This time it was Tony whose head fell back on the bed as he let out a moan at Steve’s filthy words. He’d forgotten, just how obscene Steve could get when he was really getting into things.
He had woken shortly after he had learned of Steve’s departure, along with the others to go and defeat Thanos.
Steve couldn't fathom why he was still in 2012. He still had to return the Tesseract, and yet he was idling away his time here instead of doing his job.
There was a weight then that Steve hadn't realized he was carrying with him, that finally lifted upon the thought.
The fact wasn’t lost on him that they would be defeated by the very same army Tony had just seen, when he had done the sacrificial play by going through the wormhole. And wasn't that the kicker! Apparently he had developed a taste for being the one to make the sacrifice play.
“I’m close too, fuck, come for me, Tony.” And Tony felt himself convulse as his his orgasm rushed through him. He squeezed around Steve as he came, and Steve pounded once, twice, thrice more before he too, fell in the crook of Tony’s neck, his name on Steve’s lips as he pressed his release deep inside of Tony.
Thinking about how perfect Steve was, only seemed to further bring to his mind how inadequate he was in comparison.Yeah, his relationship was going well with Steve, but that didn’t mean that Steve shouldn’t have better.
“You were so much more than anything I could have ever imagined. Steve,” He continued as he wiped the tears from his face. “You’ve been through so much your whole life but you never gave up living, and just being in this room helped me remember that.” At those words, Tony finally got the courage to say what was left. He looked up into Steve’s eyes and said, “This room helped me get through so many tough times in my life because at the centre of it all was you. I—I love you Steve.”
Tony had been too furious and fucking turned on to even pay attention to whatever in the hell Steve had been trying to tell him. The fact that he was turned on made him more furious, and a furious Tony was a horny Tony. It was a never ending hell.
"I'm sorry, but I can not help you. It's a matter of impartiality. We have a code to uphold." Strange, or Dr. Strange as the man introduced himself as, said to them after Bruce's explanation.
“Um, what?” Tony blinked. “Did you just say you signed me up to audition for a rock band!???”
Bruce put Tony down and gave him a sheepish look while he apologized.
Fury had quickly recovered after that, (preventing Steve from answering, but he had a feeling Tony would try and pry it out of him later) and proceeded to then grill him and the rest of the Team for the better half of an hour on the events that transpired in the past day.
"Tony!" A shout was heard to the left of him and was his only warning before he found himself off his feet and engulfed in a bone crushing hug from Bruce - Hulk - BruceHulk?
Steve turned to look then, and was astonished to see Strange and Natasha floating up to join them. They landed, and all was silent for a few seconds. Steve found himself frozen in place. This is what they had come here for, but a little part of him had believed that maybe it was all just wishful thinking on his part.
A familiar voice broke through the oncoming panic. That voice... it was impossible - Tony turned his head, and felt the ground fall out from under him at the sight.
“Probably got lost in each others eyes again.” Natasha quipped, while she pulled up the mission alert.
Choosing not to respond, Tony averted Steve’s gaze, and brought it back to Steve’s dick in front of him.
When Steve had pulled Tony aside at the Tower after just coming back from their mission on eliminating a Hydra cell, this was the absolute last reason that he had thought Steve would have wanted him for. Heck, he had thought Steve was finally going to call him out on his shit and maybe tell him that he was no longer needed on the team.
Tony remembered watching TV and seeing his hero destroy Nazis and save the day. His father would sometimes see these occasions and briefly stop and stare at the screen, probably reminiscing about when they had worked together in the glory days. Tony wasn’t all too sure what he thought, but he always remembered the attention the Captain got from his father.
Tony broke off their kiss again, pulling Steve’s head into his neck, “Steve, please... your beard, I need -” Somehow Steve managed to understand Tony’s intent, and he shoved his bearded face into Tony’s neck.
. And the Avengers powerless to stop it.
. . .
Finally, after what felt like a lifetime, Steve had fully entered him, pausing to give Tony time to adjust.
Taking the lube, he spread some on his fingers and gently pried Tony’s fingers from his hole, instead getting Tony to hold on to him: his arms entwining behind his head.
Tony didn’t actually believe that there was any sort of life beyond death. There was their short little stint on earth and then nothing, nada, that was it, say goodbye bub. It was the reason why he was always so desperate to make his mark on earth a good one. He needed to make sure he left the earth better than it had been for the people he would leave behind.
"When Thanos, used the time stone, to bring back Vision, time didn't go back for us, it only affected Vision. I don't know how just yet but -"
The answer, did nothing to stem away his confusion, and Steve must have realized this, as he hastily stepped forward, he rushed out another response. "Gosh, Tony, I - this must be all so confusing to you. I promise, I'll explain everything when we get back home."
Tony, I know you’re mad because I got mad at you even though I asked you that question but honestly, you’re blowing this out of proportion. So come on, I accept your apology just say sorry and this could all be over, we will forget it ever happened. I know Peter will be thankful, he won’t have to play messenger between us anymore.
Steve didn’t wait for Tony to adjust, setting a punishing rhythm that hit the younger male’s prostate, over and over again. Bucky matched the rhythm using Tony’s mouth, grasping at his hair to ground his movements. Tony clutched at Bucky’s arm, fingers scraping over metal as Steve reached down to grasp his other hand.
“Good,” Tony croaked, coughing to clear his throat. “So good, thanks to both of you.”
Peter smiled hesitantly, not about to agitate his Dad by answering that question honestly. “Hey Dad. Uh, I actually came cause you know, uh Pops asked me to. He uh, he wanted me to give you this note. Cause you know, you guys aren’t talking and all that so yeah here ya go here is your note.”
Tony slowly opened his eyes, looking at both men in wonder. “Hey baby,” Steve greeted, running his hand over Tony’s hair. “How are you feeling?”
Looking from one to the other, Tony stared at them expectantly. “What’s going on boys, what do you need to ask me?”
Tony’s answering nod prompted Bucky to continue. “Now that your secret is out in the open as well as ours, will you let us in? Will you let us be together on that level?”
Bucky broke the silence a few moments later. “So that’s why you have been avoiding us being together intimately?”
“Forget anyone but me?” Steve responded, smiling at Tony. “Dollface, I’m going to make you forget your own name, much less anyone else's. That is something I can guarantee, baby.”
“So off!” Tony smiled. “You two are amazing.”
Bucky reached over to wipe the tears of frustration in the corner of Tony’s eye, smiling gently. “Easy sweet thing, we will get you off. We always keep our promises to you. We will get you to cum without touching you.”
Steve reached up to twist Bucky’s nipple, pushing him over the edge as he came with two more thrusts deep inside Tony. Steve himself thrust erratically once, twice more into Tony’s hand before painting his abdomen with streaks of cum.
“Sweet thing,” Bucky pleaded. “Please tell us what’s going on, please trust us.”
“Well, since the serum,” Steve explained, face flushing steadily. “Both Bucky and I have sort of the opposite of your problem.”
“Well, guess we’ve reached that point in this relationship where we break up.” Tony announced to the shock of the others. “Wow, you would think I would learn from every failed one night stand, every relationship I ever was in, but I guess not. So much for being a genius. Oh well, goodnight, feel free to take the bed, I’m going to the workshop.”
Sharing a silent look with Bucky, Steve was the one who tried to reassure him this time. “It’s okay honey, it’s okay. You don’t have to tell us, we won’t try to pressure you again. We can back off.”
“Shh baby, shh.” Steve comforted, hand moving down to stroke around Tony’s abdomen in soothing motions. He watched as Tony’s cock twitched the closer his hand got to it but completely ignored the hardened member, moving his hand down Tony’s thigh instead, softly brushing against his balls.
“Shh baby, shh,” Steve whispered, brushing sweat soaked hair away from Tony’s forehead.
“Yeah, sweet thing,” Bucky spoke up, stroking Tony’s thighs in comfort. “This changes nothing. I think it works out actually, makes me feel like we are made for each other.”
Tony groaned as Bucky thrust into him, not pausing before setting a punishing rhythm, thrusting deep into Tony. Tony threw his head back as Bucky hit his battered prostate, whining as Steve bit at his neck.
“I don’t get it, Steve!” Bucky grumbled, pacing Tony’s penthouse bedroom. “We’ve been going out for six months, every time we kiss, it’s great. We touch each other, it’s great. We moved into the penthouse together, it’s been freaking amazing. We talk, date, anything, it’s great. As soon as it starts to heat up, as soon as it feels like we are about to cross that line, bam, it’s like a door slammed in our face. Tony pulls away and shuts down, shuts us out. What’s going on?!”
Peter walked into Tony’s workshop cautiously, wary of his Dad’s mood over the past three days. “Dad?”
“We will take care of you baby.” Steve reassured, thumb stroking Tony’s protruding collarbone. “We will make sure you can let go today.”
“For the love of god, Steve!” Bucky snapped in exasperation. “Tony, Steve and I have very short refractory periods. We both can’t be satisfied by just cumming once, we need to cum several times to fully be satisfied.”
“See how this is a good thing baby?” Steve questioned, stroking Tony’s cheek to calm him as Bucky lined himself up to thrust inside Tony. “We both just filled you up from each end and your body is still begging for it. You need two super soldiers to keep up with you, to help you let go, to help you cum for us.”
“How much more time Steve?” Bucky asked, unable to let this go.
“How are you holding up honey?” Steve questioned, peppering kisses on Tony’s shoulder, hand stroking his chest.
“Tony I’m sorry, I saw that stupid Friends episode and asked that question then got mad. But in my defence I didn’t expect my husband to immediately answer like that!” Steve defended himself.
“Sweetie,” Steve spoke up into his ear, arms wrapping around his waist in a steel hold. “No one is breaking up with anyone. Just talk to us please. Do you not want to go all the way with us? Have we been doing something wrong, making you uncomfortable in any way?”
Thumb stroking under Steve’s eye, he moved his other hand to run through Steve’s hair as he continued. “Brad Pitt from the 90’s? Only color I could find close to ours, before I stopped looking, eyes in pain from the amount of bleach people were using.”
[in the debriefing room]
Tony sighed happily as he strokes his sons hair and bend down to kiss him on the forehead. He then leaves his sons room quietly.
I’m back sorry it so long to write this but I finally had the time to finish this chapter and hopefully from now on I’ll get my next chapter done much more quickly 😅
He hasn’t seen her for nearly two decades, she looked different then the first time he encountered her. He looked older some winkles peaking out, she shorten her hair and from what Tony could tell she looked tired.
A knock on the door brought him out of his thoughts, he hope it wasn’t Rogers again he didn’t want to deal with him. But luckily it was Maria, “Sir are you alright?” She asked kindly.
Natasha
All of the sudden the rescue suits came out of the walls and encase themselves around Tobias and Peggy “What the hell” Tobias shouts. Steve was in a panic what the fuck is going on “JARVIS!!” He cries but no response this was getting bad, “TONY” Steve shouts and Tony rushes out of his lab and saw the suits covering his love ones ‘No’ “what the fuck is happening” “we don’t know Jarvis isn’t responding” Bruce said with worry on his voice. No no no this isn’t happening why wasn’t there any signs, Tony turns to his family “go and tell Fury what is happening” he tells them in a panic. “No but dad” his cries but it’s too late to argue the suits lift in the air and smash through the window and escape.
Bucky didn’t answer. He didn’t even move a muscle. Something was off about the man and his foreign... Sokovian accent. He could tell that nothing good could come but he wasn’t going to try anything. He had to make a good impression on S.H.I.E.L.D. again, even if it was just to please Steve. Anyway, he could easily break out of the pod: he just didn’t want to.
A man, who had curly, black hair, which somehow avoided his empty, grey eyes, stood in front of where Bucky was being held. He looked at the soldier, taking in everything the man out of time did. He hid his smile, trying not to show how happy he was that he had managed to be the one allowed to evaluate Barnes. “Hello, Mr. Barnes. I've been sent by the United Nations to evaluate you. Do you mind if I sit? Your first name is James?”
"You didn't think the fool could have done it all himself, did you?" Zemo queried, his tone being way too light for the situation. "We prided ourselves with being close with many strong organisations such as the Rising Tide. It was a small price to pay for weapons such as that."
"Right... that's, we should tell Tony."
Steve shuddered. How had he forgotten about the new laws that came with the Sokovia Accords? Now he couldn't act without governmental permission because he'd be breaking the freaking law. Excuse him for his language but he was really freaking done.
Pepper and Tony had come up with a getaway code for the man back when he first decided that meetings were boring and that ditching them for another hour in the workshop was way more fun. It generally got used once or twice a month but no one had noticed it so far, or if they had they just let the man run off to play with his robots.
"So it is here..." Tony breathed.
Peter shook his head, "I believe they were radioactive."
"I wasn't in Vienna. I don't do that anymore." Bucky didn't lie, Steve remembered. He never had, even when lying could have saved their sorry asses from Mrs Barnes.
Fury snorted, "I see the way you look at each other, Cap, I bet you twenty dollars that you'll be wed to him in the next decade, and when have I ever lost a bet to you?"
Steve vanished from the room, probably to find his shield. Tony only realised his comment was mean when Steve walked past him again, muttering under his breath to himself, "He's my son too."
Steve kneeled down opposite Peter - who was sat on a twin bed, "What's up, Pete? You've never been shy with me before..."
Tony grinned. "Maybe..."
"From a certain point of view..."
"I didn't get a response... straight to voicemail."
"Morning, Dad," mumbled Peter whilst turning onto his side. He ended up going a little too far, and landed on the floor with a thud.
"Your Pops isn't coming back."
Wringing his hands, Tony said, "Honestly, I'm not sure. Realistically, they couldn't have left the country in this short space of time, correct?"
"You heard me, Peter, go pack your bags."
"What is it?" Wanda piped, pointing to the screen showing documents and warfare plans, as she rested her head on Vision's shoulder, "We should be doing something better than this. We're not Hydra. We don't plan battles against others."
Tony looked at him, puzzled. "Why?"
"I've got another good reason why I should be the one."
"I can't do this anymore, Tones. We can't be a thing. It's just not gonna work..."
Bucky broke free from his attacker, slinging his bag over his back as he ran and jumped another level. The other person- the man adorned all in black, slid down the wall, using his claws for traction. He landed at street level and the chase continued.
"At the moment it's  fine, but back when I was feeling worse. When there were loads of people, when I was feeling stressed... I could barely see. It was like looking into a kaleidoscope: everything was refracted and reflected and I couldn't concentrate."
What were Peter's favourite colours, he wondered, whilst working on the overall aesthetics of the suits appearance. Blue? Yes that was one. "Oh, and red", he said, aloud by accident.
"I'm the one least likely to die trying."
Vision, noticing the tension, quickly made the decision to break up the quarrel. "I have an equation," he stated, nonchalantly.
"Peter!" Steve shouted, throwing the wreckage of furniture to the side, kneeling down beside the small frame of his son.
Peter opened his eyes, his consciousness slowly returning to him. His wrists were being held by vibranium cuffs -  which were chained to the concrete ceiling. And, his ankles were fastened in the same way, however instead of being connected to the ceiling, they were attached to the wall.
"Bucky!" Peter cried, struggling against Zemo's grip, "Why aren't you stopping him?"
Tony interrupted, with, "But I'm not, I haven't been for years."
"C-Captain America... Iron Man... The names... they're familiar."
"But..?" Peter supplied.
Steve relaxed. The pressure of his boyfriend not wanting to meet his son lifted. "I'll call Tony. Make sure they'll be in."
Bucky's breathing calmed, his shouting seized. His eyes went empty, emotionless. He stood in ready position, looking at the man as if he was the only thing in the room."Ready to comply."
Steve snorted with laughter. "I had a sudden image of you trying to take down Loki by kicking him in the knees."
Their queries were halted, when they saw Tony Stark physically dragging Peter towards the glass doors. "Underoos, you gotta do this for me, you have to go with them," the brunet pleaded.
"Well, we didn't exactly eat lunch, did we, Pete?"
"And you're bad at asking them."
"Buck..." Steve began, looking out of the apartment window, watching as a flock of staring flew by. "How would you feel if Peter lived here?"
"How long are you going to play both sides?" Sam cut in.
"Enough, Mr Stark! Allow Mr Rogers to finish his statement," the judge said coldly, his eyes fixed on the genius.
There goes Plan A. If he can't go looking for Bucky, or this person who claims to be Bucky, what is he meant to do? Just sit around and twiddle his thumbs? No way. That won't happen. That can't happen. "Are you saying you'll arrest me?" He wouldn't put it past her but after the law few years he doubted she would be that cold towards him.
"What the heck is happening, Peter?"
"Hey... Was wondering if I could come round and see Peter, after school tomorrow."
"You hacked into Shield's server?" Tony interrupted.
"They're Hydra..." Tony cut in, "It's what they do."
"Then why don't you go do something?" snapped Steve, throwing his head backwards before letting it drop into his hands. He was trying his upmost best not to yell, not to shout, but it was hard - and it was draining him.
"Bucky?" croaked Peter, who was yet to notice the man's empty eyes, and expressionless face. He got no answer: the man seemed to be in a daydream-like state.
Tony took one more hard stare at the computer screen; it displayed a diagram of a double helix structured DNA, however it had mutations all over it: making it theoretically stronger... before going upstairs to Peter's bedroom.
"Would you like me to make you something to eat, Peter?" asked Vision, who happened to be walking through one of the walls at that moment.
The redhead took a deep breath. “Peter, I can’t tell you because I don’t know. If I knew I’d say... I promise.”
"No! I don't care if you had feelings for him before the freaking war. You said you had feelings for me, too... Maybe you were wrong. Maybe we were both wrong." The brunet glanced down at his phone, which had just vibrated and had begun to glow. "Pep is here, kiddo. You know your way out, right?"
"Yeah?"
"I'm saying there may be a causality." Vision paused, not for breath- as he didn't actually need to take any, but for dramatic effect. "Our very strength invites challenge; challenge invites conflict. And conflict... breeds catastrophe. Oversight... Oversight is not an idea that can be dismissed out of hand."
Peter rushed into his room in a strop: immediately heading to his main closet. He grabbed his largest suitcase, the blue and red one that Dad and Pops had bought him for their holiday to Corfu, and started to angrily throw clothes into it.
Ned appeared to be gearing up to make a small speech. "Mr Stark, I... uh, um, I mean... Tony, um, thank you for this." He gestured to his plate, the people at the table, and finally the room in general. "Today has been awesome!" He was smiling wide and his Confidence Hat sat in his lap, his plate nearly empty.
"You didn't cook these, did you?" he asked, trying to change the topic. He couldn't stand being mad this long - maybe he just had to get on with life like Dad had said.
"Nope. Nu-uh. Not today. Maybe in a few weeks but right now it's a no no."
"Analysing this blood sample."
The cold, sharp point of a knife being dragged across his skin brought him back to reality. It didn't cut deeply, just enough to scar over. He moaned in pain: leaning back in his chair. He tried not to scream, to cry out in pain to the people who would do nothing but laugh at his current state. He couldn't show how scared he really was - it was a Stark trait; you have to put on an act around those you don't trust.
"Aren't you like, what.... ninety-seven?"
Ned shrugged. "For when you inevitably make a genius breakthrough, obviously."
"Sam, I can't shake this guy."
"Just remembered the Stark Expo... damn that would have been neat if Howard had managed to get that car to work."
Steve shoved his boyfriend playfully... boyfriend. Did he just call Bucky his boyfriend? Take a deep breath, Rogers, you can do this. "Bucky..."
Peter never finished his sentence as Tony engulfed him in a Trojan horse hug, which was hiding a million tickles. "Save me, Sam, Scott... Save me!"
Tony strode into the restaurant, Peter's hands clasped around his own. The boy was shaking - his nerves getting the better of him. He didn't quite believe his Pops that Bucky was hone. What if the man tried to kidnap him again?
* * *
"No. Tony. Listen to me. For once in your life, stop pretending you're the most important person in the world. Cos you're not, you aren't..."
The teen hesitantly sat down. "You said you wanted to play chess?"
They had been arguing so much recently, more than they had ever done before...
For the next ten minutes of the ride home, Peter struggled against Tony, failing to escape from the painful torture being endured upon him. "Stop!" He exclaimed, after he could take no more. For some reason the tickles felt eleven times worse than usual - making it harder to stand the pain.
"No, the kid's usually an early-bird," he said, sitting down on the couch beside Bucky. "By the way, he definitely won that chess game, you're just a sore loser."
Bucky nodded his head. "Yes, Sir."
“Okay, I believe you.”
Tony's face reddened, "I'm flattered, Petey, but do you remember anything about the spiders, anything?"
Steve went red. "There's a meaning. Um. Well. Peggy said something about it back, back before I... found you... in the War. When Hydra first... I misunderstood her, thought she and Howard, did it..."
"Your arc reactor was in the way!"
"Are you sure about this, kiddo?" Tony asked, wishing he hadn't given the boy a chance to make his own decision. The Accords would be fine for him... but for a vigilante, who still had a life to live, was it really such a great idea?
"You ever gonna feel up to going back there? And if you don't think you will... Would you rather be homeschooled by me and anyone else who wants to help?" Tony asked, remembering the struggles of dealing with both Stark Industries and being a fully fledged hero. Sure, this was school and not work they were talking about but balancing two lives is quite hard.
"Yes, I get it, we're both older than we look - some of us," Bucky placed a hand on his chest, "Look a lot younger than we actually are..."
"Mornin', Dad," he mumbled through a piece of dry toast he was eating. It was clear he was still tired but Tony could see the excitement on his son's face, and decided against dragging him back to his bed.
He might never see him again. And no one would ever no where he was, no one would ever be able to find him.
"Hey, bud," the genius said calmly. He nudged a pile of books to the side, before sitting down beside his son. "Aren't you meant to be sleeping right about now? Isn't it like... eleven at night?"
Peter took a step back, "They were comfy, and plus I only just woke up..."
Peter grinned, turning off his VR Lightsaber, chucking it onto the seat. They had been battling each other, recreating the Battle of The Heroes, which from their favourite episode of Star Wars. "I know right!"
"Rusted, Furnace, Daybreak-" the man continued, smirking as the soldier placed his hands over his ears: his attempts to muffle out the sound failing. The words were tearing at his memories. The warm thoughts and feelings. His love towards Steve.
"I know, it's okay. Bucky isn't here..." Tony mumbled, reassuring himself more than his son. He needn't make effort to calm him down because Steve had just walked into the room... alone.
"I will repeat myself, актив/asset, you will do as I say," said the man as he let the knife drop to the floor, ignoring the clang of metal against polished stone.
Tony brought his left hand to his face, holding it firmly with his other. He was shaking. Steve was going to go against him. He was going to argue against this new law. But, he couldn't do that... could he? He was meant to be America's golden boy: the one and only Star Spangled Man. The genius exhaled quietly, crossing his fingers that Steve would make the right decision.
"Just make sure to keep your face covered... for two reasons. One we don't want any of my enemies finding out you're the newest hero. Two you're meant to be sick off school."
"Shield can take him, Steve. They won't kill him. I can promise you that but they'll be able to sedate him. Maybe after a few forensics and lie detector tests they'll let you see him."
Ten minutes later, Peter was sat in the passenger seat of his Dad's black, Acura NSX. The teen had cranked the A/C up to full, leaving his Dad shivering whilst he drove.
"Love you to, Pete."
The pair sat in silence for a little longer, before Bucky broke it once more. "I'll leave the KFC in here, Peter. Your Pops will be back soon... he's on a mission. I'll... I'll be in the lounge if you need me."
"How are you?"
"I said that too but she wouldn't let me have that opinion," Flash added.
"Y'alright, Buddy?"
"Compared to me you'll always be a squirt."
Bucky glanced over at the fidgeting kid, "I have an idea... why don't I make us some grub, whilst your Pops, here, tells you what's happening?"
Zemo smirked at Peter's remark as he took a few steps towards the boy. His footsteps were slow and silent, just like a predator before it pounced on its prey. He came closer, and closer, until he was near enough that the kid could feel the man's breath on him. The man then placed his hand below the boy's chin, tilting it upright so the teen was looking him right in the eye. "Oh, but you are our asset, whether you like it or not."
Peter shook his head. "They've turned you against yourself. Not the other way round. I swear it. They're the bad guys."
Tony sat back down, letting Peter lean against him. "What is it, Rogers?" he hissed, "You haven't gone and ratted him out to Shield have you? Or the UN? For once in your god damn life don't be such a patriot. You don't have to tell them everything."
"Night, Irondad..." Peter whispered as he fell asleep.
Bucky's eyes widened in confusion, and amazement, as he heard the Irish woman's voice appear from nowhere. It wasn't exactly frightening to him, though, he had always been a lover for technology. He could remember the last time him and Steve went to an expo together... a Stark expo. One that Tony's father had hosted. They had seen a flying car - that hadn't quite worked - and he was now wondering if Howard had ever perfected it.
"Why not?" the teen whined.
Tony placed his hand on Peter's shoulder, "Only Stark's can pull off the rocking look of Iron Man."
"Eff off, Barnes," he warned good-naturedly.
"Peggy said she has a spare apartment I can borrow... Actually, I think Howard gave it to her first..." Steve answered.
The only source of light throughout the cell was coming from a thin gap, which was under what Peter presumed to be the door. It was a dim yellow, barely enough to illuminate the claustrophobic room: but it was there. It was a slimmer of hope in all the darkness surrounding him.
"Hiya, you excited for this trip?" Ned asked, peering over at his friend's phone.
"Haven't you heard, Peter? Your dad's immortal!" Pepper joked.
"Go ahead, Captain, but you're going to have to be leaving tonight. Agent Romanoff will be working alongside you... it's a pity Banner isn't here."
"Stop! Please, I mean, por favor," Peter squealed, trying to squirm away from his Uncle.
* * *
The blond pulled out his wallet, from his pocket, opening it to reveal a small, passport photo of a boy. A boy with scruffy, brown hair and a mischievous grin.
A few moments later, the judge got the three men's attention. "Alright, we have come to an agreement," he paused, inhaling and exhaling once, before resuming, "We believe that Mr Rogers and Mr Barnes should take custody of Mr Stark-Rogers. However, we would like to keep an eye on how he settles in with you, before making it a permanent arrangement."
Peter heard both men laugh so hard it reverberated through the room, until they calmed down and took deep breaths.
The man shut the door behind him, pulling a gun out from his jacket. "Now Soldier, Longing-"
"Tony... Rhodey, Vision."
"Sounds like a strong kid."
Tony sat down on Peter's bed, being careful not to sit on his son. "Yeah, it's me. I... I've got some news."
"Hey, you wanna see something cool? I pulled something from Dad's archives," Tony said, picking up a small black case. He grinned, showing Peter the contents of it. "Felt timely... FDR signed the Lend-Lease bill with these in 1941. Provided support to the Allies when they needed it most."
"I don't know, I just have this hunch." Peter spun around on the bed, so that he was facing the wall, and Tony stood up.
* * *
Steve threw him a worried look, hurrying to follow after him. He watched as his boyfriend chucked a man over the railings and ran to catch him. He did. Why he did it.... he didn't know. Maybe it was his moral, maybe he just didn't want to see his friend kill more than he had to. He looked at Bucky wearily. "Come on man!"
"How'd you sleep?" Tony asked, picking up the finished suit and hiding it behind his back.
"I'm not not getting that shield back... am I?"
"A... a documentary. One on the war."
"He's gone."
The Winter Soldier looked to his supervising officer, his face as emotionless as always, and waited for an order. Usually when the sirens went off, he was dragged out to fight: or he was placed back under cyro, to wait for another day. However, this time he had been stationed to wait. No exact orders. Just to wait for Zemo.
Steve smiled weakly. "It may or may not have been paint water."
"Come on, Sir," Steve exclaimed, brushing his hand through his hair. "Peter's barely even settled  in with me and Bucky, you can't send us on a mission now."
He placed the cup and kettle on the table. Then, whilst quickly turning on one of his holograms, he said, "Oh that's Charles Spencer, by the way. He's a great kid." Steve stared at the picture of the teen in confusion. "Computer engineering degree, 3.6 GPA. He had a floor level gig at Intel planned for the fall. But first, he wanted to put a few miles on his soul." Nat frowned. She was also worried with where the genius was going with this.
Once again, he rolled his eyes. "Right, what were we saying about your boyfriend?"
Steve nodded, taking a few steps across the room and crouching down beside the sofa Peter was sleeping on. "This is around the time he usually wakes up anyway, and Tony will kill me if I mess up his sleep schedule."
"Just because it's the path of least resistance doesn't mean it's the wrong path. Staying together is more important than how we stay together."
Steve was shocked at his ex's outbreak. "I haven't told them anything... not yet. But we won't have a choice soon. And it's not entirely my fault." The blond pushed a document across the table and towards Tony.
There was also a faint, red glow coming from the top corner of the cell - he realised - a camera probably. But apart from that, there was nothing but the black abyss.
"Dad," Peter said quietly, "It's only a school trip, it's not gonna make me hate Stark Industries."
"You were the one that was insistent on leaving right this moment," he said, dipping slightly lower so he could get a good recording of Steve's problem. In the back of his mind, he planned to show it to Peter when they found him - he could probably get a good laugh out of it.
"The UN are already pissed at me. They've wanted this for ages... and this could be good for me. I need to take a break from superheroing and do some stuff for Stark Industries."
The force that had turned the ceiling into the floor suddenly weakened, causing Peter to plummet to the ground. "Oh great," he muttered to himself just before his head smashed against the floor.
"No need... I'm outside your window."
"Tony," Steve said firmly, relieved to have finally been able to put a word in. "Someone dies on your watch, you don't give up."
"Am not!" Bucky protested, and Steve shushed him - jokingly pressing his hand against his boyfriend's mouth for a second.
Tony tapped his glasses. “FRIDAY, get me the source of that outage.”
Bucky nodded, clearly impressed that flying cars were now a thing. The blond that was stood beside him, however, looked a little confused. "Why're you asking, Buck?"
Peter was about to say something else- to ask what would happen to those who didn't sign, to those who didn't know they had to sign, when the door opened. There was a lady, dressed in a suit, with her red hair tied up neatly in a bun. "Mr Stark," she said politely, "You have a message regarding your son. I've been told it's urgent."
The brunet sat on the edge of the bed, pulling the curled up teen towards him. "You've got school, buddy. You need to go learn, become almost as smart as me!"
Tony shook his head, placing his hands over his eyes, as Peter said, "What was Pops talking 'bout? I'm not an Avenger. How does it affect me?"
It was a decent question. If Bucky didn't remember him, why would the soldier save his life? Unfortunately, the brunet was reluctant to provide an answer- and Steve wasn't sure if this was due to Hydra's training or because the man actually had nothing else to say. "I don't know..." he provided, which gave Steve next to nothing.
"Nothing," Tony insisted, rubbing his forehead in panic, "Should we order some Chinese takeout?"
"Okay..."
"What?"
Glaring at him, Steve continued, "And despite him having many PhDs, none of them affect his abilities at parenting a child. In the past, I was always the parent who looked after Peter, cooked food and all that. Tony... well he just put him in dangerous situations."
"Tell me, Captain, do you know where Thor and Banner are right now?"
Tony glanced down at his Rolex before replying with a simple, "Nine thirty." This was the time Tony usually woke up at, unless of course Peter had school - which wasn't a problem now, however the teenager seemed distraught. You see, Peter wasn't one of those 'imma stay up all night on tumblr and wake up at eleven' kids. Sure, he had stayed out pretty late on the few occasions him and his Dad had gone out patrolling: but that was different. He would always wake up early. He had alarms set from 5:30am every morning, and stuck to them every single day.
"Yep."
* * *
"The documents Pops showed you earlier?" Peter whispered. The genius nodded in reply to him, unwilling to answer verbally. Peter could remember how angry the superstar-soldier was about the Accords earlier but his Dad has seemed willing to signit. Why did he sound so unsure now? The words every enchanted individual continued to rattle in his thoughts. "Would I have to sign it?"
The Dark Room? What the hell was the Dark Room? It didn't sound good to Peter but he couldn't escape from Bucky's grip: the metal arm already felt like it was choking his jugular.
"What?" the boy asked, stunned. He shifted on the spot, looking at Clint for the answer his father wasn't giving him. He got none.
When he awoke, Peter was also beginning to stir: with the boy occasionally sitting upright and rubbing his eyes, before lying back down. "Morning, Pete," the billionaire said softly, pulling himself up from the seat.
At that point, Peter peered his head out of his room, giving a scared nod. "Sorry," he whispered, "Couldn't help but overhear everything you just said."
"Trust me... they did."
"If that was actually... if that was actually Buck, then shouldn't I be the one to bring him in? The only reason he'd be acting like this if if Hydra got him again," he said, his voice breaking every few syllables. "I'm the only person who has ever brought him out of that trance. Shield will need me."
Tony put his arms around Peter, "It's okay, kiddo. Let's do some spider-stuff to take your mind off it."
"Aren't you like ninety-eight?" Steve mocked him.
"I'll remind him to get it once we find him," Steve said, walking over to where his motorbike was. He barely made it two feet before catching his foot on a root and falling onto his knees.
Steve nodded in understanding. "I see. That base they located a few weeks ago, is that still in operation or did we weed that out?"
There was what sounded like an affectionate shove and then Bucky said, "Thank you, punk."
* * *
Natasha was there, though. At the conference. The one which has been bombed. He could only pray she was okay. What was he talking about? Of course she was okay. She's the Black Widow, nothing can beat her. Maybe nothing but the love that is directed to her friends. Her family.
Bucky broke a bannister and swung down on it. The sound of wood snapping flooding the soldier with more adrenaline. He then took out another three men, careful to make sure no one is behind him.
The next few minutes of his life lasted an eternity. His mind was burning, sweat was trickling down his pale face. Peter clung to every happy memory he could: his Pops teaching him how to ride a bike, his Dad and him playing with Dum-E, Clint and him having a prank war, Bruce teaching him about gamma radiation... He thought about all of it. Anything to block out the electricity that was burning through his body.
"You never tell me the truth, Tony. And when you do, it's only the half the story."
Peter looked across at his Dad, his eyes wide as he realised what was about to happen. "Dad, don't. Please, don't..." The teen was cut off by his own squeals of laugher, trying to squirm away from his Dad's tickles.
"How long has it been?"
Tony sat down, slightly embarrassed with himself. What if all of his frustration led to Steve getting custody of Peter, forever? That would tear at the brunet's chest - leaving an empty space, a theoretical one that could never be patched up, or filled in. He could hide it - just like he hid the real hole in his chest, the one that kept him alive. But it would be useless, the only way the man could hide his problems was with drinking: something he was trying to stop.
"Yeah, I'm good..."
Steve leant against the wall, trying to calm his now-heavy breathing with its icy chill. His phone was still in his hand, the case shattering in his firm grip. The message was still on the screen...
"That is all, your honour," said Steve as he walked back over towards Bucky. The man received a pat on the shoulder from the brunet and a friendly smile.
Steve glared at him sternly. "I have to go."
"And you and Mr Metal Arm aren't also a rebound couple? Excuse me for thinking but I believe it's been over half a year since we broke up. This isn't rebound. Your's was rebound-"
* * *
In a deadpan voice, Ned asked, "What was it like watching the fall of the Galactic Republic, Mr Stark?"
Steve's phone went off. The Captain picked it up slowly and brought it close enough to read the notification. It was a text. "I gotta go," he mumbled.
"You said it was right here!" Tony exploded at Steve once he touched to the ground. "And it's not here!"
Bucky pulled himself up off the ground but his luck is quick to disappear as he is quickly slammed against a wall. He blinks, trying to regain control of his spinning vision. It felt like he was on a carousel, the world swiftly turning around him. It was quick to come back, though, probably due to the effects of the serum. That had to be one of the pluses of being The Winter Soldier.
Peter knew how terrible Vision's cooking skills were but he was feeling rather peckish. "Sure, thanks," he answered, after much hesitation.
She was very pretty. Her eyes were a deep, emerald green and her was a mix of auburn and chestnut locks - which were tied up in a ponytail. However, Peter saw something beneath her freckled skin. Something secret... something bad.
Tony coughed - interrupting his son, "And the looks."
The brunet walked over to the teen, and swiftly removed the cuffs. Then he held firmly onto Peter's collar, his grip barely allowing the teen to breathe.
For the next five hours, Peter and Tony tested out every single possible power they thought the teen could have. And, once they were done, they started working on a suit. Peter designed the majority of it - leaving Tony to work on the engineering of  it.
[Warnings from now: angst, creepy villains, sadness, torture, pain, hallucinations. Read at your own risk.]
"Dad...?"
Slowly opening the door, Tony crept into Peter's room. What did he talk about first: the DNA results, or Steve? Both had turned into a swarm of butterflies, fluttering around his stomach. He felt nervous. Uneasy. Scared.
Tony choked on the glass of water he had previously been drinking, "W-hat? You're going to Oscorp?"
* * *
"Why not?" Tony repeated, "Because, one, it would be breaking the judge's rulings, and two you've got schoolwork to do."
"I wanted to tell you first... For Peter's sake."
"Then what are you doing here?"
"Right. Who's blood is it exactly?" asked Steve, no more reassured than he was when he saw his husband for the first time that evening.
"Should've known. He was the mastermind of bad ideas. One of them being-"
Tony nodded his head, scribbling something down on the piece of paper on his clipboard.
Six months... It had been roughly six months since Tony had last heard his precious baby speak. Six months since he had last watched him walk or run. Six months since they had last gone out patrolling as Spider-Man and Iron Man together.
"Hey..." he looked over to his kid, who was mouthing 'N' towards him. Okay. Simple. That meant that the other nerd's name began with N. The billionaire could easily work that out, after all he was a genius. "Ned," he finished. "Nice to meet you. And, call me Tony."
"Okay..." Peter replied, hesitantly.
* * *
However, Peter was strong: he will get through this. At least, Tony hoped the kid would.
* * *
He walked out of the lab, leaving Tony alone. He hated being this angry. He hated being this mad. But, why didn't Tony trust him enough with something as important as Peter's health? They had raised the kid since he was ten, since his only left relatives had passed. They were as much a family as any could be. Why did Tony have to go and ruin that?
"Did you just call me old, Barnes? You realise you're older than me, right?"
Tony glared at his son, trying not to panic. That other kid- Harley he swiftly remembered, the one who had helped him out when everyone thought he was dead: he had been great at bringing anxiety attacks upon him. Hell, that kid was probably the biggest stress inducer there was! His own son was nearly as bad. "Peter..."
"You alright, buddy?" the philanthropist asked Peter, stroking the boy's hair out of his eyes. He could see Steve sat down at the booth in the far corner, a glass of alcohol placed in front of him.
"I don't think Spider-Barely-A-Teen really works... Dad."
* * *
"We're kinda... Well, not kinda..."
"Wow, Pete. That is a lot of pieces. You think Jed's gonna be up to having dinner with me and Pep?"
"Yes. I do do that. And that's exactly why I don't want Peter doing it. I've seen what happens, when things go wrong. I couldn't let that happen to him."
"If you're well an' truly sorry you'd tell me what this big secret is."
"Peterium sounds stupid, though," he said, biting his lip to stop himself laughing.
"Ohhh, I want to take it back now."
The man in Black then decided to catch a ride through the sky by grabbing hold of Sam's leg. The Falcon tried to shake him away, kicking his legs in protest.
"Unprecedented."
"Lawyer. That's funny. See their weapons are placed in lockup. Oh, we'll write you a receipt." Now, the man was trying to humour the Captain. It wasn't going to work, though. Instead it just added to the uneasiness created by being without his shield. It was almost as if a part of him was missing.
"It's mutating."
Steve's breathing relaxed, the waterworks slowed - and a new feeling crept inside of the blond. He quickly kissed Bucky... it was a spur of the moment action, it just felt right to him. They may have conceded their love, but they had never mentioned going further with it.
Peter didn't reply; he wasn't too sure what to say to that. Sure, his Pops has mentioned his Mom prior to that moment... it was just awkward to get back to it right then.
Steve frowned, picking up one of the fountain pens. He began to pace, eagerly trying to come up with a plan, where everything ended on a good note. He turned to Tony, not yet noticing the multiple screens on the walls, which were in the control room beyond them. "I'm not saying it's impossible but there would have to be safeguards."
"His parents were killed in a plane crash, Pete was the only one to make it out alive... unscarred actually. Then he lived with his Aunt and Uncle up until the Battle but their apartment building was destroyed... Peter was the lone survivor."
"Yes."
"Oh yes," Zemo said calmly, his face twisted in an evil smile. He looked happy... too happy for regular day to life, and far too happy to be kidnapping enhanced teenagers. The man waited a moment before continuing, either trying to figure out what to say - or just stalling for dramatic effect. "Are your accommodations meeting your standards, asset?"
"He's... he's, we just need to get him out of here," Steve stuttered, picking up his son, and carrying him in a bridal hold. He stood up, indicating for his ex husband to follow.
"Because, Captain Rogers, I may not look that old - but my time as a field agent has gone and come. You're the best we've got and you've done this before."
"Then you can grace him with your wonderful cooking," Bucky teased.
"At least I'm now like you and Pops," Peter exclaimed. Then after seeing the smile on his Dad's face fade, he added: "Sorry."
"Good," the teen whispered. However, his gaze was yet to fall from his duvet - and he hadn't once let Tony's eyes meet his own. "The... other news?"
Zemo.
Sam and Scott both grinned. Then the falcon crept a little closer to the pair on the sofa, "Actually, I think I'd rather help the metal man."
"You're doing it again."
"I told you so, didn't I?"
"Why?"
Steve smiled, recognising the words that came from his friend's mouth. "I know. And it's just... you being here is so surreal. And I mean you being here, not The Winter Soldier." He watched as Bucky beamed at him, a smile that he hadn't seen that frequently. "Bucky, I think I'm love with you."
"Me and Bucky, here, are... dating."
"What?" Peter snapped. His Dad's voice had been dialled up to eleven. It was too loud, almost deafening.
A gasp filled the car, "He loves me too, Underoos. You do realise we're married?"
"Finally, a good question. We need another asset. One far more young and impressionable. One like you."
Steve glanced down at Peter, a grin on his face, "You didn't tell him?"
"I don't... I don't believe you," he stuttered, staring at the white wall in front of him. His tears were starting to water; he couldn't let Peter know he had gotten to him. "But, I recognise you."
"Lying is bad, especially when it involves lying to me," retorted Tony.
"Now..." Everett continued, "You'll be provided with an office instead of a cell. Now, do me a favour, stay in it?"
Ross smiled. "Three days from now, the UN meets in Vienna to ratify the accords." Steve turned his head to face Tony, clearly outraged. The billionaire stayed staring at the ground, swivelling his shoes, until Steve coughed to get his attention. The two leaders made eye contact, before the General added, "To talk it over."
Steve nodded numbly. "Why are we automatically assuming that Peter's been kidnapped? That really says something about how much faith you have in me as a parent."
The two were a lot closer than prior to Peter's rescue. Both had hid away their disagreements, ready to prove that Peter was more important than their divorcement.
Peter threw a quick glance at his father before smiling and saying, "KFC? I know you don't like that kind of food, but I was kidnapped... and tortured"
As if he was a persistent fly, Tony swatted him away. "Go over there. Take a running jump and land here."
Steve threw the cop up onto the landing, making sure that his gun was far enough away to not be a danger. He then hurled an oncoming hostile over his shoulder, allowing the man to hit the concrete. He could hear the whimper escape the German's mouth, surprisingly he didn't feel as guilty as he thought he would.
"That's cold," said Sam.
Virtual reality.
"D-dad?" Peter stuttered, his face crimson, his eyes wide in shock. A part of the boy still imagined his Pops and Dad getting back together, despite the fact that Pops had already moved on. His Dad had been looking at his CEO, in a way Peter could only describe as admiration, for years. Maybe he should have seen it coming... but then again since when did the expected every actually happen?
"I know but for some reason the government never seem to trust me. They always side with the patriotic Captain America over the reckless Iron Man..."
"Yeah, maybe it was a good idea." Then, Steve added, "Well, I better be off. See you later. Love you!" He walked out of the room.
"Night, Petey."
"Yeah," Tony lifted his right hand to scratch the back of his neck. "We've always had the chemistry, just didn't know we both had the feelings..." His smile faded, when he realised that Steve was still frowning at him. "What? What is it, Rogers?"
Flash and MJ joined them on the row behind them. "Hey, losers," MJ said jokingly, "Ready to die of boredom on this trip?"
"You're fine with signing your life away," mumbled the boy, in defiance. He wasn't too sure if this was the route he really wanted to go down but if his Dad could do it, so could he.
"Who the hell's the other guy?"
"What? I just won this case!" Tony exclaimed.
Bucky huffed and rolled his eyes. "I know! He's right in front of me, Mister Star Spangled Man."
"It went okay," Tony said calmly, making sure not to worry the boy anymore than he had to. "How comes you are still in your PJs?"
When they finally returned to the Tower, it was gone midnight - meaning Peter had to go directly to bed. "Night, Spiderson," Tony mumbled, as he shut the door.
"I gather you've heard about us?"
A man aimed at Bucky, his gun following the assassin's head. Steve knocked the man's gun out of his hands with his shield whilst Bucky leapt down the stairway once again. He caught onto the railing with his flesh hand. Then he climbed up onto the floor, ran down the corridor and threw himself off of the balcony. He tumbled onto the lower roof of the neighbouring building, where he found where his backpack had landed. He picked it up and ran.
"What?" Steve snapped, sharper than he intended to.
* * *
"That's okay, kid, no offence taken."
"It's you... Of course I'd keep it, Dad."
Bucky hastily finished his mouthful of slightly burnt toast, wiping the butter off of his face. "What like all the time, or a half an half agreement?"
"What?" the assassin snapped.
Steve blushed at the comment, slightly taken back by it. "We're not getting married..."
"I know you're nervous," the Captain said, taking a step towards his boyfriend. "And you have plenty of reason to be. But you're lying." He prayed to God that Bucky was lying... if he wasn't, then they were all screwed.
Tony looked down at Steve, taking in the long strands of his blond hair in complete disarray, and fuck, his thick beard which made him look like a wild man that Tony was taming.
He had grown to rather like Tony. He was a bit odd at times, reacting rather peculiarly whenever Steve complimented him on his features, like the strength evident in his hands or the unique shade of his eyes. Steve just figured he had heard them all too much and was too tired of saying his gratitude. But he was fun company. He made Steve laugh an awful lot and was always teaching him new and interesting things.
They were currently going down said list of candidates and as Tony was one of the last to register, he'd been sitting at the table waiting. While waiting he shifted his focus from the auditions to the judges themselves.
The words and then Tony’s reaction to Steve’s hair must have gotten the message across to Steve, because in the next moment, Steve had his hands sliding around his back and then gripping Tony’s ass tightly, pushing him even closer onto Steve's erection.
Essentially it all came down to his guilt. He had told Tony that when they fought they'd fight together and he hadn't kept that promise.
“Tony.” Steve breathes out, and like he can’t help himself gives Tony another quick but deep kiss, before he steps back.
“Er, well... no. I mean he did start it—it was only a couple items at first, but then he stopped and I was, well, pretty fascinated by you when I was younger, so I just kinda, took over?” He gave Steve the short version, and Steve seemed to realize it too.
“Tony!” Steve grabbed him in an embrace, pressing their lips together desperately. “I love you, I’m sorry.” he whispered between kisses.
Steve gently kissed Tony’s tensed shoulder, inhaling the sweet scent for comfort before speaking. “Shh, calm down. You’re not going to lose us. We wouldn’t leave you for something like this.”
Steve bent down, his mouth aiming for Tony’s sensitive neck, lips trailing soft skin in butterfly kisses before latching on with teeth, his tongue coming out to sooth the bites. His hand trailed down Tony’s chest, fingers stopping at perked nipples, lightly prodding and gently pinching.
“Ask Tony what?” Both men looked over at the door, finding the object of their conversation staring at them in confusion.
“Bucky you need to calm down.” Steve tried, hands tugging at his hair. “I know it’s frustrating but maybe he needs more time.”
Taking several deep breaths he finally started speaking, not looking at his boyfriends. “Ever since I hit puberty, I haven’t been able to...cum. I try, I sleep with people, try jacking off but I just keep rubbing and stroking and it gets to the point of pain and that edge is still out of reach. The one time I did it hurt so much because I had been rubbing for so long and stimulating my hole with toys so much that I figured it wasn’t worth it to try.
Blinking down at Bucky, Tony honestly didn’t know how to respond to that statement.
“That’s it baby,” Steve encouraged, scooping what was left of his cum into Tony’s mouth. “You just let Bucky milk that cum right out of you. You like feeling that pressure against your sweet spot? You enjoy that pressure, building and building inside you, pushing you closer and closer to the edge of orgasm? You can let go baby, let go whenever you like. Let go and know we will be here, we will catch you honey. Let go for us.”
Steve pressed his lips against Tony, swallowing his gasping scream as he finally fell over the edge of pleasure when Bucky scraped his teeth against his swollen balls, the sharp twinge of pain and milking finally helping Tony let go.
“We both are unable to be satisfied easily.” Steve hedged, face flushing even more.
Tony glanced away, suddenly looking uncomfortable. “Tony?” Steve questioned, noticing the change in demeanor. “Honey? If you’re just not comfortable with sleeping with us we can understand. But please, just tell us, these mixed signals are hurting all of us I think.”
“Think you can make me forget about anyone but you?” Tony questioned, eyes twinkling mischievously.
Steve bent down, his lips closing around one of Tony’s nipples to suckle at it while his other hand came up to pinch at the other nub. He felt his orgasm approaching, biting down at the nipple in his mouth much to Tony’s pleasure. Steve thrust deep into Tony, pressing the head of his cock to Tony’s prostate as he came, his cum shooting directly on Tony’s spot, sending shockwaves of pleasure through Tony.
Tony’s twitching body and shaking sobs clued them in that his pleasure was starting to cross the line into pain. Bucky moved his finger out of Tony’s swollen hole, watching the cum slowly dripping out before moving up Tony’s body, pressing their lips together. Steve pulled away to go grab a wet washcloth, bringing it back to run over Tony and Bucky, cleaning them both up.
Bucky on the other hand went back to occupying Tony’s mouth, his metal hand latching onto the other nipple, pinching and pulling with no hint of gentleness. Tony groaned at the different sensations the two caused in him, the gentle and rough contrasting with the heat of Steve’s fingers and coldness of Bucky’s. He thrust his chest up unconsciously, silently pleading for more.
Tony stared at him, not moving for a minute before moving closer, gently prying Steve’s hands from his face. “You’re right. I have thought about it before.”
Tony’s grip tightened on Steve’s face as he kept talking. “Listen to me, I’m trying to explain why I answered so quickly. You want to know why I answered so quickly and why I’ve thought of celebrities I would sleep with. That first guy whose name I told you, Chris Pine? That was the only celebrity whose eyes came close to your eye color. Do you know how many eyes I stared at both men and women to find one that’s close to yours? And still it’s nowhere close to yours!”
“Please,” Tony begged, eyes meeting glue grey ones. “Please Bucky—S-Steve, it-it hurts now. Please-I can’t—”
After quickly stripping off his own clothing, Steve circled behind Bucky to help him take off his own. He left Bucky’s shirt for last, forcing the kiss to finally break. He and Bucky gently prodded Tony to lay on the bed, each taking a side so that Tony was sandwiched in the middle between them.
He sat at one of the tables dispersed around the room of a club the Avengers often played at. The auditions had started at noon and once everyone had registered, they'd all been ushered into the room. The room contained all the Avengers band members sitting at a long table facing the stage. Once everyone had been ushered in, their manager, a man named Phil Coulson, had given a brief introduction and explained the process.
Nat was suddenly there, and helped him stay upright before he had crashed to the ground. Tony saw as she waved Steve off from assisting; which left Steve to just stand there in an awkward stance. Tony had the odd thought that he looked awfully like an adorably lost puppy.
“Tony, I—I’ve loved you for a while now, I can’t believe all this time you’ve felt the same way. This is just—”  Steve didn’t get to finish because Tony was pulling back and cutting him off.
Looked like Steve was finally going to give Tony what he wanted. He put their earlier conversation behind him, he didn't want to think of Steve's betrayal right now. Right now he needed -
"Who?"
He valued what he had been taught here. Now it was time to apply his learnings.
Latching on Steve made quick work of reducing Tony to an absolute mess, and the feeling brought him over the edge as he came with a shout.
It had taken Steve a handful of days over the course of a fortnight to complete the painting, and by then he was actually a bit sad to see their time coming to an end.
Normally, Steve would never have accepted; he had heard enough stories from his fellow art colleagues to know about what really happens at private jobs for commissioned portraits, for him to ever consider doing one himself. But he'd been a little down on his luck in terms of jobs lately and with the looming threat of due rent, well it was all too easy to get him on board when the job also came with Natasha's vote of confidence for the select individual.
Although to be honest, Steve didn't think Tony was quite used to commissioning them either.
His first meeting with Tony hadn't gone at all how he had expected. For one thing, he hadn't at all expected someone so young. The cash alone was a significant amount and it might have been a little naive on Steve's part, but from where he came people that young didn't have cash like that. And they most certainly didn't use it to commission nude portraits of themselves.
"And since it's time travel there's not really a need for you to rush on back." Bruce added.
Something white then caught the corner of his eye, as it rolled off the table. Tony tried to reach for it but Steve’s quick reflexes allowed him to catch the ball just before it hit the floor.
“Ya Cap, it was a minor malfunction. Damn son of a bitch messed with my arc reactor.” Stark took a swig from his glass, frustration evident as he palmed his chest and continued, “I don’t know how- yet, but it looks like it was diversion tactic for Loki to get the Tesseract.”
The conversation that preceded had been more a raging tennis match than anything else, but it had done its job in planting the idea in Steve’s head.
A man like me, so irresponsible
He would just have to make sure that he didn't fail this time around.
Steve looked up at him then, with sad eyes, and Tony gritted his teeth so that he didn’t fall for any of his old charms and give in. After a moments hesitation though, Steve seemed to come to a decision, and gave Tony a quick nod.
Which is precisely why he'd been avoiding Pepper lately. He knew she more than Rhodey would be on his case about getting out and making friends, and he did not want to bother with any of it.
For split second, Tony had a stray thought of how Steve's beard would feel between his fucked cheeks if Steve were to eat him out, and Tony moaned at the thought.
“Just that. I’m not Loki and I don’t have the luxury to sit down and explain it to you so,” he paused before he extended his hand and to everyone’s surprise and Thor’s astonishment, Mjolnir flied out of Thor’s hand and into Loki- no Steve’s outstretched one, “you best believe me.”
Tony’s lips tightened around the base of Bucky’s cock, not letting him pull out of his mouth. Bucky thrust down that tight throat two more times before holding himself still buried inside of Tony’s mouth and let go, whimpering with every tightening around his sensitive member eachevery time Tony swallowed.
Bucky pulled away from Tony’s balls, staring as cum shot out of Tony’s cock, painting his chest. He didn’t let up on the pressure to his prostate causing Tony’s hips to buck wildly off the bed, gasping for air as tears of relief ran down his cheeks.
“You asked me, verbatim, which celebrities would you pick to sleep with if you could and I responded with three names, now excuse me if I don’t exactly see where I went wrong for you to first get mad then second to now be blaming me for it!” Tony responded, not giving an inch.
“Tobias I’m..” “Don’t, you spoke to much already it’s my turn to speak” Tobias interrupted him and Steve quickly shut his mouth. “Dad has always loved you” he stated which makes Steve widen his eyes in shock, Tobias saw his reaction and continued. “Yeah I guess your surprise huh? He loved you ever since he was a child grandma told so manny stories about you that made him admire you. But as he got older it got developed more than just hero worship” Tobias smiles for a moment thinking back when his grandma told those stories about his dad. But then his smiles flattens when he continued “But after he was assaulted, he started to resent you for time due to my grandfather being more focus on you than him during that time. However he couldn’t resent you forever grandma always saw a look in his eyes when he look at you in a photo, it was the same look she use to do herself when she look at you” Tobias turned to Steve looking at him in the eyes and for a moment Steve thought he was looking a Tony. They both look scarily the same, the fluffy brown hair, the same nose, same mannerism and one very same chocolate eye colour the only difference is the other eye being emerald green. It amazes Steve that Tony kept his son a secret he seems like an amazing kid,he couldn’t blame him though for not telling him after he’s done he hopes maybe one day when all of this is down maybe could spend time getting to know the family side of Tony’s life.
No one bothered them there, they hiked all around the woods and saw amazing wildlife. And when it was dark they both lay on the grass and look up to the star it was beautiful. He miss those day with his mom, and when she got sick they couldn’t go there anymore. But maybe he could go there with his son, they did go there when his little Bambi was just a kid, who knows once Tobias finish college they could go there together to celebrate peacefully.
