If it was for a joke or a dare, it was far too long. A peck should be enough for that, or he’d employ tongue. Except John wouldn’t do that. He knew he wouldn’t.
Of course, it could also be the wardrobe they’d hit but repeatedly? Unlikely. The splintering audible underneath the last crash seemed somewhat conclusive. It was rather loud, which meant that it wouldn’t stand up to much more before it broke, and Sherlock continued his hunt.
Opening the papers up, Sherlock noted vaguely that the violin notes had been put first, instead of the guitar ones, which would make more sense. He scanned the page.
“Well, there goes my planned Christmas gift,” John said, returning to the book he was reading. Ostensibly, anyway, as he wouldn’t only be a few pages further than when Sherlock had left if he had been genuinely engrossed in his reading. “Will socks and candles do instead?”
I know it's a short chapter, I know. But I think it was at least somewhat packed, nevertheless, though that might well just be me, and it was either that or a longer wait. I did consider making Tessa darkhaired, like her real-world namesake but...
Especially as they didn’t make a fuss about it, pointing out how very equal in their treatment they were to make themselves seem progressive. No, this was unflashy and mundane, as natural as to ask whether it was card or cash or whether he’d like a bag with his purchase.
Thankfully, nothing. Well, at least nothing that threatened to cut in and contradict him, though there was a hint of tenseness. Thought that they would have to get physical and was getting ready. He shook his head minutely and, thankfully, the blond caught it and gave a small inclination of his head.
However, he’d lingered in the doorway and glanced back at the figure in the bed, looking…not exactly small, or weak but…and it looked wrong.
“I understand, John.” And despite the slightly snippiness earlier, which was both rather Mycroft and probably hid some genuine anxiety and fear about the state of his brother, there was indeed understanding in that voice. Some warmth, too. “I honestly do.”
Judging by the blond’s confirmation, you might take that as proof it had indeed in fact been the dragon who’d initiated it but that wasn’t iron-clad. It might just be a confirmation that a kiss had taken place and nothing more.
Thank you so very much to all who's still reading and been kind enough to leave supportive feedback. It's been such a tremendous joy and help in pushing on. You are the best.
“Ah.” That was widowing, possibly through murder, though, not divorcing, but they’d split enough hairs as it was.
He cast a meaningful glance at John’s arm. As though he needed reminding; he was going to need tending himself when he could finally pry his wrist from Sherlock’s grip. But it was something he could and would live with.
“I wasn’t going to. I was – hang on, is it…it’s because of the blood, isn’t it?” Something came back to him from earlier at the pool. God, had that really not been longer than that? It felt like ages. “Sherlock was adamant that Moriarty didn’t get access to my blood. Why is blood so important?”
The Beta had tried to pull away as the Alpha had advanced, hands in his pockets, casual as anything. Nobody had stopped him, or so it had seemed, at least, for long enough that he had begun to feel hopeful about his chances of escape.
After all, had you asked Sherlock less than half a year prior, he would’ve given you a similar look, if significantly stronger than it. Perhaps only a few months ago, to be honest, or even shorter.
That he managed that much coherent thought he was somewhat proud of, as the rest of his brain seemed to be melting.
Then again, it was possible that it wasn’t John Sherlock was looking for, that his focus was on the possible dangers and on a lookout for Moriarty. That had to be why he was here, after all, the case and the confrontation with the one who had him so fascinated. Probably hadn’t even clocked that the blond had been kidnapped rather than having merely stormed off, so really, there’d be no reason for him to look for John, here or anywhere else.
The car journey went without incident and without much conversation. John would’ve pointed out landmarks and such – if he’d known them.
John frowned at him, not quite getting at what he meant. No, honestly, he didn’t get what he meant at all. This issue, by which John would think he meant Sherlock’s struggles with retaining control and his subsequent attempts to claim the doctor for his treasure, had actually started with Moriarty.
he loved it so much. Which was also the exact reason why he was going to keep looking at it. Not exclusively, he couldn’t afford that, nor could they, but still closely.
He had a feeling that if he’d been asked less than a week prior – hell, if he’d been asking more than twenty-four hours ago, probably – he would’ve said yes but at the same time, he knew that he would’ve been lying, to the asker and himself.
“John?” he asked, therefore, trying to work out whether he’d missed something. Alright, he was still tired, and his brain had done some long skids into tangents already, but he wouldn’t have missed something crucial, would he?
By the time they landed, John had that feeling you get when you’ve taken a nap you really shouldn’t have taken; he was warm, his head felt heavy and achy, his eyes itched, and his limbs felt leaden.
If he could get Tessa and John out of here on their own, it would be a different matter, of course, and while he’d hardly relish the thought of having to spar with Moriarty, as he might have once upon a time, he would gladly do it if it meant keeping his family safe.
So, he took the hand in his and brought it closer to him, though in reality, seeing as John had a risk of falling over, he was the one to move himself closer. Instead of kissing the hand again or something similar, he brought it close to his chest and wrapped both hands around it, cradling it.
When he didn’t react, however, he still did get a reaction in turn, and it wasn’t quite a positive or even an indifferent one.
Sherlock and John discuss how to deal with Moriarty when Mycroft calls with the information on the paper
Now, though…with nothing to distract him, it certainly did hit him, and brought with it an odd sense of…not exactly disconnect but the feeling that he was only halfway present in his body, a half-measure of disconnect, as it were.
It was also comforting that she was still standing close to them, and that was apart from the fact that one of her hands was still on the Omega’s stomach, even though she’d turned.
He didn’t add ‘so far’ or ‘as far as I can tell’. Sherlock knew those addendums without having John utter them. They were both in the air, unspoken, and was probably for the best that they weren’t. It would change nothing about the current situation.
But if he had to pick, he would more than happily take John not understanding the reasoning but being willing to go through with it all, nevertheless, and then liking and accepting his proposal up here. Especially the accepting.
He couldn’t quite help it; there was some satisfaction in seeing such an indisputable, immediate and, not least, relatively strong a reaction from a comment like that.
John was used to sharing quarters both from his military career and his years in the harem, of course, and that helped, certainly. There was quite a big difference between the two, however, what with one having everyone in one space regardless of their secondary gender and being expected to keep things professional if not exactly chaste and the other being more emotionally close, if not more tight-knit, but where people had a chance to be physically separate, for a given value of separate. There was an equal difference between either of those and living in a relationship, bonded and mated, with someone, just the two of you.
Then it slid further back still and two fingers glided gently over the furled tightness that was his hole. Not pushing inside, just applying the softest of pressures to the nerves there.
Then, surprisingly hesitantly, the Alpha asked, “John, do you ever wish that…that you’d found someone else?”
There was no comment or other sound as he then lifted the left hand a little further and, without so much as glancing up at the other to check his expression – if he did, he would falter or do something he shouldn’t, he knew it, and once was enough for that kind of behaviour – slipped the ring onto the appropriate finger.
No need to apologise, Doctor Watson.” There was no hint of irritation to be found in Mycroft’s voice, despite the situation and his no doubt even busier than normal schedule.
When Friday dawned, Sherlock went about his routine as normal as anything, reading a book through most of his lessons, absorbed in it. Possibly a little forcibly so.
So, doting on her to the very heavens but doing it as much to curry favour in comparison to the other parent, whatever John wanted to believe about them in order to be fair to them, but also doling out punishment severe enough and often enough that this was the immediate reaction to such a relatively mild reaction from the Omega.
Which, given that it was the bonding with John that would bring his unstable condition, and wasn’t that a twee description, under control once and for all – he thought he heard something again and definitely felt the ground shake and he tightened his hold on the leash unconsciously – it would only make sense that it’d try to push its way back in that way.
Because it was the same. It was exactly the same and John was right. He wouldn’t have stood for it at all.
Well, who could blame him? It had been abundantly evident that he was frightened of losing essentially himself to the dragon, for good. No, terrified would be a better word. Seen in that context, John would be, if the shoe had been on the other foot, doing the exact same thing.
Although…would he hide a ring in that? Theoretically possible and there was something traditional and yet just a bit off-beat about doing it that way. Which would fit John, wouldn’t it? Or had Sherlock miscalculated what was considered classic ways to approach proposing, this time of year or otherwise?
“There is one.” As he spoke, he unwrapped himself from the shorter man enough that he could drag him outside. Not that he couldn’t push his way through the roof if he shifted fully into dragon form, but when he couldn’t shift back into a human guise, the likelihood that he could become full dragon was minute, to say the least. In any case, there was still the same issue of time.
No, now he was just being stupid and panicky. If he’d been successful in, in turning John into a, a part of his hoard, then he wouldn’t be acting like this. No matter how ingrained his normal behaviour was in both himself and in Sherlock, it would still fall to the wayside in the face of a dragon’s claiming.
So, glancing as briefly as possible over his shoulder to try and gauge where exactly the brunet’s face was, which consequently meant that he didn’t take in anything beyond that fact, he tightened his grip on the railings and kicked backwards, feeling his shoe connect with something hard and bony, not something yielding. He would’ve thought it to be the jaw, which was certainly not quite as guilt-inducing as hitting him straight in the nose.
Taking a deep, metaphorical breath, he twisted the hand that held the rope twice, bringing more of it round his hand and simultaneously tightening it, the vibrations reverberating throughout it and into the
For a moment, the eyes returned to their normal hetero-chromic, round-pupiled state, recognition rising in turn along with puzzlement.
That in itself was bad enough but then there was the added worry of what else he had lying around the flat that could prove dangerous or even outright lethal to children. He was hardly the tidiest of persons and he had accumulated quite a lot of stuff over the years, for one reason or another.
John grimaced a little as he remembered. They’d been face to face with Moriarty at the time and Moriarty had been the one to out the fact that John was indeed pregnant. Given that –
Through it all, John kept an eye on Sherlock, to see how he fared. It wasn’t that he expected the Alpha to take the other down or anything like that. He just…wanted to make doubly sure. Mostly because he himself was having a hard time, a surprisingly hard time, allowing the officer to as much as touch the teddy, never mind manhandling it.
Well, no, obviously it wasn’t, but he refused to classify it as something as primitive and base as ‘mating’. They were not animals, even if one was a mythical beast on top of it all, they didn’t mate. No, they had extra rituals to make it all civilised and humane, didn’t they?
Then John began to pay proper attention and something dawned; what sounded like idle chitchat about the local community and the area in general was…well, it was that, but it was a bit more than that.
One wouldn’t have thought the human skin could go beyond white in colour but somehow, the man’s skin had gone beyond that into outright transparent. At least, so it seemed.
Still, the voice, when it came out, still bore that icy fire in it. “Noticed that the attempt to claim you goes back far further than anything remotely to do with Moriarty.”
Even so, Sherlock moved himself a little so that he was more effectively blocking, and hopefully shielding, the two people that mattered most to him in the world. He couldn’t shield them entirely, as his instincts clamoured for him to do, but this was enough to at least mean that Moriarty would have to get around him to physically get to the Omega or the little girl.
It was a small chance, and a majorly stupid one at that, because Moriarty was anything but. He was cunning and smart, and he was used to being the fox. The spider.
“The list isn’t comprised purely of data acquired from other harems. How many of that dozen coincide with where your harem has been in the time the other Omega, the one she thought she was giving the phone to, has been there? It cannot have been too long.”
He’d woken up some hours later, when the weak almost-morning light had just started to filter through the curtains. John was still asleep, snoring lightly with his face pressed into the pillow, while the rest of his body had lain on its front.
His hand went down to his coat pocket for what was probably the umpteenth time, just that evening, and closed around the box. The very special box. Even though it did have a twin, or a mirrored sibling, at any rate, it was still very much unique and unquestionably special.
So, John slid the hands off his hips, despite the look of protestation, wrapped one arm back around a too-slim waist and gently herded the lanky body towards the bed.
Tessa, for her part, curtsied. At least, she tried to curtsy. She was just four, though, and had probably only seen it done by her mum or in movies without fully understanding, which meant that it was more of a jump where her feet didn’t leave the ground than anything and she lifted the dress more up than out.
The thought that all of this might expose the two brothers to the world, purely because Moriarty had meddled, or at least mostly, that twisted and tore at something deep inside John.
Interestingly, though, Sherlock managed to note as he opened eyes which he hadn’t realised he’d closed...he hadn’t had any thoughts of possessiveness during the kiss or after, either. Nor, he checked, was the dragon otherwise rising back up to the surface, threatening to take control.
They kissed, long and slow and warm. A kiss during which Sherlock decided that it didn’t matter whether John had found a ring as well. Or even that it could end up a giant but glorious mishmash of the both of them trying to propose at the same time.
There was a moment’s pause as it seemed both waited for the other to press the doorbell – they had checked beforehand and the parents should be home, as should Tessa.
There was no response from the dragon, neither verbally nor facially, which was…something to keep an eye on.
John would return home when his anger had quietened, if not to the same embers that always smouldered at the core of his being, then to a slightly higher intensity than that. That could take hours or the rest of the night.
What he was grateful for was both the concentrated contemplation that she didn’t mar with extra, unnecessary platitudes – showing, to his mind, that she had the right focus – and the fact that she kept her focus on the man beside him.
Thinking that it might be Sarah, or possibly Greg, calling him because he couldn’t get hold of Sherlock, with the risk that he might come to Baker Street or even already be on his way, John answered the call. Without checking, because his focus was still mostly split between the door and the bedroom.
Well, insofar as it lasted until Sherlock decided to move the two ends of the pillow that weren’t attached, much like a giant crab claw or the like. It didn’t even seem to be deliberate, but it sent John to start laughing again, even harder than before.
Provided they had one, of course. That he hadn’t irrevocably ruined, endearment or not – John couldn’t be unaware of it, could he?
Perhaps he should’ve just kept it at the box in which the ring rested. Left it on John’s chair or in the tea box or something. Somewhere John was bound to stumble across it in his just-got-home routine. He would then open it and see the ring and…
I am sorry. So sorry. Like with the other fic I just updated, I thought I'd updated this in December and I hadn't and...I didn't mean to leave you hanging. All five of you. It's not even very long.
Frowning, John laid down his pen and turned to face Sherlock more fully on the sofa. “What’s brought this on?”
With a jerk backwards as he then realised what he was thinking, he admonished himself harshly. He had no right to do that. Sherlock couldn’t give consent like this and kissing him on the lips went beyond anything he could conceivably categorise as caring for him as his doctor. That was…that was just not on.
On the outside, he looked calm as anything, as though nothing was the matter and he was just going down to get a pint of milk or something. But then, John often looked entirely calm when he needed to be. When there was a task that needed solving and he was able to slip into what might be termed his soldier part.
“The same sort of mechanism that governs taste for humans. You don’t know why you favour one style over another, one view instead of another of equal measure, beside that you know you find it pleasing. Neither do we choose what assuages the craving.”
He was sore, he was tired, he’d had enough information and action, of the unpleasant and horrifying kind rather than the exhilarating one he usually saw when he was around Sherlock, to make anybody’s head spin.
I know it's not that long a chapter and it's talking but it's not been quite as long this time since the last chapter and it's the start of the explanation, so hopefully that helps. A bit? Or not as they got rather waylaid, didn't they?
Mycroft appeared to be in his beginning to mid-forties, however much that counted for when it came to dragons, and he’d spent most of that time in Whitehall, ostensibly as a civil servant. There might be perks and a good salary, but John didn’t envy them the amount of work and stress they were under.
The brunet regarded him for a few moments and while it wasn’t true to say he seemed to have recovered, he’d at least regained some footing.
I know, another phone conversation. I don't mean to be repetitive and I hope that some of it was at least somewhat interesting. I am going somewhere, though, I promise. I do feel rather drained after writing, though...sorry.
daughter is in possible but very real danger from whoever has given you that paper and that what we might find will not be her at all!”
“For making you wait…for not telling you anything about my family. Well, apart from my sister and her messed up love life, of course. But if you wanted anecdotes and funny stories, I’m sorry for not providing any – “
That in itself didn’t bother him. If he shouldn’t call in favours when it concerned his marriage proposal, then when should he? It wasn’t as though they knew he was entirely serious or would rat him out to John.
Hell, the mere fact that they could evidently shift partially between them seemed proof enough of that…and that was a mental image he really could do without, human body parts attached an otherwise mostly draconian body.
Moran nevertheless regained himself enough to snarl as well as retaliate. He lunged for her as she rose out of the chair with another ear-splitting, soul-destroying scream. Sherlock found himself wishing as fervently as he could that she manage to duck or otherwise get out of it.
“I know you’re in control. You’ve just showed me – your eyes didn’t at any point change to that greenish white. While you were in your Mind Palace it did, yes, but not while you concentrated. I made sure.”
Of course, it wasn’t a given that he would still have anything to do with it. That what they’d found or been given could be things that meant he’d had an association with, with Tessa but no longer did or even just the organisation itself, which they knew. It didn’t have to mean that he was still an active part.
Grimacing once more, he tried to tug his hands away, hard, but John held on, even as the claws dug into his flesh once again.
“Mmh. Decidedly before noon, judging by the angle of the light when taking the time of year and the amount of cloud cover over – “
If only that had come about an hour earlier, huh? Then again, Mycroft was probably making a concerted effort, tired and worried as he was himself, to make what hid behind the words as clear as he possibly could without making them outright text. That was something that Sherlock didn’t bother with at the best of times, or he’d never learned to consider it.
Perhaps that wasn’t surprising. To anyone else, it wouldn’t be. He knew that it wouldn’t. To Sherlock, however, it was…it wasn’t as though bodies were uncommon occurrences, no matter what state they were in.
“No? You sure could’ve fooled me.” The doctor paused, trying to think. “Would it…would it be an idea to perhaps open the box, then shake one out into your palm so that you keep some of it?”
His automatic analysis of the facts surrounding him came crashing down in the siren’s wail that was his mind realising what was going on, freezing him on the spot; John was kissing him.
Annoyed, and vaguely wondering why of all times, today seemed the day everybody felt suddenly okay with touching him without permission, he turned around, glaring and opening his mouth for an insult.
He shoved at the consulting detective hard and Sherlock took the hint. Reluctantly letting go of the hand he still held, he began to move towards the upper parts of the palace.
It looked as though Moriarty was perfectly aware of what Sherlock wanted to do to him and also that he couldn’t do it as things stood. That was what the slight, pursed quirk of lips and the eyebrows raised in challenge suggested, at least, and the glint in dark brown eyes cemented it.
They did need to be ready for what was to happen today, after all. At least as ready as it was possible for them to be.
If you looked beneath that layer, though, thee were a whole puzzle ball’s worth of layers of other instances of jealousy, of one sort or another. Even before he’d acknowledged, or started to refuse acknowledging, at any rate, that his feelings for John were…there were layers, by the look and, when he picked it up, the feel of it.
His frown must’ve deepened, and his slight panic must have shown through because John’s expression lightened a little in turn. “Point is that you’re like Marmite.”
There would be no reason to but then, when had that ever stopped a type like that? Breathe the wrong way, or breathe at all, and that’d be all the excuse they’d need.
Well, perhaps just a little bit. He’d hoped, at least in some small, romantic and undoubtedly silly part of his mind and his heart, that it would be a case of them both recognising the other’s scent the moment they smelled it and then that would’ve been that.
truly a major achievement. A life-shaping one, as a matter of fact. He would be entitled to feeling pleased with himself.
It was becoming one of the Alpha’s favourite smiles in a whole roster of categorised smiles from the former soldier.
“So I take it that the answer’s yes, then?” Sherlock said, with a cocky smirk that was about as deep as the membrane of a soap bubble and as easily popped.
“Oh, Sherlock. I’m hurt,” Moriarty replied, sounding theatrically so. “And here I thought we had something special together. I mean, besides little Johnny-boy here.”
It would be better to be prepared for the time they’d be done with the practice and the performance, and they’d have no more reason to see each other.
That – and it didn’t escape him either that though the slight possessiveness showed its face yet again, it was rooted in him as a person rather than him as a gender – not only lifted a stone from John’s strangely heavy heart but made him smile.
They were things, to be used, abused and discarded. Unless you wanted one of them for your personal, exclusive plaything, of course.
“Sherlock?” he asked, his voice soft but encouraging, moving close enough that there would be no question of the other ‘man’ being able to hear him if he could. “Sherlock, can you…can you hear me?”
“Yeah, ta for that. Like I need reminding. The bloody loon called me earlier and made that point rather clear, didn’t he? What I
To give him such a, a smorgasbord of information as a service record to work with…he probably knew just how many buttons John had had to sew back on his uniform, apart from all the things that were actually mentioned in there.
His arms wrapped around Sherlock entirely on their own, not that he was in any disagreement with them, and, despite the fact that neither had undressed properly at this point, let himself fall down on the bed, using his weight to pull the other with him.
Btw, if that whole fandom-removal thing is put in motion by the EU, then...well, I'm buggered, really, as far as fandom goes. Just a heads up, really.
John certainly had good reflexes and no qualms about punching Sherlock or similar if that was what it took.
He’d only taken little over half the money with him – it wouldn’t prevent mugging whatever he did but you didn’t need to tempt it – but it still left him with a freedom he didn’t remember feeling for a very long time.
He shifted, still wrapped in Sherlock, so that he, presumably, would end up somewhat underneath long appendages, supporting the taller man as they made their way out. It would certainly fit with John behaviour.
Whatever the reason behind it, there was no questioning that expression, or the fact that though he was moving carefully, there was a tension in his muscles that indicated he wanted to move at a much faster pace but was restraining himself.
Then John was grabbed on each side of his face and quite frankly snogged. Thoroughly. More importantly, as they kissed, that relief seemed to spread from Sherlock and into John.
Did it mean that Sherlock would be able, let alone ready, to deal with the fury if and when it came? Probably not or at least not as much as he ought to be, considering. He would deal with it, though, one way or another. If that was what John needed, that was what he would do.
Of course, the real test came when he had to navigate back home but honestly, how hard could it be to locate Baker Street? It had a tube station and everything. Or he’d buy a map and go from there.
There was no repeat of the sound, but the eyelids fluttered minutely again and this time, he did catch it. It wasn’t enough that they looked like they were about to open but the type of flutter that happens when people dream. Nevertheless, it was enough to make his heart thump just a smidgeon faster.
That was…not surprising, when he thought about it, but it did prove that he had indeed made the right decision. Not just to trust John and himself and to get this over with and under control as soon as possible, crucial though that was, but to have pushed away
Not much imagination, if any, was needed to picture those teeth parting further just before they struck, either tearing the former soldier’s throat apart or breaking his neck, and it wasn’t at all because he’d seen a similar maw open.
“I do, and for your restraint.” A small lifting of the eyebrows and an equally minute tilting of his head in the direction of the street gave John the needed clues to piece it together.
Her eyes looked from him over to approximately where Sherlock stood, given her lack of movement, then back at him, question in them.
What he didn’t expect was another quirk of lips from Mycroft, this time strong enough that it might actually qualify as a proper smile, if it continued to eat its vegetables.
Was that the case here? Sherlock deeply wanted to have a wedding – or possibly a bonding ceremony but most likely a wedding, given the phrasing – but hadn’t allowed that up high enough in his mind for it to become a thought. At least not until it stealthily made its way up like this.
By the end, they had rigged up something like their own murder investigation, with the pieces from Cluedo, Ludo and some debris from around the flat, where Sherlock ended up playing his own murder victim but where only John had the crucial clues.
As quickly as possible, he changed, slipping John’s watch into his pocket on the off-chance it’d help him. All things considered, it was highly improbably, to say the least, but it wouldn’t hurt.
Not only did it fit in terms of size and proportions to the rest of the finger and hand, as Sherlock had known it would without needing to physically measure a thing, but it fit in materials and style as well, if he did say it himself. Which he did.
That was another aspect that sent him slightly off-kilter; the amount of people’s scent everywhere. It wasn’t just the scent of the people around him then and there but also what stayed behind after people had moved on. They were never outright strong and rarely lingered for more than a few hours but in a city like London, that olfactory cacophony was ever-present, overlaying and shifting rather than fading and strengthening.
“You are not weak or any of the other pejoratives you have unfairly associated with a ‘traditional’ Omega,” Sherlock said, a slight snap in his voice that he couldn’t prevent. But while John did blink at it, he didn’t otherwise rise to it, even though it would undoubtedly have hit home.
He’d thought that he’d be able to recognise her scent anywhere, no matter that she’d been in his arms for so short a time, and he was right. There could be no doubt.
The claws had punctured his skin at last when the dragon had woken up and taken over, and the struggles only served to push them deeper. Blood oozed from them, stoppered somewhat by the claws still embedded in them but still seeping thick liquid continuously, staining the pillow and bedsheets underneath him a slowly darkening red.
Not that they were going to pass themselves off as French or anything, that would just be stupid. They would still be very obviously English, and not merely because of their documents. At least, John would be.
Which held even more weight for him because if he did it, it wouldn’t merely reflect badly on him, which would be frustrating but something he could live with. It would do so on Sherlock, too, and given that he was a well-known detective, though perhaps not the one most widely beloved by the general public, it seemed, he could bring him in into trouble by doing it.
Sherlock, who hadn’t been quite as prepared as he thought he’d been, felt his heart sink a little further with each read word.
He didn’t say anything out loud, though. Instead, he chose to lift the hand that he hadn’t let go of up so that the other could see it.
. I don’t want to get it over with, it has nothing to do with you being a dragon nor do I want it merely because it keeps me safe from Moriarty. That means I don’t want a quick hand-job or something perfunctory. And I certainly don’t want it when you’re in no fit state, either physically or mentally.”
He attached the knife to his belt while Sherlock left, to return holding John’s new jacket, which he then helped him put on by holding it out for him. He didn’t attempt to zip it up or close the buttons, though, but he did tug at it once it was closed, to ensure that it would indeed conceal the blade.
"Hang on, how the hell would you know that he was a most trusted one?” John asked, sounding significantly calmer than when Sherlock had returned, something that had grown in the last few comments, but then again, this was sorting out the practical, as it were, that would always be easier for him. Well, John, wasn’t alone in that, was he? “Have you met him?”
However, it had still been a relatively safe trip, for him. What he had essentially done was say yes. Agreed to what John proposed, through gifts, admittedly, but even so. It was taking a step out onto the ice when someone else had already gone out there and was holding out their hand, ready for him to grasp it, should he choose to.
That got the blond to look back at him fully, disbelief, interest, and amusement twinkling in his eyes. “You what? Not really?”
Shaking his head to try and clear it and focus on the problem at hand, he said, “I need to know how we can move forward, as just us as much as a couple, without Sherlock feeling as though he has to keep a complete lock-down on his dragon side. I know he always has a leash on everything but not…I don’t – “
John checked again, mentally noting the implication that apart from him, very few Omegas stayed long in the harems. He didn’t know what to do with that implication, so he focused on the number.
“With all due respect,” and here he very firmly ignored the small snort coming from the other side of him, “considering who is setting next to me and who’s just made that statement, I don’t give much for whatever my ‘records’ say at the moment. You could make it say bloody well anything and nobody would as much as bat an eyelid.”
It would of course only be when he made it all the way back to the surface, as it were, that he could say with certainty that they were out but just the amount that he managed to make them withdraw, almost recoil, that was enough for him to gain some much needed headspace.
Besides, he couldn’t exactly say that he’d been treated badly by that particular trait, could he? Not that he’d witnessed it being unleashed properly, he suspected, yet either, but he’d been told a thing or two by Mycroft before he’d been discharged from the hospital.
The notion that he might’ve lost John before he got to say it to his face was brutally shot down with frustrated annoyance at how it managed to resurface over and over again, no matter what he did. At least he recognised it almost immediately and consequently didn’t allow it to sprout now, though that was meagre comfort at the moment.
This was large enough to get the job done and that was it. That in turn meant that it was feasible for him to carry it comfortably. Moreover, with a bit of careful positioning, the jacket he’d gotten ought to be just about able to reach down past it.
Wasn’t he just being exceedingly selfish, then justifying it through…more or less any means available to him?
It wasn’t a carbon copy of the singer he’d heard on the recording. Of course, he followed the melody as he should, but apart from that and the same heartfelt tone inherent in the piece, it was entirely John’s own.
Yes. There was nothing he wanted more than to have this man be his but more importantly, have him know just how seriously Sherlock meant this.
Why did he add that last bit? What did he mean by it? Did he mean anything? He wasn’t sure on either. At all, which was frustrating.
“I’m…not so sure. What Moriarty did ought to have been out of your system when you woke up – that was why you woke up at all. Nothing we did until then had any effect. But when you did wake up, you weren’t…” He trailed off.
‘Why is that funny? Seriously, though, I’d like to, but I keep getting glares from our teacher, and I don’t want my phone confiscated. I’ll write you after classes finish, okay?’
John frowned, not quite believing what he was seeing. The banality of it, relatively speaking. “Gold? You were gone for that long to find something that can be purchased in any jeweller in the city? Hell, I think we have some in the flat, if that was all you needed.”
in love you with you, yes, and I’ll say it as many times as you need for it to sink in and stay in there. Or not, if that’s what you’d prefer.”
The point was that John should take it up with the man in front of him rather than speculate and spin thoughts out.
Well, so much for feeling a little bit better about things. He had, but he didn’t give much for it if this was the trade-off.
But not only that; John would have, if he had indeed been bred by the Irishman, told Sherlock. Without a doubt, he would have, quite apart from the probable likelihood that John’s reaction to the two of them meeting Moriarty back in the harem would have been more mixed or at the very least, more visceral. Not that it had been exactly mild, to say the least, but even so, he would have expected…more.
They might have a literal deadline hanging over their heads in Moriarty’s desire for another plaything but that didn’t excuse much, if anything.
Thankfully, the x-ray showed that there were pellets and fluff inside, and though a particularly officious officer might have argued that the pellets could be drugs, too, and it even looked like that as well, someone else stepped into put a hand on the other’s shoulder and shake their head.
One with a more equal footing and a greater flexibility and give-and-take than most couples could probably boast. Possibly that even included the Beta-couples, who were otherwise widely regarded to have the most stable and equal relationship among the entire human population. As ‘stable’ and ‘equal’ wasn’t terribly exciting and didn’t make for any kind of good drama, at least according to the people who created media and thereby helped to form the general opinion on a sometimes worrying scale and magnitude, in the populace at large, they were still considered the lesser of the three secondary genders.
“I…I didn’t mean…” he faltered and paused, closing his eyes briefly before trying again, with determination. “I want you to work, John, if that’s what
That knowledge alone sent a wave of relief through John. He turned his gaze back down to watch what was left.
The first was the hand Sherlock held, where she leaned in and inhaled, first a small sniff and then a deeper inhalation, snuffling just a little bit as she did so.
Normally, of course, he would have little to no problem keeping all the mental trains going without them crashing into each other. He would even be capable of handling more without a problem, but this was not before nor was it normal.
The question of whether John would want to, that was another one entirely and he wasn’t as certain he could answer that. If he was asked by someone else, then he would’ve said, of course he would want to. But within the safety of his mind, without the need for walls, he wasn’t as sure.
That was the kind of mindset that he’d seen over and over again, which fed into Alpha posturing and other shitty macho behaviour, which in turn fed into the unreality and on and on.
He evidently didn’t expect what Sherlock said next, however, as it wasn’t a congratulations or a well-done.
When Mycroft did step through the door, not long after that, on his own, it was to find both residents of 221B lying in the same bed. That was one thing, what made him raise an eyebrow. What made his heart beat a little faster in hope was that, although Sherlock was still apparently as motionless as before he’d left, he was no longer lying entirely as he had when his brother had left.
Even so, he tried to will his fingers to move faster. They were almost there; the bonds, which had gone over and across the vest at certain places, were gone and he was working on the vest itself.
Because even if it didn’t have much significance, it was still something of his, not Sherlock’s. Not even theirs, in the sense of things that were part of the flat and therefore sort of belonged to them both. It was purely John’s and the twerp had no bleeding right.
Friend? Did that still apply? He’d said that he still trusted Sherlock, and he did, but did it still stretch to that? It wasn’t a question of what Sherlock’s feelings were on the matter, as John had always known it was an imbalanced street between them in that regard, aside from this whole dragon business.
No, that wasn’t quite right. It had snuck up on him, slowly, carefully, dodging behind doors in his Mind Palace whenever he tried to get a focus on it, until it was right up close and acting as though it had always been there.
“Sherlock, you’re tired. We had a case before all of this, and you’ve put your body through the ringer both before and during it. You need some kip.”
Actually, to be perfectly honest, it would not only be obstinate but downright idiotic to assume anything else, really.
It was a ludicrous thought and normally, he wouldn’t even have given it quarter, any quarter at all, but with everything else, it had managed to get in and now it refused to budge from where it had got stuck.
He reached up as best he could with the height difference and smoothed his hand over the other’s temple and somewhat through his hair. The Alpha leaned immediately into it.
“You said we couldn’t,” John said, voice just ever so slightly laced with tiredness now. It was also vague but that had more to do with his face being halfway buried in Sherlock’s bare collarbone. “
“He told me he had no intention of breeding himself,” John said as he recalled, “so he can’t have been that keen.”
That he didn’t have it on his person regardless of clothes, John put down to nothing more than ‘claimed’ being recognised by other human beings within personal space rather than clutching it to your chest at all times. It would still be seen as claimed, as it was in his coat pocket.
Nor would it take away the fact that he, Sherlock, would be the one to propose. Would be willing, and seen to be willing, to take that further step into the relationship and its commitments.
“Yeah, well, I suppose I just needed something to make it more concrete for me. Now come here, you.”
in his charges, beyond what anybody would expect and, quite frankly, want. This interest included Sherlock, too, despite that he’d vehemently resisted, with whatever means he had.
An image flashed by in his mind; of Mycroft, in his three-piece suit, not a hair out of place or a crease in his jacket, walking around an exhibit or even an open field, a small hand firmly held in each of his and a small chin resting on his head while chubby legs wrapped around his neck and hands splayed on his forehead. All three little terrors listening intently as he explained something or other.
John snorted lightly then smiled. Even he could hear there was no intended judgment in that tone. “Yeah, something like that. It doesn’t need to be something fancy that wraps up pretty or look nice on the drawer but – “
An eyebrow rose at that. “You say that as though the name is supposed to mean something to me. Why should I recognise some old man who glowered and bumbled his way through an obvious case like that, getting distracted by the Alpha woman he met and chased along the way?”
For a fleeting moment, John had the horrible thought that he was about to be gutted right there and then. Then the idea that the man, dragon,
He sounded decisive and confident on the surface, but John thought he detected just the slight hint of trying to convince himself.
Of course, the fact that they were now back at 221B, home and safe, was more than likely also a significant factor. Though he didn’t know it, John was almost certain to have picked up on the nature of the flat as a dragon’s lair and, having been invited in by said dragon, felt some of the same connection and security, even if he didn’t have any investment in the collected treasures.
And in the meantime, John would, even willing that everything otherwise worked out to the best, be expected to carry the brunt of the work of the relationship for fear that Sherlock would regress somehow.
But he was changing that! Or he would, starting with this proposal. He’d show John that he was just as invested in this relationship as the doctor was and wanted to make it…make it into old age with him. That he wouldn’t grow tired of him and could be thoughtful, too. Take the wheel, to stay within Mycroft’s surprisingly colourful idiom, of the relationship.
So many people were worried about whether being in a relationship or, more usually, being bonded would change them, and he could only be grateful that his change had been for the better.
Contrary to John’s initial beliefs, Sherlock had come to his rescue, had done everything possible to protect him, in fact, against both the snipers and Moriarty himself. It had been his primary if not only concern, to keep John safe and unharmed and he’d gotten hurt in the process, willingly.
He had made sure to buy something else, too, so that both Mycroft and John would think that he’d been in there for something else. Which he had, admittedly, as that was what he’d gone in for, but they wouldn’t suspect that he’d done both. Especially not John.
John stared at the Irishman, not quite believing what he’d heard. Give him back? What the hell did he mean ‘give him back’? And there was that word again, ‘possession’. He wasn’t anybody’s possession, let alone Sherlock’s.
I'm sorry I didn't get another chapter out before the end of the year and actually took this long. December was...a stressful month and facing writing something that tore at me like this ended up doing for whatever reason was difficult. I did manage it at last, though, and I'll try my very best to get the next chapter out sooner.
The maw opened but before anything could come out – John had the distinct feeling that it was roughly a fifty-fifty chance at any given moment whether it would be words or something altogether more lethal, if not more dangerous, coming out of that mouth – the sound of an incoming text could be heard, and it didn’t come from John’s phone.
John blinked. Then he huffed, which turned into a smile. “Of course, it is, you idiot. As often as you want to.”
After all, it was such an integral part of him, so difficult to deny and had featured in so much of his life, from seeking validation and adoration through companionship from his peers in primary school, to the thirst for knowledge that had consumed both primary and secondary school, and to a lesser extent, beyond into his adult life, not to mention the rest of it.
“Sherlock?” he asked again, aware of all the times he’d called that previously and hoping that perhaps this time, it would get through. Fully. Truly.
However, they would be dependent on him, for a long time if not always to some extent, and when he’d ‘chosen’ to become a parent, at least in the sense that he’d chosen to keep the embryos, he’d chosen to set them first as much as possible. This responsibility didn’t only start when they were born, either, did it?
He felt himself shrinking, fading slowly away as the dragon grew more solid, seemed to stretch itself larger all across the areas it occupied. If this carried on, he would, in fact, end up –
“Tell me to appreciate the bond mate I have, apparently, because he’s a good Alpha. As though I need to be told that.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue but John ploughed on before he could. “Nor does it say anything about the fact that I’ve wanted you for quite a while now. Okay, so maybe not exactly from the moment we met but it wasn’t that far off, actually.”
Alright, more than a tiny bit, admittedly, because they were meant to showcase that Sherlock had been paying attention, not just in the last year but throughout their acquaintance, so to speak, and had let it have space in his memory throughout that time as well.
That she clearly did understand him and was able to answer, for an admittedly given value of answering, gave him some hope. It was modulated and somewhat frail, but it was there. It was born of the knowledge that within the first few hours, it was difficult and fraught with inaccuracy at this state to judge the state people were in, in cases like this, and the fact that even so, even at this early point, her mind was working well enough for her to speak understandable sentences, if somewhat short and simplistic, rather than mostly gibberish.
To give the consulting criminal as few indications of their intentions as possible, or even just any information that he didn’t have to glean himself, was their best, if not their only bet on achieving what they had set out to do.
Sherlock, who had expected himself to bridle at the mention of Mycroft but more than that the suggestion that there was something he wasn’t to be told, apparently for stupid reasons, found himself nodding instead. Nodding and squeezing the hand still in his.
At the same time, did anything even happen? ...does anyone want to swap brains with me? I need a non-broken one (genuinely).
Saying that, though, there’d also twice been an insistence that he’d make it up to him, too. That was indication that he was aware Sherlock would be affected by it, though not necessarily that he’d been hurt by it. There was no real reason to think that, was there?
One who tried to be better, throughout this whole endeavour, than he had been, and that wasn’t even going into what it appeared he was willing to sacrifice in order to make sure that no harm came to John again.
The words were spoken calmly enough, with almost a sort of confidence to them. Strip that surface confidence away, though, and the calmness became more something resembling uncertainty.
John thought he might be what? Asexual? Not in so many words but in his own clumsy way of describing it, perhaps. Not that Sherlock had read much on the topic, so he wouldn’t know and didn’t want to hypothesise.
They were towards the end of the program. Not the very last act of the evening, thankfully, he didn’t think he could stomach siting through the
If he was going to die, though…he might as well say it. It wasn’t how he’d ever imagined himself revealing it. To be honest, though, if the consulting detective hadn’t worked it out for himself yet, which seemed unlikely given that they’d been living together that long and he had yet to make any sort of comment about it, acerbic or otherwise, John wasn’t at all sure he would’ve revealed it to him at all.
“That’s an entirely different matter,” Sherlock declared, “as that is pure objective fact. As is you having free rein to use whichever object you need for as long as you need.” As he spoke, he pulled his phone from his pocket and held it out to the Omega, his eyebrow raised.
While the doctor got to work brushing as much out of the wounds he could reach as possible – he tried to think of Sherlock’s continued nigh-immobile state as an aid to his work rather than a signifier that something was deeply, deeply wrong and he wasn’t working fast enough to make it right – Mycroft continued his explanation, while at the same time typing on his phone.
The point, however, was that he liked John’s appearance, full stop, and that he thought he looked as good pregnant as he did when he wasn’t. That he liked the curve of him this much almost unquestionably had something to do with his instincts, too, obviously, but perhaps what surprised him was really that it felt like it went beyond that.
“That is not the entirety of the issue,” was all he said in response, as though that alone did away entirely with John’s points. Which it didn’t but it did make the blond’s anger flare up a little again.
Before he had more time to consider it, their front door opened to reveal the elder Holmes, with seemingly no one behind him.
The dragon’s eyes had widened, insofar as that was possible for a reptilian creature, even as the pupils had retracted to the merest line. Sherlock could feel the energy pouring off it as it slowly shifted its head further and shifted its body a little, too.
So it seemed, at least, to the point that even Sherlock’s mind had trouble keeping up with it, let alone his body.
Once it was done, Sherlock caught John’s gaze. One might have expected him to look triumphant or at least pleased with himself in the way that he’d always excelled at. To be fair to him, though, it
There was still no indication that Mycroft was in a fit state to help him, and even if he was, there was no saying whether in this state, the other dragon would bother to think about a potential rival rather than claiming its prize. For that matter, would Mycroft even be considered a rival, seeing as they were brothers? Litter mates? Clutch mates?
A horrible thought crossed his mind, mostly so because of what it reflected of the world; in this state, the risk that she’d end up in the claws of the type of Alpha that frequented the harem was slim to none. They didn’t particularly like damaged goods, after all; though it could be argued that it would make her appealingly docile and easy to control, she wouldn’t be much of a piece of arm-candy and that was as much what they were after as anything.
He thought he spotted that obnoxiously coiffured ginger hair on the outer edges of the seated audience earlier when he’d taken a peak, but it could’ve been someone else’s relative. Though, come to think of it, the combination of hair colour and the coiffured state of it was hardly the most avantgarde trendy thing, was it?
Was this deliberate? Not on Sherlock’s part, but on Moriarty’s? That even if they saved him from the bullet wounds and the bone dust, the whole experience would send that massive brain into a breakdown that would leave only the dragon?
“Mycroft and I,” John said, confirming the other’s assumption. “I…well, maybe you heard and maybe you didn’t, couldn’t actually tell whether you were only pretending to sleep then or not, but I called your brother for advice on how to get on with this.”
What if I had just been presenting a façade to get you to like me? Manipulate you into staying with me, so that I didn’t have to physically claim you?”
The utter cockwaffle arsehat! It wasn’t the first thing of his to go missing where he suspected there was a certain curly-haired culprit to condemn but this was his watch. It had survived his tours in Afghanistan and the subsequent adventures with Sherlock, the berk couldn’t take it just because he felt like it.
For a moment, it looked as though it would be all the comment he would get, with no expression to go with it. It was a long enough moment for Sherlock’s poor abused heart, which sometimes really just wanted to be allowed to crawl back into the pit it had lived in most of the time before John came along, to give a small lurch.
It might be relying on it a bit too much, someone would say. But then again, the people that would say something like that tended to be busybodies. He was a doctor and while he might agree in other circumstances, creating a dependence that wasn’t healthy, he also knew the importance of it in times of crisis.
He trusted Mycroft and Sherlock, though of course not blindly as that would be rather stupid for anyone, and he knew that measures were being taken because the ginger had wanted the harem taken down himself, for more…clandestine reasons that was irrelevant to the circumstances of John and the other residents. In that regard, they weren’t important as people, even if they weren’t quite pawns in a game of chess.
Sherlock stared at John, who stared back with the same somewhat frozen expression on his face. He could hardly believe the absurd banality of the occurrence and a noise not unlike the precursor of a laugh, or possibly a giggle, snuck its way out from his mouth.
John, though closer, was still in the chair, which was closer than he’d initially thought, either that or he’d moved. Far more importantly, he was smiling. A small version of that warm, lopsided smile that did strange but pleasant things to Sherlock’s insides.
Compensating for an actual difficulty, not an imagined or presumed one, and being mindful without overdoing it or being patronising. All done without a word, either.
Not that Sherlock cared one way or another, except when somebody called him Mr. Holmes instead of just Holmes. It reminded him of people calling on his father.
The nervousness was certainly evident in his expression, including the eyes, but nevertheless, he didn’t move or look away.
He didn’t linger but moved further down, kissing his way down until he got to the curve of the belly. Here he halted so he could splay his hands across the expanse of it while he went into a crouch. Then he pressed his face into it gently.
Sherlock had already gone through just why that was nothing but wishful thinking from the partner scorned and so could drop the thought as he would a suggestion from Anderson.
Which was even odder when you considered he’d begun a courtship claim with John, admittedly unconsciously for both parties, but even so, it didn’t compute. Hell, even without the experiences from his youth, he would’ve expected to have to restrain himself when it came to being so close to John, actually touching him like that.
“Are you…Sherlock, were you expecting more children?” he asked gently, cautiously, as though feeling his way across unstable ground that would give away to a great depth. “As in, that I would be pregnant with another one later on?”
What was only slightly easier to judge was the corporeality of the dragon. It wasn’t true to say that it wasn’t there or a vivid optical illusion. That would be hard to claim when you could feel the heat coming off the scaly snout right in front of you, and yet…he wasn’t entirely sure that if he could reach a hand out, it would connect with anything.
Sherlock rose back up to his feet and looked down at his doctor. “I believe I am repeating myself, at least in essence, when I say that you’re allowed to lean on me. That’s what couples do, as far as I’m aware, though I admittedly do not have the most extensive experience in that regard, and not just Alpha-Omega couples. Across the board, I do believe that is part of what is considered a healthy relationship, even if the Alpha-Omega couples have tended towards an unequal balance.”
If he was going to die anyway, and he couldn’t see a scenario in this entire mess that didn’t end with him dead, either physically or at the very least mentally and psychologically, then he owed it to Sherlock to stay and protect him to the very best of his abilities.
Sherlock wasn’t perturbed by the snappish accusation in his partner’s voice. Not when he knew where it came from. “You very obviously needed it, which you know as well as I do, if you stop to think about it without stubbornness and contrariness blocking your path.”
There was nothing else that particularly looked like Moriarty on her, as far as he could see but that was no definite, incontrovertible proof, either, however much that would be nice and comforting to believe.
John wasn’t quite prepared for the reaction that he got from either Moriarty or Sherlock. The anger was still there in Moriarty’s expression, the smile spreading across the Irishman’s face that of an alligator about to swallow you whole, but there was just that hint of the amusement from before mixed with a smidgeon of triumph and…lust?
Something creaked softly, behind him. A foot placed on a door threshold with more give in it than expected by the sound of it.
“Well, that’s a load of utter shite if ever I heard it,” John said from beside him. It came out quite calmly, in that special tone of voice John used when someone thought they could pull one over on him and he was putting them in their place, without having to expend effort.
It was a realisation he’d come to a few days after he’d thought he’d made the final, conclusive decision to abandon it all. He’d resolutely been abstaining from fiddling with the ring in his pocket up until that point – for fear of John discovering it, he’d kept it on him at all times, even after he’d come to the decision not to – but had given in while sitting up at night, unable to sleep.
It was his turn to take the leap that John had, regardless of where it’d lead him. He owed his partner that, just as he owed him to stick to the decision.
“Don’t think I care much right now. God, I had no idea how much I’ve missed something as simple as a good curry.”
Internally, he scolded himself, told himself that he shouldn’t get carried away. Not only was he sure that John didn’t mean it like that, he was merely being kind, there wasn’t any reason for him, Sherlock, to fan the flames of what could develop into a proper crush.
“Whoever told you it was okay to just come barging into whatever home you felt like trespassing in?” he snapped.
“You got the tense wrong. Not was. Is. He’s not stopped being interested in you just because you’re no longer in the harem or are bonded. In fact, that has unquestionably only raised your novelty, as you put it.”
He had rights, and they would make the claim – in court, if need be, though Mycroft had assured him there were other ways and it wouldn’t come to that, which was simultaneously reassuring and gut-churningly chilling in the special kind of way only the machinations of Mycroft seemed able to manage – that she had been taken from him without his consent.
Not only was he in the clutches of a madman, whose clutches turned out to be uncomfortably more literal than he would’ve ever thought, covered in actual explosives that might go off at the whim of said madman, his best friend turned out to be a dragon as well.
Sherlock got there first, and not just because he was the one who had the least way to travel. While he waited, he smoked a cigarette and ran a hand through his hair repeatedly.
Still, though…one might’ve thought he’d make mention at some point of some relative. At least his mum. But there was nothing.
“I only meant that I have no recollection of whether he’s the…the – oh, for fuck’s sake – the father.” The hands tightened their hold again at that, jerkily and with force, before they loosened once more.
Or maybe it was just that the others were all implicit in that one descriptor. That to say more might upset Sherlock more or tip him off and be more likely to send him running after the doctor than fending off Mycroft. Or it might mean nothing at all.
Sorting out the terms of a relationship can be interesting enough. Throw a traumatic experience and a dragon heritage into the mix, not to mention needing to factor in a criminal madman...dragon, and there's an awful lot to sort.
“You aren’t merely influenced by him, though you deny even that much.” Sherlock raised his chin a little higher and raised his eyebrows. “You are dependent on him. Without him, you have no way in, that is true, but that’s not the important bit. The important bit is that without him, you would not have a desire to do this at all.”
“No!” he said to emphasise, tone vehement. Pleading. “No, it’s not. That’s not how it works, and even if it was, I wouldn’t.”
John’s train of thought was broken when Sherlock stepped up and drew him close by wrapping his arms around the small of his back.
Sherlock seemed to appreciate the gesture; his scent grew again, and his tongue came out to lick his lips, a gesture which the Omega couldn’t help but follow with his eyes. He very firmly kept his hands on the phone.
The woman, the other Alpha in the room, looked as though she wanted to say something but although her mouth wasn’t covered with anything, not a word passed her lips.
Just because he’d felt bad in the clothing store and was currently experiencing a stronger version of that – in fact, it wasn’t merely that, but he wasn’t quite ready to admit that to himself just yet – didn’t in any way mean that that was just how it would be and he should accept it.
They ended up assisting each other, a fact that wasn’t lost on Sherlock, small and apparently irrelevant though it seemed, and he couldn’t say he didn’t appreciate the metaphor, at least.
He walked and walked, smiling at the people whose eyes he accidentally met, and he even got a smile or two in return. That wasn’t to say he didn’t get jostled once or twice on a particularly crowded pavement but well, he would probably have been disappointed if he didn’t experience it at least once.
Nothing. Or…the hand shifted its grip. Did it? He wasn’t entirely sure, but it might have, judging from the change in warmth on his wrist, which was admittedly small and hard to keep the focus on, as when he did, it quickly warmed as though it had always stayed there.
“Never mind. But while we’re at thank yous, thank you for the quick save on the email. Why didn’t you just provide me with yours, though? It’d have readily been accepted as viable, seeing as you’re my Alpha.”
He didn’t know how else to describe it. Some of it was the traditional feeling of being sickened by something, which in this case was, well…
Yeah, alright, I get it. More to this than that, though. Don’t need anyone making coos or sniggers or dumb remarks.” He leaned close again. “Just need you here and the knowledge that you did all this for me.”
I have written, I have fought and I am so exhausted I want to throw up. But here it is. All 10k words of it. Christ...
Brown eyes flashed hard and the upper lip pulled into something like a snarl. It was only for the tiniest of moments but even so, it was evident that something was under significant, continuous pressure and had just shown a small crack.
There were fewer metaphorical breadcrumbs laid out than John might have thought but Sherlock seemed to pick up on every single one of them. Of course, that depended on whether you believed there were only those few but again, the Omega trusted his Alpha.
“It would show Moriarty,” he said, eventually, the words coming slowly as though he didn’t quite want to say them. “Prove that I’m not going to sit idly by and allow him to pull me around. Or push.”
Why – because that wasn’t it, either. Or rather, it wasn’t the kidnap and the rest part of it that rankled. Nor had it anything to do with Sherlock being a dragon. What rankled was that without all of this, he might never have known that Sherlock thought very highly of him.
Ignoring the inner voice shouting at him, he brought his fingers to wound and applied just a small bit of pressure to the lump. Oddly, the keening didn’t change at that and he managed to soften it into a malleable and then a half-way liquid state, which he could then gently brush away.
His world had been turned upside down and spun for good measure, and now he had a best friend who was stuck somewhere between dragon and human and was suffering, without him having any clue of how exactly he was suffering or what he could do to help, if anything.
The exact reason why he was shaken might be John or it might Moriarty, the doctor had no idea, but the important point was that it was enough that he’d…slipped up, if you could call it that.
As he did so, his eyes kept darting back to John, though whether that was for reassuring or something else, it was hard, even for Sherlock, to work out.
Glancing back down as he shifted the papers around, he took a closer look at the notes, listening as his eyes scanned them. Though he had no interest in playing the guitar, he could see the melody just fine and he was right. It was indeed that song.
If there had been any doubt left before that this was Tessa, John’s little girl, those doubts were gone in that instant, vanished like a water droplet under the beam of a magnifying glass.
He turned his attention back on the other, noting that the charge, which had lessened a little in the face of Sherlock’s unintended cuteness, had started to build up again.
Or, perhaps it was fairer to say that his anger was no longer directed at his friend because of the aforesaid realisation. He was still angry, yes, but it was directed at the nature of dragons, the circumstances and the events that had sprung from those, and especially Moriarty. Not Sherlock.
“Maybe, but I know that if I ask, I’ll get confirmation of some things and like one or two other things that I really didn’t need to think about.”
“A good observation,” he said, taking a lot of care not to frame it in a way that might be construed as demeaning or patronising. Not just because he didn’t want to tip the balance but because he genuinely thought it good. “And yes, he does.”
Yes, alright, but was he really that keen, that mind-haltingly intent on getting to him that he was willing to run pell-mell through the streets in the vagueish hope that he could locate John just through that.
She asked, rather matter-of-factly, whether they were bonded. Bonded, not married or even a couple, as most children might have phrased it, especially when their adoptive parents were an Alpha and a Beta. No, she used the term ‘bonded’ and, with the obvious caveat of her age, seemed to understand what it meant as well.
“Three? First off, that’s extremely unlikely when I wasn’t in Heat at the time – and I’m not arguing that point with you right now, I know what a real Heat feels like and I haven’t had one of those since…well. The point is, outside of Heat, not happening. Besides, when the hell did you become that intent on children? You were panicking when you first learned about the one!”
“If it’s that good…why are you still holding it instead of administering it as we speak? Or as soon as you came in, really? Or is it that you want me to do it again?”
That wasn’t what he meant, was it? Sherlock was referring not to the birth rate or families moving to the area, but to the children who had been adopted, whether legally or not, or otherwise brought into a new family.
‘Thought you might need some additional help in your little hunt, Mycroft. Especially in light of very recent events. Would be such a shame if you turned up a little too late, wouldn’t it?
How could he hope to get the little box, the contents of which was, it turned out, so very important to Sherlock’s wellbeing, from something, some
John didn’t answer. His smile instead became a sort of grimace for a moment, the self-conscious sort, which didn’t make sense. What on earth did he have to be self-conscious about?
“Did…could Moriarty have done something to the bullets, then? Coated them with silver, drenched them in garlic, that sort of thing?”
Protesting that surely the bite mark itself counted as said evidence, and quite a solid one at that, he was dispassionately informed that unless he had written documentation of said bonding to go with it, it was inadmissible as evidence.
It was relatively late by the time they got to the hospital and all the way through to the solitary room where she was kept under observation. This was not so that doctors could study her, John had made quite certain of that before they’d left, but to monitor her in case any complications or other unforeseen occurrences. The solitary room, which was firmly secured, had been chosen so that no one would smell her Heat and be overcome by instincts or bright ideas.
That was reserved for his bond mate’s expression and, now that he was inside the flat, the scent coming off him. Both of which sent the emotions that he’d been struggling to get under control earlier flaring back up far stronger than the first time.
Surely it wasn’t that without Moriarty’s intervention, none of this would’ve happened? Why on earth would he have
In the end, after several mores tries and a lot of patience, they managed to find a clinic that was willing to take them and within the next day.
“Otherwise I ought to have kept my gob shut, hadn’t I?” John returned, his lips quirking into a small smile. It probably needs a bit more stewing, as it were, but yeah, I’d want more, too. Not ten or something, mind, but yeah. One or two more would be okay. In a few years, mind.”
“Long to stay on the phone if you didn’t care at all.” The voice sounded almost hurt now, in a way that’d probably be believable, if it’d been anyone else. Then it changed, dropping to a hiss. “Do you really think the only thing I’m capable of is bombing people?”
Yet, there was something about that as well that didn’t sit quite right. Something which might have sat wrong before, too, but if it had, he wouldn’t have known one way or the other.
It took him a second or two to realise, before he raised his head entirely, who she was, other than a part of his pack. His family. His…she was his daughter.
Was that it? That seemed rather obvious, though, so could it…well, perhaps in hindsight it did look obvious, but that wasn’t to say it otherwise would.
Which of course made it possible that that was what John was doing, too, and he was merely too deep in denial to realise it.
The only sense in which the plan came first was that he’d designed it so that John would be as…amenable to what he had set up, what he was planning to do up here when the doctor finally got here.
Of course, he wasn’t repulsed by her. Though their bond was new and their time together relatively short, John had already sussed that it wasn’t the ugly parts of life that he had any issues with, it was the interpersonal relation that he was utterly out of his depths with.
Regardless, the timing truly was horrendous; in the middle of first the moment where everything in a case clicked into place, where it was rather buried in the rest of the rocketing thoughts, then back again, refusing to be budged this time, when he was in the middle of a quite simply astounding explanation of what and how this crime had been committed.
Messing with people just for the hell of it was very much part of Moriarty’s modus operandi, Sherlock knew that. A way to stave off the boredom, most likely, something which the consulting detective could relate to, much as he didn’t want to have anything, and something like that in particular, in common with the criminal Alpha Irishman.
Eventually, it dawned on him what the real issue was; the mundanity, the normalcy was to the point of surreal and so his mind filled in possible danger to balance things out. To, in effect, cope with things.
So, what he’d done instead was try and show his bond mate, through actions rather than words to not put anybody’s hackles up, that he was happy with how things were, and being equal didn’t mean John was going to find out he’d made a mistake.
Even then, at the first glance, it might seem innocuous enough; only a woman watching her child playing with another adult while another adult, her husband or not, stood by, content to watch over all of them with his bulk and clear Alpha prowess.
Three weeks isn't too bad, right? Thank you so much to the people who's been kind and understanding about all the thinking and such. <3 Everything, really.
“I do mean that I haven’t been forthcoming about all about the relationship of dragons. In particular, their…that is, our mating claims.”
John was right. He did have the answer, after all. Not just to this, either, but to the fear that he was still holding in his hand.
He got his kiss and then another, for good measure. Then he took one himself, just because he’d gone without for a bit.
“’You’ll do no such thing’ amounts to the same bloody thing, and that was what you actually said, word for word.”
He tried to sit up, surprised at the change in position, but stopped when the wing placed over him curled further around him in an apparent attempt to prevent him from doing so.
They weren’t accusatory or even their normal penetrating version. Sherlock just looked at him, his gaze continuing to be clear and alert but also open and trusting.
At the continued puzzled expression on the doctor’s face, Sherlock clarified. “Not entirely but you’re not…even in Tessa’s room, it was only for a relatively brief period that it slipped away from you, and you weren’t in control of your body and your emotions.”
, for lack of a better word, even though it felt odd to call it that in light of what they were working with, was, while a little overwhelming, also extremely heart warming and reassuring. It brought him some reassurance, if he’d ever been in doubt, that they could work when it wasn’t adrenaline-spiked action, instincts or wonderful sex.
That wasn’t to say it had been the chore that the expression ‘made the effort’ often implied. Quite the opposite but that was beside the point right now.
Seen in that light, it wasn’t hyperbole to use the words, however early in the relationship it was. It was right and it was entirely true. He hoped it would never not be.
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, to push lewd thoughts aside, school himself and at the same time, prepare himself for checking his account for its balance.
Duffy grabbed him by the shoulder, not hard, just enough to prevent him from turning. “That’s not the point, Sherlock. If something’s happened to him, we need to find out what and help him.” He paused. “You didn’t have a row, did you?”
at him over a scaled snout, its nostrils smaller than he would’ve imagined. Horns stood straight up rather than curl and a row of spikes ran the length of its spine, the blackness of them complimenting the burnished dark bronzes and coppers of the scales.
He let the implications of that be up to John to interpret from but judging by the sudden light in his eyes and the way they crinkled at the corners in a smile, he took it to mean that Sherlock had spent a good deal of time between getting the notes and now practising. Which wasn’t…false. He’d certain spent enough time practising that he didn’t need to see the notes to be able to play them but that hadn’t taken as long as it did for others.
He was still in the living room, though he’d moved closer to the windows straight after having hung up on Moriarty.
The curly-haired head lifted slowly, pulling away as it did. The first thing John noticed as he did so was that the horns seemed smaller, which made his heart jump with the possibility that the dragon appendages were finally shrinking away as Sherlock was able to shift back into full human. Well, human-shaped, anyway.
Then he would leave. Leave and never come back. Refuse to have anything to do with Sherlock, no matter what he did or what he offered. He wouldn’t expose them or anything like that, but he’d still back out completely.
Still, he was fidgety. Nervous, honestly, but fidgety was part of that. He had thought John would’ve made it to that point…twenty minutes ago, according to the time, at the very latest and yet, he had not had a single text from the person. She wouldn’t forget.
A jolt shot through the blond beside Sherlock and as the consulting detective watched, the soldier mask fell and behind it, the doctor rose to take over. Not the caregiver, not the Omega. The doctor.
Only a month this time, that's something. I think, and a decent length chapter, too. Here's hoping it was worth waiting for...
“I don’t think it ever bothered me before,” Sherlock confessed. “Not like this, anyway. They’ve always been purely cases. Now I think of those cases and every face morph into…” He paused to grimace. “Which is stupid, and I know it’s stupid, because I haven’t seen her, so I can only superimpose your traits onto a toddler’s face, and that’s not even mentioning how utterly useless remembering them is, in this context or others.”
Sherlock blinked as he surfaced into wakefulness, then blinked again. It took a few more blinks to make sense of what was in front of him, not helped that his mind felt like one great piece of cotton wool.
“A – what?” Of all the things he’d expected to hear, that was about the least. It was said so calmly, too, as though he’d been asked whether they had a knife for carving the Sunday roast.
As he turned his head enough that he could glance up at the other…his friend, he couldn’t help the feeling of whiplash and shifting ground underneath him. Of course, that was partially what he enjoyed about being in Sherlock’s company, the need to be on your toes and ready for a lot of weird things.
“You’re…alright?” was what he asked as the first thing, which was odd on its own, given that clearly John wasn’t, and strange when you added the tentative relief in the baritone voice.
Thrown for another loop, even if he noticed that it was a complete sentence rather than a fragmented confusion, John tried to not let that show when he said, “But you just pleaded with me not to leave. Or was that a lie?”
There would still be issues, of course, same as there was in any relationship, he knew, inexperienced in maintaining those as Sherlock were. But so long as he took care of these core ones, as it were, before they went through with the courtship, watch and all, then he’d close the potential ways in.
Why wasn’t it focused, though? Normally he could focus to the point of excluding just about anything and everything around him and even with all of this, he thought he’d got to a point where he was able to…
“Hello, kettle, I’m pot,” he said. Then he snorted, a small, sharp exhalation, looking down at the two hands that were still joined. “We’re a right pair, aren’t we?”
with him? This was all speculation. Mainly speculation, anyway. He had no concrete, definite clues or deductions. Yes, there were the things he’d thought about previous but that was it. The rest of it was up in the air, and –
He was out of time. To protect himself, to run away. To protect the ones he cared about, because there was a slim chance that Moriarty was actually telling the truth, even if retroactively, as it were. To be his own person. To get a chance to say goodbye.
He paused, pursing his lips in thought. “I think that if you are horrible, Mycroft will do something equally horrible in turn to you, if not worse. For a single Alpha, he’s rather…” He waved a hand, attempting to encompass what he failed to verbally articulate.
Which hadn’t made the discharge from the army easier, of course, with no family to turn to and no friends who were close enough.
There was not even a cry of ‘brilliant’, which seemed most unfair, since if anything was brilliant, then surely, this more than qualified?
“If you don’t trust yourself, feel that you can be trusted, then we won’t even get to the point where I will feel like a chore.”
So, Sherlock raised his chin and strode out of the building, ignoring the policemen entirely and making sure that John was right behind him.
It helped to further solidify his conviction that they would be able to cope, to be not just individuals after this, or even ‘merely’ parents after all of this had been dealt with, but a couple as well.
He’d sent a text to Mycroft when they’d gotten into the cab. This was also from his brother but was unconnected to their children.
The point was that Sherlock could follow Moriarty’s thoughts but only up until a certain point. He had not that unhinged unpredictability, for all that he could be quite childish and swingy, as John might call it, that the Irishman possessed. Once upon a time, he might have had or might have had the potential to have, either or, but that was long ago. He had been someone else, then, in more ways than he was probably aware of.
He honestly had no idea and couldn’t deduce what was meant, either, which frustrated and worried him even further. Despite, or perhaps because of that and the earlier arguments and issues, he did his level best to keep his voice calm and his head clear. As clear as he could get it, at any rate.
When it came time to concrete deal with an issue, though, he seemed to ‘pull himself together’ just fine, without much, if any problem. Sherlock had seen that happening more than once, after all, no matter what state he was otherwise in, and he considered it one of John’s admirable and defining attributes, the ability to roll with whatever was thrown his way and find himself a way out of it.
18karat, which isn’t pure enough for it to fulfil the needed role, even if it was in a large enough quantity to be usable. For another, even if it had been the pure 24karat in a large amount, it wouldn’t have been sufficient. What has taken me this long to procure isn’t merely relatively small lumps of pure gold, which, as you rightly say, is easy enough to find in London with only a bit of effort.”
“You were thinking,” Sherlock said, as though that explained it all. His voice carried relatively well in the silence up this high.
By the time John’s own lips had parted and his tongue met the doctor’s, carefully but enthusiastically, Sherlock had forgotten about his cataloguing, lost in just experiencing kissing John properly for the first time with all his mental faculties with him. Not that he minded. How could he mind?
Sherlock might forego it, because he needed his wits about him – hah – and food slowed him down, but John wasn’t built in the same way. He needed food.
“Do you plan to feed both at the same time?” they asked, and he paused, needing to consider it for a moment.
Interestingly, when his soldier mask had been in place, there had been nothing but the base line of scent from the blond and even then, it hadn’t been as clear as it normally was. The consulting detective didn’t know how he managed to turn that down like a stove on the very lowest simmer, but it would be something to look more closely into.
“Hang on a sec, got to take this,” he said, flashing an, of all things, apologetic smile, as though he was merely being slightly rude to a customer.
John stifled a yawn. “Any particular reason you’re so keen on contacting me at this…well, I don’t even know what time it is, but…”
Sherlock tried to take another step backwards but John, sensing that there was a risk the other was going to turn tail, hah, and flee, reached out quickly and grabbed Sherlock’s wrists, to prevent him from leaving.
Sherlock had made the exact right choice, he’d say, and possibly not just with the box itself, either. A stone fell from his heart without his conscious knowledge.
“I…I don’t know, actually. Think it’s a toss-up. He knew where I was, which seems to be something he needs to know for his dragon side or whatever it is that’s playing up. But at the same time, I was probably a reminder that he needed to be careful and in control still, despite gaining the upper hand, in a very tangible way. No, not probably. Definitely. He didn’t sleep all the time, after all. Don’t know for certain if he wasn’t awake for most of it, honestly, after you called that time.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, sounding genuinely sincere. “That wasn’t…John, I don’t want to go back to how things were. Neither do I want to get sex over with, now or later, if you’ll want to later, as well. I know that was what I said, and it makes sense you’d interpret it the way you did. But I don’t…”
I...wow! Guys, thank you all for such amazing feedback on the last chapter. It was such a wonderful surprise, you're amazing!
That wanted nothing more than to take John and their children and make them his. Whether that was as living but subjected persons or as terrible dead displays was unclear. It didn’t matter, really, because either way they’d suffer.
The dragon’s head had continued to rise slowly up above them, maw opening at an equally slow pace in what may have been a grin or maybe nothing more than a prelude to attempting to swallow them whole – or burn them. Though burning them would have rather little effect, considering where they were. Swallowing them, on the other hand, might not only kickstart the attempt to usurp Sherlock again but actually speed it up.
He felt his throat constricting. Dammit, not now. This wasn’t helpful. He needed to make his point, not get choked up with memories.
“Best tell me while I can still make sense of what you’re saying,” he said and wished he didn’t sound sleepy.
That just didn’t make any sense. Why would John apologise? He had nothing to apologise for, not really.
“Sherlock?” he asked, worried that it had been the wrong thing to say at the wrong time. Not that he doubted Sherlock’s own feelings, of course he didn’t, it was –
He knew his voice was a snap, but he didn’t care. Mycroft had shown genuine tender care for his brother when he’d arrived, had prioritised him over every other thing, and now he had the audacity to utter something like that?
“Oh. Of course,” the member of staff said, their smile surprisingly sincere. “Just give me a moment, sir, I’ll go and find it for you. Do you have any preferences in colours?”
John truly did believe that it was possible Sherlock would die in the attempt to keep himself in check, and he would do whatever it would take to prevent that. To prevent either of the horrible outcomes instead of purely the one that the consulting detective had focused on, as not only the one could happen.
The thought at the back of his mind was cushioned in fondness even as most of his brain was otherwise occupied.
“But…why not just take me, then, if it’s really nothing to do with you? He’s been to several of the locations we’ve been in before we moved back to London, he could’ve easily either bought me or kidnapped me if that was what he wanted, without me having any say in the matter.”
Irrelevant. Utterly and thoroughly irrelevant, now or ever. This was an arranged – and while that was more relevant, it was something to steer away from even faster than the first thought, going dangerously fast just to get away from it. To be sure, because…
That realisation sat like a coal only just pulled out of the fire in Sherlock’s chest, burning a smouldering hole and robbing him of his air.
As though it wasn’t aware already, if not of the individual things then of the potential in general, at least. Whatever else you said about it, this was his dragon.
Well, then, time for his skills of stealth to be put to the test. It definitely wasn’t where he had expected to employ them, and not just because he hadn’t ever considered them much before now. But needs must and all that.
John sighed. Nope. Not a battle, however small, worth fighting right now. “Alright, fine. I was only joking, and I’ll keep it. At least until you’ve got enough sleep and is capable of making proper decisions.”
It was such a small thing. An insignificant thing that represented so much. That changed so much and yet nothing at all. He didn’t want it to be difficult, let alone this difficult. It shouldn’t be so difficult. What was there to make such a big fuss over? He wanted to live as they had, but possibly even better than they had.
So I took a bit to get it out, after all. I'm sorry. I did try but between real life and working on another fic as well, this was the fastest I could get it out.
Not that they were exactly being ogled or stuck out like a couple of sore knots, anything like that, and this wasn’t the larger square with the small market they had passed on the way in, but even so, there was no need to draw more attention to themselves than absolutely necessary.
John would hazard a guess that the one he was actually working for was Moriarty, and not just because he’d said ‘he’ earlier. Of course, the earlier thought that they could be one and the same in this case still applied but the one the man answered to, that would be Moriarty.
When he saw out of the corner of his eye that John indeed had little to no reaction to the Irishman, despite everything that had gone between them, he couldn’t help the sense of pride. Not that he wanted to help it, either.
That and it was the place where there were most of the new and otherwise uncategorised and sorted emotions and reactions to sift through, which would make it the largest and also the most fertile ground.
John understood perfectly fine why he didn’t disclose the whole story; it wasn’t exactly the type of tale you relayed over the afternoon tea, not with harems being now illegal in the country, and the treatment by the general public of their ‘members’, whether current or past, tending towards scorn, moral superiority and contempt. Bringing it up wouldn’t be doing either of them any favours.
He redoubled his efforts to move forward, bolstered by the fact that he didn’t have that much farther to go and that once he moved beyond this place, they wouldn’t be able to follow him. Freed though they were at that moment, they were still a construct of the deepest levels of his mind and could only be brought out of there with his help, the active mind.
Quite a lot, actually, come to think of it, considering how afraid Sherlock had been of sleeping. Of losing control of himself while he slept and doing something to the doctor that he couldn’t take back.
Which…which perhaps was the point? Or at least a part of it? Were they…could it be that they weren’t just being petty and childish for their own sake, but for his?
It really did seem as though something about John was genuinely interesting to Moriarty, even though the doctor couldn’t for the life of him, which was probably a bad phrase in the circumstances, think of what that something could possibly be. Not that he wished to consider it, nor what would happen to him when he ceased to be interesting. Given what he was wearing at that moment, it wasn’t hard to guess, even if he didn’t want to.
He felt quite certain he’d kissed John, though…but it didn’t feel quite right, either. Not that he exactly had a lot of experience with being kissed but what he remembered from that didn’t line up with what he experienced with John.
Sherlock blinked, more than a little thrown by the unexpected compliment. He had been, even back then?
“Please, love, turn around,” came the voice again. The achingly, heart-wrenchingly familiar voice. Sounding…honestly, not as it normally did, but it didn’t…
He paused at that, as though he was waiting for something, but Sherlock, though he had to bite through his tongue in order to achieve it, kept his promise and didn’t interrupt or otherwise take over.
He had to be careful, too, that he wasn’t seen to take too much interest in that particular fire rather than any of the others. John would buy that he could be frustrated by the lack of cases and the banality of the criminal fraternity but there was a line where he’d take a more active interest in Sherlock’s interest.
Frowning a little, in annoyance and certainly not in alarm, Sherlock intensified his search, sifting through the throng of unimportant scents and presences faster and faster to locate the one that he’d grown so accustomed to.
He had to wait for somewhat more than a moment, watching several expressions flit across Sherlock’s face, too fast to pin anything concrete down, but he was proven right when the brunet finally answered.
“Then why are you beating yourself up over it?” Sherlock asked, genuinely mystified as well as rather worried. “Especially when you know that at least for the harem you were at, which is the only one you ever could’ve had any influence over, there are no longer any Omegas or Betas being exploited and there never again will be. You’ll be a large part of ensuring that.”
He could but would that count as disloyal? No, not really. It was something he would need to know, not just for the future but now. If Sherlock was going to continue like that out of fear of letting control slip, be it conscious or not, then John would need some way to deal with it.
“I deserve to get my ear pinched?” Though, to be fair, it had brought him out of his thoughts, and he felt a smile tugging at his lips.
John wouldn’t appreciate it, not one bit, but Sherlock, shaking himself from his temporary immobility and indecision, didn’t care one iota.
How was that for a disguise to throw Moriarty off the scent? No, wrong track. Back, back, further back, back on the proper path, there. Now stay on it. Focus.
, properly, even if they hadn’t gone any further than that. Now really wasn’t the time for it, though, and not just because they were,
They did, even if he did say it himself, as well if not better than they had at practice, despite what had happened.
It therefore wouldn’t make sense for him to assume that what he saw in the harem was representative of Alphas or even just people, either. He’d have a much too broad set of experiences, and even if he thought a lot of Alphas were like that, he’d surely know that Sherlock…that he’d never, ever would…
His hand moved on its own, not to disturb the other, but to place itself on top of the hand on his knee, covering it without pressing down.
That second half of the thought lasted until John reached a hand behind him, more or less blindly, but still managed to just about reach the closest broad, bony hand, which closed the gap immediately and held on tight.
Bloody hell, looking back on that…not that he would’ve probably changed much, if anything, if he had to live through that experience again, mind – and he most definitely had no desire to live through the worry and fear of that, never mind the collapse – but it did make him mentally wince at his own behaviour.
John didn’t immediately focus on what had been thrown at him and had landed on the floor, registering only that it was clothing in a bag as he kept his eyes on the door, wanting to make sure that the bastard didn’t think again and return.
One genius with a precarious mind was enough to deal with, why did there have to be two? Well, misery liked company and genius needed something to measure itself against, he supposed.
Thank you so much for the sweet support and patience from you all. Not just on the wait time, but where we're headed, too. It's been such a help, mentally.
John frowned. “How the hell…?” He’d never mentioned Harry to Sherlock, not one word, so why would he mention a her, when they’d just been talking about siblings?
“I know,” he said, his voice softened. “I’m sorry, love, I didn’t…I’m not dismissing it or you, I – “
He smiled ever so slightly. That was, his lips curled a little and the corners of his mouth pulled up. It was gone in a flash, though, as he realised his mistake. “That there? That was – I should be ashamed that something like that came from a part of me, especially one so old and ostensibly cunning as you. The least you could do was be a little bit creative or have some proper dramatics to it, but no. Of course you couldn’t manage that. How could I even expect that?”
The theory was born out by the strained smile, minute twitch to his eye and the scent coming off the Alpha doctor.
“Then it still counts as his. In his mind, it will count as part of his hoard but one that he knows he isn’t supposed to have.”
He looked at Mycroft, then over at John, where his eyes narrowed briefly before going even wider than before, if that was possible. Then they darted back to his brother.
Endless moments seemed to pass before either of them moved or said anything, and when they did, it was Sherlock who spoke.
That…skewering of reality also seeped into what got reported on in the tabloids and on more ‘respected’ news. Open a glossy magazine and you’d see at least one story a week speculating on some celebrity or other’s gained weight suggesting pregnancy. More often than not, it would then almost invariably claim that the way it had settled was indisputable evidence that they were most definitely, without question, carrying multiples, no matter how far along they were, or weren’t, in the supposed pregnancy.
Just take how he’d reassured John earlier about the teddy bear. It might seem insignificant, one ruddy teddy bear in the rest of it, but it mattered to John, and also to Mycroft, so Sherlock had let him do it. Had trusted him to do it.
But…why? Or rather, was there any other reason he could’ve said that? Not that he instantly wanted to disbelieve his words, it wasn’t that.
John?” Sherlock said and he couldn’t work out whether he was asking, protesting or just fishing for any sort of clue or if it was perhaps a mix of all three.
Sherlock wanted to shout it, wanted to shake his mate until he came to his senses or at least gave him an answer. Something. Anything!
Sherlock cracked open an eye. To confirm that what he’d deduced about John’s reaction and expression was correct, of course. Nothing more. Of course.
or perhaps even something that went beyond hunger. Far beyond, the almost black of the eyes reflecting that as they reflected almost nothing else.
They were meant to stay where they’d met in the dining hall, really, but the blond had readily followed Sherlock when he’d moved away to somewhere quieter. The cacophony in the dining hall was bad enough while people ate, he didn’t need the addition of what the word was originally meant as.
“Apropos of that,” he said instead, “what about singing? Duffy won’t let us off with just playing the piece. He’s not that much of a pushover.”
“Nope,” John replied, popping the ‘p’ slightly, on purpose. “I’m afraid you’ll have to make do with tap water, I’m afraid. Or make a cold brew yourself. But this isn’t comfort food, this is pure subsistence food.”
He might be able to understand it if it was merely his brother, Harry. Even without speaking of him, it didn’t take much to deduce that he had a, to put it lightly, strained relationship with said brother, and if Sherlock had to deduce, not guess, he never guessed, he’d say that it had something to do with his fondness for alcohol.
When he opened his eyes again, it was to find John looking at him with brows drawn together but also with a small and warm smile. The kind of smile, Sherlock was coming to learn, that meant John was puzzling something out about him that he hadn’t expected but was finding endearing.
“But it was okay,” the brunet continued over the half-formed but earnest objection. “I knew from the start. But I had fun. You didn’t laugh at me, nor behind my back, I think, you laughed
Proportions didn’t need to be something to keep in mind, was the point, and yet, he had, for the most part.
It was evident her new parents had money and could buy her a new plush in mint condition if she wanted it. Had in fact done that, several times of, by the look of the room.
“You didn’t get the doctor here?” John asked, though he knew that already; Sherlock hadn’t left the room.
“You said…that you…” The eyes squeezed shut, as though it hurt to think but he was determined to make the effort. “That you…”
Yes, quite, but that did boil down to the same thing, in his case, no matter what the motivation behind it possibly was, apart from irrelevant.
“Of course, and it is half nine at night, but I suspect that doesn’t tell you much, as you won’t have been aware of the time when you went to sleep.”
those, or they shouldn’t have manifested yet. Because you’re right, I do know all of that. All of it and you know what? It doesn’t make a blind bit of difference. I still feel as though I’ve failed them because however unreasonable it is to say otherwise, I have. And I can’t do shite about it because they’re some bastard’s property in all but monetary transaction and that’s still how the actuality of the law works.”
“There has to be a way to work around his dragon nature…no, that’s not it. There has to be a way to, to…to work with it, not against it. Something that will assuage it, somehow, turn it into something manageable, for good. You must do it, for one.”
Shifting his weight more over to his right side and moving his right arm so he could keep himself propped up on that, he let the fingers on his left hand trail down the expanse of chest that really had no business being that muscled on such a bony body. Meanwhile, he trailed his lips and teeth down the length of the neck, just letting them lightly graze across the skin.
Was that a twitch of anger under one eyelid? No, that trembling was for something else. There was definitely a frown of disbelief etched into the folds of his brow, though, even if it were relatively light. The folds were, at any rate.
“Do. Not. Patronise. Me. Doctor. Watson.” The words came hissed out between teeth that seemed just a little sharper than before and John couldn’t help the lightning thought of how exactly transformation, or shifting or whatever, worked for dragons? There certainly seemed to be an element of emotions in the mix, at least where they came in unbidden and unchecked.
They’d made the promise that they’d meet up every Monday from then on until they were supposed to perform. It was only seven weeks away, so it wasn’t all that much time, really, when you got down to it. But on the other hand, with how well it actually turned out they played together, it could easily be argued that they didn’t need much more practice together, if any at all.
“Ends up collecting? You mean it’s not a choice?” Did he hear wrong or had a bit of the anger dissipated? It certainly seemed as though John was at least willing to listen now. He needed to make the most of it.
His smile now had a hint of a smirk to it, though only for a moment before he let it drop away, both the smirk and the smile. There was no need to be smug and cocky about it.
There, John turned to his partner and for a moment, the mask fell, and Sherlock saw the whole array of emotions that he would’ve expected from his Omega.
The moment he opened his mouth coincided with his finger slipping and popping open the lid of the box all the way.
With another deep breath and a firm resolve to do just that, he watched the group that had been performing get their applause, their thank you from the head, and descend the stairs. He would then have to wait for his call.
It was just that small, seemingly insignificant gesture but the blond understood. At least, he believed he did.
He didn’t quite catch what happened then, his mind a roaring sea of emotions that had been kept barely in check since he’d entered the building and had finally found John, bound and gagged and with the stench of Moriarty wafting from him.
But they might not have thought to trace it yet. Or if they had, they wouldn’t necessarily have clocked the significance of who it belonged to. Would they? No, he still believed that the Alpha that had procured the phone didn’t know him and certainly didn’t know he was the one who’d gotten it.
But it wasn’t John. At most, it was his mind’s representation of him, regardless of whether he was there beside him or not, and therefore, it was just another aspect of him, whichever skin he gave it.
John had finished attending to the various cuts and bruises that had told the story of what Moriarty’s henchman – in all likelihood the same bastard that had been round to mock and goad the Omega, who Sherlock longed to get hold of almost as much as Moriarty, though he had quite the varied scenarios for what to do with either – had done to the Beta more accurately and succinctly than he ever could.
But, come to think of it, there was something else about the kiss that needed thought; like with the declaration of love earlier – the fact that it was apparently three times over was something that he wanted to talk about, too, but perhaps another time – it was John who had initiated this kiss, not Sherlock.
The only point that could really be made was that when the wolf got out of hand, it had to go one by one while a dragon could be expedient in its destruction, as it were.
The consulting detective only realised he’d squeezed the hand in his hard when he heard a crack that might be purely the excess build-up of air in the joints or could be something else instead. He tried to pull the hand away as a result but was prevented not once but thrice.
“No,” Sherlock interrupted, gently, though it nevertheless managed to get John to shut up. He reached down to grab hold of John’s hands, savouring the experience. “You should have. You were within your rights to. Are within.”
He’d managed to get a bit of blood on his fingers as he worked, though, and so he lifted his hand to find a suitable place to wipe it off.
Something beat him to it, brushing gently against both cheeks at once, wiping away first the ones already on their way down and then the ones that had just fallen.
“Oh? What is it, then?” So what if his still raspy voice was just a little bit snippy? By his standards, it was rather mild.
“How can he tell? I know both of you pull stuff out of your arses on a regular basis, but you always at least claim to have a good reason for it.”
was what mattered, was that John would allow him, Sherlock, to be part of her life, to act as parent for her as well as the twins.
Then he was out of the door, leaving John alone with a Sherlock that he wasn’t a hundred percent sure he was safe with, however fervently he hoped that he was.
“Something like that, yeah.” Turning a little, ostensibly to change the grip on his bag and tug his jacket down, he looked up and down the street, of course not seeing anyone. “Look, if we’re not going to do anything about him, can we go in?”
And she wanted to do it right, too. You could tell in the frown on her face, the pull of her mouth that occasionally became a bitten lip, and the lost, pleading look deep in her eyes. Sherlock wondered if anyone else saw that or otherwise noticed. Perhaps they knew that instinctively whereas he had to actively notice and think about it.
Did claiming him as a treasure mean that something else would be impossible? Something which Sherlock might want deep down but wasn’t consciously aware of?
John didn’t rise to it. Instead, he pressed a small kiss against a point on Sherlock’s back. At first thought, it seemed rather a random spot until it clicked; it was the site of one of the bullet wounds, now mostly healed. Given that there had been meddled, as it were, it wasn’t an unfair assumption that there’d be some sort of mark left behind, even if it wouldn’t be a full-blown scar. Normally there wouldn’t but in the circumstances, it was quite likely.
It turned out not to matter because John worked it out for himself. Of course, he would. For all that Sherlock scoffed at him, he was anything but stupid.
And that was only provided it would be useless or off the mark. Sherlock didn’t want to admit it but something like his inner John reminded him that whatever else Mycroft was, he was clever, too, and as observant as Sherlock.
The first time they were scheduled to meet the students from the state school, Sherlock got a bit of a shock.
“The gag isn’t a ruddy priority right now!” was the first thing out of John’s mouth once the gag fell away.
If he chose to say yes to the dragon on its own, that was his decision, and Sherlock would respect it. However, if he didn’t, then…
The interesting point was when he tried to overcorrect and ended up being too considerate, too mindful of John, both in his status as pregnant and in mind of his secondary gender. It didn’t happen very often, but when it did, it was quite adorable and sweet, it really was. What it also was, however, was rather bloody annoying because he didn’t
Shock from all that he’d gone through? Or perhaps just exhaustion? The fact that he’d been practically comatose for as long as he had didn’t mean much. Comatose didn’t automatically mean resting, whatever people thought.
THANK YOU to all the kind people who were sweet enough to leave me comments on the last chapter and saying that it worked. I am so grateful. <3 <3
Even though he wanted to hold him tight again, the muscle memory of it still singing faintly in him, he didn’t dare to.
That and there were quite a few unknowns. Moran, for one, Moriarty as the chief of them. Tessa herself, her mother, who didn’t seem the woman their investigation at their house suggest, whether that was due to the situation or something else…
For a moment, the voice sounded like the one he so very much didn’t want to hear, and he stiffened despite his best efforts to remain calm and not disturb the one curled up mostly on top of him.
Whether what he meant was the kiss against the temple, shows of affections in general or the declaration of trust and support, so open and unequivocal, wasn’t clear. It might have been all three, and it would’ve been just as valid whatever constellation it would be.
That was something that should be tackled but tackled one bit at a time so that he got them all tackled. Which he would. He should, too, for the sake of, of both John and of himself and for that of their relationship.
Just because he was now closer to her than he’d been since he’d held her at her birth, just because she was now in danger…that didn’t really change much, if really anything. He still wasn’t close enough to protect her from harm if it should occur, and he had no way of knowing she hadn’t been in danger before, far worse danger than this.
Though John had been the keeper rather than a normal occupant and therefor hadn’t been in the spotlight in the same way, he’d also been around the longest of anyone ‘employed’ there. Which meant that by coming to such a place as that, whether Sherlock was with him or not, before the matter was resolved and the owners brought to whatever justice Mycroft deemed appropriate, regardless of the judicial system, the former soldier would be running the risk of him being recognised by anyone of them. The potential consequences of which were easy to guess at.
Given that all the things he’d just struggled against had tried to push their advantage at the first given opportunity, without exception, and this wasn’t even making the attempt, he was safe enough. Probably.
Still, much as he understood why John would react like that, it didn’t mean it was easier to see it manifest on his face
Trying to give some sort of reassurance or comfort, he reached out to grab the blond’s hand. The moment they touched, John grabbed hold of it, firmly, and gave it a squeeze.
When he did stop, the hand slid from his hip onto his stomach, where it was joined by the other, linking them.
Sherlock kept an eye on it, without interfering, trying to make sure that John didn’t hurt himself or forget anything in his efficiency.
dwelling, was it? It was confronting an issue that he had and that he would have to deal with because he couldn’t see why it would only occur this time. Perhaps it wouldn’t when he was with Sherlock but then, the reaction he’d had in the clothing store had put paid to at least the notion that the Alpha prevented the disconnect he’d felt to the ‘normal’ world.
Pale eyes growing progressively blearier as sleep finally began to march through his head, planting flags and claiming territory all over, Sherlock had something to ask, it seemed.
“No, that’s true,” John conceded. “Or, at least, they weren’t always bonded to the Omegas they visited and, not uncommonly, knocked up. That doesn’t mean the instincts aren’t capable of surfacing, not even when they didn’t take a fancy to the Omega in question and then bond with them, though of course in that case, I wouldn’t see them for long after that.”
Something of that must’ve shown in his expression because he got a grim smile in return. “I don’t want to think about that, but I need to. The stories, the real stories rather than the old PR shite Omegas were fed before harems were made illegal, about the fate of such children are enough to make your blood curdle, and few of them are as overly embroidered or fanciful as your mind tries to assume.”
Sherlock would have to admit, for instance, that he still carried around the photograph that he’d found in John’s abandoned room in the building they’d met in. Not that he would admit that freely, mind.
“And where in the fairy tales does it state anything about dragons apart from that?” Mycroft snapped back. “Not what they do, but who they are? We are either villains or obstacles, the monsters of the tale that need no characterisation apart from what’s needed for the moral to ring true. Is ‘bad’ all there is to the wolf?”
No time, though. Search room. Find watch. That was the priority. Everything else could come later if it were even relevant at that point. He knew he was letting himself be distracted with just about every little thing that could distract him even though he couldn’t afford to, and the knowledge annoyed him, even more so that it wasn’t even helpful to know it.
He had been lucky so far, which he knew perfectly well, and he knew, too, that he couldn’t rely on going on like that. It could work just fine occasionally when he was solving a case – though of course, he would vehemently deny that he ever relied on luck or coincidence even a little bit, at least as far as the mental work went – but not for something like this.
He pulled away from Sherlock to go over to where his new jacket, which was waxed and had been among the purchases from the clothing store that he hadn’t spotted before they’d gotten home, hung next to Sherlock’s dramatic Belstaff. Taking it down, he turned to the other.
That Sherlock had quite a bit riding on this whole performance didn’t need to be any concern of John’s. It’d be no skin off his nose whether he showed or not, probably.
“I do need you to say things like that, and more besides. I hadn’t considered it; you were right the first time. You were right about the rest of it, too, even if I don’t want to consider it or admit it. Which isn’t fair to you at all because you would have to live with the consequences of either action.”
The cabbie asked, after a moment or two, whether they needed to pull over, because he could do that if they needed him to.
He should’ve realised, should’ve – he was supposed to be a genius, wasn’t he? Genius enough not to let it come to this.
No, he couldn’t. He wasn’t to know how John would take such a revelation as that, however much of an ability he had to roll with the punches on the oddest of things, was he? It could’ve been a disaster and have robbed him of his only friend if he’d told him and he hadn’t responded well to it.
This probably seems inconsequential but it felt necessary to me to establish more of how they'd actually work with problems such as these. It is very new to the both of them. In any case, things will pick up a bit more in the next one, which won't be as long in coming, either. I promise.
Things such as John expertly finding the medical clue that helped his brain to make a link, his fierce protectiveness on cases. Almost everything he did on cases, actually, but far from limited to those. The way he could stomp in different ways depending on his level of anger, his atonal, slow tapping of keys while he typed up a case becoming endearing rather than annoying.
It only took a moment for John to cotton on. “Sherlock, we can’t…I really don’t think Moriarty is any real danger to me. He just wanted to mess with you, and I was an easy way of accomplishing that.” He grimaced, as though thinking of something he’d rather not contemplate.
But in that same way, because you had another didn’t mean you had less love for the new addition or the ones already there.
That was certainly no guarantee, even if he was confused as to how exactly he had managed to surface. Something Mycroft did? Something John did? Both of them?
“You mean, he would either not have said anything at all or he would’ve made a far bigger show of it than this?”
Not all of it was directed at Moriarty but right now, he was more than fine with channelling and concentrating that anger directly at the Irishman, even if he was unable to physically get an outlet for it. That the man, for a given value of the term, didn’t even see fit to have the expected sort of response – though of course, it really was par for the course, given his apparent mental state – to a given situation, including this, was only adding fuel to the fire.
“It may not have been, that is the point,” the ginger snapped back. “It can have gotten there through entirely legitimate channels – “
Not enough, at least. Not nearly enough to determine anything, and he needed to…he needed to know. At least give him that. Even if –
He nudged John’s chin up with two fingers, so their gazes met. “I would never take you away from your children. I promise, and I apologise for making you think that.”
“Oh.” He turned to Sherlock. “These weren’t random at all. They’re from…from all the…that’s why it was Angelo’s…how did I not see…?”
With that knowledge, he couldn’t be angry at his bond mate for wanting to tug at this new piece until it unspooled. It wasn’t purely for the thrill of the chase, as it were, it was to guarantee the safety of his family.
“You are allowed not to have everything thought through to every detail point and to have gut reactions, John,” he said, speaking very gently. Then he changed tack slightly though he did not change his tone or volume. “Do you think I was up and about, spewing theories the moment the dust had cleared? Frankly, I wouldn’t know how long since the dust cleared it was that I even lifted my head.”
John had looked and smelled alright but that wasn’t necessarily enough of a clue. Sherlock had gotten out of bed as quickly and as quietly as possible, slipping into dressing gown and pyjama pants before he’d left the room. John hadn’t woken.
“Because your excitement is tempered, or perhaps outright extinguished, by the amount of worries and fears associated with it.”
“Still…it’s far too much, and I might not even fit into it for long.” He glanced down, meaningfully, at his stomach.
The midwife turned to look directly at them, professionally unruffled but with a smile visible at the corners of her eyes.
It wasn’t as though this was the first time within the last twenty-four hours when he had to use this method, was it?
He received a hard jab in the ribs. “Oi! Don’t go into your Mind Palace now. Let me go so I can get a look at you.”
Admittedly, though, he wasn’t usually called out to something like…this. Even Lestrade…no, even Anderson could work out the cause of this and also the culprit.
Sherlock followed his gaze and his heart did a stutter that wasn’t pleasant. He felt the dragon stir and rumble in its deep imprisonment.
Realising his eyelids had started to droop, he jerked upright. He needed to stay up, to stay vigilant and take care of his friend. Protect him from any possible dangers that might still assault them.
But it meant that Sherlock was able to get an idea of how John was reacting to the story, on a more instinctual level than his face alone allowed.
So, what he was struggling with had as much if not just a bit more to do with a sense of being a bad father and failing his children before they’d even gotten there.
Even if he’d been told not to put much stock in dragon stories, the unhealthy aspect of going into a dragon’s lair unwanted was near universal. He might not react then and there, being unconscious, and even then, that wasn’t a given, but when they managed to get him awake, he might lash out immediately.
He held up his wrist in evidence. The claw marks were clearly visible, blood, both fresh and dried, and all. Sherlock winced at them.
“As much as I’d love to stay and enjoy your company, Doctor,” Mycroft said a little after that, loud enough for John to hear, “I was just about to leave.”
“No,” John interrupted, again surprising himself with the strength of his denial. The ginger was only trying to help, after all.
There was a pause, then, so quiet it was almost a whisper but fervent and earnest nevertheless, “I would think the same of and…and feel the same about you whatever your secondary gender, John.”
In other circumstances, John would’ve been ecstatic to be kissed by Sherlock. To be honest, if it had happened during normal circumstances, he probably would’ve been surprised and a little suspicious, first of all, depending on what had gone before. But on the condition that it was consensual and honest on both parts, he would’ve been over the moon.
Perhaps, he thought as he navigated a group of pre-teen girls who seemed to have forgotten they weren’t one many-limbed creature without an indoor voice, perhaps what he actually wanted for himself was a sense of identity.
“Yes. Another lovers’ quarrel, really. Pedestrian.” He couldn’t help smiling a little as he said it, though.
John took it with a small smile, one of gratefulness and affection, and said, with a deliberately overly cheery tone, “Let’s see if it still applies when your knot is throbbing in pain from overuse, shall we?”
John tries to calm Sherlock down and think of a solution. In the end, it seems Mycroft is needed for help once again.
Enough. He was going around in circles now, and he was supposed to feel bolstered and confident now that he had a plan to work on, no matter how vague it was right now or how much it might change as he worked through it to make sure it’d work on the first try, not questioning all he’d already questioned.
Well, yes, that was true. It just didn’t mean they were important or if they were, they weren’t near as important as those of his bond mate and their child. Their children.
Them. John Watson and Sherlock Holmes, Doctor and Consulting Detectives. Flatmates, colleagues, partners. Potentially lovers. Bickerers over the smallest of details but somehow also savers of each other, in more than the physical sense.
By now, he was getting to a point where the feel of Sherlock’s lips had some familiarity to them. That did in no way mean that he wasn’t enjoying this as much the first…well, first proper one. The devouring of their technically first kiss he didn’t count.
He wasn’t the one who’d been giddy with delight over the bombing cases and the puzzles within them, he hadn’t goaded Moriarty into playing, if the man had even – no, that wasn’t the point right now. It hadn’t been his choice to become another pawn in their game, somewhat more literally than he could ever have suspected he would. He hadn’t hidden behind Sherlock, expecting him to protect him from danger. That had been all Sherlock’s doing, from start to finish. Hell, hadn’t he even thought the suggestion that the consulting detective would come to his aid ludicrous?
he was, regardless of when and how that revelation had come about. Of course, it hadn’t exactly helped that it had been Moriarty who’d revealed to John that dragons existed and that he’d been…not exactly forced but still, he hadn’t had much choice about outing himself, too. It had all been instinctive.
To the Alpha, he had a clear and quite divine scent, even though he apparently didn’t smell of much of anything to others, even after their bonding – fools and idiots, the lot of them, but their loss and his immense gain so he wasn’t about to complain – and his mood and feelings affected the scent just like anyone else’s.
He looked at the bear then up at Mycroft. For once he didn’t bristle, or want to, at the understated yet nevertheless rather blatant display of money. Instead, he just felt overwhelmed, as anyone might who’ve been given a far more valuable gift than they feel they deserve.
There was a time for talking through such crucial things with her, because not doing so wasn’t going to help anyone, least of all Tessa. Doing so immediately after a prolonged, confusing, harrowing experience was not going to serve anyone either, however.
Sensing something was wrong, he refrained from calling out to his wife, so as not to immediately give away his presence to the intruders – never mind the fact that they would have been perfectly aware of him, especially if they were indeed who Sherlock believed them to be – and had tiptoed his way from his office into their daughter’s room.
“If you feel there’s a need for you to stay,” John said, with a glance out of the corner of his eye at Sherlock, a look which held a reprimand wrapped in an appreciative thank you, “then by all means, stay. But I need to see her now that she’s awake. She’s my responsibility.”
With that, he pulled back, readying himself for whatever the declaration might bring now that there was a far greater chance that Sherlock could actually understand him. It might still be the same reaction as before, or a worse one, or even no reaction at all, of course.
“Sherlock?” he asked, tentatively, hopefully, as he had so many times already. Hoping that he wouldn’t be let down. Or eaten or claimed. Those were quite important factors, too, really.
Which, honestly, if John hadn’t started the way he had, Sherlock wasn’t sure he would’ve been able to…no, scratch that. He knew for certain he
All the more reason for Sherlock to in fact get a ruddy move-on already and sort this out. Not just the jealousy, though that was obviously the main factor, whether he truly believed there was any or not, but check whether there were any other emotions or other such things that showed a crack or other weakness that could be exploited.
There was a small bit, more of a lump that had soaked up some blood which was proving difficult to extract. When he tried, the piece stuck and, though he hadn’t heard it before while he worked, John distinctly heard the keen go up a half-notch, even if the body underneath hadn’t tensed or otherwise reacted.
John assisted as best he could, lowering his shoulders to help it slide off easier, his body otherwise completely still. That was apart from his eyes, which kept darting around as they tried to assess the danger, tried to work out how best to counter it.
“Hey, now,” John said, voice gentle now, the anger gone. Something deeper was amiss. He brought a hand up to brush his fingers against a cheekbone. “What’s all this about all of a sudden?”
As for dragons, it didn’t seem likely that something as…no, not necessarily selfish but greedy as a dragon would allow another dragon into its life, its treasure, if it was only for the short term. Did they birth live young? They were reptilian, yes, but they were also magical and could bloody well shapeshift at will, it didn’t have to follow that they laid eggs.
“I do not…” he began then paused. Before he made any claims, he had better make sure. Absolutely sure, that was. They could ill afford to be wrong on this. Not even a little bit, in fact.
He hoped that it would give him at least enough of a reaction of pain for the dragon to release his hands and him consequently being able to get out from underneath.
There was the option of going to another store, of course, for one. It wasn’t as though London was short of shops, not even ones like that. That would feel just a little as admitting defeat and while going in with an Alpha might be argued to be that as well, it wasn’t as though Sherlock was doing the choosing for him, or the rest of it.
The important point was that it was hardly the norm or frequent, and in any case, they’d work through it.
John took a deep breath to calm himself and tried not to think of how much time he had wasted. There was no knowing how much time he’d had at any point, after all, given Sherlock’s either sleeping like a prey animal or the deepest hibernating bear, with little in between.
But the time he’d spent in hospital, he’d been in no fit state to go anywhere, unfortunately, and had to take Mycroft’s reassurance that they were indeed okay, and it wasn’t as though he’d been living at Baker Street for long or had exactly been idle in the time that he had.
“Do not. Antagonise me. Right now. Sherlock.” The words were very carefully enunciated. Then he took a deep, seemingly very careful breath, one that sounded somewhat like the intaking whoosh of air just before a roar of fire burst through.
Moriarty smiled at that, an entirely genuine one that was somehow more unsettling than if it had been fake in any way, even had a trace of it.
For a moment, one which stretched on and on like a stick of rock being pulled while still warm, they all stayed right where they were, looking at each other, the silence crystallising around them.
He would say that all he could do was keep his fingers crossed, only that wasn’t true. There was more that he could do.
No. No, he was definitely reading too much into it. This would be too early for John to consider something like proposing. Unpredictable and delightfully surprising though he might be, he could also be rather hung up on the right way of going about things and something like proposing…
Alright, so that was probably being more than a little facetious, and the fact that it was in the bag of an Alpha, rather than an Omega, played a part as well, he knew that, but even so, it felt…well, yeah, funny in an entirely unfunny way, was probably the best way to describe it.
Out of options for where he could search and trying not to get worried, he fished out his phone and texted Mycroft. He didn’t expect an answer all that fast, given how busy the man was, but in less than two minutes, a reply ticked in.
He had pulled out the ring from his dressing gown pocket then, and yes, he could understand the relevance and possible significance of that as well even if he couldn’t appreciate it.
“Not as an object, John, do keep up. As a mate.” Well, that had sounded almost uncannily like Sherlock, but the doctor shrugged it off.
Even so, it came out quiet. Far quieter and more uncertain than he’d meant it to – if he’d have meant it to come out at all, that was. Which, to be entirely honest, he wasn’t sure he had.
The tip of one finger had delved just the tiniest bit inside and circled. John swore then reached down to grab hold of the wrist of the hand touching him.
That puzzled John somewhat. Why would he be hesitant about that, of all things, and why now? He hadn’t been shy about being close at other times, quite the opposite. Was there something about Ruby that repulsed him so much?
He quickly turned and rattled off the address, adding some line about how he was terrible at remembering his own, it was like with phone numbers, wasn’t it?
Okay, so of course it was a point to consider that the two Holmes brothers had apparently shared a nest – and he was most certainly going to ask Mycroft for pictures of that and then find some way to keep them that would be Sherlock-proof. But that had been, inferring from ‘when I was small’, many, many years ago and it didn’t follow that he’d had someone sleeping next to him in the intervening time.
“My number,” he explained as he wrote, as though Sherlock couldn’t recognise that on his own, or at least, that it was a phone number. “I know we should find out when we can practise and so on, but I’m…really pressed for time, so…call or write me on that, yeah?”
He made another attempt at tugging his hand back, to no avail. Thankfully, though, this time the movement didn’t prompt the hand to tighten further or the claws to dig in.
The consulting detective could deduce quite a lot of the reason as to why that was. Even though he wasn’t exactly the social butterfly himself, which suited him just fine, it didn’t feel right for John not to have people around him, somehow. But no, that wasn’t quite right, either, was it?
It looked painful and a bit melancholic but at the same time, it was full of force and, most importantly, clear love for the person beside him.
Mycroft, who’d taken as many steps backwards as he could, was breathing hard and ragged by that point, as though he’d exerted himself immensely, his eyes now squeezed firmly shut. He was even paler than before, the also increased ruddiness bringing it into starker relief and now there was a sheen of perspiration on his brow. There was a minute but somehow still noticeable tremor in his limbs and the images had yet to fade.
“Even if you somehow manage to keep the middle ground, with all the good intentions in the world, how long can you keep it up for? What will the consequences be? That you let go entirely by accident, misjudging how loose the middle ground leash needs to be? Or say that you don’t go to the middle ground at all or shift back to the initial harsh, complete control?”
This wasn’t like with the clothes; this would be for the benefit of them both, for their children. Therefore, it wasn’t unreasonable to expect Sherlock to provide.
For a long while, there was no response, and John thought that he might’ve gotten his hopes up for nothing once again.
He was going to defend John, yes, obviously, but he would do so while in control. Him. Not his instincts.
Had Sherlock hurried him along when he’d needed a moment…ever, really? Not as far as he could recall, no. But specifically in the bedroom of a little girl who they would be,
He stood utterly still otherwise and let her stare at him as much as she liked, without talking to her, smiling or otherwise attempting to interact or influence her.
“Still a bit puzzled as to – “he began. Then his face did something strange as a realisation dawned.
There was little that couldn’t solve in terms of relationship, their relationship, namely, and therefore there was nothing to fear.
John shook his head. “That would give you different items. More practical stuff. Look at that there,” he pointed to something hanging on the outside of the cream-coloured wardrobe, “that’s a costume, not a piece of clothing and yet the wear is too great for it to have been worn for only fancy dress. And it’s not the only one.”
that he was in contact with his little girl, had possibly met her, interacted with her. Possibly more than –
“He should be grateful I didn’t specify just who he’d been taking backhanders from,” Sherlock commented calmly.
He broke out of it soon enough, though, berating himself for it. There were other things of greater importance to do.
After all, it wouldn’t matter after that; they’d both stay at their respective schools – for a given matter of ‘staying’ for Sherlock, obviously – and he would just have to find somewhere else to get hold of his cigarettes.
I still like writing on the dragon bits in particular, and I like giving Sherlock a bit more time as the pov person.
“Maybe he would have some clue as to how to help you and yeah, I know perfectly well how that sounds but as things stood, there seemed very little if any chance that you would ever resurface on your own, and he was at least partially responsible.”
That the door was unlocked was no indicator or whether the place genuinely was empty of consulting detective or not, of course. Nor did it make clear that he hadn’t received any texts about a new case that had come up.
Beside him, John had been struggling, his fists clenching at his sides, his jaw working, his scent smelling decidedly off as he stared at her. He’d known what she was in for before it had happened, of course he did – he was a doctor, after all, and an extremely skilled one, at that – but knowing and seeing were two different things.
“John, I know you’re angry – and you have every right to be. I’ve lied, yes, and kept things from you – “he saw John open his mouth, presumably to continue the list of libels – “and many more things, too. I’m not trying to get you to forgive me for all of those things at once. Or even ever.”
“But a deserted street is alright?” There was a faint hint of amusement that it took John a second to pick up on and make him relax again.
In what simultaneously felt like a very long time and no time at all, he could see the shape of the brunet emerge from the small passage and into the kitchen where he stopped for a moment. From his position near the living room windows, John couldn’t see him clearly but still well enough to see that the appendages hadn’t returned.
He swallowed hard then did his best to ignore that thought. In fact, to be sure his mind was occupied until the thought could be properly deleted, he worked out a particularly complicated, delicate experiment he could do.
“Hypothetically, obviously. Then again, I would have, if I were a betting man, also have put my money on it being John proposing to you, not the other way around. It does seem to be him who does the driving in the relationship, to say the least.”
he also had three children and a very real threat to them and his partner to consider, that was…not smart, to say the least.
John knew that he’d taken it. That was why he’d been angry with him that day, why he hadn’t been easily mollified. But that he knew, or at the very least strongly suspected, didn’t automatically entail that he’d be alright or calm when Sherlock pulled the offending article out of his pocket. In fact, given how he’d reacted when it had been taken, it was entirely possible that it’d stoke the banked fire.
Now was hardly the time for such images and such feelings, was it? That wasn’t to say he was particularly good at keeping his thoughts on track today. He was even worse than normal, in fact, but he had to focus at some point.
Sherlock blinked, looking somewhat thrown and just slightly impressed. However, the expression faded soon enough, replaced by what seemed to be carefully schooled blankness.
Who in turn stiffened as he thought he saw the pupils become slits again, but he blinked and the gaze was no longer on him, so he told himself he’d just been imagining it.
He wasn’t exactly keen on having his identity exposed, and certainly not by bumbling bobbies stumbling across them, either inside the pool or on their way back, either, come to think of it.
Besides, he’d been tired when they’d been out shopping for clothes, not to mention feeling wrong-footed. There’d been the news that he was carrying two babies rather than the one he’d been sure of and then, as though that hadn’t been enough, that knowledge had brought his financial situation to the forefront of his mind.
been angry about all, well, most of this, and certainly he had about the shit Moriarty pulled. Angry was not even doing it justice. That he’d been horrified and scared at the same time was an entirely different and, in the circumstances, irrelevant point.
Of course, there was the option of John running up to his room to get what he had, but not only didn’t he want to ruin the mood by doing so, he wasn’t entirely sure that Sherlock would allow him out of the bed.
“Just tell me. Playing ‘what’s my cunning thought?’ with you two gets old and I don’t…” He sighed. “I’m sorry. That’s not helpful.”
He waved it in front of the Alpha. “Or is that you’ve put something in the marmalade that you don’t want me to know about?”
I'm sorry. I know I've left it two months, to the day, and that wasn't intentional. I hope I can be forgiven by you kind, lovely people still reading. At least it's a long chapter...or possibly unfortunately.
“You’re on speaker now,” he interrupted the older dragon. “Easier for you two to argue that way, and I can get some more kip.”
Not only was the amount significantly larger than any of the previous deposits, it wasn’t within the established routine that would’ve seen him paid at the end of the month every other month, which would’ve meant that he should’ve gotten a payment this week – given the circumstances, he wasn’t surprised that he hadn’t, even if it reminded him that the harem owners knew. Furthermore, the bank account from which it had come was utterly different.
No. John wasn’t his. John wasn’t anyone’s. He wasn’t a possession, a part of a hoard and nothing more. John was and always should be his own brave, stubborn, kind, temperamental, loyal man who could think for himself. Sherlock valued those things in his friend greatly, even if he never said it, and never wanted them taken away.
Sherlock didn’t turn around. He closed his eyes and took another deep breath. Why couldn’t he have let this be easy? Just this one thing to be easy. Was that so much to ask?
It brought him some measure of comfort to know that all the Omegas and Betas were out of the harem now, including the one who’d helped him, and so they were not liable to pay the price for his actions. Not anymore than any of the others, at least.
Moriarty then let his eyes sweep over to look at the two intruders, as slowly as though they weren’t of any interest.
That he’d merely been messing with them for the sake of it, because he had those papers and therefore got to ‘play’ with the two of them and had no…no real designs on the Omega or his daughter.
They made their way off the stage side by side, smiling. Mr. Duffy stood close by but didn’t come up to them, presumably because he wasn’t supposed to show supposed favour to students, however small, at an event like this. There would always be someone who decided to take offense at the honestly innocent and encouraging gesture, especially when the someone was a parent.
I'm sorry this has taken me a month to get out. I shall endeavour to be quicker with the next chapters.
“Ten thousand dead people can’t be wrong, can they?” Sherlock sneered. “If only you weren’t so keen on stagnation, you might manage to
Sometimes you did just wake because you did, of course, but he felt certain something had woken him other than himself. He just couldn’t work out what it was.
Alright, so that last bit was perhaps slight hyperbole but…well, he should actually be commended for being able to keep it to only slight hyperbole. Mycroft deserved a whole lot worse, after all, better understanding of him and closer bond or not.
This time, Sherlock didn’t admonish him for interrupting. “Yes. Only, though I wasn’t in a position to make any kind of fair assessment of the issue at the time, it didn’t quite feel like the hunger I had for objects.”
John didn’t back down. “He’s also a dragon, a dragon who doesn’t have any interest in me dead, not before he’s claimed me, anyway, as evidenced by the fact that he had plenty of opportunity to do so while he’d kidnapped me and yet, I’m still alive. And he doesn’t want to claim me without an audience. You in particular, again evidenced by his behaviour.”
It might seem contradictory to his earlier behaviour and thoughts, to be ready to climb out a window and down a building without any proper handholds or experience in wall-climbing to escape from them. Especially in light of his earlier consideration that he wouldn’t make it far, not to mention his promise that he’d protect Sherlock.
He moved swiftly to grab hold of John in the way he remembered Mycroft grabbing hold of him when he was little and about the same size as the doctor when he’d been in dragon form. Of course, there were differences, but he adjusted for those.
Right up to the point he realised that he was being herded backwards by the dark-haired man following him. More than that, he was prevented from darting into one room or the other on the way by the Alpha moving just so or so in this direction or the other, blocking his way to the given room and possible escape route.
Where he was dredging these energy resources from, even with the amount of sleep he had managed to get, he had no idea.
“Couldn’t it keep until I reached it later, my dear?” he asked. Normally, if there was something that required more urgent attention, it would simply be placed on top of the others so that he’d reach it sooner.
Nevertheless, he was going to try his damnedest to get it right. This wasn’t just for him, after all, this was for John and for Tessa.
“There you go, Sir. All smooth and clean, like the proverbial, Sir. Will Sir be wanting anything else? Something for the weekend, perhaps?”
John would have to admit that though he’d seen places from above before, both in planes and helicopters, land, town and city, and as such ought to be relatively used to it and mostly unaffected by seeing London sweeping past underneath him.
It was further emphasised by the words Mycroft whispered; John only able to hear them due to the quietness of the flat.
look at was how that instinct was then handled by the brain. Instincts can be overridden by rationale, you know that, and though it can be harder for some to achieve it, it’s far less common for Alphas to be a slave to their instincts than society, and the study, would have you believe. At least, when it comes to a pregnant partner. You cannot account for what idiocy people have always displayed, obviously.”
Then he had to grit his teeth and swallow more pain as the heel still pinning his foot down applied a little more pressure and
And there he went, asking after John’s wellbeing first, even though he was the one in immediate discomfort.
The important thing right now was that it seemed to do the trick; the moment Sherlock’s nose even came close to it, he inhaled deeply, almost more of a heave than anything, his taller, slightly gangly body sagging a little as he did so.
In the back of his mind, he couldn’t help but wonder whether he’d find it wrapped up and sent when he returned to Baker Street. Not because he thought Sherlock had followed him. He did trust the man to mean it when he did things like…allowing him out had the wrong ring to it but whatever the benevolent version of it was.
That thought, that consideration, in itself was still novel for him to experience, in general rather than just this particular case, and as such, he was rather out of his depths and fumbling his way through it with no idea whether he was going in the right direction or even moving.
They had, in the time they’d spent together in the flat, at least before this preceding week, tried to take their time in a way to differentiate their mornings, not so much from the army but from the harem, in a concerted effort to separate John’s life now from that then.
Sherlock and John get something like an explanation of what happened out of the man they've found. The one who were supposed to be taking care of and looking after Tessa.
A big part of what was the appeal was, of course, the reaction that he got out of any touch, though obviously that wasn’t a requirement. But to watch and listen to the reaction, whether a small hug, a squeeze of a shoulder or a proper snog, that was a boost each and every time.
He quickened his step unconsciously at that, to the point that he almost ran, the bags he carried bouncing against his body as he moved.
To be honest, though…he found that it was with surprising ease that he could not only slip in and down to check but could stop himself, without the sensation that something was pulling at him.
Blue eyes widened to an almost comical degree, as somehow did the rest of his face, though whether it was due to the song playing or what came up out of the depths of the box, rotating slowly as it rose wasn’t clear to Sherlock in the moment.
The fact that Mycroft felt confident enough, not that he was likely to ever openly exude uncertainty, to put her in a permanent document like that did something funny to John’s insides. Of course, it wasn’t as though a new passport couldn’t be issued, and quickly, too, if you had the right resources, i.e. Mycroft, but even so, the former soldier hardly imagined the ginger to go to the trouble of including her if he weren’t certain.
As though in confirmation, or perhaps just in mockery or even merely desperation, he could feel the leash being tugged and pulled at, again and again. None of the tugs were brutal or even hard but their quiet insistency somehow brought the situation home much clearer.
Instinctively, he kept his voice down so as not to disturb the apparently sleeping figure beside him, even though he knew it was stupid and it would actually be better to raise his voice if that meant he’d wake him.
There. A small cliffhanger only, a decent length of chapter and even a feeling we got somewhere. What is the world coming to?
Therefore, it came as a little bit of a shock when the blond took a deep breath, then another, and said, “Her name is…Tessa.”
“What? You just claimed that you didn’t have any problems with it so why are you suddenly balking at a bit of dirty language?”
Whereas Sherlock tried to be more and be a good person in spite of his instincts and, though John would probably disagree, his nature, the two of which weren’t the same or equal, Moriarty was more through his instincts. They bore him up and propelled him further and he wielded them.
The trepidation had migrated back to the pit of his stomach at what it would say but he chose to not think about it further.
After one such long period, a hand settled on top of his, squeezing gently once. John looked over at Sherlock, who sat beside him on the sofa with the computer in his lap. He hadn’t looked up, in fact he looked quite intent on what was on the screen, but the hand was indisputably there.
“Something along those lines, yes.” It felt as though more words were pressing against the Alpha’s lips, but he wasn’t letting them past.
“That it why it is only a loose theory. I can answer some of those questions now, certainly, likely even truthfully and accurately – “that admission alone was quite something for Sherlock, wasn’t it? The words ‘unless we expect to say something that will amaze the whole room’ floated across his mind as a rather accurate descriptor, even if he had no idea where it came from apart from being a quote – “but there are too many unknown factors to factor in that to give an unequivocal answer would be foolish and, more importantly, possibly influence in the wrong direction. But what I know so far points in the direction of Moriarty, yes.”
One hand rose, then hovered for a moment of uncertainty before it dropped to card through thick curls in what could only be described as a soothing, comforting gesture. It ought to look at odds with their normal relationship, or at least what John knew of it, but somehow, here, now, it felt as right as anything, an older brother caring for his suffering younger sibling.
That and neither otter nor bee was exactly the most common and uninspired choices, though John would be hard-pressed to work out why those two animals in particular had been chosen.
“Well, there’s the fact that your wounds are now completely free of dragon bone dust, for one,” he said, meeting the pale eyes directly. “And your body accepted the gold, too, which should mean the dust that managed to get absorbed into your bloodstream has been dissolved, for another. As both of those are gone, then the conditions that formed the base this all rose from are no longer an issue, which in turn seems a pretty good indicator that it will last. Unless you’re thinking of dunking yourself in bone dust again, of course.”
Said brat tried to protest but a slight shift – never a squeeze, not even a little, there was no need to get nasty – of John’s hand shut him up for long enough that their coffees were made. John paid and herded the younger Omega over to somewhere a bit quieter. More secluded.
Part of him longed to reach out and grab John’s hand but he knew that wouldn’t be wise, not at the moment, however reassuring it might be. They needed to have their hands free and available for whatever might be coming their way, after all.
The case that they were not fit to be parents was steadily mounting, at least in his own mind and with his own understanding of such things - that there might be another explanation for it, such as someone else instilling that kind of fear in her, was one he'd only end up considering later - and so Sherlock was mentally jotting down every single piece of evidence he could get, even in the midst of the mental frizzing he experienced right then.
“As there are Omegas who are unaware that they’re pregnant at all until they go into labour, then yes.”
