“This means raising a child, this isn’t a small commitment.” Half him was at war with the other—his heart was telling him to stop talking while his mind produced all the ‘buts’ it could conjure. They had been in various states of limbo for nearly the entirety of their relationship. It didn’t seem possible that they could finally be on the same page--that they could be completely happy and at peace.
“I never expected to be anyone’s husband,“ nearly echoing his own words from long ago. John grinned,
“Yeah. This kind of weather reminds me of the desert,“ he said quietly, not waiting for a response. “The nights were so long out there. The darkness was vast and deep. At 4 am, the silence was like a thick blanket smothering all sounds of life. I used to leave my tent, stand out behind the camp, and look at the stars.” His voice seeped into the silence of the flat and he felt his friend’s tension slowly easing. “There were so many stars, Sherlock. I wish you could’ve seen it. Londoners have no idea how many you can see when you’re far from the lights and noise of the city. I found it soothing to feel so small and so insignificant in a massive universe. My mood seemed less heavy, my worries less burdensome.” Sherlock had turned his head and he gazed at his doctor’s profile, loosening his knot of tension and relaxing into the cushions. “We are here for so little time. Just a brief flicker in a sky of bright flames.” John finally turned his head when he felt a clammy hand cover his own. “You alright?” he asked, barely audible. Sherlock’s swallow echoed in the dark.
“It took us twelve years. Over a decade.  But, I think we finally got our timing right.” I pulled back to look into my best friend’s gaze.
“I understand, “ he backed slightly away from his friend, convulsively clearing his throat against the lump that had formed there and falling into a chasm that had opened up in his chest. It was completely understandable that Sherlock needed some time to himself—
“We will not be same after tonight, ” he finally murmured into the rough stubble between the edge of my mouth and the corner of my jaw. “We’ll be so much more.”
“You have a key, John. Baker Street is as much your home as it is mine. You’re welcome here whether I have plans or not.” John sipped his tea, giving Sherlock a small smile in response. “I’m going to see Euros Saturday, late morning. I should be back by dinner…if you want to get takeout or something.”
“John, I’m ok. It’s not Greg’s fault.” John’s head swiveled around to meet his friend’s gaze, unaware that Sherlock had risen and was now sitting up behind him on the bed. He felt shot through with building-heat-rage, but something he saw in the detective’s eyes gave him pause. He slowly took a deep breath with a long exhale, very deliberately relaxed his hands. He looked into the floor when he cleared his throat and said quietly,
“You can’t even tell this place was blown up a few weeks ago,” John said, inspecting the room from his seat. “You did a good job getting everything back in place.”
“I’m not like her. Am I?” The doctor did not need to know who ‘her’ was. He looked up in consternation, his concern bringing him to stand behind his friend.
“You kissed me earlier. Twice.” It was more definite than a question, but less confident than a statement. John smiled into his chest.
Shortly thereafter, the debacle with Euros unfolded. When they finally pulled John out of the well, he had been nearly unconscious and shivering so violently that he couldn’t speak. The rescue workers wrapped him in warm, dry blankets and whisked him away to an awaiting ambulance. He did, however, remember, Sherlock plowing through the workers to get to him. He remembered Sherlock’s arms around him briefly, with vice-like strength, and Sherlock’s broken voice whispering,
“I missed you. I missed you *so* much when I was gone,” I finally whispered in a tremulous yet emphatic voice. “I know that I had the very unfair advantage of knowing that you were alive, but it still hurt so deeply to miss you every minute of every day. I didn’t expect that. I had never cared about anyone before, so I vastly underestimated how painful it was going to be. It hurt more than the bitterly cold nights, more than the knife wounds, more than the hunger, more than the lashes on my back. It was…one of several major miscalculations on my part. ” The click of my swallow echoed in the thick silence of the room into which neither of us dared to breathe. “Truth,” I demanded with a sudden exhale.
“The overdose on the plane wasn’t accidental. You probably knew that. Or suspected it, at least. I was sent on a fatal mission. It was the price I had to pay for killing Magnussen. But I was determined not to spend another 2 years working alone in barren wastelands and die at the hands of some nameless criminal. I wanted to choose the terms of my death. I was never going to see you again and I wanted you to be the last person I spoke to. I wanted your words to be the last thing in my thoughts before oblivion set in. ” John’s fingers tightened around mine. “Truth.”
“Shhhh…” Sherlock, held him tightly, an arm circling his back and an arm pressing John’s head against his chest. The detective’s fingers gently caressed his friend’s hair. Eventually, John came back to himself. He drew deep, tremulous breaths as his tears subsided. He tried once again to articulate his thoughts…his fears.
“No, stay here. I think she’ll be fine with the extra blanket. If she’s too cold she will wake up and tell us about it. Come here, come closer. “ John pulled me tightly against him, pressing his back into my chest. My body craved his on so many levels and my heart fluttered as I struggled to keep my thoughts pure.
“Do you care what we watch?” he asked. Sherlock stretched out on the couch, legs once again over John’s lap, and steepled his hands under his chin. John smiled at his friend, settling his arms over Sherlock’s legs and affectionately squeezed his shins. “I’ll take that as a no.” Despite finding a rerun of a Bond film, the wine was heavy in his head and before long, he nodded back onto the couch and his mouth dropped open with a snore. Sherlock opened his eyes and took the opportunity to blatantly observe his best friend. The depth of his affection took him by force. He lifted his hand to touch John’s face…. I’m so glad I didn’t lose you, I’m so glad you let me in again, you’re my anchor, please come home, never leave, you’re my family, I lo—the words clawed their way out of his heart, climbed into the back of his throat, and pressed against his sealed lips. He closed his eyes, locking the words in, and fisted his hand before touching John. He didn’t want to push this…whatever this was that they were rebuilding. Friendship? He didn’t know many friends who regularly shared a bed. Even without (or especially without?) physical intimacy, he knew this was an unusual arrangement. He pulled John up from the couch,
“You’re coming to my house, Sherlock.”. Numbly, the detective nodded, too overwhelmed and fatigued to argue, even if he had wanted to. The wind from the chopper blades had chilled John again. Ever astute, Sherlock slipped off his Belstaff as they were about to get in to the awaiting vehicle. He wrapped it around John tightly. John protested,
It was 10am on a Thursday morning when the letter arrived. The sharp scent of coffee permeated the flat as John tucked two slices of bread into the toaster. London was already wide awake, cacophonous sounds of traffic rising to their flat on a warm spring draft as Sherlock shuffled into the kitchen, hair still askew from sleep, placing a soft hand on Rosie’s head as he passed. He had picked up the post from downstairs (in the hopes that the rare honey that he had ordered had arrived) and brought an official looking envelope to John. Despite having been conscious for only five minutes, it took Sherlock mere seconds to deduce that this envelope did not contain good news.
“Come home, John.” His voice had become suddenly rough. When John met his gaze, Sherlock fought the innate urge to look away, to hide his vulnerability. He was done with that. He was done with sidestepping the truth and covering his feelings for his friend. Life was too short for that—a lesson learned once After The Fall and again After Euros. And as he did so despise repetition, he didn’t need another lesson to prompt him to make a change.
“No, you won’t. This bed is big enough for both of us. “John headed toward his bedroom. Sherlock lingered, tendrils of hesitance and discomfort holding him back.
“Well, you know how I feel about it. I can’t lose him again, Mycroft.” He spoke to the elder Holmes, but his eyes were on the back of the younger. “It broke me the first time. And now, it’s not just me. We’re a family.” His throat was tight. There was no way he was going to be emotional in front of Mycroft and there was nothing more he could do, anyway. It was Sherlock’s decision, after all. He quickly stepped over the abandoned groceries, flew down the stairs and fled 221B.
And there was just enough of a command in John’s tone for a shiver to roll down Sherlock’s spine. He immediately set about undressing, carelessly tossing his clothes in a pile. He, unlike John, was not a quitter, and so he didn’t stop at just removing his shirt, instead stripping down to absolutely nothing, leaving him standing in his room completely nude in front of a man still half-dressed.
The alien stared at him in shock for a moment before tentatively laughing in return. It was low and deep and suffused with a happiness that seemed to surprise them. John thought it might have been one of his favourite sounds in the world.
A hand settled on his shoulder, and Sherlock jumped upright in bed, his heart pounding as he tried to fight back the urge to vomit enough to fight.
Sherlock shrugged and pushed their pasta around with their fork. “No one truly knows. Once someone leaves, they typically have very little contact with those back home. Most of them likely continue mimicking human form and set up a human life for themselves.”
“I thought we were going to kiss earlier, but I was wrong,” Sherlock said, and that was not what he had meant to say at all.
A few weeks later, Sherlock heard his classmates talking about Victor’s new girlfriend.  Her name was Cynthia, and she was blonde and pretty and giggled quite a bit.
When the reached the restaurant, they were seated almost instantly, owing to the fact that John had made them a reservation.  Sherlock busied himself with the menu, trying to keep himself occupied so he wouldn’t say anything too embarrassing.  As his eyes scanned the pastas, though, a thought occurred to him, and he dropped the menu back onto the table.  John glanced over at him, concern in his features.
Mycroft sighed again. “They had such unrealistic expectations when they left. It would be best for them if they went back, or they’re going to get hurt.”
And there were his suspicions somewhat confirmed. It was sweet in a way that SH, someone he had never really met, trusted him enough to want to work with him in the future. He was sure he was right in thinking that SH didn’t trust many people, so being one of the obvious few was quite an honour.
“What the hell is this?” Sherlock asked, frowning down at his drink. It proved to be a decent distraction from the minor crisis he was experiencing.  The drink tasted like cinnamon and fire, and it burned when it went down.
He was a bit obsessed, and the day his last case ended, he wasn’t able to keep that obsession from going to work on his flat.
Sherlock laughed. “I highly doubt we’ll be invited back to one of those. I believe that was what people call TMI.”
John handed him one of the cups.  “Cheers,” he said, tipping his own cup against Sherlock’s.  He took a swig of his whiskey, making a face as he swallowed it down. “Damn, that’s strong.”
Don’t let my acquiescence go to your head. I just didn’t want to deal with you being irritating about this for much longer.
Sherlock picked up his fork and twirled it around amidst the pasta he’d apparently ordered.  “Thank you,” he murmured, smiling faintly, cheeks still pink due to the topic at hand.
An elbow collided softly with his ribs.  “You don’t have to be so nervous,” Molly told him when he looked up at her.
[3 September, 7:52PM] You’re not fine, sweetheart. You need to eat. I’m going to bring some food, and I’ll sweep up the bits of that mug for you. JW
“Are you all right?” Molly asked him. He had almost forgotten that she was beside him.  “You look a little flushed.”
As a general rule, Sherlock avoided his university’s library. Normally, he would have appreciated the quiet, solitary environment that the library promised, but ever since Sebastian Wilkes had started working at the help desk up front, Sherlock found the library much less appealing. Wilkes had a habit of treating him like a circus act, and Sherlock had better things to do than to deal with that. Besides, ever since his roommate had moved out at the start of the term, he could get quiet solitude in his own room without the discomfort of running into anyone else.
him.  It had been obvious that John was attracted to him, at least physically, from their activities the night before, but John seemed to crave his company, at least enough to cause him to enlist the help of his friends like he had done. This was
John beamed up at him, and Sherlock was momentarily dazed by that brilliant grin and those sparkling eyes.  “Great,” John said, sounding incredibly enthusiastic about his response. He pulled his phone out and handed it to Sherlock.  “Here, put your number in.  That way we’ll be able to arrange where to meet up once the game’s over.”
Eventually, Sherlock was getting far too bored to keep up the pretense of being busy any longer.  He began to pack his things away, noting that John immediately looked over at him as he started to move.
“You’re going to pay for that,” the man growled, and Sherlock did his best to look unimpressed in spite of the man’s fists gripping his suit jacket in a hold that would certainly damage the material.
He had gone there for fairly innocent reasons. Marcia Short came to him convinced that her fiancé was a member of the team that had committed a rather elaborate and compelling bank heist a few days earlier. This was the second such heist to take place during the time in which her fiancé, Marvin Gash, was home on military leave.   Ms. Short had thought it too much of a coincidence to ignore, and Sherlock decided that potentially capturing such an impressive thief warranted his attention.
Sherlock tried to clear his thoughts.  He would not be upset about this.  He would get over it.  He hardly needed romantic attachments, anyway.
Sherlock hadn’t even considered the possibility of a one-time thing. Had John propositioned him when they’d first met, he surely would have assumed that a single night was all the man wanted, and he likely would have turned John down as a result. Now, though, after growing increasingly close to one another over nearly two months, Sherlock couldn’t fathom the thought that this might have all been in pursuit of a quick shag. “Neither am I,” he told John.
“You’re gorgeous,” Victor would tell him.  “I so glad I have you all to myself, and you’ve got me.” And Sherlock, inexperienced as he had been, had believed him.
, yes, clearly he was having some effect on John, and the sheer size of the hardness pressed against his leg made Sherlock dizzy. He decided that he needed to see what John was hiding
Just as he felt on the verge of collapsing, two firefighters stepped calmly through the flames, protected by their thick boots and trousers. One of them—a lower-ranking member, he couldn’t help but notice—stepped forward and took the victim off of his shoulder. Sherlock stumbled to the side with the loss of her weight, and he started to wonder whether or not they had been supporting one another equally all along. The other firefighter—white helmet, signaling higher rank—scooped Sherlock in his arms without a moment of hesitation.
A high-pitched giggle broke through the radio static. Sherlock stared, in shock, as the noise filled the air. The men around him seemed to be equally as stunned, though whether that was from the deduction or the reaction was unclear.
There was a long delay after that, the first real break in their stream of conversation. John wasn’t quite sure what to make of that. There was clearly something about the military that perturbed SH, though he could hardly fathom what it was. Even if SH was aggressively anti-war, surely he would have thought to write out his feelings in a text.
John didn’t want to keep pushing the issue when praise clearly made SH uncomfortable in some way, so he didn’t reply. Besides, for all he knew, his mystery stranger could have been some fifty-year-old man preying on wrong numbers. While he knew that this was a logical possibility, he couldn’t help but try conjuring up an image of SH as a man his own age, clever and interesting and somehow both a bit arrogant and modest. He imagined Mike and his girlfriend, sitting together on Mike’s bed, and replaced their figures with his own and his imagined version of SH as a young man. God, he was a romantic. It was terrible.
John gave a shy smile and ducked his head.  “Well, you see, Sarah also goes to the library pretty often, and since you were never there when I was, I had her promise to text me if she ever caught sight of you in there.  When she saw you on Thursday, she told me, and then I came running from class to find you before you left.”  He rubbed the back of his neck.  “Pretty lame, I guess, but there you have it.”
“Wow,” John said as he walked over toward them, flicking his eyes up to meet Sherlock’s.  “I mean, hi. You ready to head out?”
Sherlock bit his lip and ducked his head, unable to look at that brilliant grin anymore without risking permanent damage to his cognitive processes.
John’s hopes for a possible reconciliation were dashed, though, when Sherlock led them into a little clearing (a man-made one—or, in this case, alien made). All the trees in the area had been knocked down by what could have only been the ship Sherlock had used to get to Earth in the first place. It looked very much like something out of a sci-fi film (though, as Sherlock reminded him, science
“You’re a goddamn treasure, you know that?” he murmured, hissing a bit as he started to stroke his cock. He looked down at Sherlock, at those sweaty curls and that flushed face and those wide, dreamy eyes. God, the way Sherlock had looked when he’d come had been the most incredible thing John had ever seen. John would never be able to come back from having seen it.
—into the bedroom. John tossed him down on the bed, and Sherlock grunted at being dropped so suddenly and shot John a half-hearted glare. John merely smirked at him.
John blinked and glanced down at himself, appearing almost surprised with the fact that, yes, he was indeed standing at ease. He shifted awkwardly, clearly working to get himself out of that habitual stance. He looked back up at Sherlock. “Amazing.” And he really did sound impressed now. His lips had quirked upward into a little smile, and his eyes seemed to be sparkling, which didn’t seem strictly but was clearly happening nonetheless.
But, like all holidays, this one was meant to end before too long. John had started looking around for clinic work, as he took the lull between cases to mean that Sherlock didn’t have a steady enough job to support them both, and as much as Sherlock liked the idea of John taking care of him in all aspects, including financially, he loathed the thought that John would be forced to stick to a somewhat regular schedule.
John pulled Sherlock by the arm until he got out of bed. “I have been shot, and let me tell you, you looked in worse shape than I ever was when recovering.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, shut it again, and then swallowed down the last of his wine. Except that, with his wine gone, he had nothing to occupy himself with as a distraction from John. He could feel his cheeks turning pinker by the second, and he made sure to keep eye contact with John. If he looked confident enough, his blush might appear to be a trick of the lighting. How could he be confident, though, when he was entirely out of his depth?
And then they started to notice that he was different as well. That was when it started to get worse. They turned cruel. They would call him names when they thought he wasn’t listening; sometimes, they would do it when they knew he was. The words hurt, and Sherlock would go home in tears more often than not.
He looked around, trying to locate John in the relative bustle of the café. Sherlock finally caught sight of John coming out of the back, where he had clearly been baking judging by the flour that covered his apron.
Sherlock seemed content and finished off the rest of his toast. He paused for a moment longer and added, “I’m going to try working more cases with Scotland Yard, though, so I might not always be available.”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively through the air. They weren’t quite looking at John anymore, appearing instead to be retreating into their own mind. “Think nothing of it.”
The man beside Donovan, the one who wanted to have sex with her, seemed to pick up on just who she was targeting. “Never have I ever faked my death,” he said with pride.
There were certainly a good number of people waiting for someone there, but not one of those people was John Watson. John likely would have been wearing his full military kit as well, so it wasn’t as if he’d be inconspicuous.
“What brings you here?” the man asked, grinning back with a smile that showed his teeth just a bit too much to be comfortable to look at.
Sherlock had stopped speaking and was now looking intently over at John. “Why are you sitting like that?” he asked, still smiling uncertainly, as if he wanted to be in on the joke but didn’t yet know what it was. He glanced up and saw John’s rugby mates. His smile dropped, and for a split second, he looked hurt before his expression shuttered off entirely. “Oh,” he said, as if understanding everything.
Sherlock’s mood almost immediately got worse. He glared at his landlady. “Mrs. Hudson, what have I told you about letting strangers come into my flat without my permission?”
The blue-green-purple man, looking a little more blue and green right then, obediently shuffled down the tree trunk until he landed softly on the ground. He then stepped out onto the path across from John, staring in obvious curiosity at John’s gun.
She entered her number (not her name, John noticed, and he hoped that he would somehow remember what it was by the time morning came) and handed the mobile back. John winked at her and said, “Cheers,” before ushering Stamford out of the pub, trying desperately to get back to their flat without any vomiting.
Sherlock looked pleased at the praise, as he always did, and turned away from the mess on the coffee table to face John fully. “Your nails are meticulously clean. So are your clothes. The lines in them indicate that they’re folded with precision before you wear them. They’re not expensive, but you take care of them. That indicates a long-standing personal habit of ordered cleanliness. A man like that wouldn’t have a messy flat.”
“I can pay next time,” he offered, subtly testing to see whether or not John would want another date.
Sherlock let out a frustrated noise, but dropped their hand to their side. John was glad, as he had no idea how a bee sting would affect someone like Sherlock, someone not of this world.
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek. “Don’t worry, love,” he murmured. “It’s not a bad thing. It’s rather sweet. You’re worried about me.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped over to his. “My people aren’t known for kindness or emotion. We prioritise intellect and logic above all else. Sentiment gets in the way of all that.”
Before he could retort, there was a telltale crackle of incoming communication from the radio of man with the white marks on his collar. “Murray, why the hell are you not inside the building yet? You, Wilson, and Patel were meant to already be inside conducting structural assessments,” the voice on the radio said.
Sherlock’s previously petulant expression was cracked by a small smile. “Sod Mycroft,” they agreed. They settled down against John, head resting on his good shoulder. “So,” they said, looking away almost sheepishly. “I found a woman online who’s willing to lease us a flat in central London for half the normal price.”
[1:19AM] No, you’ll just sacrifice your life to save someone else, and you won’t think about me while making the decision to do that, either. SH
In hindsight, Sherlock probably could have been a bit more tactful. Instead of asking his client to meet him and then saying, “I informed your wife that her missing jewelry is with your mistress,” he probably could have sent a text and kept his doors locked. Unfortunately, he had not considered the fact that his client had a particularly violent temper before revealing his findings, and he was now face-to-face with a furious man who had just had his affair revealed to his wife of four years.
Lestrade nodded. “Just found him.” He paused for a moment, as if getting up the nerve to add, “Will you come?” He clearly hated asking for help from someone like Sherlock, a relatively young former drug user and all around unpleasant man, but at least he had enough sense to know that it was better to seek Sherlock’s help than let a murderer go free. That was more than could be said about half of Lestrade’s colleagues.
I don’t miss you. I talk to you all the time. Besides, I only knew you for approximately ten hours before you were on a plane back to your precious war.
“You’re moping,” Molly told him.  She had asked him to help her study for an upcoming exam, and as he had steadfastly refused to go to the library to do that, the two of them were currently seated on the floor of his room, books and notes spread between them.
When Sherlock looked away from his retreating form, he noticed that Donovan was staring at him with something akin to a devious smirk on her face. “What?” he demanded, not liking that expression at all.
Sherlock groaned again, loudly and dramatically, and John was grinning harder than he thought possible. He brought one hand up to stroke through Sherlock’s (ridiculously, impossibly, devastatingly) soft hair, feeling the little bumps where their antennae had been.
John felt about ready to die at the thought of having to continue to listen to her ramble on about her boring interests, but he figured it never hurt to try. Perhaps she would end up being the love of his life and they would later reflect on how awkward their first meeting had been. (The truly romantic part of him was convinced that he would simply
Sherlock glanced over at him, just briefly, and said, “Suffering through a few minutes of small-talk with a creep is a small price to pay for catching a killer.” It was a very noble sentiment, he though after, and he did believe it, but it hardly made it any easier to pull himself away from John and return to his table.
Lestrade, who was seated beside John, leaned over and whispered, “Christ, John, he looks young, doesn’t he?”
“Hello, Sherlock,” she said with a smile, taking in his eye-patch with apparent amusement.  “And hello to you, too, Joey,” she added when the dog butted his nose into her leg.
. Significantly bigger than Sherlock, who knew that he was only moderately below the national average. Thick, too. That was the sort of cock people dreamt of.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck and pulled him down to deepen the kiss. He was feeling more confident in this whole kissing business by that point, learning from John, mimicking his movements and experimenting with new forms. He hoped that they would continue this arrangement for some time afterward so that he could get as good at kissing as John obviously was.
“Yes,” he found himself saying, in spite of the rational reasons for turning John down. He cleared his throat and set his wine glass down on the coffee table. “That is to say, yes, I want this.” He wasn’t one for casual sex—or sex at all, really—but John had paid for dinner, and there was something about their interactions that indicated more than just carnal interest.
By the time his entire cock was buried in Sherlock’s arse, both of them were out of breath, and Sherlock was letting out soft, desperate noises with every exhale.
When they were outside, John pulled him down into a proper kiss, and although Sherlock was still a bit confused, he relaxed into it all the same.
Lestrade and his girlfriend looked a bit sheepish, but Murray and his boyfriend high-fived one another, clearly unashamed. The only one having an adverse reaction, John noted, was Wilkes, who was glaring at Sherlock viciously.
Okay, so this was three weeks instead of two, but that's still more on target than I was last time!  Sorry about that, but I hope you enjoy!
Sherlock slowly dropped their hands away from their face, studying John’s expression as if trying to determine how honest he was being. “So you want me to be your significant other?” they asked slowly.
John shifted closer and lifted his free arm up to rest on the back of the sofa. Sherlock felt his stomach flip. It was almost like John was making a move on him, but he knew it was foolish to truly believe that without further proof.
Sherlock was mildly offended that John had essentially implied that he’d looked bad during the last seventy-two hours. “What were you shot doing?” he asked as John continued pulling at his arm until he followed him into the loo.
Lestrade gave Sherlock a wry smirk. “When I got here, the watch manager came over and told me that you and I have permission to enter the scene before the final checks are done. He seemed very impressed by you.”
Sherlock merely nodded blankly for a moment before remembering that he was supposed to be leaving the library.  “Right,” he said, slinging his bag back over his shoulder.  “Right.  I’ll see you tomorrow, John.”  And he got out of the library as quickly as he could to keep from making more of an idiot of himself.
Still smiling, Sherlock pulled his doctor/handyman/heartthrob out onto the street so that they could catch a cab to their first crime scene together. This was going to be
Sherlock knew that this was a test, but he couldn’t exactly back out now. After all, he had told John that he would go to the party.  He fought back a smile at the memory of John inviting him to all of this in the first place. “That might not be unbearable,” he said.
John’s smile widened, clearly pleased that Sherlock was engaging. “No, of course not,” he agreed. “I’m sure it would take more than this to hurt the feelings of Sherlock Holmes.” He kissed Sherlock’s cheek again and then pressed their lips together chastely, sweetly. “I am sorry, though. I feel like I need to make it up to you somehow.” John kissed him again, this time parting his lips and lingering for slightly longer. Sherlock, who had been fairly unresponsive before, found himself reciprocating instantly. The kisses deepened a bit, but John kept them gentle rather than dirty.
“That’s fantastic,” John said, grinning over at him, apparently equally as proud. Sherlock forced back the rest of his drink to keep his mouth occupied.  “Is that what you’ve been busy doing for the past two weeks?”
Later, when they had collapsed in bed in a sweaty heap, Sherlock considered that he might have been wrong about John. He could hear John’s heartbeat, steady and strong, where his head was resting on John’s chest. John was sleeping, but Sherlock couldn’t seem to get himself to do the same. He wasn’t willing to get his hopes up, but the fact that John had come to Baker Street and wanted to have sex with him in spite of Sherlock’s tardiness earlier that day
When Sherlock failed to reply, John merely continued talking. “Do you mind if I sit here? There’s someone at my usual table.”
John raised his eyebrows and looked incredulously down at Sherlock. “How the hell did you manage that?” he asked. “You’ve only had probably two hours of wifi in the past two months, and now you’ve suddenly found us a discounted flat in central London?”
“I should still get a point for accurately describing what was drawn,” Sherlock argued. He couldn’t believe the unfairness of this. John was at fault for doing the drawing incorrectly. “You said we got points based on guessing. Well, I correctly guessed what you put up there. I demand a point.” He stomped his foot in emphasis.
“I’m going to end up getting tired of the sound of my own voice,” John said, feeling that already happening. “Until you learn to speak English, you might just need to deal with a bit of silence from me.”
“I’m dying, Mrs. Hudson,” he called, shutting his eyes once more, “so perhaps you could get me some more biscuits instead of worrying about the state of the kitchen.”
One week in, and they’d developed a routine for themselves by that point. John hoped that settling into it would just make it more difficult for Sherlock to break themselves away, but he knew that Sherlock would likely just get tired of the routine itself and leave. They seemed like the sort to do that.
John pulled back a bit, and Sherlock pouted. That earned him another quick peck, so it wasn’t all bad. “Well, to start, I’d love to move in with you,” he said. Sherlock opened his mouth, brow furrowed, but John continued before he could speak: “And I mean that. I’m not just saying it. Just because I hadn’t thought about it before doesn’t mean it’s not a good idea. I mean, it’s a bit fast, but you already know everything about me, and I know enough about you, so I think it might work.”
him.  It was that thought that finally caused the heat inside of him to explode, electric pleasure consuming him until his whole world was white-hot and incandescent.
John leveled them with a cold expression. As if they didn’t know. He wasn’t sure what game they were playing, but he wasn’t having it. “Your way back to your own planet.” And then, to prove that he could be as detached as Sherlock was, he added, “Leave tomorrow for all I care.” With that, he turned on his heel and stormed off.
It took a moment before John seemed able to tear himself away and meet Sherlock’s curious gaze.  “Yeah, we were. Here, I know a shortcut.” He put his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, glancing over at Molly and Lestrade before setting off.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up at that. They were apparently so excited at the prospect of a cobbler that they tried to get John to just skip dinner altogether and jump straight into dessert. John tried to remind himself that Sherlock had no idea that moving straight to dessert had certain sexual implications on some societies.
It wasn’t long before all of the primatologists had picked up on it. During the night, John could hear the lot of them whispering about him and Sherlock. The walls were thin and cracked, so it was hardly as if he had to go out of his way to eavesdrop. He might have been annoyed about it, except that he was quite proud of people knowing that the two of them were together, and most of the researchers merely commented on how cute they were together. John couldn’t really argue with them there.
Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “Yes, but we need to look appealing to the killer, and we can’t exactly manage that if we look like a couple rather than two single men on the prowl.” As much as he liked looking like a couple with John, and as much as he wanted other people to see them looking like a couple, he knew that the case would require that they separate from one another, at least until there was word on their man.
“Yeah, that’s it, baby,” he said, watching as a flush crawled up Sherlock’s neck and into his cheeks. “So hot. Just like that.”
And before Sherlock could be grateful for the fact that there would be another time, before Sherlock could ponder what it would entail to ‘lose his mind,’ John’s mouth was on him, lips wrapping tightly around the tip. Sherlock tossed his head back, taken aback by the suddenness of the sensation. It was like nothing else he’d ever experienced. Hot and wet and unbearably erotic. He never could have imagined this, never could have anticipated what it would feel like. He gripped the sheets on either side of him tightly, not sure he could let go if he tried. John’s mouth went further down on his cock, easily able to accommodate his full length. Sherlock thought he might be dying.
Sherlock smiled down at his phone, thumbs hovering over the keys. He could very well write something mundane and nonessential in reply.  However, that ran the risk of making him look desperate to continue the conversation (which he was, but John didn’t need to know that).  Instead, then, Sherlock locked his phone screen and tossed it onto his desk.  This way, he ideally wouldn’t seem too desperate.  Or perhaps he would just come off as cold and uncaring.  He bit his lip, staring over at his mobile.  Why was this so difficult?  He texted Molly all the time, and he had never put so much effort into a simple conversation before.
Sorry this chapter took so long, but here it is, the finale!  There will in all likelihood be a short epilogue to this in the next few weeks, so keep an eye out for it!
Molly definitely knew something was up at that point.  Sherlock rarely deigned to call anything ‘interesting.’ “Greg invited me to go, so I was thinking about it.”  She paused, studying him, before adding, “There’s a party afterward I might go to. You can come along, if you want.”
John blinked and straightened up a bit. He had been staring, he realised. While the team had been interrogating his date, he’d just been caught up in looking at him, in thinking about him. A bit embarrassing, that, but he wasn’t sorry about being caught. “You’re incredibly captivating,” he said, and he knew it sounded overly romantic, but he figured that Sherlock could use a little more romance.
Sherlock smiled back, and for the first time since this had all started, he allowed himself to accept it as reality rather than an unlikely possibility.
“I want you inside of me,” he said, and while he’d tried to make it sound sexy, he only ended up coming off needy. He was too turned on to care.
Sensing that perhaps they would want to climb up to get to the howlers again, John added, “And don’t even think about climbing up another tree. I’m not going to get you down. I’ll just let the monkeys have you.”
Sherlock wrapped one leg around John’s waist and tried to pull him down, but John refused to move. Sherlock whined and tried to rock his hips up against John’s, but there was too much distance between them for him to get any friction.
She smiled sympathetically back. “Don’t worry about it,” she replied, her high, thin voice grating on him. She put on what must have been intended as a coy expression and added, “You could text me sometime, maybe, and we could pick up this conversation.”
Sherlock gave them a tight smile.  “It’s not a trick,” he murmured quietly.  Still, he glanced at the members of the group, sorting through the minute details there.
“Have fun on your trip back home,” they said, and—was that his own voice? “I want you to go back where you came from,” the stranger said, and they sounded an awful lot like John himself. “I don’t want you here anymore. You’re annoying me. A show-off. A smart-arse. I never wanted to go to London with you. You shouldn’t have gotten your hopes up.”
Sherlock grimaced. “They’re not very interesting, but many of them are content with their monotony. They mate, eat, sleep, and work.”
Sherlock cried for the first time since Redbeard had died, and he started to wonder if Mycroft might have been right all those years ago.
God, somehow talking about this with Molly was about as embarrassing as it would have been to bring it up with his mother.  “Yes,” he muttered at last, because while Sherlock had remained fully clothed the whole time, and while John had been the one to bring himself off, it was indeed true that both of them had reached orgasm. “We kissed, too.” It felt important to add that. “It wasn’t just…you know, the carnal stuff.  We kissed.”
They’d developed a routine for themselves by that point. John hoped that settling into it would just make it more difficult for Sherlock to break themselves away, but he knew that Sherlock would likely just get tired of the routine itself and leave. They seemed like the sort to do that.
Sherlock looked over at John and shook their head slowly. “I don’t want a normal human life,” they said.
Sherlock had his lips parted already the next time John kissed him, and he found that that was far more practical.  Their tongues brushed together, and again, it didn’t taste like much. How, then, could it have been so
Sherlock ducked his head and fought back a blush.  Ah, yes, the two weeks where he’d operated under false assumptions and had removed himself from John’s presence.  There was always something, it seemed, and this time, that ‘something’ had been a rather large thing to miss.
Sherlock groaned and tossed his phone across the room.  Useless.  Molly would be utterly unable to distract him if Lestrade was distracting her.  What was the use in having friends if they couldn’t be there to keep him occupied at a moment’s notice?  That was a ridiculous thing to expect, he knew, but he couldn’t help it in his current state.
Sherlock stayed where he was, pressed against the wall, because he wasn’t entirely certain what else to do.  He didn’t go to parties often, and he had no interest in socialising with anyone else that was in attendance.  He merely hoped that John actually planned on returning to him at some point.
John had nodded, and Mike had slapped him on the back and invited him out to the pub, saying, “Tell me everything.”
But then John was there, in full view, and Sherlock took in his war-wearied face, his awkward gait, his hair that had grown out a bit beyond the standard military length. John looked tired. He was tanner than he’d been when he left. His hands seemed more calloused as well. He seemed to have lost some of his muscle weight since being shot, but he was still as slim and as fit as he’d been when they’d first met. The cane didn’t bear his weight when he was standing, but he leaned on it heavily when he walked. The bag slung over his right shoulder was almost immediately dropped to the floor, as if it had been excruciating holding it up.
like him—don’t get that sort of happy ending. He had really, truly believed them, which made it all the more surprising when John made it clear on that first night that they were—for all intents and purposes—in a romantic relationship, albeit a temporary one. John held his hand constantly when they went out, kissed his cheek whenever the urge arose, snogged him up against every piece of furniture in the flat. John told him that he was beautiful and perfect. John brushed his hair out of his face in the morning and cooked him breakfast and acted interested in his work and experiments.
That first morning after they’d followed John back to the main house, he’d woken to find them standing at the foot of his bed at half past four, just when the howlers were giving their morning calls.
John looked up from his work, his expression something Sherlock almost wanted to define as hopeful. “Is that so? Well, if you ever need an assistant, give me a call.”
“Look,” he said, breaking the silence. “I haven’t seen anyone else who’s likely to be a suspect.” He didn’t mention the fact that his eyes had essentially been glued to John and the twink who had been beside him up until the creep had sat across from him. “If this man turns out not to be the killer, we can sit together and re-group before picking out more potential suspects.” Having some time together would likely help ease some of the tension that had clearly been building in each of them.
“Never have I ever been kept in hospital.” Sherlock, John, and a few others drank to that, leaving John and Sherlock with eight fingers up each. Apparently things that most normal people had not done were the sorts of things that the two of them did regularly, leaving them closer to losing the game than anyone else.
“Oh, John,” Sarah said the next time the researchers returned to El Panadero. “I see you’ve found yourself an assistant.” She smiled tightly over at Sherlock, clearly picking up on the familiarity between them and John.
He felt foolish for reading into this so much. He might have been totally gone on Sherlock, but that certainly didn’t mean that Sherlock wanted the same thing. Hell, Sherlock might not have wanted him to stay the night, and now he had messed everything up, and he was just going to move out of the country, and—
“The vet needs to put him to sleep,” Mummy had told him. He was eleven years old, and he knew what that meant.  It meant that Redbeard would not be coming back.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at that, and John, seeming to sense his smile, looked over at him softly, just for a moment. Sherlock was able to take solace in that brief, shared moment.
Sherlock stood from where he had been crouched at the victim’s side. “He was murdered,” he announced. “This wasn’t a death from natural causes. I’d guess that he was ambushed when he came home. His keys were dropped by the door in the ensuing struggle. The killer posed him on the sofa and took his shoes off to make it seem like he’d been relaxing at home.”
Sherlock shuddered. There was something about the way John talked to him that made him feel hot all over.
Twenty. That was actually not a bad age for SH in comparison to John himself. He would be twenty-four in a few months, but even four years was hardly that big of a difference, especially not with someone as clever as this man appeared to be.
“You were imitating my voice just now, weren’t you?” John asked, taking a step forward into the room. He remembered how Sherlock had offered to modify their voice when they’d first started speaking, choosing to mimic John’s as an alternative.
.” John’s voice had gone low and dangerous. Sherlock shivered. There was no doubt that John would follow through with his threat.
The stranger nodded, grinning at him again, and took a sip of his drink. “You know what I like already.”
John brought their mouths close together, not quite touching but promising that touching was to come.
“Hey, Sherlock,” Lestrade called to him with a smile as they passed one another, Lestrade walking toward the stands Sherlock had just vacated.
Sherlock felt a bit of panic settle in his stomach, but John didn’t appear to be scolding him for his own obviousness. Perhaps because they were both being sappy, John wasn’t going to be upset with him alone. Sherlock made a mental note to try not to be so obvious when they were out so as not to violate the rules of their relationship.
John allowed this slow exploration to occur with a hint of amusement on his face.   “Bedroom?” he asked. “If you want this to move in that direction.”
He’s a soldier.  We met around six or seven months ago when he was on leave.  He came back to visit last week.
Thank you so much to the people who've been leaving comments/kudos!  It means so much to me!  The next chapter will be up on Sunday, probably in the afternoon, so keep an eye out for that.
John could apparently tell what he meant just by watching his face. He pulled off of Sherlock’s cock and almost immediately replaced his mouth with the hand that had been on Sherlock’s hip, tugging at him almost ruthlessly. He pulled his finger out of Sherlock’s arse only to press at his hole again with two fingers. Once John had worked them inside, he set a pace that matched the one his other hand had taken on Sherlock’s cock. It was a masterfully coordinated effort, and Sherlock was appreciating it immensely.
Sherlock groaned and covered their face with their hands. “He’s such an insufferable know-it-all. Why can’t he just keep his mouth shut for once and not interfere with my life?” Their ears were tinged green.
Sherlock’s head was thrown back, his cheeks flushed red, forehead covered in sweat. He imagined he must look a mess, and he was surprised that John apparently hadn’t lost interest. On the contrary, given the little sympathetic groans John was making, it seemed that this whole experience was mutually pleasurable.
He checked the time on his phone. It was well past the time John’s flight landed, and yet the man hadn’t texted. Sherlock had a brief moment of panic, thinking that perhaps John simply wasn’t going to speak to him at all. Their relationship started with the unexpected arrival of a text, and it was going to end with the absence of an expected text. Or possibly John had gotten injured, and Sherlock hadn’t gone to fetch him from the airport, and now it was his fault that John was in some terrible situation, and Sherlock was never going to forgive himself, and—
“Sorry about him,” the owner offered with an apologetic smile. She was tugging on her dog’s lead, but the animal refused to budge, too fascinated by Sherlock’s scent.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, and though he thought it would be difficult to slur one syllable, John’s expression, tightening with concern, seemed to indicate that he’d done as much.
John immediately held his hand out and stood up so quickly he nearly toppled over his chair. “No, no,” he said. “I got it. It’s on me.”
[3 September, 7:45PM] What do you mean, you don’t think so? Do you not remember when you last ate? JW
“Not necessary.” Sherlock did look up at him then, and John was surprised at the hardness in his gaze. “Besides, another friend of yours might walk in if we were to relocate, and we can’t risk them seeing you on a date with me, can we?”
As John stood up completely, his penis now fully exposed for Sherlock, all thoughts of teasing him evaporated.
Everyone in the room, including the forensics technicians who had been busying themselves in areas of the flat as far away from Sherlock as possible, stared at John, who was standing there as if he hadn’t just offered a profound insight.
“What have you done to the sink?” she asked disapprovingly. “This had better not be part of one of your experiments. Oh, and the toaster.” She moved over to that obviously damaged appliance and examined it. Her little exclamations continued for a bit, but he didn’t bother listening to her list all of the other items he had placed under distress.
John gave a short, humourless laugh. “I’d noticed that, yeah. After about two hours, I looked up your website again and saw your new address on it. Not exactly safe, that, but I came by, and your landlady let me up.”
As expected, John pulled Sherlock’s trousers and pants off in one go and sat back on his heels at the food of the bed, staring. He licked his lips, eyes moving up and down Sherlock’s body as if this wasn’t the thirteenth time John had seen it in the last six days.
Hello!  I'm so sorry for the long delay between chapters!  This story hasn't been abandoned, rest assured.  I just wrote the first half of the chapter, got to where there was going to be a sex scene, got very busy, remembered that I had to write the sex scene, got writer's block, and continued to be too busy to work through it.  Since it's been over 3 weeks, I decided to just adjust the ending of what I had written and post that!
Sherlock could feel a ridiculously sappy smile unfurling on his lips, and John’s expression only got brighter in response. “Mrs. Hudson will be thrilled,” he said.
The man, still smirking in a way that made Sherlock want to slap him, had the audacity to reach under the table and grab Sherlock’s thigh. “What do you think?” he asked, his tone somewhere between playful and threatening.
yes,” or, “That’s it, baby, take it,” or, “God, you’re gorgeous,” and Sherlock’s ability to speak steadily degraded until all he was able to do was moan out something that sounded vaguely like John’s name.
“There’s a second bedroom upstairs,” she told them as they entered the flat for the first time, “if you’ll be needing two.”
In the absence of the distraction, John put a little more command in his voice and again growled, “Get down from the tree.”
“I don’t know what led you to that conclusion,” Sherlock muttered, trying to turn his attention back to his food.
“I didn’t mean for that to happen,” Sherlock said, not even hearing him, apparently. “That wasn’t my intention.” And while he outwardly seemed mostly composed, his voice, tight and distressed, belied that composure.
When he was done, he released Sherlock’s hair and let go of his own softening erection. Sherlock leaned back slowly, licking at the head and swallowing. John groaned at the sight and felt his cock twitch half-heartedly. He immediately bent down and kissed Sherlock again, faintly able to taste himself on Sherlock’s tongue. When he was too exhausted to stay in that position any longer, he broke the kiss and flopped onto his back on the bed. Sherlock immediately rolled over and wrapped around him, head on John’s shoulder.
The alien was sitting on the counter trying to bite into the side of a watermelon, but their teeth didn’t seem capable of piercing the exterior. There were books and papers from the station’s “library” scattered about. Nearly every text was about the monkeys endemic to the adjacent forest, and every one was written in English, but by the looks of it, the alien had tried to read them all.
flat, young man, and I am letting you stay in for a very low price, so I can let in repairmen when I see fit.”
John surprised him, though, when he said, “I’d love a glass of wine.” John smiled over at him from where he’d made himself comfortable on the sofa.
John cocked his head to the side at the choice of words, but he supposed that they weren’t wrong. “Yeah,” he said. “I guess so. I mean, you don’t have to commit to anything right now, but I am quite gone on you.”
“You may want to hide these things,” John told them later as they prepared to leave for town. He reached up and brushed his fingertips lightly over Sherlock’s antennae. He became suddenly aware of how little they usually touched outside of John’s hand occasionally resting on Sherlock’s elbow. The contact felt ridiculously electrified.
Shortly before John was set to arrive, Molly dashed off, promising that she would be awake when he got back from the date if he wanted to talk about it. That left Sherlock alone with his thoughts, which was a very dangerous place to be when he was as anxious as he currently was.  Simultaneously thrilled and terrified, he considered faking illness at least three times before there was finally a knock at the door of his room.
John let out a little laugh.  “Yeah, you were pretty gone last night.”  Concern flashed over his features.  “You still remember what happened, don’t you?”
John smiled, and that was probably the first proper smile those researchers had ever seen from him. “Yeah, I did. This is Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, this is the team of primatologists that uses this base.”
Sherlock carefully stored away this new information about John.  Lived a few blocks from campus, likely with a party-loving roommate, but did not enjoy being at parties for too long at a time.  That was interesting.  Then again, any information about John was interesting.
,” Mrs. Hudson called, sounding much like she’d done when she had discovered the toes in the fridge.
Sherlock eyed the dog warily, having never seen one up close before. He reached out his hand, ever so cautiously, and gently stroked along the dog’s back.  Joey immediately moved closer to Sherlock and set about licking his face.  At the time, Sherlock had been sure that the dog was smiling back at him.  He giggled his little giggle and held his hands up in front of his face in a halfhearted attempt at deterring Joey’s loving attack.
“Fell out of a tree when I was six while trying to get a closer look at some bees, and ended up breaking my arm,” Sherlock explained. He was starting to feel much more kindly toward this game. If it allowed him to discover more things about John, then he figured he could certainly play it through to the end. After all, he simply loved knowing things about John.
Sherlock hurriedly untied his scarf from around his neck. The fabric was damp enough that it might actually help prevent further smoke inhalation. “Here,” he said, balling it up and pressing it over her nose and mouth lightly. “Hold this right there. It should help.”
,” John murmured when he pulled back. Sherlock started to look a bit self-conscious, so John trailed kisses up their neck to their lips. “It’s hot,” he added.
Lestrade was drawn out into entryway by the shout. “What’s going on here?” he demanded. He frowned over at John. “Captain Watson, right? The firefighter?”
John stared at him for a moment, seemingly steeling himself, before he licked his lips and slowly advanced, like a predator stalking its prey. “You could always repay me in some
[1:37AM] Yes. You’re really being inconvenienced here. It’s not like your boyfriend is off in a war-zone. SH
Sherlock grimaced.  He might have been a bit too obvious there.  Best to take the focus off of himself, then.
When he was finished, John collapsed onto the bed next to Sherlock, rolling on his side so that they were as close as possible. Sherlock turned his head to face John, studying the man’s expression.
He hadn’t been expecting an immediate reply. He’d gotten pretty good at figuring out when Sherlock would hesitate and when he wouldn’t. He was feeling ridiculously proud of himself for that. Yet another bit of Sherlock’s personality that he was slowly discovering after a frankly ridiculous amount of texting.
“I was planning on being overseas with the army at this point,” John explained distractedly as he simultaneously picked up the table’s collapsed legs to determine their viability. “And then suddenly I had a bullet wound instead of a job, and you kind of need a job, so here I am for now.”
When he got to the first split between two paths, he cupped his hands around his mouth and hooted loudly, hoping that whoever was out there would give a response as they had done the day before. He wasn’t disappointed.
Molly sighed, though there was still an edge of mirth in her voice when she spoke.  “Because he’s obviously still interested in you.  If he thought it was just a drunken mistake, would he have left that note out for you this morning?  Would he have asked you to come meet him when you woke up?”
Sherlock rolled their eyes at John in the way they sometimes did when they thought he was being an idiot. John was found it to be oddly endearing. “My species doesn’t follow your human gender constructs. We’re classified as beings with or without certain genitalia.”
Sherlock crossed their arms over their chest and narrowed their eyes at the blatant hostility in John’s voice. “That’s obviously a lie.”
,” and they hadn’t stopped repeating that phrase until John had agreed to go down to the river to help them gather up the bones so they could attempt to reassemble them back at the house.)
The alien gave an irritated click and crossed their arms. John was amazed at the way they seemed to understand him after less than twenty-four hours together. He was also rather surprised at some of the body language similarities across their different species.
Ahh, I'm several days late with this!  Sorry!  I'd make up some excuse, but honestly it just took me longer to write this than I was expecting.
“That sounds like fun,” the man to Donovan’s left hurried to say. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. He was a relatively new forensics technician that had worked extensively with Lestrade’s team over his short career, and he was clearly looking to sleep with Sally. He probably would have agreed to any of her idiotic ideas.
[25 August, 5:22PM] No, I just didn’t get paid for that job because I didn’t end up finishing it. JW
Sherlock stopped in the doorway to his bedroom and glanced pointedly down at the steadily growing bulge in the front of John’s jeans. “I’m not the only one who’s eager, it seems.”
So when Lestrade texted him about a man who had died of indeterminate causes, Sherlock immediately responded,
He stared at John’s naked torso. John was tan and fit and unbearably attractive. There was a scar on his left shoulder that spoke of a gunshot and an infection, likely from the conditions under which the shot was received. Sherlock touched it with gentle fingers, but John flinched. He looked up at John’s face again, saw the discomfort (and shame?) there, and leaned forward to lay his lips against the scar.
He cursed himself for having been so distracted by watching John earlier. The man had clearly slipped something in his drink while he had been preoccupied, the remnants of what was probably flunitrazepam trapped on his sleeve in the process.
He slipped his wrist out of John’s grasp, and, feeling bold, twined their fingers together. John squeezed his hand so tightly that Sherlock didn’t even bother asking if there was anything he needed to grab before they left. It seemed clear that John had no intention of letting go of him long enough to fetch any of his belongings.
Sherlock nodded, seemingly reassured. “You were being an idiot,” they said with a smile, “but I think I’ll come to forgive you for your stupidity.”
to have Sherlock in his life in some capacity. He could really imagine this developing into a proper relationship, which was not something he was used to.
“Is this all right?” John asked, and Sherlock would have rolled his eyes again had he not been so preoccupied with the fact that John’s fingers were so close to where he needed them.
John didn’t look convinced. “Don’t care. I still wouldn’t have allowed it.” His expression dissolved into that cocky smirk Sherlock had become so familiar with during John’s courting of him. “You asked me to call you ‘baby’ after that. Do you remember that?”
John immediately pulled his hand back when Sherlock reacted so violently to his touch. “What are you doing?” he asked.
John took a moment then to lean back and simply take in the sight before him. “Beautiful,” he breathed.
John shook his head, still grinning. “On this planet, that’s primary school stuff. Little nine-year-olds know that the Earth rotates around the sun.”
“Yeah,” John said, rubbing the back of his neck. “Granted, it won’t be very gourmet or anything. I’ve got limited supplies, and I’m usually just cooking for one, but it’s at least something.”
John stepped up to his side at that moment, wrapping an arm around his waist. “Well, Detective Inspector, I think you have enough to be going on for right now,” he said, doing a rather impressive impression of Sherlock’s usual dismissals of Lestrade. John tugged Sherlock out the door, which was confusing, as the case wasn’t over yet, but Sherlock went along with John easily enough.
an image.” He shook his head, hair brushing against soft, pale skin. After a moment during which he seemed to gather himself, John looked back up, smiling in a way that was a bit less cocky than his traditional smirk. “For another time, though. For now, I want to make you lose your mind.”
The man was on the ground, looking to be in a similar state as his phone, and standing above him was John Watson with fire in his eyes and fists clenched at his sides.
Sherlock grimaced. He hadn’t actually paid much attention to what he had done to the flat in order to get it into a state worthy of John’s expertise. “I have no idea how that got down there,” he said, jutting his chin out with pride he didn’t feel.
To paraphrase Tracy Morgan at the end of 30 Rock, "That's it for this fic!  Not a lot of people read it, but joke's on you, because I had fun anyway!"
Sherlock felt his cheeks heat as they almost always did when John paid him such a compliment. He wasn’t used to it, and he was quickly discovering just how complimentary John could be when in a relationship with someone. “You look nice as well,” he murmured. John was wearing jeans and a simple black shirt, but the shirt clung to him in a way that made Sherlock feel a bit dizzy.
John shoved his pillow over his ears, but that did little to block out their loud, gravelly barking. He was sure that the primatologists that used the base for their research absolutely adored waking up to the monkeys every morning, but John, who had a hard enough time sleeping with his nightmares, hated it.
Sherlock found that he didn’t mind at all that John had somehow figured out how to do this after about seven days in total spent physically with one another. It was absurd that he was so easy to read for this man, but then again, it was absurd how attracted Sherlock was to him in the first place, so it was all on par with their general relationship.
And just like that, everything, including his brightening mood, came crashing down. This was too much. This thing they had was too new, and there were rules, and, yes, he was in love with John Watson, but John didn’t exactly know that yet, and no one else needed to know it. They were going to pity him for the fact that he was pining over John, and that would only make more poignant the pain he felt at being kept in this secretive relationship.
Sherlock flushed and smiled, and John grinned right back at him, while Lestrade and Sally looked on with disbelief.  He and John couldn't help but laugh at their expressions as they moved into the other room to get a proper look at the crime scene.  Oddly enough, John helped him with the case, both by pointing out obvious and easily over-looked clues and by providing Sherlock with someone he desperately wanted to impress.  John kissed him briefly when he'd figured it out, and Lestrade appeared to be too glad for the quick solve to care about the public display of affection or about the fact that John and Sherlock walked away from the scene hand-in-hand.
The alien studied John’s face for a moment before grinning. It looked a bit like someone who had never smiled before was trying to imitate human emotion while in a massive amount of discomfort. All in all, it was a bit disconcerting, and John stopped smiling. The alien’s smile dropped as well. Their skin then lost its blue-purple-green hue and instead became suffused with a lighter version of John’s own colouring.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his confidence in his deductions overriding his horrible social skills. “You’re currently standing at ease.”
It took six whole minutes for John to text back, in which time he had finished off the glass of water and had even gone so far as to put the used glass back in the kitchen.  He had actually considered washing it himself when his phone chimed.  He let out a relieved sigh and walked back into the sitting room to see what John had said.
[1:20AM] Jesus Christ. Not everything is about you. Not everything I do has to revolve around you. If I get shot and die, it’s not up to you to stop it. You’d get over it. JW
He would have regretted making that sort of assumption about the longevity of their relationship, but before he could do so, Sherlock’s entire body seemed to emit a turquoise glow. “Really?” they asked excitedly. “We could do that?”
John leaned back, and when he did so, he ended up sitting with his hips pressed right up against Sherlock’s. It was obvious at that point that they were both incredibly aroused, and knowing that he wasn’t the only one in this state sent another spike of need through Sherlock. John groaned at the contact, too, and Sherlock was certain he had never heard a more erotic sound in his life.
He watched his father’s resolution falter and kept his attire up in spite of the feeling of triumph that threatened to overcome him.
“On the bed! Naked! Now.” His voice was hoarse but determined and Sherlock hurried to obey with pupils blown dark with arousal. He undressed faster than John would have thought possible. John watched him positioning himself on his knees in the middle of the bed before he undressed just slightly slower.
Sherlock hadn’t accounted for it to feel this… intense. Never had he even considered having someone else do this to him. Of course, John. Yes. John. But he had always thought that it would be different. Not as good.
“Oh, John, you were fantastic back there. When we get home I want you inside of me. And it’d better be deep and hard.” He growled into John’s ear, his voice a low rumble, while he pressed his right hand against the growing bulge between John’s thighs. A loud moan was erupting from the doctor’s throat.
“Morning,” Sherlock said, marveling at his ability to speak without feeling totally drained. “You slept on the sofa.”
, really. That hurt, yes, but Sherlock had always been very good at ignoring pain. He resolved to drop his efforts to impress John then and there, as it would clearly be a waste of time, and if dropping his efforts meant that John was going to be put off by him, then so be it.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and turned around to find out who John Watson had been talking to.  He expected to see the rugby captain standing a little ways off with one of his mates, but instead, John appeared to be alone.  He was wearing a maroon jumper and jeans.  There was smudged writing on his right hand.  His hair looked wind-blown and gorgeous.  And then, even more shocking that John being there in the first place, he actually started to approach where Sherlock was standing.  He furrowed his brow and glanced over his shoulder, trying to inconspicuously check to see if there was anyone behind him.  There wasn’t, which meant—
Sherlock stared at John before allowing a slight smile to appear on his lips. “That’s not what people usually say.”
You’re surprisingly confident in your ability to sexually pleasure me for a man who hasn’t actually gotten my feedback on last night.
John’s smirk was back in place, and he took another few steps toward Sherlock until the heat from his body could just about be physically felt. “For you, Sherlock Holmes, there’s no charge.”
And Sherlock had blushed as he had in the beginning, his reaction to John’s compliments never quite diminishing.)
“You really like me?” he asked, a tad breathless. Startling as it was, Sherlock had meant for it to sound more like a statement than a question.  He was still having a difficult time believing it.
Sherlock merely stared at him, trying to sort out the meaning of all of this. John had taken it upon himself to find Sherlock’s flat when Sherlock had failed to arrive.
John realised then that he hadn’t actually tried to pull anyone in about a month. He simply hadn’t felt the need. None of the people he talked to were really very interesting, and only talking to SH seemed to really keep him invested in conversations at all. He was surprised to find that he wasn’t upset by his lack of dates, though it had put more pressure on his hand lately.
For the millionth time, Sherlock checked over the flat. Everything was in order. Everything was where it ought to be.
“I—“ he started as he handed the phone back.  He wasn’t sure what to say, though, so he ended up merely letting the lone syllable hang there between them for a moment. The sight of a freshly showered John Watson was even more intoxicating than he could have ever imagined. John’s sandy hair was sticking up at odd angles, but he managed to make that look ridiculously attractive all the same. His skin was still flushed from the hot water, and he smelled of soap.  Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to talk right then if he’d tried.
Sherlock did turn around then. Their brow was furrowed, and their skin was mostly devoid of that purple hue now. They’d even retracted their antennae. John wondered if Sherlock was only making an attempt to look human because of the negative reaction they’d received after looking like a proper alien earlier. He felt incredibly guilty for that.
He would have complained verbally had he not felt three slick digits pressed up against his perineum. A shot of electric arousal went through him at the touch. When had John opened the bottle of lube? How had Sherlock not noticed this? His whole body stilled as he adjusted to the new feeling.
Sherlock ducked his head to hide his smile, peeking up a bit as he responded. “You look rather good yourself.” That was certainly an understatement. John looked perfect, as always. He was dressed in dark jeans and a pale blue jumper that brought out his eyes.  Sherlock wondered if the jumper was as soft as it looked. He shook that thought away.
John laughed again and moved closer so that he could press a kiss to Sherlock’s scowl. “I’ve only dealt with human brains, love. I know bugger all about sheep.”
Having paused to stare for a bit longer than was socially acceptable, Sherlock forced himself to snap out of it. He sat with his book at a table nearby, deciding to stick around for a bit. It wasn’t as if he had anything else on for the rest of the day. Besides, he told himself, it was probably easier to just get the information he needed from the book right then and there rather than having to check to book out and return it later.
Sherlock’s chest felt simultaneously tight and like it was going to explode, and John chuckled and kissed him again. He had no idea how he was going to go back out there and act normal in front of everyone else. John seemed to be thinking the same thing, because he laughed again and said, “God, everyone’s going to take one look at us and think we shagged in here.”
Sherlock was still reeling from all of this. “Does that mean that you don’t care if people know about us?” he asked.
Sherlock smiled and kicked off his shoes before lying down on the neatly made bed. “Prove it,” he said, like a playful challenge.
With that, she left, and Wilkes stared after her for a moment before turning to glare over at Sherlock. “What did you have to do that for?” His voice was dripping venom.
“What else could you possibly have to take care of?” John asked. Well, demanded, really. Sherlock was an alien on the planet, though; there was no way they could have other matters to attend to. It didn’t make sense.
Sherlock noticed. Of course they did. They were bloody brilliant. They approached John while he was cooking one morning, and their expression belied their obvious confusion at John’s recent behaviour. “Would you like to come out into the forest with me today?” they asked. They looked hopeful enough that John actually felt his hardened demeanor soften a bit.
They went to a Chinese restaurant that stayed open late, and it was surprisingly easy to keep the conversation going while they ate. John talked about his time in the army, and Sherlock pretended he was listening, though it was hard to actually do so when his mind insisted on conjuring the image of John in a military uniform. Sherlock talked about his experiments and past cases, and John seemed genuinely intrigued. When they’d finished their meals, even though the owners owed Sherlock a favour, John still insisted on paying, and Sherlock acted as though his heart wasn’t beating out of his chest at the gesture.
So in one of my classes last year we were taught about how the traditional plot model (exposition, rising action, climax, falling action, resolution) is really male-oriented, in that there is only one main climax in the whole thing, whereas a female plot model might have several climaxes during the course of a work.
“It took me a little while to find the field,” he admitted. “And I’m sure Lestrade wouldn’t have been bothered by you showing up by yourself.  If anything, he might get jealous seeing you here with another man.”
He jogged up the last few steps and opened the door to his flat, preparing to look as dramatic as possible in his entrance.
There was the sound of movement on the floor beside Sherlock’s ankle, and John pulled the detective away from the perceived threat. “Do—not—move,” John growled down at the man, whose initial fear of John had apparently turned to angry acquiescence.
John laughed and walked up to him, pushing the hand holding his wallet down to his side. Sherlock was so distracted by their proximity and by that touch that he was unable to speak. “I don’t want your money, Sherlock Holmes,” John said in a voice that was slightly deeper than it had been before.
John seemed to come back into action at that. He shook his head and smiled disbelievingly, which helped Sherlock to relax a bit. He hadn’t driven him off. “Incredible,” John said.
He hesitated for only a moment before catching another cab, this one taking him to the café and bakery.  It would be better, he told himself, to simply get this all over with. Besides, John hadn’t seemed overly angry in his text.  The use of emoticon certainly indicated that he was in a good mood.  It was possible, then, that this wouldn’t be overly painful. Perhaps John would even agree to let them stay friends.  That would be far more than Sherlock thought he deserved after forcing himself on John, at any rate.
And just like that, Sherlock felt infinitely better. His fear about John leaving, his anxiety about not being good enough, his guilt over causing their argument—all of that was so easily explained by the abrupt and unexpected influence that John’s extended absence had over him. John’s anger was likewise explained by the same principle. It wasn’t that they were falling out of love, as Sherlock had privately worried; it was merely that they weren’t suited to such sudden independence from one another.
Every day, John would go about the duties that went with his position as caretaker, and Sherlock would tag along, most often making things more difficult than they needed to be. After that, the two of them would try to entertain themselves in any way possible. Mostly, that involved trying to figure out more about one another.
As he heard the door to his flat open, no doubt Mrs. Hudson letting the repairman in, Sherlock fussed with his hair and straightened out his shirt once more before emerging from his room.
Molly, it turned out, had been incredibly helpful, if only because she had no qualms about forcing Sherlock to calm down when he started to get anxious. She had walked him through picking out what to wear (grey trousers and a deep blue dress shirt), and she had helped style his hair (which took nearly an hour in and of itself), and she had generally kept him from driving himself mad.  She had even offered use of her concealer to cover up the marks on his neck, but Sherlock, cheeks pink, had refused.
“I thought you might want to rest for a while, so I planned it for five.” He stated with an assessing glance. “Do you prefer it earlier?”
Sherlock felt his heart clench painfully in his chest. He was standing on the narrow stage, violin in hand, watching John and Mary on the dance floor. It felt like dying, having to endure this a second time. Beside him, John was a constant reminder that this was merely a review. His hat, clothing and even the mustache comfortingly out of place in Sherlock’s time.
“Duck in lemon sauce for me, please.” He sighed as he dropped onto the couch. “Thank you.” He added with a smile.
“I….I wish we’d never met! There! I said it.” He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. The sky above him was blue with a single bird flying around, searching for prey. John's gaze was fixed on the engraved letters.
It had been a long time since John's last blog entry and his typing had certainly not improved since then. He felt as if every sentence had to be rewritten four times until he got it right and his mind was fumbling with broken pieces of experiences he had never even made.
“Show me you back.” She demanded taking a step sideways, closer to him. She had positioned herself between the two flat mates. Sherlock stood to her right, his hands behind his back and his head slightly angled towards her. John had the impression that it was a motion that enabled him somehow to anticipate what she would do next. At the moment Mrs. Phillips’ focus was completely on John but her position made quite clear that this could change within a blink of an eye.
“I don’t know what happened to Howard but this…” She moved her hand in an all encompassing gesture indicating the world outside their window. “…this isn’t his fault.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her, dissecting every expression that passed her face. John had the sinking feeling that he knew where this was going. Sherlock leant forward and, resting his arms on his thighs, raised his brows at her.
But before John finished the thought he felt how the motion turned more gliding and gentle. The tentacle glistened from wetness now, having been drenched in Sherlock’s saliva. It retreated the way it came but never touched the Consulting Detective’s skin, instead raising itself higher before taking on a hook-like form and descending slowly between Sherlock’s cheeks.
“John.” Sherlock sighed, sounding unhurried and content right where he was. The doctor neglected his own desire finding the small ripples wrecking Sherlock’s body much more satisfying. He leant forwards, balancing himself to be able to use his other arm to pull Sherlock against himself. He felt his own fist move against his belly as he continued to stroke the Consulting Detective’s cock. John brushed his lip over Sherlock’s collar bone before he lightly nibbled at the side of his neck. Goose bumps spread over the pale skin and the movement against his stomach grew more urgent.
If John was honest with himself he had to admit that his imagination wasn't strong enough to even create a superficial idea of what was sharing the earth's surface with them now. And come to think of it... Hadn't they been the ones taking refugee in the earth these last 3 months?
Uncertain, John peeled his jumper and undershirt over his head. He let them fall to the floor, his sole attention on Sherlock, who was unbuttoning his shirt efficiently before he slowly placed it over the back of his chair.
“A flu? Really?” He turned his head away in a display of disappointment before he threw his hands dramatically over his head and let himself fall back against the backrest.
“You know... I don't mind.” John told his hands. “ Quite contrary.” He added shyly looking up through his lashes.
He had to admit that that made for a long list of mistakes. He could only guess what lead to this chain of wrong deductions but he suspected strongly that it had something to do with the husband being smallish, blonde and called John. Stupid. He definitely fell for the fake tears that had made their way over his slightly tanned cheeks.
John noticed, with more than a little surprise, that he didn’t have a problem at all to sustain a rather impressive erection and (just as he had hoped) the obvious bulge. Now he would get his answer, of that he was sure. If he could just focus on the problem at hand, and not the one that tried to will its way into the foreground.
“Yes, of course. No question there. But it was you who excluded me. How many times did you run off into danger leaving me to worry or even oblivious to what you were doing?” John stared at his own hands that were lying unmoving on his thighs.
Sherlock had already passed him by and entered the bathroom where he stood unmoving for a few moments.
Although he tried very hard not to, John constantly worried about the bulge. Two days after his last strangely exciting observation, he went to his urologist. Being a doctor himself, he already knew that it was a far from common problem. He had ruled out the obvious diagnoses on his own. He was sure that it was neither a STD nor some kind of wart. John thought a tumor to be highly unlikely but didn’t feel certain enough to judge it on his own.
“I didn’t leave. I merely went into the kitchen to make sure that you get enough water.” John said amused before he drank his bottle down to the bottom.
“Yes, Christ! I know but… I’d prefer the flu, ok?” John said, getting up while pushing his hands through his hair in agitation. “And… Did you just tell me that you are able read my thoughts? Because I am extremely sure that I didn’t talk at all while you were sick. Or was that just your way of telling me that you are hearing
His back and head hurt as John dragged himself up the stairs. In hospital, they had told him that he would feel very tired for a while but he hadn't expected it to be as extreme as it was.
Looking down at himself, he saw John kneeling between his legs and slowly licking over the stark black tattoo he’d put there. The doctor’s hands were resting on his waist while he seemed to appreciate his handiwork in a most singular way. When John looked up, their eyes met over Sherlock’s still naked body.
John had always envied his father for his snow-white hair and when his mum told him that his hair had been black the day they met it was impossible for him to imagine. So she explained to him that her tears had turned it white.
Shaking his head, he tried to suppress the hope that was blooming deep inside of him. It was very unlikely that he had already found the John he had been searching for even though he very much wanted him to be the same one that had sent someone to help him escape. It was unlikely but not impossible. Gradually, Sherlock felt his heart rate getting back to normal.
“Oh, I am surprised to see you again. “ He said, offering her his hand. She looked at it disdainfully. John tried to appear as if he’d not noticed. “Tea?” He said, moving into the kitchen immediately to have an excuse for staying out of her line of sight. Sherlock sat in feigned nonchalance and waited for her to do whatever she’d planned to. John made a show of preparing the tea, being deliberately loud and humming to himself. He knew he was an awful liar but he just couldn’t help it.
“I don’t think that was very clever.” John said around a mouthful of Rigatoni. “Quite unmistakable, though.”
In one swift motion, their arms wound around each other. He felt sweat slicking the many places they were touching. Heard Sherlock's laboured breathing. Felt it on the sensitive skin of his neck. Dark curls were tickling his temple but did not manage to distract him from the feeling of Sherlock's hard shaft pressing against his own. The slow drag of fabric only enhanced his pleasure. John pressed his fingertips into the dimples on Sherlock's back, mimicking the rhythm of his hips. Their bodies fit so wonderfully well, he thought. The pale body pressing hard and demanding against his might once have been mere
John sat down in his usual chair and closed his eyes. Inhaling the steam of his tea, he forced his muscles to relax. Intentionally, he envisioned an Afghan desert with strong blowing wind and a bright blue sky. He imagined a lizard scuttle by beside his feet and let his gaze follow it into the distance.
Despite John’s protest and colorful descriptions of what probably was to come, the ghosts had decided to stay and were standing aside waiting to close the door behind them, as soon as they were gone.
As soon as Sherlock had closed the bathroom door, John sat down heavily in a kitchen chair. The whole situation seemed so ridiculous and absurd. He didn’t know if it was just the Alpha in him but he had definitely felt drawn to Sherlock from the moment they met. He wasn’t shallow enough to not realize that Sherlock played a huge role in his wanking fantasies those past weeks. But it wasn’t only sexual interest that pulled John closer and closer to his flatmate. If it had been, John would have gone out and found someone to get a bit of relief and distraction but since he had moved in, John hadn’t even attempted to date someone. He just didn’t need anyone else’s presence. He needed Sherlock. Always.
“Did you read the pages on Nodens, the Elder God that likes to visit people in their dreams?” He went on without waiting for a reaction. “It’s said that he left the earth when the Great Old Ones arrived.”
In the meantime, Sherlock’s tentacles had grown to their full size. Two of them were resting behind him on the mattress while four others stretched to both sides of John’s vision. They were impressive in color and length but their dexterity was still unknown to John. The one tentacle that was still thrusting up into his lover made an idea appear in the doctor’s head.
John narrowed his eyes at that. He’d just returned from a walk to train his weakened legs and was not in the mood for polite lies. “Does it? And what are we doing instead?”
There once lived a King that had a fiber-barren son with a sharp nose, water-blue eyes and unruly hair. The boy had the rare name Sky-high-jubilating Afflicted-to-death and was born with a strange gift. Whenever a tear left his eyes, that tear would turn into a coin.
“And when the dreams began and more and more people got ill, it all fell into place.” John looked at him expectantly. “I am sorry? I don’t see it. What are you trying to tell me?”
John crossed the room without hesitation. Sherlock felt the hair in his neck raise. Panic making him falter in his movement and his jaw clench. But the shorter man just came to a halt right in front of him, pushing his hands deep into the pockets of his half open dressing gown.
When a familiar dining table crashed into the street a few meters away, Sherlock turned around and resumed walking.
“I don't know what happened before you shot me but… I know I would never have chosen you out of the two of you.” A bitter smile appeared on his face. “Why would anybody choose a woman like you? You always tried to make me feel useless and small. Unloveable. You… You were the problem. For once, it wasn't me.”
John nodded in affirmation before he moved his hand in a forward gesture to tell the others to follow.
“Tell me! Is there any place where you could convert it into cash or are you just terrifyingly stupid?
“Oh, John! You are finally out of that horrible place.” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed in her singsong voice as John entered the kitchen.
“There is.” Sherlock nodded. “And there is also another one, called ‘The Bond’. I’d advise you to read them both.” John had been stumbling over the phrase
Sherlock had slowly begun to come over, mindful of intruding on him but knowing that John preferred not to be too emotional in front of strangers. And there were several grieving visitors scattered all over the cemetery.
“John!” Sherlock interrupted his line of thoughts. “You can do that later. I am starting to freeze here so let’s get it over with.” It was apparent that he tried to sound annoyed but the doctor didn’t miss the nervousness in his voice.
“Two days, Sherlock!“ John gave him a fond look while attempting to be angry. “Did you even eat anything?” The detective wasn’t quite sure but nodded nonetheless.
After he had put the groceries away, John went to the bathroom and knocked. Sherlock had been in there for half an hour. Long enough to worry.
“How did you do it?” He asked while stepping closer and surveying the seven small slits on Sherlock’s back. He was sure they had been there all the time but somehow he hadn’t been able to see them.
With it’s glass facade, the Grange was a better choice than most other buildings. The things, the mutants, apparently avoided direct sunlight. According to Sean, he’d never seen somebody being attacked outside during the day.
John signalled Greg to come forward who in turn gave the signal to Sherlock. They stood a couple of meters away from their makeshift home, scanning the tall ruins around them. The sky above them was cloudy and grey.
There was no immediate reaction. Rethinking his discovery he sat up resting his feet on the wooden floor.
John was rudely awoken by noises that reminded him of bombshells and burned flesh. For a few minutes the world around him wouldn't stop shaking. He could feel Sherlock behind him holding him in a tight grip. For his own or John's sake he didn't know.
Since the incident on the stairs, Greg wore an almost predatory expression of intense focus every time his gaze wandered towards Mycroft. It made John grin stupidly as he realized what it meant so without further explanation he gave the two men most of the tablecloths he had found behind the bar and helped them build a makeshift tent in the furthest corner of the room.
“I want you. Right now.” He whispered in between their kisses. John’s answer was a deep growl and a hand wandering to Sherlock’s arse, while the other one was busy trying to get rid of Sherlock’s ridiculously tight shirt. Their combined groping made that task impossible and John cursed under his breath. He pushed Sherlock a few inches away, trying to find his composure.
“I imagined sitting on top of you, your cock buried deep inside of me. I would be riding you, moving in small waves, while you are touching me all over, moaning my name, begging me not to stop, begging me to go on forever. Oh, John. You would feel so good inside me!”
“Can I see?” Sunlight was falling through the window and illuminating John’s form as he turned around.
“Our dreams…” John tried to be attentive and keep their conversation going but his mind kept on wandering. “I thought I’ve been fantasizing because of these.” He said, letting the limp slip through his fingers. The thumb of his right hand began to draw small circles on the silky skin over Sherlock’s hip bone. “But I didn’t?”
Sherlock was sitting in the quiet living room. Staring off into the distance he didn’t acknowledge John as he entered the living room. While the doctor fought to keep his embarrassment to a minimum, he noticed that the flat had become a disaster. Sherlock’s chaos had overtaken most of the kitchen and actually all of the living room.
There were certain things so desperately unspoken in 221b that it made John stop in his tracks, even in a situation as serious for the world as it was right now, to hear Sherlock acknowledge what they both knew all along.
John woke up at four a.m. the next day, thoughtful and restless. Even though he was hungry, he hid in his room until he heard Sherlock leave. Fortunately, he managed to make good use of the 4 hours in between.
“He says his name is Prince James and you would be searching for him.” Sherlock scrambled to his feet as if the bed was on fire. The crossbow fell to the floor, one arrow going off, nailing May’s skirt to the chair she had been sitting in. She shrieked, startled.
Some changes were easier to accept than others and all of them (apart from the slight weakening of his muscles and the circulation problems) were bloody glorious.
“I thought you might want to use the other bedroom for your experiments so I….moved in. Is that ok?” The words were said cautiously and hurried.
“It’s… difficult. He is. And I am when he’s around.” He let his gaze wander over John’s soft expression. “I need to figure out how to… detach. I just can’t do it when he’s around. It’s hard to concentrate when he is….”
He released Sherlock’s legs and watched him scramble backwards up the bed. The Omega shot John an indefinable glance before he turned on his belly.
He lost it. Dots were forming behind his eyes as his body spun out of control. Distantly, he heard rumbling moans and felt Sherlock's weight on his taught upper body as it was bowing under the force of orgasm.
“My clothes were itching and it’s way too hot in here. The furnace is turned off but… Do we have anything edible?” Sherlock was looking at John expectantly.
“Adrenaline.” John remarked grinning to himself. Entirely unhurried, he got up from his kneeling position and stretched a hand out to support Sherlock while he stepped out of his clothes.
In his frustration, Sherlock closed his eyes and shut everything else out. He revised all the available data. The state of the carriage. The reaction of Prince James’ inferiors when they first saw him. The 12 jokes and 4 “dramas” he had to listen to. The fact that he’d never heard of James before a few months ago.
“I did.” He replied resigned while he hung his coat over the hook at the back of the still open parlor door.
“The ones closest to what? No, wait….” The DI said, shaking his head.  “John too, huh? How is he? Still sick? How does he handle the…”
Swallowing hard and still unable to stop staring into the now deserted well hole, John whispered reverently “Mycroft…. Fuck. Thank you!”.
He pressed one leg between Sherlock’s thighs, forcing them apart. His hard arousal was brushing the Omega’s limb and it sent a shiver down his groin. Crouching deeper and releasing Sherlock's wrists, John licked the crease between the Omega's thigh and prick. Tenderly, he sucked on the skin off Sherlock’s scrotum, tugging at it with his lips.
John kept his crouched position, bend low holding his stomach with the now free hand, but on the inside he began summoning all his left over energy and prepared to pull his hunting knife out of his boot at the exact right moment.
John barely managed to unclench his jaw and release Sherlock’s skin before he rolled blissfully off of his equally sated bed-mate.
“How do you know?” John said with incredulity. The book lay forgotten in his lap while he watched as Sherlock removed his coat and sat down on the couch.
“No, I…You left.” Sherlock said in disbelief. John opened both bottles and handed him one, urging him on to drink it. Sherlock took a few gulps of the cold water with furrowed brows.
Gently, the doctor’s fingers took hold of Sherlock’s pants and pulled them slowly down, removing the trousers in the same time and pushing everything to his ankles. Nervously, he closed his eyes for a few seconds in an attempt to gain control. He had to focus on something else than the thickness or length of Sherlock’s flaccid cock.
“I could do with a curry.” He stated, giving John's hand a reassuring squeeze before picking up the phone. Of course, his assessment had been as obvious as usual, but John had always appreciated not having to explain emotions he didn't fully understand himself.
“The world is shaking!” John could feel a deep embarrassed blush spreading over his whole face at the sheer corniness of the statement.
Usually, John would worry about that, he knows, but frankly he is too horny to care. He wants that deep voice to scream his name until it breaks under the force of orgasm. He stares wide-eyed at Sherlock and feels his breath hitch. Sherlock pulls his hand away from behind him and starts smearing lube over John’s cock, being careful not to use too much pressure in order to make this glorious experience last.
Sherlock could see it in the tense posture and the manic grin, Prince Sebastian was displaying. He instantly sat down on the wooden mattress so he would fall on his pillows. There was no way he would win against his traitor in a physical conflict but he could at least avoid the serious injuries.
“John sends his regards.” He feed the last bites to Sherlock before he left as if nothing had happened.
“You are right. Right now, I can’t see anything alarming or unusual.” The doctor said, straightening up again.
John sat down at the kitchen table examining his so called breakfast. Biscuits, toast and olives where on one side of the table all placed on the same plate beside a glass of jam. Another plate held all sorts of crackers and chips while the one closest to him was stuffed with greenish looking bacon.
Slowly, Sherlock turned his head towards John and watched his rapid eye movement. He had nearly gotten them both killed. Never before had he experienced fear for another person. He wouldn’t have expected it to be for utterly selfish reasons, but it was. There was no part of his life that he didn’t share with John. No part that wasn’t worthless without him.
Pushing his head back into the pillow, John groaned when he felt his climax approach. He was working his cock furiously, imagining plush lips on his skin and long dexterous fingers caressing the inside of his thighs. With one final down stroke, he gripped the root of his cock as firm as possible and came, moaning loudly with his forceful relief. He felt his semen splatter on his chest and belly, his torso bow-taught by the strongest orgasm of his life.
“I only saw the man once and just for a few minutes but I heard the words for almost 2 days as if sung by a choir. And then I noticed that you kept talking to me even when you left the room.” John’s face indicated that he was certain about his own behavior and didn’t remember being especially talkative.
John had half a shift at the surgery that day. He despised those short shifts; they felt like a waste of time. Over and above, it was a disgustingly hot day and he was sweating profoundly while he tried to move as little as possible. In his four hours of work he had only two patients of which one was a hypochondriac that was convinced he had a strong flu because he felt weak and hot, all the time. The other one was a young girl with gonorrhea which he immediately sent to a gynecologist.
But before his fantasy had a chance to get out of hand John stretched and yawned in a put upon fashion.
John let his head fall back and threw one arm over his eyes, the image of Sherlock preparing himself on one of his tentacles while sucking his cock probably burned into his retinas until the last syllable of time. His other hand found thick dark curls to hang on to. With every passing second, it got harder and harder for John to keep his hips still. He wanted to bury himself inside Sherlock’s mouth and come down his throat right this instant but he also wanted to hold on to this. This right there. With Sherlock as open and loving as John had ever seen him.
“Turn around.” The wild woman commanded. Taking a deep breath, John turned his back on her and closed his eyes, waiting to feel the blunt tip of her knife or at least an angry demand to hand her the gun. But everything remained silent behind him. Cautiously, he faced her again. There was a look of disorientation on her face before she addressed Sherlock on her left.
“I love you, too, Sherlock!” The heart beneath John’s head picked up pace but Sherlock just kissed his head tightening his arms around him.
Fourteen years ago, Sherlock had a case that involved an alleged Shakespeare-manuscript and a narcissistic expert, a combination that forced him to develop the ability to forge handwriting. It wasn’t really necessary but Sherlock just wanted to compromise that cheeky bastard. It took him a long time until he was able to produce an exact copy of Hamlet and by that point he knew the play by heart.
“I am in my bedroom, calling you to come to me. Deduce it!” John yelled with a hint of amusement in his voice. Sherlock only heard how husky it sounded. He was up from the couch and on the stairs in less than two seconds. He ran up only to stop, as if dumbstruck, in the doorway to John’s room. The sight that greeted Sherlock made him swallow around the sudden lump in his throat.
“I am going to use an oil that warms the muscles while they are being massaged. In order to maximise the blood circulation, it is best to keep the warmth in for as long as possible, so I will cover the relevant areas with blankets.” Sherlock replied pragmatically.
“Christ, this is horrible…”  The elderly woman muttered. Curious, John peered over Sherlock’s shoulder to see what the fuss was about. Mrs. Hudson sat at her small kitchen table clutching a cup of tea, a dressing gown tied securely around her. Shaking her head she kept staring at a large box covering most of the table’s narrow surface.
“Yes.” He encouraged with a hushed voice, keeping his body rigid against Sherlock's demanding thrusts. The laboured breath above him was all the answer he got as he felt the pace of push and pull increase.
John sat at the kitchen table looking up, expectantly.  In front of him were various small bowls, containing a selection of their favorite Thai food, and a candle. Lit. Sherlock walked slowly to the other chair, still uncertain about John’s intentions.
Sherlock was standing under the spray, one hand around his considerable erection, the other moving behind his back. John couldn’t see what Sherlock did but he was able to very well imagine it.
Lestrade glanced over John’s shoulder, letting a curious gaze wander over Sherlock’s bare torso. John’s throat constricted and a deep growl emerged. Shocked, Lestrade threw his head around and regarded him with wide eyes.
“Mrs. Hudson?” The woman let her head hang down and rubbed the tears from her eyes. “Is it...Are you alright?” John wouldn't have known what to do if it she wasn't.
That evening had been a quiet one. Sherlock had fallen asleep on John’s shoulder at midnight after he had eaten three quarters of the Indian take away they had ordered. John didn’t mind it. He had been happy to see Sherlock eat, for once. When Sherlock had leaned against him and closed his eyes, John didn’t stop him. He just watched as Sherlock slowly fell asleep.
“Come on in, Greg. Can I get you something? Tea? Biscuits?” The DI looked at him suspiciously until he understood.
“At least.” John repeated quietly and watched Sherlock’s pale skin stretch over his shoulders while he picked up the phone to order.
“That’s…rare, John. Very, very rare. I should have known. I felt so…” Sherlock trailed off before John could understand what he meant to say. “Not important, right now. I have a book about this. People like…you.” While he spoke, Sherlock’s gaze was fixed determinately on John’s face but it seemed to be quite difficult for him. John suspected that he wasn’t as unaffected as he tried to appear when he saw the outline of Sherlock’s engorged prick pressed against the inside of his tight, black trousers.
“Let’s eat, first. I think we have to talk about some things.” John started scattering the food on both their plates, looking utterly calm. Sherlock wasn’t in the mood to eat but he didn’t know what else to do and poked around in his curry chicken, stirring it under the rice he usually enjoyed. That John was watching him was the only reason to take a fork full every now and then. Apparently, John was satisfied with the amount of food Sherlock had consumed after ten minutes and put down his silverware, taking a deep breath. Sherlock mirrored him and waited for the inevitable.
“It’s not your fault, John. You didn’t know. I didn’t know.” Sherlock said, ignoring the angry woman between them entirely.
The only warning was a slow lick of his lips before John began to move their joined hands. Setting a steady rhythm around their strained lengths, he leaned down and, supporting his weight with his right arm, let his forehead rest against Sherlock’s. The world around the seemed to shrink until it involved nothing but the room surrounding them and their bodies on the bed. The added slickness made it unbelievably more difficult for Sherlock to keep on watching as John moved his lower body in small fluent thrusts. He felt the strong thighs tense and silky skin glide over his cock. The sensory overload was glorious in a way that had Sherlock gasping and wriggling underneath the skilled doctor.
“I was not all that happy. It frightened me. And it meant that all we had was lost.” John said, taking his hand and entwining their fingers while they watched the painful memory replay.
Sebastian shoved him hard to the floor before he kicked him violently in the guts and stomped from the room.
Sherlock pushed back into every thrust. He doubted that he would ever stop wanting John deeper. He wanted everything John could give to him. Looking up at the concentrated face and glassy eyes, he dug his fingers into John’s buttocks.
When John entered the room, Sherlock had thrown himself dramatically in the middle of his bed. Laying on his side, Sherlock tried for a seductive smile but failed somewhere along the way and kept staring at John’s bare torso, instead. It was so obviously a nervous gesture that the doctor forcefully suppressed the giddy grin that tried to overtake his face.
“If you understand what I am saying come out. We don't mean any harm unless you attack us.” The only answer Greg got was prolonged silence. Questioningly, he looked at John who only shrugged in response.
After seconds of astounded silence and exchanged glances between him and Mrs. Hudson, John mumbled “I know.” before he busied himself with a mouthful of berries.
“Of course, John.” Relief rushed through Sherlock’s body. He would just let John find out for himself what he liked. That would make it much easier for him to not come right the second he was fully seated inside John.
He was right. Sherlock had been hiding. But that wasn’t the only reason he had stayed for two consecutive days. Fortunately, he didn’t have to explain his reasons. John knew what he knew.
“So, is he dead?” Mrs. Phillips asked, keeping her gaze fixed on the floor, her voice controlled and even.
, he told himself. It would probably be best to order a beer and something to eat for the both of them so he could discreetly find out if John had ever heard of him at all. Sherlock didn’t want to think about the possibility that it was the wrong John that made him feel excited, anxious and just that little bit sanguine.
“Why don’t you cry? What is wrong with you?” He screamed down at him. Small drops of saliva were raining on Sherlocks face.
John tried to ignore his first impulse, which was to give her an angry look. Instead he chose the polite way.
“Hello.” John said, grinning and with a playful nod in Sherlock’s direction. He was just about to ask, if Sherlock would like to watch the storm with him, when suddenly there was a hand at his nape and plush lips pressing against his.
“Yes. Yes, I am yours.” John pressed Sherlock’s body firmly into his lap, thrusting in a punishing pace into him. He felt the Omegas entrance ease under the assault, giving way for his swollen knot.
As he read it, he began to chew on his bottom lip. John and Greg exchanged a worried glance before they made to stand on either side of the detective and began to read as well.
“Impatient! I gave you so much time to figure it out on your own. Allow me to take my time now. I promise, I am not going to loiter.” He licks a stripe down John’s left thigh before he presses his cheek against the hard member below him. A low moan emerges from above. Nuzzling into the blonde pubic hair, Sherlock inhales deeply and savors the smell of pure army doctor.
They had made good progress even though trying to be as silent as possible was taking its toll when it came to the speed of their climbing. Halfway between the 3rd and 4th floor, John just contemplated the fine round behind of his clever boyfriend as he was rudely pushed to the side.
The next morning, John got awoken by a soft knock on his door. Before he was able to answer, Sherlock cautiously looked inside.
“John, I assure you I know everything there is to know about intercourse but if you are just searching for a reason to turn me down…”
“Six men with various weapons. I think they’ve been torturing a creature to make it scream. They are closely watching the door AND the earth in front of it is completely drenched in blood.”
out between his lips. He was trying very hard not to miss the dependant sleepy version of Sherlock while he was waiting anxiously for their client to arrive. He wasn’t very keen on telling the young woman that her husband was either dead or had left her for a weird obsession with old gods. Sherlock’s restless pacing and contorted maneuvers to scratch his back only served to make him more agitated. It seemed as if the room was filling with an atmosphere of restraint though John wasn’t sure why.  The moment the door bell rang, John sighed in relief and went to welcome their guest. Her steps were heavy on the stairs while John stood awkwardly in the open door.
Cautiously, John sat down right beside Sherlock on the couch. For a few minutes they sat silently, both nibbling their biscuits in an attempt to keep mouths and hands busy.
Sherlock stared at it for several seconds. Following the line of a pronounced S that was wound around the upper left and lower right side of a violin, crossing the instrument in the middle. The strings were neat straight lines of which the both outer ones had been tattooed just a tad thicker than the other two. And of course, the lower end of the fingerboard throwing a stark shadow that served as the bridge in the letter H.
Laying his hand on John’s hip, Sherlock pulled him closer and pressed their mouths together. Suddenly, he felt nervous. It was John’s first time and he didn’t want to screw it up. He was a bit worried after almost having come into his pants at the sight of John fucking himself on his fingers.
“You did.” He said pulling him close until he felt the fabric of John’s jumper scraping at his stomach. He brought his lips to John’s ear and deliberately breathed on his neck doing so.
Having opened the cuffs on his shirt, Sherlock spared John a reassuring glance before he let it slip from his shoulders and efficiently began to unzip the fly of his black trousers. He heard a sharp intake of breath in front of him when he hooked his thumbs under the waistband.
Comments are very welcome. I really like to know what you think of it. And sorry that it got rather long this time, but I couldn't force myself to write it shorter.
He thrust in short vigorous movements into Sherlock’s pliant body. Sweat was forming on his neck and running down his drudging body. But still he could see signs of discontent play on Sherlock’s features. There was no possible way he could go deeper in this position.
“Sherlock! Stop that!” John heard what sounded like a physical struggle going on in the hallway and sat up.
“You know perfectly fine what happened. Howard made a mistake. He thought he’d find something enlightening. Something that would explain why we are all here. Something that would give our lives a sense. But that’s not what it was. Don’t try acting stupid with me, Mr. Holmes!”
“No, she never experienced it herself but she saw her father when he was in the middle of it. It disgusted her to see him so weak and needy. So reduced to baser needs. At least that’s what she told me.” Sherlock sat up, taking another scone.
behind him. He turned around to see John laying on the dirty cobblestone, a man standing over him. Sherlock’s heart sped up when he saw the gun that was pointed at John’s limp body.
Two days later, Lestrade had called them with a new case. They were running through a dark alley when Sherlock heard a loud
“Ok. What about the tall one at the fireplace?” Something was unusual about this one. It took Sherlock all of three seconds to pinpoint exactly what it was.
“I am not an epidemiologist. I can only assume that Phillips’ body fell into the water and spread whatever he caught through it.”
Looking up, John wanted to ask what that was supposed to mean when Sherlock turned him around and bend down to whisper in his ear.
“I am an angry man, Mary. I thought I had accepted that a long time ago but… Yes. This time it is my fault. But all the things you made me feel bad about… Running away from you for the cases, for Sherlock. The things I didn't tell you. You knew I didn't love you and you never… you never loved me, either. No. You...YOU HATED ME.” His voice sounded menacing, even to his own ears. “I see it now. And now, I also see what you were trying to achieve. You
Lauren was a nice girl, but she wasn’t desperately in love with him. That’s perhaps the reason that it ended sooner than with Amy. He doesn’t have to replay their fight. He’d had it too often to have problems remembering her accusations. It all came down to:
When he felt something pressing against his back from the inside without feeling any pain but a strong itching sensation beneath his skin he decided to stop ignoring the facts.
“God, I am knackered. Well, see you tomorrow.” Looking back at Sherlock, he saw a troubled expression cross his flatmate’s face.
Only as he stepped out of the cool spray of the shower, Sherlock noticed that they hadn’t even said hello to each other. He toweled himself off, thinking about Beth’ judgment on the matter and the ideas she’d had. Surprisingly, her assessment was the same as his. Probably, he wasn’t that bad when it came to sentiment, after all.
With their faces being this close, it was impossible not to kiss the clever doctor into oblivion. Somewhere between languid and passionate, John’s lips were mirroring the intensity of his thrusts. Unrestrained moans interrupted their kissing with every push of skin against skin.
“Sherlock, I…I am sorry, but…oh, fuck!” John let his head fall back. Sherlock thrust into him even harder and faster, at the exact angle that would ensure that he brushed against John’s prostate. With a loud groan, that suspiciously sounded like Sherlock’s name, John came harder than he had done in a long time.
At Sherlock’s low timbre groaned into his hair, John’s body tensed forcefully. Grabbing the detective’s back hard and pressing his forehead against the detectives shoulder, he came wetly between them.
Sherlock’s arousal began to press insistently into the space between his thighs and pelvis and John could already hear him panting loudly above him. He was sure this would never lose it’s novelty. Just when he felt the need to press up harder and a bit faster Sherlock froze above him. Surprised eyes looked down into his.
He brings his hands up to John’s shoulders and lets his fingertips lightly slide over the wet skin. Slowly, he moves them from the shoulders down John’s arms and lets them glide up again. John has stilled under his touch and goose bumps are blooming all over his back. Sherlock traces his spine down to the hollow of his back. Cautiously, he shuffles closer, almost pressing his chest against John. Almost. He breathes softly into John’s ear before he slides his fingers over the doctor’s collarbone.
John knelt in front of him placing one hand on Sherlock’s left thigh. “How come I am the only person you can’t read properly?” He whispered as if there was a need for confidentiality.
Lazily, he pumped his hips, pushing the head of his cock against the tight ridge of Sherlock’s behind. He loosened the press of his knees on the Omega’s thighs and almost immediately slipped into his hot entrance. The lack of slickness inside of Sherlock made John feel the friction even more commanding and he bit his lip while he enjoyed the slow drag over his prick. With long, patient thrusts, John pushed in and out of his Bonded.
“No and I really looked. You know, Sherlock, when I was young it wasn’t unusual for me to find little surprises by a young gentleman who….” He put the box back on the table, examining it from all angles. It was ordinary. Probably wired inside but no other way to find out than to just try and make sure. Carefully, he pulled the lit up and peered through the growing opening. When he couldn’t make out an obvious mechanism he opened it completely. For a short moment he felt astonishingly sick considering what he’d seen and where he’d investigated for decades. The blue-ish flesh was unmistakable. He could hear John’s sharp intake of breath beside him and a quiet
“It’s disgusting. Please, John, do me a favor and get rid of it, would you?“ Mrs. Hudson asked with her pleading “I-Am-Only-An-Old-Lady”- face that often made him do things she would have had no problem doing herself. Nodding, he closed the box and picked it up.
“I don’t know anymore about it then you do. I’ve never been in heat. All I know is what mother wrote in her book and as you might have noticed, she didn’t seem too fond of it.”
“Well, I originally thought that he intended to explain it all to me in person when I went down there.  He hardly seems the type to do it over text.”  How was it that Molly seemed to be the observant one here?  Sherlock was supposed to pick up on subtle clues, and yet, when it came to John, it seemed that he was utterly useless, sentiment clouding his observations.
“Stop me at any time,” John murmured before closing the distance between them. He pressed their lips together and felt the tiny gasp Sherlock let out at the contact. John hummed, and Sherlock
John smiled at Sherlock when their eyes met.  “Perfect timing,” he said, shucking his apron and walking over to a corner table.  “Care to sit? I’ve got that free coffee I promised coming up.”  He gestured over to one of his coworkers, clearly indicating that the coffee be brought to their table when it was prepared.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment longer before he hummed and relaxed against John once more. “Well, you’ve got time to prove that to me.”
John blinked a few times and looked up at him, seemingly unaware that he’d entered into an almost trancelike state. John shook his head, as if in disbelief, and surged forward so that their lips were touching once more. “Such a goddamn treasure,” he murmured into the kiss. “So fucking gorgeous.”
John imagined a young Sherlock trailing after someone they fancied, trying to show their affection, only to be teased mercilessly by the other schoolchildren. John had never imagined Sherlock as “the sentimental sort,” but he could see now that perhaps Sherlock had simply had a difficult time expressing feelings after being taunted for even having emotions.
Only, he faltered halfway through opening the door, because there, in his sitting room, was John Watson. He was wearing his uniform and had seated himself on the sofa. His bag rested by his feet.
Eventually, the haze of bliss faded slightly.  He was distantly aware of the sound of a zipper being undone. He glanced over to see that John had shoved his trousers and pants down just enough to free his cock. Sherlock licked his lips, shifting so that he was pressed against the back of the sofa to provide John with more room. If he hadn’t just spent himself, he would have certainly been aroused right then.  Unsurprisingly, John’s cock was just as perfect as the rest of him.
Right. That was perhaps the weirdest rejection he had ever faced. He was a bit peeved about it, actually. It would be one thing to be straightforward with him and admit to having lost interest, but it was an entirely different matter to pretend to be another person in order to turn him away.
And that sounded like an excellent plan. Sherlock hadn’t realised how much of his displeasure about John leaving had been merely a result of the lack of John’s moderating influence on him, and he was willing to bet that John’s temper had flared while abroad in part because Sherlock hadn’t been there to keep it in check. “We’re never going to be able to spend more than a week apart,” he pointed out, and while that probably sounded limiting, he was actually rather pleased about it.
He fought back a wince, as always.  It was so demeaning to hear his deductions referred to like that. He had worked hard to get as proficient as he was, and Wilkes wanted nothing more than to make him a circus freak, an oddity that could perform on command.
Sherlock was letting out little noises at each exhale by that point, and he seemed to be rapidly losing control. It was the hottest thing John had ever seen in his entire life.
Sherlock lifted their head up. “It really wasn’t difficult. I was able to deduce a few key bits of information about her husband from the advertisement she posted online,” they said, “and after that, she was eager to give me a reduced rate.”
As soon as his landlady was no longer looking at him, having retreated into the kitchen, Sherlock reached over and grabbed one of the biscuits off the tray. He ate it quickly, not wanting his hunger to be obvious.
“Christ,” John breathed, and, oh, there was something in his voice that sounded about as far from disappointment as possible, which was not what Sherlock had expected. John rubbed a hand over his face, sitting back even further on Sherlock’s legs. He seemed unable to take his eyes away from Sherlock’s body.
“They’re all at the table,” John told him. He’d wanted to be outside when Sherlock arrived. He needed to give off a good impression to make up for his rather poor choice of words during their last interaction.
And there it was, confirmed. John had been a right arse. “I’m sorry I got angry with you before,” he said. He generally wasn’t good at admitting fault, but this time, he knew it was necessary. “Those things you were saying about yourself before—the things you thought
Sherlock didn’t look up at him, once again absorbed in the bones. “Suns,” they repeated. “If that’s what they rotate around, then yes, suns.”
thrilled at having to hear some of the residual noise from the second part of John’s plan to make it up to Sherlock, which turned out to be a romp in the sheets to christen
The tips of Sherlock’s ears turned green for a moment, and they glared over at John. “Your food looks different than mine. How was I supposed to know that those things weren’t part of your regular meals?”
Sherlock released John’s hands so that he could push himself into an upright position once more. He leaned forward and gently kissed John’s forehead. “Yeah.”
And that was as much as Sherlock could handle. He dropped his head back against the door and cried out John’s name as his orgasm ripped through him. He rode out the waves, grinding against John’s hip as he did so.
John laughed, and Sherlock wanted to drown in the sound. His expression sobered just slightly. “Do you want to get out of here?” he asked.  “My flat’s not too far away. We could hang out there, if you want.”
John frowned at him from over the top of his own mug, where he was blowing gently at the liquid within. “I feel like you were having a conversation with me in your head again,” he said, “and now you’re expecting me to just catch up.” His words were fond, but they were not the response Sherlock had been hoping to hear.
Sherlock called Molly—rather than sending a text as he usually would have done—the second he arrived back at his room.  He would have done it as soon as he left Speedy’s, but he had a (slightly irrational, yes) fear that John would somehow hear him if he was even on the same street as the café still.  He paced restlessly, hands tangling in his hair as he waited for Molly to pick up. It was still greasy and unkempt from the night before.  He desperately needed a shower, but he supposed there was still time for that. Was there really six hours until dinner? Six hours simultaneously felt like an age and not nearly long enough.
John tried his best to imitate the sound, but he was fairly certain he butchered it, judging by the alien’s amused expression. John shook his head, and there was a slight smile tugging up at his own lips. “Can I just call you Sherlock? That sounds like Sherlock.”
The reply came mere seconds later, and Sherlock felt a bit warm at the thought of John watching his phone, waiting for Sherlock’s text.
“Can we pet him?” John asked quickly, as it became clear that Sherlock was not going to be retracting their hand.
“We might want to start getting rid of these clothes,” John noted, pulling back just enough to strip his vest off.
There was a prim sniff from the other end of the line. “Right. Well, in that case, they will have immediately deduced that I was the caller. They do so love to defy me. They hated life back home, and they wouldn’t go back just because I want them to.”
His drinks were pushed in front of him, and he paid, taking a moment to stand there afterward to steel himself for what was to come.
So now Sherlock knew who he was, and John was only slightly nervous about that. He was captain of the rugby team, after all, and a future doctor. He was fairly confident that he’d be quite a catch. And Sherlock seemed interested enough, though it would be shocking if someone as model-gorgeous as Sherlock would want to be seen next to John, but he knew he wasn’t bad-looking at least.
Sherlock nodded, though it wasn’t true.  His head was aching a bit, but it was only minor, and he didn’t feel the urge to vomit at all.  He had only had two drinks, after all.  It was embarrassing that he had even gotten drunk that quickly in the first place.
Sherlock found himself smiling at the note, which was altogether surprising, as he hadn’t exactly given his mouth permission to do that. He stared at the note for a moment longer before grabbing his mobile and composing a quick email.
“Yes.” He whispered, stepping back as he heard footsteps approaching the exam room, releasing the detective’s hand just as the door swung open. A gray-haired man in a white coat entered the room, still studying the chart.
“Hey,” John said, working to catch his friend’s gaze. “I’ll be with you. Let’s go lay down together. Maybe it’ll help.” The detective’s relief was apparent and he turned away as his eyes filled. John stood, grasping the man’s hand and pulling him up. They stumble-walked into Sherlock’s room and collapsed on the bed. John situated himself on his side, facing his friend who stared anxiously at the ceiling and agitatedly pulled at his own hair with one hand.
“Rosie will be ok. We’ll bring things for her to do on the train and my parents can pick us up or send a car.”
“Sherlock,” he started in a gravelly whisper, garnering courage to speak his thoughts. “This isn’t---for me it’s not—I mean, this isn’t a temporary thing. It’s not a transition period or a trial run or a rebound. This is real, it’s us. I can’t risk losing what we have—“
“I’m lucky.” He turned and headed toward his guest room, leaving Sherlock filled with a nebulous warmth.
“Hey. What’s wrong?” His friend made a pained grunt and dug his hands into his own unruly curls, elbows pressing into his knees, head hanging low. John propped himself up on his elbow, sliding a hand down his face, concerned. “Can’t sleep?” Sherlock’s voice is gravelly and agonized when he quietly responds,
“Sherlock, I can’t thank you enough for doing this.” The detective decided to avoid overt sentiment by brushing it off as an opportunistic deal for himself and replied with a slightly bored air.
“John,” Sherlock began seriously, stopping and catching the man’s gaze, “It’s the least I can do. Thank you. For….for last night. I’m sorry--“
“After Mary’s death, when we weren’t talking, I went through therapy. Intensive therapy for trauma.” John’s hand freezes in surprise and drops to the bed between them,
“Seriously, John? They already think we are in a romantic relationship. We live together with your daughter. We stayed in the same room last night.” Sherlock’s familiar acerbic tone soothed John’s anxiety. The logic of his statements was irrefutable.
Happy babbles filtered through the baby monitor, drawing John to wakefulness. He yawned into a smile, feeling his arm still clutched to his flatmate’s chest as inky black curls tickled his nose. He leaned away to glance at the time, the numbers on the clock faded in the full morning sunlight. By some miracle, Rosie had allowed them extra sleep this morning.
The anniversary of Mary’s death was difficult. John woke to the barest hints of grays and pinks in the eastern sky. The hole in his chest ached as he gazed at his sleeping beauty of a child. A little girl who would forever be motherless. He curled in on himself, pressing his face into his pillow as sadness hollowed him out, scratching at his ribs and the inside of his belly. He rolled out of bed and hobbled downstairs to make tea. The familiar routine was a balm for his soul. He supposed he ought to be quiet as Sherlock may be sleeping. The probability was always 50/50, no matter the hour. The kitchen was still cast in shadows as he rooted for his favorite cup in the cupboard and set the kettle on the stove. Would she be proud of him, he wondered? Is this what she would have wanted for him? And for Rosie? A voice whispered in the back of his mind…yes, of course, I loved him too…this is why I left you that final message… the whistle of the kettle startled him and he moved quickly, hoping he hadn’t woken his friend or his daughter. He poured the steaming liquid and sat down at the table. He often found the quiet of the early morning to be soothing, contemplative, but today it merely provided a stark backdrop for his grief. He dropped his head onto his arms, consumed by his desperate wish that she could see Rosie. Her first tooth, her first step, her first words….it was all happening here at Baker Street. As tears dropped onto the table, he felt strong hands clasp his shoulders. Relief flooded through him--relief that he wasn’t alone, relief that he had someone with whom he could share this burden. Someone who knew who Mary was and who she wasn’t and how they had ended up here. He couldn’t bear to tell this story to someone new, make them understand. He would never be able to. He reached back and grasped Sherlock’s hands, pulling him down toward him, once again feeling as if he was drowning and Sherlock was the only thing keeping him afloat. Sherlock moved around him as John turned in his chair and buried his face into his friend’s waist, feeling arms wrap around him. Sherlock curled over him, placing kisses in his hair, his own heart breaking in tandem. The awareness that he was here with John, raising their child, instead of Mary, felt like a knife in his gut.
“Sherlock, come play for us!” Sherlock pushed off against the wall with a lingering thoughtful and slightly suspicious glance at John before heading downstairs. John took a deep breath. When heard the merry voices singing to holiday melodies, he smiled and returned to the party.
It was as if he was cracking open. Over the course of the past week, Sherlock had been slowly revealing more and more of himself to his friend. John couldn’t tell if it was a deliberate effort to give up the façade of “I’m fine” and let him in, or if Sherlock was just unable to bear the pain alone any longer. Perhaps, a bit of both. They had completed what clean-up and salvage they could in the dying light of the day. Sherlock stood before a cracked and taped window glaring at the dim street. His expression was morose and he was preternaturally still. Silence blanketed the room and John paused his final survey of the rubble to observe his friend. He cautiously approached him, a hairs breadth away.
“Anthea,” answered Sherlock, “I texted her pictures of Rosie’s things from your flat.” A warmth filled John, pushing his lips into a smile and his eyes into depths that swallowed Sherlock. Sherlock blinked rapidly and quickly filled his lungs, feeling as if he might drown.
“What don’t you know, Sherlock?” Sherlock sighed deeply and looked toward the door of his bedroom, face written with apprehension. Realization dawned on the doctor and with it came a wave of sadness. Sherlock now associated his bed with nightmares, with fear and negative experiences. John knew the feeling well and it was horrible. It was awful when the one place where you were supposed to feel secure enough to relax became aversive—when the thought of entering your own bedroom and laying in your bed made your palms slick and your stomach churn with dread. Sometimes sunset alone triggered anticipatory anxiety. He knew exactly what Sherlock was experiencing.
It was a warm summer evening, the horizon still softly lit with the lavender remains of the day. Sherlock had been at Mycroft’s for a couple of days, but now he sat with John after Rosie was asleep. John had made some delicious pasta dish and they relaxed, sated, on the couch, with wine and crap telly, when John quietly stated,
“Yes,” Sherlock said brusquely, but needed to clear his throat before continuing, “yes, you look quite…suitable for the occasion.” Even Sherlock had to flinch at his sterile choice of words. “What I mean is…” he faltered, staring at his friend once again. John recognized admiration in the detective’s open gaze and nodded his thanks, one corner of his mouth tipping up. He might’ve taken pleasure in his flatmate’s expression that bordered on desire, but he was too preoccupied to revel in it this morning. He did, however, give Sherlock’s typically sleek black suit an appreciative look and murmur,
“I don’t want you to feel that way ever again. Ever.” His voice was rough. “What do you need?” he asked, echoing Molly’s words from so long ago. Blinking, Sherlock was momentarily lost in a flashback to that time. How could he possibly deserve the friends he had?  His gaze refocused to the present, onto John’s shattered and shocked expression. It was raw and in John’s eyes he could see revelation and love and it almost broke him. He could be nothing less than completely open. He had no energy left for masks and half-truths.
“You won’t.” Sherlock interrupted. His speech was breathy, his pupils blown. “John, I’ve wanted this for as long as I can remember and I want it to last until I can’t remember a time when there was anything else.” John’s stomach fluttered, his breath heaved as if surfacing from an infinite dive. He anchored Sherlock against him, pressing his face into his friend’s heart.
I pushed myself to standing, shivering so hard that walking to the thermostat was arduous. I glared at the indicator, tapping on it, as if that would alter the reading. It couldn’t possibly be that cold in the flat!  I flicked the switch on and off aggressively, to no avail. The heater was broken on the coldest night of the year.
“You seem sad.” Sherlock shot him a quick glance before turning to the view of the buzzing London street.
“Yeah, let me know how you’re doing tomorrow, how things are going. I want to know. And tell me if I can help with anything.” John’s heart ached for his friend.
“Sherlock.” The tenderness with which John whispered his name as he ran a hand over his back, was Sherlock’s undoing. He turned and pulled John into him, holding on to him like a life raft in a stormy sea. Sherlock shook so hard that John felt his own arms were the only thing keeping Sherlock whole. They leaned against the counter, Sherlock’s tears soaking John’s shirt, for what felt like hours. Gradually, his tears subsided and Sherlock was rasping,
“John, I need them and I need them now.” The doctor shook his arm free and dropped the vacuum as it seemed that they were going to have a discussion about this, yet again. He sighed Sherlock’s name in a weary manner and moved in to the kitchen. If he wasn’t vacuuming, he could at least accomplish some other housework. He collected tea stained mugs and crumb covered plates from their cluttered table, placed them in the sink and turned on the faucet.
“No, no—“ John started to feel panicky as this conversation quickly devolved into a stammering train wreck of miscommunication. He seized a kitchen towel and wrung it in his hands, just for something to do with them, as he avoided his flatmate’s gaze.
“I’m not always right. If I hadn’t turned you down that very first night in Angelo’s….I was scared. I was scared of how I felt around you. I’d never felt truly attracted to anyone before. No one’s opinion of me had ever mattered before. I was frightened by the thought that I could be at the mercy of a cascade of chemicals in my brain. That I could care about someone, need someone else. I wanted to remain an island, aloof and in control, but you—” I choked for a moment before the words tumbled from me in an unrelenting torrent— ”You penetrated my defenses. You slipped beneath them with your smiles and your tea and your loyalty. You got into my head and under my skin. I almost told you on the tarmac, before I got on that plane. I wanted to tell you, but again, my timing was terrible. I couldn’t leave you with that, knowing what I was about to do. I’m sorry, I—"
“Who is it?” He asked, knowing that one of the young men in fatigues, smiling at the camera, was no more.
“Yes, “ he said, in an octave lower than usual, that raised chills. “The answer has always been yes. Always.” John’s breath came quick and heavy.
“I will, John. Now try to get some sleep.” His tone was rich and warm. John’s nightmare was now tucked away into the far reaches of his cortex, under the security blanket of Sherlock’s murmur. His hands were steady on his mug.
I’m going to start charging a consulting fee, because we really can’t just live off of your savings.”
“I can’t imagine these stairs are very comfortable to lie on,” John said, standing up. “Besides, I can’t wait to see the state of your flat.”
John was normally fascinated at seeing Sherlock in their true form, but now, it just felt like a punch to the gut. It seemed as though Sherlock was preparing to return to their own planet in every way possible. John clenched and unclenched his fist a few times. “Right,” he said. Sherlock was really going to leave, then. Not because of that threat, though, John knew. Sherlock wasn’t the sort to dash off because someone told them to. No, this was because they’d grown bored. Just as John had suspected. “Right,” he said again.  And now they had brought him there to rub it in. That was cruel, even for them.
Sherlock himself dressed in one of his nicest suits—fitted, with crisp lines that John used to comment on all the time. His hair was washed and styled, and his face was shaved. All in all, he looked like a moderately functional person, which was not a look he’d had for nearly two weeks. Since his argument with John, he’d taken to staying in more, which required pyjamas rather than suits. After he’d been told that John was dead, he’d essentially stopped existing, and the last week of waiting around for John to come back had been filled with anxiety and excitement in equal measure that had left it difficult for him to sit still long enough to look at himself in the mirror and assess the damage that had been done to his physical appearance because of the preceding events.
“You’re close, aren’t you?” John asked him, as if Sherlock was in any state to respond.  “Fuck, you’re so hot. Go on, then.  Let me see you.  Let go for me.”
After that, Sherlock wasn’t quite sure what to say that wouldn’t make him look like even more of an idiot, so he stood there, watching as John moved about the kitchen—which, in hindsight, probably made him look even more like an idiot than speaking would have done.
It suddenly struck John that he wasn’t looking at a man at all. The colouring in this creature’s skin pulsed continuously in a way that no paint could mimic. Likewise, the antennae twitched around in every direction in very organic movements. And then there was the fact that, yes, this creature was indeed naked, only there was a distinct lack of primary or secondary sex characteristics. Their body was smooth and hairless, save for their eyebrows and what was on their head. Their eyes were wide and grey. They were, above all, clearly not human.
He ran a hand through his hair, tugging at it in slight frustration. If he didn’t have a heart, then why did it still hurt like this?  He felt pathetic.  He had imagined that he could have something with John, but, really, why would John Watson want someone like him?  He had deluded himself into thinking there was something there, but there hadn’t been. Or perhaps John had simply changed his mind, like Victor had done.
But Sherlock still left John on his own for the several hours, only returning to John’s side for a brief bit during dinner.
John immediately took a half-step back, putting distance between them. “We can just watch telly or something.”
There was no part of this that indicated that John was lying to him merely to make him feel better. If that had been the case, he doubted that John would have been attacking his mouth quite this vigorously. Sherlock relaxed, his arms wrapping around John’s neck to keep him close. His lips were practically bruised from the force of their kiss, and yet he relished in that tangible reminder of what they were engaging in.
He bit his lip as he considered going over there to join John at his table. Surely he wouldn’t be opposed, especially not if he actually had been flirting with Sherlock before.
John took his gun out of his waistband and set it down on the floor. The last thing he needed was for Sherlock to feel overly threatened by him just then. “Is that how you think I see you?” he asked, voice almost teasing. “As an annoyance? Or a smart-arse? I mean, you are a bit of a smart-arse on occasion, so you’re not too far off there.” Sherlock looked away, and John winced. “Right. Not ready to joke around just yet.”
Having certainly realised his mistake, Sherlock’s comment only made the client angrier. He released one hand’s grip on Sherlock’s jacket, and that newly freed fist immediately was drawn back. Sherlock had just a moment to grimace before he was forced to turn his head to the side and move with the hard punch colliding with his cheek. Lovely. Now he would have a bruise. The man then lifted Sherlock by his jacket and slammed him down on the coffee table, causing two of its legs to collapse under him.
True to his word, John texted the number the following morning. Stamford was spending the day, miserable and hung-over, being cared for by his girlfriend, and John felt the sting of being single a bit too prominently right then. He was just desperate enough to try going on a few dates with Bird Girl, as he had taken to calling her mentally.
Sherlock, remembering what John had said about human politeness, saw fit to offer a brief nod at the group of individuals standing before them. Their skin was pale peach again, and their antennae were tucked away.   They looked as human as anyone else, and John, who adored seeing Sherlock in their natural form and was fascinated by their physical changeability, both loved it and hated it.
John came back with their drinks, setting down something that was an unnatural shade of pink before Sherlock. “What’s going on?” he asked as he sat down. Underneath the table, Sherlock moved so that their legs were pressed together, trying to get some modicum of comfort from the contact.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure of anything after that. Given what he knew about himself, he was fairly certain that he had just remained in that spot, going over what had just happened again and again and again, all while John carried about his business and eventually departed. When Sherlock’s blinking eyes focused on the physical world once more, he noted that John and his tools were gone and that he was still holding his wallet.
Sherlock was still confused after all of that, probably even more so than he had been before, but he was feeling much better about it, he supposed. John had touched him again, like he had done last time, for longer than he had done last time, and John had called him
John cleared his throat loudly, cutting them off. “Yeah, I don’t care what you’re thinking of doing with your ship,” he said.
John’s whole body went cold. Was this man threatening him unless he tried to send Sherlock back to their home planet? “I don’t take kindly to people threatening those that I care about,” he growled. “Now, for
It was a stupid thing to feel rejected over, but the lack of engagement had John worried. “Right, well, I’m going to head out soon to clear away the rubbish that washed into the laundry area. You ready?”
“So,” John said, watching as Sherlock wrapped his hands around his mug as if trying to absorb its warmth, “tell me a little about yourself.”
Thanks so much for reading!  I should have the next chapter up within the next two weeks!  Comments/kudos always appreciated <3
John huffed out an amused laugh, and there seemed to be some relief in the sound as well. “Fair enough.” He perched himself on the edge of the bed. “We got confirmation that it was Rohypnol he used on you. That stuff stays in your system for a few days. You should just try to sleep for the next seventy-two hours if you can.
John chuckled and immediately obeyed. This time, instead of spreading his flattened tongue out across Sherlock’s hole, he pushed the tip of it inside. Sherlock let out a loud, breathless, “
The intruder looked like he was trying to size John up, but in his inebriated state, he merely managed to sway backward.  He straightened himself up and turned back to Sherlock. “Come find me if you get bored of this one.”
John looked positively charmed, and Sherlock wondered how he had missed looks like that before they’d gotten together. “Something fruity it is.” With that, he stood up and made his way over toward the bar.
part of his anatomy under control, as he could hardly risk embarrassing himself when he met up with John later.
Sherlock nodded, taking in John’s story with interest. “So you’re a repairman until you can find a job as a doctor again.”
“Now,” he pleaded, his cock throbbing. He needed John inside him properly, felt that he would go mad if he didn’t have it.
Mummy laughed good-naturedly at that.  “Is that so?”  And because the dog had become so devoted to little Sherlock, she agreed to inform the rest of the family that his name had been changed.
He took a moment to just appreciate the sight before him. God, he’d wanted this since the first day. He smoothed his hands over Sherlock’s arse before pressing teasing kisses along their thighs. His teeth grazed along the juncture between thigh and bum, and Sherlock let out a soft, pleasant gasp. When John bit a little harder at that spot, Sherlock
The reply was almost immediate, meaning that SH had apparently been waiting around for John to ask questions before revealing anything.
“Amazing,” John breathed, and when Sherlock turned to look at the man, he was shocked at the awe in his expression. It was so poignant that it made his cheeks heat a bit.
Sorry this took me like a month to update!  I haven't lost motivation for it, I've just been crazy busy!  This chapter is a little on the longer side though so hopefully that makes up for it :)
“You’re a medical student.  You maintain good marks in all of your courses, but you still feel the need to study relentlessly for them.  You’re twenty-three years old, and you’re left-handed.  You’re not an only child; you’ve got a brother named Harry that you’re not exactly close to, but you do sometimes try to put in the token effort.  You’re likely primarily putting yourself through school with very little assistance from your parents.  You don’t come from a wealthy family, and you’re only able to attend this university because of scholarships and the minimal money you make from your job.  You work long hours on the weekends—at a bakery, I’d wager.”  Sherlock paused for a fraction of a second before adding, “And you’re bisexual, though it’s unlikely that you’ve openly dated a man, but you’re not opposed to the possibility of it.”  He wasn’t sure of that last bit, but it would be good to see John’s reaction to the statement.
Sherlock didn’t talk to him for the rest of the hour, and the green tinge remained on his cheeks until dinner.
“Pretty sure everyone knows the rules,” Donovan said. “We go around in a circle, and whoever’s turn it is will say something they’ve never done. People who have done that thing will take a drink and hold up one finger. First person to hit ten fingers or to do ten things has to finish their drink and buy everyone another round.”
John pulled out, and Sherlock grimaced at the feeling of wetness seeping out of him as well. “I think I’d like that much more if I was still hard,” he murmured.
John sighed and shoved the rice and beans he was preparing in the fridge. They would hopefully keep well enough. “Sure,” he said, offering a slightly weary smile over at Sherlock. “Let’s go, then.”
John’s brow had an angry furrow in it, and Sherlock found it oddly charming. It was a shame that John looked so good when he was grumpy, because now Sherlock would have a thing for that. “Fine,” John muttered grudgingly after a long pause, “but keep your phone on you at all times. If someone seems suspicious, text me. And we stay in each other’s line of sight the entire time, understand?”
Donovan and Anderson, who had both been silent up to that point out of what was likely guilt over the fact that Sherlock had fairly recently been drugged, now seemed to be struck mute for an entirely different reason.
“I’m fine now,” Sherlock pointed out. “You said it yourself—the drug takes a few days to get out of one’s system, and it’s been a few days.”
Murray glared at Sherlock before lifting his radio to reply. “Sorry, Captain, but we’ve got an issue out here. Some private detective is trying to bully his way onto the scene.”
This was what he did with his victims, Sherlock recalled. This was how he figured out where they lived. He got their numbers, took them home, and then returned to kill them later. He struggled to pull out his phone as the man eased him out of his seat. He needed to send a text to John, but his limbs didn’t seem to be cooperating to their fullest capacity, and his vision was spinning so much that he could hardly see what he was typing. He was being led outside, not solid enough to fight, and he hoped he’d been able to press send.
John did that same thing he had done last time where he froze for a moment, this time in the middle of brushing sweat off his forehead, and the position that resulted made Sherlock almost glad for having shocked him. “Have you been stalking me?” His tone was empty—not awed, not angry, not threatening, not
Sherlock huffed disagreeably and picked up all the bones they could carry. The front of their shirt was now covered in mud, but they seemed too irate to care. They turned on their heel and walked away back toward the main house.
There was no electric kettle at the research base, so John had to make do with the stovetop one that had been provided. Hot tea was rarely the sort of thing one craved in the Tropics, but it would be familiar enough to keep him sane as he tried to process what was happening.
Sherlock had only ever had a bit of wine before, despite being twenty years old. Drinking had simply never come up, as he usually avoided the kinds of situations in which alcohol consumption was prevalent.  “Rum,” he said at last, not really sure which would be better.
Mike furrowed his brow, clearly confused at the sudden change of subject. “No, I don’t think so. Why?”
