“That was not cheating. Technically, that was just using a skill set you didn’t know I had,” Steve protested, but he was smiling at the memory. He would bet that not many people managed to one-up Tony Stark, and he knew himself well enough to know he liked the challenge.
“Hey, when you get back.  We need to—I think we should talk,” Steve said, watching Tony’s grin falter, then fall away.  Steve sucked in a breath and resisted the urge to walk it back entirely.  “No—not.  Not like that.  Just.  Maybe we do like you said.  Get away.  Just us.  I don’t know, not the city, but…somewhere.   The two of us.”
Steve turned at the sound of the lock grating as it turned, and watched as Zola swept into the room, flanked by two of his flower-crested guards.
“Stay,” Tony said, so quietly Steve almost missed it, concentrating so much on how to offer to help Tony with, well, whatever he needed.  When he did comprehend, he felt a bolt of joy surge through him.  Tony wanted him to stay the night?
“I don’t know, Ty.  He seems pretty out of it,” Dan said, a wary, troubled tone lacing his voice.  Out of what? Tony didn’t know.  He smiled.  That was funny.  Dan was funny. He wanted to go home.
The first brush of warm breath against his hole sent a shiver through Steve.  It was light and quick and so, so incredibly intimate. He sucked in a harsh breath and dropped his forehead down to rest atop his fisted hands.
I’ve already been back, I’m here now, he thought dully, the words listless and washed out as they floated through his mind.
him to.  I talked to him when I wasn’t supposed to.  Why?  Why did I do that?  I shouldn’t have done that.  This is my fault.  They’ll know.  They’ll see.  Move.  Move, damn it.
“What should we do about…those?” the overseer asked, pointing at the shackles that still held Steve’s hands and feet.
“I did. Just need—oh, thanks—guard?” Tony asked as Steve handed him a pen, a button and something that looked like it had once been a clunky walkie-talkie from the Soviet Union circa 1977, but was now in pieces. He studied it for a minute. Damn, the transistor was gone or he could’ve done something with that.
“So, that’s probably enough conversation, then,” Steve replied, caught between a confused frown and a grin at the rare instance of a drug-addled Tony who could barely string words together.
“Probably not, but he did, and he didn’t fight it, so here we are,” Matt replied. “Ready to throw ourselves to the mercy of the completely impartial review board.”
“Just an idea,” Steve shrugged and leaned back against the sofa, his hands fisted on his legs against a sudden, phantom pressure. “Forget it.”
Tony found a soft cloth and bathed the sweat and dirt off his back and neck, then soaped his hair, massaging clever fingers into Steve’s scalp until Steve thought he might melt like some kind of wax figure, boneless and malleable.
“I’m pretty sure the contract specified upgrade SHIELD’s entire drone program, but I assume that’s probably just technical jargon for ‘play around with some of their gadgets,’” Steve replied.  “I supposed you’d know that better than I would.”
“Steve—Captain Rogers—really said this was okay?” Tony asked dubiously after a long moment.    White Coat One, Dr. Reese, okay, fine, whatever, was either the world’s best at inducing Stockholm Syndrome or telling the truth, and Tony wasn’t sure which concept was harder to accept.  His mind was skidding through the possibilities too quickly, like he was seeing them out the car window in one long, blurred line.  The idea of--of having some control, not having to go through that again…He thought back to being curled on the floor by his bed, pumping a dildo in and out of his ass while he rutted against the carpet, trying to get any kind of relief while his body was on fire from the inside out, and he wanted to grab the bottle and run almost as badly as he wanted to assure the doctor that he would never, ever use such a thing.
Tony ran the sponge up and down Steve’s back, because flour was practically sand and could get anywhere, everyone—well, bakers, anyway—knew that, so best to be careful.
Steve risked a glance over the path’s edge, only to have a dizzying panic surge through him, closing his throat for a moment, close enough to the way his spells used to when he was younger.  He took a deep breath, forcing the cold air into his lungs, and that seemed to--not calm him, but push away some of the unreality of the situation, leaving him with no answers but a thrumming need to
“I know, when we talked before, you weren’t totally sold.  This is a big change.  Obviously. For you, me, the company.  Everyone, really,” Tony continued.  “I’m not saying we turn this on overnight.  But, if you look at the numbers, the market’s there.  We’ll lose money on start-up, sure, but our tech brands are huge profit centers.  The stock’ll take a hit, sure, but they’ll carry us until we’re up and running.  I’m sure there’s a graph.”
“Well, I’d say it’s been good seeing you, but I hate lying, so,” Tony said with a shrug of his shoulders.
“Terrible. Awful.  Grossly irresponsible of me to have missed, take your pick,” Tony acknowledged with a flat grimace.
Shellhead pushed himself up and leaned over the side of the boat, spreading his hands wide.  He pointed at the crabs, then up at Steve. Shellhead often brought his catches to share, but Steve had never seen anything quite like these particular crabs.  To be fair, Steve knew you could eat crab raw, and they did look pretty meaty. He could certainly use the energy, and he trusted Shellhead to know better than he did what could be eaten.  Too many things in the sea would cheerfully reward your hunting prowess by killing you if you tried to eat them.
Tony walked to the dark-paneled bar and poured a dark, amber liquid into one of the glasses. He lifted the cubed tumbler and took a long swallow, relishing the familiar burn as the alcohol ran down his throat and soured into his stomach. He rubbed absently at the titanium band that circled around his wrist, covering the smooth, unblemished skin there where his soulmark would be.
“I like you.  Deep.  Look, single tear,” Bucky said, pulling a face and reaching up to trace a perfectly dry line down his cheek.  “Shakespeare, Steve. Truly, you have a gift.
Steve woke with a surprised rush of breath punching out of him, coming to alertness in an instant.  Tony chuckled above him and went back to scraping his beard across one of Steve’s abused nipples, then over his chest to the other while Steve’s hands curled into the bedding with an iron grip.
“Those other things you talked about…red dwarfs, gas giants…I looked up some stuff on the Internet—ah, space stuff,” Steve said, making Tony want to roll his eyes.  Space stuff.  Jesus.  Tyson—Degrasse, not Mike--would probably, nevertheless, gnaw Steve’s ear off for that kind of talk.  “I saw something once.  A, ah, I guess you’d call it an image.  From space.  Not like anything I’ve ever seen before, though,” Steve continued, his voice taking on an odd tone.  “Not stars.  Or not just stars.  Planets.  Other things.  Other places.  It—it was…” Steve stopped, sitting back in his seat, hands coming up to rest on the table in fists that kept clenching and unclenching.  “Do you know what an Einstein-Rosen bridge is?”
The figure in the mirror shifted, making a rushing swoosh of a sound as stockinged thighs rubbed together.  Okay, so, yeah, Tony thought with a sigh, this whole idea was probably crazy, but he was usually in jeans and whatever morally objectionable t-shirt he had handy, and he wanted…he wanted to be beautiful.  For Steve.  Be the kind of Omega that Steve had thought about all those years ago.  Had Steve sat in a bunker canopied by barbed wire with the whine of mortar fire overhead and thought about one of those Omegas?  About
“See?  This one,” he said, nodding at Cam. “This one knows what he’s doing.  You, on the other hand, could use some coaching.  At this and chess, apparently, hmmm?” Tony asked, leaning in conspiratorially towards Cam.  “Tell you what.  You teach him a few pretty lies for me.  I’ll teach you how to play chess, because, obviously, you don’t want to learn from someone who can’t even beat a beginner,” Tony continued as Cam smiled proudly and looked at Steve.
“Oh?” Tony mused, rolling his body towards Steve’s and running a hand idly up and down Steve’s back, grinning widely the whole time. “How so?”
“How does Nat even know this guy?” Tony asked.  “What, she strolls through Soho picking up artists when she’s not on tour with Fury’s super-secret boy band?”
“Well, How--my dad, he thought it was kind of a dumb idea, which just kind of made Jarvis want to do it all the more, but since he couldn’t really go around my dad, we ended up down at this little pond at Will Rogers Park. You can’t actually fish there, not for real, but I was like five, so I didn’t know that, and Jarvis, he made me this fishing pole out of a broomstick and some string, and he hung a thing of bread on the end. All the fish came up and nibbled at it. I thought it was
. That was… Steve didn’t have words for that was... Amazing, he supposed. It meant he had done something right before. That it had been good. He had been good. Something loosened in Steve’s chest, and he suddenly could breathe easier than he had been able to in days.
It had been that spring, the last time he saw Joshua.  The fat, grey-furred squirrel met him on the deck and climbed onto Tony’s shoulder to eat the pecans that Tony handed him one by one until his cheeks were stuffed.  That spring.  It was always ‘that spring’ in his head.  The spring they had finally managed to find time to coordinate a stay at the cabin with one of Tony’s Heats.   They never managed that feat again. Not the only thing from that spring they never managed again, Tony thought, closing his eyes for a long moment before opening them again and looking over at the lilies.  That spring was when he lilies first appeared, a bouquet Steve brought back to the cabin in a rush of excitement that translated into a shopping spree.
“Just sort of lean against the weight bar with your arm, sort of like this,” Steve told him, leaning down and mimicking the position he wanted Kirk to take.  “Right, just like that.  Perfect.  Okay, and your leg goes here.  And the other here,” Steve instructed.  He stood up and walked back a few paces, frowned and tilted his head to the side as he studied the pose.  “Right hand to your side.  No, like this,” Steve said, dropping his hand to his side to show Kirk the angle.  “Good. Good, just like that.  Okay, so just stay exactly like that and don’t move much.  And try to relax.”
“Break the spell, you mean?” Tony asked with a slight wince.  “Maybe.  I don’t know.  This is all…it’s happening fast, and there’s adrenaline, intrigue, the excitement of something new…” he trailed off, wiping a hand over his mouth, then dropping his fingers down to tapdance on the center of his chest.  “I think I’d like to try boring, you know?  Quiet. No one trying to kill me. Might be nice for a change,” he added with a caustic laugh.  Steve dropped his chin to his chest, jaw tightening, then looked away.  “But,” Tony said, drawing out the word.  “All of that—the adrenaline, the excitement, all the crap going on—honestly, none of that holds a candle to what it feels like when I make you laugh.  Or when you look at me like, I don’t know, like you think I can actually pull off this insane bullshit I come up with.  Or just now, when you’re next to me and it feels like we can handle anything the world throws at us.  I don’t think that’s Vegas, Steve.  Call me crazy, but I think that’s us.  Maybe we shouldn’t work.  For all the reasons you were worrying about.  But, I think we do.  I think we can.  And if not, then…fuck it, we’ll move back to Vegas or something.  Find some other Eagle Scout project to take on, I don’t know. We’ll—we’ll figure it out!” Tony said, tossing up his hands, then letting them fall flat against his sides.
Across the room, a layer of frost outlined the window where the edges of the curtain let in long panels of shadowed light.  A Nor’easter, they said, though the way the men at the corner deli who crowded around the small metal tables that wobbled no matter how many napkins you put under the leg said it, it sounded like they were gnawing at the word.
That deep, craving, pressing emptiness filled him, wonderful and terrible at the same time.  He wanted. Needed to be filled, and he wanted Tony, God help him, he did. He wanted to feel Tony moving inside him, filling him. He wanted to come on Tony’s cock, if he could.
And maybe there were other reasons leaving had stopped seeming like an escape sometime between trying to wring his clothes out and getting offered and actually taking the best of what could be given.
He let out a sigh.  Probably best to just get the rest of the night over with so Tony could move right on to laughing at him. Though, honestly, he knew Tony wouldn’t, though he wasn’t sure why he was so sure.  Tony wouldn’t laugh, no, he’d just be disappointed and pay Steve anyway, and that would somehow be so much worse, Steve didn’t even want to think about it.
When had being happy become so easy?  It was a learned behavior, like anything else, he supposed.  He wasn’t quite sure he could pinpoint the moment he stopped questioning it and started believing he might not only get to have it, but actually deserve it.  How did you know when an invisible scar began to heal?
“Yeah,” Steve responded slowly, eyes fixed on Tony the way he used to when he would draw him, like he was trying to see something in just the right way. “There were. Lots of them.”
It was strong, Steve knew that much.  Not just the pieces of wreckage it occasionally raised from the deep, but it had managed to drag Steve himself to safety.  Not just its arms, which were bulky enough to suggest the strength there, but those tentacles were nimble and powerful at the same time. Able to pick bits of shell from the sea floor and lift large pieces of flotsam it found and brought to shore for Steve to use in what was becoming an admittedly ramshackle home of sorts.
to Steve, in some way that he didn’t want to share, and Tony hated that.  He was a terrible, petty person, but he hated it.  Steve was his.  He sucked in a breath and realized his hand was splayed over the dog tags, pressing them into his ribcage where it rose and fell and thumped in time with his heartbeat.
“Is—is that from my—did you put beamed power cells on there?” Howard demanded, striding over and bending down to pick the robot up.  Steve watched Tony’s eyes track the movement and something, some kind of—of tightening happened to Tony.  Steve wasn’t sure how to put it into words, and there was so much going on in the frame, if he hadn’t been watching Tony so closely, he would have missed it.  This shift.  This…wariness.  A sharp stab of cold pierced Steve’s gut and he was leaning forward, gripping the side of the laptop as if he could reach inside, the word ‘No’ clanging to the front of his mind like a claxon. “Damnit, Maria, I’ve told him a thousand times, he just doesn’t
“No, but you will wake soon,” Tony said obliquely, then smiled, glancing away with a somewhat rueful expression.
“You know,” Steve said, leaning in closer. “We’d disappoint Bucky if we didn’t,” he said, gently nudging his lips at Tony’s.
“HOLY FUCKING SHIT!” Tony shouted, everything slamming into him at once.  “What the—“ he gulped, running both hands through his hair and grabbing at the ends, giving them a sharp tug to make sure he was still conscious.  “What the hell did you do?  Holy shit.  Holy
“You should feed him something first. Bet the little guy is hungry,” Clint pointed out.  “Thor, you headed out?”
Tony regaled him with stories of the development of the first video game at MIT back in the sixties. Tony actually owned one of the last remaining consoles that played the original version. Tony liked Italian food, also a byproduct of his mother, which explained the amazing meal that Steve eventually learned had been flown in from a hole-in-the-wall, red-checked tablecloth, candles in old wine-bottles kind of diner in New York that Tony swore had the best pasta outside of Italy.
Dinner was an unfortunate rabbit who ran afoul of one of Tony’s traps and a fat squirrel that Dummy managed to corner, along with some nuts and berries from Tony’s pack. By the time they curled up on the furs inside the lean-to, Tony was full and his feet aching, but too restless to sleep. He pulled Steve to him as soon as Steve laid down, pressing their mouths together, his hands scabbering for the ties of Steve’s breeches. Steve laughed into his mouth, kissed him harder, then pulled back and pushed himself up to his knees, shrugging off his tunic as he did.
“Ahhhh--ah-ah--” Tony stammered.  “Hi. Um. Hello? Hi. So, ah--what--oh, what are you, what, you’re going to touch--okay, well, ah, that’s usually a second date activity, but exceptions, I guess.  I mean, there should probably be gloves or some kind of, I don’t know, quarantine, that’s a thi--oh…” The thing stroked a hand down each side of Tony’s face, leaving the pads of his fingers against Tony’s forehead, just above his eyes, his cheeks, and just under his chin.
Steve slowed and pointed, nudging his elbow gently into Tony’s arm to direct him to what had Steve’s attention.  A cannon, mounted on a large, wheeled wagon, appeared to have come apart into its various pieces. The vent piece that screwed into the touch hole was laying next to the trunnions that served to mount the cannon to its carriage. The rimbases and reinforce ring were also laying almost carefully next to one of the carriage’s wheels. The canonical chase of the cannon itself sat in the grass with a few broken muzzle rings.
Feel free to come over to twitter, discord or tumblr and find me at sabrecmc.  It's pretty much just Stony and stories.
Tony’s pace sped up, battering at Steve’s hole, and then his thrusts faltered, and his body seized, slamming into Steve once more as he spilled his seed.  He chased the feeling with a few more shallow thrusts, emptying himself inside Steve, then pulled out and dropped back onto the edge of the bed, breathing hard.  Steve watched him scrape a hand through his damp hair, leaving it in a mess of curls pasted to his head, then looked up at Steve.  His mouth opened, then closed, and he drew in a long breath, face going soft.
“Clearly overcome.  It happens,” the King said with a shrug, then laughed, a high, deprecating sound, as he tipped his head back and looked at the ceiling, shoulders shaking as he closed his eyes and shook his head.  “You are exceedingly awful at artifice, do you know that?”
me, Steve,” Tony pressed, half frustrated, half pleading.  “You should have told me you liked me, just asked me out like a normal person, not this secret code bullshit where I have to read between the lines and figure out that some invitation to dinner and a movie is a date!  Okay, not the best example!”  Tony admitted at Steve’s raised eyebrows.
“Seventy years? Wow, okay, that’s--wow,” Tony stammered, momentarily stunned.  “You look good for your age,” Tony managed, then winced at the poor joke, but the alien smiled, seeming to understand.
“For the Giver, the Gift is...toxic, I think you would say.  If we do not share with our mates, it will eventually become too much for us, and the Giver will die,” the alien replied.
“Tony, then.  My mom always called me Steven, at least when I was in for it. Which was a lot of the time,” Steve told him, mouth twisting into a grimace.  He shouldn’t have said that. Why would he say that?  Tony would think he had been a troublemaker. Granted, that wasn’t without some merit, Steve could acknowledge.
There was even a picture of Cap in the middle of the smoking ruin of a Hydra base holding the radio close to his ear, , one of the few pictures of him in the battlefield where he was actually smiling, squinting off in the direction of the photographer, like he’d been caught off-guard.  He’d asked Aunt Peggy about the radio once.   She’d said Cap probably kept it around so he’d know what orders to disregard entirely, and then laughed in that strange way that adults laughed at things that weren’t really funny, throwing her head back, shoulders shaking until she had to wipe tears out of her eyes.  She’d ruffled his hair then and told him he was a lot like Captain America, which wasn’t true, he knew, but it made something wonderful burst warm and wild inside his chest anyway.
“Is he okay? Was—was he here?” Steve managed, though the effort of actual words was far more than he would have thought.   There was something playing at the edge of his mind, like watching a home movie before it came into full focus.  A dark shadow moving around the room, circling the foot of his bed, talking, sometimes, sometimes just moving, back and forth, close but out of reach.  Sometimes just standing there, and he’d liked those times, felt safe.  And once—once he remembered thinking someone was upset, and that he should comfort them, and he’d tried to get up, but he’d been tied down or—no.  Not tied down, he realized.  The wires and IV lines running like a cat’s cradle from his body to the machines and medicines that were trying to help keep him alive, or tell Bruce what was killing him, he wasn't sure.
“You’re drunk, Tony,” Steve reminded him. “You should sober up. Then we can talk about…about options.”
Leaving the balcony and the disappointed bird behind, he padded across the thick carpets to the bath, tossed his robe aside and sank into the steaming water.  Maybe the heat would clear his head, he thought without really believing it as he leaned back against the tub’s rim and studied the ceiling without really seeing it.
“Agent Coulson’s going to escort you to the R&D floor,” Steve said.  “I won’t be long with Fury.  If you need anything, Coulson will call me.”  Tony nodded, rocking back and forth on his heels, hands snapping together with nervous excitement.
“I think it is my favorite now, though.  It…feels right. In a way that I…I mean, it is still ridiculously ostentatious, yes,” Tony said with a short huff of laughter.  Steve’s breath hitched as Tony’s fingers grazed over his balls, lifting and caressing them, then giving each a slight squeeze. “Tony,” Steve warned in a low voice.  He let out a puff of air and twisted a bit, angling for Tony’s hand.
“Just what?  Look, Steve, you know this is your decision, right?” Brock told him.  “I know we already kinda spent some of it and made plans for the money and all that, but, you know, we’ll figure it out. If you wanna bail, that’s totally your call.”
He meant it to be placating, maybe even a little teasing, but it just sort of came out rough and thick, like the words were sticking to the roof of his mouth.  God, Steve smelled good, Tony thought sluggishly.  He sucked in a deep breath through his nose, and felt the powerful musk burn its way down his throat to his lungs.  Everything went sort of hazy and muffled in his head for a moment, like he was at the end of a tunnel and something was rushing towards him with a low rumble of energy.  His body instinctively poised for flight, coiling up like a spring, but he didn’t move.  He wasn’t sure he could, even if he wanted to.  His mind seemed barely capable of offering suggestions to his body, who was currently sort of taking things under advisement.
“In my defense, I also like you,” Tony replied, with a somewhat chagrined look towards Bruce.  “And trust you. Something that is in short supply for me.”
When he peeked out the garage door, Steve was nowhere in sight.  The deck was empty, save for Tony’s telescope and an easel that was folded up and leaning against one of the rails.  Great.  Steve was doing his angst-painting.  That always boded well.
She shrugged and pulled the door open, stepping past him and into the hallway where Happy ran up huffing behind her.
Speaking of herdsmen, could ask Coulson for an update.  As it was, Coulson’s occasional cryptic messages were going to be Tony’s supervillain origin story.  He could, of course, try actually asking for an update or at least something more specific—Steve was his Alpha, after all, but that seemed like an admission somehow, and one that he wasn’t sure he wanted to make.
He kept searching for a while. The Internet was a vast, often overwhelming, sometimes helpful, sometimes concerning, experience.  Honestly, though, none of the suggestions he was finding really seemed like the kind of thing that would impress Tony. Tony was...he was...whatever he was, Steve huffed out a low laugh.  Steve was still trying to figure that out, but he liked the puzzle. Figuring Tony out was just as difficult and often intimidating as figuring out this strange, new world, but it was--it felt like a series of steps he could take, one at a time, and each time he made one, there was the possibility of something good.  Making Tony happy.  Not just an infinite series of mistakes, but a goal.  Steve liked having an objective.  Tony wasn’t a mission, but, it was a straightforward, discrete goal--make Tony happy--and that appealed to him, even if exactly how to do that was sometimes just as nebulous and unfathomable as everything else in this time.
“If you were not compatible, you would not survive the Sharing. I did not want to harm you further,” the alien said.
“I feel like there’s a learning the facts of life pun that I’m missing here, and it pains me, quite frankly,”  Tony whined.  “Besides, I’m not mocking your hatchback.  I loved that car. Next to Steve, best ride I ever had.”
at Steve while Thor rattled on, shooting pointed looks at Tony.  Steve just frowned at him.  Bucky grinned and nudged Natasha, then jerked his head in Tony’s direction in the least subtle way possible.
“I have never loved art more,” Tony rasped out, then dipped his head and licked his tongue in a long, flat stripe from the head of Steve’s cock down the shaft to the root, spreading a stream of pre-cum and saliva as he did.  Steve’s whole body went taut.  A burst of air punched out of his stomach.  He made some kind of choked-off, guttural sound in the top of his throat.  “Couldn’t resist,” Tony said as he glanced up at Steve, winked, and took Steve’s cock in his hands.
"Hey, I'm a genius even when I am a---Wait," Tony stuttered, blinking and trying to catch the trail of thought he was following.
I regret that I can't answer comments due to no mental spoons for that at the moment, but I do read and appreciate every one.  Many thanks for reading along.
“Everyone has nightmares once in awhile, Cap.  Hell, around here, we call that Tuesday night,” Tony assured him, too fast and too slick, he knew by the way Steve’s face shuttered and he drew back, though that was probably a good thing, all things considered, but Steve didn’t let go of him, and he couldn’t quite bring himself to move away, unable to let go once given the chance to hold on.  He closed his eyes briefly, and let out a low puff of air.
They were both quiet for a long time as they walked.  Steve’s leg still wasn’t fully healed, so he couldn’t keep up a brisk pace, and kept looking back over his shoulder.  Anto wanted to tell him that he didn’t have to worry. Anto wasn’t someone the clan would chase down. He wished he’d had the chance to say goodbye to Jhrvis, though, but he somehow thought Jhrvis wouldn’t be surprised to find him gone with this man of the Others who bore the same mark of the cave bear that he did.
“I know,” Steve responded resolutely.  “I will.  I am.  Just…not tonight.”  Ok, that sounded lame even to his ears.
“I can’t just—just quit my job and…and do what?” Steve asked.  “Do nothing.  I can’t—what’s am I supposed to do?”
Tony sighed and rolled his lip between his teeth, shrugging his shoulders a bit.  “It’s fine, Professor. I should have been prepared,” Tony replied.
“Not that I don’t appreciate the whole shovel talk thing you have going, but I swear, the last thing I ever want to do is hurt him,” Tony told him, voice laced with a vehemence he hadn’t really intended, but couldn’t quite manage to keep out.
“But, if there were an energy source.  Say…say there were.  Something powerful that could…channel this energy…could it work?” Steve pressed, something shifting behind his eyes, making Tony pause at the sudden change of tone from curiosity to something deeper, something more urgent that rattled Tony for a bit. Why did Steve suddenly care about this kind of thing?  Where in the world was this coming from? Tony had thought it was about him, testing him, maybe, some weird Are You Smarter Than Your Omega Was In Fifth Grade thing, which, no, probably not, but this was clearly about Steve, which was…weird.  “Do you think—something like that, something that could do that—what else could it do?”
“Schwinn, I think,” Steve replied.  Tony blinked owlishly at him for a moment, like it took him a beat to process that, then seemed to still himself to near motionlessness, like if he moved at all he would squirm.  It was kind of adorable—no, wait, that wasn’t the word—that was a ridiculous thought—refreshing.  It was refreshing to see Tony thrown a bit off-kilter, Steve thought, if for no other reason than it was just nice it wasn’t him this once.
T’Challa’s eyes narrowed, but he nodded, dipped his head just the slightest and left Steve watching him disappear, soundlessly, seamlessly, into the shadows and dark spaces that clung to the corners.  Steve uncurled his fist and looked down at the flash drive for a long moment, then pocketed it and headed for the opposite end of the warehouse.
Steve sucked in a breath and his  hips thrust against Tony’s hand of their own accord at Tony’s words.  Steve thought he might have tried to speak, but it came out as just a long, stuttering groan that might have started as Tony’s name.  His head exploded with desire, and the breath that came out of him felt like someone had punched him in the chest.
He didn’t care if this was all Tony wanted from him.  This was enough.  It would have to be.  He tried to put everything he was feeling into his kiss, giving back as much as he could, and he heard Tony moan, low and deep against his mouth.
Rhodey ignored him, though did lower his weapon when…the redheaded bouncer from the club where Steve worked rushed into the room, followed by another man sporting a…bow and arrow who brushed past everyone and went to Obie’s side.  Okay, maybe Steve and Rhodey were right, and Tony
“Is that a no?” Tony pressed.   “You don’t want to talk to me, I get that.  I do. But, I told Coulson we were fine.  That you were fine.  Are we—are we fine?”
“How do you feel?” Tony asked, voice all husky with satisfaction that said he knew quite well how Steve felt.
“Tony,” Steve said softly, pulling back far enough so he could grasp Tony’s arms, pulling him down in front of Steve so they were almost eye level. “I see you and…I don’t want to look at anything else.  You…you’re…look at what you’ve done.  What you have chosen to do.  You have no idea how hard it is…how difficult it has been not to just—“ Steve stopped himself, shaking his head.
“Yeah, it’s okay,” Tony said gently, cupping his hands on the sides of Steve’s face. “I got you, babe,” Tony vowed, voice soft and rough.  His lips were red and glistening and Steve had a surge of possessive pleasure at the thought that it was because of him.  “Going to make this so good for you.  So very, very good, I swear,” Tony promised, hands still running up and down over Steve’s chest in a soothing motion.  He hadn’t realized he was still trembling, but he just watched Tony, trusting him to handle things because Steve couldn’t have managed to raise so much as a protest if Loki himself had waltzed into the room.  Tony had some kind of tube in his hand and was asking Steve again if he was sure, and Steve had a moment to wonder about Tony’s mental acuity because if the man didn’t touch him again he was probably going to come undone.
“You kept saying ‘errors’,” Steve clarified at Tony’s blank look.  The hands wrapped around Tony’s hips tightened their grip, stilling him long enough for his mind to find focus.
Tentatively, Steve let his own tongue slide along Tony’s lips, exploring carefully, until Tony’s mouth slanted over his, his hands cupping Steve’s jaw until he found the right angle, encouraging Steve to foray deeper.
The sewing was strangely Steve-like, Tony settled on, and oddly comforting.  Fixing something like an old t-shirt that didn’t matter and could be easily replaced.  He wasn’t sure why it was Steve-like, but the little patch-job practically screamed ‘Steve was here’ at him.
“Tony, seriously, I beg you!” Pepper shouted.  “I haven’t even gotten the building insurance policy yet.”
“Eh, eat.  Schmooze. Dance. Talk to people you don’t know and pretend to be interested about their investments or their kids or whatever. The usual,” Tony replied, stepping around Steve.
On the other hand, it really didn’t have to be an either-or situation, he thought a moment before his fist smashed into Hammer’s face with a satisfying crunch.
“Certainly not.  However, I will strongly urge you to do so,” Jarvis replied.  “Tony,” Jarvis said, reaching out a hand to grab Tony’s wrist as he brushed past.  “You see that you were rejected once, and I’ll not deny that your…arrangement with Captain Rogers is highly unusual.  But, if you wonder what acceptance looks like, you have only to look around you.  Perhaps it is not love.  Or, not the kind you are hoping for. Not yet, at any rate.  I shall leave you to judge that for yourself.  Though, I would wager it is a lot closer to it than you think.”
“I think I’m entitled at this point, Pegs,”  he informed the sketch, sucking in a breath and pulling the quilt closer around his shoulders.
believe that some things couldn’t be bought, even if he’d forgotten that for a weekend.  He wanted Tony to believe that, too. Tony deserved to believe that.  Maybe more than anyone.
“Fine. You know this is not how normal people react to things.  I’m just saying,” Pepper replied with a frown that melted into something a lot softer.  “Like him, huh?”
“And yeah, that’s turning out to be something of a major cockblocker, but you know, revels,” Tony grinned, then leaned in and nudged his mouth over Steve’s. His beard scraped over Steve’s lips. It was wonderful. Steve turned, mouth seeking, but Tony was talking again, whispering lowly against Steve’s ear as he peppered light, airy kisses along Steve’s jaw and under his ear. That was nice, Steve decided with a sigh.
It had felt good, winning at life. Showing up here in his fancy car and bespoke suit and confirming everything he’d wanted to believe about what life after Tony had looked like for Steve, but there was winning and then there was seeing folder after folder of what it looked like to struggle, and why? Why had Stevev even going into the Army in the first place? All that money, he surely hadn’t needed to, so was it some sense of duty? Maybe, okay, fine. 9/11 had changed a lot of things, Tony could freely admit, so maybe it had transformed Steve’s practicality into a calling, who knew? Still, whatever the reason, winning at life looked a hell of a lot more like not playing when you had a box of medical forms staring you in the face.
He didn’t like talking about Tony. Not yet.  Not around here, even with Natasha, who he generally got along with well enough.  It was a sore spot--Tony and his Bonding--he knew, and so did she, he strongly suspected.  She raised her eyebrow in question, but didn’t push him, for which he was stupidly grateful. What could he say?  My Omega is terrified of me, wants nothing to do with me, and is happier when I’m not around, so I’m not around, because I’m supposed to be making him happy, even if it means....whatever it means.
Steve blinked at him, surprised and absurdly pleased. It felt like an olive branch, Steve thought. Maybe. Was he supposed to take it?  Or turn it down and release Tony from the obligation of spending time with him? He didn’t think he was capable of turning it down.
“SHIELD is—it’s doing good. Helping,” Steve replied flatly into the quiet void of the kitchen.  Outside the window, the squirrel was back, turning an acorn over and over between its claws, like it was trying to decide whether to have it today or save it for later.
“Um, yes.  Well, no, I mean, I’m not—I’m not an artist, not really,” Steve corrected.  “I mean, I do some art.”  Do some art?  God, please let him be struck mute.  “Charcoals, mostly.  Some painting, but—“
Tony sucked in a shaky breath, his eyes darting up and down over Steve’s face, then he leaned in and kissed him, pushing his tongue past Steve’s willing lips and delving deep into the recesses of Steve’s mouth. The familiar scrape of beard against his mouth, the taste of Tony still on his tongue, and the possessive way Tony’s mouth sought to claim his all combined to stoke the embers of desire deep inside Steve. His spent cock stirred slightly with interest, earning a low, pleased chuckle from Tony.
The edges of their dresser mirror were stuffed with a collage of photos, mostly from their travels. Some from college.  Tony and Rhodey in their graduation robes, holding their diplomas and grinning like idiots with their arms slung over each other’s shoulder.  One of a five-year old Tony being held by Jarvis, who was wearing a truly awful Christmas sweater.  Rudolph. With a glowing nose.  Tony had loved that sweater.  He hadn’t really understood why Jarvis didn’t wear it all the time.  A black and white photo with a crease at the top right corner and a neat, white edge of the Commandos sitting in a trench, helmets pulled low over dirty faces with sandbags stacked around them.  Morita was sleeping with his head on Dernier’s shoulder.   Barnes was standing, back to the camera, looking down the barrel of a rifle that pointed out between two sandbags and a length of barbed wire.  Tony always wondered, why that photo.  Why that moment.  Why right
“Rumlow,” Coulson said evenly.  Rumlow glanced over his shoulder at where Tony stood against the back of the elevator next to Coulson with a casually appraising look that quickly turned to something far less casual.
to be nicer.  He’s trying, with all of this…this craziness.  Since…the thing.  The stock, the DoJ…there’s a lot going on.  Obie’s helping.  Taking as much off my plate as he can.  Be nice, okay?  For me?”
“I don’t like this.  I still don’t know what they have.  I mean, the stripper thing, sure, but everyone loves a Cinderella story.  Still.  One misstep and the police are going to not just have the right to interrogate Steve, but probably charge you both with obstruction.  Steve—no offense—but, we still don’t know a lot about you.  I know you went through Matt’s questions, but I’d like to get a bio from you that I can work up and give to the press.  Something a bit more colorful than your social security number,” Ms. Potts requested.  “Maybe some details from your childhood or your military service?  Everyone likes a veteran.”
“It’s called silk,” the man said, his eyes twinkling a bit as Steve drew his hand back as if burned. Maybe he wasn’t supposed to touch it. Probably he wasn’t. It had to be expensive. The man wouldn’t want it messed up by the likes of Steve.
“Huh.  Well, let’s see what the good doctor has to say,” Tony muttered, opening the attachment.  Thermonuclear astrophysics?  Bit hefty for late night reading, but at least somewhat interesting, he mused.  He managed to make it as far as quantum tunneling effect before switching off the tablet, blinking at the sudden darkness.  He reached up and jerked off his bowtie, undoing the buttons of his dress shirt and untucking it from his waist before pushing himself up and shrugging it off, letting it fall to the floor.  He toed off his shoes, then kicked off his pants, padding to the bed in his boxers and socks.
He stepped back, admiring his handiwork for a moment. Though he had no idea if someone would come in after him, he rather liked the idea of leaving the man plugged up and full of his cum. The red color was nice against the lightly tanned skin of the man’s bottom. He rather liked the red.
“You, testing cures and elixirs out on yourself?  Is that not the origin of all of this? Not that I’m complaining, as the whole quagmire got you out of the middle of nowhere and back to the capital where you belong,” Tony added with a shrug.  He pulled a handful of leaves off a nearby bush and held them out to Bruce, who shook his head.
“Okay, like…” Steve started, and then cut himself off, a hint of redness creeping across his cheekbones as he sank to his knees in front of Tony, burying his head against Tony’s stomach for a moment before peeling back to look up at him.
Seven…six….five…. Steve counted down the floors, four…he reached out and tucked his hand into Tony’s.  Tony went still. Three.  He looked up at Steve and tightened his hand where Steve’s curled around it. Two.
Steve wasn’t blind to the reason for his sudden surge of inspiration. Tony was a force of nature, sweeping them all along.  Maybe he always had been. Maybe that was one of the things that had attracted Steve so much from the get-go, if he was honest with himself.  He knew he could stagnate, dig himself in and become so entrenched in what he was doing that he couldn’t see he had long since stopped actually moving forward.  Bucky said it was stubbornness. Sam said feeling stuck and being unable to let go of the past was a textbook sign of PTSD. Frankly, he liked Bucky’s interpretation better, but whatever it was, it lessened around Tony.  It didn’t disappear. But, it was easier to see. Maybe it was the contrast, Steve thought with a mental huff, but just being able to see it helped loosen its hold somehow, like whatever grip it had on him gave, just a bit, and he could move again.
“I don’t know, taste?  Discernment? And I don’t know what this blood vendetta you have with the Yankees is all about, but we can obviously agree the Patriots are the literal worst, I assume,” Tony said behind a forkful of risotto that he was waving around for emphasis.
“I’ll take my chances,” Rhodey replied nonchalantly, checking his watch.  “Figure he should be home anytime now, if he works a regular shift.  Does he work a regular shift?”
“If…I mean, I guess…if it were just random people and not…I guess I’d think that was, you know, kind of awesome. That the Alpha would do that,” Tony admitted.
Steve nodded. He didn’t like it, but it was Tony’s call, and he could certainly see the logic of appearing around Stane as if everything was fine.  It was loud at the table. People clapped and cheered with each roll of the dice. Stane had a booming voice that set Steve’s teeth on edge. He loomed, in the way big men sometimes did, spreading his hands wide, leaning, taking up more space than he needed.  This was the man who sold weapons to terrorists, weapons that had probably been used against people Steve knew. This was the man who, even now, was plotting to take something from Tony and use it for some kind of pseudo-fascist organization that was apparently festering within the highest levels of government.   And, the one that sat at the forefront of his mind at the moment, this was the man who had orchestrated Tony’s kidnapping and near-death.
right, Steve.  Or maybe I just want to believe it, I don’t know.  But what is this,” he crumpled the check in his fist, “what is this, if you weren’t right?  And I’m telling you my poor little rich boy life story so that one, you will appreciate why I could not give a flying fuck what your ex wants to tell the papers about me, and two, so you will know what it means when I say that leaving you the other morning was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done.  So, tell me.  Tell me what I’m supposed to do here, Steve, because I don’t--God, I want you to be right, I do, God help me, I do, and if you’re not, if you didn’t mean anything, and this is just some gesture, whatever, just say so, just tell me--”
“I shoulda figured you’d go running to him.  Always did,” Brock snorted, glancing past Steve.  Probably looking for Bucky, Steve thought, ignoring the jibe.
“Oh, um, by the way.  You’ll need this,” Tony said, hands fumbling as he quickly dropped his eyes while his cheeks warmed under Steve’s gaze. “For now.  I know we kind of talked about it yesterday.  I just figured the press might ask, if we didn’t, I mean.  Raise questions. All that,” Tony said, digging into his jacket pocket and pulling out the small box that he held up for Steve.   “Nothing fancy.  Just something I had laying around, you could say.  Not like an heirloom or anything, just some leftover metal that I thought might be nice.  Pepper handled it, really.  I just…I thought…you know.  Anyway, here,” Tony finished somewhat lamely, watching with a strange sort of nervous excitement as Steve plucked the box from his hand.
“This?  This is the coolest shit that has ever happened to me. I protested for democracy, got arrested, locked up, and rescued by Captain America.  I’m just…yeah, okay, I’m going to say it,” Rhodey announced, face firming up.
“Well, no.  But, I’ve never met anyone near as smart as you, so the way I see it, if it can be done, then you can figure out how to do it,” Steve explained with a  shrug and reached for another blueberry muffin.  That just made sense, as far as he was concerned.
“There will be press there, you know.  At the commencement.  Lots of students, families, alumni…” Tony said, looking down at the shiny robe that he still couldn’t quite believe he was wearing.  “Maybe someone says something…to the press, or, I don’t know, shouts something out during the ceremony or something.  Maybe they laugh.”
“Uh-huh.  Gonna go look longingly at Marvin for awhile and wash it down with some Glenlivet?  Yeah, no. I’m in D.C.  I can be there in a couple of hours,” Rhodey announced.  “We’ll talk it out.  Then I’ll decide if I’m gonna to kick your maybe-still-husband’s ass or not.”
“Hey, I like the Yankees,” Rhodey said mildly, leaning back in his seat.  “Kind of the classic team, right?”
“If you asked it of me?  You mean…like if we were sparring?” Steve asked, frowning at Tony in confusion.
Whoa, fuck. That worked.  Thank God, Tony thought, feeling his heartrate return to something approaching mere jumping out of a plane without a parachute as opposed to about to embarrass himself in front of Steve level.  Other parts of him decided to follow suit, thank God, his cock thankfully flagging from full-mast, though not before he had to shift in his seat and cross his legs in a manner that was probably about as discreet as asking to be left alone with an apple pie.
Tony stepped away from the wall, holding himself for a long moment in the shadows, his eyes closed and his head tipped back towards the sun.  Finally, he took the closest torch from its sconce, brushed past Steve, and walked over towards the wide bowl where it sat on the pedestal.  Steve’s fists dug into his thighs as he watched Tony light the tinder in the bottom of the bowl.  Tony grimaced, staring down at the blood-stained cloth in his hand. My blood, Steve thought.  Blood and night, and now, day and fire, he supposed.  Tony looked up, towards the darkened sun, a bleak expression flickering over his face for the briefest of moments.
“Well, certainly, the aquarium is out,” Tony agreed. Steve couldn’t help laughing at that, though he tried to contain it when he caught the maitre’d’s carefully bland expression.  Tony seemed delighted by it all, grinning widely with a look that said he had gotten away with something, and Steve’s mind flashed to a quiet, beautiful house where everyone was polite and no one yelled.
“So, she came up with a way to get what turned out to be the mind stone out of Vision’s head, which Wanda then kindly blew to smithereens,” Tony finished, spreading his hands wide.  “Yes, there is still the time stone,” he added when Steve opened his mouth to object. “We’re working on it. But, honestly, even a mad Titan is going to think twice about going too far back in time.  You might be ever so slightly familiar with unforeseeable consequences? Yeah, they’re a bitch. Point is, we have a plan. We’re preparing. Iron Legion’s up and running. Ultron is the first line of defense, sure, but we’ve got some surprises up our sleeves if and when Thanos heads this way.”
He drew up next to where his car was parked and leaned back against it while he stared up at Steve's building. His fingers were numb around the phone from the cold, but he didn't want to end the call, because then he would have no reason for not leaving that wasn't completely pathetic and probably, as the lawyer upstairs would no doubt tell him, vaguely stalkerish.
“Oh-ho-ho, is he now?  I don’t know about that.  My money’s on the robot,” Stane said.  He lit the end of the cigar and sucked in his cheeks, then puffed out a ring of smoke.  “What do you think, Howard?  Captain America versus robot?”
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but no words seemed to want to come out, so he just shook his head, a laugh bubbling up.  “Of course you did.”
“Maybe he’s smart enough not to leave the surround of his Knights and get himself killed,” Steve countered.
Tony got his feet to cooperate enough to stutter-step to the side, but at least that resulted in Stone’s hand moving away from his neck and down to his shoulder, where it sat, no,
“One thing at a time, okay?  Let me call Sam,” Barnes offered.  “He can tell that job that he has someone else for them.  You…you stay here. Rest.  Then, we’ll see about that doctor, okay?  Maybe get you back with the group thing that Sam runs.  That’d be good, right?  You said it helped, hearing other vets talk. I’ll go, too. Hell, Nat’s been after me for ages to give it another go.”
Tony hummed out a moan of surrender, let go of his tags, and reached both hands behind him.  He grasped the round globes of his ass and pulled himself apart, baring his hole where it dripped with slick, wide and loose and ready.  The lace thong gave scant covering, brushing against his rim where it puckered and pulsated as Tony held himself open.
“You said.  You said, whatever it was, we’d be okay,” Tony reminded Steve in rough, broken voice that he barely recognized as his own. It sounded like a plea.  He thought maybe it was, as useless as it felt. Steve was already gone. They both knew it. Tony was just prolonging the inevitable. A part of him understood that, but he couldn’t seem to just let go and walk away, as familiar as that song and dance should have been to him by now.
“Well, you’re not totally useless,” Tony sighed, brought up the phone’s search engine and typed in a quick query.  Huh.  That was…odd.  Apparently, Italy’s border changed at the end of World War Two, with the signing of the Paris Peace Treaties in ’47, and then again along the border with what was then Yugoslavia.  The changes were barely noticeable, at least to Tony’s eye, yet Steve had Vespucci-ed the differences from a paper placemat at some hole-in-the-wall Prego joint.
He wondered what was wrong with him now that the serum couldn’t fix. He thought SHIELD might be wondering that, too.
“Found him hiding under a satellite truck,” Stane remarked.  “You know, if he’s too much to handle—"
“What if he doesn’t like me?” Tony asked.  “Doesn’t want to deal with some Omega who should be home making omelets or whatever.”
“Uh…of course,” Estes replied.  “That’s…I mean…fantastic, great,” he said, clapping his hands together.  “Who needs the big roadshow, am I right?  Mr. Stark knows a good thing when he sees it.  You know what you want, and you go for it.  Man of action.  Decisive. I get it, I get it.  I’m the same way, really,” Estes said.
Still, he couldn’t stop himself from wondering if he had gotten the right things. Bucky always said Steve liked to mother hen people, probably because of how much he had needed help growing up.  It was how you showed you cared for people, taking care of them, at least in Steve’s experience.   He didn’t know about Tony’s experience, but it probably wasn’t affection through grocery purchases, Steve thought with a deep sigh.
Slowly, Steve undid the belt at his waist, then let the robe drop to the floor.  He crawled onto the bed and knelt in the center, like Tony had instructed, with his back to the door.  Closing his eyes, Steve let his chin dip down to his chest and drew in a long, slow breath, held it, then let it out.  He repeated the act until his heart stopped pounding in his chest, then opened his eyes.  Waited.  He had no idea how long Tony would need to remain at the party or even what time it was now, though the moon was full out in the night sky, so it had to be past midnight.
“I know, I know, it’s over, we don’t talk about that stuff, yadda, yadda.  Just thinkin’ out loud. Come on, let’s go get you all gussied up,” Brock replied, shooting Steve a teasing smile when he pulled a face at Brock’s choice of words.
“Steve,” Tony repeated. “Hang up. Hang up the phone,” Tony told him urgently, though he could tell the moment it was too late as Steve’s face went from shocked and confused to carefully blank as he withdrew the phone from his ear and hit the off button, staring down at the device in his hand for a long pause before looking back up at Tony.
It will come to war, one day, won’t it, he wondered, swallowing hard. This isn’t sustainable. For either side.
,” Tony amended, taking a breath and flattening his mouth. “Not that I’d be judging that, but a--you know what I mean. Shrink-type person.”
Shame, shame, know your name, he thought somewhat hysterically. He'd been wrong, he knew that. This is what happens when you don't just do what you're supposed to, be what you're supposed to be. He knew that, damn it. Why did he always have to fuck himself over? Was the world really not doing just fine at that on its own?
“I—nothing.  Nothing, not—not really,” Howard stammered, glancing around the room and not seeming to find many friends by the way his face fell for a moment, before the mask slipped back into place.  “Tony, you know I didn’t mean to do that.  You know that, right? I would never do that.  You know that.  Tell them.  Go on.  Tell your Aunt Peggy.  Come on, she’s gonna think I’m a bad guy or something.”
Speaking of things he didn’t want to deal with…there were twelve missed calls on his phone, he saw when he finally lay back against the pile of bed pillows and checked.  All from Bucky, of course, though just one message, which consisted of, “Call me back, you jerk,” and nothing more.  He didn’t really have answers for what Bucky’s questions would boil down to, namely, what in the world was he doing mixed up in whatever this was with Tony Stark, so he cradled the phone to his chest until the screen went black, then put it on the nightstand to charge in what doubled for a clock and speakers.
“How do you--” Steve began.  He started coughing then. It came on him abruptly, like it sometimes did, and he reached for the rag he had stuffed down in his pocket, using it to catch the spittle. Tony grasped his thin shoulder, holding him as his body was wracked by the cough, while Steve tried to mutter an apology between his fits of hacking.
Tony looked away again, his eyes scanning the rocks, seeing nothing, Steve was sure. Steve studied Tony, his heartbeat pounding in his ears to the rhythm of the water falling next to them. He knew what he was going to say before the words left his mouth. He wasn’t sure he could stop himself, even if he wanted to, and he didn’t want to.
“Don’t gloat,” Steve admonished with a low laugh, making Tony relax into a smile.  “You’re right. I can help, and I
Tony ran a hand up and down over his face and let his heartrate return to normal as he watched the outline of the ceiling fan cut through the air above.  He wondered what had woken him.  There was something on the edge of his mind, a dream or snatches of it, but it was already fading with wakefulness.  Maybe a nightmare, if the way his heart was hammering was any indication.  Wouldn’t be surprising, all things considered.
“I know,” Tony replied.  He didn’t know what else to say.  He rubbed a hand up and down over his face, looking down at the pills that had spilled out of the bottle, probably when Steve tried to get the damn thing open.  Steve bent over as best he could in the cramped space and started trying to pick up the small, precious pills where they sat in the grooves of the tile.
Steve thought privately that the particular moment they all agreed on had some kind of talismanic magic for each of them. Something that none of them wanted to speak out loud.
the elevator chimed, like it was providing some kind of audio track to his hysterical mental wanderings.
“Please,” Tony whispered brokenly, eyes blinking rapidly as he opened and closed his mouth.  Steve could feel Tony’s body stiffen under his hands, the muscles tensing all at once, like he was girding himself for a blow.  “Please.  Don’t.  I can’t—I want—just—don’t.  Please.  I can’t.”
“Bullshit,” Rhodes said.  “I know that, because they didn’t.  How many people had to know, or at least have some inkling?  No one talked.  Fear, reward, whatever their reason, they held their tongues, but
“Do you want some water?  Or food?  Ms. Potts said there will be dinner at the inn tonight, but there are confits, pickled vegetables, and some bread and cheese, if you want it. And some candied oranges,” Cam said, mumbling the last, as if it was a mere afterthought.  Steve watched him rummage around in one of the small chests near his feet, coming up with one of the potted confits and holding it out to Steve with a hopeful expression.  Steve shook his head and gritted his teeth. “Are you sure you are not unwell?” Cam asked for probably the fifth time.  “You do not look well,” Cam continued. “You barely even noticed all the people who came out to see us off. Nearly the whole city turned out! Even more than before. Ms. Potts said they would, because the King was leaving for so long, but I have never seen so many people all in one place.  It was amazing,” Cam beamed. “Did you hear them calling for you?”  Cam asked.
“U would probably spray your creepy robot stalker.  Or not, depending on the day,” Tony replied, tapping a finger at his lip.  “Dum-E could, you know, drop things.  Make him trip or something.   Like Home Alone, if Kevin MacAllister had all the strategic savvy of monkeys flinging poo.  Anyway, if you want scary automatons, we could just watch the Kardashians.  I could weaponize them.  The ‘bots, not the Kardashians. Though, come to think…”
“Oh, God,” Tony half laughed, half groaned, though his smile was clearly amused.  “I should not love your innocence as much as I do,” he said, reaching out his hand to stroke the side of Steve’s cheek, quick and light, though just that one touch was enough to send a flood of calming warmth down Steve’s spine to pool in his stomach. Tony’s hand settled on Steve’s chest again, making slow swirls in the line from the hollow of Steve’s throat down his breastbone. “Would you like that?” Tony asked, seeming to pause to consider the idea.  “Sparring, I mean?  I usually practice with Rhodey, but there is no reason you and I could not spend a few mornings in the gymnasium, if you wished it.  Though, fair warning, I have practiced with the finest knights since I was a boy.  Father’s insistence.  Not that I would hurt you, of course.  You have my word.”
“Yes—yes, I swear it,” Lady Bain managed while the man kneeling next to her choked off a sob.  “Thank you.  You are most merciful.”
“You’ll Bond with Captain Rogers,” Howard snapped, grabbing both of Tony’s shoulders and turning him roughly around to face him, waiting until Tony finally dragged his gaze up to look him in the eye to continue.  “You’ll do it, Tony, or so help me, your next option won’t give a shit about your sparkling personality, you understand me, boy?  You want to screw this up for me, wanna be spiteful and make your old man look like an ass who can’t even control his own Omega son, you can.  Sure.  I can’t stop you.  But, don’t do it because you think there is something that comes next that you’ll like better.  Grass isn’t greener, Tony.  I promise you, you fuck this up for me, you won’t like what comes next.  Either way, I win.  Remember that.  I win.”
“I knew I liked you,” Tony replied, then turned and practically floated the rest of the distance to his suite with Steve’s stuttering explanation to Barnes about the whole California thing ringing in his ears.  He made it to his bedroom and shut the door behind him. He walked the few steps to the bed and fell backwards on it, bouncing a little with the motion, his face scrunching up into a giggle.  God, he thought, scrubbing his hands over his face as he grinned up at the ceiling like a loon.
“Then, it appears the choice is yours,” Tony dipped his head at Steve.  “Training rules apply.  I would be…most distressed were our visitor to be harmed in any way,” he warned, giving Steve just the slightest quirk of his lips.
“If you say that in front of him, I can’t be responsible for his actions,” Tony chuckled, shifting out of Steve’s embrace.  “I should…”
Tony studied his reflection again, smoothing the lace that flared above the satin bodice so that it flattened to a vee in the center of his chest.  His dog tags swayed a bit at the movement where they hung just above the low point of the bodice.  He reached up and wrapped his hand around them, holding them tightly in his palm for a moment.  Sometimes, it almost seemed to him that if he held the tags hard enough and long enough, the raised lines of Steve’s name and serial number would imprint into his skin, marking him, so everyone would know who he belonged to and who belonged to him.
“Stone was the only one he ever seemed to spend any time on, though we all know how that ended.  This one has something of the look, true, though…softer, I think. More elegant, somehow.  Oh, not now, don’t look at me like I’ve lost my mind!” Zola laughed, waving a hand at Sitwell.  “Give me time.  Though, God only knows whether it will even matter.  Lord Stane commands me to keep him happy and pleasantly occupied, as if doing such a thing is a simple task.  I send him the finest I have, but I think one must be a trebuchet or some such to hold his interest for very long,” Zola said with a frustrated grimace.
“You were beautiful, Steve. Perfect. My perfect Omega. Perfect. God, Steve, I love you, I love you, I love you so much,” Tony murmured against the crown of Steve’s head. “You’re amazing. Amazing, beautiful, perfect,” Tony kept repeating, burying his mouth into Steve’s sweat-slicked hair, stroking the sides of his face and down his arms and back, like he couldn’t quite figure out where to touch and wanted to touch everywhere.
A cry echoed from Steve’s throat and he nearly fell forward, doubling over and planting a hand on the King’s shoulder for purchase.  The world got very small and all Steve could see or feel or think about was the way the King’s mouth felt, so hot and tight and good.  He felt the King’s mouth widen into a smile around him, and then he was swallowing Steve down again, so deep and hot and wet and Steve’s vision whited out, then went dark, and he was coming, hard, hips pumping in stuttering, jerking thrusts, his cock bouncing against the back of the King’s throat as he spilled himself down the King’s throat.
“Thanks, Pep,” Tony said, reaching up to squeeze her hand before he grabbed one of the workcloths and wiped his hands on it, pushing himself away from the workstation with as much ambivalence as he could muster. “How do I look?” he asked, gesturing up and down. “Like five million bucks?”
Steve moaned, low and gravelly, and Tony felt a fresh spurt of warmth coat his hand. Tony worked his fingers over Steve’s prostate, round and round, keeping up the pressure and constant motion, until he felt Steve’s body stiffen as his orgasm slammed through him Steve came with a shuddering breath, his whole body convulsing as streams of white stained the sheet while Tony kept up his rhythm.
As the months of the campaign stretched on, there had been little and less new to share from Steve’s end of things, or, more accurately, spare few parts of this that he wanted to share with Tony, and he knew his own replies had thinned considerably.   What was there to say? These are the people I’ve killed today, and I don’t know how many more until it will be enough. Enough for what, exactly, he wasn’t sure. Bucky called it hate. Revenge. It was certainly that, he could admit, but when he let himself think about it, Steve thought it might be something else, too. Something far more difficult to shirk or spend, no matter how many rings he collected from dead men.
at her--like this.  A reflection. Distorted a bit by the glass, washed out, but still beautiful.  Still Peggy.
.  What did that mean?  Did he expect Steve to be here waiting for him or be gone by now?  Steve had no idea.  Nervous excitement twisted through his stomach.  Either way, he realized he wanted to see Tony, at least to say goodbye if nothing else, he thought with a stab of.. .something a lot like disappointment hitting him square in the chest.
Okay, so, his Alpha was not unattractive.  He’d have to be blind not to notice.  Blind, living on another planet under a rock at the bottom of a frozen ocean of nitrogen.  So, basically, your standard unable to observe.  Looked like Steve had just come from one of those perfect jogs that somehow managed to leave him looking like he’d stepped out of some workout video, glowing with just the right sheen of sweat, hair slightly mussed by the wind, and wearing workout clothes that were doing the Lord’s work.
“Some.  Don’t think they’re going to do much this year, but they got a lot of talent there.  Maybe they’ll at least hand the Yankees a loss,” Steve said with a hopeful note in his voice.
“See, the thing is,” Tony cut in.  “Even if I wanted to give you the plans, Howard would never, in a million years, give me the code to his private safe, and the paranoid bastard rigged it with all kinds of countermeasures,” Tony said, nodding at the wall.  Steve turned to look towards the wall where a portrait of an English hunting scene hid Howard’s safe. Peggy had said something along the same lines. “He was a bit worried about people taking his stuff. Can’t
“I was seven.  Cut me some slack,” Tony said with a light eye roll and shake of his head, tearing his eyes away from Steve’s, feeling his cheeks warm.
It wasn’t that he missed the War, of course. Those years had been terrible in so many ways.  But, he missed his team, especially in those years right after.  He missed feeling a part of something.  He missed...well, he missed a lot of things, but, there wasn’t room in this world for...for things like that to last. Not even...
Tony glanced up at him from under his lashes and hummed noncommittally. He released Steve’s cock with a regretful sigh, but his hand traveled lower, cupping Steve’s balls again, making Steve hiss with a tight, painful pleasure at the motion.  His fingers skated lower, across that delicate band of skin, finding the small nub there and grinding down. Steve’s back arched into the burst of pleasure that exploded deep inside him.  White stars danced behind his eyelids.
“I—wha—what?” Steve stammered as his hands juddered against the easel for no reason and one knee knocked into the small table next to him with his can of brushes and jars of paints, as if Kirk’s words were some kind of reflex test his body wanted to make sure he passed.   “You—I—we.”
The rest of the dinner was just as easy, Tony thought as they exited the restaurant into the idling car.  He felt like he needed Steve to take him on some kind of Brooklyn backalley tour when they made it to New York, after listening to far too many stories that started with something along the lines of, ‘I was getting beat up in this alley when Bucky showed up,’ but all in all, Tony thought it was a good evening. Steve was smart and funny and seemed to enjoy listening to Tony talk, so basically amounted to the real-life equivalent of finding a mermaid riding a unicorn watching a good Adam Sandler movie, as far as Tony was concerned.
“See? He’s fine, I told you,” Ty said brightly.  He sounded happy.  Pleased. That was good. Tony was doing good.  Maybe they could go home soon.  “Hey, listen, I’m sorry about earlier, okay? And then leaving you all alone tonight?  Not cool of me, I know.  I was all focused on myself and celebrating.  I didn’t mean to leave you out.”
He wasn’t a good person.  Not good enough to do that, anyway.   He wasn’t sure he even knew what it meant to be a good person anymore, not here, not now, when everything he did or said seemed to be wrong, and God, there was so much scrutiny, all the time, everyone watching, waiting, something edging at the corners of their minds telling them to watch out.  Stay away. Something’s
Steve wasn’t sure how long he floated there, his vision dark and blank as he tried to focus on the ceiling, tried to find some thread of control. “Tony…you…I…that…” Steve stuttered, thoughts jumbled around overwhelming feelings still coursing through his body in gasping shudders.
“Everyone please ignore Stark for the remainder of the meeting,” Fury instructed. Tony shot him an annoyed look, because, really, Tony was making the most important points.  Mostly that this was Steve, and he was Tony’s Omega, and they were bonded, and what was the point of this meeting if not that?  He was sure he’d sent the agenda to everyone while he and Steve were waiting down in the isolation room.  Did no one check their email anymore?
“No, I mean, he’ll be, like, ridiculously wonderful and do everything for me and get me my favorite foods–not just like soup and stuff, but pastas and cakes and the sushi from Monkfish, not that place on campus–and put all my favorite shows on queue where it skips the episodes I hate and bring me hot water bottles for my feet and stuff,” Tony replied, slumping down in his seat and rubbing his sleeve across his nose with a loud sniff.
“Stay,” Steve said.  “You’re—you should stay.  We have plenty.  Jane’s gonna follow you out if you try to leave without talking to her about her equipment, so.  Stay.  If you want.  James and Sam are only on year two, from the sound of it, so you might as well.”
Apparently, Steve was up to Chapter Three in Care and Feeding of Your Omega, ‘What to Do After You’ve Boiled Literally Everything.’  Which was…nice.  That Steve had even given any thought to it, once he’d realized that Tony was more mirror-verse Julia Child that actually useful in the kitchen like your average Omega.  Tony could admit he hadn’t exactly missed the Fahrenheit 451 brand of cuisine Steve favored, but it was the realization that Steve had not only noticed, but also done something about it--even if it was to tell his favorite errand boy to handle it--that left Tony at a rare, if momentary, loss for words.
Their armor was beautifully wrought.  Metal plate, shaped, tempered and hardened for maximum protection. Curved surfaces that would send most blows glancing off.  Vulnerable just below the curve of the arm, the back of the thigh, the groin, though.  Get them on the ground and a dagger would be enough.   They have not seen war, these men, Steve thought to himself.  They are gallant knights, protecting their King, and what they know of war is read from pages in a centuries-old book that speaks of glory and heroes and does not tell them those things can never truly be found on a battlefield. They come later, in peace, when the war is a memory and you can lie to yourself and your children so that they might one day make war, too.
All the king’s horses and all the king’s men, Tony thought.  They just keep putting Steve back together again.  I do.  I do that, now.  He’s mine.  You can’t have him.  He wasn’t sure who he meant or who he was talking to.  Maybe himself, but he was sure he meant it.
“In time for dinner then,” Tony said with a slight nod as he frowned at the pouch of electrolyte fluid Natasha shoved in his hand.   “Okay, now you’re just doing that on purpose,” he accused with a hiss when she pressed a clean bandage over his wound.  “Friday, have, let’s say…two of everything on Gianetti’s menu waiting when we get there.  A triple order of the manicotti and that goat cheese ravioli.  And whatever their dessert special is. Better make it four of those,” Tony said.  “What?  He’s got a sweet tooth.  Just guilts you into not eating the dessert so he can have it.  Hand to God, I saw him creating a flowchart of strategies to convince Clint not to eat the last of the birthday cake, and number one was ‘Fake food poisoning.’  He doesn’t’ mess around, I’ll give him that.”
--by his pseudo-Uncle to steal the piece of tech embedded in his chest that keeps him alive, then saved by his stripper husband, his best friend and a one-armed man, I have to say, this,” Tony said, pointing at Fury and the two other interlopers, “is really weirding me out. Spill, One-Eyed Willie. What’s up with you and the Spy Kids there?”
“Look, I chased this guy down with you once. This what you want? I'll do it as many times as it takes. You know that. Though, if he gives you any grief, I'm'a gonna beat him with his own mop, you hear? Now, think of the make-up sex—don't tell me about it, I'm saying
“Yeah,” Steve replied, impatience or annoyance or something Tony couldn't name making his voice thin.
“I don’t know why you think we don’t have anything to say to each other,” Tony said sarcastically to Steve, then leaned his elbow against the darkened car window and chewed on his lower lip.
“A good man.  A cruel man. Kings can be both,” Kadina answered, waving a hand through the air and sending a spray of water arcing in front of her.  “I served him a few times,” she shrugged.  “He fucked like a king.  So proud of himself when I filled his ears with screams of pleasure,” she harrumphed.
letters.  More important than Steve, at least for now. Steve was just...not even worth a glance, and that was somehow awful and wonderful, this absence, this lack of being present, like he wasn’t even here anymore, wasn’t even real.  He hated it. Chafed against it. This dismissal. It was humiliating. It curdled low in his stomach, burning hot, twisting his insides. It was like he wasn’t even there. What had Tony said? That it was of no matter to him whether Steve came or not.  Steve was just here, going through the motions, and it didn’t even register to Tony.
“A VHS.  Little use to you now. I took the liberty of having the film digitized for you,” T’Challa told him, pulling a small flash drive from the pocket of his vest and holding it out to Steve.  For a second, Steve didn’t want to take it.  He did, of course, mumbling his thanks, or he thought he had.  “We have technicians who can restore it properly, and a media vault where the original can be preserved.  If you like.”
“Classic insecurity coupled with a need to overcompensate through what is basically emotional bribery.  Probably wasn’t hugged enough as a child or something,” Tony told him.
“They took you from me.  They took you, and I couldn’t find you,” Steve husked out.  The hand on Tony’s neck flexed, not hard, not really, but hard enough Tony could feel the power there.  He leaned into it, feeling Steve’s thumb rub soothingly against the pulse point there.  “Three months.  Three months.  I couldn’t eat.  I couldn’t sleep.  All I could think about was if you were hurt.  Or scared.  Or—“ he stopped, looked away.  One hand dropped to his leg, rubbing at the top of his thigh.  Tony covered Steve’s hand with his own, stilling the motion, then locking his fingers between Steve’s.
Based on a Twitter post, Tony is sheltering in place at Rhodey's during the Coronavirus outbreak and spots a super hot guy workong out on a rooftop in Brooklyn. He builds a drone to meet him the social-distancing way.
“You ran him off,” Michael accused Whitney, though there was laughter behind it.  Tony thought that was aimed at him.
“Steve, it’s okay. It’s going to be okay.  I’m right here. Stay with me, okay? Just stay with me. I know this is a lot. Try to stay calm. Can you do that?” Tony asked carefully.
“Ah,” Steve started, shifting uncomfortably in his seat.  He looked around the room and bit his lip, then back at Tony.  “I’m absolutely certain Superman would kick Cap’s ass,” Steve responded, then coughed into his fist to cover his laughter.
“It’s just a suit,” Steve said, stepping past the man and into the apartment.  He stopped and turned to look at Tony, who took off his sunglasses and pocketed them while Barnes stared.  “Guess you heard.”
“I suggested several, but the King had the final choice, as it should be,” Cam informed him.  “Which one did you pick?”
“Yeah.  Yeah, I do,” Steve replied.  “But, Tony, it doesn’t have to be SHIELD.  If you don’t want me to work with them, I’ll find another way.  Something we can agree on.”
“You are not going mad,” Tony insisted, the words hissing through his teeth with a startling vehemence.
“You called Steve,” Tony reminded him.  “There was yelling.  I heard. Like a reasonable person, I called Coulson.  He was very helpful.”
, and they would thank you for it if they ever met you. That’s the beauty of it, though. They have no idea who you are, and you don’t know who they are. All you see of them is, well. What you need to see. They’re just there to… be what you need. Something to use. For a little while. Then everyone goes their merry way.”
“Oh, don’t worry about that.  Stark would just have them printed up and sent out as Christmas cards.  Unless, of course, it involved you.  Which just illustrates exactly what I mean,” she said.
“I—yes!  Yes, it is, Your Highness.  I couldn’t possibly, though, Your Highness, I—” Peran spluttered, clearly at a loss.
Steve twisted around and slammed his elbow into Tyber’s mouth, then grabbed the spear and shoved it backwards into the stomach of one of the other men.  Everything seemed to happen at once, at least to Anto’s eyes. Tyber grabbed at his mouth, where blood gushed like a stream and stumbled backwards in shock.  Steve punched him in the nose. There was a sickening cracking sound, then he followed it up with a kick to Tyber’s gut, sending him into the dirt, where he groaned once, then seemed to crumble and sag, going still.
Of course, nothing happened.  The thing was long-since broken from damage or age or some combination of both.  Still, he thought, holding the weight of it in his hands.  What must that have been like?  Some pimply-faced radio operator sitting back in some bunker in London switches on his receiver and hears Captain America talking back to him, and is suddenly relaying vital information to the front,  stopping the bad guys, helping a hero, drawn into becoming a part of some grand adventure.  Frodo with his ring of dials, wires and frequencies.
“That was always my stuff?” Tony parroted incredulously, halting his pacing long enough to throw his hands in the air and let them slap against his sides. “That's it? That was my stuff?”
"Have to admit, I'll kind of miss it in a weird way," Tony replied with a slight shrug, his mouth twisting a bit ruefully as he glanced over at the strange being he was actually considering sharing a spaceship with.
“You think you have a running commentary of thoughts about me?” Steve asked. “I guarantee you it is nothing on how often I find myself in awe over brilliant, how amazing, how incredibly brave you are to do what you do, with no serum, no powers, just you.  And you…that you would…you would want me, even like this?  That you would not only understand what I have to do, but would be there beside me?” Steve said, and Tony could hear the genuine amazement in his voice.  “You think you have nothing to give?  How can you...you have no idea.  You...I can hardly breathe when I look at you, I’m so afraid you’re going to wake up from the hormones and realize you don’t want this.  I still think you might, no matter what you say,” Steve admitted, looking down at the floor.  “Maybe I’m just selfish enough to let myself believe you though.”
“Only you.  This kind of thing could only happen to you.  Well, you and Barnes,” Tony amended.   “Did you write me?  About that, I mean?”
They stayed that way for some time. Steve thought Tony dozed.  His own nerves thrummed with too much newfound energy to allow him to rest, but it was pleasant, having Tony in his arms like this, finally, after all this time.
On the screen, Steve could barely make out Tony’s knees and head between Peggy and Jarvis on the sofa, but he could see one of Tony’s legs bouncing nervously, like the pent-up energy was slowly working its way up.  For just a moment, his hand ached to reach out and cap itself over Tony’s knee, stilling him, and Tony would look over at him in surprise, then grin, not really apologetically, not exactly.  He’d make the bed move with the motion, just enough to mess up Steve’s sketches, and it drove Steve nuts, but he missed it now.  He missed having something that drove him nuts that he didn’t mind one bit, contradictory as that seemed.
“It isn’t me asking it of you,” Bucky pointed out. “But, I think you know that. And I think he’s the only one you’ll actually answer to anyway.”
“Well.  Yes, that,” Steve said, then softened, giving Tony a small smile.  “I am glad to see you, though.  It didn’t feel right.  You not being here.  I know—I know you have much to do.  Your duties, your work.  Your own wedding, of course, and—“
“You’re drunk,” Steve observed evenly, but his hands were fisted at his sides.  He was very astute like—
“That’s…okay, well, you’re not wrong.  Obviously.  So, what now, Cap?” Tony asked.  What am I supposed to do with you, he repeated to himself.  Tell me what I’m supposed to do, how we’re going to deal with this, or how we’re going to ignore it, but please, God, tell me something because I’m going crazy, and it’s all messed up in my head, because you needed me and you liked me, and it was all right there and then it wasn’t, and I want you to be you, of course I do, but it was simple, so damn simple, and I’m afraid it might be too simple to let it happen now.  Maybe it already has.
of this is hard to believe sometimes. I keep catching myself thinking, is this real, you know? I know it is, but…I just never thought I’d get to have this.  To have a—a you.”
“Don’t—forget it, I—“ Tony started, then couldn’t think of what he was.  Horrified came to mind.  Worthless was right up there, too.  “I don’t know what I was thinking.  I wasn’t thinking.  Sorry.  I’m sorry.  I’ll just…I’m going to go.  I have—in the garage.  I have.  To go.”
“Whoa, ah.  Wow, okay, well,” the voice chuckled, low and warm, and surprisingly clear, though he couldn’t think of any of their neighbors who sounded remotely like that.  Young, he thought.  Not a kid like him though, but not old like his dad kind of old.  “I’m currently in…let’s say a barn.  I’m using a Gatlin handie-talkie.  Neat thing the boys back home thought up.  Can’t believe they got a wireless I can carry around.   My buddy says I’m probably going to poke someone’s eye out with the antenna, but even he has to admit it’s pretty swell.  Don’t know about a…what did you call it? Amplifier?  The range is pretty limited, depending on the terrain we’re in, but it’s mostly, ah…fields out here.  Oh, and I’m Steve, by the way.  Nice to hear a friendly voice, Tony.”
And I needed something.  Anything. I wanted to feel, and I did. For a while.  For a while, even the things she made me feel were better than the sheer absence of it.  Until they weren’t, and I looked at what my life had become and realized that was not what I wanted.  Er, not coincidentally, this happened right around the time I discovered she had stolen my seal and was using it to authorize all kinds of contracts for her father’s company,” Tony finished with a rueful grimace.  “Young. Stupid. See?”
Comments and kudos are much appreciated.  You can find me on tumblr as sabrecmc if you want to chat.  Thank you for reading!
He smiled again then and stretched up to capture Tony’s mouth in a searing kiss, his tongue pushing past the seam of Tony’s lips and delving deep before he pulled back and looked down at where Tony lay beneath him.  He sat back and regarded Tony for a long moment, then reached his hands behind his neck and undid the necklace that hung there.  Tony had noticed it last night.  Steve seemed to wear it all the time, even when he wore nothing else.  A pair of sharp teeth—cave lion, Tony’s mind supplied—carved with some kind of rudimentary sigil dangled from the simple, leather thong.
“Yes?” Tony asked, teasing and still a little honeyed with sleep, taking his mouth off of Steve’s nipple with a wet, sucking pop.   “Something to say?”
“I never--” Tony stopped, flattened his mouth together and swallowed hard. He wiped a hand over his mouth, then seemed to find whatever he needed to say what he seemed to think he had to say. “I never meant for it to go as far as it did. It was just supposed to be that one time.”
“Dude, calm down, I’m not saying it was,” Dominic cajoled.  “Look, maybe we just, like, I don’t know, leave him here or something.  Someone will find him, right?  This place’ll be hopping with people first thing Monday morning. They’ll find him, call the cops, whatever.   No one has to know it was us.”
“Why don’t you tell me why you’re so interested in my godson’s whereabouts,” Peggy suggested evenly. “He’s at school, I told you.  I asked Obie, but he said Tony hates these things. Always has. Refuses to come. Especially now, when his mother isn’t…” she trailed off.  Steve could picture her biting her lip, the way she used to when she wanted to take back whatever words had slipped out.
“Well, shit,” Bucky interrupted, his gaze ping-ponging between Steve and Tony. “Sorry, sorry, my bad, Jesus, Steve.  You could lead with, hey, I’m fine, my shitty ex is unconscious, and this is my friend, Tony Stark.  Nice to meet you.  I didn’t know you two knew each other. Wait.  How the hell do you know Tony Stark?”
“Yes, okay, fine, they happen to be one of the few putting something on the market.  A few.  A very few.  Not the high-end ones for the Army, but still fairly advanced compared to what’s out there.  Pricey, though.  Some surfer who lost a leg below the knee in a car accident has one.  This executive who was injured mountain climbing.  Not many.  I see quite a few GoFundMe’s for people trying to raise enough money for one. These things are way too experimental and expensive for insurance to cover,” Pepper said, then bit her lip and glanced out the window for a moment, watching the cars slide by as they drove.
“When I was a soldier, I saw a slave after he tried to escape,” Tahir said from across the pool as Steve slid his feet into the sandals.  Steve turned and looked at big man, watching the streaks of light from the water’s surface cast eerie stripes in waves across his face.  “They brought him back.  Made us all watch.  So that we would know.  Now, I know. I do not wish to see such a thing again.”
something,” Tony urged, his voice low and rough.  He was looking up at Steve with wide, dark eyes, his fingers digging almost painfully into Steve’s hands. “I don’t know what these stones are, but I know there is power here.  You feel it, too, I know you do. I think a promise made here, it isn’t something that can be broken lightly. Not without consequence. Do you understand what I’m saying to you?”
“Though…I wouldn’t completely rule out the other,” Peggy added in a conspiratorial whisper with an exaggerated wink before turning on her heel while the man behind the camera—Daniel, her husband, Steve drew up from a dust-caked memory he didn’t look at very often—chuckled and hefted the camera a bit, somewhat clumsily.  His leg, Steve remembered.  He would be trying to hold the camera and balance without use of his cane.  That was why all the shakiness.
How had he forgotten how good it was just to talk to Bucky about nothing?  Had it really been two months, like Bucky said, Steve wondered, thinking back.  He supposed so.  That might be the longest stretch he had gone without talking to Bucky since the first day of kindergarten when Michael Donaghue broke Steve’s pencil, and Bucky threw little Mikey’s lunch on the ground.  Good times.
“Love you, too,” Tony rasped out.  “I know, it’s been—well, I’ve been.  Me, I know, I’ve been distracted, and—I just.  I needed this.  I needed us.  To just be us for a while.  And we’re more--more
“Part of our outreach program,” Estes announced proudly.  “In partnership with Walter Reed and a few other places.  We get to test things, get some real-world feedback, and, of course, what we are able to provide far exceeds Army standard issue,” Estes said as they walked down the hallway past pictures of, good Lord, it was actually just pictures of the building itself.  Tony sighed.  Steve would have been truly offended by the taste level here, Tony thought, then felt himself smiling.
be a good influence, at least,” Steve amended, recalling his short brushes with the people attending Court. He had to admit, his own impression of Court was not exactly favorable.
Tony frowned, but tightened the knot into place, then patted his pockets for his phone, which was shoved none too gently into the center of his chest by a well-manicured hand.  Tony put the phone into his pocket, then shook his wrist where his watch hung loosely, reaching his other hand over to tighten the band.  His fingers skated over the clasp, fiddling for a moment with the small catch before it caught.
“Thanks.  Hey, we’re in the Rolls, so,” Tony told her, gaze darting over to Steve for a flash of a second.
Tony watched his father’s back as he walked away to join the other men celebrating in the billiards room, then turned and walked slowly up the staircase towards his room.  He stopped on the landing when another round of laughter echoed out into the mansion’s foyer.  He hated them.  Hating Howard was easy enough.  He’d learned how to do that at his father’s knee, after all.  He hated all of them, though, with their cigars and brandy and stupid jokes, with their lingering gazes and averted eyes, because let’s have some fucking decorum here while we’re doing this, by God.
“I want,” Tony replied firmly.  He held out an arm in front of him with a wide sweep of his hand.  “After you.”
?” Tony demanded, throwing his hands into the air and walking off for a moment, before spinning around to face them.  “This is Bruce’s area, not mine, but I can’t just sit back and trust the words of some holy man who warned you--warned you, Steve--that Schmidt drank something similar and then gave it to you nonetheless.  Even here, I heard stories of Schmidt’s descent into madness, and you just...” he trailed off, holding out his hands in a helpless gesture.
“Not sure they exactly have the best opinions of lawyers. No offense,” Steve said apologetically. “Just haven’t had the best experiences with the legal system.”
“Oh,” Steve replied, having nothing really to say to that.  Of course, this wouldn’t be a big deal to Tony.  “Well, thank you anyway.”
“Well, I’m pretty sure the last time I saw him, he was pulling me out from under a Hum-drum-vee,” Rhodey replied quietly, staring at the closed bedroom door with a deep frown.
“You’re incorrigible,” Steve told him.  He reached out and stroked his thumb across Tony’s cheek.  “Incredible.” Tony opened his mouth as if to say something, then closed it, blinking up at Steve instead with eyes suddenly awash with something a lot different than the humor and innuendo that had been there a moment ago.
“That’s Mr. Interloper,” Sam called out from the hallway, where he was leaning against the stair railing, holding a beer and what Tony liked to think of as the sad remnants of his completely unrequited crush.  “And I brought Funyuns, which everyone knows are Bro Code for Sorry For Trying to Mack On Your Guy Who Has Been Single For Ten Years, and a twelve pack of Dew, so don’t even start.”
“I hate Brooklyn,” Tony said in a flat monotone, though it wasn’t true, or it wasn’t truth, at least.  He never came here.  Not because he’d ever really sought to avoid Steve, or not exactly.  More, he’d been avoiding facing a might-have-been that had never really been a future, only he hadn’t known it when he’d been planning on revolutionizing technology from Flatbush, while Steve saved the world or some fucked-up version of it and came home to Tony, with stories and scars and dreams of never leaving again.
“That is not the only reason,” Steve said, nudging Tony’s hand with the tips of his fingers. It was strange, perhaps, to be happy out here, heading towards something he wasn’t sure he wanted to revisit, but he was.  He had been, for awhile now, he let himself admit.  It had been almost too gradual to notice, the way the waves hollow out the hills so slowly one lifetime can barely witness it.  He didn’t know why it was so hard to acknowledge it, to allow himself to have it, except that seeing Tony happy made it easier somehow.  He smiled widely up at Tony, the dissipating pain making him feel almost euphoric.  Well, that and probably whatever it was Bruce had mixed up for him.
“I’d kind of like that.  See your old stomping grounds,” Tony said, dragging his gaze back to Steve’s face.  “Thank you.  For, you know.  The wall thing.  And just for, well, everything. Tonight.  It was nice.  I had a nice time.   Other than the thing.  But, I don’t know.  I still had a nice time.  Even with the thing, or because of it—not because of it, but…the after, I guess.  With you, and…what you said.  It was nice.”
I will not be a dick, I will not be a dick, I will not be a dick, Tony mentally chanted, eyeing Barnes where he stood in the doorway opposite Steve.
Rhodes’ words about the change he wrought on Tony, the influence he could continue to have, filtered through Steve’s mind as they rode up. Always, in his head, what could be warred with what was.  He had made his decision, he told himself, looking over at Tony. But, it was not an easy one.
“Steve,” Tony whispered through his teeth.  He tugged once more, hard enough for Steve to look up at him, and whatever he saw there must have been enough reassurance for him because he sank back to his seat.  Cameras whirred and clicked, but the room had fallen largely silent, except for the occasional shuffle of someone as they sat down in their seats, ready to see what they could pounce on this time.
The second story in the 'verse, Shattered, is Tony watching the events of TWS and freaking out about it, so this is basically a bridge between those two stories.
Tony clucked his tongue approvingly, then grinned at Steve, wagging his eyebrows up and down.  “This is something I know well,” he agreed, and tossed the sponge at Steve’s face.  Steve caught it one-handed, and glared at Tony, who held his hands up in submission and backed away, sending water cascading over the sides of the tub.  “Your King?  You would not dare,” Tony challenged, then laughed as Steve pushed himself up off the tub’s ledge and moved across the tub in one, quick stride, brushing his chest against Tony’s and pinning him against the back of the tub, an arm braced on either side.  “Okay, fine,
Tony ignored Steve’s cock, and instead, took Steve’s balls in his hands and hefted them, rolling them around and squeezing lightly.  Steve’s hips jerked, and he closed his eyes, biting his lip to hold in a groan.  He heard Tony give a low chuckle, and then felt deft fingers dipping down his crease, pressing and rubbing at the small, smooth patch skin just behind his balls, then digging his knuckle in hard enough to jolt a sharp cry out of Steve.
Steve reached out a hand and clapped Tony on the back, wrapping it around his shoulder and shaking him in sort of congratulatory way that made something warm and wonderful bloom in Tony’s chest.   For a second, it was like he could do anything, anything at all.  The whole world was wide open and waiting, and he could reach out and touch it, if he wanted.  This was what approval felt like, he thought with a distant sort of recognition.   Happiness and possibility, all balled up together into a moment of everything being right at his fingertips.
“Eh, I’m out if Tony’s playing,” Bruce piped up.  “What?” he asked at Tony’s affronted look.  “You count cards, and loser has to take Thor grocery shopping, so yeah, no.  After the toaster strudel debacle?  Clean up in Aisle All of Them?”
Steve’s fingers found his hole again, circling gently, then pressing harder at the rim.  Tony was sure he was going to pass out if Steve didn’t fuck him or touch him or
It was strange, Steve thought hazily, because the words seemed plucked from his own mind and echoed back to him.  It was Tony who was more than any man had a right to be.  It was Tony who occupied so much of the world, who pushed everything away and held it at bay for Steve, Tony who took all the air out of the room until Steve was lightheaded with it, dizzy and thin-minded, and floating.
“That doctor guy seemed to think there was a good chance this microsurgery procedure he does could help my hand,” Steve said, holding his hand out in front of him and flexing it into a fist.  It didn’t quite close properly, Tony could see, and shook, ever so slightly, with the effort.  “There’s even a grant for veterans that would cover the cost of the surgery, which is great, because I’m out of tries at the VA.  Doc seemed pretty sure there was a good chance I’d qualify if I applied, so that’s…Tony!” Steve shouted, back straightening as he turned to face Tony with an exasperated frown.
“Yeah, no.  Not happening.  You don’t believe me right now, and that’s fine.  I’m a very patient man,” Tony continued.  Steve huffed out a rough snort and shot Tony a sharp-eyed look.  “I can be a very patient man.  When the right incentive is presented.  Remember that epic game of Risk we played for like four days straight when the whole city got shut down for that snow storm?”
Bucky would probably say he was being a ninny, but Bucky was asleep in his bed and not here, not on the road in the darkness with the stranger and his fine coat and tall boots, which, Steve noticed, didn’t seem to have any muck on them, though he, himself, was covered in dirt from his headlong run into the night.
“I am not shacking up with you and sugar daddy here.  No way, Steve.  Forget it. Not happening,” Barnes replied.  “Absolutely not going to happen. No,” Barnes ground out, looking over at Steve, then somewhat helplessly at Tony.
“A King must look the part,” Tony said, then dropped the coronet on the bed without seeming to much care.
It still didn’t seem possible, but he’d slowly watched the evidence build until he couldn’t ignore it any longer, which was why he’d gone to Rhodey and Matt in the first place.  The insane scheme he and Rhodey cooked up brought them to Vegas, dangling the new arc reactor tech Obie wanted so very badly in front of Batroc like a worm on a hook.
“Exactly, thank you,” Tony rushed on, earning an eye roll.  “Look, the problem now is that he doesn’t remember that he like-liked me—hey! Don’t make the face, that is a legitimate colloquialism—and he’s all confused about his sexuality, which, by the way, is
He wondered what would happen if he put it on.  Put it on, then walked out to the kitchen to get a glass of warm milk or whatever crappy excuse for Look At Me he could come up with.  Reaching up, he fingered the dog tags that hung in the center of his chest and looked at himself in the mirror.  Probably nothing would happen except then he could tell Steve they needed milk because Tony had forgotten to put it on the grocery list Happy dutifully purchased in the weeks Steve had been gone.  So, a win for calcium, but something of an anti-climatic shirt experiment, Tony thought, sharking his head and giving his reflection an annoyed eye roll.
Steve’s lips brushed against his, light and soft, a warm sigh of air filling Tony’s mouth, his hand curving around Tony’s neck, thumb stroking lightly up and down in such a familiar motion that Tony’s heart faltered, his breath sticking fast in his throat.  Steve’s mouth pressing firmly against Tony’s just long enough for Tony’s mind to quit treating the idea as a decision tree and catch up, feel the promise of wet and heat and deeper, and then Steve was pulling back, stepping away and looking for all the world as abashed as Tony felt.   It was sweet, almost chaste, and over too quickly, but full of promise, and the best kiss Tony had ever had.
“That it isn’t real. That you can’t have one without the other. You can’t separate the parts you don’t like from the ones you do. It doesn’t work like that, they’re not...they’re not
Honestly, he should be far more hurt than he was.  One gash.  Not even that deep, according to Bruce, though the fucker stung like holy hell.  A few scrapes and bruises.  That…that didn’t seem quite right, he thought with a flicker of disquiet snaking through him.  He wasn’t even in that much pain, all things considered, though he supposed that could still be the morphine.  Finally managed to get Steve’s hands on his ass and it was to inject him with morphine, which he could use as an excuse for any actual feelings he might have revealed.  That was somehow incredibly fitting, Tony thought dully.
“Huh?” Stark said with a frown when Steve didn’t elaborate. “Oh. Right. Ah, let me just…” he trailed off, glancing quickly over his shoulder and back inside the penthouse. “Actually,” Stark paused. “This could be good. The hotel has some stores we can hit up. Very Pretty Woman-ish.”
“You going to beat up everyone who says something mean about him?” Natasha asked, one perfect eyebrow quirking up.  At least she wasn’t pretending not to know.
“No, no, it’s late.  I shouldn’t have called.  It’s fine.  I’ll call you tomorrow, okay?” Steve said.
like he could float away if he kept thinking about it.  It was...something. A step. It felt like a step.  A small one, but,
“She was quite the lady,” Coulson observed, glancing over his shoulder and following Steve’s gaze as they slowed to wait for the next lift.  “I always wanted to meet her, but never had the privilege.  You know, if you wanted, I could arrange for you to vi--”
“You know, you’re the first person to ask that,” Steve replied in heavy, weary tone.  He lifted his eyes to Tony, and there was such a deep, fathomless sadness there, like an old wound that never got the chance to heal and kept oozing loneliness and guilt.  “When I first woke up, and everyone was trying to, I don’t know.  Figure me out or something.  Help, I guess. It was so loud.  So…much.  So much. All at once.  I couldn’t…it was just so much,” he finished, with a quick shake of his head, snapping his eyes back to Tony’s.  “Then there was you.  You and your…machines and…how you talk.  How you talk to me.  How you—you make it….I wanted to tell you, Tony.  So many times.”
Steve shook his head.  “For the children,” he said, nodding at the lean faces and wide eyes who watched him pass by with such solemnity and awe.
“It was good to meet the other concubines, yes?” Cam continued without catching Steve’s change of mood.  He was bubbling with an excitement that had been muted since they returned from the bath and now seemed to fill him near to bursting.  “See how happy they are here?  And none of them have the King’s favor, as you do.  Nyma is right.  You should not listen to that Kadina.  She is just jealous of you.  The King will not lose interest.  He is not like that, I do not think.  He will keep you with him always, you will see.”
And let’s not forget, he’d also sold his body to a stranger with his boyfriend’s blessing.  Not blessing.  Encouragement.  So.  There was that.
They lay like that for long minutes, until Steve could feel their clammy bodies starting to congeal.  He heard Tony let out a long sigh, then he gamely rolled off of Steve, climbed out of the bed and padded over to what Steve assumed was the bathroom.  The sound of running water seemed to confirm that, and sure enough, Tony returned with a towel around his waist and a warm, damp towel in his hand that he used to wipe Steve down.
Tony lifted his head from Steve’s shoulder, where he’d had it buried in the crook of Steve’s neck while they slept, and slowly pushed himself up onto his elbows to look down at his mate, feeling the familiar swoop and pull in his stomach when he looked at Steve. Maybe it was hormones, years of evolution coming to the fore, Bruce would probably be able to tell him, and God knew he’d been bugging Bruce for the past few months with questions in preparation for this, because it was going to be perfect, dammit.
“I reiterate that this whole situation could’ve been avoided by a lap dance,” Tony replied, tossing his hands in the air to punctuate his words.
“We’re quite the pair, aren’t we?” Tony said, though it didn’t sound like a complaint.  He actually crossed his legs underneath him and tossed the line a little further beyond where Steve’s bobbed in the water, then settled back and waited.
“Yeah, but that’s not…” Steve began, breaking off as he looked up at Tony.  Steve’s eyes tracked one of the rivulets over surprisingly wiry muscle, whorls of dark hair, past the divot in his chest and lower, until it met the top of the water and disappeared just above where the red speedo curved around Tony’s waist.
But, Tony shouldn’t--he shouldn’t think that way about himself, not when it was so clear to Steve and probably everyone else how amazing Tony was.  He needed to be with someone who made him feel...well, special. Because he was.  Steve wondered if he had made Tony feel that way even once tonight. Probably not.  He wasn’t particularly suave, he knew that.  He was good in the field, giving orders, making plans, that kind of thing, but put him in a bar and he suddenly had a tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth and two left feet. He never seemed to know what to say or do, unlike Tony, who seemed to know exactly how to make Steve feel like he was...worth something.
wasn’t real crept over him.  He was still in a dream or floating in a frozen sea, or curled in on himself inside a box with thirst clawing at him while Rumlow shouted curses at him.  He shook his head, trying to clear it and gripped the window’s edge so hard, he thought he could feel the stone cracking underneath his hands.  In his mind, he could see the crack racing from the stone up his arms, splitting him apart and letting him crumble to pieces of himself.
Actually, he was rather starving, as his belly attested when it let out a loud protest, and the food looked delicious. A shank of meat, which he almost never got, cabbage, carrots, and onions, and crust of bread, all in a thick, brown gravy, and some kind of tart for dessert with a dollop of cream on the top.
.  Someone like him, he could never have this, not really, not forever.  Hadn’t he known that?  Steve, his garage, the cabin, the work, none of it seemed real, because maybe it wasn’t. That was the unspoken question shifting the sands under his feet whenever he tried to find balance.
“Only if you are,” Tony assured him. Steve stared at him for a moment, then nodded, blush growing more furious, but he kept his gaze fixed on Tony.
Whatever Brock said, until now at least, it wasn’t as bad as the things he sometimes told himself, and so it had felt better than it had any right to feel, at least until someone showed him that there was a version of the world where it didn’t need to feel like that at all.  Maybe without that, without
“He’s kidding,” Rhodey said, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder when Tony started to follow Barnes, spatula still in hand.  Tony shot a disgruntled look at Barnes’ back, but stayed in front of the grill.  He watched Steve appear in his own doorway as Barnes approached, then look up to find Tony with a quick smile of greeting before going back to handing another six pack to Barnes and pointing at the grouping of friends and neighbors trying to adversely possess the fourth floor.
“I heard that,” Steve chimed in, turning his head enough to smile fondly at Tony.  “Those fish are dinner one day.”
“Eh, let’s face it, trying to kill your brainwashed best friend was a dick move,” Tony cut in.  Steve huffed out a surprised laugh, then shook his head, a small smile starting to form.  “I am, you know.  Sorry about that.  More than I can say.”
Bucky opened his mouth to respond, then closed it, lips twisting. He looked away, blinking, then back at Tony.  “I’m not—I’m not the kind of guy you name foundations after, Stark. Trust me. You don’t even know me.”
“That’s…an incredible level of commitment, Sourpatch, and we both know that you have just such a repertoire, which I am definitely not judging, but I don’t think it’ll be necess—“ Tony started, cutting off when Rhodey grabbed him by the shoulders and spun him around on his stool, then started wheeling him towards the workshop door.  “Hey!  Hey!  Pepper, help, I’m being kidnapped!”
“Oh, and remember how I said TMZ has the marriage certificate?  Well, now they have an Elvis impersonator who claims to have been serenaded you two as you walked down the aisle,” Ms. Potts finished, ignoring the interjection.  “Who knows what they’ll dig up next.”
Tony could feel Steve’s gaze on him, but he kept his expression neutral.  Finally, Tony looked up and caught Steve’s eye.  Steve let out a low huff of a laugh that had a smile in it and nodded his head at Tony.
“Kevlar?” Rhodey suggested, taking a bite of cranberry muffin.  “You look fine. Well, dorky, but whatever. Go.  You got this.  He’ll love you.  Why wouldn’t he? Okay, well,” Rhodey amended as Tony pulled a face.  “He’ll appreciate that you care about Steve, right? I would, if it was me.  You’ll bond over…things to do with Steve that probably don’t involve nudity—”
Steve had no idea what he was supposed to do now.  He pushed himself up and swung his legs off the edge of the bed, then stood, gingerly at first.  He winced at the sudden stab of pain, though it faded to a dull ache as he stood there.  He was sticky with sweat and…well.  Other things.  He could feel the King’s seed leaking out of him and down his thighs.  He looked down again at the King, then slowly walked towards the doors. He was almost there, when he turned around and looked toward the antechamber, where he had met the King earlier.  Curiosity drove him to walk over to the table and pick up the drawing that the King had been working on.  It showed a trebuchet attached to a wall, with a long throwing arm and lightweight beam, next to a toothed wheel that seemed to be designed to serve as a winch to load the catapult.  He studied it, committing it to memory.  It might be the last useful thing he did.  This…this was his life now, he thought, looking over his shoulder towards the bedroom, where he could just see the outline of a figure on the bed.  Tomorrow, he would serve someone else.  And the day after that, someone else.  Until no one wanted him anymore, and then, he would be used for something else.
“The headaches will pass.  We, uh, think. We’re pretty sure,” Tony said.  “Uh, Me, Bruce and Helen,” he clarified, wagging his head back and forth with a grimace.  “We think they’ll pass once—once this part is done. Okay, so you are probably appropriately freaked out right now.”
Dr. Sloan’s.  That had been the name, Steve recalled, seeing it sitting there on the wobbly little bedside table she had painted blue when he was a baby, though long, thin strips of brown wood had long ago peeled away the paint.  Dr. Sloan’s Liniment. Amber liquid in a clear bottle with the black and white picture of a man sporting a bushy, handlebar moustache.  His memories of before the serum weren’t like now, but he could see the bottle clearly in his head, sitting there on the table by his bed, and how he hated that he would smell like that for days.  That piney, turpentine smell.  How he hated what that smell meant.  Sickness.
.  This was probably going to be a disaster, let’s face it.  He scrubbed a hand over his face and looked out the window.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve fold himself into the seat next to him.
I wonder what it would be like if he kissed me.  My first kiss, Tony thought with a moment of bright, panicked exhilaration before his eyes drifted closed for a moment.  I wonder what it would be like if he loved me.   His felt Steve’s hand slowly slide from his back and the loss of warmth, the loss of everything, when Steve let go of his other hand and stepped back.
Dinner was...surprisingly interesting, as it turned out. Later, Steve knew he would turn it over and over in his head, trying to figure out what had happened and how they ended up on the subjects they ended up talking about.  Einstein-Rosen Bridges.  Why had he even brought up the Tesseract? He wasn’t sure, exactly, what prodded him to do that, but he had learned a couple of things over decidedly non-Italian pizza and lemonade.  One, Tony wanted to go to Switzerland.  Probably not because of the chocolate and mountain views, Steve suspected.  On the heels of that, point two, Tony was a lot smarter than he let on.  A lot.  Maybe even like Tesla and Erskine kind of smart, Steve thought.  Maybe smarter.
“Steve, you look fantastic. Tony thinks so, too. When he’s capable of speech again, I’m sure he’ll tell you,” Ms. Potts said. “I’m sure you two will have a wonderful time tonight. Just try not to cause a scene.” She looked over at Steve, then back at Tony, sighed and looked heavenward with a bracing sort of expression, then snapped the box closed and made for the balcony, leaving him and Tony alone.
“Drink,” Tony told him, handing him a goblet of water.  Steve drank. It was good. He hadn’t realized how parched his throat was.  “You are so easy when you are like this,” Tony observed mildly. “Eat,” he insisted.  Steve opened his mouth. He saw Tony smile a bit at that, then he dutifully placed a piece of cheese into Steve’s mouth.  Steve chewed. That was good, too. Everything was good. He ate a bit more and drank the rest of the water.
problem.  The shimmy had been a symptom, most likely, though the good news was that Tony didn’t think he was going to survive long enough to get to engage in his usual round of self-recrimination for failing to take that as the warning it apparently had been.
“I shouldn’t have yelled,” Steve called out, turning his head to catch Tony’s eye.  For a second, he froze up, caught doing something wrong, thinking something wrong, and somehow, Steve knew, but then he realized what Steve was talking about.
this.  He lusted, yes, he did, after all these years of not being touched, and here Tony stood in front of him, a depraved offering of every carnal thought Steve had ever allowed himself to entertain.  He didn’t think he was strong enough to say no, even if he wanted to, and whether it was the Claim or his own licentious nature, he didn’t know, but he
He tossed the pillow to one side and sat up, gaze flicking to the closet before sliding off and focusing on the framed drawing of Tony’s mother, silky hair smoothed back into a neat chignon, a string of pearls around her neck done in soft pastels that somehow still managed to capture the dark quiet of her eyes and proud tilt of her head.  She had posed for that one, at Tony’s request, sitting in her parlor.  Her silver plate proclaiming her tomatoes the best in show at the Garden Club’s Annual Spring Fling was clasped between her hands. Steve’s idea, much to Tony’s delight.  He rather thought his mother looked pleased as well.
“Points for enthusiasm, but dinner first, Steve. I’m very old-fashioned,” Stark told him. “Roof. Come on. Let’s go.”
“Purple,” Fury said. “Uh—ah—Look, you are not having furniture delivered, Stark. Captain Rogers’ quarters are perfectly fine the way they are.”  Considering Fury probably slept handing upside down, Tony decided to disregard, well, most anything he said.
“Everything’s fine and nothing happened. Right,” Tony huffed out, giving Steve a long look before turning forward again, allowing Steve to keep up his ministrations.  It gave Steve something to do, and he liked the feeling of Tony under his hands, solid and here, right
“I actually have to get back to work,” Steve said with a frown.  He didn’t really want to leave Tony to his own devices at this point, afraid he’d just end up over-thinking everything again.
Steve sucked in a deep breath and closed his eyes.  It was easier to say it out loud that way, though he didn’t know why that was true. “I want--I want to--I want to come with you inside me.  Please?  Please, Tony, I--” he whispered brokenly. “I think I can.  Please.  If you…”
Kirk shrugged and slouched again, though Steve had enough of the figure drawing down, he gave up trying to correct Kirk’s posture.  Instead, he laid out his figure colors on the palette.  Flake white, Mars black, raw umber, transparent Earth yellow, Spanish Earth, Venetian red, Naples yellow, bohemian green Earth, aluzarin crimson, Indian yellow, ultramarine blue, neutral tint.  He picked up one of the flat brushes, mixed some of the paint with mineral spirts and started blocking in the shadows, working the dark earth tones first.
“Bed,” Tony ordered in a quick, clipped tone as he steered Steve towards the bed.  Steve was three steps toward the edge of the bed before he realized Tony was busily undoing his tunic, pulling at the ties and small, enameled buttons until it gaped under Steve’s throat.
“I’m working on it,” Pepper said, typing away on her tablet.  “Would you give me a few minutes?  It’s not exactly one-click buying, Tony.”
“Yeah,” Rollins added, slapping Steve on the shoulder.  “Come on, Rogers, live a little for fuck’s sake.  You in this time or keeping all that bank to yourself?”
Really, the whole ‘unspoken communication’ thing was not going as well as he’d hoped, considering that his Omega had just brushed aside his attempt to convince him that everything was fine by ignoring the actual issue and doing something fun instead. Instead, Steve met Tony’s advance with heavy hands pressing on his shoulders, holding him at arm’s length with annoyingly little effort, and a stern and vaguely disappointed look on his face.
