“Stark Tower, please,” Peter tells the man, who then nods and starts up the meter. Peter looks outside, glad to see it’s a sunny day despite the rain that has been dropping down in the past week. Of course, the weather has not stopped him and MJ to just hang out once in a while. They went to the movies two days ago, and one evening they had some Chinese take-out and ate it in the living room of the apartment with Johnny who kind of invited himself along.
It’s a thing he does. Every time he comes, the members of the Avengers can expect some sort of upgrade to their armor, gadgets or weapons.
JARVIS stays quiet, which is fine enough. Tony scrapes his chair back, needing to stretch his legs. He takes a few steps towards the refrigerator where he takes out a bottle of water. He doesn’t tempt himself with the beer, knowing that if he starts again, he’s not going to be able to stop. He’s worked too hard, had too many therapy, to just start again like that.
“Hehe, funny, you both have superhero names!” Yaël muttered. Wow, nice work, Yaël, she thought sarcastically. Peter threw her a questioning glance and it was Wade, of course, who got distracted immediately.
Of course, that’s not taking in account the sudden blue explosion he’s seeing from a good distance away.
“Are you going to tell them hello?” Gwen asks, and Peter hesitates for a bit. It could do great, to just have another talk with Ben, joke with him, learn some wise lessons from him. But… it would screw them up. They’ve built up some sort of peace, so it seems. They don’t seem happy, but they’re working back on it, they’re getting back on their feet, no matter how long it’ll take.
One short look, Tony can only spot one of these artists T’Challa had been talking about. A white man, with a beard and a cap over his head. Tony can’t see his face, but he looks muscled enough. Should he greet him? Tony puts his hands in his pockets and walks towards the bench.
“Right, I’ll start up the Quinjet,” Natasha then says, running out of the room. May has her arms crossed, looking extremely uncomfortable around a whole bunch of superheroes ready for action. She has her eyes trained on Peter, observing him carefully.
And that’s true. He did love her. She must have been the first person in Tony’s life that made him think: ‘I want to share my life with them’. But it wasn’t meant to be. She took off, and Tony took the shortcut to a rehabilitation center when he realized that death sounded better than having to wake up alone one more time.
“Dude, I didn’t believe you when you said you see better from up high, but it looks like you were right;
“Peter, that’s the suit talking, not you,” Natasha warns him. Peter rolls his eyes, but doesn’t answer. He walks up to the window and tries to open it, only to find out that it doesn’t move. A look behind him, and Peter figures Tony must have locked it before Peter could do anything.
He’s been working himself up for the past ten minutes since he’s been here, silently freaking out about everything. His first instinct right now is to just turn back and pretend like this never happened. Luckily, he never really follows his instinct when it comes to matters like these, and he doesn’t drive the car back around to return to the tower.
Before she knew it, she was undressing in the fitting room. Wade kept throwing in clothes. Somehow, he knew her sizes exactly, which was a bit freaky as Yaël didn’t even know them herself. He was right, though. She deserved some new clothes. Being a teacher, she couldn’t walk around like a complete sloth, just because she didn’t have the money to buy stuff before, right? Plus, this was an excellent distraction.
He lowered the book again and stared at the cover. It was completely silent for a moment, what made Yaël feel even more stuck. She wanted to scratch her neck, she wanted to move, turn around and take a good look at that house again.
As Mr. Stark gives him instructions on where to go, Peter finds himself recognizing the place already. Getting himself Upstate, Peter drives up onto a road surrounded by trees. After what must be about twenty minutes of careful driving, Peter parks the car in front of the familiar Facility he’s come to know as the Avenger’s headquarters.
Peter turns towards Rhodey, who is reading this from his phone. Tony doesn’t respond. The man is looking at the broken cage, probably finding multiple ways to blame himself again for this. But, to be fair, a glass container probably wasn’t the best idea for such a foe. Never mind the reinforced glass.
“Why do you have the suit?!” he bites at Peter, but then he sees Peter’s face again as if for the first time. Eyes red from the tears, Peter stands there, bruised and broken, begging Tony for an answer. He wants to know where Steve is, he’s begging here, and all Tony can do is snap at him. All he can do is being a horrible father; again.
Peter almost regrets that he won’t be there to witness it. Maybe he can convince the others to sneak into the tower and have a look. It could be hilarious! Without knowing more of their plans, the adults all leave the room after saying goodbye to Peter, Wanda and Vision. Peter clears his throat the moment they’re alone, turning to face Vision and Wanda a bit hesitantly.
Next to him, there’s more shifting. That’s when Tony opens his eyes. Because the shifting comes from behind him.
They’re on the couch, having just started up a movie called ‘Vvitch’, and here they are already. Sitting close together, arms and thighs touching. One would only need to lower their head to rest it on the other. Peter wonders what would happen if he moves his hand towards hers.
She let go of his hair, but kept laying on the comfortable spot called Parker’s legs. Her thoughts fluttered to another place. “What were you crying for before I came in?” she asked. Peter didn’t answer immediately, so Yaël assumed he was sleeping.
“Yup, and when I’m using no element at all, my eyes are ochre. So I think that’s my actual eye color, right?”
So Peter isn’t surprised when Tony opens the door and Steve is standing there, in a suit and his hair slicked back. Still unshaven, he looks very much like one of those models nowadays. Peter smiles as he looks at it.
“Mary knew about Peter being bitten by the spider? But how?” the woman asks in confusion. Before Tony can speak up, there’s a knock on the door, followed by Bruce entering the room with someone behind him.
Tony blinks twice before nodding, a tear rolling down his cheek. Steve wipes it away with his thumb, gently kissing Tony underneath both eyes before pulling him in a tight embrace.
“Peter misses him, too,” Tony says. Then he stands up after all. He shouldn’t be here for too long, it’s not safe. “Tell, uh… tell him Peter’s doing okay.”
He’s been telling himself for the past three months that they’re done. That they’ve broken up and that he has to move on with his life. But as it is now, how can he do it? How can he do any of it without Steve? The man who has been taking care of him when he was at his lowest. The man who loves his son as if Peter were his own.
To compare the two different suits… it almost seems impossible. Sure, Peter did the best he could with what he had at the time, and it’s not like the previous suit was such a horrible thing. But this one… it’s just not even in the same wavelength!
Yaël rubbed her eyes and mumbled: “Oh, god…” Then she pointed at the door as she hissed. “Get out, both of you! I have enough of your testosterone! I should’ve stayed on earth, fight the fucking Civil War and date Jason, that would’ve been the smart choice! Instead, I’m stuck here, almost cut into pieces, with you two dipshits! Maybe I should even have fought on Hela’s side! OUT!” The two man faltered out of the room, looking at her like she wasn’t feeling well. Thor, though, seemed to be laughing as he ran out, so he clearly wasn’t too insulted about her sudden reaction.
“Yeah, I called around. Someone is coming to get her out. They’re bringing her to cells in the compound.” Yaël nodded as she closed her eyes again, good. “I’m going to bring you to the compound too.” Her eyes flung back open.
In case people wanted interaction between Steve and baby!Peter, I have my reasons for not letting that happen. You'll see why, soon enough! ^^
Once they had entered the big dining room, just another glass and metal room but filled with long, metal tables and benches, Hilde parked Yaël next to her. Yaël noticed how close she was sitting to the head of the table, where Thor was sitting with to his right, Loki. Yaël glanced at him from the corner of her eyes, but he didn’t look back, to busy talking to Thor. As the minutes passed, the tables got more and more filled. Hulk, Heimdall and Korg joined them. She looked around to see where Miek was, but couldn’t find him. Maybe he wasn’t coming?
“I’m not sure…Any suggestions?” Heimdall raised his eyebrow with a little smile. The new king was, obviously, still a young one. “Miek, where are you from?” he asked to the unmoving purple creature in Korg’s hands.
He agrees with May that he’ll be the one to check on the principal; mostly because May is at work, and Tony’s Peter’s legal dad, anyway. It’s easy to explain. What’s even easier is handing Mr. Morita a contract of confidentiality. The man signs it immediately, still seeming extremely shocked about it.
Steve’s eyes start getting wet from tears. Tony caresses his cheek gently, giving him a small smile.
When he gets to the room where Steve is being held, he finds the man looking at the same images Tony had been looking at back at his desk. On the screen on the top left, Bucky is still seated in his new cage. Steve has his hands stuck in the pockets of his pants, probably trying to keep himself from starting to throw punches.
“Listen, Peter, I’m sorry that you had so see me like that,” Mr. Stark suddenly starts surprising Peter once again. He’d never think that the man was capable of apologizing to anybody, ever. “I’ve never been called professional before, but this has been an all new low for me. Drunk me is obviously an ass.”
Because, to be fair, he has no clue how to even begin on making something that could make him travel through dimensions. How does one go from point A to an alternate point B without getting the help from a certain sorcerer supreme who is in fact an expert on these kind of things.
Tony lands in front of the building. Pulling back the suit, he starts walking forward to get to the door.
Wade nodded quickly. “Yes, my German butterfly, I’ll buy you the fanciest plates ever made.” He answered her demand with some fear in his eyes. Yaël wasn’t sure if he was acting or not, but she didn’t care.
“Cho said that it’s almost completely healed, which is insane since it’s been only ten days. His liver is completely normal, it’s almost like his body has been put on a complete reset.”
“How is he?” he asks before he can stop himself. He doesn’t need to clarify who he’s talking about. They’ll know. Natasha closes her mouth, and Sam tilts his head forward a bit.
Tony smiles. “Good,” he says. Then he drinks from his glass, eyeing Steve who is still bravely hanging on. Some incredible genius thought it would be a great idea to play twister, which is what they’ve been doing for the past half hour. Tony could have gone for longer, but eventually he decided it was enough for him and he pretended to fail at it. Now, out of the game, he watches how Steve, Barnes, Natasha and Hilde are still going.
“TO ME IT DIDN’T SEEM LIKE IT!” Without realizing it, Tony gives Steve a shove on the chest. “Do you
Being unable to move itched even more in complete silence. Yaël sighed, she was almost sweating from getting nervous. Her hair tickled her neck. Something beeped on the monitor. It probably showed her rising heart rate. The man looked up and checked the screen. Then he looked at Yaël.
Tony nods at him, watching the King walk away as he picks up his phone. Then he lets out a sigh, putting his hands behind his back as he starts walking. One quick look at his watch says that it’s nearly three. One look above, he can see the streams of sunlight getting through the leaves of the trees and he smiles.
To be fair, it sucks a bit that he’s now completely alone. But… No, he can’t be mad at Johnny. Much like he should stop being mad at everybody else. Steve, the Avengers… his dad.
Tony only realizes tears are rolling down from his cheeks after that. He wipes them away quickly, sniffs his nose, and breathes out heavily. He sometimes forgets how much Natasha seems to care, sometimes. After reading up on her past, knowing what kind of person she used to be in the past, Tony never really thought of her as a team-player. She was a killer, and a damn good one. In many ways, she keeps on surprising him, still.
“She doesn’t allow it,” Peter answers. There’s a sigh coming from the other side of the line, and then some shuffling noises.
The fourth criminal comes out with a bit of a delay, eventually followed by a fifth. Though the last one doesn’t seem to have his hands raised. Peter frowns, looking at the scene in close attention. A cold chill passes through him, and Wanda must have sensed it off him since she, too, gasps in surprise.
“There was a spider in my pizza,” the man says with a dark and serious voice, face dark and gloomy all of the sudden. Now that he’s seeing him from so close, Peter can get a good look at the man. He must say, all those scars all over his body and even his face… this guy must have suffered quite a lot. Maybe he got a bit crazy because of it?
Aye, I missed my own deadline. I guess I've been trying to take too much on my plate and I kinda broke down when it came to writing. But after this chapter, there's only two more to go!
“It’s amazing,” Dr. Cho says, though she’s not as surprised as the other doctors. “Your liver is working just as well as Steve’s. It’s burning through your medications more quickly than they used to so we’re going to have to change your dose again.”
“Sure, though bet you for ten dollars that it’s going to be about that ring I just spotted there,” Tony says, pointing at the jewel wrapped around the woman’s finger of her left hand. Pepper looks down at the hand in question, seeming a bit taken aback by his response.
“I kinda forgot you guys can take this elevator?” he tries awkwardly, keeping his hands behind his back. The two men blink one more time before shrugging and at last entering. When the door of the elevator closes behind them, it’s none too soon.
“That’s exactly how I would do it,” she grinned. Peter shot a dry, sarcastic look at her. Okay, Yaël got it, Peter’s life was way too complicated.
“Where is it…?” he mutters to himself, going through his stuff while still holding his glass in the other hand. He only realizes after a minute that he’s been sticking out his tongue during his search. It takes a few minutes longer until he finds what he’s looking for.
“I just want to inform you that I’m going to play dumb as I already lived through this scenario once and I still remember all of it, just so you can see this memory as it happened.”
“I swear, I don’t have hidden feelings for you. I mean, sure, you look great and all; very exotic with that Latino vibe and then the hair. But to be honest, and I don’t mean to be rude, the combination of my meds and the alcohol…”
Dropping the tablet on the couch, Peter starts walking to the kitchen to get some breakfast ready. It’s there that he sees Steve standing in front of the window, holding a cup of coffee in his hand as he stares out into what must be the nothingness. It’s not the city he’s looking at, obviously.
“You once told me you were banished from town,” he answered while he fiddled with a plaid hanging against a wall and held his other hand behind his back.
Is it possible that, in his moments of blackouts, he actually went and got himself in some sort of relationship with the Black Cat? A girl Peter doesn’t even know by her actual name! She’s just always been the Cat in his mind!
“I’m sorry I’m putting you through all of this,” Tony starts. “You wanted a father but what you got is an entire Grey’s Anatomy-episode with all the drama of the past few seasons put together.”
know him?” Peter asks before he remembers that she didn’t know Fury and Professor X before, either. “The guy owns pretty much everything here, comes on the news practically every day.”
“And why exactly do you need me to come along?” Tony asks after Steve hands him the helmet for his motorcycle. Tony gives it a long look before putting it on, a bit smug about the Captain America pattern drawn on it. Meanwhile, Steve takes out one, but Iron Man-themed instead.
“I’m sure you’re here for an important matter, Wade?” X asks patiently. Tony quickly rubs the tears away from his cheeks before sniffing his nose.
Tony goes to freshen up. He dims the light, makes the bed, takes a warm shower. And just about ten minutes before Steve should arrive, Tony throws himself underneath the covers, completely naked. Ready to give Steve the welcome of his life, he waits.
“And we might lose everybody if we try going back!” Strange sighs. “Besides, he’s still missing two stones, right?”
By the time it’s just the three of them again, Tony finds himself leaning against Steve on the couch with Peter’s head on his lap. They’re starting up the first Lord of the Rings, with no intention of finishing it since everybody’s just tired like crazy.
“No,” he answered and he grabbed her hand, still frowning. “You have a fever. I’m not that cold as you think I am, normally I’m just a bit more chilly than other people.”
As for the crime-fighting… Peter’s still no Avenger. He doesn’t want to be, either. It’s his Dad’s team, Steve’s team. Peter’s perfectly fine doing the smaller things, staying in New York where the others leave for foreign countries and help out there.
The first thing he reaches out for, ignoring many passwords in the process, is going for the security cameras. Just so he an get a view of the entire building, which comes in rather handing, really, since at least that way he’s prepared when he hears the door open. Immediately he jumps out of sight, letting the suit surround him and putting it on stealth mode. Then he hovers into the air, high enough so that the man entering can’t see him.
Steve rolled his eyes, turning towards Sam who just shrugged after making a full sweep of the territory. A dead end, then. Alright, it was only their first lead after all.
“Oh no,” Tony mutters. He doesn’t feel ready to face her. She must have been thinking that he was doing good at last. But she couldn’t know. Nobody could have; Tony’s just too good at keeping it to himself. Nobody knows he’s been falling apart on the inside, because he figured he would snap out of it eventually. Clearly, that’s not the case.
Leaving a shocked Natasha behind him, Tony exits the house at last. Speeding almost immediately, Tony hurries away from the road, wanting to be away from here as quickly as possible.
Tony takes a deep breath. He’s got a feeling that things are about to get much worse now. Thor’s gone, Loki’s out there somewhere again. A full civilization from outer space now seeking refuge on Earth… It’s getting closer and Tony’s feeling like he’s completely out of time to stop it now. He should have known, should have perfected the Ultron-project and tried again. He should have prepared the world more than this.
he doesn’t have to keep it quiet anymore. With the hand that isn’t attached to Aunt May, Peter reaches up towards Mr. Stark to grab his arm in a sudden need for contact, touch. And then the man, his father, responds by taking Peter’s hand into his own. He smiles once he feels a small kiss being pressed against his fingers.
Johnny shakes his head. “I know when to stop,” he says. “But I’ll need Iron Man as well since I probably can’t absorb it all.”
pretty weird to watch a holographic illusion of his grandparents, seeing them saying goodbye to a barely older version of his own father. It all looks so unnaturally real that it almost freaks Peter out. He has no idea when Tony has even found the time to work on this in between the suit and all the drama.
Instructing FRIDAY to get him to Siberia, Tony Stark flies himself over the ocean, knowing extremely well that, if he’s discovered, he might end up with his former teammates in one of these cells.
At this point she really wished she was just with Peter, Wade and Wanda, watching some series. But that felt like Utopia right now. She knew that even if she’d get back to earth, things wouldn’t be the same as they used to. Maybe someone died, and Yaël wouldn’t even know because she decided to stay out of it. The image of Peter’s death burned its way into her mind. But Yaël strengthened her back, because that was not her focus right now, she needed to survive what was coming.
Slowly he makes his way to the room, though he doesn’t go further than the door. Looking inside, he sees May seated on her chair next to Peter’s bed, holding his hand as she holds his fingers against her lips. Steve, meanwhile, remains behind her with a hand on her shoulder in a comforting way.
“He’s the one getting married, can you blame him?” Steve returns. Tony then finally turns back to him, his brown eyes boring into Steve’s, his hand tightening around his.
“That sense of humor of yours… I missed it,” Aunt May then says, pulling back. As soon as she’s facing Peter again, Peter stops glaring at the staring dude, instead meeting her eyes. A warm feeling passes through him when she reaches up her hand to caress his cheek. “I know things have been hard, but I’m glad you’re doing better, Peter.”
“Stop doing that,” Steve tells Tony, embarrassed by the things he just said. Tony smirks only in return.
Once he’s seated down on a random chair, he takes out his phone and finds that he has a message from is dad (a simple ‘Okay’). After checking his social media, he turns off the internet once more and starts taking out his notebook, starting to scribble down a bit on the paper. Right now, all he wants to do is take a look at the suit, find out what exactly happened to it and, if it’s a completely new suit, he needs to know what happened to the previous one.
During a clearer moment, she saw Steve, Wade, a random person and Wanda standing in the corner of a room, discussing something.
Peter just snorts and shakes his head. He quit his job there almost immediately after learning that he would be compensated for his work at Stark Industries. Staying there would not only make trouble for the amount of money he would be earning as a teenager, but it would result in not having any single bit of free time anymore.
It’s seven past six in the morning. Another minute goes by as Tony stares at the clock in front of him. The bed is cold, or at least colder than it should be. The lack of a person breathing next to him is disturbing, making him feel even more lonely than ever before.
“Oh, uh… hey,” he mutters out. Tony doesn’t answer. Instead, he flies them towards a playground where he drops Peter on top of the Monkey Bars. There, he hovers into the air while Peter pulls off his mask, finally feeling like he can breathe again, completely.
touch?! You didn’t seem to mind last time when you were sucking my face off two days ago, asshole,” she bites back. “Also, for the past few weeks all you’ve been telling me is how single you are. You can’t blame this shit on me.”
And Felicia hangs up after that. With the shower hot and finally out of his clothes for the second time today, Peter walks into the shower. Only this time, his limbs give up on him and instead of standing, he sits down on the floor, letting the water hit him on the back. The drops roll into his eyes, all over his face, but he doesn’t mind.
“Thanks babe,” Tony returns fondly. He allows Steve to pull him up, and then with minimal pressure on his hurt leg, Tony gets himself to the kitchenette where he sits down on the stool. Steve hands him a cup of coffee, and then starts collecting some stuff to prepare breakfast. Tony watches him work for a few seconds before pulling up his phone again.
FRIDAY asks Peter as he starts his search through the archived inventions that he’s put aside or discarded in the past few years. Knowing Tony Stark, he never throws it away with the thought that he’ll finish it later. Peter frowns when he comes up to the very first edition of the Stark Phone. What an old thing!
“You should go,” he says. May looks like she’s about to respond to that for a moment, but then she nods. As Peter’s bed is taken out of the room, she passes Tony, kissing him slightly on the cheek before joining Peter. She takes her nephew’s hand into her own and follows them to their destination.
“You know what? Yeah, that’s exactly what this is about. Because I was alright, and you just keep on pushing and pushing and shoving it in my face with your stupid apologies! And earlier today you were too busy helping out a madman to even realize my son had just once
“Enjoy the rest of your day, then,” he nods. Miles doubts Mr. Li would know him by name, but then again he’s been proven wrong about Mr. Li on many occasions.
She doesn’t really look at him as she takes out a few papers from the envelope. Peter wonders why she’s stalling this; wouldn’t she know the answers right now? Does she really need to go through these with him?
Though in the way the King was speaking, Tony wouldn’t be too surprised if the man has ulterior motives to bring Tony all the way to Wakanda instead of visiting himself. Then again, he’s
Fury opens his mouth to say something, but before he can speak, loud alarms ring up inside Tony’s ears. Given the reaction of the others, it goes through the entire helicarrier.
“Come in!” Steve shouts, then. He throws an arm over Tony’s own shoulders. Then he gently kisses the top of his head.
Tony smirks. “Steve agrees with you there. I was more a fan of the third dress, but whatever. It’s not like anybody will be wearing one for me.” He winks at Peter, ruffles through his hair again and starts making his way to the buffet. Then Yael, Wade
What Peter would do to be a part of it. Maybe if he promises not to go as Peter but as Spider-Man? Maybe then he can join? Only the Avengers know who he is after all.
“You don’t look so well,” Tony points out. Peter rolls his eyes, taking off his coat and hanging it up among the others.
“I’m not sure… but…” The man looked confused and stared to the sky, like he was searching for something. Did Yaël just hear her name somewhere? He looked back at her and threw her a sad smile. Yaël frowned at him, blinked and when she opened her eyes, she was staring at the ceiling. For a second, Yaël felt dizzy from the sudden change.
Yaël made pulling movements with her arms, her hands were formed into fists. As she kept moving, the rock rammed and smacked against the glass wall. It made a few cracks, but it went way to slow. Yaël had trouble with breathing from all the smoke.
He’s not surprised that Ross refuses to listen to him when he came up with the facts. Ross doesn’t care about proving Barnes’ innocence. All he wants is him behind bars. Tony is not going to try to change his mind. He knows his facts, and knows, right now, what the right thing to do is.
Having gone to the desk, Tony returns with a pair of scissors. Then at the neck, he pulls on the fabric enough to put one blade behind it. In one swift movement he cuts down three times.
“Tony?” he asks. There’s no answer. Peter decides to leave them be. He just lets Steve do his thing and resumes his work on the program he’s working on. Mr. Stark gave him a code earlier today, and then told Peter to try and finish it. According to him, it’s supposed to be an AI, much like FRIDAY is. Peter isn’t really sure what he’s supposed to do – especially if Mr. Stark is spacing out again today – but he think he’ll manage.
Peter doesn’t ask questions when Steve doesn’t come to sit with them. The pair have had fights before. Small ones, but also big, nasty ones. In a way, it's actually surprising that they can stay together after all that shouting all the time, though Peter is glad they are, because despite that they're good for each other. Tony and Peter have taken place somewhere on the second row. On the first row, Peter can see Sam, with one empty seat next to him. He supposes that’s where Steve’ll be, though Peter has no idea where he is.
“Hey, uh, what are you doing here?” Peter asks the man that has been driving Peter everywhere for the past fe weeks. Happy, wearing a suit, puts his hands in his pockets and nods at him.
“I’ve been through many things that others my age haven’t,” Peter tells her back, and Dr. Cho nods in agreement while lifting her eyebrows. Mr Stark left about fifteen minutes ago after making sure that Peter’s well taken care of, and that has given the teenager some time to think. It helps now that his head is clear, though.
They’ve been lazy in bed for the past hour since they woke up, but the first half hour had been filled with just making out. Tony has to admit that it had been a bit weird, feeling such a muscular – and masculine – body underneath his hands instead of a lean and slender one. Luckily, Steve seems to have shaved before coming here, otherwise Tony’s mind would have been even more fucked at the addition of sudden facial hair, as well.
“Your Majesty,” Yaël bumped up the guard as he abruptly stopped walking. He was probably standing in front of the throne. The guard sighed a bit annoyed before he finished his sentence. “This is one of the maids, Isse, and she claims she has captured this thief, sir.” The buzz in her ear went louder and turned into some kind of beep.
After that, she carefully opened the door and walked out of her bedroom. A shriek left her mouth as out of nowhere somebody wrapped his arms around her and forced her to face him. It was Charles, of course it was Charles. Well, his younger and illusive version. But he felt real enough, as Charles was a damn pro in casting illusions.
He’s stopped by Steve’s hand grabbing on to his arm, reminding Tony very much of the time of their first kiss.
“You’ve got something on your mind, kid?” Mr. Stark suddenly asks, startling Peter and breaking him out of his train of thought. He wants to deny it, to say that he’s alright, but he knows he would be lying. Is it now that he should tell him? Is it the right time to admit it?
Lincoln raises his eyebrow at him, but before he can pick up the phone to place the call, the elevator dings open, revealing no-one other than Tony Stark himself.
“Can I help you?” Yaël jumped and accidentally dropped the magazine as a random guy started talking behind her. She turned around and what she saw made shocked her so much she ran against the leg of one of the tables. She grabbed her toe and jumped around on one foot for a second, cursing. The guy who sneaked up on her was extremely handsome, he was a model, he had to be.
“Secondly there’s that superhuman stamina and speed,” he mumbles, leaning back in his seat and reaching for a pencil to bite on. While taking a deep breath, he thinks further. “Superhuman durability. I mean you could empty your gun in them and they would still stand, the idiots…”
“I didn’t say you didn’t look good in it, though,” Jason threw her another smirk. The cheeky bastard! His smirks and flashes of arrogance kind of reminded her of…
I'm not sure if people are actually enjoying this story, but I'll keep on updating anyway. To be fair, writing's been pretty rough lately because for some reason I've been feeling... low. I keep on writing because I want to finish the story, but I just hope I don't start lagging behind on my chapters. I'm sorry if my 'sadness' is too obvious in everything that's happening in this sequel. I don't even have a good reason to BE sad, which makes it even ten times worse.
Realization comes to him, and Peter hurries to the window, where he pulls open the blinds. The view he sees there is not disappointing at all.
“She fought against the Queen in a big army of only women, joining the enemy of the royal family!” It got harder for Yaël to keep her anger to herself.
“What, and have you talking our ears off some more? No thanks,” he returns. Peter groans, but then makes a ‘calling’ gesture towards him.
“You should be in the hospital for at least three more weeks,” the super-soldier says sternly. Tony rolls his eyes at him but then gives him a wink.
“Because, dear J, as much as I miss you, I really need to get home and fix my own family,” Tony explains. “And that means apologizing to Peter and Steve, and get my shit together.”
“Nope, told me to go to Hell, but I’m going to the compound instead. But you can call me any time; I’ll put you on hold, I like to watch the light blink.”
“I don’t-“ Tony starts, but he doesn’t finish that sentence. He takes in the kids in front of him. The girl with her hair neatly put up, wearing a dark blue vest with a white shirt underneath, accompanied by a knee-length skirt. On her chest, there’s a symbol, some sort of crest. A short look at Peter and the other boy, he realizes they’re wearing the same kind of thing. “Are those school uniforms?”
Peter just randomly starts knocking on a few doors, but whenever he opens it he usually finds some couple passed out, half naked. They’re in a bed, slumped against the wall with their pants lying by their feet. He even finds to girls currently getting their action on in the bathroom. He quickly closes the door again without trying to disturb them. He doesn’t want to get into that drama.
“So, it seems you’ve made your mind about the direction you were wanting to go?” Mr. Stark asks while he, too, sits himself down on his chair. Then he leans his chin onto his hands, while his elbows are resting on the desk. Peter simply nods again, letting out a nervous chuckle.
And the shouting intensifies while Tony pretends to sing along with the girls, holding the Captain America shield into his hand while wearing one of the first versions of Steve’s uniform. The one where the hoods has actual little white wings come out from the sides.
“Why can’t he come?” Bruce suddenly asks. Everybody turns to him, eyes fallen open from the surprise. “I don’t see the problem, at least that way he’ll get a say in what’s to be expected from these accords.”
“Soulmate, honey.” Then he inhaled sharply and before Yaël could ask what he was doing, Wade started yelling like a lunatic. “PETERRRRR PARKEEERRRRR!”
At eight, like always, Happy is ready to take Peter home. With the promise that Peter would stay over for the weekend again, the two part ways; Tony getting back inside the building, and Peter driving off with Happy. One look at his phone indicates that there’s still no answer.
He thought he had been loved by Obediah. Turns out that wasn’t exactly what he’d hoped for. Rhodey, though… he was someone he could lean on whenever things were bad. He was the one who had Tony’s back, who took care of him whenever life turned out to be too heavy for him. Then came Mary. Kind, sweet, smart Mary. She had been beautiful, reminding him of the bright colors of autumn with her dark brown hair and those brown eyes. She had been around his age, had her own little quirks that came with her, such as never wanting to wear high heels as they always gave her blisters, or unintentionally making Tony fall in love with her.
too advanced to even consider this a normal robbery. Holy crap, what is he getting himself into now?
“Now, my friends, enjoy the feast. Dance, eat, let go of your worries for as long as possible, alright?”
“C-can you give me some water, please?” Yaël asked, her voice sounded hoarse, like she had been screaming all day. The man looked down and frowned thoughtfully.
Peter makes a ‘hell yes’-move when he hears it. He’s met Shuri a few times before during the Infinity War and enjoyed spending every moment with her. Not really in a romantic kind of way, either. She’s more like the super-smart cousin that loves to teach Peter stuff. The things he’s learned about nano-technology is incredible! Besides, she’s agreed to help out Rhodey with his back, though the soldier has still to hear about that fact.
Steve’s face turns a bit red at that, the frown turns into a scowl. Oh, there’s fire in his eyes. Tony just loves to mess with his man like this.
“Peter, Tony, are you alright?” Steve asks, a bit breathless. The two are still breathing heavily. Tony gives Steve a quick look, once again noticing the dark red spots on his shirt. Immediately he reaches out for him, opening the buttons of his shirt and looking over the wounds on his chest.
“You’re going to have to be more specific,” Natasha mumbles. Because clearly, Steve has always been the heavy worker when it comes to
Peter grins. "Hey, that's my Dad's technology you're talking about," he returns, but still following suit. After his drink is heated as well, the two stand back up and get to the couch where Peter starts up the television.
“I should call Stark,” he said quietly. Yaël gritted her teeth. Had she been practicing and training all this time just so still nobody would believe she was able to take care of herself? Then what had been the fucking use? “I’ll follow you, instead.”
Peter isn’t exactly sure how the process went from designing these things they’ve made for him to the point where they actually performed surgery to implant them inside his head, but he’s not about to complain too much about it.
Yaël couldn’t make up her mind about Loki, though. She believed he tricked her in all of this. He used her trust to make her his weapon as he tried to take over Earth, but yet, he also tried to stop that somehow. Maybe she was just dumb and naïve, because it was actually very clear she didn’t mean that much to him, right?
That evening, when Peter’s already safely at home and Tony is working on his latest armor, his phone rings in indication that he has a message. Tony doesn’t look at it immediately, only opening it once he goes to bed.
Aunt May realized something was wrong with him two months after Gwen died. Peter had started to avoid places; mostly churches and rooms with clocks. On top of that, he spaced out whenever he saw a police-car. Aunt May begged for him to get some help. He refused.
By the time Aunt May leaves him in his room to share the happy news with her friends, Peter finds himself still an answer short. May turned out to be more enthusiastic about it than he had anticipated, and once again he’s left alone with only his own mind.
And by the time Peter gets to his classroom, she lets go of him at last, correcting his shirt quickly before nodding to the entrance.
“Honey, it’s a 100 acres with a lap pool, a screening room… There’s worse ways to protect people!” Tony counters immediately, not stopping his defensive tone.
“No-nothing, really,” he muttered“It’s just… I wouldn’t have expected you here? Aren’t you, like, extremely mad at me or something?” His puppy-eyes met hers. She couldn’t be mad at him, not after what had happened the night before. Not ever again. Yaël crossed her arms and leaned against the wall, carefully as she was trying not to damage one of his posters.
“Aunt May?” he calls out, but once again there’s no answer. Peter sighs, shaking his head and standing up once more to grab the book he had selected as the first one. Then he quickly makes a search for the second one, as well. After that, he goes to bed, reading a bit through them but finding nothing really that catches his interest other than his mother and Mr. Stark apparently being good friends. That surprises him a bit, but he doesn’t dwell too much on it.
May asks. Tony quickly establishes a connection with Peter’s phone and directs the call back to him. After that, he puts the device down again.
“I mean, yeah! It was great being with her but now I’m reminded of how much I’ve missed being single and free again.” Harry lets out a laugh. “And the great thing; I don’t think it’ll be awkward being around her! We’re still friends. Proves how much in love we were, right?”
“I found the pregnancy test in the trash and took it to school. When I later asked my teacher about it she told me what it was.”
“Y-yeah, I’m fine. I just accidentally cut myself,” Peter assures him, but Tony is not so easily sated. When he stands next to Peter, he takes the hand the teenager is directing towards his mouth and inspects the cut on the boy’s finger. It doesn’t look too deep, but it must have stung.
“Eugene, how about that? I didn’t know you’d go here?” Peter tries. He doesn’t want to make too much of a big deal about Flash. The past schoolyear had been kind of chill, what with Flash having gotten his warning from the school about his bullying behavior, close to being expelled. Now, though, there’s a clean slate, no strikes. If he wishes so, he could flush Peter’s face in the toilet and probably nobody would look up. There’s just too many students here.
“I’m…afraid,” Yaël gasped between her words and started to feel lightheaded, black dots appeared in her vision.
“Harry?” Peter asks. The figure on the ground shudders a bit upon hearing his voice. Peter takes a careful step forward. He tries again. “Harry, it’s me; Peter.”
“Just need to see what triggered the message now,” he answers. “Call Happy for me, will you? If Steve can have his mission, I can have one of my own.”
Eventually, Tony looks up and puts a hand on Steve’s cheek. Without warning, he pulls him closer, softly grazing his lips on his. His chest warms up, his heart speeding up. Unknowingly, his hand glides behind Steve’s neck to pull him even closer.
Peter groans in frustration again, and Natasha, too, rolls her eyes. After that, she stretches her arms a bit.
His ears feel like they’re exploding. It hurts so much, his first instinct is to just put his arms right back and protect them. But he can’t; he needs to make sure Eddie’s out of there before Johnny can continue on their plan.
way that I’m making a flying toaster that delivers the toast to people’s plates,” Tony mutters out, rubbing his fingers over his forehead. “It’s a bad idea, which means a lot coming from the biggest source of bad ideas.”
Tony feels his body go cold, and all the sound around him just disappears. Mary Fitzpatrick, one of the few people that had been there for him after his parents died, is not even there anymore. And somehow, he has never even been made aware of this.
“I don’t expect him to be drunk, really,” Wanda offers him with a wide smile. But alright, shall we get the place ready?
It's short, probably quick, but it has to end. I'm not sure if there'll be more stories in this verse soon. Caspinn and I are working on a final part that focuses on the events of Infinity War that happened in the Sweet Child of Mine-world, but we've got a lot of puzzling to do since there's so much of the movie we want to add to it. This also means that we've tweaked a bit of the happenings that were explained in 'Something about Peter'. The Timestamp 'A Parent's loss' also isn't relevant to the story anymore.
“Sure, thanks…” Yaël answered, then she turned to him. “Look, Vision, I would appreciate it a lot if you wouldn’t tell anyone about the wound. It would alarm them and that’s really not necessary.” He stared at her for a moment, then nodded, turned around and left her room again by going through the wall.
“Your,” Peter corrects him. Tony frowns and gives him a questioning look. “You said ‘their,’ but what you mean is ‘your’ secrets, right?”
He goes to the movies with Ned after a little while, but even there he can’t seem to enjoy himself. In the end, he always ends up in the hospital, holding his father’s hand between his own. And Tony’s awake, though he’s not always entirely there. His concentration is close to zero, and he keeps on forgetting simple facts. Sometimes he thinks Steve is about to walk in to the room. Other times he insists on going home, claiming that there’s nothing wrong with him.
"No problem," Yaël mumbled, but it was obvious that the conversation had been about her. Who did Yaël work with? Was she supposed to be the villain? What the heck was her role in this weird world? The rain rattled around, but it seemed like it couldn’t touch the man in front of her. It fell right through him, like he wasn’t there at all. Even the wind didn’t touch his hair.
Yaël sighed. “That guy must be crazy. He doesn’t know who you are, he could send that boy into his death by forcing him to deliver for you.” Wade didn’t react to that, so Yaël stopped staring at the city lights and turned to her supposed babysit.
But Peter doesn’t refuse. He finds it difficult to do that, feeling as if he would be a bad son if he would just head back home and ignoring his invite.
“Ah, Miss Beauty! How are you?” And with that he’s gone. Peter blinks a few times, and Yaël gives him another apologetic glance.
"The girl’s our prisoner, I have no need for unicorn-related-bonding-moments. What do you want me to do? Polish her nails? Let her talk about her feelings?"
Cap looked a bit confused, like he totally didn’t expect to ever see her in this kind of context, yelling about a flute to a bunch of teens.
“Just see it as us being even now,” Steve then says. Tony’s head turns back to him all of the sudden, eyes worried.
with me! Steve Rogers! Agrees to make a sex tape! So I’m like ‘HELL YEAH’ and I set everything up, and this morning we just had what I think is the
“Are you smirking?!” Steve still talks a bit louder than normally, probably still excited about it. Tony raises an eyebrow, finishing his glass before dropping it down. Then he makes a complete turn, heading back to the living room.
“He was friendly enough before he turned out to be HYRDA. Then he tried to attack me in an elevator.”
,” FRIDAY reveals. Tony sighs, looking down at his cellphone and finding that he has no messages. Nobody should be missing him already; Steve is probably back asleep, and Peter is helping the other guys.
“Peter, do you know if there was anybody else in the building?” Harry asks, a bit scared. Wanda’s face turns into one of horror, only to get back to relief once Peter shakes his head.
“If you want to, but you got to take this,” he says, taking out a helmet for his motorcycle. Peter takes it without complaining, putting it on and securing it on his head. Then he follows Steve onto the vehicle, listening to the instructions the man is giving him even though Peter remembers them from the last time.
“What? No! Dad, come on, I don’t need another lesson, I get it, alright? I’ll allow you guys to take off the suit and then we’ll burn it or something, I don’t know. Just, are you at the tower?”
“STOP! PUSHING! AWAY! THE! MAN! YOU! LOVE!” Before Tony knows it, he’s rolled on his side until he’s out of the bed, lying on the ground. With a painful sound, Tony turns to look at Pepper, who towers over him on the mattress still looking angry.
It’s familiar, putting on the old suit. Peter is greeted by Karen’s cheerful voice once more, getting the message that he needs to wait so the suit can install some updates. Peter resists the need to roll his eyes at that; he would have thought his Dad would make things that didn’t need so many updates, no?
And through the window, he can see them. Aunt May. Uncle Ben. They look tired, miserable, but alive.
“And they still don’t know you’re Spider-Man?” Yaël was on a roll with her questions, she actually hadn’t seen a thing of the movie yet.
Peter snorts. “I think you misunderstood. Just because he’s clearing up floors, doesn’t mean you each get one. They’re big floors, after all.”
“No I haven’t?” he tries, but he knows it’s futile. Everybody and their mother would know that he’s been crying. The red eyes probably give it all away.
One would wonder how a stupid trophy could mean so much, but the longer Peter thinks of it, the more he comes to understand that Flash might actually have worked hard for the school to get that trophy.
“You miss your friend and you’re trying to go and visit him while meeting up with the guy who doesn’t like you.” Charles finished her sentence.
He had a point there, didn’t he? She never looked at it that way. She surely didn’t feel immortal, with all the cuts and bruises from the accident, aching and bleeding everywhere. Yaël breathed in before she started poking him against his chest again.
“Show me that thing,” Mr. Stark says, pointing towards the gauntlet and the arc reactor. Peter obeys and hands it to him, dropping it back down on the desk and fidgeting his fingers together the moment they were freed from the mechanical glove.
“I’ll make sure to keep an eye on these two,” Gwen assures him then, nodding towards the two next to them. “I’ll guide them back together.”
“Listen, how much do I owe you? Better to get this over with immediately,” he sighs. But just as he’s about to write it down, the checkbook in his hands disappears and is replaced by a green pile of goo. Immediately, he drops it down on the ground with a small shriek.
“You really need to stop doing that,” he complains. Steve ignores him, instead carrying him back into the bedroom and dropping him down on the bed. Then, Steve drops down next to him with a small grunt, eyes never leaving Tony’s.
And at noon the next day, Tony wakes to find a sleepy Steve next to him, and he smiles. Steve, in return, smiles as well, reaching out his hand to get some strands of hair away from Tony’s face.
announce last time that Peter’s pretty much the reason why (though she gave that admission to Spider-Man, so she has no clue Peter knows. Or does she? Nobody knows with her).
“You know, at least we used protection,” she said, while aiming the condom to the bin, just to act all natural about it. She surely hoped she didn’t take the kid’s virginity. “I even had a speech ready for when I scolded you, but I can’t remember if I did that already…” Yaël tried to distract herself from her bigger problems, but she knew Peter and she had to talk out some shit. Their friendship hadn’t been smooth, well it had been barely existing passed few weeks.
. Crap, Tony shouldn’t have signed. None of them should have. They should just have all come together and discussed the best course of action. Maybe they still can…
The next day, she woke up with a headache and a random man in her bed. After Yaël had shooed the man away, she got a text from Fury to tell her that she had been behaving irresponsible, so he would give her even less money.
“Right,” Peter get out, deciding to just continue his journey. He throws himself off the building, hurrying towards the park.
“No, I mean, I understand. I just…” Steve hesitates, reaching up to scratch the back of his neck, seeming even more nervous than before. “I don’t really…
“I have so much to tell you, guys,” Peter admits. “And we have so much more to tell, but… first we should get this suit off, no?”
Peter doesn’t know what else to say, knowing that a lot would have been different hat Mr. Stark known that Peter was there. Even thinking he was Richard Parker’s son, Peter is sure Mr. Stark would have looked out for them.
Yaël never really liked taking a cab. There were weirdo’s out there, driving around, being…weird. So, after Steve said some encouraging words to Peter before he took off again, the two of them stood outside, waiting for a taxi. It was silent for a moment, so Yaël started daydreaming a bit, making mental sketches of the cottage she lived in in a former life.
“Undetermined,” Tony admits with a sigh. “The team knows, I’ve told them a little while back. Rescuing you from the Goblin has been my last act as Iron Man. Sounds fitting, too.”
“While I understand your feelings towards Steve and what happened back in Siberia, I think you should know something.”
“’m no longer on them,” Peter says, raising his bottle up as if he wants to toast on it. Johnny blinks a few more times, a sheer bit of worry still clear in his eyes before it’s replaced by something else.
“Yup!” she threw him a sweet, understanding smile. His family probably didn’t even show up. Or maybe he didn’t invite them at all. However, it was none of her business. Icarus nodded calmly and thanked her. After that, he walked towards one of the guitars in the back of the room and started tuning it. Jay’s, or Icarus’s, wings moved a bit more and more open the longer he fiddled with the instrument.
Surprise, it’s a wedding!: The Stark-Parker-Rogers household receive an invitation to a very royal wedding.
Tony gives him another small wave when Peter passes him by, but otherwise doesn’t pay too much attention to him. Peter doesn’t take it personally; he’s been quite busy lately, and mostly tense.
Steve Rogers says on the other side of the line. Once again, Peter almost drops the phone. He finally pulls the mask off and heads towards the bathroom. If Happy comes walking inside, he wouldn’t immediately catch him like this.
“I’ll try to come back quicker next time,” Steve promises. Peter doesn’t answer to that, because he knows it’s not up to Steve. “You promise you’ll be careful?”
“Yeah, sure!” Yaël answered him with a wide smile. Jay Guthrie, aka was a very modest and subdued guy, with probably more talent than her whole class together. Of course she understood he felt more comfortable playing on his own instrument instead of the ones of the class. As Yaël walked to Steve and Charles, someone, from the stream of teenagers trying to get out of the room as quick as possible, bumped into her.
Okay, maybe that’s harsh. His mother did care. His father, in a way, did too. But… for a long time, Tony believed that carrying the name ‘Stark’ was meant for being incapable of love. Or… no, we’re explaining it wrong.
," Tony responds, interrupting Steve where he was hesitating. Peter snorts at the respond, pulling up his journal and adding another stripe under Tony's name. So far, it's a tie.
A blow went through her chest and made her fall on her back and glide a bit. Yaël coughed and blinked a few times to get away the blur in her eyes. Her chest burned and itched. It took Cap a second before he understood she wasn’t going to get up.
"These are your weapons," Tony says, opening the box and throwing one of the things towards Harry, who catches it without any trouble.
“The others aren’t coming, Hap, I thought you knew that?” Pepper asks a bit awkwardly. Happy shakes his head.
“We’ve already decided we won’t suspend you, but punishment must still be made. Mr. Stark and I have arranged something that will not interfere with your internship, so on the days you’re not working, you’ll have detention for the upcoming two weeks.”
“Don’t apologize,” Tony assures him. “We’ll just wait for Cho and she’ll get you in working condition, alright?”
And Tony hides behind the screen while the first sounds of trumpets starts playing, along with the drums that try to announce his arrival. He knows Steve recognizes the song instantly, and he wishes he could see his reaction. He takes comfort in the fact that he’ll see it afterwards on TV.
“So you’re really planning on walking to the town right now? That takes like three whole days!” Yaël said after a while. She already saw the sun go down.
“You’re like this super smart guy,” Peter returns. When he looks around for a bit he still seems a bit groggy. “I’m dreaming, right?”
. That can’t be too hard, right? It’s probably the biggest building he’ll find here. Peter tightens the hold on his bag and starts walking towards the big building in front of him.
Tony flashes a light smile before showing a neutral face once again. He continues typing things down, humming a bit to himself and then knocking on the desk.
Peter didn’t see the point; he would fail anyway, so he could better just repeat the year, take it all slow. Right now, he better focused on getting better, after all.
“Yes, is that not the custom in Midgardian weddings?” Thor asks, confused. Steve picks up the papers, finding very well-written things talking about how Thor feels. It’s like he could write a whole book about his love or Jane. It sure feels like it, at least.
His thoughts on the whole superhero-business get pulled away when his name is called out by his uncle.
“It doesn’t matter,” Peter mutters, grabbing a white shirt and gently pulling it over his head. “By tomorrow they’ll mostly be gone anyway.”
haven’t caught, by the way – or taken by the aliens. Somehow, it’s those dreams that scare him the most.
After all, he shouldn’t have expected that everything that happened there would just magically fix whatever went wrong between him and MJ. He’s not delusional!
“So, Mr. Stark, are you going to have the crash-site analyzed?” Harry asks while he takes a knife in his hands to prepare his breakfast. Tony takes place next to Steve, putting a comforting hand on his back.
He hears everything happen in his ears. Tony and Bruce flying over to their exact location, followed by Steve reaching them eventually, as well. It’s like watching a movie with your eyes closed, Peter can hear everybody say what they’re going to do, can hear rustling and breathing in his ears. While he passes a look with Harry, the two of them go to stand against a wall, eyes stuck on the empty street in front of them.
Peter, why do you have the suit?” he asks but another part of him knows the answer. It’s so obvious. The way the kid’s voice seemed to sound familiar, no matter how much he tries to shield it away. The way they’re the same height, age, have the same sense of humor. The fact that Peter was there when Gwen Stacy died. The web-shooters…
“Just say it, Romanoff,” Tony urges on. It’s better to just rip off the bandage. If Steve’s hurt, or if he’s not coming back, Tony needs to know.
The day is filled with laughter. More so than Peter could have imagine having after the crappy way he’s been feeling yesterday. Aunt May takes a lot of pictures, and they watch the parade and fireworks in the evening.
“You’ll get what I mean when you see it,” Professor X quickly added when he saw the confusion on her face.
The hour goes quickly. Before they know, they’re back on their places to continue. It goes on, and on, and on. And right when Peter thinks he’s about to fall asleep, the man announces that, if everybody above the age of 18 agrees with the accords, they can put their signature underneath the digital copy. It’s a thing they’ve discussed almost the entire time. Or more; it’s something Tony has been insisting on.
Peter’s phone goes off on the nightstand. Tony looks to the side, feeling Peter stir a bit in his arms. Luckily, he doesn’t wake up. Tony carefully leans to the side to take the phone. After seeing who’s calling, he quickly picks it up.
“And what is this?” the man asks curiously, taking the two things in his hands and observing them deeply.
Tony wins the first game, followed by Clint in the second and, much surprising, Scott in the third. After what must be an hour and half of playing, Tony leans back in his chair and throws his hands up while scraping the seat back.
“Yeah, uhm, welcome in, man,” he says. Happy cheers come up, which startles Barnes a bit. Peter can’t help but cheer out as well, especially when he sees Natasha’s proud face. She takes Barnes’ hand into her own and pulls him along. Tony takes a deep breath before closing the door again.
“I’m, uh,” Tony starts, looking down at himself. All he sees is the cable of the IV lying over the sheets he’s pulled over himself. “I’m alright. Peter didn’t have the phone, it was with me.”
Tony doesn’t know how they’ve suddenly ended up in an airconditioned room. He can only vaguely recall the two of them, running back inside with their fingers tangled together. Steve probably knows his way through the gardens.
Peter gets a report from the scientists at the Compound the day after seeing Harry again. He’s at the tower, tweaking his own bot that he’s forgotten all about while Dum-E is there making sure that he stays hydrated. Tony is somewhere in here as well, but he stepped out a little bit ago to make a phone call and Peter isn’t sure when he gets back.
,” Steve states then instead of asking. Peter closes his eyes, turns his head to the side to look at Tony, who is still sleeping. He takes his hand and squeezes his fingers.
It’s almost nine in the evening when he’s finally crawled his way up to the top floor of Stark Tower. It always takes a few minutes, due to it being a freakishly tall building. The wind’s always a little bit stronger here, too. When he gets to the balcony, he stands in front of the door, pressing his hand against the window and waiting for FRIDAY to respond. When she doesn’t, he groans and pulls his mask off.
First off, Peter can no longer get away with calling him ‘Mr. Stark’ or ‘sir’. The day after the surgery, when the man took a little walk with Peter sitting in the wheelchair, he kneeled down next to the teenager when they were outside, and put it to him simply:
“Harry can start arriving now, he’s twenty minutes late almost!” Ned complains. Peter just hums in agreement, going through his mobile for a bit. Even there there’s nothing new to say.
Bruce is back on his floor. T’Challa is seated next to Nakia on the couch of the penthouse, watching his sister as she explains excitedly how she already helped Evy Ross with the same kind of problem or whatever. Tony’s not sure what exactly happened back there in Wakanda – he was too busy screwing up his liver to really notice.
somebody says though the entire city (or square) can hear it, voice sounding weird. Then, on the screen, suddenly comes a dark creature, sharp teeth coming out of its mouth. A long tongue comes out, the eternal grin mocking him in many ways.
“Uh, old habits die hard. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. Listen, I need to go, the doctor is here.”
“Auch,” was Yaël’s answer. Dammit, she had been so quiet, but yet, her shock and pain had made her unwittingly blow up the water bottle on Peter’s bedside table. “Sorry,” she mumbled as she pulled herself back up.
“Oh girlie, I really was only gone for five minutes to take a wee, but okay.” Wade answered while glancing at the guy who was laying on her.
“I must say, Mr. Stark, it was really fun to defeat you like this,” Shuri says happily. She taps him on the arm twice before nodding towards MJ. “Come, girl, we’re going to get one of those nice drinks they were offering.”
It was safe to say that, if Peter adored her at first, now he literally loved her. Especially when she asked after his health during class, reminding him to take it slow.
Wow, Yaël must have fucked things up before she lost her memory. This Fury didn’t seem close to liking her.
T’Challa is there to greet him when he lands at a private airport. The two men shake hands, and Tony gets greeted with three kisses on his cheeks. He’s not new to that, so he doesn’t pull away.
“How about dangerous?” Ross counters. Wanda tilts her head to the side, Vision lowers his hand again. A sudden uncomfortable vibe goes through all of the Avengers at the mention of it, with the happenings in Lagos still too recent to really be discussed openly. And as Ross starts to go on about a group of enhanced people traveling everywhere while ignoring the rules of foreign borders, Steve finally starts moving. Tony sees him turning his head to the left to share a look with Sam. From the way his shoulders are tensed up, it’s clear that he’s feeling everything but comfortable. That tension doesn’t leave when Ross moves to the side to start up the screen behind him. Immediately, a map is shown.
He talks about his hesitation and the endless talks he’s had with Bruce about the fact that he never felt like he was worthy for being Steve’s friend, how Bruce helped him through it. How he was relieved that he didn’t feel that worry when they started their relationship.
“Sorry, I walked in on Strange. We still needed to have a talk about me destroying his house,” he pardons himself. Tony just nods and squeezes Bruce’s shoulder. He gives the scientist a sympathetic look when Natasha walks to the door.
“Yeah, sounds good,” Peter says, feeling a small thrill of excitement going through him at the idea that he’s going to have his own
“So far your reactions to hearing are about normal, though I’m sure we’re going to need a bit more testing to find out more.” Strange writes something down on his papers before looking back at Peter. Then, he offers him a rare smile.” Welcome back, Mr. Parker.”
“Like, seriously, I haven’t even spent a full hour with that guy and he hates my guts so much?!” Peter complains towards Harry. “Talk about something coming right out of nowhere!”
Yaël took the dossier and looked at it. It said her birthday was on the first of May and that she would become 25 this year. Her astrological sign was Taurus, apparently.
Not that he had never seen her angry before, but still, this situation wasn’t Steve’s fault at all. Guess she just had to be patient about it. With some luck, she’d dream about it that night.
“You do, huh?” Peter asks, crossing his arms. Tony smirks a bit at him, but his eyes look hollow. “Tell me about it, then?”
Steve nodded. Okay, so it was actually no wonder she had been out for such a long time. How the hell did she survive that?! She should’ve been dead! Or at least scarred for life!
“I love you, Steve. And I’m sorry.” After that, he signals for FRIDAY to stop the call. He drops down on the couch, wondering how long it’ll take for him to finally get into bed.
“That’s not fair, Charles! There are people out there who studied years for this stuff and you ask me, a complete art-failure, to teach arts and music education. I can’t even read musical notes!”
“I, uh… I don’t,” he mutters. He scratches his hair, noticing his phone ringing back in his room. That must be Aunt May. She did say she was going to call in the evening…
He recognizes the name, too. Once, when they were very small, Harry used to tell him the stories about his mother. They were nothing extraordinary, really, but he can remember her being mentioned a lot. Emily Lyman. Once, before he started idolizing his father and
“To be honest, I was more taken by surprise by her admitting that I wasn’t really his son,” Peter admits. Tony takes in the frail figure in front of him, sad to see that thick bush of hair on his head so thinned out, but it wouldn’t be the first time that Peter would have to regrow his hair. After his surgery to fix his ears they had to shave it off, too.
“We had a disagreement and he headed back to the apartment,” Tony mutters back. When Rhodey returns with his orange bottle and a glass of water, Tony downs the two little pills down in one go before squeezing his eyes shut. It’s going to be another day full of headaches.
When he looks back up to meet Steve’s gaze, he gives him a pleading look. ‘Please don’t be mad at me,’ it says. ‘Don’t hold it against me.’
“Do you really think someone completely mortal, like humans, can survive an outrageous smash from the Hulk? I mean…”
"A feast it will be!" Thor shouted excitedly and clasped his hands on Tony and Steve simultaneously. "I love you a lot, my dear friends!"
Fury, as always, was stoic. He seemed happy, though, in his eyes. Like he was glad to see the team interacting.
Tony coughed, blushing. "Er, thanks, thanks. I know you do, handsome," Tony said proudly, prodding Bruce with his elbow because he
Tony didn’t answer, he was very busy drooling all over Bruce’s arm, still gripping his cup of coffee like a life-line.
Natasha rubbed Clint's back, pouting. "It wasn't that bad, did you see the combinations between the gold and the blue?" And then she smirked, looking at Thor, "Breath-taking."
"Of course!" Wynn laughed, as if she didn't hold them at sword point a few minutes ago. "Let's go. We can show you our beautiful collection of…"
Steve was still frowning at him; Tony was really bored of his face. Thor, oh larger-than-life and always-smiling Thor, was also very-mad and Tony was afraid of him, as a matter of fact.
"You will be part of something beautiful, Tony," Pepper had explained, looking directly at his face with those sincere green eyes. "You'll have the chance to save people, all around the
Tony knew about the Capsicle Mission – Stark Industries was the one financing it, after all –, yet the last thing he knew was that they'd found a body. They didn't tell him (and he didn't ask, OK, he was busy dying of poisoning and saving his ass) if Cap was alive or not.
"That's the problem, Tony," Steve grumbled with faux patience. "She wasn't aiming for that. It was just a movement."
Then they all were looking at Tony. Fury was furious (hah!) and somehow pleased to know that their fighting skills were at the level of some alien people. Steve was still looking at him like
"So, Cap's with us?" Tony tried not to sound too excited. "Or is he going to be our boring office boss like you?"
, Tony corrected Steve in his mind. "We told them where they were and who we are, as you ordered. Their leader was a little too far from us while we chatted, so we aren't sure if she was hearing us," Steve kept eye contact with Fury. "Thor was giving them a welcome, telling them about how the planet sought peace and offering shelter here—"
"That way you guys can find them," Maria agreed when nobody else talked. "We need to do this fast before they think we did everything on purpose."
Tony brought his hands to Steve's neck, then his hair, and the kiss got more intense. They were communicating, non-verbally, but they were doing it.
– and wasn’t it something? For Steve to try to change strong characteristics of his personality just for him?
At the very, very end, they captured Loki, guarded the cosmic cube, ate shwarma, created some weird bond as a team, and Tony probably found the love of his life, according to JARVIS.
The lady with horns stood up from her big, goldy, chair, swinging her sword like a toy. "What is wrong?" she laughed dryly. "One of your soldiers is a shameless thief. And we don't condone that."
"Everything was fine. The first thing we did was organize,” Steve explained, bright blue eyes. “I told the team to not engage in a fight and to approach with caution. We decided to chat peacefully with the Vanir," the
"Brucie, just Hulk-out," Clint pleaded for the twentieth time since they started to walk to follow Thor.
"We apologise," Thor lowered his head. "It is also a fault of mine. I did not inform my friend that it is dishonorable to take healing plants from this beautiful planet. At our home we have different traditions. Though we know it is no excuse."
Before Fury had the opportunity to speak, Tony did. “I don't see how this is his fault,” he said just as he thought, slightly pissed, pointing at a very surprised Steve.
Tony rolled his eyes. He looked over Natasha to see if she was having fun with all of this, but she was gone.
"I love hearing your voice, sweetheart," Steve murmured so close to Tony's face, looking for a second at his lips, "but it's your turn to listen."
And, yeah, obviously he'd become fond of Steve Rogers too – who wouldn't when it was the only thing your dad would talk you about? When it was the only thing they could have in common?
Tony gaped. He didn't know what to say. "That wasn't friendly." But that didn't mean he wouldn't get to say his point. "She was going to stab Steve in the chest!"
Tony needed to talk with Fury. Was Steve receiving therapy? Is SHIELD helping him properly? Tony had so many questions he couldn't ask; he had met him less than an hour ago, for fuck's sake.
, trying to find reasons to be in the Avengers for the greater good instead of looking for selfish outcomes."
. Tony didn't faint because of pure pride (and now understood why Agent Coulson was radiating happiness when he recruited Tony back in the tower).
For a moment Tony was speechless. The only ones who had reacted like that – amazement so palpable – had been Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy.
Tony paused for a moment – he could see from the corner of his eye SHIELD’s data transferring to JARVIS servers on the screen,
“I don’t know, I was in the shower, but when I came back there was a huge hole in the building. Vision’s really shaken, saying that Clint took her.
It’s weird, going to a wedding with no formal wear with them. Thor apparently insisted on them wearing Asgardian gowns, so nobody really brought anything along. Mostly, everybody’s just curious as to what they get to wear.
Yes, it happened! Tony knows! I wanted to put the reveal at the end of the chapter, but at the same time it would become too long, so I put it in this one instead!
But, like always, there’s nobody he knows or recognizes. That’s alright. The next song plays and Miles prepares himself to get out of the car at the next stop while muttering out the lyrics along with the music. He stands up for the old lady that searches for a seat, which earns him a pleasant smile from the woman. Miles takes out his phone and starts typing down a message.
“Is she alright? Did it work? When will she wake up?” Yaël heard Wade’s rattling even before she had the chance of opening her eyes.
Yaël tried to ignore the eyes that were burning in her back, as she looked at the menu, hanging against the wall next to the cash desk. She could swear someone whispered her name.
May should be here. Steve should be here. He’s not a good father, he doesn’t know how to be a parent. It’s not like he’s had a good example from his own parents, after all. Now that Peter’s asleep, at least Tony can’t fuck him up more than he would is he would be awake. As long as Tony doesn’t have to speak, just hold his boy in his arms, there’s nothing he needs to be worried about.
Once he’s upstairs, in the penthouse, the first thing he notices is the new couch on the place where the old one used to be. It’s a large, white thing that will surely only need five seconds before it’s completely dirty again. A serious miss-buy from Tony, if Peter must be honest.
“Ah, there’s my name-buddy!” Quill calls out the moment he spots Peter. The boy takes a deep breath before rejoining the other people. He walks passed the three, barely even noticing the small ‘Hi Peter’ coming from Gamora. Once he’s standing in front of Quill, the guy pulls him into a strong hug.
His mouth can’t stop talking, and he wishes somebody would just stop his words. Yaël looks a bit overwhelmed with that. Still, she just shrugs after it, obviously not wanting to make a big deal out of it.
Look... I get that this frustrates you, hell it's no fun for me to make such a soup of Yaël's life either. I'll fix it later, I promise.
“Yeah, because it’s so easy to leave me, apparently,” Tony bites back. Peter turns around, pointing a finger Tony’s way.
Lopt obviously paused the memory again, since no one else reacted. Yaël saw the artworks become blurry.
It goes on for a few more minutes. Every time Peter’s close to her, she does something completely unexpected and escapes. It’s getting annoying after a while. Peter runs and jumps and swings as much as he can, but even his new dark suit doesn’t help with speed. Sure, he’s feeling much more agile and flexible than he normally would, but she’s still faster.
“Yeah, I mean, why wouldn’t I? I want everybody to know how hot my boyfriend is by agreeing to do it, you know?”
“What?! Hell no! Eew. My heart belongs to Parker and Parker only, girl.” Wade saved himself with some arrogance. “By the way… I’m going to invite Peter to join us this evening,” he added quickly. Yaël rolled her eyes.
“You have something to say, Rogers?” Tony asks. It’s out before he knows it, but he doesn’t even feel guilty right now. Steve’s been called worse by him in the past.
Everybody’s eyes go wide. Even the youngest person in the group, a girl about Peter’s age, looks surprised at that. He can understand it; he’s an outsider, in a way, no?
“She got banned,” Brunnhilde explained. “She had fought many wars by Odin’s side, but Odin wanted to settle and Hela wanted to keep on feeding her own greed. And with that, Odin banished her.”
During the evening, the Compound is a whole lot less crowded than during the day; With barely any people that do evening work, the only persons in the building are the Avengers themselves – and they are mostly staying at their living quarters during the evening.
It goes on for a lot longer after that, the both of them just shouting their frustrations at each other; Peter mostly for the lack of understanding from his condition, in combination of his father’s. Yaël mostly from the lack of support she’s gotten from him – and Peter really had no idea she took the news of being extraterrestrial so badly. The way she spoke about it in the past always made it seem like she didn’t care that much.
By the time March comes, everybody at school seems to have forgotten about Peter’s wild partying days. They don’t invite him anymore – Johnny doesn’t, either! – and life’s pretty much the same it used to be. The biggest change, he supposes, is Flash Thompson.
“I would have to sign up for the interview, then,” Peter thinks out loud. He can’t believe he’s actually going to do this. “Have another talk with Mr. Stark to get the job… I wonder what Wanda would say about this?” Peter doesn’t look forward too much to talking with the guy once more; which is actually ridiculous since he’s planning on doing this just to get the
Tony said they’re still working on things. Dr. Cho said it was more complicated than they’d thought. Dr. Banner isn’t even there to look things up.
“Anthony Edward Stark!” Steve calls out, giving Tony some shivers. He’s never used his full name before, it actually sounds weird coming from his mouth.
On top of it, there’s another note. Once again, written in a familiar handwriting, Peter feels himself smirk a little bit.
“Hold tight, we’re gonna crash!” Peter warns Yaël, who nods at him and holds herself tightly to whatever she can grab. Peter, with his quick reflexes, still manages to put on his seatbelt as they’re flying in the air. Through his window, Peter can see how they’re right above the old lady, who seems unbothered about it all.
And there he spots the same girl the guy has been with, with only one difference; her hair. Somehow, it looks like somebody has just tossed over some paint over it and forgot a few of the blue spots, but he has to admit that it doesn’t look quite bad. He himself doesn’t really have a thing for brightly colored hair, though.
“You can still believe without a freaking building filled with other believers and weird songs, Steve.” He softly laughed after she said that and let her go again.
“Right, sorry,” Johnny admits. When his eyes meet Peter’s for a while, he wiggles his eyebrows while nodding towards MJ.
Given, Tony would have run away, too, if he had to watch continuous videos of Steve like that, but he would have thought Peter to be better than that.
“Just came back from working out. Wanted to check on you two, see if everything’s alright,” Steve explains. Peter snorts a little bit, but he puts his stuff down.
“You’re leaving now, right? Make sure not to drop any more cities from the sky, alright? And take Wanda with you! She should be on the field once in a while, I think she’s going crazy if she can’t do anything. Rogers, take that suit with you, I didn’t make it just for the mannequin to wear it. Don’t scratch it, it’s worth a lot!”
“Did you have a fight with your dads?’ Johnny asks knowingly. He’s leaning against the doorway with his arms crossed, looking at Peter changing without any shame in him. “Has it something to do with those massive bruises you’ve got on your… everywhere?”
“So, uh, I had fun,” Peter mumbles towards her, feeling his cheeks burning. He can’t even look at her, instead keeping his eyes on the floor. She has nice shoes, he notices.
“I, uh, I got a text from Johnny. He wants to patrol for a bit. I just wanted to let you know.” Peter shrugs while he holds up his phone. Tony presses his face against Steve’s back and pulls him closer to him.
Tony Stark has been a man known for wearing multiple things. Expensive suits, Iron Man Armors, clothes fit for the workshop that are allowed to be destroyed with oil stains and, Steve’s personal favorite, sometimes nothing at all.
Miles waves at everybody who’s looking before leaving the center. He takes the first bus to his uncle’s and stares down at his phone to catch the latest news. He had read about the break-in at Oscorp early that morning but nothing much had been said about it. Now he finds that there are more articles about it, though the one from Mary-Jane Watson is missing.
“I’m sorry you have to see all of this all the time, Peter. It’s the medication, they make him react heavily sometimes,” Steve starts to explain when he locks down the workshop behind them. Peter just shrugs.
“It’s fine, just sensitive,” Peter mutters to him. Johnny gives him a worried look before turning back to the door of the elevator. Is it him, or is this ride downstairs really long? Peter glances to the side before slapping his forehead.
“Jus’ a handful,” Mr. Stark then answers, lowering his head a bit forward until it’s leaning against Steve’s. The Captain breathes out heavily and lets go of Mr. Stark’s face, instead wrapping his arms around him in a strong hug. Then he turns around and looks at Peter.
Tony frowns. “You’re not old enough to drink!” he calls out after them, but they’re already on their way out. He sighs slightly, turning back towards Peter who is already changing into his other clothes.
“Deadpool?!” He groaned. “Out of all people that have to stalk me, it has to be the one who would be able to send me to an early grave.” Oh, so that was his problem.
“No, I haven’t!” he tried to counter while putting his hands on his hips to make try to himself seem more serious about it. Well, it looked more like he tried to convince himself he hadn’t been crying.
“Hey! Sir, you can’t be here!” a nurse shouts. Tony opens his eyes again. He turns to the side to watch what’s going on. He startles when he sees a dark figure standing in the opening of his door.
“Oh, what did you have? The flu?” Peter signed to a coffeehouse. “Want to have a drink or something?”
“Hi, everybody!” Jane greets them all, waving awkwardly. Peter realizes that May doesn’t know the woman, yet, but he figures somebody will at least introduce her. Peter’s not really in the mood for it.
It’s more flexible, more durable. He doesn’t sweat in it, doesn’t get lines in his skin from it being too tight in some places. The lenses they’ve installed on it even help him focus on stuff more than the previous sunglasses did.
“Wade, do you have a deathwish?!” Yaël yelled at him. Wade looked back at her with a bit off-looking grin.
After returning from the presentation at MIT, Tony has done nothing other than research. With the picture the woman handed to him and nothing more than a name, he searched up everything there was to know about this Charles Spencer. Of course, whatever he found did nothing much to clear his conscience. In fact, it only worsened it. Something clearly that woman at the school seemed to have intended when she decided to confront him about it.
“New game?” he asks Steve, who nods in agreement and puts his cards down as well. Clint, Scott and Sam groan.
“Right, I’m not alone in this, I get it,” Tony mutters. “But, to be fair, if there’s an attack tomorrow and everybody’s lacking sleep, then fuck-ups are going to happen. At least a couple of you should catch some z’s.”
Tony snorts. “Kind of hard to do otherwise,” he mutters out. Then he turns back towards Steve, who looks just about miserable. He shakes his head, eyes staring into nothingness.
“I guess because he didn’t understand why I visited Harry…that and I was angry that nobody seemed to be able to cure him.”
“I don’t really know if we actually were together or not,” Yaël said carefully, trying to fix the mistake she just made. “And now we’re not.”
The tension is strong when a nurse comes to pick up Steve and bring him back to his own room – where-ever that is. At the door, Tony can see the officers standing there. They don’t look comfortable at all at the idea that they have to guard the one and only Captain America. Tony wishes they just wouldn’t have arrested him.
“I don’t care,” Steve assures him. “You can step on my toes however much you want, and it won’t make me love you any less.”
May seems to form a protective cocoon over her nephew. Peter doesn’t respond, too deep into his sleep probably. Looking back up at Tony, she gives him a light smile.
“Can you believe it? I risked my job… because of a stupid crush,” she says, hollow laugh following suit. Tony feels something heavy in his throat, because that’s
Tony rolls his eyes, but leans forward and kissing him on the mouth once again. It’s short, but still very much perfect. Especially when Tony then puts his head against Steve’s chest, holding him in a simple embrace. Steve closes his eyes, gently rocking them around a bit.
So I have a problem; there's a Christmas chapter. That chapter, I wish to post on Christmas, which is in 14 days. After this chapter, I have 15 more (the chistmas chap is the 40th). The math is easily made, I suppose.
Another chill passes over him. Peter drops down to the ground and rolls to the side, only realizing a bit too late that he’s showing too much skill here. In an attempt to draw it back a little bit, he purposely stumbles himself against the desk, earning him a headache. Then, something smashes against his forehead, sticking on it like a sucker. When Peter tries to pull it off, he finds that it’s, indeed, a sucker.
Tony just blinks. He knows he can’t speak, so he stays quiet. He just nods at Happy, hoping that he will offer him some sort of explanation.
He falls asleep before Steve even arrives. Meanwhile, downstairs, Peter Parker suddenly opens his eyes, suddenly finding himself cramped up in a way-too-small outfit
Great. He quickly pockets it in his back pocket and stands back up. His knees ache when he does that, but at least it’s bearable. At least it’s not worthy of getting a prosthesis yet. Tony doesn’t think he’s psychologically ready to face that reality just yet.
“Tony,” May says next to him. Tony can’t believe he slept through her arrival. The woman looks a bit tanned, despite only being in Wakanda for a few short days. “Tony go to bed, I’ll watch over him.”
“Okay, focus Yaël,” she said to herself when she saw her reflection in the mirror of her closet before she closed its door. The guy-trouble wasn’t a priority right now. Heck, it will never be a priority. She opened her bedroom door carefully and peeked to see if Rhodey or Vision were walking around somewhere. Most of the time, they were in their room, but you’d never know.
There’s a shaking in her voice, her eyes not quite meeting his. The cold of the room seems to be reaching Tony, making him shiver on the spot.
“I might have realized, in these days that you were gone, that things might have gone a bit too fast between us,” Tony admits. And it’s true, too. They kissed once, and the next time they saw each other they were in bed together! Not that they’ve done much other than making out, but it comes out to the same thing; they’ve been acting too much like an actual ‘couple’ instead of actually working up to it.
There’s still no answer. Carefully, Peter opens the door peeking inside the room in search for Johnny’s familiar figure. Much to his surprise and confusion, the guy isn’t inside.
“Wha- ME?! I didn’t do anything!” Peter says, jumping off his chair and stuttering through his words.
“Wait a sec, what kind of meeting?” Brunnhildeautomatically grabbed the handles of her wheelchair and started pushing her, which was kind of nice because her arms were feeling soar, but on the other side, Yaël was too headstrong to admit she wanted help. She could roll wherever she fucking wanted, all by herself.
“NO!” she yelled out loud, pressing her lips against the opening of the bottle. She threw her head back and held the bottle vertically, making the alcohol stream into her mouth like it was just water. It burned so badly, but she didn’t stop.
“Okay, so?” He was in love with a man, that didn’t make any difference to her. But she forgot for a second where Steve came from, from which period. Steve’s eyes grew a bit darker, she hadn’t seen those blue eyes in this way many times.
She wasn’t mad about that, though, she could use some sleep. On her bedside table stood a bottle of painkillers, waiting for her. At first, Yaël was a bit headstrong and was sure that she could fall asleep without those. But as soon as she laid down everything hurt again. So badly, that it seemed the injuries were never taken care of. Dr. Cho had warned her that because of the many hours her wounds had been exposed to so much filth and bacteria, some of the wounds could stay infected for a little time. Yaël grabbed the bottle of painkillers with one hand and screwed it open.
Next to him, Strange mumbles something through bloodied lips. Peter startles, turning back to the sorcerer.
Peter clears his throat and starts to take his bag where the suit is safely tucked away. Without feeling any shame for taking his clothes off in the workshop, he quickly puts it on. It feels just as amazing as the first time he got to wear it, but now, the moment he puts his mask on, he’s greeted by Karen’s happy, soothing voice.
“Hell yeah,” he says, pulling Peter closer to him and kissing him on the cheek. The baby giggles happily before pulling a wet hand out of his mouth and pressing it against Tony’s face. Great, now there’s drool all over him.
So, instead Peter sighs, drops the money onto the table along with the ticket, and then hurries to the table he’s been avoiding all evening already.
I felt like it was needed to portray that the accords didn't only involve the Avengers. New York is full of heroes after all.
“Alright, now I’ll tell you one,” Peter returns. “How does a crazy person travel through the woods?”
He raises his hand, and Ned and Harry respond in a high five. It’s not really that he’s going to help them to study for the test, but he’ll probably just ask Tony or Bruce to fill in for him. They like to teach, after all.
“What was that?” she asks, sounding a bit breathless. Tony shakes his head, blinking his eyes once and with that opening the locked door to the secure lab.
“Steve, you go to bed, I’ll take over” she says without even looking at Tony. Steve sighs but stands up, giving Tony one last glance before heading towards the door. When he passes Natasha, the woman stops him shortly to give him a light kiss on the cheek. Then she whispers something to him, which Tony can’t hear.
Tony has had no part in that. Thanks to the choice Mary made, Tony has never had any influence in Peter’s life.
Peter already wants to turn back around once he sees Harry’s familiar figure circling around Hawkeye and Widow. The Archer is busy pointing his arrow but the Goblin moves too fast for him and he doesn’t seem to get a good aim at all. Widow is pointing her bites at him, shooting a few times but missing as well.
She doesn’t answer to that, which Tony is grateful for. He doesn’t want to talk about himself, especially about a time when Mary was the most important person in his life, and she was spending hers pretending their son wasn’t his.
instead. As the smoke slowly subsides, Peter can also see Cap standing further away, talking to Yaël in a hurry. He frowns, wondering what that’s all about. But before he can do anything more, he feels a cold shudder pass through his entire body. Something incoming, from his right.
Peter rolls his eyes. He walks up to her and gives her cheek a short kiss. Rhodey looks at him with a grin on his face and a raised eyebrow. Peter waves him off, not liking the look he’s getting there. At least the shower helped him with his headache. It did nothing for the feeling in his stomach, though.
!” LL says, running up to Tony and high-fiving him with a wide smile. Tony, too, can’t keep his smile down. He chuckles lightly before pulling his microphone up again.
Peter is introduced to some people he hasn’t met before, but also to Dr. Cho – who luckily doesn’t recognize him-  and Vision. The latter luckily doesn’t seem to know that they’ve met before – that, or he’s pretending they haven’t.
“FRI, where’s Dad?” he asks, voice suddenly raised. He starts running to the kitchenette, finding more broken shards on the ground. Is that blood? Somebody cut themselves here! There’s a small trail of drops, leading towards the hallway.
Well, that had never been a problem before last night… But she didn’t know how Loki would react if he knew this. Knowing him, he’d act like it was nothing, like it was her life, because she knew she wasn’t the only one he had slept with while caring for each other. But unlike Yaël, Loki was secretly jealous, though he always tried to hide it. So God knows how he would react, she hadn’t seen him in ages…
.” Peter reads, and he almost chokes on his food, surprised at the bluntness. He reads about how happy his father was, and then it’s mostly wedding plans and a few more things on the Spider-stuff. To avoid awkwardness with Mr. Stark, his mother left Stark Industries and agreed to continue her work back in Oscorp. As it turns out, Mr. Stark didn’t take to that all too well, and the two ended their friendship with a fight.
Tony can see quickly enough that the menu, too, has been designed by Steve. Is this whole place pimped up by him? Tony knows the guy did some freelance painting jobs, but it’s almost as if Steve designed this whole place!
Tony doesn’t feel his body anymore. He tries to move, but notices that he can’t. Instead, all he can do is focus on that small picture of Peter. He must have been about five or six when that was taken. He looks happy, untroubled. Far away from the kid Tony met a few months ago.
Only, the moment his locker is closed, he bumps in against somebody, causing for the two of them to land on the ground. The other person lands with his head on an open locker, which must hurt a lot, Peter figures. He quickly stands up.
“I’ll hold it back for a while,” Johnny returns, running to the back of the group and holding up his hands. Peter doesn’t take the time to look at what is happening there, instead getting to the door at last. He smashes it open with his shoulders, causing for the glass to accidentally break. Crap, and that’s a reinforced door. It’s going to be another pricy repair.
Steve doesn’t respond to it. He waits for Tony to suit up at last. When he finally does, his first instinct is to reach out a hand and touch it. When he catches himself doing so, he quickly pulls back, clearing his throat.
And they don’t speak words, because that one last stare is enough for them; they’ll talk about this later. They’re not going to pretend this never happened.
“Okay guys, like this old man says, this is a circle. Just so you know.” These teens had been seeing her and Logan argue for about fifteen minutes, just sitting and staring. For them, this must’ve been the most hilarious lesson they’ve ever had. Logan’s sigh sounded more like a grunt when he turned back to the board. Yaël could swear she could hear him mumble something about ‘this stupid subject’.
“I don’t really know how to bring it up, though,” Tony admits. Steve gives him a small smile and reaches out his hand again, resting it against Tony’s cheek.
FRIDAY reveals. Natasha frowns, wondering what they might be doing there? Should she call up Bruce, try and ask him? For a moment, she hesitates.
“What do you expect me to think about that?” Yaël laughed. This guy was weird but so, so great. Well, as long as he didn’t start throwing plates around the place. That was of course something she wouldn’t forget that easily.
Miles heard rumors about his return, but never really believed it until he saw it. Now, looking at the green figure mid-fight with the red-and-blue hero he feels another shudder going through him. To him, it’s like the world has never really been without the supervillains. He was only a month old when the attack of New York happened, and 6 during the invasion in 2018. While to his parents the idea of superheroes had been something abnormal once, to Miles it’s just the most ordinary thing.
Right when Pepper walks out of the workshop, the door of the balcony opens up to let Tony back in. He’s in the process of putting his phone away when he blinks around and sees that Pepper’s no longer in here.
So they run, both of them. Hurrying outside, they find themselves in the hallway where they see Peter heading their way. Alive, healthy.
“What?!” Yaël felt the rhythm of her heartbeat change due to the panic that was streaming in. He stayed very calm under watching her walk around panicky.
There’s a light shock when Iron Man wraps his arms around Peter, pulling him back up. A small gasp escapes his mouth, and the breath that has escaped from his lungs suddenly comes back up. Out of reflex, Peter’s hands grab on to the metal arms holding him. He closes his eyes, hearing Mr. Stark say something but unable to hear it.
After a few more seconds of Steve pretending to have the time of his life, he suddenly sits up and shouts towards Tony.
“Tony, you should read this,” Steve suddenly says. He taps Tony’s shoulder to get his attention. When Tony gives it to him, he gets a book nudging in his direction. Tony takes it over from him carefully.
Steve tries to make a point. Ross doesn’t take it, countering the statement with the question as to where Thor and Bruce are. No answer comes from the team; a heavy silence at the mention of their friends who are still missing since the Ultron disaster.
Also, yes, I still based Johnny Storm on the Chris Evans version, but just imagine him 18 yrs old instead! A teenager with Chris' face. Teenage Chris. Whatever, you get the point! My Christmas present to you; the first introduction that will, in the timestamps, lead to a long, long friendship (I hope I won't screw that one up!)
“I have some gardening-skills. Just let me tend the plants in this building or some stupid shit like that?” Yaël kept her chin up and her back straight and just stared into Tony’s eyes. His eyebrows flinched out of incomprehension before he cocked one of them, staring back arrogantly.
“The kid still has his sense of humor, even if he can’t hear himself say it,” Bruce admits. His brown eyes meet Tony’s, and the smile disappears immediately. “Tony, I’m not a medical doctor. I can look after the radiation poisoning and try to deal with that, but if you want to know more about Peter’s medical condition, I’m really not your guy.”
“Thank you, Steve,” Peter says, only remembering in time not to say ‘Mr. Rogers’. Then Steve starts driving again, leaving the two of them to wait for a cab. Peter casts a short look towards Yaël and snorts. “So, you’re hungover?”
So after Korg had double checked if everyone was released, he guided them towards the Grandmaster’s plane-collection. Yaël heard the other gladiators mumble when they ran passed windows that showed the arena.
“You’re on thin ice here, Mr. Parker. I don’t know if you care about catching up in school, but there aren’t many more chances the school are willing to give.”
And even if he didn’t, the screen with information he now has in front of him proves it even more. He makes sure to let Peter look along, but Tony doesn’t look at it in detail, only just checking the numbers to make sure. After that, he nods and pushes the screen away.
And in return, all Peter did was being slow and muttering out curses towards the man. What an idiot, he is!
Yeah, it was a long day, but looking at Annie’s sleeping form on the back seat, Tony can’t help but feel that usual fondness he has whenever he looks at his granddaughter. He can’t help but reach out his hand towards Steve, who takes it immediately without taking his eyes off the road.
“If we can get a hold of Thor's Asgardian mead again, we could,” she offers. Then she walks towards a cabinet on the left side of the room, opening it up and taking four large bottles. “As it happens, I might have it here.”
“No way, are you stalking me, lady?” Peter asks, annoyed. He can’t really describe what happened the last time they were together, but it’s not something he wishes to repeat. Or, he thinks so. His body’s very much in disagreement with his mind about that part, he realizes when his heart skips a beat upon seeing her.
“No need to panic, this is… for your own safety.” The man sounded like he didn’t even believe that himself. He was able to follow her pulse on the monitor in front of him.
“I- I will,” he promises. Peter squeezes his hand again and goes to sit back down on his chair, shuffling it closer to Tony this time.
“Well, eh, I can control the four elements,” she explained. Wade jumped up, while clapping his hands, a little bit too excited.
“PETERRRRR PARKEEERRRRR!” suddenly comes out from behind him, the noise filling the whole restaurant. Of course, all of his colleagues are now staring at him, making the clients in turn stare as well. Peter just stands still, knowing full well that the voice belongs to the creep.
Just as he expects anybody to say something, some cold chill passes through him. Something is about happen, and his entire body is aware of it. He tries to say something, to warn Mr. Stark and Mr. Morita about the danger that might be nearing, but then they suddenly hear a loud crash in the hallway.
“Vision, normal people don’t walk randomly into people’s bathrooms,” Yaël said without looking up or making the effort to cover herself.
At last, the door opens one last time. Natasha walks in, but she’s looking behind her, talking to somebody. Peter leans forward, trying to catch a glimpse of who it is. The person in question seems to hesitate, though, lingering in the doorway.
“Looks like we’ll be carrying our men,” she says. Tony rolls his eyes but can’t help but agree. Sure, Steve might be much taller and more muscular than Tony, but he’s no longer that heavy for him. Tony can lift easily enough as long as he doesn’t struggle.
“So let me get this straight,” Tony starts, holding up a hand. “How much money are we talking about?”
“Yeah, uh, sounds cool,” Peter says, only then remembering his current date with MJ tomorrow. “Or, shit, no, MJ and I are already hanging out tomorrow. We’re feeding the homeless at the shelter back in Queens.”
But he isn’t moving at all. Tony gives him a long look before going to the nightstand, and grabbing the monstrous flip-phone to check on the caller.
“You guys getting this?” he asks. The two bots make an affirmative movement. Tony bites his lip, feeling a bit nervous about it. “Alright, let’s get this thing started.”
Tony nods before sitting down, eyes pointed at the two men and one woman that have been taken in. They look young; not that much older than Peter. A sick feeling goes through him.
“He will WHAT?!” she asks in surprise, a bit too loud. Out of reflex she puts her hands on her mouth to keep herself from shouting any louder. They wait silently to hear if Peter or Richard are awake. When it looks like they slept through it she relaxes again.
No, he’s not sure. The thing he felt yesterday – because now it’s suddenly all extremely clear – is seemingly completely gone right now. So how can he explain this to Johnny? Has the guy been feeling something for a while now? Has Peter given him some sort of hope? Is he now going to disappoint him, again?
“Hey champs, I hope you’re not forgetting that it’s school tomorrow, right? I’ll bring you home, sport.”
“Alright, we’re ready to go,” Tony says. “I’m putting the place on lockdown. May, you better get in the observation room with Bruce and Shuri. Things might get a bit rough in here.”
“Oh, do I?” Nilla’s brown eyes grew big of joy. “And what exactly is it that I supposedly know more about?”
Of course she was able to make herself look pretty, and she liked doing it too, but that never felt like a priority. That, and the few times she did her best to look pretty, she ends up drunk in bed with a random dude, or her best friend apparently.
“You’re up to something,” Michelle says, putting her hands in the pockets of her pants as she leans against the elevator, not seeming interested in getting out.
“Alright,” she returns. Then she follows the others back into the hallway. Tony closes the door behind her before removing the suit and storming towards the desk.
Hope laughs before patting Scott on the shoulder. “It’s alright, dear. Just go to sleep. I’ll see you in a bit.”
“Don’t worry, Yaël, I stopped time for a minute for this is only a dream of a memory, you know?” The man behind her got up and walked towards her.
He stares, can’t seem to do anything else. Because Harry’s still laughing, and it’s slowly turning into a whole other sort of laugh. Green fills Peter’s vision. The smell of smoke comes up in his nose. What’s happening?
Yaël turns to him with sad eyes. “He did,” she admits. “But if it’s relationship-advice you want, I’m really not the person you should want to talk to. More often than not I’m about ready to just kill Loki.”
And that’s when it hits him; he didn’t put it in a folder. He left it on his desk. At Stark Industries. Dum-E must have put it away so Peter forgot about it.
“I don’t want the government to know who you really are, it’s different,” Tony counters. Peter sighs.
“Yes, he used to be my friend before, well, the Green Goblin. He was a normal guys, he just had some trouble and… Well, he became the Goblin,” something in Peter’s voice changed, it trembled as he whispered the words: “He killed Gwen.” Yaël turned her head and looked at her friend.
“Everything you want, my dear,” Steve responds, pulling Tony’s hand back up when it starts lowering down. Tony snorts, holding on to Steve the moment he starts driving. They exit the garage fairly quickly, entering into a New York illuminated by the light of the sunset. Tony sighs while resting his head against Steve’s back, looking at the sky around him. Seeing this, who could possibly tell that there’s more out there? Other planets, galaxies… things that want to kill them…
, as in plural. Because unlike Odin and Frigga had in Asgard, as it turns out, Thor would rather have Jane by his side at all times that she wishes so. She will become his queen and will be equally as important to the kingdom as he is.
“So he’s got brain damage?” Tony asks. Bruce sighs and sits down on the ground, passing a hand through his hair.
Harry’s still confused, but he does follow after Peter. Looking a bit awkward walking next to Spider-Man, Harry tries to talk about whatever he’s seen in Paris. Sure, he’s here to cheer Peter up, but he wouldn’t be Harry if he didn’t start talking about how his life has been so far. It’s what makes him Harry, after all.
“And people say that weddings are boring,” Tony mutters towards him. Steve pokes him in the side, and Bruce seems to do the same.
T’Challa gives Peter a knowing look before holding out his hand for them to shake. When Shuri gets close enough, though, she suddenly throws her arms around Peter’s shoulder and gives him a really strong hug. One strong enough to steal the breath in Peter’s lungs.
And so they leave after that. They go to the garage whey they chose Tony’s favorite car. Happy’s with Pepper now, and Tony doesn’t want to disturb him for something like this. They go for the least noticeable car this time, so this one has a roof. Then Tony puts himself behind the wheel with Bruce next to him in the passenger seat.
Obviously it didn’t work that way, as she was constantly stumbling over her own feet. Later, Yaël spluttered the address to a taxi driver. He kept on looking at her through his mirror. Probably because he was afraid she was going to puke in his cab. Or maybe he recognized her, maybe she set his house on fire during that attack. Maybe she killed his daughter. What would his daughter have been like? Yaël imagined the cab driver pushing a little girl on a swing.
That's why after a month of picking up each other’s habits – Tasha eventually started to join him in his morning runs, too –, Steve didn’t worry too much about his friendship with robots, even less if the someone who heard him talking with DUM-E was Tony Stark.
"As you can see," Thor grinned like the piece of shit he was, "Steven is in no danger. You should fear nothing,
that kind of smile. It was the same smirk Natasha made every time before saying something along the lines of:
in Manhattan and a big ass portal in the sky – Tony refused to try to explain everything to himself. He didn't think. He didn't theorize. He was fucking terrified.
“I’m kidding, Cap,” Steve kept looking at him, a smile creeping in slowly on his face. “I’m sorry for, y’know, being a shitty teammate, causing war and for shouting at you. I don’t actually hate you, I think you are pretty cool and lovely despite being a senior citizen.”
, and laughed breathlessly. "I was just wondering if my suit camouflages with the mushrooms," he laughed, "old silly me."
He was about to reproach when Rhodey hanged up. Tony raised his arms, the machine taking apart his armor piece by piece. Steve stood stubbornly over the mini bar that Tony longed for months now, his back facing the counter and his arms crossed, a hint of tension all over his shoulders.
"I love you so fucking much, Steve," Tony rapidly confessed after the make out session. His lips were red and his pupils were blown wide. "You have no idea how much I adore you. I love your blue eyes, and your old slang, your Brooklyn accent and your shoulders. I love that you are a walking blanket. I love that you are so fucking talented and special. You simply don't know how happy it makes me seeing you smile, and laugh and just be you.
"Yeah. You wanna go and meet him?" Tony pointed at the corridor with his thumb, offering Steve a tiny smile.
He knew he’d only get a few hours to be alone before the others came, so he planned to seize the day with a few drinks – nothing more, nothing less.
Steve, with his sky blue eyes watering and a big, dumb smile on his face, took Tony's hand and kissed softly his knuckles. "You already are, sweetheart."
"This was your fault, dumbass," Tasha rolled her eyes. "I'm sorry, but we already knew something was going to happen with them," Tasha said, refusing to look at the Vanir's eyes.
Tony gasped, felt his blood pumping once again, and the first thing he saw where those big, fucking blue, eyes. He couldn’t help but compare them to the stars –
a thing between Pepper and him. The kiss was just the result of their euphoria and near-death-experience. Tony and Pepper were on the same page: best friends, boundaries and cute nicknames.
Then, Steve made a face, sighed and began talking. "We arrived in less than 10 minutes, the park had already been evacuated thanks to Nat and Clint who were there first with the STRIKE team—"
“At ease, Captain,” he said, a big smile on his face. Steve didn’t know if it was genuine happiness or mocking. Rhodes extended his hand, “I’ve been looking forward to meetin’ you. Tony hasn’t shut up about his new friend Steve Rogers for
"Congratulations! I believe you are going to be having a beautiful baby in a year, at least," and she hugged Tony.
Tony gave one last look to Steve – who was already gazing his way, eyes indecipherable – and turned around, getting out of the room.
“It’s alright, Cap,” he said, and then looked at DUM-E’s direction, “Dummy knows I do it, too, right, champ?”
Talking with Rhodey never failed to lift his mood. Tony could always take advantage of their friendship to bother him, too.
sound as if it was opening, and Steve didn’t stop talking with DUM-E because it probably was just Tony with their dinner, and Tony was used to it – to Steve talking with his robots.
The warrior that led them cleared his throat, gaining the attention of the others. Steve smiled at him, so bright, his cheeks red and his eyes sky blue. Tony smiled at him, too, feeling ease spread through his body, like taking a shower after a very intense workout.
“Dr. Bruce Banner, biochemist, nuclear physicist and gamma radiation expert, a pleasure to meet you,” Tony complimented impulsively. “I read your paper on gamma radiation, it was pretty awesome. I’m a big fan of the green guy, too.”
All of them were wearing some kind of armors that looked strong and beautiful at the same time. Tony had never seen such designs and he was trying to take photographs of them with his mind.
Clint opened his eyes comically, and even took a step backward, immediately showing his hands as if they were accusing him of having a gun.
. Just Steve Rogers from Brooklyn. So fucking kind, and full of love, and happiness, always brighting up the day of every single one of us," Tony smiled up at him. "I just want to be yours until my time runs out," he dreamily murmured over Steve's plush lips.
. What?" Bruce took a step forward, pointing at Steve's eyes – his pupils were wide. "Tony, are you seeing this?"
Clint ignored him, still looking pissed at Fury, but Tony saw Natasha's smirk and Steve's little smile.
"And they did?" Fury asked, surprised, finally sitting down on his big chair. Maria was speechless beside him.
Tony smiled at him, nodding, relaxed like he never thought would be possible with Captain America by his side, and left the blueberries on the table, focusing his eyes on the screen in front of him. He remembered why he was there: the cosmic cube and SHIELD. Steve seemed to be still analysing Iron Man.
When he was a few meters away from Tony and Bruce, Steve slowed down his sprint, taking a moment to see the environment, and isolating the sounds around him, including the voice of a very excited Bruce.
," Clint doubled his knees and supported his hands on them, "I feel like throwing up my entire lungs."
And he couldn't find a way to solve it so he jumped down the path of: ‘I'm gonna die so I better make my life a fucking work of art’, by impulsively participating in a professional car race – which he wasn't prepared for, despite his IQ – and nearly dying at the hands of Vanko, another supervillain.
amazing," Steve disheveled Clint's hair, a fond smile on his face. "And yeah, fucking mushrooms," Steve murmured, making Clint laugh louder this time.
Steve laughed. “Yeah, I think this one’s worth 20,” he joked, his hand still over the suit, making Tony smile.
The morning after, he decided to don’t give a shit and ate donuts on a giant donut, which led to the solving of the poisoning thanks to his fairy godmother Fury – who was always in his shadows, goddammit – and Dad's prototype... But then, Justin Hammer had to appear and form an alliance with Vanko, hacking War Machine's system and causing a fucking shit show with his drones at the Stark Expo.
on board, another one roaming around our planet with a brain washed Maria Hill, and a not-so-usual cube, which you were experimenting on… for?” Tony took his phone from the table, going rapidly through some archives, until he found the correct one. “Ah, yes,
First, him being kidnapped by the Ten Rings and coming back home with his new arc-reactory chest – also Obie's attempt to kill him –, then his reckless behavior because,
"We need to offer the Vanir our apologies," Thor carefully aided, always being the brave one, after another tense silence. "I can contact Heimdall and request his assistance."
Steve opened his mouth but didn't get to say a word because the others arrived. Tony let out a sigh he didn't know he was holding. "Thank God!"
He felt Steve's gaze on his neck. The room was suddenly more quiet and tiny, which was totally psychological because the Helicarrier's workshops were massive.
He could feel his face getting red. He was embarrassed for his mistake – it'd been stupid, he knew, just because he didn't listen to some ancient story Thor had told, they now had a diplomatic problem with some alien planet, not even fucking Russia.
Rhodey smiled and clasped a hand in his shoulder. "That's good, man. Best thing is you got Tony by your side to explain everything."
The call to assemble had sounded very early in the morning – obnoxious and loud, thanks to JARVIS. Now, it was afternoon, and all he’d had for breakfast was a sip of coffee and some granola bar Bruce had slipped to him once they were on the quinjet.
Ten minutes and two awful jokes of Clint later, they arrived at what seemed to be a city. People started to appear out of nowhere, looking at them like they didn’t have a permission to be there, which, OK, was kind of true but also rude. Tony was sure they were reading his mind.
"It was difficult the first few days… Felt lonely in SHIELD's quarters," he admitted. "But now it's been three months and I'm focusing more on the good things, like…," Steve paused. "Y'know, microwaves, robots… Wifi? Pretty swell."
“Morning, fella,” Steve raised his brows at him from the stove, smiling easily, his hair still wet from the shower.
"I'm so sorry, doll," he sniffed. "I don't know what came into me. I should apologise to the mushroom–"
Steve opened his mouth, about to respond, feeling his cheeks turn red, again, but then the door did that
God, Tony couldn't imagine waking up one day for his whole world to be gone – he'd probably go crazy without Rhodey and Pepper. He didn't understand how Steve was here, in his twenties when he should be ninety-something, smiling at the nearly
, boss,” JARVIS said smugly, days later, right after Tony talked with him about his new friend, Captain America. “Commonly known as falling in love,” the AI rejoiced.
Steve’s whole demeanor changed. He immediately made his heart eyes, as Tasha used to call them, and he modelled the most exotic smile he had: the grinning one with blushed cheeks.
"Stop hanging out with Clint!" Tony protested. "I don't want to hear those words coming from your mouth ever again."
Just as Tony was going to walk towards him, the lady with horns, who was previously talking with Steve, shouted – at the same time, Steve's eyes traveled to Tony's hands, his smile disappearing.
Tony stopped babbling because he was suddenly pulled over, forcing himself to do a mid-spin. He was greeted by Steve's arms, his chest, and his hands. Steve was no longer with a clouded gaze, instead, his eyes shined like the ocean on plain summer – lingering and full of promises.
"The flying Colonel!" Thor immediately saluted Rhodes (they'd told him multiple times that he technically didn't need to do that) and proceeded to hug him like a big, happy, polar bear.
That wasn’t the end, though. Loki was a God – he wasn’t some stupid Wells Fargo-robber –, so there where some plot twists that made everything more complicated – like things weren’t complicated
And, probably, she saw the hurt in his face – wasn't he making something better already? With the Clean Energy Initiative? With his armor?
Tony's stomach hurt. He’d received a very powerful punch there thanks to the Powerpuff Girls – the meanies they were fighting.
Tony could use his suit and fly to arrive faster, but Bruce didn't want to Hulk-out and Tony wasn't going to leave his friends walking alone all the way to the castle.
Steve blinked. "I… don't know," he blushed. "I just. Feel safe. I– I feel like I could say anything and you won't leave. You never leave, Tony."
It’d only been a month since the Invasion happened. Tony had invited them all to live in the Tower – the
Pepper was a goddess, the goddess of punctuality, responsibility, and organization because even with the whole company in her back, she’d always found time for him and, especially, for her. A born leader, unlike Tony, who constantly relied on his constructed charisma and charm to persuade people, and who failed to balance his work and personal life.
They stayed silent after that. Steve went back to admiring Iron Man – he seemed to be memorizing the curves and lines of the alloy, or Tony could be imagining it.
“Hey, lovebirds,” Tasha interrupted, appearing like the fucking spy she was. “If you please stop, there’s someone you need to meet.”
The robot chirped and began to move in circles, then it advanced a few steps until it was close enough to Rhodey, offering its claw for some petting, which the Colonel conceded.
He advanced a few steps until he was in front of the Vanir with horns, pretending like it was a totally normal situation for him to interact with a person like her and restraining himself to look at the horns in awe. Tony wondered if he could add horns to Iron Man. Then, he raised his hands, offering the mushroom as if it was a peace treaty.
"I... don't know what to say," Steve finally spoke, looking at Tony straight in the eyes, like he finally understood where the conversation was going.
"Vanaheim," Thor repeated. He stood up and started to wander through the kitchen, opening cabinet after cabinet. "A beautiful place close to Asgard where sorcerers and warriors rule."
“I have great news,” Thor took a seat beside Bruce, eyeing at the sleepy Tony carefully and lowering his voice. “Heimdall has found the Vanir.”
"Ugh, don't say sorcerers. Tony's gonna wake up," Clint joked, earning a burrowed frow from Steve, who was serving the plates.
“I spoke with Rhodey,” he blurted, trying to open the conversation. “He called me a dumbass,” Tony pouted.
"It's fine. I didn't hate you until I was like... what? Fourteen? You know, teenagers and their inferiority complex,” Tony rambled. “Howard wasn't helping very much with the constant comparisons, though.”
Tony wanted to apologize again, to promise that he was going to be better – more careful and attentive with the important information –, but what's the point? What was done was done.
Tasha and Clint immediately took their weapons out, surrounding Tony, and Steve and Thor moved away from the rest of the Vanir. Bruce took two steps back, Tony could hear him breathing in and out, trying to ease himself.
"'M sorry, OK?" Tony gave up. "I fucked up. I didn't listen to Thor," he grimaced, "Sorry buddy," Thor nodded. "But still, you guys should've told me – if you saw that I didn't pay attention, why didn't you tell me? Like seconds before the meanie was running towards Steve?"
Something inside him broke. Steve really thinks that? He really thinks Tony doesn't take accountability for his actions? After all this time of knowing each other? After all the shared tears and endless hours, talking about blame and how badly Tony wanted to make things right?
Tony had really hoped that the Avengers Initiative would stay like that – just an initiative. The worst he was expecting was to be called to stop muggers from robbing a Wells Fargo or maybe to help in a fire.
wasn't enough – before all of the more traumatic alien stuff –, Fury had introduced him to the one and only
Tony copied his posture, crossing his arms too but failing to look menacing like Steve’s big biceps. He laughed.
clearly wasn't pleased. However, he gave Tony a tiny smile and shook his hand, his brown jacket stretching around his bicep.
Suddenly, Steve was by his side. His eyes were beautifully blue and his face was shining – Tony didn't know if he was jealous or in love.
Steve frowned, pretending to be thinking, and hummed. Tony arched his eyebrows. He'd never seen Steve so calm and easy going. Even his shoulders weren't that straight. Steve's jaw was relaxed, too.
— nothing is enough and having the constant necessity to prove yourself... That's why I'm sorry, Tony," he finally dropped his straight posture and leaned on the table. "You shouldn't have gone through that and, honestly, I think you realized it
"God of Thunder," the braided woman addressed Thor, "did you also fail to inform your friends about our prediction abilities?"
"You are!" Tony stood up abruptly, becoming dizzy for a second – sometimes he forgot he had the armor on. "You're being all perfect and pretending I am some fucking
"You're the most beautiful fella I've ever known," Steve confessed. "So kind, selfless and smart. You save the world five times before breakfast and have a light in your chest that keeps bringing hope to the world," Steve smiled, caressing the arc reactor, making Tony gasp with happiness. "You've given me purpose; you designed my suit, you upgraded my shield, you throwed me an amazing birthday party just after a few months of knowing each other, and made me socialize with every single person that attended," Tony laughed with tears in his eyes, making Steve laugh too. "The hot dogs were terrible but I loved them because DUM-E cooked 'em. I also loved the big piñata and the playlist of my old favorite songs."
