“You know, you were right.” John murmurs. “This is a better way to warm up.”
“Yes it’s me.” Sherlock says and John eyes his direction. “You said you’ll give me the money today. Yes, yes you did! Look I need it okay! He needs it today and if I don’t have it he’ll k-“ Sherlock makes eye contact with John, then closes the laptop and walks over to the hallway to continue his conversation. John just sits there, looking towards the hallway. All he can hear is Sherlock’s soft but frustrated murmur. Not much later Sherlock walks back in.
He slowly opened his eyes and looked around. Sebastian was not there. Jim quickly turned around and looked in the water. He could see the face of his friend. Looking scared. Screaming without a sound. Two arms wrapped around his chest, pulling him down till he vanished in the dark void underneath the surface.
John looks away. “Let’s just say my father and I didn’t really got along.” Kevin looks at him. “I get it… Well you’re here now.” He gives a small smile and John smiles as well. “You can stay in the third room. It’s currently free.” John nods. “Thank you.”
“John?” Sherlock says and John looks at him again. “Did you really thought he was going to stop when you left?” Sherlock sounds so serious. As if he was talking about this like when you’re talking about the weather. John shrugs. “I don’t know. I was just glad I was finally gone.”
John wraps his arms around Sherlock and kisses him again before cuddling up to him.
Moriarty just simply smiles and shrugs.
“If I may ask sir, what has been stolen?” John has to know. He has to know if it was the amulet or Sherlock.
“I know. That's why Sebastian and I are going to the sea.”
“Is anything the matter?” John asks and Sherlock gets up from his chair, dropping the book on the table.
Sherlock got off John’s leg and they both made their way upstairs. John gives Sherlock one of his shirts to sleep in. “I’m going to take a shower real quick.” John says while Sherlock is changing and Sherlock looks up with a smile. “Mind if I join~?” He asks and John starts to feel he a bit nervous. “Well.. our shower is really small…”
“I have met people before. The people who had captured and sold me, the clients who came by to look and touch. None of them looked away from me.”
“What kind of things are you involved with?” John asks carefully and Sherlock lets go of his hand. It is quiet for a couple of seconds before he grabs it again. “Just some people.” He replies.
John frowns. “What do you mean by that?"
John looks at the man. Is he really offering him a home? Just like that? No. That can’t be right. John looks away and says “I don’t need your help.” The man just shrugs. “Whatever you want. Just know that you’re always welcome.” And with that the man walks away. Leaving John to sit there, confused about what had just happened.
They walk into a small coffee shop and Sherlock chooses a seat all the way in the back. They order some coffee and Sherlock stays quiet till the waitress has brought them their order. He carefully takes a sip and looks John in the eyes.
“I wanted to get out of the bath when I cut myself on a sharp edge. I think you should fix that.” Sherlock says calmly. John grabs the right supplies and shakes his head. “Shit yea, i forgot to warn you about that sorry.” He lets the water run and pulls Sherlock’s hand underneath it. He doesn’t seem to respond at all. John then carefully dries it and grabs a bottle of antibiotics and puts a bit on a rag.
“The company really. I don’t like being alone. Never have. Of course you can’t live there for free forever. You get 2 weeks to find a job, pay along and save up to make a start on your own."
John slowly shakes his head. “I don’t know.”
“That must be the pizza!” John says and he gets up, walking to the door to open it. He opens the door with a smile but his smile soon drops when he sees who’s at the door.
“Are you okay?” He asks and Sherlock nods.
‘Don’t worry about me. -SH’
“Sherlock.” The boy simply says as he opens the laptop and starts typing. Even before John could sit back down the boy groans. “He changed his password…”
“I’ll contact you if I have more information.” He says and John nods before walking out of the room to catch up with Sherlock.
She takes a deep breath before saying “I don’t know everything that have happened between you and Kevin, but could you two please talk it out?” John sighs and puts the cups on a tray before walking over to the table where Kevin is still starring out of the window. He places everything down and sits down across from him.
Sherlock has made his way towards the living room (leaving his wet clothes exactly where he dumped them. So John could clean them up later) and was looking around. He was searching through the bookcase when John walked back in.
John kisses Sherlock’s neck and makes his way down till his navel. Then he sits upright and hooks his fingers around Sherlock’s pants, slowly pulling them off. Sherlock’s cock jumps against his belly. Precum leaking from the top. John looks up at Sherlock who has placed his arms above his head and was looking blankly at him. His chest was going up and down in a slow, steady rhythm. John touched just the tip with his index finger and Sherlock gasps softly. He then wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s length and starts stroking slowly. Sherlock closed his eyes and hums.
John wants to say something else but he got interrupted by the sound of the front doors slamming shut. Everyone stays quiet and a men’s voice suddenly ego’s through the building.
John makes them both a plate and they eat in silence. To John’s surprise Sherlock doesn't only eat the fried shrimps and tuna, but the rice as well.
Missed you this morning~
But someone does. Sherlock reads every single message John sends. Sometimes it makes him smile and sometimes it makes him feel down. He thinks about sending a reply multiple times but he never does. He keeps on reading the never ending messages while he tries to get through the days.
"Because otherwise I will kill you right now." Just after he says that the nails dug into John's wrists even more and he hisses from the pain. The tail starts to get tighter around John's legs as well. Cutting of the blood to his legs.
“You can’t just wear the necklace and transform. It doesn’t work like that.”
Mycroft doesn’t seems bothered by Sherlock’s anger. He still has the same emotionless expression on his face. While Sherlock is calming down Mycroft sits upright. “I don’t know what happened to them. Maybe they went somewhere safe, maybe he got them as well. I don’t know and there is not much I can do about it brother dear.”
He and Kevin talk for a while and Kevin promises him to leave a list of people who might have some work for John. John thanks him again, went for a shower and then to bed.
John can feel a tear rolling down his cheek and he quickly wipes it away. He puts the picture on his nightstand and the rest on his desk. Just when he is making his way downstairs someone knocks on the door. John opens it and Sherlock is standing there. He steps aside to let him in and Sherlock takes of his coat and shoes.
John was wondering if he was cold? Or perhaps he was cold blooded like most sea creatures. His touch didn’t felt that cold when he had dragged him into the water. But that could’ve been because the water was rather warm. Sherlock sits down on the chair across from John and was reading the book. John leans a bit to the side to read the cover. ‘Mystical Creatures’ John read and he giggles. Sherlock looks up from the book, but quickly continues reading again.
“I guessed you were looking for the internet?” John asks and Sherlock nods as he starts typing. He simply types in ‘Merman’. A lot of sites about fictional and mythical creatures pop up and some pictures of drawings with, what people that were, merman. Sherlock just shakes his head and types ‘London’ behind it. Some fake articles now appear about people who thought they have seen mermaids in the Thames. Sherlock clicks on some of the articles and read them quickly. Even before John was halfway Sherlock already clicks them away. It went on like this for a while until the doorbell rings.
"Why would I do that?" John asks, his voice controlled. His hearth is beating fast and he is pretty sure the creature can hear it as well. He sucks in a deep breath, trying to calm himself even more.
Sherlock nods and they both make their way over to the other room. John lays down behind Sherlock and puts an arm around him. Sherlock just stares right in front of him while he listens to John’s breathing becoming slower. He waits till John’s fully asleep before closing his own eyes.
“Cudda just phoned,” John replied, his head feeling as if it weighted a ton, rubbing a hand over his eyes trying to clear his head.
“John, how are you?”
So this was their mysterious killer Sherlock thought and turned his attention back to the here and now, venting his anger would only hurt John’s case.
“Where did you get this,” He asked hollowly as he put down his fork, all interest in food lost.
He rubbed a hand over his eyes; he supposed this was what his therapist had meant by repression. That was not really his experiences of the war but he did not care to think about those memories any more than what was causing his writer’s block.
“Mr Holmes, haven’t told you about us then I take it. Well never mind, we are here for your friend, nothing to do with you.”
As if for good measure Peter hit Sherlock over the head a second time, Sherlock hardly responded this time, just sank to the floor drooping against the wall, to pained to move or simply unconscious.
Sherlock turns back and John glances at him from the corner of his eyes; the man continues to stare into the open fridge as if hoping something would magically appear now that his pity speech had not shown any effect. John shakes his head thinking that there has to be something fundamentally flawed with him when the sight of bare feet is enough for him to start to sweat.
“Lestrade?” John managed to squeeze out.
“You want to pay now?” He nodded at John. “I think you should call it a night. Right mate? I will let you finished that though,” He added when John grabbed his beer glass tight. John nodded fussily and immediately regretted it as the world started to swim in front of his eyes.
John laughed then, a contagious laugh of happiness that rippled through his entire body. Some of the tension he had not known he had been carrying started to unravel and fall away and replacing it was something else, something new. What it was only time could tell.
“They wouldn’t talk; I think they knew who had done it. But they are people trying to make life work. At some point when you have seen enough you just want to forget and move on. It doesn’t matter if it was the Russians doing it or the Russians suffering, people had died.”
She was lying with her arms straight out from her body as if she had been crucified and there was blood pooled around her wrists where huge open gashes still looked red and fresh. John rushed forward, feet turning up dust as he ran over the dirt floor and falling to his knees beside her, feeling her pulse and checking her breath, but to no use. Scattered leisurely around her body where bright newly minted pennies. He shook his head slightly at Sherlock, they were too late.
John frantically forced his fists to close, fingernails digging little half-moons of pain into his palms as he tried to fight what his body was doing to him. His heart was beating frantically in a mixture of dread and excitement as his starved body drowned in Sherlock’s.
Just like the day before that and the day before that. Nothing special, just what life consisted of, a series of days you could not tell apart. He nodded to himself, he was content; everything had worked out for the best. He was better off as it was now, he thought.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock replied, looking away as he reached for a cup of tea, aiming to give it to John. John stopped him, a tight, warm grip on wrist, fingers looping round. When Sherlock tried to reach for the cup, John didn’t let go but held it tight as he tried to pull away. His grip was firm, sending tingles up Sherlock’s arm.
John looked around and realized the patches were on the coffee table, closer to Sherlock than him, “Get them yourself, I am working.”
“Don’t be silly, it is quite obviously the same killer as last time,” Sherlock said before something more considerate could have time to form. He studied the wall where somebody with the dead man’s blood had written:
After he had returned from Afghanistan he seemed to have gone underground, there was no information about him from the last two years. The three dead, Sherlock told him, had been responsible in one way or another for his positioning with John and subsequent dismissal. Apparently Peter had at one point messed up, losing or selling on some cargo he had been transporting. The first man, Barry, had reported on him and that had stopped him working on the smuggling line of the organisation.
The pub was half empty, John and a couple of locals occupying most of the chairs around the bar. A group of teenagers talking loudly at one of the few larger tables in the back. The place was no more than a walk-in bar really, one of those pubs that had bought its entire interior from a catalogue. From the fake old bar, to the fake old beams in the ceiling, and fake old bronze decorations on the fake old wallpaper. It was exactly the type of pub he hated and normally would never set his foot in. Even the beer was some tasteless generic brand. It seemed appropriate tonight.
“Yes off course, that is why we are here after all.” Sherlock had to lean down to scream in John’ ear to be heard over the pounding music.
Sherlock didn’t even deign that with an answer and just hung up the phone as the car approached the last corner intersecting Baker Street. He was almost there. He was out of the cab before it had stopped properly throwing a fistful of money to the cabby not even bothering to count them and ran towards the flat shoving the mailman out of the way as he came up to the door.
“There is nothing wrong with me, my body is just trying to tell me I need some rest and some, eh, private time. A perfectly natural thing.” Even to himself, the last sounded somewhat strained.
The room was a small office type kitchenette, a kettle and a microwave on a counter. A note to clean up after yourself, and not much else. Keeping his gloves on to avoid fingerprints, he moved with caution to the door, laying one ear to the cool wood listening before opening it. It was dead quiet.
Sherlock just gave him one of those wry looks he had mastered to perfection and John wondered how he could be wearing a suit in a place like this and yet not look out of place. John himself had rarely felt as ill-fitting as he did here; thankfully the drinks had taken away the worst edge on the uncomfortable feeling.
He finds himself fidgeting with the collar of his sweater, pulling it up further as if the wool could somehow shield him from Sherlock’s intense gaze, his mouth feels dry and for some reason it does not occur to him to confront Sherlock. As he fidgets with his jumper he can see Sherlock turning his head to the side and suddenly eyeing him strangely; suspicion growing on him so obvious it is like watching a cartoonish grey cloud build up over his head.
“Fine,” He got up and stretched out his hand towards the woman on the other side of the desk. She rose from her seat and shook it.
John was lying on the sofa, limbs all stretched out and a bag of ice pressed to the lump on his forehead. Sherlock stood aimlessly in the middle of the room, feeling like he should do something but not sure what.
“The writing is smudged in a way that only left hand writers do, the shape of the vowels indicates a man who received his schooling in the 60’s. The victims have both been cut on the right side of their necks, the angle of the cut indicates that the assailant stood in front of the victim, however, there is no sign of struggle, suggesting that he drugged his victims elsewhere before killing them here.”
Sherlock shuddered, and rested his forehead on John’s chest. John could feel him nod, feel more than hear the words mouthed on his flesh, “yes, yes, yes.”
“Of course not! There must be a good reason for you to want to get out of there. So I won’t do or say anything that might get you back in.”
"This is where we clean and prepare the fish" Greg says, as he shows John the room. John just got his new job as a dolphin caretaker and is currently being shown around by his old classmate and friend, Greg Lestrade.
He had barely slept last night. Memories kept flashing before his eyes and he has thrown up twice. Sherlock has been right next to him all the time, petting his back and holding him close. Sherlock has got them a cab and here they are, on their way to John’s old home. He never expected to go back there. He never wanted to.
“Where have you been?!” John says as he walks up to Sherlock who looks up from his phone. “I had some things to do.” Sherlock answers calmly. “And then you can’t even text me back to let me know you’re okay?” Sherlock puts his phone back in his pocket and looks John in the eyes. “I have something to discuss with you.” And with that Sherlock wants to walk away. But John won’t let him. He grabs Sherlock’s wrist and pulls him back to face him. He presses him against the wall and gives him a kiss. John could feel Sherlock relax underneath him and he lets go of his wrist, bringing his hand up to Sherlock’s cheek.
They’re on their way to the address that Sherlock received. The cab ride was quiet. John has a bad feeling about all this. They’re going to a person who managed to capture and hold hostage god know how many mer-people (John still hasn’t decided how to call Sherlock’s kind.). And they’re going without in without anything to defend themselves or a plan. He looks over at Sherlock. The man is starring out of the window as if he’s daydreaming. But the couple weeks John had got to know the man he knows Sherlock’s not daydreaming. He’s thinking. Maybe even of a plan.
“We could watch a movie.” She says in a sweet voice and John nods. “That sounds nice."
“Yes.”
Sherlock sighs. “The kind you don’t want to be involved with.” He says softly and he intertwines their fingers. John softly squeezes Sherlock’s hand, which was resting in his own. “Is there anything I can do to help?” He asks and Sherlock shakes his head. “I’ll figure it out.” He trows away the cigaret.
He walks over to the changing room. They always keep some spare clothes for interns or if someone forget theirs. He guesses Sherlock size and walks back with the clothes. When he gets back, picking a lock for the third time in two days (god he felt like a criminal), he sees his jacket lying on the ground underneath the stairs. He slowly walks up to the reservoir and sees Sherlock in the water. Lying on his back and just floating around. John walks up the stairs and Sherlock opens his eyes and turns his head towards him.
Sherlock just turns around, pulling the blanket almost over his head. “What is the problem, it’s not like I’m going to kill or rape you or something. I just want to sleep.” John wants to say something back, but he can’t. He doesn't know what to say. He stares at the back of Sherlock’s head and slowly lies back down again. He softly mumbles ‘Sorry’ but Sherlock did not react. It takes John a while to fall asleep again, but when he did, he fell in a deep sleep. An endless black void.
"I guess yea..." John says, still holding his eyes fixed on the door.
John takes a deep breath as he tries to stay calm. “After two year? You decided to come over for my birthday after just disappearing for two bloody years."
“John, what happened…? Sherlock said you guys visited your parents.”
“You keep looking at me like this.”
Sherlock walks back down the stairs and now it’s his time to freeze. John is sitting on the ground with his head hanging. There is blood on his shirt and hands and the gun is laying in front of him. His father is with his head hanging to the side and a bullet hole right between his eyes.
Sherlock lets his hand fall down the side of the bath and John grabs it, holding on tightly. They sit like this for a long time. Someone knocks on the door but John ignores it. He has closed his eyes and all he wants to focus on right now was Sherlock’s hand in his. He is breathing slowly and as he did he can smell the sea. He opens his eyes when he hears someone gasp. A maid is standing in the doorway, looking at them while holding Sherlock’s clothes. She puts the clothes down next to the sink and quickly turns around.
“Lost your tongue or something?” The man asks, still with that smile on his face. John puts the coins in his pocket. “What do you want?"
“Fine, just be careful okay?” She says and Jim nods while putting on his rain boots.
He hasn’t even finished that last word before Greg starts talking. “John! where are you? Are you okay?”
“Keep the change.” He says with a smile. The boy thanks him and quickly walks away. John grabs some plates and cutlery from the kitchen and brings it back to the living room together with the food. Sherlock was still staring at the laptop. When he still didn’t respond after John had put everything down, he grabs the laptop from Sherlock and puts it on the other table. Sherlock protest but then noticed the food on the table and he went quiet.
“What’s for breakfast?” He says.
It felt oh so good, like this was how it was supposed to be. His hands stroking John’s hair as their mouths explored each other. John’s lips were hard and dry and he tasted like iron or blood. Sherlock let his hands move over his chest, feeling his body through the shirt; heat radiating through the fabric. John had his eyes closed and Sherlock kissed his lips, the line of his jaw, and trailed kisses down his neck hearing John’s breathing hasten. It was absolutely intoxicating.
When John made no move he sat himself carefully down on the edge of the sofa, long legs folded under him, “John?”
“Don’t you dare move Doctor,” The last was said in a sneer, as if it was an insult thrown at him. John put his hands back up.
Honesty, bah! Just see where that had gotten him, scaring Sherlock into running away. But then, in the long, dark hours of the night when he had waited for Sherlock to get back he had to wonder if there hadn’t been something there. Sherlock hadn’t seemed shocked or angry, just... afraid maybe? John wasn’t sure; surely Sherlock had no concept of fear?
“Why, what do you mean?” John was intrigued, what did he mean by that? Surely Sherlock, if anyone, didn’t want somebody looking after him?
They manage to get down to their underwear as the back of John’s legs hit the bed. He stops for a second, his hands coming up and holding Sherlock’s face in place and he just looks at him.
The corpse in front of him was everything but fresh, the doctor in him told him the man had been lying dead in water several days at least, rigor mortis was long gone and decomposition had started. The man was lying on a thick sheet of plastic the Metropolitan police had placed under him. John knelt down in front of it; at the same time taking temporary cover from the English rain under the baldachin placed to protect the body while the officers of the law gathered their evidence and took their pictures.
Sherlock didn’t answer and Sara shook her head in pity at John.
“You are wet,” he said.
“You can call me Sara if that pleases you,” She smiled towards him, a perfect row of even, white teeth showing between her red lips. In no way did the smile reach her eyes which stayed fixed, looking, gauging him.
“I found you. Shall we get you home?” John didn’t answer, he just slid down his barstool and had to grab Sherlock’s arm to stop himself from keeling over, “Sureletsgo.”,
“I am sorry I doubted you,” He said to Sherlock, and he truly was.
Reluctantly he crawled out from under Sherlock, whispering to meet him in bed. He was as fast as he could, grabbing a condom and lube in his bathroom and working himself open with two fingers from the start. It would hurt, but that was more than ok.
Sherlock continued his deductions, his mind ablaze as he connected the pieces of the puzzle, each revealing itself slowly before him, “The victim might have been killed here but was most likely picked up somewhere else; you see that stain on the left trouser leg?” John bent down, glowed fingers pointing at it, not touching, as Sherlock waved towards it.
He tried to reach out to help Sherlock up but was stopped by the cold metal of the double barrel aimed at his forehead. The holes in the barrel were black, black as death.
“Don’t let the crazy psycho killer spot you, easy for you to say,” John muttered to himself as he started towards the stair but it got drowned out in an ear deafening roar as hundreds of people shouted in approval to something the DJ had said over the speakers. The frenzy reached new heights as people threw their arms up in the air and the beat started up even more intense than before. He managed to escape the dance floor just in time; one more second and he might have been lost in the delirium of the crowd forever.
As he realized that he was fighting a losing battle Sherlock straightened up.
He sighs and puts the note away rising to gently put the expensive sweater down before deciding that this was as much as he could take in a single day and goes to bed.
For a moment the world went white. Every colour bleached from his surrounding into nothing, drowning out both sight and sound.
“But John, won’t you please reconsider this.”
“Yes it was. We are good friends but nothing more. I know that,” Was he asking if John knew that too? He supposed he did know it, just for a short time he had whished for something more. John did what he should have done from the start; he buried those feelings far, far down, locked the door on them and threw away the key.
Sherlock breaks away, burying his face in John’s throat, his breathing coming fast and irregular. His hand push in between them and John meets him there and they grab both their erections together. Frantically and uncoordinated they both start to push up and down, John’s hand over Sherlock. They soon get into a rhythm and as John feels Sherlock’s slick, hard dick against his and Sherlock’s hands on him he moans, “Sherlock,” and then he is coming, hot white strand shooting up and covering their chests and subsequently Sherlock is right there with him, biting down hard on John’s collarbone as he comes, a muffled cry wrung into his skin.
He wondered if he had intended all along to come here today? Maybe his conscious mind had left it to his unconscious to sort out the details. He had tried to tell himself that he did not know which day it was, but deep down he had known it even before he woke, in his dreams.
“Like you have been hit over the head with a small blunt instrument, probably a police baton, by someone either slightly taller that you or hovering above you,” Sherlock answered and said nothing about tousled hair and glittering eyes which made a familiar warmth spread in his stomach. In response John laughed, one of those laughs which involves the whole body and was absolutely contagious to everyone around. Sherlock smiled, glad John was here and not tied up in a dark room somewhere, or worse.
Lestrade thanked the brothers and quickly summarized his own role in organizing the raid and thereafter nodded to all inside declared the meeting over.
Sherlock was standing in the big bay window, back to him, playing some erratic tune on his violin. His posture straight, neck gracefully bent to allow his head to rest upon the instrument.
“Of course,” John answered. Streams of water making infinite patterns on the window, ever connecting and separating. Who knew where they would go next?
He turned to go and thought he heard the landlord snort and whisper, “Drunk in a pub when he could be home with that,” under his breath but John just took aim at Sherlock’s back and left.
Sherlock takes the gift and smiles at him and it just kills John, the smile is happy and almost childlike in quality and John suffers a minor heart attack as he forces himself to sit still and not pull Sherlock into a hug and kiss the living hell out of him.
“Ok, we go this way. I have already scouted the building,” He waved at John to follow him into the alley behind him. Once the decision was made he wasted no time.
Sherlock was looking at John. In some ways he was always looking at John.
He stopped on the doorstep, one foot on the stair and one on the street, not daring to take the final step in the end. He placed his hand up on the smooth wood of the door. It felt almost warm under his chilled palm. For a heart-breaking moment he let everything come back to him, all the memories that he had spent the last two years trying to forget about.
“Why not?” John asks, willing to take any possible path to get them talking about something safe and disperse the thick blanket of tension in the room. If he could only get Sherlock to talk about severed heads, the possibility of killing a person solely from common household products or..., well John would take just about anything right now.
“Girl trouble I bet, well I have been young once, don’t let an old lady stop you Doctor.” John almost thought she snickered slightly at that.
After a small, black painted hallway he entered a more dimly lit and quieter part. Music still streamed out of hidden speakers but it was slower, less aggressive and the bar less occupied. The ceiling was low giving a small and cramped feeling and no one was dancing. Instead people stood in small clusters talking or lounging on big sofas. He slowed down; eyes trying to see in every direction at once, but the place looked like a maze; pillars and walls making it impossible to get an overview. He started off in a random direction, swearing to himself, how was he supposed to find the man in this?
As he reached floor number six the staircase ended. Sherlock stopped; according to the plans he had seen there should be a door here leading to the final stairs. In front of him was nothing, a blank wall, white painted and plain. Sherlock would not despair, would not give up. He would find John, there were no other options. Sherlock could be relentless, it was one of the reasons why he was so good at what he did.
He took another sip of his drink as he affixed a bland look on his face, suitable for someone seeing the man for the first time. He threw the picture down with a dismissive flick of his wrist and turned to Sara.
“It’s ok Sherlock, I’m ok.”
John nodded and mumbled something in agreement, his mind busy with other things. Just before Mrs Smith had arrived Sherlock had texted him, telling him not to wait up. John pondered what he could have planed which he was not telling him about. Something was going on; he felt it so bad he could taste it.
In minutes his hair was soaked through and lying flat against his skull and he could feel the damp slowly but surely creeping in through the leather of his shoes. As he crossed the last intersection, entering the right side of Baker Street he suddenly stopped dead in his tracks.
He could see the door a few houses down, it was still green. He had not been here in a very long time. He still met Mrs Hudson occasionally, but always somewhere else, a restaurant or a café. They met and talked about the weather, John’s job, or politics. Just not about him.
As the door slammed closed, John woke from his uneasy sleep on the sofa. It was far from a pleasant awakening, his neck and back was stiff from sleeping on the too short furniture and his head hurt like hell. He felt gingerly with his hand over his forehead, it felt too large, the skin all stretched out over a massive lump.
It wasn’t even as if he was very invested in the case, it was strange but he wasn’t. After all, really, it had to be a joke or something, he was just a normal bloke. Normal people, people like him, didn’t have enemies. Extraordinary, special people had enemies, people like Sherlock. He was just John Watson and he had a sneaking suspicion that he had just been walking around waiting for someone to say, “Surprise!”
John stared into the bottom of his pint glass; it was empty. He wondered dimly how many he had finished but quickly abandoned that thought and waved at the bartender for another. If he could still think, he wasn’t drunk enough. He needed, for just one night, to forget about everything, loose himself in the fog of the psychoactive drug.
Behind them ran the men clad in dark, any other features was lost in the speed and the sparse lightning. It was as if they shifted to and fro existence as they reached and moved on from the pools of light cast by the yellow street lights.
“It was just business, nothing personal,” She tried.
In a mad chase against time they had caught him just as the former pugilist was boarding a ship to Santiago. John could still feel the salty breeze against his face; hear the blare of the foghorn and see Sherlock’s straight back and his scarf flaring in the wind as they ran along the pier.
“John, you are clearly not listening to me,” Holmes had stopped his pacing and looked at him annoyingly.
“No sorry I’m not Sherlock, you were saying?”
Today it was about how young people today lacked respect for the elderly, something he was quite sure wasn’t really anything which had changed all that much, it was just something young people didn’t notice until they were old themselves and therefore assumed had been better in the past. Interrupting her was, however, not a good idea, and she was just lonely after all.
“John, good to see you in one piece,” Sherlock looked as calm and perfect as he always did, but then John’s perception was slightly flawed at the moment.
Finally! Sherlock clicked the safety off the gun and mentally counted to five and then sprang into action. He thought he heard someone swear behind him but he was sure the cretins would follow him anyway, he might have been ordered to bring backup but they had been ordered to keep him safe.
For months it had haunted his every sleeping hour and infested his waking life. Now the dreams came more seldom and when they did they were often intermingled with memories of deserts, battle, and wounded flesh.
-oOo-
“But, why now?” John asks. He knows he should let it rest or at least let it wait until afterwards but he also knows that he won’t feel perfectly certain himself until he is sure Sherlock wants this.
Why were the killings so different. The first one, so cold. The lack of blood and the dumping in the river in stark contrast to the other two, all blood everywhere, speaking of anger and haste. Certainly, a razor or some other sharp blade had been used in all murders, a scalpel maybe? The cuts had all had that surgical precision so it had to be the same man. Finally, why did John seem absolutely clueless, surely an enemy like that you would remember?
Calm again, John shivered and pulled his jacket closer to stop the ice cold wind trying to sneak its frosty fingers in between the collar and his neck. It was drizzling and everything was a miserable grey, washed out colour. The dead body was no exception.
When he enters the chaotic mess that is their sitting room, Sherlock is lying outstretched on the short sofa, coat still on and a thin dusting of white snow in his hair; slowly melting. John puts the second cup down in front of Sherlock and sits down in his customary worn but comfortable armchair; opening a newspaper.
John’s calm presence had become something he could count on; a friend –his friend. He would not let other feelings take over, he would not scare John away because he needed him. It itched to have to admit that he, Sherlock Holmes, would need someone when he had spent so long pretending the opposite; but he did need him. He was through pretending otherwise. He would protect John; keep him safe. Even from himself.
“You are not.”
“That seems ill advised,” Sherlock replied distantly as he was studying the writing with his loupe.
John was lost to his memory, face warm from the sun, eyes squinting in the glaring light.
“He is going up the stairs now.” And John saw him, a nasty looking fellow, closed cropped hair, crooked lips and ears that made him look like a pugilist who had taken one beating too many. Moreover, he was wearing too much compared to the average club goer.
“No,” he said calmly, refusing to look at John. How could he not see that this was his fault, he should have seen this coming. If he had been better, faster, stronger then John would not have been taken in the first place. He had let his feelings cloud his perception.
“No, no, no,” He repeated as a prayer as he fell down besides the lifeless body behind him. He turned him carefully over, blood smeared across his dark curls, smoke rising from his chest where the shotgun had hit at close range. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his skin pale as ivory.
“No,” Sherlock replied, “We need to know the connection between the two victims.”
He realised that this running was utterly pointless and felt a bit ashamed, he needed to stop and make a plan, he needed to think. He returned to the flat and waved off Mrs Hudson yet again and started up the stairs.
“If you would just stop and listen,” She shook her head and muttered something that surely wasn’t a bad word? “I have the address you see, the one he ordered the cabby for.”
-oOo-
He shouted at the top of his lungs as he lounged forward, “Sherlock, run!”
He let his gaze stop at John, studying him intently, from the blond curls on his head and weather beaten looks to dark blue button down and brown leather shoes. Here, Sherlock idly thought as so many times before, is the greatest mystery of them all. John should be freaking out, yet he was not.
At the next pass Sherlock finally spotted something, an anomaly which didn’t fit the pattern. With two rubber clad hands he gently spread the dead man’s toes and there it was. At a passing glance it looked like a birth mark between the second and third toe. If it hadn’t been for both corpses sharing the same birthmark in the exact same place, the odds for that was about 1:1357000 and therefore highly unlikely Sherlock concluded.
“You should thank Sherlock,” Lestrade said and nodded towards him, still gently rubbing his hands up and down John’s arm.
He throws the blankets off freeing his constricted limbs in an attempt at cooling down. Before rising further he pushes a hand into his trousers and jerks himself off, the knuckles of his other hand shoved into his mouth to keep any noises down. He very purposefully tries not to let his mind wander to a certain tall, lithe roommate of his. It does not work of course and he might have come, panting hard biting down on his hand, to a brief, fantastic image of Sherlock on his knees.
The landlord dropped the bill in front of him and went over to the table with the rowdy teenagers. John had to try three times before he managed to get his wallet out of his pocket; he had to lean his elbow on the counter to be able to fish it out of his trousers without falling off the barstool. The small triumph at his success was soon replaced with befuddlement as he opened the wallet and realized that it was empty. Not even a single pound. He fiddled with the small compartments trying to find his credit card until he remember that the manager in the pub before this had cut it up in front of him.
Why was he here, today of all days? Perhaps the only day he should not be here.
He continued, trying his best not to stare at the people in various states of undress standing about. On one occasion he was sure he spotted the man ahead of him, dark polo shirt just disappearing behind a corner but when he ran up, he couldn’t see anyone. It was starting to freak him out and suddenly it struck him that perhaps he was being toyed with. Was the murderer leading him on in this dark maze, did he know he was being followed? In this place no one would hear him scream.
John dared another look behind him and realized they were getting away when Sherlock grabbed his arm and pulled him through some winding narrow alleys, dark two storied brick buildings surrounding them on all sides. Finally he pulled him in behind a dumpster, the corner was small and the light was out clouding them in darkness. The moment they stopped, John realized he was exhausted, his legs almost wouldn’t keep him up, felling like jelly and he was desperately pulling air into his burning lungs. Sherlock motioned at him to be quiet.
John realizes that by now he has probably passed the limit on observing and gone straight into creepy staring. He doesn’t look away though; he has few opportunities like this. Most of the time Sherlock catches him looking immediately, meeting John’s eyes with an unspoken question shown by a raised eyebrow. John always stops and turns away to hide the blush that more often than not unbidden creeps up on him.
He looked around, letting his eyes sweep over the open space, where would they have taken John? The foyer was empty except for some builder’s tools spread out on the dirty floor and a pile of old toilet bowls stacked against the wall. The elevator was out since power had been cut to the building but the staircase led both up and down; illuminated by an eerie green light from the emergency exit signs. Up or down? Sherlock thought. Up he decided and moved to the stairs.
“You are angry,” Sherlock said as John helped him out the door, one arm wrapped around the wounded man, and into the rain. John didn’t answer, keeping his eyes focused on the uneven floor, jaws clenched shut.
John said, “It looks like mud, but there is only a stain on one leg, not both. Surely if he had been walking on his own there would be mud on both? God knows the weather is bad enough”
Sherlock came up to the table, John watching him like a shadow in the corner of his eye. He put something on the table in front of John and for a second John forgot himself and glanced up at him, something lurched and raved behind a locked door but what we ignore can’t hurt us John thought. He tore his eyes away and instead picked up the photo Sherlock had placed on the table as he dipped bread in sauce and stuffed his mouth full.
“Well then Sara, you can call me Sherlock.”
“Surely John, the need has passed,” Sherlock waved his arm in the air, not looking up, the finger on his other hand casually trailing the rim of his mug, tip coming away wet from condensation, “We are both alive and well and it seems we will be so for the foreseeable future,” Sherlock’s eyes briefly met his, begging him to leave it be.
“What happened to them?”
John laughs. “It’s not a big deal, really. I don’t think i’ll do anything. I don’t got the money anyway."
In the morning John gets out of bed to make himself ready for work. He takes a shower and when he walks too the kitchen, Sherlock is standing there.
"Everytime I asked him about it he would wave it off. Like he doesn't want me involved. I've also haven't heard from him for over a month now." John sighs and he looks down.
“I have one question though…” Sherlock says and he gets closer to John. John looks at him curious and Sherlock whispers. “Can I kiss you?” John’s cheeks became bright red and he doesn’t move. Sherlock stares him in the eyes and John slowly leans forward. “I take that as a yes then.” Sherlock says with a smile and closes the distance between them and presses his lips against John’s. The kiss seems to be forever. John just closes his eyes and let’s Sherlock take the lead. Eventually they break away and lock eyes again. John grins widely.
“W-what are you doing…?” John pants slightly. He doesn’t let go of Sherlock yet, just puts some distance between them.
John smiles and reaches out to touch Sherlock. He slides his hand over the boy’s chest. It’s so soft, so innocent looking, so young…. Wait...
“As far as you’re concerned? So it might change?” Sherlock asks.
“Wh-?” John starts, a bit confused. “I’m not involved. We we’re just having dinner.” Kevin shakes his head. “No you were not John. I can see something has happened between you two.” John wanted to talk back but Kevin interrupted him. “I don’t care what it is. I’m just warning you. Sherlock really isn’t the guy to get involved with.” John stares at Kevin for a while who was looking serious. He gulps and nods. “Okay, I… I’ll look out."
Kevin looks confused at him and John crosses his arms. “Molly wants us to talk so go ahead.” John says. Kevin looks over at Molly before looking back at John.
Okay i tried the 'reading out loud' someone in the comment suggested and changed some things. I hope it's a bit better now :3
John swallows his food. “John, John Watson."
He arrives at the building where the manager’s office is placed. The whole building is dark except for the hallway where the janitor is cleaning. John walks in and makes a lame excuse that he forgot something in here. It doesn’t even seem like the janitor cared and he just continues working. John makes his way through the dark hallways and when he arrives at the manager’s office he finds it locked, of course.
“So you just thought you could crawl in bed with me?!” Johns voice came out louder then he intended to.
“I can’t wait to get home.” Greg says with a sigh while he puts on his shoes. “I’m going to order Chinese and just stay on the couch all evening.” He looks up at John, who is grabbing his stuff from his locker. “Hey why don’t you join me? You got no where to be right?”
Sherlock sighs “Fine.” He says as he takes a step forward towards Moriarty.
John sit down in front of Sherlock, placing the clothes next to him. The man looks a lot less dangerous in this form. He doesn’t have long, sharp nails, sharp fangs or a tail that can snap John in two. Still, John is careful around him. He doesn’t know anything about this man so he doesn’t know what he’s capable of. But John wants to get to know him better.
“I’m sorry sirs.” She says softy and John can see her ears turn red. John smiles and gets up, grabbing his wallet. “It’s fine, don’t worry about it.” He says as he holds some money over the girl’s shoulder. The girl takes it, thanks him and walks out of the room quickly. John turns and walks back to the bathtub.
“What can I get you?” He asks coldly while holding up his notebook and pen.
“Okay, first things first. Do you have a name? Something I can call you?”
“Look John. Just try to not get involved with him. It’s a bad world he got himself in.” John looks up at Kevin and notices he looks really serious. “I won’t.” John says and Kevin smiles a bit again. “Good, I don’t want you to walk the same path as he did."
“Wait…” John says as he pulls back his hand. “How old are you?” He never got the change to ask him. But like this Sherlock looks young.
He looks at them one by one and smiles. Most of them are just John trying to take pictures of him and Sherlock and Sherlock trying to avoid it. He suddenly stops when one pictures comes up. He bites his bottom lip as he looks at it. It’s a picture Sherlock took of them while they’re laying in bed. Sherlock is actually smiling in this picture.
Sherlock takes out his phone. “If everything goes alright it’ll be dealt tonight.” he says and the woman smiles. “Thank you.”
“O-oh, I think you’re right…?” John slowly says. He did indeed have forgotten to put the fish in the fridge.
His father is tied up to a chair in the middle of the basement. He’s wearing a blindfold, headphones and he has a cloth in his mouth. Sherlock walks over to him and turns to look at John. “You’re ready?” He asks and John nods. Sherlock removes the headphones and blindfold from John’s father and the man blinks a couple of time before locking his eyes with John. It was a long, silent stare until John walks up to his father fast and hits him on the cheek. The man was groaning and John pulls out the cloth.
“John, I need you to promise me to not get mad.” He says seriously. John frowns and nods. “Sure, what is it?"
“I see..” John says and he starts thinking about what could have caused the boy to leave. maybe he went back home. Or he found some place else to stay. But then he would have told Kevin would he not?
Sherlock gives a small smile and leans forward, pressing his lips against Johns. John doesn’t move. He just closes his eyes and lets Sherlock do whatever he wants. He was tired and just wants to sleep. He eventually finds himself kissing back. Sherlock is wet from the water and water drops from his hair fall on John’s face. Sherlock starts to slide his hands under Johns shirt, stroking over John’s side and eventually letting his finger slide over one of his nipples. John softly moans. Sherlock grabs John’s shirt, pulling it over his head and tosses it aside before pulling John towards the bath.
“What about a place to sleep? You got a backup plan?"
“It does’t look that way. I just want to help John.” Kevin tries but John just stands up and walks to the front door. When he gets outside he walks over to Sherlock who’s sitting on the ground against the wall, cigaret between his lips. John sits down next to him and Sherlock leans against him.
When he comes back the green light on his phone is blinking. He sits down on the bed and unlocks it.
It feels good to sleep in a real bed again. He went to homeless shelters from time to time but the beds there weren’t that great. It didn’t take John long to fall asleep.
“He’ll contact you eventually honey.” His mother says. “What he did for you isn’t something that everyone would. Just give him some time.” She gives him a gentle smile and John smiles back. “You’re right. Thanks.” He says but even though he knows his mother is probably right he can’t shake off the bad feeling he has. He’s worried about Sherlock.
Greg is the last to leave. He stayed a bit longer to help John clean up since his mother and Thomas already went to bed. After Greg leaves John looks at the time. 10:45. He still has some time before Sherlock comes by. He gathers the gifts he got from everyone and just when he wants to make his way upstairs his eye falls on Sherlock’s gift. He takes it with him upstairs. He gives everything a place and sits down on the bed, Sherlock’s gift in his hands. He sighs and unwraps the gift. Inside the box is a pile of photos. John takes them out of the box and noticed they’re pictures of him and Sherlock. They’re the ones John made with Sherlock’s phone while his own was broken.
“Uhm Sherlock, the station is this way.” John says, pointing the opposite direction.
John walks over to the door to open it. A young man was holding up a bag with a couple of white boxes in it. He was about to speak when he notices John was in his bathrobe. John realizes what is going on and he puts the robe around him tighter, giving the guy and awkward smile.
“I’m involved with things he doesn’t want around here. He says I’m a threat to the other kids.” He takes John’s hand and plays with it.
“If I may ask,” Molly starts. “How did you end up on the street?"
“Have you ever used a computer?” John asks and Sherlock shakes his head.
The way home was quiet. None of them said a word. It had started to rain and while everyone, including John, stepped underneath the shelter, Sherlock just kept standing there. Facing upwards with his eyes closed, letting the rain fall on his face. People were starring and looking weird at him. John wanted to drag him underneath the shelter as well but he stopped himself when he saw a soft smile on Sherlock’s face. Instead John joined him. He shook the uneasy feeling of what people would think of him off himself and went to stand next to Sherlock.
He grabs a knife that he has taken from the kitchen and performs the same trick as he did with the door yesterday.
“Oh honey, this is the drugs talking. Why don’t you go sleep hm? We’ll talk about this in the morning."
“John! Where did you go? I tried to call you all day!”
“Jim where are you going?!” his mother’s voice sounds from the kitchen. “Outside.” Jim simply responds and he puts on his jacket. His mother walks into the hallway. “In this weather?” She asks. “There’s a storm coming.”
Sherlock shifts a bit. “I don’t look. I observe. I take all the prove I can find and I make conclusions. When I have eliminated the impossible, whatever remain, however improbable must be the truth.”
Sherlock leans against the table, his arms crossed over his chest. “I want to speak with the manager. Maybe he knows something about what happened.”
"What do you want me to do...?" John slowly moves his feet. Stimulating the blood circulation. The creature looks around the room as if someone could be in here with them, then he looks back at John. The nails slowly slid out of his wrists and the water around them turns faint red.
“You’re so beautiful.” John says while softly panting and Sherlock cups his face. “Probably not as beautiful as what I am witnessing right now~” Sherlock smirks and John can’t help but chuckle. He kisses the taller man deeply again and starts picking up the pace. The kiss ends up in moans and gasps and they hold onto one other tightly.
“Sort of yea.” John simply says and he leans against the doorframe. “But he has to leave again. He was just stopping by. Right?” He looks over to Sherlock who just nods.
Sherlock lets himself fall back down. “The sofa was uncomfortable and you got plenty of room here.”
“I don’t get why you get so upset about it. It’s not like it was you in there.” He says calmly as he walks towards the door. John follows him, picking up his jacket on the way and he puts it on. Sherlock opens the door, peeking around before he walks through it.
Sherlock gives him another smile. “I understand.” He says as he leans down to kiss John. “Is it possible for me to crash here though? I don’t really got anywhere to go to…” John nods and gives him another kiss. “Of course you can."
“Take it easy, you are hurt,” He said, voice hoarse, unable to hide the joy on his face as Sherlock’s eyes flickered and opened. His hand shot out, fisting the fabric of John’s shirt, hanging on to him with all his weight.
He took his time and when he came back, balancing a tray with two cups and the blue and white china pot his sister had bought for him as a sort of ‘forgive me’ present three years ago for breaking his old one, Sherlock had moved into a proper sitting position and even unfolded the towel and made a half hearted attempt at wrapping it around his own shoulders.
One grey day after another.
They were standing on a street, closed for traffic at the moment, overlooking the building next to the one in front of them as Lestrade’s men emptied it of its occupants; he was taking no chances he had explained. The building which they had traced the black Mercedes to, by using the city’s CCTV net was empty. It was being renovated and all the tenants had been relocated.
The previous night he had not dreamt at all and when he had woken up he had felt nothing; neither sad nor happy. Not angry or content but completely empty. Maybe the world knew that this day of all days was bad enough as it was, he did not need to remember his dreams to make it worse.
“That is how it should be,” John said and studied his fingernails, he could not let Sherlock see the regret in his eyes as he said that.
Sherlock blinks a couple of times. “That would be great yea.” They look at one other for a while before John nods. “It’s settled then.” He get up. “I’ll go take a shower.” He can hear Sherlock getting up as he walks to the bathroom so he quickly adds. “Alone.” Sherlock sits back down with a sigh as John walks out of the room with a smile on his face.
“Too fast?” John asks softly and Sherlock opens his eyes again. He looks at John for a while before shaking his head. “It’s fine…” He replies softly. John gives Sherlock a kiss on his leg and starts moving again. He builds up a slow steady rhythm. The sweat starts to appear on their skin and John leans forward. Sherlock leans on his elbows again to get closer to his lover and gives him a kiss. John strokes the curls out of Sherlock’s face and smiles.
The kiss becomes sloppy and soon it was just Sherlock panting while John gives him kisses in his neck. Sometimes he softly bites and Sherlock’s moan becomes louder. When Sherlock was all stretched open John gave him another kiss and leans back, pulling his fingers out of the man who gives a needy whimper.
He made his way to the bathroom, getting out of his own wet clothes and putting on a bathrobe before walking back to Sherlock with a spare bathrobe and towel. He stops for a second when he saw the man was naked, again. This has been the third time he sees Sherlock naked. He pulls himself together and hands him the robe and towel. While Sherlock dries himself John makes them some tea. He didn’t even knew if Sherlock drank tea. He just makes it out of habit.
Sherlock looks at the phone. “That’s what I like to know.”
The boy starts the smile now and John can’t help but smile back at him. Sherlock walks up to John’s mother and says, clear enough that John hears it as well, “I’m contacting someone to get rid of… inconvenience. You got somewhere else to stay for the night?” The woman nods and answers. “We can stay with a friend of mine.”
Kevin frown. "What do you mean with that?"
Sherlock takes off his own clothes and gets in the bath even before it’s full. He lets himself slide down so his head is underwater and his legs hang over the edge of the bathtub. John smiles and makes his way over to the kitchen. It is already late and his stomach is starting to rumble. He fixes himself something to eat and he lets himself fall on the couch. He thought about making something for Sherlock as well but the man would be to distracted to eat. He just leaves Sherlock to the thinking and quietly eats his dinner before making his way to bed. He takes a look in the bathroom and can see Sherlock is still sitting in the bath. He has transformed in his other form and his tail is hanging over the side while he’s laying with his eyes closed.
“I know how awful it is and I’m glad you told me.” He says and John looks confused. “You know…?” Sherlock places a hand on John’s knee. “I’ve did some bad things in my life and, even though i’ve never experienced it myself, i’ve seen it happen and didn’t do anything. I don’t want to do nothing now.”
“Hello boys~” The man says with a grin on his face. John can see Sherlock tense up a bit. This must be the right guy.
The next day John has to go back to work. Halfway through his day someone walks up to him, saying the manager wants to see him. John swallows and makes his way towards the office. When he arrives there he gives a soft knock before entering.
Greg points at them one by one. "This is Echo, Delta and Sonar. The other dolphins are currently outside.”, He says. John nods and kneels down next to the dolphins. He slowly reaches out to pet them. Greg puts down a bucket with some fish next to him and John grabs one, holds it in front of Delta who opens her mouth. He lets it slide in her mouth and she gulps it down immediately. Greg feeds the other two and John gets up again.
It soon becomes evening and John cleans up the, now cold, plates of spaghetti, takes a shower and lays down in his bed. He couldn’t actually sleep. He just turns around in his bed and looks at the clock from time to time. The first time he looks its 9 PM. Then 10, 11.30 and eventually 1 AM. John groans and turns off the clock. He turns around some more till suddenly his door opens. He looks up and sees Sherlock standing in the doorframe. John leans on his elbows and smiles as Sherlock slowly closes the door behind him and makes his ways over to John’s bed. John pulls away the covers as Sherlock crawls on the bed, on top of John.
Sherlock smiled at him, Don’t be.”
A drizzle was still falling from the overcast sky and the sodium lights were reflecting streaks of yellow on the wet asphalt. In the window glass he could see Sherlock’s ghostly image, his hands clasped under his chin as he calmly pondered the case. How could Sherlock have turned his entire world upside down without even noticing?
He was not prepared for what happened next, he was upset over his miscalculation and not thinking or he would have stopped it. John pulled him in with the tight grip he still had on his hand. Sherlock fell forward over him as John’s other hand came up behind his neck pulling his mouth to his. Their lips met as John kissed him; it was dry and still, lips pressed against lips.
Lestrade nodded, it was John’s decision after all. “I will station an undercover patrol outside your place,” This is not negotiable,” He added, putting on his stern police face when John looked like he would start to argue. Sherlock didn’t bother; this was inconsequential after all.
thought John, stomach fluttering, as he observed Sherlock’s long fingers play in the air to a tune only he could hear, his forehead slightly creased in concentration as he began to explain just what it was that he had missed.
Sherlock continued, “After I concluded that Sara, whose real name is Brenda Laurence, had us under surveillance I contacted Mycroft who in his turn contacted Lestrade.”
“You turned your phone off John.”
“You haven’t posted anything new in two weeks John. You are obviously suffering a writer’s block or whatever you blogger persons call it. A blogger’s block?”
“Why?”
“Oh you know, his normal exuberant self,” John answered, although, truth be told he hadn’t seen much of his flat mate lately.
-oOo-
“Are you sure about this?” he asks and it is the hardest thing he has ever said.
Back in the sitting room, John had not moved but he looked like he was in less pain, the lines on his face starting to smooth out, the pills the medical staff had given him to take against the pain must have kicked in. Sherlock bent to put the cups down on the table, “Tea,” he said, carefully studying John from under dark curls falling across his forehead.
It was lunch hour so Sherlock was all alone, the staff normally milling about in the Scotland Yard morgue was off somewhere eating and laughing together, something he was grateful for. No one to disturb him, just him and the dead.
“We need to talk John.”
The short hand to hand combat training he had received was still somewhere in the back of his head and he stomped down on the foot of the person grabbing him, earning a satisfactory grunt in return. The grip did not loosen however and for a second he saw his life flash past as the cricket bat seemed poised and aimed at his head. He struggled with renewed power, but to no use.
“You just can’t Sherlock, trust me on this,” he says verily and then swallows, “It should be something both want not just something you give away,” he finishes.
Carpets soft, chair warm, this place here and now. Rain running down the window making patterns on the glass. Chaos theory dictated that they were always different, always new. Where the rain had gone before mattered not; nothing in the past mattered after all.
Denying themselves this might work but he was sure it would leave them bitter in the end. He rather they burned now in the open than glowed weakly in the dark until even that ember was extinguished for lack of nourishment in years to come. Someone like Sherlock was just not suited to burning slowly, the roaring fire always inside him needed outlets otherwise he turned it in on himself; he wore self destructiveness like a second skin and John at long last got it.
On the very day that marked the death of Sherlock bloody Holmes.
Being different is never easy, it doesn’t matter how intelligent you are.
He was consciously trying to relax, force his shoulders to fall down in place, but as soon as he stopped thinking about it they tensed up by themselves. He rubbed a hand across neck; it felt sore, not enough rest.
Sherlock stood there for a minute, considering his sleeping friend. John looked more peaceful in his sleep than he had in a long while.
“Where would I be?” John was actually curious about what Sherlock though he really did when he was not following him around cleaning up whatever mess he had made. Sometimes he wondered if that wasn’t the reason why he had needed all of a tenth of a second to decide to work with Sherlock.
John hit him in the side again and Peter let go of the shotgun and started to hit back, it wasn’t pretty but bloody and messy, the two men rolling on the floor throwing punches wherever they could reach.
He blinked away the stars and gave up as Sherlock looked at him worryingly.
“There seem to be something wrong with you my friend, but I cannot place it.” Sherlock put a finger under John’s chin and tilted his head slightly upwards. “I believe your pupils are dilated. I would have said tetrahydrocannabinol if it wasn’t for the fact that you smell of soap and not marijuana.”
And the second
It only lasts for a tent of a second and then his mind returns to him and he realises that this, right here is not in any way ok.
He stood there on the verge of panic as his former resolve melted into nothingness. He longed to reach out and pull Sherlock against him, to feel his lips on his. Put his nose in the crock of his neck and breath in. There was no way he could escape this, why had he tried to fool himself? He was lost in something he could never have.
“Nothing, nothing at all, not showers.”
“You received a parcel, it’s on the living room table,” John shouts over his shoulder as he hears the door open in the hallway. He brings out another mug from the overhead cupboard and pours a second cup from the teapot.
“I was hoping you would tell me,” Sherlock said as he took the note. He observed John in that cataloguing way of his, noticing and analysing every movement, every detail.
“I’m sorry?”
Sherlock smiled a small thin smile with no real joy in it and nodded his head as if a deal had been made, “Friends?” he said and stretched out a hand towards John.
“Try to get out of those wet clothes, you need to get warm.”
Sara clapped her hands once and a soft light filled the room. She opened a drawer and brought forth a crystal bottle and two glasses, she poured them each two fingers of what looked like cognac, “Here Mr Holmes,” She sipped her own and leaned back in her chair, eyes inspecting him over the brim of her glass, well manicured fingers tapping on the glass. Sherlock made no attempt to reach for his own drink.
Sherlock stood still, uncertainty and perhaps it was dread radiating from him John thought now. His fingers twitched; like they wanted to do something but could not decide what. John swallowed, now what was it his old drill sergeant had said:
Watson almost cried out in dismay and yet again forced his eyes to fix upon the screen: “Focus John,” he muttered to himself.
When he didn’t reply Lestrade continued, “You have calmed him down. There used to be a sort of raw edge to him which I rarely see anymore.” He turned and looked back at John over the table, “You are good for him John.”
“What do you think, kidnapping an army man. That he would play nice and come with you?” Sherlock pushed, seeing where it would take them.
“I do not know yet, but I presume to have an answer soon enough.”
“Ok,” He says very inarticulate, “I’m glad I mean,” He adds after he realizes that he is probably making a fool of himself yet again.
John was sitting with his laptop on his knees, forcibly believing in the fact that he didn’t sport a care in the world. Things were normal, dandy even.
He shook his head slightly, dark curls bouncing of his forehead, now why would he want to do that? It just wasn’t logical and John would probably only shake his head at him, telling him something about why the rest of humanity really didn’t care about things like that to which Sherlock wouldn’t pay any attention because he would be busy looking at how the strip light in the ceiling was reflecting in John’s hair.
“Anyway, Peter grew absolutely rabid, the young officer in charge didn’t know what to do, nothing in his training had prepared him for this, it was all madness. I tried to stop Peter but he wrestled the gun from one of the soldiers, none of us was prepared for it, and he shoot one of the Afghani men. He died instantly, nothing I could have done.”
-oOo-
“Friends,” John agreed and shook Sherlock’s outstretched hand trying to ignore the tight feeling in his chest. Sherlock was right of course, this was for the best, no complications.
“Oh righty, fo’got, sorry.”
“Well people who are not normal I am quite sure also does this,” John answered shaking his head as he left to find a towel which he threw at Sherlock.
He sighed and rubbed a hand over his eyes, this was not going overly well. Over in the window the abuse had stopped and Sherlock was standing motionless, hands down his sides, the instrument hanging limp from his hands.
Like this, soaked to the bone and brooding, he looked almost vulnerable. How someone so brilliant at the same time could seem so clueless about other things, like keeping dry when it was raining, was a mystery to John.
What should have tasted of rich Indian spices reminiscent of a warm and sunny country, vibrant colours and the sounds of elephants turned to ashes in John’s mouth, it was all he could do to swallow it.
John swallowed; Sherlock was telling him off, telling him he had gone too far this time but he was not telling him to leave.
“There are other cases you know,” Lestrade walked over to Sherlock and pulled the pen from him as he attempted to draw another arrow in the schemata, “When was the last time you slept anyway?”
He was sweating cold now but he refused to give up. He should phone Sherlock though he realised, he could use the help and he wasn’t stupid after all. He pulled out his phone.
John whished dearly that he had brought his gun, the place might seem empty but he had an itch between his shoulder blades, reminiscent of the feeling you get when someone is watching you.
“He made a deal,” She said.
“That was Lestrade, they spotted him leave, unfortunately he slipped through their blunt fingers.”
She was not here today, he knew that much. She was visiting relatives in the country for the month. Family to meet, food to eat, games to play. He himself was off to see his sister Harry and her new girlfriend over the weekend; he too had family to see.
John’s knees were trying to give in and he had to steady himself with a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. His breathing was coming heavily and he gave up trying to be quiet as his body, so desperate for attention willingly followed where Sherlock led.
“There is no answer from the patrol outside your place; I have sent all the cars in the vicinity there but likely you will get there first,” D.I. Lestrade paused, “Please don’t do anything stupid Sherlock, wait for backup.”
, they had paid his gambling debts and in return only requested his loyalty. He had moved things between countries for them, among other jobs. None of this was written down but Sherlock had puzzled it together from the other information, the silence in-between.
Last night, they had come back home and crashed as soon as John was certain Sherlock was comfortable. They had both slept for an indecent amount of time and now they were rested, fed, and, while bruised and hurt, alive and well. During his morning shower John had reached a decision, Sherlock had been on his way to say something, and he had to know what that was.
“You lost the ability to talk?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow questioning at him. John wondered if the earlier break in his countenance had been a delusion on his part.
“I see him.”
“Quite likely the victim was unconscious and carried here, it takes a lot of strength to overpower and carry a man that size, the assailant must have dropped a leg at one point.”
He might have moaned, but he wasn’t sure, as Sherlock pressed him further into the wall, hips grinding towards his, hands travelling down stroking over his hips, pulling him towards him. Lips and tongue never stopping, hot breath meeting his.
“It is a man; he is most likely a social recluse although he is possibly religious, member of a church or has been recently. He prefers his left hand and is well built, quite probably a former athlete of some sort and he could have been through some sort of medical training.” When none of them replied, Sherlock shook his head and mumbled some well-chosen words his mother would pale at if she heard.
“You,” She spit when Sherlock approached.
He started to slowly back away, calm in a detached sort of way. The lighting was low and his mind, playing tricks on him registered threats everywhere. Flickering shadows as vicious shapes out to get him, to slice and dice at him until there was nothing left. He focused on the pounding from the music. A steady background noise, loud enough to make the walls shake slightly. The beat, in sync with his heart gave him focus.
It seemed to John that the D.I. was pointedly only looking at Sherlock, eyes fixed and head slightly angled to one side, wet hair plastered to his face and a single droplet of water dangling precariously from the tip of his nose. But then Holmes was the Consulting Detective stroke genius, so who was John to complain that he was freezing to death and being excluded from the case.
“Why am I here?” Sherlock’s clear voice carried through over the slightly muffled background noise that was always present in a city this size, he was addressing Lestrade. His question mirrored John’s, why had the detective inspector called them out here; this seemed to be a simple routine errand? Bodies with their throats slit and missing wallets were pulled from the Thames several times a year. Lestrade sighed and got rid of the plastic coffee cup he had been warming his hands on in the chilly November air as he pulled something from his pockets.
Sherlock had been steadily observing the building for the last 10 minutes but there was nothing wrong with it, nothing that told him John was inside, safe and unharmed. Still, he couldn’t help continue staring, eyes trying to penetrate the concrete and steel searching for signs of life, of hope.
He let his arms enclose John, putting his head in the nape of his neck breathing in the smell of John.
When John didn’t answer Sherlock continued, “The dog John. Tell me about the dog”
He lifts his gaze to Sherlock’s face and to his utter horror finds two unblinking eyes fixed on him with a calculating stare. For a moment he is struck dumb by the humiliation of the situation and the fear that Sherlock would put the whole sorry story together. He feels himself going crimson, face heated like a Bunsen burner. He tears his gaze away and lifts his cup of tea to his face trying, too late, for cover.
“What happened to your head?” Sherlock said mostly to stop any possible praise aimed in his general direction. He spoke indirectly not turning his face, keeping his gaze on his own hands as they moved.
As he put all his attention back to his meal he contemplated a bit bitterly that maybe Sherlock was right, of course. The children would be alright, children are much sturdier than people generally believe. And of course John wasn’t really angry about that, but neither could he put words to what was really troubling him; he couldn’t even untangle it himself. Something had changed for him that night at the club, something he refused to acknowledge. After all, if he ignored it long enough surely it would go away by itself?
“Be quiet,” He shouted, spittle spraying from his mouth. John didn’t have time to function, everything seemed to happen in jelly, motions slow and stilted. He could see a trickle of blood appear at Sherlock’s temple and see him slump towards the wall long before the sickening noise of hard wood on flesh reached him.
“Yes, I phoned him when you didn’t answer my calls.”
“But there are always risks in something like this. Most of the time there are no always or never, we just have to take it as it comes. Taking risks is what life is all about.”
The doors around were just resident houses; it seemed unlikely that the man would have entered any of them. Sherlock suddenly heard a car engine, the humming sound piercing through the noise of rain and slate patting down on his head. He took the last steps up to the intersection in a few giant leaps, hearth pounding loud in his chest.
“Everything alright?” He asked taking Sherlock’s strange outfit in a stride.
“Oh bloody hell Sherlock don’t make me spell it out for you, I need to go out, meet some girls, have some fun.” John said, desperation creeping up on him. He needed to move away from Sherlock, to sit down in his chair and think of gardening, banking or Margaret Thatcher. Sherlock was standing too close, he could feel the heat from his body in the air and it was doing him nothing good. God what was wrong with him.
But then maybe not he realised, that thin, still red, scar from the clavicle down he had cleaned and stitched himself. The next moment Sherlock was upon him, pulling at his arm and showing him into a small indentation in the wall pressing him further in as he showed him up against the wall. His taller stature leaning down and when John, still in a confused daze, tried to ask where he had been and why he was dressed like this he covered John’s mouth with his.
“Team Conan here.”
“Still not enough to issue a warrant or arrest on,” Lestrade muttered.
“Acknowledged, over and out.”
After all, he did not live here anymore.
“It is too bad, you have to look after him you know,” said Lestrade as he put knife and fork neatly on the side of his empty plate wiping his mouth with his napkin.
“That makes two of us,” Sherlock said meeting her gaze evenly, her grey eyes were steady as ice and he decided that she was most likely older than she looked.
John wasn’t really clear about what happened after this, it all went too fast. Sherlock suddenly ducked and rolled to his left shouting at him, “Duck!”
“You will phone this number and then you will leave the rest to us,” She slid an anonymous piece of paper over the desk containing a single mobile phone number.
They entered onto a dirty, brown brick floor into a small kitchen. Dust bins and trash everywhere, a stale smell to the air. It was just barely warmer than outside, only the worst chill being kept out.
Sherlock, followed the trail with soft little kisses as his strong hands stroked up John’s sides. They slid under his shirt and slowly, so slowly up his sides, long slender palms enclosing his chest. His thumbs searched for his nipples; rubbing slow circles round and over them as they hardened. John threw his head back and gasped; his hands clasped Sherlock’s by now naked shoulders, feeling the bones under the sinewy muscles.
The rhythm slowly increased, each stroke just a tiny bit harder and faster than the previous one. Unable to control himself John pushed his hips forward into Sherlock’s touch. Sherlock left hand gently painted circles over his stomach under his shirt, playing over his hipbones and further back towards the small of his back before coming back to his stomach.
“What else did he do?” Sherlock asks, sounding serious. “A lot.” John simply says and he takes a bite of his food. “And he’s still walking free?!” John nods.
The manager looks up. He seems surprised for a second but then his expression goes back to stone cold like always.
"And here we got the dolphins.” Greg blows on a small whistle and three dolphins pop their heads above the surface one after one other.
“Yes, just like you did last time I presume?”
"Fine, fine!" John says quickly when his feet start to tingle. "I'll help you!" The pressure around his legs lessens and his blood starts to stream again.
John eventually breaks the sloppy kiss and Sherlock looks at him with big eyes. “I’ll be right back” John says in a rusty voice as he unwraps Sherlocks legs and walks over the the bedroom.
"I need your help to get out of here.”
"To be honest mate, I have no idea. When I came here they told me not to go in there."
They went for lunch and John and his mother had some time to catch while Thomas kept Sherlock busy. John and his mother laughed at the sight of the boy dragging Sherlock from one place to another. His mother has offered John to come live with him again but John wasn’t sure. He likes living with Kevin. His mother told him that it was okay, and that he is always welcome.
