“I don’t know what you see in him John. The more I get to know him the more of a prick he seems,” said Greg.
could pay for the ride but he wasn’t sure that he actually paid for it. “Did you use magic on him?” inquired John who was standing in the field.
“Have we… have we done this before?” asked John. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he stopped talking. “We have haven’t we? Why do you feel so familiar to me?” Sherlock tried sobering up and John could tell that he wasn’t going to get any answers from him. Turning away he continued, “I’m going after Greg. Sebastian would you please come? Whatever you have to say I’m sure Greg needs to hear and you could probably help me carry him home.”
Before Sherlock could reply there was suddenly several glass bottles thrown at him shattering as they missed. Greg grabbed John’s shoulder, forcing him to turn around and yelling at him to run. As they made their escape, the farther and farther they got away from Sherlock the more John realized something was wrong. Besides the fact that they were running away from the weirdly dressed new boy and that he was carrying a dying cat, he noticed that their surroundings were becoming distorted. It was as if they were being transported into some sort of wonderland.
“I came to enlighten you about what it means to be a contractor but if that’s what you want to fucking do then fine. Let’s go somewhere more private.”
“I don’t understand why we can’t all just have a civil conversation. We’re all on the same side,” muttered John more to himself than for the others.
I am so so sorry, Greg Lestrade. I do love you but this just isn't your story for good things to happen to you. Original title to this was, "I'm sorry for inflicting a lot of damage onto a character who doesn't deserve it."
“I’m grateful that you saved Kyubey. It was brave of you but I can tell,” she said looking directly at John, “that you like a little danger.”
“Then don’t think about a wish at all, just ask for something. It can be a fancy cake or perhaps you want to help out a friend too.”
John had been running frantically in all the areas Irene had told him about. She had spots that she checked frequently yet she wasn’t at any of them. Maybe if he knew where Sherlock lived he could find him instead. As soon as he began that line of thinking he spotted Irene on one of the bridges she had taken him to. Running up to her he explained the situation.
Greg had left Molly with her family not wanting to intrude too much on their happiness. He was happy to see Mr. Hooper in such good spirits and the relief was visible on Mrs. Hooper’s face. Greg said his goodbye’s and had gone his way, meeting up with Kyubey outside. Seeing the whole family together and smiling, knowing that there was a bright future for them made Greg know that there was just no way he would ever regret his decision.
She began crying even harder and Greg didn’t ask anything further just holding on to her more tightly. Hoping that he could somehow save her from her grief.
“Well, why are you making this wish? Do you want to do something for someone out of the kindness of your heart or,” she continued with her deep gaze set on Greg, “do you expect something in return? Is it undying gratitude or eternal servitude that you want?” Greg was stunned by the question and was left speechless. Irene began to walk away. “I think it’s way past your bed time. After all there’s school in the morning.”
“Do you really think I’m going to harm you? If I wanted to fuck you up I would’ve done it a long time ago. Also do you think your boyfriend would let me hurt you?”
The more and more John learned about witches, the deeper the need he felt to get rid of them. They first went along some bridges and eventually went to one of the older hospitals. It was near one of the empty abandoned wings, that Irene’s soul gem began to glow. Irene explained that the gem was indicating the residual magic from a witch. Following the lead they kept on going around the building until he noticed that at the top of the adjoined building there was a woman standing on the ledge. John tried calling out to her, to make her stop but the woman was unresponsive and stepped off the ledge. John began to run despite knowing he couldn’t reach the woman in time.
“Then I just really layed into the bitch man, you know you can’t give any of them a single inch or else they’ll start asking for all sorts of unreasonable shit like marriage or to keep money on them. You know the minute they get any they’ll spend it on some useless shit,” said the first guy.
And just like that Sherlock once again walked away. John felt that even though they were able to have an actual conversation for once, Sherlock would always keep parts of himself closed off.
“Why don’t you introduce everybody if you’re going to introduce yourself?” Molly said a bit annoyed with Tom.
John could only give half a chuckle, thinking that they were going to die by murderous freakish flowers in who knows wherever the hell they were and the last words spoken were done so sarcastically. Out of nowhere a girl dropped down from the sky in front of them.
John was helpless as he watched Greg continue trying to get close to Sebastian and continuously shot at different point in his body. If it wasn’t for the ability to recover so fast, the match would have been over with the first shot. But John got the sense that Sebastian enjoyed torturing Greg with each subsequent bullet. For Greg though his skills were improving with each shot he took and he was becoming more creative with how he used his magic in his attempts to get close to Sebastian. Greg eventually began to understand that the magic bullet was like a missile that knew when they missed their target but if they somehow hit something else they would move no further. Thus Greg began to use his blades in an attempt to deflect every bullet that came after him. This was much easier said than done.
“It’s true. Adolescents in this world are referred to girls and boys so it only makes sense that you’re called Magical Girls and Boys before you mature into a Witch.”
John was wrong. What followed next was something he could hardly describe, it was if they were in a nightmarishly brightly colored world filled with flowers that were moving on their own will and they were closing in on them. John held on tighter to the creature as he and Greg were back to back.
Sherlock didn't make it? He's dead? No one said something, he couldn't be dead, he is Sherlock bloody Holmes, he doesn't just die. John felt his own tears spilling from his eyes, as he tries to understand it, he died. Sherlock Holmes was dead. Eventually he heard the sound of an call ending, but he really couldn't care less. Slowly, his hand lowered itself from his ear. He was really dead, he killed himself.
John sat in his chair, looking at the empty chair, just a few steps away from his, as tears made their way down his cheeks.
It happened again and again, every time he struggled with a case, the next day, new evidence was found and the case was easy. "It has to be Sherlock, look, everything seems like it, who else finds evidence in no time and helps the police? There's only one consulting detective", Lestrade let out a sigh, after hearing Anderson's theory. It kinda made sense, if it wouldn't be the fact, that Sherlock was buried six foot underground. "Philip, he is dead, I don't know how or why there is suddenly more evidence after a day, maybe we just became smarter", he knew his words weren't true, there was someone helping them, but it couldn't be Sherlock, Lestrade knew how Mycroft was doing and if everything, he would know if Sherlock was dead or not, so there is no way. Anderson didn't stop, not until Greg said that he had to go visit someone. He hadn't seen John, not since Mycroft told them about the plan and how it went wrong.
"John, it's about Sherlock", he sat straight up on his bed, as he listened carefully to the voice of the older Holmes. He might misheard it, but he could swear that he heard a sob on the other side, John's brain already fearing the worst:" He didn't make it." Now he clearly heard a sob.
"So what you're telling us is, that it was your whole plan that Sherlock dies, no, that he fakes his death, so he can travel around the world to destroy Moriarty's web. But somehow that didn't work and now he is actually dead?", it was good that Lestrade said a summary from the whole thing, because it sounds a lot more convincing hearing it a second time. Both of the men were confused, while starring at Mycroft, who found himself rather uncomfortable in this whole situation. "But why would he have to fake his death?", John snapped at the older Holmes, he explained everything, about the whole plan but didn't say once why he would have to jump of a building and fake his death:" Ah, hanging around Sherlock seems to have made you smarter", "Answer the question", Watson nearly groaned. "There were snipers set on you, Greg and Ms Hudson. If you guys wouldn't have believed he was dead, you wouldn't be sitting here", that shut John up. There was an awkward silence, before Mycroft broke it:" It seems like you don't have any questions left, I will take my leave then", and he was gone, leaving two confused and even sadder men behind.
He starred at the ceiling for hours, it was a long day and he was tired, but his mind didn't let him sleep. How was Sherlock right now? Will he actually make it? Will he be in a coma? Will he even be alive? By his last thought, a shiver went down his spine. Surely he will survive, but why did he jump? Was it actually true? John quickly shook his head, there was no way that he made everything up, not one chance. A phone call interrupted his line of thoughts, as he picked it up, it was an unknown number. A quick look at the watch and he realised, that it was already 4 am.
"Need any help with that case?", Greg quickly looked up and starred at him as if he had seen a ghost. Perhaps, from his point of view, he probably believes that he is seeing a ghost:" Oh you bastard", and he quickly got out of his chair and hugged him, well hold onto him, as if he would disappear any second. After a few minutes, he let go:" How are you alive? No wait, I don't even want to know, too complicated. Did anyone know?", Sherlock shook his head, smirking at the detective inspector, he missed being here. "Let me guess, you helped us when you thought a case was too difficult?", "Yes, Anderson was right for once", Greg just let out a small laugh, before hugging the only consulting and very alive detective once again.
John had thought about suicide, how easily he could just end it all, he had a gun after all. He even once held it to his head, just to burst out in tears and lower it, because a small part still hold onto the miracle that Sherlock was indeed alive. It was a dark night, he just awoke from a nightmare, ready to end it all, but he didn't. John didn't sleep after his break down, just sat in his chair, staring at the empty one in front of him, waiting for the morning to come. He didn't go to work this day, called a day off, because he felt sick. John couldn't trust himself near a patient today, his mind was too unstable. Desperately, he waited for Greg to come, he felt alone, but he didn't want to call him, didn't want to interrupt him in the middle of a case. So he waited in his chair, eventually fell asleep at some point and it was peaceful for once, no nightmare haunting him, as if things were normal.
They sat there for hours, no end in sight. At one point John got up and walked around, he felt completely useless and a nagging fear was creeping on him, saying he could have done something. By the look of it, Greg didn't feel any better, he was nervously tapping his foot. Mycroft stayed completely still, but the look on his face didn't fade, it just grew stronger every passing minute.
Mycroft stood in the planning room, what had gone wrong? Why did he actually jump? "What happened up there, brother mine?", it was just a whisper, but even then, his voice cracked. Something clearly must have gone wrong. With an instant he grabbed a map, which had the way Sherlock would have gone, to destroy Jim's web, on it. He ripped the paper into a million pieces, his whole body was filled with rage and he really couldn't care less about the paper in his hands, it's not like there aren't multiple copies of it. Slowly, the rage left his body and all that was left was a sobbing man on the floor, with a bunch of little pieces of paper surrounding him. His whole body ached, eyes were burning, what had gone wrong?
"One final act, glad you chose a tall building, nice way to do it", Moriarty lifted his arms, as he walked around Sherlock:" Do it? Do it.. do what..", but he couldn't say anything else, because Jim interrupted him:" Don't act like you don't know, I know exactly, what you're planning on doing. Did you really think you could outsmart me? You probably already figured, but just to confirm, there are also snipers set on your brother and Molly or whatever her name is, so choose wisely, even though I already know what your answer is, because we both know how much you care about them, but whatever you do, I give you 5 minutes", as he talked, he stepped closer to Sherlock, till he suddenly pulled a gun out and placed it in his mouth, before he pulled the trigger, within seconds. The detective was left speechless, as he stepped closer to the edge of the building, looking down, to see familiar sandy blond hair. His mind was blank and running with a million thoughts at the same time. Without realising it, he pulled his phone out and called a number, he knew by heart.
"So what you're telling me is, that an anonymous person is helping you with your cases, like giving you evidence and hints and you have no idea who it might me. Why are you coming to me with that?", John already knew the answer, yet, he didn't want to believe it, didn't want to believe that it might be Sherlock, because he has seen the man die. Seen it often in his dreams, seen it in real life, it haunts him. Yet, a small percent of his body still wants to believe that there will be the last miracle he's asking for, but after two months, most of his brain didn't believe in it any longer. "Anderson suspects that Sherlock has something to do with it", after his words, a long sigh followed. "He's dead", it came colder out of him, than he expected, but it did his intention non or less. Greg left him after that.
He stood in the kitchen, everything was as messy as ever, but the one who made it that way, wasn't there. He wasn't in the flat and won't be returning, he will never be back.
He doesn't remember falling asleep, but as he wakes up, he feels his eyes burning. After a few seconds, he remembered what has happened just a few hours ago. Sherlock was dead, he died this night. After starring a few more minutes, he went out his bed and got ready.
Confused, yes, that was the first emotion he felt, as he re-entered the crime scene. Lestrade quickly made out evidence, which no one saw yesterday. And that's the confusing part, how did the evidence come here? It was like someone helped them. He sighed, perhaps it was really because he didn't sleep as often as he has before, that he didn't see it. But then again, he wasn't the only one on the crime scene, so how did everyone miss it? After that, the case was closed pretty quick, because after they found everything they needed, it could have been only one person.
John went to Sherlock's grave, it became a habit to visit him, at least twice a week. His life became dull without Sherlock, it was always a repeat. Waking up, unless he didn't sleep at all, have breakfast, go to work, maybe visit Sherlock, talk to Greg, which is more or less dinner and fall asleep again. The nights were the worst out of all of it. It's the time were his thoughts haunted him the most, where he couldn't sleep or have nightmares. It was a lot worse, than the once from the war. He has seen his best friend die, all over again. Every single time, he couldn't do anything, was just standing there, forced to watch.
"You noticed it as well, didn't you?", Greg's voice suddenly asked, looking at John. He knew what the detective inspector was talking about:" It might be the shook, but I have the feeling, he is hiding something", while he answered the question, his hands drifted off to his legs, in a try to stop them from shaking, it didn't work. Greg settled himself next to John, before he continued talking:" No, I've seen him worrying before, it's something else. I thought that you may know anything, but I guess you're as clueless as me", he smiled sadly to John. After a while of silence, which wasn't as uncomfortable as before, Greg spoke, once again:" Anyway, we should go home, should I drop you out at Baker Street?", he asked, after standing up again, his look stayed on John. "Yeah, that would be nice."
After they were done and paid for their meal, they went to Baker Street, where Lestrade decided to talk about the cases.
"Sherlock", a worried voice said, from the other side of the call:" Okay look up, I'm on the rooftop", Sherlock heard his own voice shaking:" Oh god", their eyes locked and even from the distance, he could tell the worry in these sea blue eyes. "I wanted to apologize, everything, it's true", a shiver went through his body, this was really it, wasn't it? "Shut up, the first time we met, you, you knew everything about my sister, didn't you?", he felt a warm liquid running down his cheeks:" It was just a trick, a magic trick, no body could be this clever", his heart was aching, the grip on his phone grew stronger:" You could", it was just a whisper, if he didn't listen so closely, he probably wouldn't have heard it. Sherlock wanted to say so much more, but he knew he was running out of time:" Goodbye John", these were the last words he exchanged with John over the call, before he threw his phone to the side and jumped. "Sherlock!", a loud scream, maybe he was just imagining it, as he hit the ground, with a loud noise.
John stood there, somehow unable to move anything. Forced to look up, see his friend on the top of the roof, standing way too close on the edge. He realised he was holding a phone in his hand, Sherlock was on the other end:" It was just a trick, a magic trick", he couldn't say anything, like something forced him to remain silent, yet, he could hear his own voice talking. "Goodbye John", and than he jumped and landed. Everywhere was blood, John's mind was racing, somehow trying to stop the bleeding, even though it was impossible. There was no longer a pulse, he was dead.
After, what felt like an eternity, a doctor finally came out the room. John instantly tried to read his look, but he had that fake smile on, like every other doctor:" Mycroft Holmes?", he asked, like a reflex, the man in question stood up:" He is in an very critical condition and won't be able to receive any visitors till tomorrow morning. You're free to leave", with these words and an apologetic look, he left the three men in the room. John knew what that meant, he might not be able to make it. A shiver went through his body, as he slowly sat down again. The other two just stood there, still in shook from the news. Mycroft was the first one to leave, without any word.
John wasn't the only one Greg was looking after. Mycroft and Greg saw eachother every day, the death of Sherlock has shaken a lot of emotions in the other Holmes. His death hit him hard and Greg saw that he gave himself fault. Sometimes he would mutter, that he could have prevented it, that he shouldn't have let Sherlock on this god damn rooftop. In those moments, Greg quietly hugged him. It was weird to see Mycroft so broken, the last time he has seen him like this was when Sherlock overdosed and was hospitalised. Greg stood by his side then and he still is here with him. He never mentioned the appearance of evidence or that Anderson suspected that it was Sherlocks work, Greg couldn't bring it over his heart to remind him of the death of his little brother, so he remained silent.
They met at Angelo's to eat something, after Greg insisted to do so. He played with the thought to tell John about the cases and how there is always evidence after a day, perhaps, he should wait till the man is done with eating. This way, he wouldn't suddenly stop.
Both were sitting on the coach, having each a cup of tea in their hand. "So, what brings you here?", John asked, after a while of silence. "I thought paying you a visit would be a good idea, because of what had happened", his voice got smaller after every word he said, till he ended his speech with a sad smile. In that moment he realised that the inspector detective wasn't really good looking either. Under his eyes were dark circles and all in all, he looked exhausted. John nodded and returned the smile.
John had a nightmare. He knew those would come back, but it was a lot worse than the ones from the war. His whole body was shaking and sweating. After a while, he decided to stand up and get a glass of water or at least something to drink. With shaking legs, he made his way down the stairs to the kitchen. It was even weirder at night time, usually the brown haired detective would either be in the kitchen, in his seat or laying on the coach. He rarely slept, which caused a few night talks between the two of them. Now it was dark, with no body else in the apartment. It was sickening John, so he quickly got a glass and filled it with water, before he made his way up again. This was gonna be a long night.
Two weeks, exactly two weeks since the incident, two weeks without Sherlock, it was the day of the funeral. As expected, no body, but the closest people to Sherlock knew about it, nothing else expected from Mycroft. Molly, Greg, Ms Hudson, Mycroft, John and of course, Sherlocks parents were here. Nearly everyone cried, well, everyone but Mycroft and John. Both seem rather numb. No one held a speech, Mycroft has said that he wouldn't want one, so the funeral went by rather quickly. Sure, John talked to Greg a few times, even though the conversation was one sided, but other than that, he remained silent. It was just when everyone left and he was alone with the gravestone, he began to speak. "So that's really it, you're gone", he couldn't hold in any longer, so he let out a sob:" I don't know what to do without you. When you stepped into my life, everything was suddenly better. Hell, you even helped me with my leg, when I had already lost any hope that it would work correctly again. I just wish that I could say it to your face, one more miracle is all I'm asking for Sherlock. Just one more time", he knew it was hopeless, yet, he was still there, talking to a gravestone, while tears uncontrollably left his eyes. He just stood there, waiting, he didn't know for what he was waiting, waiting for Sherlock to come back, waiting for something to happen or waiting for his tears to stop. Eventually the latest happened and so he left after a while, back to Baker Street, now, just his home.
It took 6 months, half a year, but it was done. Moriarty's web was destroyed, Mycroft finally got his revenge. Sure, it was hard and it nearly failed but in the end, they managed to do it. Sighing, he leaned back in his chair:" I didn't think my death would affect you this much, brother dear", this voice, it couldn't be. Slowly, he looked up and saw into light blue eyes, his eyes. "Sherlock", was he imagining things now? Two days without sleep wasn't a good idea after all. Yet, when he blinked several times, he was still there:" Yes, I'm alive and no you're not imagining things", he answered his unspoken thoughts. Slowly, he got out of the trance and tried to look cold, but as it seems, Sherlock has been spying on him:" And you say I know everything you're doing", his words seem cold, but he couldn't suppress the smile, that was coming up:" Does anyone else know?", Sherlock shook his head:" Ah, I was your first choice, how pleasing", his brother just rolled his eyes and god, he missed him.
"Merry Christmas, John" Sherlock muttered, slumping into the sofa as though he couldn't care less, but John noticed the corner of his mouth tuck in as he bit the inside of his lip, and grinned before carefully opening the box.
Sherlock grinned back. He could hear her teeth gritting. John's gift to Sherlock, while useful, and very welcome wasn't particularly inspired.
John swung Sherlock's bedroom door open and dragged the now silent man into the room, kicking the door closed behind them.
The room was flooded with the noise of people leaving the opera house, but in the bubble surrounding John and Sherlock no sound penetrated their focus on each other except for their own breathing, and the feelings between them that required no words.
As he knelt over a young woman who'd had her entrails ripped from her body, Sherlock grit his teeth.
Sherlock, however, had taken great pleasure in laying out the six perfectly shot geese before the man and simply smiling, knowing that the man didn't dare say another word about his partner's abilities
John woke to soft kisses pressing repeatedly against his lips every couple of minutes or so, and it slowly brought him back to consciousness until he returned the pressure, keeping the lips there longer than the brief brushes to wake him up.
John rolled his eyes with a soft "of course" but otherwise, watched Sherlock with a look the detective knew well. It was the glittering gaze the doctor locked on him when he thought Sherlock was being '
Silence was his answer, and e glanced up from straightening a cuff link to find Sherlock staring at him with a look he recognised instantly.
Dan practically wilted once his father had left and apologised almost continuously as he set the two men up with their guns, and wished them luck, swiftly adding that he didn't think they'd need it when he caught sight of Sherlock's black glare.
Sherlock should know by now. It wasn't brain surgery or rocket science that he found John attractive, that was, after all, the reason they'd progressed relationship from "flatmates" to … well more.
John was on the edge of the precipice, his chest heaving as he drew in breaths and watched Sherlock intently, and Sherlock knew it would be a matter of a moments work to pull the man over the edge into ecstasy, but he had to finish showing John the way through the deductions he'd made and where he'd gone wrong.
As John gently tugged him to a stop, the ex-army doctor's hands trailed down Sherlock's arms and slid round his thin body till the consulting detective could feel the warmth of John radiating against his back even through his thick coat.
"A complete waste of time" Sherlock repeated, turned away and marching from the room. John Watson, however stood for a few moments longer as though expecting the DI to open then gifts, only shifting his weight when it became clear that Dimmock had no intention of moving.
He tensed before he realised that the lips pressing against his were familiar, and he melted against Sherlock's tall frame with a sigh. His brain had already switched off, so it took a few moments before John remembered why he was so tired, and why he was still furious with the consulting detective.
What if John gave up? Fled? Moved out? Stayed but ended this, them?... Sherlock's arms wound round the Doctor and tugged him close, his mind supplying numerous occasions where John had reassure him that everyone else was unimportant, idiots, that it didn't matter what anyone thought of them... but the Doctor also knew how much Mummy-Holmes' opinion meant... to both her children, and Sherlock had seen the flash of panic pass through John's eyes.
Sherlock scowled, and didn't answer, settling for a brief brush of lips and a soft "You look amazing", before the waiting taxi hit his horn and summoned them swiftly out of the flat and on their way.
The two boxes were delivered by private courier. Or so the delivery man said, but Anderson could see no insignia on the mans uniform, and the black car parked outside his home looked more than a little suspicious.
The taller man was filled with an agitated energy, and even with his hands in his pockets, John knew the mans long fingers would be clenched with the desire to run, and remove himself from the multitude of people swiftly and efficiently.
"If you never found something to... to replace the memories, what kept you trying?" he asked, hesitant to ruin the moment, but the skin round Johns eyes creased as he chuckled, and pressed a tender kiss to Sherlock's nose.
Their case had gone on nearly a week and a half, had taken them all over London and had finally finished just over twenty four hours previous in a fight (argument, Sherlock would correct him) in an abandoned warehouse on the edge of the Thames.
The doctor silently put the shopping away, he made tea, he could feel curious grey eyes on his back but he didn't pay them any attention for once, and by the time he brought the tea into the silent living room Sherlock was like a coiled spring.
Then Sherlock was laughing. Mycroft stood drenched, surrounded n water up to his ankles, clearly shouting at some plumber, and the camera man, purely by accident, managed to catch the pipe in the background exploding. It was pure genius, he'd have to send his mother a thank you card.
It wasn't difficult to work out, however, when he suddenly got pinned against the kitchen door by an ex-arm Captain, and growled at in a voice that screamed of jealousy
Sherlock really needed to thank the photographer, because he'd managed to capture the look of pure adoration Sherlock remembered sending John at that moment.
"Don't get snarky with me young man! Permission to shoot the walls is not in your tenancy agreement, and I could evict you for the amount of damage you do to the place!"
Their eyes locked again, and John could feel the tension in the room rising, but his gaze hardened and Sherlock sighed, defeated, and turned to change. Acting as a doctor for the moment, John averted his gaze from Sherlock's stunning body as he shed his clothes to slip into the pyjama bottoms, but the stretching expanse of bare creamy chest wasn't doing anything for John's self control.
That was if Sherlock didn't use the little tree for an experiment before then. What was he thinking? Decorations were like a red flag to a bull when it came to the consulting detective. Mycroft's assumption that he'd been preparing to start a trail of gifts, following the twelve days of Christmas would have made John laugh expect it hadn't been a bad idea.
John shook his head grinning and leant against a rotting beam that looked like it used to support the main structure of the building, but the light chuckle stopped when Sherlock turned and fixed him with a heated look.
The man in question was sitting perched at the kitchen table, his eyes plastered to a microscope, wrapped in that awful blue robe with his hair still dripping from the shower he'd taken half an hour ago, and John felt worry settle in his stomach.
The shadows of their booth had hidden where their hands had been roaming, but Sherlock's breath was stolen at the hint of tongue escaping the cage of lips, and the expressions of pleasure plastered on their faces.
Sherlock laughed softly, and when he finished that glowing smile he shared with his mother stayed on his face, and John pointedly didn't mention the dampness to the other man's eyes. He knew how much this simple dance in public, had meant to Sherlock. He didn't need to mention it, Sherlock did it for him
"Dear sweet Christ, you are mad... of course it was you, but it was everything..." John gasped, pulling Sherlock's face down to his once again for a deep, soul searing kiss "everything from your amazing mind... to your body and... right down to all those irritatingly... annoying habits, that I wouldn't change for anything" he explained between drawing lungfuls of air back into his tormented lungs.
The door to 221B creaked and he slid through the smallest gap possible and leant against the door to shut it, resting his back against it and closing his eyes against the pitch black room with a relieved sigh. Home. Quiet. Peace. Lips... kissing...
The witch had gotten over its initial shock and went straight at him. Greg materialized a sword in his hand and lunged forward. John could only sit on the ground in awe of his friend. He was now impossibly fast.
“What’s happening?” asked Greg who finally stopped and noticed that they were no longer running in the streets of London.
“A marvelous place John, you must come with.” Mike grabbed onto John’s wrist, leading him to some unknown direction.
While John was trying to berate Sherlock, the dark haired boy kept his icey demeanor never betraying his true feelings.
Then once again Greg moved forward but this time not only was he fast be he was fast but he was more prepared for Sebastian’s bullet. At first it seemed that he missed and Greg charged onward but then the bullet that he was able to dodge had come back, tearing through his right shoulder. Greg faltered for a moment which gave plenty of time for Sebastian to fire another shot.
John was smiling. Sherlock actually cam! He was looking at him but the overwhelmed relieved sensation John had was beginning to ebb when he saw how angry he was. Sherlock turned to face Sebastian.
“Before you ask me to talk with your boyfriend, I need to tell you I’m not the best person for the job.”
Jumping out of his seat, he snatched his jacket and rushed out the door only giving a quick goodbye to his mum saying he would see her later. Following Kyubey, John could only hope he could get there in time to stop Greg from doing something incredibly stupid and probably life threatening.
Sherlock Holmes really hated the idea of starting at a new school. He had gotten in a bit of trouble in the last one with some of the other students. Simply put they were being idiots and Sherlock wasn’t going to take it lying down so a couple of stolen chemicals and a bit of time, the three boys no longer have any hair on their face and only patches on the rest of their head. His parents were disappointed and were able to deal with the matter quietly, though it was mainly Mycroft who didn’t want to be tied to a small time arsonist who got the records sealed. So now he was living in London, alone. All thanks to Mycroft. Sherlock had barely gotten use to the idea of having a small flat to himself which Mycroft stressed that if he were to ruin, he would make him live in a squalor. Still it had been a week that he moved to London and tomorrow he was going to his new school. Hopefully the people would leave him alone. That was the only thing he could really ask for.
“Most serious. If you asked him I’m sure John would defeat them for you. Provided he makes a contract with me first.”
“It’s just that you’ve spent a lot of time with her in the hospital and I know she thinks really highly of you but I need to know if there’s anything more going on between you two.”
“Are you guys going to keep talking or are we going to fight?” mocked Greg who was tired of waiting.
“You don’t have to tell me that. He’s going to die a lot sooner if he doesn’t shape up and I highly doubt he will.”
“I don’t understand,” John said. He turned to Kyubey for some sort of comment on this horrific revelation.
John didn’t like the small threat and his mother wasn’t even home. Nevertheless he still didn’t like the idea of Sebastian coming into his home and got dressed.
Greg was standing in the waiting room of the hospital and he was very worried. He had accompanied gone to there to lend support to Molly and her family knowing that the Hoopers would hear the final results from the treatments Mr. Hooper had been receiving. The Hoopers were optimistic, they had to be. The toll on the whole family continued to increase as each month passed since his diagnosis. Molly’s mother who was originally a stay at home mom was doing all in her power at keeping things together in the Hooper household and to try to put as little pressure as possible on her children.
“There’s nothing left to say!” seethed Greg who tried to take a step but nearly fell to the ground if not for John.
This chapter has been one of my least favorites to write, it just took a lot of time for not a lot of writing I feel. Though the chapters after this one really do start to pick up. This chapter, Mike Stamford makes his first official appearance!
“I agree with Kyubey, why don’t you follow me around tomorrow after school so you can see what it’s really like,” said Irene.
John didn’t know why or when Sebastian and Sherlock had teamed up but everything was getting so much worse. He didn’t want Greg to fight, he didn’t want any of them to fight but there seemed to be nothing he could do to stop it.
Greg was waiting in the hallway of the hospital. He could see through the door of the room across from him Molly was still talking to her father. She was smiling and occasionally laughing but he could tell that deep inside she wanted to cry. Sometimes when Greg accompanied her to the hospital he would go in with her and talk to Mr. Hooper himself but today he was simply waiting for Molly. These were the days when he was just moral support for her and waited while Molly and her family spent some personal time together. She tried to visit as often as possible but her father insisted that she stay focused on school and that she should try to have as much of a normal life as possible. That’s the reason Greg suspected he was allowed to come with her so often and as long as it was actually helping he wanted to try and support her in every way he could.
“Oh yeah, you’ve got me. I’m actually a secret criminal mastermind who is running a massive empire that spans the globe. Thought I might as well tell you now since you’re asking,” John sarcastically replied.
“My my, what do we have here? Two handsome boys in need of some rescuing?” she said with a teasing grin.
“Well I would’ve believed you.” Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly and for once he didn’t know what to say to John’s sincere words. “Also how could Kyubey just manipulate souls as if they’re nothing?”
“Every time, you always come and sit and listen to me talk about it and you’re still here? You don’t get anything out of this arrangement and now my dad… he’s going to die. Do you like to see me cry about it? Do you get some sort of perverse enjoyment out of this because I don’t understand why else you would come?!” “
Walking outside he went up to Sebastian who was leaning against a building, holding a plastic bag and for once he didn’t look like he was going to kill anybody. In the short instances he had spent with Sebastian he always felt a sharp vibe from him. His eyes were constantly assessing everything around him and the aura he gave off was predatorial. He really was a hunter.
Sherlock was looking directly at John as he said the final words. John however couldn’t hold his gaze and could only watch Greg as he trembled from the life shattering shock. John was surprised to find that he too couldn’t stop trembling.
When he arrived he noticed that Mike wasn’t there leaving him alone for the class. As he began taking out his notebook, Sherlock sat down next to him unexpectedly. First looking towards their chemistry teacher, Mr. Anderson then back at Sherlock, John decided not to be rude.
Instead of stopping Greg began to laugh. It wasn’t one filled with joy but more of a hollow noise that made the hair on the back of John’s neck stand on edge.
Greg’s funeral had been held on a rainy Sunday afternoon and John couldn’t cry. He had cried every tear he had over the last week over his friend. Luckily the rain made it hard for people to distinguish between actual tears and just rain. Greg would probably be offended. Greg, whose parents would never know the truth and now believed that they had ignored the signs that their son was depressed. That it was their fault he had died. Maybe that was a kinder story to say instead of telling them he had turned into a monstrous creature of despair and was destroyed because of this irreversible change.
“Alright then, it can’t be helped,” began Kyubey,”I can’t force you to make a contract and if you’ve made up your minds. I have to leave to find others in greater need of making contracts. Greg, John, we only knew each other for a short time but it was fun.”
Greg was struggling with a case, there was nearly no evidence at all, no murder weapon, hell, it was hard enough to even find out what the murderer used to kill the victim. Like a reflex, he pulled out his phone and was about to call a number, as it hit him. There was no one that could help him, he was no longer with them. Now frustrated and sad, he put his phone back and left the crime scene, maybe tomorrow there would be better luck, perhaps it's just sleepless nights, that are now showing an effect.
He eventually heard Greg and they both ate the food he brought with him. Talked a bit, till it's late and he leaves again. Their friendship became a lot better, because they saw eachother almost every single day and if not, they had a phone call and talked. John was grateful for Greg, because deep down he knew, if he wouldn't do that, John would be a lot lower that he already was.
A silent scream left John, as he quickly looked around, slowly remembering where he was, his bedroom. His clothes were sticking with sweat on his skin, while he uncontrollably gasped for air. It was just a nightmare, no, that's not quite right, Sherlock was dead, he was already living in a nightmare. After a few minutes, he was able to stabilise his breathing, still anxious. He looked at the clock, 3 am. John decides to stay awake, already knowing that falling asleep again is impossible.
"So, how's it going?", Mycroft decided to sent his own men on the mission, which was supposed to be Sherlocks. "The snipers, that were set on the friends of your brother are all dead including two more, they were all together and discussing their success, not knowing there were other people in the room with them", Mycroft had to press down a smirk, which was coming up:" You can go now", said man went out of the door and Mycroft began to smirk, he knew he wanted revenge, the moment his brother landed on the floor. As the thought of his brother crossed his mind, he instantly stopped smiling. He knew he still had to arrange the funeral. It will probably be in two weeks, he knew he couldn't bear it sooner, seeing his own brother in a coffin. He felt a tear running down his face, but quickly wiped it away, he was at work, he couldn't show any emotions here.
John made his way through the crowd, telling them he was a friend and sometimes that he was a doctor. When he finally made his way through to Sherlock, he could feel his last meal coming up again, there was so much blood. He instantly checked the pulse of the unconscious man and felt a relief, when it was still there. Everything after that went fast, the ambulance arrived and took Sherlock with them, but they didn't allow John to come with them. Frustrated and still full with panic, he was about to call a cab, when a similar black car made itself visible and in it where no other that Mycroft, to his surprise, and Anthea, driving the car. After a few seconds, he settled himself on the backseat. A quick look at Mycroft and it just confirmed how terrible the whole situation was. The ice man, as Sherlock referred to him, had a worried sick look on his face. He was just staring in one direction, but John knew, that thoughts were running through his mind.
It took moments for John to get a response, and it left a warm glow in his chest for the rest of the day.
It had been fashioned into a crude looking noose and Sherlock glanced at it from his sprawled position on the sofa "Oh relax! It's just an experiment, and perfectly safe now you're back, if you'd just..."
"John..." They met in another kiss, the heat rising between them when John hooked a leg round the back of Sherlock's and pushing their hips together tightly, drawing groans from them both. Sherlock repeated the motion, shifting slowly and drawing out the sensation as he relished in the shudder that travelled through John's and the brief glazed look his electric blue eyes gained.
John had been holding the burn under the cold water for much longer the necessary and Mr. Lewis was starting to squirm as the ice cold water began sending his hand numb. The doctor pulled the hand out and gently dried it, checking the burn again before applying a cooling salve and wrapping it with a light bandage.
The doctor relaxed noticeably, and Sherlock frowned, eyeing the drink speculatively "You tricked me"
"What is wrong with you?" John turned at the hissed question, eyebrows raised. He knew what the problem was the moment his eyes focussed on the shocked expression of Sally Donovan.
"Oh John look at you getting Sherlock into the Christmas spirit! That's what it's all about, Sherlock, sharing!"
"Non-alcoholic, third shelf on the left of the spirits isle in Asda" Sherlock deadpanned, and the room froze. John smothered a grin, and Harry looked like she wanted to throw the bottled at him, but after a moment smiled .
He wanted to beg, and make John promise he hadn't gotten tickets to an actual opera. Sherlock was perfectly aware that they held other shows here, but John didn't know his absolute abhorrence of those sharp unnatural notes... but his lover was nervous already so Sherlock merely raise and eyebrow, and once again allowed John to lead their way inside.
second, I'd let her get away after fucking shooting you? You're an imbecile Sherlock Holmes! Sometimes I wonder what the hell you do with that gigantic brain of yours, because you certainly don't fucking
The consulting detective blushed and ducked his head, before remembering they had company, and bringing his eyes back up with a scowl and a swift, sharp nod.
"You're quite right when you deduced that I would normally be chasing the case on site, and you also realised that I could have told you to get a twin room when you booked but I didn't"
As he moved away from the speechless woman, his phone beeped and he drew it from his pocked as he weaved his way across the crime scene.
As the consulting detective absorbed every angle and detail of his lovers face he frowned, echoing the man on the other side of the room unconsciously. It wasn't like John to frown for no reason. Was something wrong? Was he worrying about something? Merely puzzling over today's crossword (7 across; packing)...
"I don't want to know what happened in my room..." He paused as he caught sight of the new target drawn on the wall in shaving foam, with two bullets in the centre and shook his head before heading into the kitchen without another word.
John wished he knew what was going through Sherlock's mind as he stepped out of the taxi and into the chilling night air. Temperatures in London were still falling below freezing at night.
His hands drifted down the front of Sherlock's deep plum shirt and tugged a few buttons open, releasing the tension his partners deep breaths were causing and giving him better access to that smooth column of pale creamy skin, almost glittering in the light still streaming through the window.
She glanced at Sherlock, and a glint that John recognised from his lover entered her bright blue eyes causing a chill to run the length of his spine, before she spoke again.
It was so, so dark, and John's body was tensed, prepared for anything. What he didn't expect was the hear a door open and know Sherlock had entered the room.
"You want to test that, genius?" Swann half sang, her madness almost making the consulting detective pause but as Sherlock dragged his focus from John back to her, he determinedly took two steps forward. If she pulled the trigger now she could hardly miss, and he could hear John behind him, shifting his weight anxiously. The Doctor believed his words, but all his own instincts were telling him something different, and Sherlock knew that eventually John's experience would make him look in this madwoman's eyes and know. She was prepared to kill to get away.
On the other hand, the top of the range microscope with a number of additional features was a huge improvement over the one he'd stolen from parts five years previous, so he'd beamed at John, drawn the blush he wanted and thanked him, surprising himself when he began fidgeting, wanting to go and test out the gift.
If John didn't know better, he'd say Mycroft has caused the snow to stop Sherlock taking an alternate route home too. But that was just silly.
Sherlock was determined to have everything ready to dish up onto plates, within ten minutes of their arrival, The Turkey was stuffed the night before, and he'd managed to get it in the oven before John woke, telling the doctor it was an experiment. John had been so tired he'd taken Sherlock at his word, and left the flat without comment.
!" John hissed, suddenly furious at his utterly selfish flatmate, "I slept more than this in Afghanistan!"
"I simply don't want to share you or your reactions with anyone else" the doctor whispered and Sherlock flushed.
He stumbled as it gave under a hard shove, the the doctor froze, listening for any sound that suggested he'd disturbed Mrs Hudson. Hearing only silence, he crept the rest of the way into the flat and pressed the door shut as softly as he could before sneaking just as softly up the stairs.
"You don't need me, and I got the file to keep you occupied Sherlock... You go and be brilliant, and I'm going to use the short time it will take you to solve the case to catch up on the sleep you've deprived me of"
Sherlock was already suspicious the moment he opened the door to 221B. The flat was spotless, cleaned, the information he'd asked John to find was neatly laid on the kitchen table, and Sherlock knew John was absolutely furious about something.
The detective didn't need to be told twice and laid back on the sofa again, pulling John down with him to the army doctor was laying on him and he could feel the mans arousal pressing into his stomach. Sherlock busied his mouth with placing a love bite high enough on the doctors' neck that the man wouldn't be able to hide it while he waited impatiently for the feel of the lube, his nerves impatiently waiting.
"What for this time? Another experiment neutraliser? Something to feed the stray cats? Washing your bloody hair in it? I had a whole two pints in there, Sherlock!"
Deprived of one last argument Mr. Peterson had stalked from the room, and John and Dan had exchanged a relatively cheerful goodbye.
"You should invite her for Christmas, John" Sherlock's gaze hadn't diverted from the dancers on stage, and John could see the delicate precise steps echoed in his lovers eyes before he chuckled.
Finding his way with touch and tongue, John licked along Sherlock's long legs, and by the time he reached the mans ass, there was heavy breathing and John could practically hear the bedsheets being fisted tightly.
"Not unless Sherlock hasn't told me something" John reassured her gently, and the old woman grinned as he continued, "No, we've just been out delivering presents and it's freezing out there, we've just got back but wanted to give you yours..."
Strangely enough, John found his lack of comments reassuring. If he wasn't picking it apart or correcting it, he was surely enjoying the performance, and after the first interlude, the doctor began to relax.
Now to face whatever Sherlock had done to their flat while he'd been out. John stared at the coffee, and thanked the young officer profusely, leaving without even stopping to see Lestrade, he'd have to remember to buy the Inspector something rather special for Christmas.
As reluctant as he was to admit it, Sherlock Holmes' contact details were probably the most thoughtful gift anyone had given him in a long time, and he carefully slid the card into his desk draw, before refocusing on Sherlock's present. This was the one that could be detrimental to his health.
They'd collected their prizes and were already on their way back to the farm by the time John had finished his story but at the sudden low note to his voice, Sherlock stopped them and pulled the doctor round to face him
After a moment to regain some kind of self control, both men shifted at once, their eyes locking as John began shifting slowly in and out of his lovers' body, pulling Sherlock's legs to his shoulders and dragging a sharp cry from the man as the tip of John brushed against him once again.
"I've not heard of this wine!" John sister announced loudly, making the detective wince. He'd be deaf for days, he knew it, "What's it like?"
The first thing Sherlock's brain noticed was the way Dan paled and winced. The second thing was the dark look that passed over his lovers face, and third thing was the slight smugness around Peterson seniors eyes and following that was a quick succession of movements. John twitched forward a single step, Dan shook his head quickly from behind his father, and Peterson seniors back straightened in response to John's motion
It took almost five minutes of John softly stroking the back of Sherlock's hands where they wrapped around his waist, but eventually Sherlock relaxed, and tightened his grip with a sigh John knew he didn't mean.
"Don't knock it" John muttered, drawing the inspector's puzzled frown, "You haven't got any clue what I've had to do to get him to agree to this."
"I'm beyond fucking tired! I'm exhausted, I'm ready to drop where I'm standing, I haven't slept properly in a week and a half, you nearly got shot, and then some
It wasn't a request and Sherlock knew it. His eyes narrowed but his interest had been piqued, so he moved fluidly from the table and into his room without comment.
But when John saw his lovers face, he knew this wasn't Sherlock angry, this was Sherlock furious, and the only person able to get his partner in this state was Mycroft Holmes.
"I thought I'd lost you today... When I saw you knocked back..." John shook his head, and shifted more firmly onto his back, his left arm curled around Sherlock's back and began rubbing a soothing path up and down the detective's arm, from shoulder to elbow.
Every curl of those slim feet, and drag of leg across a hip meant John was fighting a constant battle of keeping his breathing level and his hips still. He was so focussed on NOT thinking about how warm Sherlock's skin was against his hands where he'd trapped the man's legs from moving, that John didn't actually realise Sherlock hadn't spoken a word against his capture, and he didn't notice the smooth slide of Sherlock's hand as it brushed up his legs from the other end of the small bed.
"Something's up with Mycroft", Lestrade came to pay John an early visit. John took a bite out of the toast, Greg insisted on him eating something, and took a sip from the tea, before he answered:" Yeah, his brother died", pointing the obvious out, Sherlock would have called him an Idiot:" You know what I'm talking about, it's like he's hiding something", yes, Greg was right, John has noticed it as well, but he really couldn't care less:" So? Isn't he always hiding something?", it wasn't a question, they both knew it. Lestrade let out a sigh:" I think it has something to do with Sherlock's death", this got John's attention. Something to do with the death of his flatmate? If you think about it, he somehow was instantly there, so was an ambulance. Greg seemed to notice that John was now giving him attention:" Do you have any idea?", "Perhaps, I could answer your question", both turned their view to the now open door, there standing was no other than Mycroft Holmes himself.
There was a heavy silence between them, both hunting their own thoughts, while trying to stay as calm as possible. But John couldn't help but notice that something else was bothering Mycroft, maybe he overthinks the whole situation or perhaps, it's because he hadn't seen Mycroft showing any emotions, but it just seemed like he was hiding something. After a while the silence got broken from no other than Lestrade, who apparently came as quick, as he could, after he heard the news. He settled himself between Mycroft and John, almost instantly noticing the silence, which wasn't really comfortable.
It's only been two days and the news were already full of Sherlocks death. All telling the same story, not realising that it's not true at all. Bitterly, John drew the newspaper into the bin, before he suddenly heard footsteps, coming up, to his apartment. Sighing, he went to the door, already having someone in mind, who it might be. As expected, the detective inspector was on the other side of the door.
They talked for a while and decided after some time, that it would be best to see eachother at least once a week.
It was quit in the flat, John sat in his chair, as he heard footsteps. A quick look at his clock and he was even more confused, it was way too early for Greg to come. Mrs Hudson? No, they came from all the way downstairs. Mycroft? But why should Mycroft come here? "Hello John", and his heart skipped a beat, slowly looking up, just to see these dark curls, the just too familiar blue scarf and the coat. He got up and stood in front of him, couldn't believe his eyes. He slapped him and as his hand actually felt something, his heart skipped one beat again. As soon as the detective looked at him again, he pulled him down and placed his lips on the other man. It was just a slight brush of lips, but it felt incredible. They looked eachother in the eyes, after their lips parted again. "You're alive", it was just a whisper, perhaps, he fell asleep on the chair again and was just dreaming the whole thing, but it felt real, too real for it to be actually a dream. "Indeed I'am, John", and it was beautiful to hear his voice again. He just pulled the detective closer into a hug, hold tight onto him, as if, when he would let him go, John would wake up to the realisation that it was just a dream after all. They stood there for a few minutes, till they heard a voice:" John dear, are you okay, I heard", but she stopped in the middle of her sentence:" Sherlock dear, is that you?", Mrs Hudson asked, not believing her eyes. They let eachother go, so that Sherlock could turn around. "Yes, that's my name", and he immediately got pulled into another hug.
"Did you actually write it though?" Anderson cut in, his nasally voice grating on the last of John's nerves "Or did the freak fake it?".
They were both moving on auto pilot when they reached Baker Street, John paying the driver, Sherlock opening the door, granted, more slowly than usual to compensate for the bruising across his chest, painting his porcelain skin every colour from green to purple, and John hanging their coats in the hall. The two men were inside their flat with the door securely between them and the rest of the world before they began coming back to themselves.
"God, Yes" The Doctor's confidence returning in the straightening his back, and the light in his eyes. If Mother couldn't see that this amazing man made him happy, then let her disown him. Sherlock didn't care any more. Let Mycroft meddle to his hearts content.
"Of course, I did!" he pushed off the table, throwing John back and spinning to pin John to the wall, "I was playing a part you imbecile!"
That got the taller man out of the flat so John could take the delivery and have his stash of powdered milk hidden before Sherlock was back.
He was stopped short as John threw a balled up piece of tissue paper at him laughing, "It's perfect Sherlock, and absolutely stunning, thank you!"
At least, not until long fingers teasingly rubbed at the hard bulge that was tenting his boxers impressively.
Many people in Beresford Road hear the shrieks of Mrs Anderson that night, and the promises Mr Anderson made to her.
"In addition, he also promises not to withhold evidence, or to go off on his own and investigate under his own steam without informing you, unless there is a very real chance that doing so will loose the suspect."
But hope shattered as the doctor merely sighed, and turned, heading for the stairs and the shower... like he had been for nearly a week. With a growl that had John turning back to Sherlock in surprise the consulting detective launched himself from the sofa towards the sweat covered doctor, and pinned him to the nearest wall as he slammed a harsh kiss against John's lips, drawing blood and a surprised gasp from the shorter man that Sherlock took full advantage of.
The doctor blinked and turned to stare at Sherlock, his deep voice having shattered the silence more effectively than a shotgun. He swallowed the last piece of bacon sandwich before answering,
It wasn't until the band rolled round the corner and Sherlock fell silent in suppressed irritation that John wondered just who set up this parade, and why Sherlock had been so adamant to avoid it.
"And how would he explain to his partner the sudden collection of wedding rings on her dressing table?"
"Yeah, you'll have to get one of the officer's to do it for you, but I know you're not gonna try sneaking evidence out like Sherlock"
When Sherlock was in the middle of a case and deep in thought about something, when his mind was miles away and not one ounce of his attention was focussed on you, it was in those moments you could ask him a question and get a simple, straight, truthful answer.
"Not everything remarkable is out of reach, Sherlock" Johns soft voice reached him as the doctor studied the other man's rapt expression greedily, his own face softly smiling when piercing grey eyes finally turn to meet his gaze at the end of the firework display.
"How did you know?" Sherlock murmured curiously, eyeing John with intrigue, but John merely laughed and shook his head.
It contained a stunning black wool coat, a little shorter than Sherlock's own coat, and equally as warm. John was speechless and Sherlock began babbling.
He beamed, thanked her, kissed her on the cheek and went to grab his coat. John knew exactly where he was going, because if someone was going to try a food for the first time, then you wanted the best quality available to you. Mrs Hudson watched him go and smiled before going to text Mycroft. It seemed the good doctor was taking the poem quite seriously.
"Dear God, you look so beautiful Sherlock... I want to watch you come into that sunlight, taint it with something far more pure, something far to good to be touched by the memory of that heat... You have a heat all your own Sherlock, and I can see it blazing inside of you every time you even glance at me-"
The world is supposed to slow down the moment before death, give you time for your life to flash before your eyes and relive your joy's and regrets. All Sherlock remembered hearing was a series of consecutive bangs that made his ears hurt, and a spreading agony is his chest that he couldn't explain. It may have been bullets, or his heart breaking. Later he remembered thinking that he hadn't thought she'd snap that swiftly, was prepared for more taunting before she gave into desperation and fired, but in that instant, when bullet hit body, he just felt numb, wondering if John would be angry.
It took Lestrade moments to snatch it away and carefully open the paper packet to reveal five gold wedding bands, and John risked a look at Sherlock again, who had yet to speak a word, and wouldn't have been able to over the investigative team's celebrations anyway.
Sherlock was surprised to see John at his door, thankfully with an umbrella. They didn’t speak, Sherlock only moved out of the door way giving enough room for John to get inside his flat. Sherlock poured John a cup of tea despite not asking and John not requesting.
Sherlock stood up straighter and John knew that this was going to be an argument that was going to be pointless. As Jim and Moriarty were arguing Sebastian looked over to John.
“Well I already told you I’m not going to leave Greg alone, so I don’t know what you were expecting.”
His heart had stopped all together. This couldn’t be happening first Irene then Sherlock! His attention was diverted though by the fact that Sherlock was actually still alive and standing on one of the swinging trapezes that were moving on their own.
He could hear the destruction and the felt the wind blow wildly around them. Getting up slowly he began to walk away.
“Then you want to try and stop it don’t you? That’s why with Irene and me, you want to try to help other people! I’m trying to understand you Sherlock but you act cold everyone. I think it’s just to shield yourself from something else. Maybe it’s from the pain of seeing others die. But I don’t for one second think that you don’t actually care.”
John thought for a moment that Harry would still put up a fight but she released his hand. They didn’t say anything as he left.
“That’s an interesting technique you have. I do admit I’ve never seen it before. You must be that anomaly that I’ve heard about,” Sebastian said to Sherlock who was looking at John.
Greg kept on running even as it began to rain. What was the point of his existence anymore? His only job was to hunt witches and he couldn’t even do that right. He wasn’t cut out for this life like Sherlock, Sebastian, or even Irene were. All he could do was hurt those around him now. He was a monster.
“We’re leaving now,” stated Sherlock who picked up the lifeless body. Sebastian cursed and ran over to them grabbing John.
“It’s Greg, he’s in trouble! Both Sebastian and him are about to have a fight and it won’t end well for him. You have come quick to stop it!”
“I’m sorry but this territory has been claimed by another Magical Boy. I just made a contract with Him not too long ago,” said Kyubey.
Holding her gem outwards in her hand, Irene was once again consumed by light changing into her other outfit. Irene asked them to pick up some of the old metal rods around them. After they chose their poles Irene used her magic to transform them into swords.
When they got back into the city they immediately went on the hunt for Greg. Sebastian being the excellent hunter he was took him less than an hour to track him down.
“I’m only saying what your fucking wish implies. You won’t ever get what you actually want by pussyfooting it. A girl can be given everything in this shitty world but it won’t change how she how she feels about you.”
They walked for a little while before Greg could detect anything with his soul gem. The trail led them to an alley often used by junkies but was thankfully not populated at the moment.
“You are certainly different. You already know don’t you? What it actually means to be a magical boy?”
“Oh poor thing he’s about to crack,” Irene smirked. John got on his knees and told Sherlock to take deep breaths.
Sherlock was trying so hard. He thought if he had enough grief seeds in his reserves he would destroy it. But everything he did, everything he tried, nothing worked.
“I can only stop and reverse and when I reverse time I have to go back to the start of the month. It’s an all or nothing kind of deal.”
“Help?” Greg finished John’s sentence. “Sherlock doesn’t give a damn about me. I can see right through him. He tries to act indifferent to everything but I know he does actually care. Just not about me. So he don’t say he wants to help me.”
“I’m sorry, Greg. I should’ve killed you when we first met and saved everyone all this misery. I shouldn’t have gone soft. Forgive me for that weakness. It won’t happen again.”
John paused for a moment flushing first with embarrassment but looking back he couldn’t remember anything. A dream? Somehow it felt like he was forgetting something important.
He was killing each witch on his own. He avoided Irene, he wasn’t going to bring her into this either. He was doing this on his own. Everything was going well. But Magnussen still came and everything went to hell again.
Sherlock didn’t know where the hell he was. He didn’t also know how he ended up here and not realize it. Though maybe he was knocked unconscious and this was all some weird dream, would be a better explanation since he didn’t seem to be in an actual “place”. The world seemed to be some weird distortion of a kind of chess board. Or at least the board was checkered black and white and there was something moving his way, that seemed part car and part king piece of chess. Before the speeding monstrosity could hit him he heard a voice.
John was finally getting some work done for school. With all the witches and magical boy craziness that had been going on for the last week he had been falling behind in his school work. He wondered if Sherlock had trouble balancing between being a magical boy and a regular student. Probably not because Sherlock was a genius. He also knew that his family was happy that he was staying in for the night.
“He’s not my boyfriend.” Sebastian gave a look that clearly said he didn’t believe him. “I’m not from around here. I came from one of those wealthy parents who don’t care about your siblings or you and are just so wrapped up in themselves clichés. That’s not why I made a contract. I didn’t really care about that. Not that I’m saying I’m not affected by my childhood but I don’t dwell on it and everyone has their own bullshit that they live with. I’ve never cared about other people but that changed when I met him.”
John was surprised by Irene. She had been trying to make it clear to them that she was only doing this for Kyubey. But he thought that deep inside Irene might actually care a little.
True to his word Greg went to school with John and Molly the next day. Molly scolded him for missing and for all the work he seemed to be falling behind in. Greg only smiled and tried to reassure John that he really was okay. John wasn’t so sure.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked in a venomous tone as he appeared next to Sebastian out of nowhere.
He wouldn’t put it past Harry to actually follow through on her threat and she was right. He couldn’t miss another day of school and then there was Greg to think about. He needed to meet with him and talk to him. He needed to talk to someone about all of this. While putting on his uniform he couldn’t help but think of Irene and how she died. Her headless body falling to the ground. Falling to the ground he covered his mouth keeping himself from vomiting. With the urge starting to subside he started to cry. All he could think of was that he was so happy that he was alive. Thank God he was alive.
John had declined going to the hospital with Greg and Molly, feeling that he would only get in their way. He claimed he had something important to do. The important thing was Sherlock and the doing was going out to eat together to address an important matter. John was able to slip the note to Sherlock during chemistry and Sherlock responded with the place they were going to eat. They met at Angelo’s, a little Italian restaurant that John had only ever heard about from Molly. According to her she had wanted to go for the longest time but needed to find the right person to go with. At the time he didn’t understand why she said that but when he arrived there he quickly realized what she meant. The waiter had immediately mistaken them for a couple on a date and sat them at a more secluded corner of the restaurant. John tried to tell him otherwise but failed miserably.
“It means that this world has been trying to get rid of the fucking anomalies that are contractors and instead has reached a vicious cycle of creating hunters that turn into predators that need more hunters to get rid of them. You’ve probably have thought it, even if you’re not a Magical Boy. None of this should’ve happened.”
Jumping towards the spider Irene whipped her riding crop through the air extending the end of it, hitting the witch. The spider witch first tried to scurry away, went on the offensive trying to swipe at Irene a few times but she was just too fast. As John watched he could tell she was smiling and enjoying herself. Using the whip to strike it several more times before she wrapped it up like she had done with the rabbit and finishing it off with a grand flourish.
Greg rested his hand on John’s should gripping it in a comforting gesture as he nodded in agreement.
Finally after throwing countless blades and spilling enough blood that his clothes began to look a little more red than blue, Greg had finally gotten Sebastian in the right position to strike at him. But Greg didn’t know that he was being fooled by Sebastian until it was too late. At such close proximity Greg swung his blade, striking the bayonet clean off the musket and when he saw Sebastian smile he knew he had fucked up. Sebastian swiftly moved the gun to the hand holding the sword and at point blank range fired. Then without any hesitation he moved the gun over each of his knee caps and shot right through them. Greg collapsed and screamed in agony. He felt bone of his knee caps shatter and the blood staining his clothes as he crumpled to the ground.
The honest answer shocked Sherlock so much, he finally broke. Going over to John he embraced him, holding tightly as he tried to not cry profusely. Why? Why does John feel so strongly? He doesn’t remember anything! He doesn’t even know about all the other times Sherlock has tried so hard to save him and he still is going almost headstrong to his tragic fate.
Sherlock wondered why he did bring the empty vessel with him. It could cause serious problems it wasn’t deal with correctly. But looking at John who had his head between his knees while hyperventilating, he knew why he had done such an irrational act.
“I don’t need your help. Stay out of it,” Greg hissed as he began to move toward Sebastian again. But before he could take one more step Sherlock flashed to where Greg was and with a swift movement of his hand, he knocked him out. Greg collapsed to the ground unconscious. The barrier that had kept John away disappeared and he ran to check on his friend.
“The thing in front of me wasn’t human! It was a gigantic monstrous bird out of hell and it was trying to kill me but I wanted to live! In that moment I wanted to live so I did the thing we were made for and I killed it! You can’t tell me the thing you saw before was human. You can’t tell me any of the witches you’ve seen were human!”
The heads whipped to the window when they heard storms sirens go off outside and the emergency broad cast system announcing a storm. Little did the masses know that it was really announcing Magnussen.
“You don’t have any faily that notice you’ve been fighting witches?” John asked, worried about the time Sherlock must have spent fighting alone.
“See John, what Sherlock says means nothing. That witch was nothing special. If anything it was weaker than usual.”
I will be posting my next story which is a third of the way done probably by the end of the moth. I hope you have enjoyed the story despite it taking forever to post it for no real good reason.
The witch along with everyone in the room were confused as to what had just happened. It tried again to eat Sherlock and then again but each time it took a bite, he would appear in another area of the tent. Finally it tried one more time but this time a small sequence of explosions took place inside of it until a massive explosion from within destroyed it all together. Sherlock landed in front of them as the labyrinth faded away. A grief seed appeared and Sherlock picked it up.
Then he could see that the bound almost formless figure they had become began to disperse like little starlights, and Sherlock closed his eyes hoping that if he woke up again, John would be there too.
“That’s very nice and al but can you please explain what the hell is going on?” asked Greg who was as frustrated as John.
What? Sherlock was with the boy moments ago and he didn’t think it could deteriorate so quickly. Damn it!
“Come on John, how long are you going to stay in bed? It’s not like you to miss school,” nagged Harry as she stood at the side of his bed.
Greg nodded, he didn’t quite know what to say to her and thought any words of encouragement would be treated with contempt. After all he wasn’t the one going through the ordeal, how could he know what she needed to hear. He noticed that molly had stopped walking. Before he could ask what was wrong, Molly began speaking.
“What that satanic cat is trying to say is that that body you’re holding is only an empty vessel. Everything that is actually your friend is that soul gem you just threw,” answered Sebastian.
“I’m not that concerned. Also Kyubey seems to really want you guys to make contracts and as I am eternally grateful to him, I’ve agreed to help you out for now. Once you have powers thought, you’re on your own. Plus it’s really fun to tease Sherlock by hanging out with you tow. He gets this look on his face that just makes me tingle.”
“So that’s the kind of monster he is,” said Sebastian who now understood what type of magical boy he was dealing with.
“Excellent. The first step is to find a trace of a witch. I usually look around abandoned buildings or bridges were people commit suicide. More often than you would expect, a witch is behind it.”
Greg couldn’t move from his spot as he watch Tom walk away. It wasn’t until John came to check on him did he finally react. As John walked up to his friend he could see that he was tearing up.
“You don’t know anything about Greg’s death, right? You didn’t know he was going to commit suicide?”
“Don’t worry about it. He just didn’t know he had a fetish for cosplay until he saw you in this,” said the girl.
Sherlock abruptly stopped walking, nearly making John crash into him. Turning around he gave John a severe look.
“You’re really pissing me off. So I think the first thing I’ll do is get rid of that self-righteous attitude.”
It was all so terrible, John was surrounded by a London in ruin but all he could focus on was the boy. Off in the distance he was fighting some sort of creature. He couldn’t quite understand what was going on but he knew one thing.
Head the character death tag. Also I decided to raise the rating because of future violence and death and thought better be safe than sorry.
He could see it now, John would make a wish with Kyubey and he would have to do it all over again, just to fail again. And if Kyubey was right about why things only kept getting worse, then it was his fault. He was only inflicting more misery on the person he cared for most in the world. It was all his fault.
“Of course. This city just can’t go to some idealistic child like him. He’ll end up dying a lot quicker that way if I don’t educate him.”
“Maybe we should just hear him out,” said John who was hoping that this conversation would not devolve into another fight.
That one little fact, had killed Sebastian and John could blame himself for that one too. If he hadn’t guilted Sebastian into helping him then he would be alive and helping Sherlock. Sherlock who he hadn’t seen since that day. He was finally going to know it all. No more lies, no more mystery.
Greg had turned into a witch, soon after the arrival of a fifth contractor named Sebastian Moran who also knew the truth about witches. He was surprisingly on Sherlock’s side and Greg didn’t trust him very much either. Sherlock had asked Kyubey to invite him thinking that they had strength in numbers. What he ended up causing was just another tragedy. After Greg had turned into a witch from despair of the truths of the soul gems. Irene who didn’t seem to care or believe Sherlock or Sebastian had a sudden break down and in that moment after they all had to kill the witch Greg had become, she caught Sebastian off guard and destroyed his soul gem.
“Well she does factor into it a lot but I’m telling you mate, it was the best thing I could wish for. Now are you going to let me finish talking or what?”
The feeling of being left out came quickly when he went to his next class. Everyone was pretty much paired up and there was an empty table at the back where he no doubt would have to sit. Walking up to the teacher though was just a formality, still having to introduce himself so he could be seated.
“To be able to see John Watson again, would you trade your soul for that and devote your life to fighting witches?”
Does it really matter? If we’re together here and now it doesn’t matter if we’re not in any other possible future.”
“I said don’t interrupt, do you want me to finish the fucking story or not?” John raised his hand in a mock surrender gesture. “Jim was this scrawny looking kid who looked like the wind could snap him in two. But it was his eyes. He could read your whole life story with just one glance but it was the first time that our eyes met that I knew he was special. He was clever in a way that was so far above anyone else you couldn’t even begin to understand what he was talking about. But it didn’t matter. I would hear him talk about space and his theories and he said that’s what he liked about me. The way I listened. Also I think he liked that I knew how to hunt but he would never say so.”
Molly had come by earlier, she wanted to talk to John and if not for Harry he was sure that she would have come in and start yelling at him demanding answers. But there was no way he could tell her anything about what was going on. He would never drag her down into this world full of witches and wishes. Harry had wanted to talk to him too but even she could tell that there was no way John was going to talk.
Sliding into his seat before his first class begun he gave a sigh of relief still able to make it on time. Greg turned from his seat in front of him, to face him.
Sherlock could see the whole universe in John’s eyes and for once he actually took the time to really look.
“It’s simple, I’m a magical girl. It’s not just my stunning personality, I can literally use magic. There really should be a different title for it though. It makes me sound like some nine year old waving a wand around.”
This timeline things were deteriorating more quickly. Greg had also become a contractor, after discovering the existence of them due to Sherlock being less careful with John. A mistake he didn’t see coming but his frantic attempts to get through to the others were in vain. He was thinking maybe with a fourth contractor they would have a better chance this time. It had to be this time.
“John Watson, do you treasure the people in your life? You wouldn’t do anything that would cause them pain?”
“This goes like all stories that have contractors go. Jim didn’t like people bowing to him because of my wish. He wanted to be recognized on his own merit or hold those in contempt that couldn’t see it because they were too simple. Jim began to spiral down into despair and I could do nothing to stop him. Then one day when one of his black moods hit it finally happened. He turned into a witch right in front of my eyes.”
“Sherlock Holmes, could it be that the reason John Watson has so much potential is because of you?” Sherlock remained silent but the tightening of his fist betrayed him. “I thought so. You’re a time traveler so each time you’ve rewritten the current events, you’ve increased the power of his Karmic Destiny.”
“I’m not the one who just acted like a rag doll with a witch,” Sebastian growled not feeling in a generous mood anymore.
“The doctors say there’s absolutely nothing left that they could do for him. All that can be done is to try to make him as comfortable as he can be before… you know."
“I don’t understand what makes a person decide to make a contract and why Sherlock doesn’t want me to.”
“I didn’t necessarily trick you. You simply never asked. Most of you don’t even believe you have souls since you can never feel them. Honestly most Magical Boys and Girls go through their lives never even realizing it. Take Irene for example she never knew about it, even in the end.”
John had only been a Magical Boy for a short time and Irene had taken him somewhat reluctantly under her wing but despite how much she complained about the idea of sharing her territory with someone else, she was secretly happy to not be alone anymore. She claimed to keep John around because she found it amusing how much he cared about the people but he certainly was good at his new job. Sherlock learned about what it took to make a contract and that there was a terrible witch coming in a couple of weeks named Magnussen. So it was imperative to train John as much as possible so they could fight it together. Sherlock was still having a hard time reconciling the existence of magic and wishes in the world but John was still with him every step of the way in this new reality. Right up to the moment when he died.
“Alright,” he said nodding in agreement.“I’ll explain everything in a moment,” he said to Sherlock before the two of them jumped toward the creature.
John did feel a little bad for Greg since he knew how much he liked Molly but the less she knew about what was actually going on, the better it really was. What John was anxious for though was whether or not Sherlock was going to show up to school or not. He didn’t know if he should confront him about what happened last night or if he should say anything at all. Sherlock came in at the last second, much to John’s relief. Greg however sent a challenging look to him. John just hoped that Greg wouldn’t start a fight and that nothing too strange could happen today. Still life would never be the same after yesterday.
Jim’s face for a split second was filled with outrage before settling into a calm but disconcerting expression.
Sebastian was at an arcade playing one of the many shooting games. The whole place with filled with the noises of the individual games with the familiar sounds of people gaining points and losing. The strobe lights weren’t that strong and the crowd was very thin. Sebastian could tell this time when Sherlock appeared behind him but it didn’t faze him. He simply carried on pointing and shooting.
“You can travel through time right? You’re the only one that can change anything. So please I’m sorry to force this on you. Please… don’t let me be fooled by Kyubey again,” John begged as a tear began to fall.
Lestrade had left his office, through the desks, down the corridor, gotten down in the lift to the ground floor, and halfway across the lobby of Scotland Yard before he was stopped.
John sighed. He'd never hear the end of this, from either of them, no matter which of them he sided with. On the other hand, Sherlock could make his life infinity more difficult than Mrs Hudson... of course; their landlady could always evict them. Decisions, decisions...
Mrs Holmes was stunning. Long black hair, that held only a sprinkling of grey here and there, and John half wondered why she didn't simply pluck them. She'd look more like Sherlock and Mycroft's sister if it wasn't for those singular age distinguishing marks.
John's brain stopped working as the detective sank the shorter man's cock into his warm mouth, and John's cries and whimpers became worse than incoherent. His fight to keep his hands against the door was lost, and his fingers tangled in the detective's hair, making the man chuckle, and pulling another deep throated groan from the doctor as he knees began to buckle.
"I can pour it down the sink if it's a problem, Sherlock" he added softly, in a much calmer mood now he wasn't dizzy from exhaustion "Stop being dramatic, if I'd fallen asleep in the middle, you'd have been even more pissed off."
The fact that Sherlock didn't even grumble at the menial task was actually a little unnerving, but John wasn't going to complain.
John may not be able to deduce a person's history from their car, their love life from their after shave, or their alcoholic sister from their mobile phone, but Sherlock was fast becoming certain that his lover was a pure genius in his own right; even if that genius only seemed to be useful in dealing with Sherlock, or if Sherlock seemed to be the only person who could see it.
"I was just thinking that, at this rate, I'll be lucky if you don't work out where we're going before we get there" there was a pause, and the Sherlock could hear the smile in Johns voice "What with that mental street map of yours"
"What do you mean, 'not tonight'?" Sherlock hissed, clearly offended "Do we need to schedule this in your diary, John?"
The Doctor was left alone with a quick acknowledging nod, and a basement full of files. The single computer was obviously used to look up cases, and then John would have to navigate the shelves upon shelves of cold cases that Scotland Yard had sitting around.
The problems didn't start until after dinner, when everyone moved into a huge hall for dancing, a scattering of tables around the room suggested that nobody was expected to sit still for very long, but Sherlock immediately led John to a table in the far corner, muttering briefly that it was his table, and that he'd be back in a few moments with "mother".
Between the euphoric high of solving the case, Sherlock's heated glances and the dedicated attention he'd been receiving since they came through the door, John was never going to last long, and his rapid keening cries were swiftly confirming that fact.
