“Hey big guy…”
“21st century old world,” Steven says. “It seems over the centuries many of the branches intermingled again and again.”
Steve chuckles in response. He shifts on the couch, causing his knee to touch Tony’s leg. For the first time, Tony realizes that Steve’s wearing shorts. Sure, he saw him earlier when he was wearing the glasses, but without the visual cues to prompt him to remember what outfit Steve is wearing, Tony tends to fall back on the same shirt and pants he wore the first day in the interview. While Steve talks about some comic book venture he’s been working on, the bare knee distracts Tony.
“I’m touched, really,” Tony says and amusement sounds in his voice. “But I want you to know, whatever we do, it isn’t just your choice.”
Steve is surprised and laughs as he shakes his head. “Buck is like a brother to me. We've been together since our parents died. Roaming the streets of New York trying to stay off a cop’s beat, and away from the lash of the nun’s whip.”
Clint relaxed his struggles. Pierce nodded to the enforcer agent and then waited as Clint took the silver flask away from the man. He gave one last glare at them and stepped up to Steve again. “I don’t want to do this.”
“And that is what you will get,” Strange said and gave a small nod.
“I didn’t. I know I didn’t. I had to save him. He’s my only family. But I went into a -.”
“Okay then. I’ll handle the press. You just have a good time.”
“Nope, I think I want to watch this one,” Natasha says and sits down on a heap of old bomb parts.
He only murmured, “Beloved.” So swiftly then did darkness cover him in its cloak of nothingness.
“He’s trying to keep you healthy,” Steve replies.
By the time he makes it to the Widow’s Brothel, his lungs are tight, and his vision pixelates. He stumbles in the door, passing Clint. Steve coughs and chokes a little and drops into a chair in the lounge. Clint follows him. Wanda – who is curled up in the corner of the couch scrolling through her tablet – sits up at attention. Steve almost forgot – it’s their day off.
Steve didn’t want to admit it, but he was suffering the consequences of too many feedings for Tony too close together. The serum was a miracle, but it wasn’t magic.
Tony stops her as he starts to yank off all the wires. “The Pentagon will update SHIELD. They have top brass on it right now. In the meantime, I’m going to take my husband home. If you need me, please contact my personal assistant.” Steve gets out of bed, but he’s only in a hospital gown. “Can someone get him some clothes?”
“Pretty bad,” Steve says. He’s not sure about the scale but the utterly defeated look and demeanor of Tony showed Steve enough. “I think he needs to just feel the sun on his face a little.”
It isn’t as if Bucky judged Steve, but he has always wanted to protect him. The West permits certain behaviors. The trail is long and hard for cowboys and steering cattle to their ultimate destination happens to be lonely work that lasts long weeks. Never surprises anyone when a friend lends a hand out in the open country of the range. But get close in toward civilization and the conventions of the society creep back into life.
Tony glances around and doesn’t recognize where they are. “Hey.” Bruce said Wakanda, but his brain is slow and thick.
“Tony I-.”
“Well, I am not your tragedy, dear Sheriff.”
Tony clenched his hands, wishing he had Blu with him. “I wanted to know if you needed any help?”
Bruce gives him a weary smile. “You can and you’re forgiven.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve said and maybe, somehow she’d shifted him through into a different reality. Maybe his Tony was gone. Maybe he had nothing left and she brought him here to a new place, to meet this new Tony. “Tony’s dead.”
“Vision just let you in here? You can’t be in here!” Tony yells and Steve grasps his shoulder keeping him in place. But there’s nowhere he can really go – not at all. He’s trapped by his blindness. This man, this stranger presents a danger and Tony can’t escape it.
The crank of the gate slowly opened, but Steve couldn’t hold on; he couldn’t wait. A line of V-Corps SUVs raced after them. He threw the clutch into high gear and hit the pedal to the floor. The Audi leapt toward the gate, kicking up the gravel and burning the pavement as he dunked down and thundered through the wire fencing with the small sign on it warning of private property and that all trespassers would be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The gate scraped over the hood of the car, breaking the windshield, cracking it. The glass shattered as the gate caught on the road, tugged, and then flung away from the car. The shards of glass hit Steve in the face and he used his arm to shield himself as much as possible.
“Where are you getting the veggies?” Tony asks and places the battery on the bench next to the single burner hot plate.
Steve reached out and Tony batted him away, but he didn’t let that stop him. He grabbed at Tony, not letting him go. He braced his hands on Tony’s shoulders. His own eyes watered and tears streamed down his cheeks. “You have to know, Tony. I know you. I know you get it that he was a prisoner of Hydra, made to do those things.”
Tony pulls the phone away from his ear and stares at it for a second, but then Clint calls to him a few times. Tony places the receiver to his ear again. “Yes, what’s going on?” He thinks he needs to pull over. The world around him narrows and he feels a fist squeeze his chest. “Is something, is something wrong?”  Why else would Clint call him?
“You’re dead. You died and you came here. I’m thinking it’s because you’ve been infected by the stones as much as we all have been,” Tony says and indicates no one else in the room. “From my understanding – Frigga again – you were in the presence of the infinity stones for quite some time as you tried to replace them in the timeline.”
“We do and I will,” Tony snaps and then focuses on the man in the cell. “Your oath to your alpha or the rebels of the Uprising.”
Hammer looks him up and down. “Assistant, huh? He needs another assistant like I need someone to wipe my ass. I bet you’re a spy.”
“Okay, then sure.” Steve gathers some food and other supplies. Tony needs to eat, and Steve assumes he’s been far too busy to even think about nourishment.
“Yeah, we heard a little of this before,” Steve said. “So, what does that mean? They’re still in the operation. Part of Hydra?”
Steve picks up the cylinder but Tony jerks and puts out his hands. “Careful, the core is in and I don’t want to ruin it. It’s the only one I have.”
“But it did enough because you went into heat during your time in Wakanda.” It’s a statement of fact not a question. Steve remains silent. “God, it’s true. It’s all true. You went into presentation with someone else. Was it Nat or T’Challa?”
“Do they-.” Tony doesn’t ask again who they are. “Do they have this place bugged?” That wouldn’t make any sense because Steve speaks about
That inferred accusation flashes across Steve’s face like a lightning cracking an overcast sky open. A grimace of anger, fear, and genuine sorrow mix on his features until he’s finally able to put the Captain America veneer back in place. “Logan didn’t do anything. I did it all. Me.” Steve leans to get his wallet out of his back pocket. “Listen, I’ll be out of the Tower by tonight. All I have is the duffle bag anyway. I never really bought anything.” He curses under his breath and for a long god damned minute Tony can’t react. He’s gobsmacked over the course of events.
Steve readies himself and picks up the largest of the blades. It glints in the light and he considers it. He doesn’t have a shirt on so it should be easy to slice through the skin near his collarbone. Bringing the knife to his throat, he watches himself in the mirror. He doesn’t look at his eyes; he might stop if he does. He takes it on like a military mission, something that has to be done. Holding his breath for a moment, he places the knife near his shoulder and then releases his breath. As he does he pushes in. A small bubble of blood oozes out and he goes deeper, hissing as the pain spears through the nerve. He knows how this feels. It was done to him time and again as a form of torture. He can do this.
Battling Hulk one on one won’t work. Hulk is physically stronger than Steve – he knows this and so he needs to figure out a different strategy. He pounds on Hulk’s back with his free hand, but that only serves to rile him. The stench overwhelms Steve, and he gags again. Hulk takes advantage of the moment and slams Steve further into the cushion of snow. A small avalanche of snow falls into Steve’s face, blocking his sight and nose. He struggles to get it off by shaking his head, but Hulk presses him down into the pile of snow. Soon, breathing will become a problem. It’s already a problem, the narrow passageway he chokes in some air is barely enough.
Steve freezes any reaction, he can't look into Tony's gaze. It's too present, too dark, too intense to be able to hold without cracking and breaking. He wants to run, escape because even now, he's not sure he can succumb to his own needs, his own desires. All his life, he's spent denying the attraction, ignoring his deviance from the normal. But Tony's here, holding onto him, anchoring him, and he sinks, into the chair, but not pulling his hand away.
The spark in Tony’s expression tells Steve he’s stepped back into the Dead line like they had in the prison camp. Any man that crossed the Dead line was shot, no questions asked. He weighs what it means to break lines with Tony.
“The first time?” he says, and Natasha clasps his hand.
“No. I think it’s working. It has to be around 6 or so.”
Tony pounds the glass and says, “That’s the rote response. Tell me the truth. What the hell happened?”
“No, but the prince must be to call you a personal assistant.” Rumlow bends close to Steve’s ear. “Instead of the whore you really are.”
Tony shrugged away Natasha’s disapproval. Nothing to be done about it now, anyway. The truth was the truth. He opened the power drink. “At least drink this while the synthetic blood does its thing.”
Steve snickers. “Hard to tell when there’s so many drifts around.”
“He’s that important to the whole of this world and the universe. Save him and save yourself, let him flounder, look for revenge and fall into hate, well, let’s just say the Red Skull’s got a nice chamber down there with your name on it.” Fury smiles with a glare that reminds Steve of a demon.
He dismisses Steven to go and clean up as well as dress for the day. They have a long and difficult day in front of them. Steven leaves him, exiting to the omega rooms to the side of the presentation suite. Tony plans on keeping only Steven as his omega, though other family head alphas have been known to keep more omegas – one warrior and several drones for use. The alphas in his clan have omega drones or warriors of their own, all of which would be put to use if a war ever broke out, though Tony doubts the fabled omega warrior rage would be of much use in the age of Court Vessels and fleets of warrior ships.
“You must go to them,” Thor added. “The shields are down. Your air defense will cover you.”
“No. I am not.” Yinsen stands up and goes over to a little table that has a single burner hot plate. “Now, can we try the soup again.”
“Enough substance for us to figure out what the whole rim is about,” Steve says and then cringes. “Ultron really does like playing with his food.”
“Yeah,” he replied. Tony needed to understand, needed to allow Steve the space and time to adjust to his new normal. He couldn’t fixate on the probabilities of what if and how or when in their relationship, he needed to step back and allow it to grow on its own.
“More than that,” Steve said. “Sorry, don’t know why I got all emotional. I’m usually not like that.”
“This wasn’t my intention,” Clint said. It should have been said with conviction. Tony heard it at the start of the sentence but it petered out, worn and feeble.
"Were you born that way?" Tony asks and folds his arms and leans on the table; he reminds Steve of lawyers he's watched in his experience as a law man.
“Clint?” That’s Steve calling from across the hall.  He’s back at the door in seconds and glowering at the guy. “Clint, go rest. I’ll come by later with the meds and the groceries.”
It closes the door on asking anything else, on any other conversation. Tony could demand answers, punish for answers, but where has that gotten him in the last days? He needs to reassess how he will interact and treat Steven. Being a bonded pair has depth to it that Tony never imagined. Talking to Natalie opened his eyes a little over the days of the conference. It allowed him to see what he’d been missing, what Estane had clouded his brain with.
“You don’t have to do this, Tony. You only have to do what you want to do.”
“Stop the seizures?”
After that, they end up leaving the shop with five bags of goods with a few being shipped back to the brothel. During the many times they were measuring this or that or comparing different options, Steve spent time on his tablet researching the prince. One thing that struck him was the fact that of all the royalty in the Conclave the prince rarely wore any jewelry which was very different than the others in the Elite class. The prince usually wore a signet ring and a brooch at his throat and that was it. Steve managed to pick out a brooch for the prince under the guise of using it for himself. It was a simple silver star. Luke hemmed about it, but Steve convinced him it would look good with the white suit. He tucked it in the bag with a dubious glance at Steve.
He might slam the door to the bath a little harder than necessary. Reaching up, Steve hooks the hanger to the back to the door and unzips the bag, then staggers back. He tears open the garment bag and stares, stunned at the uniform. It’s a full fledged Stark Fleet uniform – a dark red maroon color with a gold star crested on the chest. Several gold stripes radiate from the star and the pants have black stripes down the side. It’s gorgeous and he has no idea if it will even fit. Steve digs for the zipper and finds that it’s some kind of strange nanite that peels open as his fingers brush over the sides of the suit. It falls into his arms and he clutches it to his chest. The idea of being officially part of the Stark Fleet, part of the Stark faction thrills him and steals his breath. Steve needs to calm down or he’s going to need extra meds to control his gasping. No one has ever wanted him like this before, not on Brooklyn, not in the Brothel.
“It’s okay, Buck,” Steve says and grips his shoulder. It’s the wrong thing to do because Bucky rears up and shoves Steve away. Staggering back, Steve pitches over the wooden chair he’d been sitting vigil on and tumbles to the floor.
“Packs can be up to ten members, with various membership names chosen by the leader. The leader will get a tattoo or soul mark for each member. Some soul marks are more intricate than others. Some leaders are branded on the arm and chest.” He didn’t relish having marks all over his body at all. It seemed since the Rebirth project, Steve’s body wasn’t his own anymore.
The kitchen in the mansion on 5th Avenue fades away – a past he can no longer cling to for solace. He swallows down the bile in his throat. That innocent little boy disappears with the years and leaves only a dry ash of death in his mouth. All the years in between the naïve but hopeful boy and death monger he became exploded with a deafening blast with his name plastered on the side of the bomb. The pain in his chest throbs and all Tony wants to do is roll over, but it hurts too much to move.
. “That means so much to me.”
They walked amicably with Clint’s bow at the ready. As they trudged along the wooded path, Steve said, “It mustn’t be too bad considering you’re out here.”
His First climbs up the last of the ladder and swings the tablet from her waist clip. She eyes Steven and then offers the tablet for Tony to review. “Isn’t that the tradition? He can work with Harry once we dock.”
No time to think about that now. Steve focuses on getting his hair styled and clearing up the hickeys on his neck. As he paints over them, his mind wanders and the memory of Tony sucking at him, biting at him, saying how delicious he is goes straight to his cock. He’s already wanting Tony. He supposes that’s good, for someone like him. He can use his daydreams to his advantage. Nodding, he silently vows that he can use his attraction as a positive.
“I want someone who can help me with my designs and that’s why I asked for a mathematically inclined PA. You don’t fill that need, but you do have art in your background. Did you take technical drawing courses? Computer design?” Tony rattles off as many as he can think of in a short time.
“That’s a diversion. I refuse to be off put by a diversion!” He jumps up, dusts his hands off, and when Steve doesn’t run for the hills, he sidles onto the arm of the recliner. “Kiss me, you big muscle bound man.”
“I don’t know, you should talk with Fury. He might-.”
“Tony is perfectly capable of ordering his own meal,” Steve snaps.
“You can guess probably. Wakanda is here for us, but we have to do the bulk of the work. I agreed. We do. It’s our problem. Wakanda seems to have their head on straight as far as vampires and Divini are concerned.” Steve sank down next to Tony. “And I have ideas, how we can appeal to the people, the everyday people, but still.”
Steve’s first thought as he regains consciousness is how fucking cold Ultron makes everything. He peels his eyes open and gathers his thoughts, forcing himself not to concentrate on the frigidity of his muscles. It’s impossible. His muscles ache and strain against bonds holding him upright. Chains link him to a ceiling, but it’s too dark to see how far above him. He shifts and tries to figure it out, but the chains sway and show him how very far down he is.
Just then Pep and Jamison join them. Tony notices the scrutinizing eye his Master of the Fleet gives Steven and then how his expression freezes to neutral afterward. Not wanting to deal with questions, Tony ushers them into the large conference room. Many of the lower ranking alphas interested in the coalition are sitting in the chairs that surround the main conference table. This is a make or break meeting. If he goes to the Council with not only the backing of major players but these minor alphas as well, then Tony will have a strong case for the High Alpha Chair.
“Other than I wish it was January?” Tony says as he steps up to the windows of his bedroom. The city lies before him like a sleeping steel monster. As a child he thought of it as some mythical beast, a living breathing creature ready to rise up from the waters of the Hudson and roar its disapproval of humans. He smiles. “If it was January, I’d use the glasses one last time to see the Northern Lights.”
Steve nods. At this point with the coagulated blood on his face, his frozen hands, and his cracked rib, he’s easy to please. He stands next to Tony, letting the heat radiating off the plating warm him. Tony lifts both arms and aims at the Quin Jet. He blasts and then drills holes along the side. Once he’s finished, they slam it open and push the severed fuselage aside.
“Well, don’t worry about it too much. He’s leaving for DC soon,” Tony said and he stood up. He didn’t need to sit here and listen to this crap. This “let’s all get along” shit. Although he knew that Bruce hadn’t said anything about that at all. What Bruce said only served to open up the idea of sympathy and maybe a little pity for the Grandpa Hero.
Steve drops his hands and the sorrow in his expression renews the pain in Tony’s chest. It feels like ice shards. “Yes. I’m the man who sacrificed everything for nothing.”
“Making me the boss, getting married – what’s this all about Tony?” Concern etches her features.
“Ravage me, you beast.”
“Be nice to get some of the chili, Darcy,” Steve says.
“I am sorry I missed the service for your loved one,” Thor said. He wore civilian clothes, a black suit with a dark maroon shirt. Mjolnir was nowhere to be seen.
“Mainly wrote my script on the back of the prop shield.” He runs his hand through his hair. “I’ll be there for you.”
Besides for Steve it has never been about a friend lending a hand; it’s been about attraction and love. Bucky might not understand it, but he’s always shielded Steve from the disdainful looks of those who would crucify him for his tendencies.
“He’s your creation, Tony. He knows,” Steve says and part of him crumples. Not outside, Steve never permits anyone to see how crippling the battle can be. As Captain America, it’s his job to maintain a certain stoic and positive outlook. The thing is – it’s a façade that’s getting harder and harder to preserve, especially in Tony’s presence.
Steve found Clint to be an amicable travel companion, though a quiet one. He studied the crowd and remained on alert at all times. The idea that he needed a security guard was more than just outside the realm of ridiculous; it was ludicrous. He kept it to himself, though. After two years Steve hadn’t seen Clint on the active duty roster for SHIELD. That meant a lot. If this was Fury’s way to ease Clint back into the game, Steve could handle it. Plus it would give him time to get some shut eye. Being part of the pack actually toyed with his sleep habits because he discovered that he needed to astrally check in with each of his pack members before sleep. Most of the time a simple brush of consciousness worked. Other times the bond mate settled close to Steve’s soul energy for solace. He didn’t know if the other member was consciously aware of doing it, but he offered it all the time now.
“It’s to keep the shrapnel from your heart,” the doctor says. He pats on battery sitting on the table next to the cot. “It’s a car battery. An electromagnetic charge is keeping the shrapnel from the bomb from traveling to your heart and killing you.”
“I left.” His words rasp. “I went back in time. It was terrible not to have you even if you weren’t mine.”
his mother’s death with his own finger tips as if he’d done it himself.
“That would be nice. Thanks.” He settles in the pilot’s chair and Tony sits next to him. He pulls off his helmet. There’s not much light but enough for the job. He just needs it straightened.
Tony brightens. “It better be. Off to the lacrosse game.”
“Oh but he’s here, boss,” Penny says and giggles. Why did he program her like this?
Walking out of the hospital weeks ago might have been the hardest thing Tony had ever done.  Staying away ranked up there as the second hardest. Throughout the weeks after the fall of the Triskelion and the exposure of SHIELD as a Hydra society, Tony battled and debated with himself about the merits of being part of the soul pack. He tried to keep it rational, logical and devoid of emotions, but Tony admitted that the latter was just impossible for him. Even at a distance he heard the rattling of the soul pack. From the wisp of Natasha as she said farewell and seemed to close herself off, to Bruce fighting on a daily basis to stay sane, to Sam balancing his life and duty with his own hopes and dreams and finally to the ache of Steve as he worked to deal with a sense of abandonment again. Tony refused to take that as an indictment of his actions. Steve shouldn’t feel alone – he had Sam and Peggy. Natasha seemed to feel a long way away so maybe that was a little painful, but Tony – as his Beloved- really meant nothing. Hell, they didn’t even know each other after two years of Steve being awake.
Plaintive and singular the word struck Tony right in the middle of his chest. The rest of the ward disappeared into the shadows.
Steve opens the door and Tony, with glasses on, steps through. Inside the place looks even more gothic and medieval all rolled into one. What is a doctor of neurology doing with knight armor or other medieval and ancient instruments of torture? The grand staircase leads to a massive window, but Steve directs Tony to the left and toward the offices. A small plaque indicates the main offices and Steve follows it.
“What’s he saying? What?” Tony says and his anxiety is evident in his wide eyed look. The smudges of dirt and grease cannot hide his fear.
“I needed something to take the edge off. Slamming a ball around a court at someone, helps,” she replies, and she hugs him. “It’s good you’re home, Tony.” Her chin rests on his shoulder. “I was so worried when we couldn’t contact you and no one could trace you, not even JARVIS.”
“Barton’s farm,” Tony supplies.
“Yes and we think it might be an organized hit, we don’t know. Watch for it.”
“I know someone,” Steve says. “And my coffee’s fine.”
“Most probably because they played with time. You, Steve, and the other me, we twisted time, entangled it within the singularity and warped it. It’s the only explanation,” Tony says. “They didn’t erase the past, they just trapped it with the Ornari and the other Steve.”
“You’re so perfect.” He runs his hands down Steve’s thin chest, over his boney shoulder. He makes Steve feel alive and beautiful all at once. “I want to stay here all night, but I only paid for the hour.” His voice drops like he’s embarrassed.
“What can I tell you, I’m off the clock,” Steve smirks at Tony. “Come on, we’re going to have fun and you’re going to like it.”
“As you say, sir,” JARVIS confirms.
Tony snaps his fingers and Thanos, his forces, all of it disappears in ashes. The power of the gauntlet with the infinity stones suffuses through him, burns and scorches him. His lungs turn into sacs of death, his skin curdles, his muscles shrivel. His brain blisters. He’s dying.
they said.
Tony considers him as he stabs at a cranberry in his salad. “Brooklyn, right?”
He'd wanted to scream and fight but the Scholars of the Jedi order taught him as well as the younglings.
“There’s a second chance. I believe it. I believe Morgan will be happy and fine. Don’t tell me that’s not so, Rogers. I couldn’t deal with it if it isn’t.” Tony glares at him as if challenging him to deny him this belief.
Steve slides over the plate to Tony. It has a double decker club sandwich with potato chips on the side – another thing Pepper would grumble about him eating. She always replaced them with some weird granola chips or something.
Steve has his hands pushed between his legs and he sits hunched over.  Tony has no idea what happened to his phone.
CHAPTER 3
He hears a scuffling behind him and finds Tony by his side, his hand at the small of Steve’s back. “Then let me come with you.”
“I understand where you’re coming from, Obie, I do. Uniting the factions is crucial to this war, but forcing it – well, we all know how that went with globalization back on Mother Earth.” Tony rotates the chair so he can’t see Steve anymore. He looks directly at his right hand man, “There has to be another way. How about a vote? I’d feel more comfortable with a vote.”
“Don’t you have a mate? A human?” Tony said, and he knew the answer. He didn’t know why he asked. Bruce tugged at his hair a few times and he rocked in his seat. “Hey, you’re not going to go all crazy now are you?” Where the fuck was Natasha when he needed her?
Each of the high backed cushion chairs at the table are a deep red in color with gold trim. Steve's never seen them before and he suspects they don't belong in the room or in the saloon at all. Tony wears a perfectly tailored white suit with polished white boots; something Steve's never seen before in all of his travels. Tony gets to his feet when Steve joins him at the table and gestures to the other upholstered chair.
“Yes, you did, or maybe it’s what you haven’t done.” She leaves that bait dangling out there and disappears.
Steve cannot believe how hungry he is for it. How the hedonistic tendencies down deep in his soul flood him and he cries for Tony’s whole fist. “Please all of it. Please.” His cock is unattended, heavy with want but he needs to ride this feeling of bliss. Being so filled is overwhelming and too much to bear all at once.
Steve walked out from the center and pointed to outlying clusters. “What’s this?”
“You can’t compel me to do this, Tony,” he says and the room swoons around him. He swallows a few times and closes his eyes for a brief moment.
“As good a place as any,” Sam said but it was Bruce who pushed them apart.
“No. I invented several different ways to get around my blindness. The glasses are one.” He reaches for them and can’t find them on the desktop. He waits. It’s Steve who realizes and then jumps to fetch them. He places them in Tony’s hand, gently like he thinks he might break. “Hand them to me like you would anyone. I can’t see, I don’t have Brittle Bone Disease.” He slips the glasses on. “These are my latest invention.” He can see Steve now, how he’s jittery like a frightened puppy taken away from his mother too son. “I can see everything with them. They relay the information to an implant in my brain.” He touches the back of his skull and says, “Feel it.”
“There’s no word, but the leader has been pillaging villages and scorching the Earth as he rages about the lion.”
Tony balked. “Fury? Christ, how do you know how it is to kiss Fury?”
“They weren’t going to lose it. I went in uniform to send it.”
Tony beams. He reaches out, finds Steve’s arm, and then grasps his hand. “I couldn’t have done this without you. Not a minute of it. And the dock? That was as much me as you. I shouldn’t have been so careless.” He makes grabby hands. “My glasses. Give me my glasses.”
Ross smiled, an expression laced with venom. “Of course, it does. The design is specific for the coagulate that vampires use after biting the mate. Biologically, there’s no other molecule like it in the animal kingdom.” He paused and looked directly at the camera. “Dead or alive.”
There’s something cold and hungry about the man. As the lift settles on the upper level, Tony says, “Why the 21st family tree? What were you looking at other than the omega who cut out his own bonding gland?”
Usually, Tony found this type of intimacy disturbing and frightening. Part of him attempted to pull away but the sound of the words transformed and melded not only into sounds but something more. The words reached into him, defining him and turning him from solitary to bonded.  It terrified him. He wanted to tug away, but the bond drew him, lured him within its weavings. It mesmerized and hypnotized. It felt as if it became part of his blood, his bones, his breath. It grew out of him.
Natasha speaks again. This time he can make out a haze of her bending over him. Her red hair glows like fire. “There’s a stem, a bundle of nerves at the apex of the gland. You- you cut it out. That nerve bundle is important. It balances the brain of the omega as well as the metabolism. Apparently-.”
“And you’re going to let that stop us?” Steve whoops into the microphone and then the motorcycle charges down the road.
Steve placed his hand over Tony’s. “If not for you I would be dead or worse.”
“We need a strong first vote though,” Steven says. “If you get that, then you can make the case to put together a government and claim the chair. Once you have it, you can keep it.” He checks them out and then adds, “Fury brings the Elders of Shield and the Upper Lanes water resource with him. Natalie brings the Wayfarers and the Outlands. Thor brings Asgard. Tony brings the technology centers and the firepower. With that we should have a powerful coalition.”
Strange had both hands to his temples. “Let’s start from the beginning, shall we?”
“You keep saying that.”
The bureaucrat jitters as he tries to straighten his stained uniform. “What can I do for you, sir?”
He climbs to his feet and finds Steve leaping from the bed. He's naked. His body and face are bruised. His jump stumbles and he curls over his midsection, clamping a hand to obviously injured -probably cracked- ribs.
“He’s just joking. There are no purple aliens,” Steve said.
“Okay, come on, don’t fall now,” Tony says and easiest him down the steps of the patio to the white sands. The sand is warm, but not hot so it can’t be mid-day yet. Steve glances up at the sky and sees the sun still hanging low in the eastern sky.
Steve pushes past the prince. He’s naked as the day he was born, but that’s not going to stop him. Nothing stops him when he’s on a roll. “Yes, as in rape. I convinced him I could only blow him.” When Steve says blow, Tony blanches. “Because I wasn’t prepped to have him rip me to shreds. Well once he pulled out his dick, I grabbed hold of it, twisted and punched him in the face. I thought he was down, but I stupidly didn’t disarm him. So, he used the bully stick what you called the shock rod on me.”
Tony beams. “Sure does, Cap. Now how about you?”
“There’s more than one, Steve.” He hangs out of the bathroom door. “Last chance. I give a mean blow job on the shower.”
Dressed as casually as Fury in jeans and a leather jacket, she pulled a tablet out of the messenger bag she held, turned it on with a swipe, and then with a few taps handed it to Steve. Tony tried to sit up and see what was on the screen, but Bruce batted him down and continued to clean the burns on his chest. Thankfully they looked like they were only first degree.
Tony frowns. He never knew how much Captain America thinks about food. “Sounds good.”
Where could this possibly be going?
Before long and after the kitchen is spotless clean, Tony wanders back to his work in the basement. He’s itching to finish the job. One thing that he hates is leaving a job like this not complete. He switches on the lights and rummages through some of the shelving units to find more wires and tools he might need. He sorts the mess and then examines what he’s already done. It shouldn’t take too much longer to fix up the rewire job. He finds a certain serenity in doing work with his hands.
He enjoyed the company of all of his team mates, though he spent most of it with Steven. The Captain possessed the same mindset - he was a warrior and he pledged to do good - as Thor had. The Captain spent his time and his life striving toward that one goal. Thor found companionship in his daily workouts, his strategy sessions, his team meetings. It pained Thor when the Captain canceled a meeting or skipped a sparring session for some other obligation. Thor would sit staring - blank and empty inside - hoping that that Captain might find more time for him. He felt foolish and stupid. He worked off the frustration in the gym, but still when the Captain graced his presences again, the lights brightened and the world’s burden lifted from Thor.
“I noticed,” Steve muttered.
“Hmm. No.” He frowns. “Is Tony okay? Is he sick?”
“Shit!” Tony gulps the air in little puffs. Jesus, if Steve knows about his addiction problem – maybe, just maybe he can’t stand Tony. Maybe he’s trying to figure out a way to leave him without hurting him. After all, it had been Steve showing up at the Tower penthouse apartment, bag on shoulder, asking Tony for a chance. All out of the blue. It wasn’t as if they had a history. Steve stood in front of him, the light from the penthouse windows shining over Tony’s shoulders and glinting across his face like the rays on a Greek god. He looked road ragged: exhausted, hungry, and excited as if he’d only just come out of the ice and figured out what the new world around him might offer. It’d been a revelation, those first few days. Tony had been tentative, maybe his pained heart just couldn’t stand the idea of rejection again, but maybe it was the recovery. It always took him some time to come out of his alcoholic haze, to realize that people loved him, or even wanted to be around him. Maybe it scared Steve and he was just looking for a way out now – thus the awkwardness in their dating life.
“Mer Stane scheduled an emergency meeting for you in fifteen minutes. I’m afraid he’s categorized it as high priority.”
“I do have a rope.” His tone doesn’t even sound hopeful to him.
“I don’t think we have thirty minutes!” Steve points. “There!”
No words. No feelings. No bond.
Steve fumbles around and Tony sees that same lost look in his eyes again, but he manages to retrieve the keys from his pocket. Tony grabs them and then orders Steve into the car. He looks like he’s about the protest, but Tony glares at him and cannot believe it actually works to get the man into the car. Steve settles next to him and that’s when Tony notices it for the first time – he’s trembling. Not overtly but with small quakes as he tries to put on his seatbelt. Tony doesn’t have time to help him but revs the car into drive and then steers it close to the motorcycle. He tosses the keys out the window and hopes to god that Steve has his phone.
“And I didn’t write your ass up, be grateful. Plus I’m the one who gave you the intel on that mission,” Fury says and glares at Steve. “I share, I’m nice like that.”
It’s surprisingly fast. The nanites are prepped and injected within the first 30 minutes after Tony confirms that all of the tests indicate they have a working batch. Logan and Bruce sit in the background of the lab while a nurse helps inject Tony and Steve. Tony flinches once when the needle pierces him. He doesn’t really like anyone touching him and least of all medical staff. Steve doesn’t react when the black liquid disappears into his vein.  They sit there opposite one another on stools as the nurse cleans up the needles, tapes on the bandages, and then tells them to stay and not leave while JARVIS monitors them for any ill effects.
That’s when the weight, the mouth pressed up against his chest came into horrifying relief. A vampire – some vampire other than Tony – fed off of him, suckling at his chest. He was strung up again, his arms splayed out and his legs imprisoned constrained and tight together. His cock stood up straight as the vampire continued to feed and inject the hormone to cause the arousal. Steve willed his cock to stop, to go flaccid, but his brain couldn’t fight against biochemistry. He struggled in his bindings, pushing against the stranger sucking on his chest but he couldn’t get the leverage. The vampire pulled away then, and Steve flared his nostrils as he exhaled.
“Just meditating,” Bruce answers and scratches at his head. “I’ll get the supplies. Take a seat.” He points to the couch and Steve follows orders. If anything, having to get tested early only stigmatizes him because he failed to follow the rules.
“You know,” Tony said and let out an exhale. “You say that like it’s a burden. Like I did it to force you to be around me.”
“You came into the presentation suite. You came to me. What did you expect?” The challenge rises in his voice again, in his demeanor even though he’s naked with the belt holding him flaccid.
Tony lays his head on the omega’s back, panting. Sweat pours down his back, his shirt sticks to him. He grapples with it and then says, “If I let you go and you come, I’ll stun you.”
He starts to walk away. He places his hand on the ornately carved door handle. “If you do see him, if you talk to him, tell him – tell him, he’s free.”
“Clint’s still out there,” Natasha says, her eyes like bullets shot to his heart.
“I know, I know. The tunnel to the garage. Let’s get there.” Steve gripped Tony’s wrist. Letting adrenalin energize him, Steve rushed out of the room and down the hallway with Tony in tow.
“Oh!” Clint said in mock surprise. “Are you Iron Man?”
“Your family?” Nothing computed, and he felt as if his brain had been hacked up and spit out.
Steve stares at his hands – they look no different than they once did in life. Strong, able, powerful. He imagines he sees the many stains of blood, the torn flesh of hatred that filled his heart when he thinks of what he’s done. He curls his fingers into fists. Part of him wishes for a punching bag like he had all those years ago on a different Earth – a different place.
“Not sure yet,” Steve says. “Depends on the actual attendance.” He notices she’s bypassing several of the security procedures. “You can’t do that Natasha, you have to-.”
She snickers. “Really, Rogers?” Somehow she jumps through the hurdles and finishes without answering and completing the security checkpoints. “Tell me, Rogers, is that the best you can do with security?”
Steve wipes a hand through his hair. “Yeah. It was great. I haven’t ridden like that in years.” He looks out to the pier; it’s empty of any boats. Just a long dock stretching out into the ice blue sea. He breathes out and sighs. “Oh, I need a drink. Too bad we didn’t bring some water.”
“Don’t you worry about that. We’ll get it out of his view.” Ana stroked his cheek and he’d fought back the tears and he grasped the lion close to his chest.
“Don’t worry. It will be worth it.” Tony snickers and then feels for his cane. “I have to call Pepper now. Why don’t you rest? I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“And yet you did to try and save the universe from Thanos, did you not? Although you did to sneak Loki off Asgard to avenge me. Do not play games with me, Heimdall. You may see the fabric of space-time and the weaving of souls, but you do not fool me.” Frigga glares at him with piercing eyes.
Tony shakes a hand at the two quarreling members of their team. “This is team building night and they are destroying our team. They are fighting over ridiculous shit, and can’t come to some accords.”
Steve glances at the clock. It’s a little after 2 pm in the afternoon. “We could probably have the roast chicken. We still have enough time for that.”  He goes to the refrigerator and pulls out a large whole chicken from the lowest shelf. “I brought three, but I think we’ll just need the one.” He puts it in the sink. “But I still think I’ll need something for lunch since this probably won’t be done until around 5:30 or so. Do you want to make something for lunch?”
He let his hand drift over his chest, touching the intricate design. What did the universe have in store for him? Did he have free will anymore? Was he just a cog in the machinations of the universe? This wasn’t him. He wasn’t maudlin, and he didn’t overly analyze his own actions and purpose in life. He’d spent time evaluating the soul pack and bond, but he never questioned who he was or what his motives were. He washed his face again and dried it, trying to put away his fears and his doubts as he did. He gathered up his discarded clothes and hung them in the closet in the bedroom. Mechanically, he took off his pants and hung them as well. He found the provided robe in the closet and touched it. It wasn’t in him to waste his time and laze around in a posh robe.
“Oh yeah,” Tony says. Words and ideas dry up.
“If you need me?”
Fury ushered them out of his office and they ended up in what Steve could have called his office if it hadn’t been for the fact it was vacant, offered only folding chairs, and there was no name plate on the door. Still, Steve stowed his bag here when he was at the Triskelion.
“Not ones I can’t control,” Tony replies and grabs Steve’s elbow. “Perhaps something to eat like you suggested.”
Tony looked to the window where Steve motioned. There, like figures from a
“JARVIS?” Steve walks out into the main room as he finishes cleaning his teeth.
That drew Tony away from his studies. He jumped up and rounded the desk to place his hand on Steve’s cheek. “You’re colder than I am. You should have stayed in bed. Why are you up?” This was all Tony’s fault. Natasha was right; he’d overfed – again.  Steve swayed on his feet as Tony grasped his arm. “Shit, we need to get you back to the bedroom.”
“Well, you were busy being sick,” Sam said as he ticked them off on his fingers. “Being a soldier, being dead. So, we can give you a pass that you didn’t exactly figure out that you are bi.”
Tony’s touch grounded Steve, and he clung to it as a child might clutch for safety. He glanced around the room – a hospital bay in a strange land. The weakness that had plagued him when he’d woken on the Helicarrier left only vague strands of memory. His strength returned as he breathed through the confusion. He felt his lung fill easily, his heart pump robustly, and he sighed in relief. Tony petted him and said, “We think you’ve turned the corner.”
“I’m not sure you can do anything for him. He’s cognitively not following directions. If SHIELD was still around, we would be calling their doctors in. As it is, we’re considering whether or not we should-.”
“Of course, there are, but no one that fits what he likes. You’re it.” Natasha slides a hand over her interactive desk and a holograph of the Prince appears. He’s undeniably handsome with wild dark curls and knowing eyes. He’s fought in the war alongside his troops and is known as Iron Man because of the augmented armor technology he carries inside of him. Strength and power radiate off him as if he was a super nova. “He likes men the most though he’ll do a variety of genders. He requested a cis man for this trip. Scott’s way too ridiculous for the prince though he might appreciate the pranks and besides, Scott’s a vagina kind of guy anyhow. Marc, well he’s too big for the Prince’s taste. He likes slim men that aren’t afraid to voice their opinions.”
“What? No!” Bruce scowled. “Not at all. It’s images and feelings. Not much else. Except I did get something – a little bit of a word transfer when we bonded.”
.  Maybe his luck is changing. He scans the cityscape; it’s hard on the eyes, the glare and glint of metal and steel. It sets his heart fluttering rapidly. He gulps a few times and then smiles. How can this all be his? He presses a hand to the window.
Hill eyed Tony but concentrated on Natasha and the situation at hand. “I can see what I can do, but the fact is you released all of SHIELD’s dirty little secrets on the web.” She moved to the reception area anyhow and leaned over to talk to the nurse on duty.
“I have sensors in the room. It connects with the implant in my head via Bluetooth believe it or not and helps me. Just using Dummy here to get into your space. I didn’t add sensors in there.”  Tony grins and gives a slight squeeze to Steve’s upper arm. It’s nice.
“You know, I was there. I watched as they hung him on the tree. I sent the iron skewer through his chest.” Rumlow laughed. “He’s a corker, I can tell you that. Fights like a fucking mad dog. Bit quite a few of the Agents. Almost tore one of their heads off. Except we used the wood poisoned gloves.”
Steve murmured a yeah, though it felt like lying. Maybe it was. “I gotta get dressed.”
He blinks away the wetness stinging his eyes. He sits in the cushioned chair in the room. A bag sits at the end of the bed. Tony informed him this morning that they would be leaving Korea and flying to the United States. Eventually they will end up at Avengers Headquarters in Upstate New York, but first they have the little problem of Steve’s criminal record and status. Once in the States, Steve will be briefly taken into custody for questioning and then remanded to Tony’s custody.
“Sure, it was fast and furious, but hell, we’ve been denying ourselves all this time. I mean I wasn’t going to fuck a lion, but I love you and I am damned happy you’re you now.” He strokes a hand down Steve’s cheek. “We have all the time in the world.”
Tony smiles but it’s small and wistful. “Yes. A team. Steve. You were Captain America, and you led the Avengers.”
“Or I could hang you from my rack and have my crew fuck you to show that you’re submissive to anyone and everyone I saw,” Tony retorts and his anger boils to the surface.
Dawn.
“Why do I get the feeling that Thor’s brother isn’t the only flimflam man around here?” Steve asks.
“That was the twelfth time, sir.”
Pepper stopped before she replied as if she needed to calculate the specifics. “I can’t say down to the day, or even how long before he was brought to this facility. But he’s been here since 1977.”
When he comes back to himself, Steve’s cleaning him up and then he tidies the room. He tucks away the money his previous client gave him and then smiles at Tony.
Tony swallows down the fear, the anxiety growing and says, “Yes, audio, too.” He’s not sure he wants to hear it, that he can stand to hear it.
Steve presses the heels of his hands into his eyes. “God, yes. Okay.” He drops his hands and sees the bursts of white and lights all around him for a second. “Before he – before they got things under control, he was a madman during his urgencies. He tried to knot me. He wanted to bond with me. I didn’t have a choice. I let him because he was my friend, my brother.” He cringes at the analogy but it’s the only one that works. “He promised me as a kid, that if he’d been an alpha he would bond with me. But no matter what he did, it didn’t take.”
Tony never liked unknowns.
“Go, I’m fine,” Tony says but his words sound more strangulated than comforting. The river’s less than a quarter mile across but as they tread farther into it, the water slaps against their legs and Steve shivers against the cold, his arm and shoulder screaming in pain.
“Are you not? I've heard your heart is going to break mine.” He doesn't mean to bring it up, but with Bucky lying near death, the press of Tony’s health and well-being eats at his solace so that he cannot find peace.
“Well, I guess he needs to be part of the pack,” Sam said. “So what did he get?”
“Yes, he’s been reviewing a lot of your history and as he does he comments about life as an omega,” Penny replies.
“You son of a bitch! Stop!”
“But it’s hard. You resent having to be here with me. Your biology compels you, but you’d rather not,” Tony says and there’s a sadness washing over him as the dark permeates his bones.
He initiates the holographic projection of the Conference site and starts to move the players in place, much like a chess game with an opponent twelve times better than he could possibly hope to be.
“What are you laughing at?” Tony cups his hands around the mug. Just looking at the snow and wind makes him cold.
Waking up sweaty and horny as hell gave Tony flashbacks to his youth. Most of the time as a rambunctious teenager he woke up with visions of his latest crush in his head and a hard-on – he’d do the nasty with his favorite hand and get it over with, going back to sleep in as little as three minutes. It was quick and dirty back in the day. The new hot dreams faded and restlessness greeted him as it always did. He tried to pin it to the whole hell of New York and the void, but he knew it wasn’t that. Being on the brink of needing an orgasm and then suddenly being filled with a sense of loneliness and dread never happened to him as a kid but now seemed to be the current state of affairs. Plus the off kilter feeling emanated not from his brain but somewhere else – and that made no sense whatsoever. His whole being felt frayed and loose.
“Tony! Tony!” His brain jitters in fear and he begs and pleads with God for mercy. This is his fault, he did this to Tony. He sinned and now Tony-. He spots a head – face down in the water. “Oh God, Tony.”
Steve frowned. “People keep saying that to me.”
Fury must have gestured or waved or telepathically done something, because the doors swept open wide and Doctor Strange waltzed in. He really was the last guy that Steve wanted to guide him on this hilariously ridiculousness of soul packs and bonding. He threw a look of disgust at Fury over his shoulder.
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Let me shut down my workstation and I’ll meet you in the Tower lobby.”
The river mirrors the anger of the storm. It’s churning and ugly. If they are going to Schmidt’s they have to cross it. If they aren’t then they shouldn’t chance it.
As the reporter spoke the television showed Ross with a contingency of V-Corp troops behind him. Standing next to Ross a young man who Tony didn’t recognize stayed motionless. Tony swore his eyes didn’t even blink.
The filtered sounds of water currents answer him. Birds flitter in the air around him, lighting in the trees and singing. There’s no sign of Blu anywhere. Tony stands there, lost, alone, and the familiar feeling of despair encroaching upon him.
Tony. Something he always wanted and never got. Would never get. Steve cracks open the bathroom door and peers out to watch Tony wander around the room. He picks up a stray cup, puts it down, shoves his hands in his pockets, rocks back and forth on his feet. It looks like his Tony.
“I asked him to clean it again this morning, just in case.” He finishes locking the final fastener.
The fact that he’s giving up, surrendering a failed relationship when Tony hasn’t even decided whether or not said relationship actually fits hurts. Steve has sped through the relationship, hit all the stumbling blocks, achieved them, or smashed through them, and then hit the final wall. All in the space of three weeks. Tony has whiplash from the insanity of Steve internal processing and external reactions.
“Oh playing around in his mind is not a good idea,” Clint said as Sam whistled agreement.
What a wonderful fantasy.
“No problem, they’ll heal.” Steve hisses as he moves more from the lie he just told than the pain. He needs a shirt, Tony doesn’t need to watch how the mantle of his disgrace withers on his back. The terrorists also don’t need to know anything more about his actuality as an angel. “I need a shirt.”
“I’m going cross eyed doing this.”
“Yes, sir?”
Cho tilted her head and then started to protest, but her line of sight fell on his wrist- his left arm. She saw the brand, the marking of a soul pack.  Not many would recognize the patterns so easily, but Cho must have had some experience in the past. “Oh. Oh! Yes, sorry. I’ll bring you to him right away.”
“That’s about it. Simple, right?” Tony offers his hand again and Steve grasps hold of it to hoist him to his feet. He checks Tony’s backpack and then slings on his own.
“I will inform Mer Stane and Doctor Erskine you will not be available to meet with them today.”
“Oh,” Bruce said and there was a genuine vibration of disappointment.
He shoved his hands in his pockets to stop from clenching them. “I wanted to tell you something, Tony. Something I learned right before the fall of SHIELD.”
“Yes. He’s been here for a while. Don’t really know how you traveled with the guy for a year. It’s like living with a bear.” Tony stuffs his hands in his pockets because he doesn’t know if he should take Steve’s hand in his – are they that kind of couple? Are they a couple at all? “So.” He clears his throat. “Just so I know, did you ever have feelings for me or was this just a little walk down fantasy lane?”
If Tony didn’t know better, he would swear that Blu’s cleaning his wounds in the best way he knows how. It can’t be right; a lion wouldn’t save him and care for him. That makes no sense. But then again, a lion flying through the air with Iron Man tops the cake – so what the hell does he know?
“But one thrust upon you,” Bruce said and nodded. He calmed down again and Steve wondered at the unpredictability, how Bruce controlled it moment to moment. “I know a little about that. Don’t apologize. I should be complimented that you picked me.”
"It was, if the slaves were purchased in the South and transported into the North. Why do you think the Underground Railroad ran through Buffalo into Canada? Slaves didn't want to stop in the United States, not even in the North."
“Goodnight.”
Tony tugs him closer. “Hey, you’re not alone anymore.”
“The computer. You hacked into my computer. Attacked my AI and put her to use. You know that attacking an AI is a punishable offense. That you are not permitted to adjust or change her programming without my express consent.” He glares down at Steven as if he’s a petulant child. The only thing is – he’s not – he’s intelligent with a cunning mind.
“What? You’re getting yourself comfortable?” Tony said as he curled his arms around his chest trying to stay warm. He still hadn’t moved from the center of the cabin. “I am not going to stand this.”
Tony looks at her; the light from the window spotlights her fiery hair, her blue eyes, her smile. “I think society already decided that for me, don’t you?”
He didn't turn to face her - he couldn't - it hurt too much. His heart pounded against his chest, causing an ache in his sternum. "We can't leave him alone with the Red Skull. The Sith try to convert Jedi. They did it before - with the Emperor. The First Order is worse, they’ll try and change him."
“You really think, I wouldn’t say this to you? You really think that in the 40s I’d’ve accepted you?” Bucky stands too. His eyes are crystal like warm Caribbean waters. Steve had thought at one time he could have loved Bucky – not just as a friend or a brother. He’d always known it was never going to be – he recalls the past – how groups of soldiers would mock and deride homosexuals. He’d always told his Howling Commandoes to act with some integrity and stop. They thought it was because he was trying to be a good Captain. He told himself it was.
As he dabs the blush on his cheeks and highlights his eyes, Steve hears Clint speaking with Natasha outside the bathroom door. He’s taking too long. Quickly he finishes and zips up the case. When he enters the bedroom, he throws it in the suitcase and closes it.
“Are you, sir, are you looking for one to satisfy a blood pledge? We have a few of those that are ready to be put down?” Sweat pours off the bureaucrat’s shiny bald head, down his overly large jowls, and puddles on his stained and dirty uniform. It doesn’t look like it’s been washed in an age.
One thing hit Tony harder than the actual fact that his parents didn’t simply die in a car accident but were murdered by a WWII assassin, and that was the link. “But you gave the Winter Soldier a bond. You threaded him into the pack. You called him Brother. He’s forever my fucking Brother because of you.” No thought formed in his head. He wrenched the bond between them and twisted it, contorting it until he saw tears form in Steve’s eyes. He wanted Steve to understand, to know how horrible the idea, the concept was that he would be forever linked to someone that killed his mother. “Brother! You called him brother. And you knew about this last night. When we went to the wreck, when you came-.” He stopped speaking and just let the rage boil over him.
Steve pulls his hand away from Tony and then touches his temple, willing the memories back. Nothing reappears, only a cold wash of fear and emptiness. He gathers what threads of sanity he still has and asks, “The worm? Did we take down the Hub? Is he gone?”
The slap of flesh against flesh and the grunt and hiss of an exhaustive exertion. Tony almost turns around and leaves but then he remembers the important revelations he had earlier. Captain America does this because he has no self-worth left. He's selling himself because he's lost a sense of purpose and hope. Tony climbs up and peers into the room.
Friends.
“Yeah, by a few days. I want to upload the latest upgrade and then test out the glasses. Might take a few days to verify everything’s in working order.” He misses using his virtual reality glasses and gloves. He misses being able to see, to check out how Steve’s reacting, what his smile looks like. It had only been a month when Tony had to give up his sight for this stupid Gala event. If that idiot reporter would just stop being such a pain in his butt all the time. “So yeah see you very soon.”
“Oh you mean that lark, the iron man machine?”
“Well, then be careful, okay? He seems like he’s good for you, Tony. Don’t push him away. You need more friends, more people who care.”
“No, but I understand Fury better than you do. So, don’t.”
Tony tries to answer, but he doesn’t know what the response should be. The silence oppresses the moment. Steve watches Tony with something that Tony can only call hope. He’s not sure what Steve might be hoping for, so he points to the armor parts. “Let’s get started. I’m going to work on the initialization, while you can start putting together the pieces. See the blueprints there?”
“I can’t,” Steve says and touches Tony’s forehead. He’s burning hot, fever. Steve rips open his shirt and sees that the battery wires have oozing puss around them. “Look, he’s sick. It’s infected. I need help.”
“Well, now you’re mocking me.” At that moment, Tony reminds Steve of a grammar schoolteacher he once had that kept commanding that he sit in the corner to think about what he’d done. It never worked then; it’s not working now.
The vampires were inhumanly strong, immortal, and persuasive. They could go out in the sunlight, they didn’t sleep in coffins. They could die but not of natural causes. Normally mortal wounds did not affect them because they had an unnatural ability to heal. It became increasingly obvious that they were a different species. In short order, those infected by the virus swayed millions to follow them. The population left on the Earth after those first few months segmented into the three different groups. Howard Stark along with Alexander Pierce were the leaders of the new world order.
“It means Ultron is over broadband or he’s in Steve’s head.”
“You got to do this – this thing that Stark thought up to cure you,” Logan says. When Steve looks at Logan, the man can’t meet his gaze. “If you don’t the seizures are going to turn your brain to mush.”
He goes to the gym, readying to get his body into some shape. He knows he’s failing but he can still go through the motions because if there’s no hope, there’s no way to move forward each day.
When they break apart, Tony says, “Go, now, I’ll be there-.”
A hail of bullets peppered the walls above Steve, and Tony knocked the gurney away from the wall. Tugging Steve, he pulled him down to the floor and covered him with his own body. Steve grunted and shivered against Tony. He was probably going into shock. Tony cursed and then felt the frustration gather under his breastbone. The heat flared, and he kicked the gurney until it was out of the way. One hand on Steve, Tony raised the other and a flash of brilliant white light blinded everyone. The agents firing on them dropped to the floor, dead. Blood leaked out of their ears and their mouths. For an instant, Tony worried about Clint – had he killed him as well? But he heard a muffled
Steve drinks his coffee and then asks, “So, how did you manage? I know you said before, but I still can’t believe it. I mean it’s been nearly 10 years, right? No one knows.”
“Well, can you blame me?” Tony replied. “You dropped a bomb after I mutilated your tit.”
Immediately Tony cradled his arm against his chest. The damage had been done; at the very least Bruce had seen it. Clear as day. Even as he concealed the markings, Tony burned with pain. Not the brand, not the fucking soul bond mark that he’d wished for and hoped for all along, but from the shared agony from his bonded – from Steve. When he looked around the group, everyone except for Hill had a haunted, almost gaunt look to their eyes. They felt it, too. Is this what it meant to be part of the pack? They shared everything. The joy and the pain?
“He reuses the grinds. He’s uncultured,” Darcy says and pats Sam on the shoulder. “What will you have to eat?”
The small entourage walks the gantry to the entrance way that leads to the stadium. Right at the doorway. Obadiah Stane waits with a perplexed look on his face and a sideways glance at Steve. Thankfully, he ignores Steve and focuses back on Tony.
“Oh, so you think gay people just arrived on the scene? Because I can tell you-.”
Tony doesn’t look up at Estane, doesn’t offer him a response. His brain races as he watches the assailants swarm Steven like a horde of hungry locusts.
Tony watches him closely. “Because an omega bonds before an alpha ever bites the gland.”
Steve nodded. He surveyed the workshop, the papers abandoned on Tony’s workbench and then said, “I have to check on Clint. He needs help. I want to help you, Tony. If you’ll let me. I’ll go to see Clint. The nurse called me this morning and told me that he was waking up. If you need me, you’ll know where to find me.”
“Oh, nice to meet you, Miss Potts.”
That binding tatters today as he listens.
A weeping sound echoes through the corridor. Then Steve hears it – he hasn’t heard Howard’s voice in more than half a century, but he recognizes it.  Howard’s voice pained and weak – brings a reckoning to Steve’s soul. To his heart. Steve doesn’t even hear the words only sees Tony’s face, crumpling before him.
And then the climax released him from its clutches and he cried out, wholly and completely. Steve gazed down at Tony, a look of surprise etched in his features. He shifted and slipped out of Tony. Then slowly he bent down and brought Tony back to the heavens himself. Steve’s mouth was a masterpiece of perfection and skill. When he finally came back to himself, breath would barely fill his lungs. It was Steve petting him and shushing him that finally regulated his breathing again.
He shudders as he figures it out.
With his big hand, Steve cups Tony to his shoulder. “I never knew how empty I was until today.” Steve kisses the crown of his head, something that Tony’s sure he’ll never get enough of. “You’ve filled me up. I didn’t know.”
*oOo*
Clint hit the comm switch as he said, “Don’t worry. We got help coming in. They have a tracker in your uniform. Dump it. There’re some clothes in the back.”
“Of course, I am. All normal people mock the rich and powerful. Our favorite saying is eat the rich.” Steve chuckles. “Don’t worry about it. It’s been a slogan for a millennium. As far as I know no one’s instituted it yet.”
He hears nothing but silence. Eventually sleep captures him and it is not a blessing. The dark creatures of the Boundaries follow him there. They hang in the shadows of his dream.  Skirting along as the world folds around him, curling up on the edges like paper burning. The world around him succumbs to the conflagration and he jerks awake only to find that Tony’s standing over him with a wet cloth. He presses the cool rag to Steve’s forehead.
Just as he rolled to stand up a cry vibrated through the bond. “Nat!”
“I know, Tony. I get it.” Steve’s tone placates but also whispers toward acceptance and loss at the same time. “Now, let me get the dishes cleared and I’ll bring you something else to drink. What would you like?”
“Take it easy. It’s been a rough ride.”  Tony goes to the counter where the medical supplies sit and brings over a cup of water. “Why don’t you drink this while I get you something to eat and that hot chocolate?”
“I know,” Pep says and nods a few times, closes her eyes, and then opens them with a resolute look. “I just know how you feel about things and I don’t want you to do anything you may regret.”
“No. No. No.” He heard Tony say and grab onto Bucky’s flesh and blood hand. “Don’t you do this. Don’t you leave him now! He just fucking found you.” The words meant the world to Steve even as the sight of Tony leaning over his friend grayed out. He swayed as he cradled a shivering Bucky in his arms.
“You may.” He smirks at her. As Rhodey and Happy stand off to the side, Tony leans over the high counter. “I don’t want it to get out just yet because it was a fast romance and all, but – you see -.” He throws a glance at Rhodey. “He’s my husband.”
Steve makes a low grunt then his eyes roll up in his head and he pitches forward into Tony. It’s all Tony can do to keep him up, but then he loses that struggle and they are both on the floor of the diner. Patrons are jumping to their feet. Tony hears the telltale sounds of photos being taken, yet all he can focus on is Steve as he seizes. It doesn’t end. Not like Tony thinks it should. Seizures shouldn’t last as long as it does. Someone is calling an ambulance and someone is helping Tony to get Steve on his side, away from table legs and chairs so he doesn’t hurt himself. The fit goes on and on. By the time the paramedics arrive, Tony is shaking himself as drool puddles under Steve’s cheek as his body betrays him.
He tries not to think about that first interaction with Tony – how he collared Steve, how he brought him to the presentation suite. How Steve knew instantly, the moment Tony knotted him that everything changed. Of course, Steve had obfuscated even then. Told Tony that he’d never really been with anyone but the USO girls on tour before – that it was his first presentation. He didn’t want to talk about Bucky – for him then Bucky had been dead for over seventy years. Why bring up what happened to Bucky and all of that hell that followed it?
Steve offers him a hand up and then gently tugs on his trousers. Tony protests, but Steve licks at his nose and says, “Don’t want to trip and ruin the evening, do you?”
His voice seemed to echo in the small space – but it grew in strength as he spoke the words in a whisper.
The coolness of a dying body under his hands transformed, shifted and heated to life. Vessels and nerves pulsated and reanimated. Life. At his fingertips. He brushed his hands down the length of Sam’s chest and the ripped holes knitted together, the tissue, the cells regenerated as he touched and concentrated. The tissues wove together as his fingers lingered as if he was a pianist and he tapped each key with a loving touch. The music of life burst forth. A halo of energy wrapped around them. As Steve followed his instincts he heard someone gasp next to him. Even as the healing drained him, Steve furiously worked to stitch all the wounds, to heal with the life energy at his fingertips. He needed more, though. The internal energy he drew upon was nascent and new, but not strong enough to pull Sam from the edge of death. He was too far gone. Steve needed more to save Sam.
