Hey guys!
Keeping her eyes trained on Clint, Toni spoke low and steady. “Steve didn’t touch me. My asshole of a father is visiting from the past, don’t ask me why, but he grabbed me, and I punched his lights out when he looked like he was going to do something similar to Peter. Broke his face, and possibly my own wrist. That’s the long and the short of it.”
to you? What the fuck is wrong with you?!”
Toni hushed him softly, pulling him closer and running her fingers through his hair as she continued to rock him. “No,
As she surveyed her surroundings, smoke still dissipating in the air that reeked of firepower, she had to wonder whether they’d ever realized just how dangerous she could be.
And then his heart sank when the beam broke off.
“To get yourself a ride home,” Tony interrupted, letting his temper flare brightly one more time. Belligerently, he lifted his chin a fraction as Steve turned his supposedly fearsome glare on him. It might have even been effective if Tony had never seen him sleep-mussed and cuddling the inventor like his personal plush toy. “I’m commandeering one of your rides and I’m not real interested in having a passenger.”
Finally, she ventured cautiously, “What if I hang back? No more Iron Man, except on the rare emergency occasion, until I can figure out a viable substitute for a palladium core?”
As they entered the kitchen, Toni deftly swinging Peter up onto one of the counters with one arm, Nat and Clint shifted in place to include them in the conversation, but when Clint’s voice stopped mid-sentence, Steve glanced up to see that his eyes were riveted on their resident genius.
“Shh, Pete, we don’t want to wake Mommy up yet, do we?”
Swallowing twice, she managed to keep the sorrow out of her voice. “Hey, sweet pea. What’s with the tears?”
When you knew someone for as long as Jim had known Toni, it wasn’t difficult to spot the tiniest inflections and nuances in that person’s tone that told a complete story all its own. Case in point, right now, and that uneasy lilt to his best friend’s voice while she detailed her hopeful plan; it told Rhodey that there was something she wasn’t saying. Something that she was worried about, but didn’t want them to.
“No, hear me out,” Barnes grumbled, but dragged himself upright anyway. “You think Nat has to deal with her moronic friends shaking her awake at three am in the fuckin’ mornin’? No way.”
He found the tube, noticed it looked more like a very large inoculation shot, and spared half a second to pale slightly and swallow back his alarm before running back to Toni. “Alright, Doll, I got you,” he soothed as he pulled her back into his arms. Trembling hands took the tube from him and before he could offer to help, she’d uncapped the thing and stuck it just below her collarbone, depressing whatever was inside it with a pained little gasp.
Unable to say anything to that, because she didn’t know what to say, nor did she have the ability to speak at all, Toni simply pressed another kiss to his forehead, fighting against the stinging in her eyes. Once he was safely ensconced in the armor, she took her helmet and prepared to leave a recording for Steve.
“Post haste, Madam,” the AI replied agreeably, and Toni finally felt some of her tension drain.
“You damn well know you’re not,” Toni tried to grumble, but couldn’t keep up the pretense when Steve laughed, the sound vibrating along her back. God, she’d missed his laugh… it had been sparse since their return from Argentina. Nightmares, both his and hers, had stolen it from them at night, and the light of day, for so long, had only served to illuminate her injuries and taunt her lover with their mottled appearance against her pale skin.
Toni started reasonably, while Steve fought not to bristle at the harsh words against his girlfriend,
Clint groused playfully, bringing her back to the conversation.
Whether it was the teasing brushes against his erection or her entreating words, Toni couldn’t have said for certain, but it didn’t matter when Steve flipped their positions around without warning, caging her against his chest so that she wasn’t jostled too badly when he pinned her to the bed.
After several long moments, her tears turned to sniffles, but she didn’t move away. “She called me sweet pea.”
Before he could fall too deep into those thoughts, Steve felt a tap against his shoulder. “JARVIS is picking up something stored on the servers of the suit,” Rhodes explained when he turned around to face the man. If Steve didn’t know any better, he’d say that the Lieutenant Colonel had softened his voice just a little, as though he’d heard Steve’s guilt-ridden thoughts. But that didn’t seem likely. “My biometric didn’t have access rights, but I’d bet a pretty penny yours does.”
And just like the pain had come, sudden and vicious, it was gone again.
“Okay, I’ll ‘splain it the same way Mommy did…”
And she was. She was the love of his life, Steve knew that as well as he knew his own goddamn name.
She didn’t think it needed to be said that, if she got more injured, Peter would never know it. Toni Stark knew pain, and she was a recognized expert at hiding it.
“Can’t we just let them have him?” she asked half-hopefully, and though the agent sent her a bland look, she had known him long enough by then to see through to the amusement behind it.
Bruce’s frantic call did a stellar job of obliterating any sort of goodwill Steve was feeling. In an instant, the super soldier was there, Rhodes not far behind him. “What happened? What’s going on?”
Thankfully, Peter didn’t notice, and before Steve could talk – or start crying, were those tears in his eyes? – the child sent a comically reproachful look up at the super soldier, arms crossed over his chest.
And then, of course, there’d been Loki…
After Clint came Natasha, and Steve hadn’t even realized she’d gotten there until the morning that she’d breezed into the communal kitchen and grabbed an apple, sitting at the counter and eating it without anything more than an amicable greeting. He guessed she might have come in during the night or something, because Toni and Clint had appeared completely unfazed with the Widow’s sudden appearance, but the Captain had made peace with the fact that he would never know.
At the sound of her voice, Peter’s head snapped up with enough force that Toni’s neck ached sympathetically. Heartbreakingly hopeful eyes blinked up at her, as though testing to see that she was really there, and a small sound burst out of him when he realized that she was.
There was no part of him that had acted out of a desire for praise or recognition, but even still, her words meant more to Steve than any medal of valor or commendation ever could. He didn’t need validation, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t appreciate earning her admiration, especially now that she had earned his.
They watched in relative silence as father and daughter spoke, bordering on heated at times as Howard obviously disagreed, before Toni finally shoved the papers and gadgets into his hands. There was a moment of contemplation as Howard looked between her and the things in his hands, and then between Peggy and Steve, and Toni. He looked like he was struggling to make up his mind, and Steve wondered what it was that had swayed him from what had looked like an outright denial.
“James Buchanan Barnes, how dare you?” Toni gasped dramatically, feigning insult. It made Steve’s lips twitch, even more so when she pointedly put her nose in the air and marched over to link her arm with his. “Steve, you are now officially my new favourite. You’re going to get all the coolest, most fun weapons and upgrades from me, and the only thing Barnes is going to get, is all the boring old guns and military approved equipment.”
“Oh, honey.” Laura’s voice, even over the phone, brimmed over with a mixture of fear, sympathy, pain and worry. “I just saw the news. What’s the update? Is she alright?”
This one was a little delayed, because Bucky muse was being a little jerk, but here it is! So sorry for the wait, lovelies, and also sorry for the (probably) horrific translations I used in this chap! Blame Google translate for whatever mistakes may have been made, please XD
So instead of speaking, Toni only dipped her head forward, allowing the other woman to slip the medallion around her neck. And following that same instinct, the only thing she could do, was hug both Navarros as they looped their arms around her in heartbreakingly earnest gratitude.
She’d only asked him twice before; once, right after she was rescued from The Ten Rings, and the second, after Obi had tried to kill her; and Rhodey had asked her three times, all of them back when she’d first taken up the helm of the company and had been expected to oversee a few dangerous weapons displays, and so Toni knew that if she asked him to now, her best friend wouldn’t hesitate.
Warmth and relief in equal measure almost bowled Toni over. She shouldn’t have been surprised; she wasn’t surprised, not really; because of course Steve was going to come for her when he heard.
“If you ever,” he enunciated slowly, forcing the words through gritted teeth and suddenly stinging eyes, “
Again, in his big eyes, there was that implicit trust that had nearly floored her in the workshop. It was a priceless gift, she knew, and Toni would do and give up anything to never let it fade from the child’s gaze.
Smiling slightly to herself at the half-incredulous, half-hopeful greeting, the inventor offered a light, “Hiya, Birdbrain.”
If Bruce noticed anything amiss, he didn’t say so; only finished stitching her up skillfully and quickly while Rhodey took up the seat he’d vacated. Toni rested her head automatically against her best friend’s shoulder and Rhodes responded by wrapping an arm carefully around her.
Various aches and pains made themselves known, but Tony didn’t give the beginnings of a damn about them as he clung to Steve. The fear from the afternoon finally pushed its way back to the front of his mind and Tony trembled in his soldier’s arms.
“That kid is going to be the reason I die,” Barton muttered under his breath, feigning exasperation even through the affection in his eyes. Wisely, he hoisted himself back up into the air shaft before Steve could make a move on him, and Toni only laughed when he called out a hasty, “I’m happy you’re home safe, Robo-Girl,” before disappearing once more.
me, Rogers.” Her voice cracked like a whip, but it was the impersonal use of his surname, something she hadn’t done since before they’d become friends, that cut him the deepest. “You don’t get to yell at me, treat me like I’m some kind of stupid, spoilt, rich girl, and then try to explain yourself for it. Get the fuck out of my tent.”
It was a terrifying existence, but at its core, it had pride and a strength of heart that Toni had cultivated in them all.
“Are you sure you’ll be okay?” Steve murmured almost inaudibly, misery darkening his eyes to cobalt as he took in her tight, pale features.
” The words slipped from his lips in a low growl, not aimed specifically at Bucky but certainly not precluding him either. “She’s not a
“Not even kind of,” he answered honestly. “I think it’s a great idea. I don’t like fighting.”
“Okay,” the kid whispered, and all at once, the scepter was lowered and being pressed into Tony’s hands. “Okay, Mr. Stark.”
Fucking amateurs.
Idiots.
“I wish I could have spared you the worry,” she amended, and knew that those words had more of an impact as Rhodey’s eyes softened. In a tender gesture that wasn’t out of place between them, the Lieutenant Colonel raised his other arm to engulf her in a gentle, but secure embrace. She heard more words from that gesture than she had from him:
Toni shrugged, already toweling the area off carelessly and easing surgical thread through the eye of the needle. “I needed to sterilize the wound,” she explained, so reasonably that Steve had to wonder whether this was karmic retribution at work for all the times he’d aggravated Bucky with his reckless tendencies. “I’m good,” she added, glancing up at him when she realized that he was practically vibrating with badly concealed worry. “Won’t even need more than ten sutures. Twelve, tops.”
Regrettably, the former-soldier tended to prioritize Tony’s health over everything else, and the inventor was forced to accept the consolation prize of lazy kissing and the occasional brush of light, apologetic fingers over cuts and bruises.
“Alright, Rogersaurus.” Tony swiveled around in his chair after Steve’s third moody grunt as a response to whatever he was talking about. Brown eyes narrowed slightly as they considered him. “What’s going on with you?” he demanded, not quite managing to sound pissed when the concern was so blatant in his eyes. “I’ve been yakking for half an hour about the merits of artificial intelligence in medical advancement and you have yet to stop me. What happened? Barton change the settings on your phone to Chinese again? Did Thor eat all the poptarts?”
It was enough for Steve to follow her right over that edge, too, and with a groan muffled into her neck, he came hard inside her. The feel of him, warm and pulsing and deep inside her, was so intimate that Toni could only hold her lover close and sink into grateful bliss, unable to fathom how she’d gotten so lucky as this.
There were a few false starts as the man, ostensibly in charge, struggled to find the words to reply. It gave Tony a brief pulse of satisfaction because although he couldn’t see, it was enough to hear the man flounder. Served him right for kidnapping Steve.
“My sensors indicate that the Captain has arrived, along with Dr. Banner and Sergeant Barnes,” JARVIS reported dutifully, although Toni could have sworn that she heard a hint of relief in his voice. “I have also received communication indicating that Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes will be arriving shortly.”
He was forced to admit, when the sight of Peggy sparked a little disappointment that it wasn’t Toni, that he might not actually loathe the younger Stark after all. The older one, sure, of course, but not her. Not anymore, at least.
Peggy didn’t bother to announce her arrival further than an urgent, “Toni!” as she strolled into the genius’ space. Steve followed awkwardly, in time to see Stark hastily covering something on her desk with a bit of tarp.
Then, the brunet sighed soundlessly, and the spell was broken.
The denial came swift and easy to his lips, but before Steve could give it a voice, it just… died there. The words wouldn’t come. Couldn’t come, because honestly… “I never thought about it,” he admitted softly, sounding troubled as he fixed his gaze on a spot on the bedspread. “I don’t think I am, but I just never… I didn’t even realize he had feelings like that for me,” he eventually managed to get out.
Or more accurately, he had to hope.
Having lived through a war, and then the sort of battles that made war look like child’s play, it was a safe assumption to make that Steve have seen a lot of thing in his lifetime. He’d seen strife and suffering. He’d seen loss. He’d seen light, the lightest, and he’d also seen dark. So much dark. Part of what made him the immovable, reliable, steady Captain America, was his ability to see all those things and still find it in himself to stiffen his spine and keep going. It got under his skin, of course, but he never let it show. That was the burden that came with being a hero; a leader; an icon of bravery and a symbol of hope.
Toni, predictably, waved her hand in dismissal, but the flush on her cheeks grew a little more pronounced in a way that made Steve wonder whether she was shown any appreciation for the work she did. Erskine had shown a great deal of admiration and respect to her, but had anyone else?
“I’m fine, honey,” she replied, setting him down distractedly in order to rearrange her clothes. It was going to be a hell of a feat keeping this from Steve, especially since she couldn’t blame it on an accident, thanks to Peter’s untimely presence.
“Peter okay?” she asked first, partly because she already knew without asking that Steve himself wasn’t.
Even as she spoke, Toni was shaking her head, trying awkwardly to use her free hand to pat Mrs. Navarro’s shoulder consolingly.
so many fucking times, and I would never have even known until it was too late.” His voice was ragged now, and there were anguished tears in the corners of his eyes, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. He needed to make her understand, needed to make her see. “I wouldn’t have known until you stopped breathing, until you didn’t get up and I would have had to rip off that helmet and see the most important thing in the world to me just
Toni was almost sobbing with the overload of pleasure, encouragement and affirmations falling from her lips without much awareness. She was clinging to Steve now, trying to hang on and meet his thrusts as much as she was able, and dimly, she wondered how it was possible that every time between them felt as raw and primal as the very first time.
Besides, he mused, since they didn’t know about Howard, he was pretty much the only candidate that could have put a huge, hand-shaped bruise on her arm.
If someone had told an eighteen-year-old James Rhodes that the drunk kid he’d met at a frat party and saved from being roofied was going to become the most important woman in his life next to his Momma and someday, his wife, he would have probably laughed them off and promptly directed them to the closest sanitarium.
Toni raised a hand. Tangled it in his hair. “I love you,” she murmured back; not a reply, but a statement of fact on its own. Because Steve, to her thinking, deserved more than a knee-jerk response.
“You’re right.” He nodded, even though he knew she couldn’t see it. “This is Toni Stark we’re talking about. She’s gonna kick my ass for even thinking different.”
While greatly decreasing her own.
, who was kind enough to check up on me when the updates starting coming in slower, and in so doing, encouraged me to keep going! Thank you, lovely!
and warmth flooded her chest when she heard Steve’s muted voice.
he told himself firmly.
“Gotcha, I got ya,” Toni was saying over and over as Bucky clung to the armor and as she reached out an arm for Steve to grab on to for support. “It’s okay, c’mon.”
She raised an incredulous eyebrow, lips twitching in amusement. “You’ll have to forgive me for not believing that, with the stories I’ve heard, soldier boy.”
With his Uncle Loki grudgingly following, Peter began to explain. “We’re going to use magic to get Mommy to come home tomorrow! All we have to do is wait for the magic time, and then wish
“What do you mean?” Steve pounced on the hint of reservation. He needed to know everything if he was going to go to every end of the earth until he found a way to save her.
For another, chairs and their varying comforts rarely meant anything to her. She sat everywhere; even atop the refrigerator, one memorable morning; a consequence of her distraction when her mind was on some scientific genius or highly experimental ideas. She’d even sat inside a giant donut! Obviously there was no consideration given to comfort, when Toni chose to sit amidst her pacing and plotting.
God, how he wished that he’d known this before. Howard’s time in this century could have been so much better utilized with Steve beating the hell out of him.
“He’s not going to see me come back after leaving him alone for the first time, looking like road kill,” Toni stated firmly, an edge to her voice that promised a vicious and enduring argument if anyone dared to get in her way.
Groaning aloud and ignoring the faint look of reproach it earned her from Coulson, Toni swiveled around. “Cyclops.”
She wanted to fight with him. She wanted to yell and scream and rant and rave and get through to him just how much
As he lowered his head now, his kiss tasted different. This wasn’t a marking; it was a prelude. Her body reacted at once, as if Steve had his own personal call to it, like a puppet on a string. Toni would’ve hated it, if she didn’t know that she could call to Steve’s body just the same.
No. He would do that part right, treat Tony the way he deserved.
Predictably, Tony flinched almost imperceptibly, but like he always did, he soldiered on. “Come on, kid,” he encouraged softly, and Steve mused absently on how Tony’s words were as much of a weapon as his suit. “You can learn from everyone else’s mistakes. You’re young, and I know that you don’t actually want to hurt anyone.” He paused a beat, then added, “Sometimes, what’s left behind can grow back better than the generation before it… if given the chance.”
With a huff that Steve was sure was part frustration, part affection, Toni snapped out Barton’s name and hurried off after him, presumably to try to stop him from killing Howard. The super soldier thought about helping; Clint or Toni, he couldn’t say with any degree of certainty, because honestly, if he saw Howard again, he wasn’t sure what he would do; but instead, he stayed where he was. Steve was a possessive and protective boyfriend at the best of times, but facing Howard with the knowledge that he had hurt Toni? Had dared to put his hands on what Steve considered to be his? There would have been very little, if anything, that would have stopped him from killing the elder Stark, and he doubted that Coulson would have appreciated the paperwork.
There was only quiet. The sound of her own ragged breath and the looming certainty that those breaths could very well be limited.
Likely hearing the change in his voice, Tony dipped his head, this time simply touching his forehead to Steve’s. For a second, they stayed like that, suspended in an existence that was theirs alone.
Succinctly, Peggy summed up what they’d uncovered and Steve’s plan to stage a rescue for what was left of the 107th. A multitude of expressions crossed Toni’s face as she listened intently, the most intriguing being the flash of pain and lingering hope at the mention of Bucky’s name, but before Steve could try to decipher anything from the enigmatic genius, Stark was in motion.
Except maybe, sometimes even geniuses were wrong, because as much as she had believed herself totally unsuited to the monumental task of being a mom, Peter never had. The little boy hadn’t entertained the thought for a single second, that she was unable to be what he needed her to be.
,” she whispered, the Italian weaving whimsically through her voice, turning it musical. She smiled, something soft and beautiful flickering on her face. “You’re my heart and my soul and my life, Steve Rogers.”
He wasn’t walking away from this if she wasn’t.
There was nothing worse to him than being helpless. If a shrink ever managed to pin him down long enough to psychoanalyze him, they’d probably attribute that to a childhood spent being perpetually powerless to break out of the cycle of hurt and abuse that he’d suffered, and the fact that the vilest of that pain had come from being unable to do anything but watch as his brother had suffered even worse. To Clint, it didn’t matter how and why he felt it so keenly, because it didn’t change the fundamental fact that someone he loved was hurting and he couldn’t make it better.
Bruce made his apologies almost immediately; and judging from the scene in front of them, it was for the best. The Hulk wasn’t needed after this level of brutal destruction, and it was a safer bet to have the scientist remain in the jet until such time that they might have needed him. Somewhere to his left, Clint muttered an oath, but any horror or disgust over the sight in front of them was noticeably absent from every Avenger. If Steve was a betting man, he’d have put money on the fact that they were all wishing they could’ve had a hand in it; could’ve doled out some of their own revenge on the ones who’d made a move against one of theirs. Their most innocent and defenseless, no less.
The question made her stop her work briefly, to bring Maico into a gentle hug and press a comforting little kiss to the top of his head.
“I’ll just see her tomorrow, then,” he nodded, giving Peggy a small smile that he hoped conveyed some of the regret he felt for hurting her, intentional or not.
Steve felt like the breath had been sucker-punched out of him, and in that moment, he realized that he’d still been half-expecting Toni to raise an eyebrow at him and shoot the theory down with some sarcastic comment and that laugh he so enjoyed hearing.
It was obvious to him, and likely everyone else aboard, that the redhead’s intention was merely for him to hear Toni’s voice. It was usually enough to calm him and Steve knew that he was dangerously close to punching something, purely on principle. He nodded once, recognizing the wisdom of the suggestion, but before he could make a move to engage his Starkphone, a voice came over the Quinjet speakers.
So that was what Bucky did whenever he felt his protective instincts turning him into a basket case. He focused on what he could do, and he did it to the best of his ability. In this case, that meant removing rubble and debris without care for anything other than his end goal; getting to Toni.
Steve paused at the familiarity he could hear, even in the disembodied voice, as the other soldier spoke about his best friend. So that was it… this was someone Buck had befriended, probably also part of his regiment, who had agreed to come with on the chance that they could save him. The show of loyalty earned Steve’s trust, admiration and loyalty right back.
But the answer didn’t come from the AI; it came from Toni. Which, really, shouldn’t have even surprised him.
Through the roaring in his ears, Steve no more heard Pepper’s next words, than he did hear the crack of his knees against the floor as his legs gave out from underneath him.
Refocusing on Steve, Toni took her argument back up. “I’m not going to sit in a hospital just so that they can tell me I was lucky, and I need to take it easy for a while.”
“Miss Stark, please…”
When Steve Rogers had first met Toni Stark, he’d been entirely certain of three things:
After a moment, Toni offered a soft, “Thanks for staying behind with him.” She knew just how much that must have cost Nat; the other woman was just as protective as Toni was over this family that they’d managed to find and create, and for whatever reason, that protectiveness had always applied tenfold to Toni herself. It would have been no small feat for the redhead to put aside her instinct to help Toni in order to stay behind and take care of what was more important to Toni than herself.
“It’s okay, honey, it’s alright,” she tried to reassure him, desperation edging her voice. Abruptly, she remembered that he didn’t speak English, and almost threw her hands up in exasperation because it had been literal years since she’d forgotten to switch to someone else’s native tongue when talking to them. Maico screamed when a sizeable piece of concrete smashed dangerously close to them and Toni hastily forced her mind to provide the translations of what she was trying to say. “Everything’s going to be okay, little one,” she said firmly in rapid fire Spanish, fighting to maintain gentleness instead of snapping out orders like she would have with an adult. “I need you to go into here for me, okay? It’s my superhero suit, it will protect you.”
Steve listened attentively, nodding on occasion to show her that he was following. It was an odd sort of mesmerizing to see the fervor in her eyes as she spoke about her invention; the initial hint of pride, followed by the frustration at its perceived shortcomings, the determination that she held against risking soldiers on anything less than a sure thing. What shocked him the most, however, was her last comment, which Steve was half sure she hadn’t even intended on verbalizing aloud.
She could only stare in concealed horror as the man glanced over her with an emotionless expression. It took her a few seconds before she found her albeit shaky voice. “Hi, Dad.”
expected it by now.
“Couldn’t let him hurt you,” Tony answered without preamble, as if the words came easy as breathing to him. Steve flicked his gaze from the sky to Tony, but his companion pointedly kept his eyes facing forward. “The only way to get him away from you was to get him to listen, and the only way he would listen to me was if he thought I was harmless.”
Anguish now, the likes of which she wouldn’t have felt comfortable showing, but apparently was strong enough to bubble forth.
When the need to breathe became too great for Toni, she pulled away breathlessly, but Steve just kept right on kissing her, making a trail from her lips, along her jaw, and then down her neck when she bared it to him. The gesture – so easy, so inviting for him – made the possessive part in Steve rumble happily, and just because he could, he scraped his teeth over the delicate skin and suckled, varying his pressure and only letting up when he was sure he had marked her with a love bite high enough for others to see.
“Have you ever been in love?” The words slipped from his lips without his permission, and if Steve had been any less focused and determined to retrieve what was rightfully his, he might have been mortified for speaking them so boldly.
Or rather, heard, as it were.
“You and Toni managed to figure out that power source problem yet?” he asked lightly, because he worried about the risks Stark had offhandedly mentioned when they’d first talked about the suit and its potential problems. He didn’t know what exactly the soldier was doing to himself, in order to be on the frontlines and have Steve’s back in this war, but he hoped to God it wasn’t anything that was hurting the guy. Hoped even more that Toni had managed to find a solution.
No. This couldn’t be happening, she was wrong. She had to be wrong. Nobody would be stupid enough – goddamn
Steve laughed, the sound bordering on hysterical as he gripped to whatever of the armor he could. “No problem, Shellhead,” he replied, realizing abruptly that he didn’t even know the soldier’s name. Before he could ask, they were dipping back down to pick up Bucky, and his best friend whooped with undisguised glee.
Steve’s attention was solely on his genius. “Really? Here I was thinking I was being romantic,” he teased back softly, finding his feet with their normal banter.
“If you stop, Steve,” Toni enunciated slowly, brown eyes blown almost black with lust, “then I am relatively certain I might actually combust from sheer desire alone. I am
He answered her without detaching himself from the death grip he had her in, and it was so muffled that she had to ask him to repeat it. “Maico.”
He could hear the returning smile in her voice. “Damn right. Keep me updated, honey, okay? I gotta go make sure the kids stay away from the TV. You know how much they love their Auntie Toni.”
“And just what the fuck is your problem?” he snarled aggressively, not really caring that he now knew Barnes to be a lethal enforcer and Steve’s SIC in this mob business of theirs. “Why the fuck are you just laying down and dying? He’s your best fucking friend, stop looking at me like he’s already dead!” The last word left his mouth weakly, as though he couldn’t even bring himself to say it, which wasn’t totally inaccurate. His fury at these people were just outweighing the panic and dread, at the moment, because forget Rumlow, Barnes was Steve’s best friend. Barnes and Tony had never gotten along because of it, because the ex-soldier could see just how unworthy Tony was of Steve, even when the blond didn’t quite see it himself, and he was protective enough to hate Tony for being selfish enough to stay even when he knew Steve deserved better. But where was that protectiveness now? Why the hell was he just standing there like saving Steve – and the way to do so – wasn’t literally written in black and fucking white?! The money wasn’t an issue, and sending Tony was a no-fucking-brainer.
Biting her tongue – literally – she turned around and got back to work on the upgrades she was making to her armour. When they faced down with HYDRA over this; and inevitably, they would; then she was going to need to be battle ready, and with the repulsors in her left boot currently little more than a mass of wiring and parts, she didn’t think she qualified.
It made her particularly protective of the genius, it had to be said. Toni was the only sister she’d ever had; even Laura and Pepper had never broke the final barrier on that one. It wasn’t an easy course to follow in life, loving Toni Stark, because although it was worth it (so very, very worth it) it was a path that came with a lot of pain and fear. Quite simply, because Toni was a hero. She was a hero in every sense of the word. She protected and defended and stood for the entire world every single day, even if it meant putting herself in the line of fire. Too often, it meant just that, and for Natasha; and the rest of the Avengers; it meant constantly wondering whether they would have to give her up for the good of the rest of the world.
Which was how Toni knew, irretrievably, that she was not Mother Material.
He nestled as close to her as he had before, and on the bright side, it took the pressure off her injured arm. “Hey, honey.” She cuddled him gently, pressing her lips to the top of his head. “Are you okay? Did the suit protect you while you came back up?”
Blasting their way through seemed like the lesser evil.
Bucky had that look again, like he was about to say something, but he still didn’t follow through. “Well that’s good then, right?” he asked slowly, almost cautiously. “Because if you’re not into him, and he’s over you, then… everythin’ can just be business as normal?”
His faceplate lifted with a dull
So quietly that she wondered if he’d hear her, Toni mumbled, “I’m sorry I scared you.”
Steve lifted his head, and like a dance that Toni knew all the moves to, she was shifting around to meet his questing lips. Contrary to his indolent assault on her neck, he kissed her now with fervor and purpose and urgency. When he deepened the kiss, it was a demand, and the way he plundered her mouth left no question as to who was dominating it. Underneath the assault, sang an almost desperate relief, and Toni met it with soothing submission; with understanding and compassion and easy comfort.
Dread curled immediately in her stomach.
As if she’d been waiting for just that, Toni tumbled headlong into the abyss with a sharp cry of his name. Her vision blazed white and her nerve endings sizzled, and it had long ago stopped surprising her that every orgasm was as powerful as the last, with Steve.
It had taken, of course, a lot more time and even more setbacks before Bucky had reached this elusive point of contentment with his other self, but Toni and Steve had been there for him unfalteringly until he’d gotten there. It was the beauty of having friends again; of having family; to be able to have someone else reach their hand out and pull him up whenever he fell to the ground.
He’d kept to those resolutions as much as he’d been able to, over the years. He’d added to them too, of course, but the most important thing he’d learned from it all, was the standard by which to hold anyone who entered Toni’s life.
Toni was pretty much the only person in the entire world who never, at any point, mixed Steve Rogers with Captain America; was the only person in the entire world who knew exactly when to reach a hand out to the former in order to give the latter the strength to be everything the world thought he effortlessly was. Steve wasn’t entirely sure how he was going to do it without her, this time.
Hope you guys enjoyed it! Again, Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
“Eight?” The genius whistled low, a sound of amazement that was pretty much universal. “Wow, you’re practically a grownup then, aren’t you?” she asked, injecting admiration in her tone that she knew Peter got a kick out of when she directed it at him.
who followed me into the jaws of death,
” she murmured without conscious thought, lowering herself on to the window seat across from him and reaching a hand out towards her son.
His fingers itched to use Tony’s gift, to capture the face he loved so much on canvas, in charcoal, in paint, in pencil, in anything and everything.
“You should be,” Rhodes replied a little roughly, and Toni didn’t take the tone personally. In all the time they’d known each other, it was old news to the genius that Rhodey didn’t deal well with being afraid, especially when he was afraid for someone else. Case in point, when his mother had been ill, or the stories of what a nightmare he’d become in the months that Toni had been missing in Afghanistan. It was, she knew, Rhodey’s biggest fear that something would happen to someone he loved, and he would be powerless to stop it. “When Pepper called me… I’ve only had that feeling a handful of times before in my life, Tones,” he said frankly, and there was unabashed pain in his eyes when he shifted to look at her. “Hated it every damn time.”
The glance he’d exchanged with Rhodes had given Bucky an opportunity to take stock of his surroundings, and the waning light was the first thing he noticed. It sent a spike of apprehension through him, wondering as he was whether they would be able to get much done without the benefit of 20/20 sight, but for the moment, he kept working.
Pressing his lips together until they turned white helped him to seal away the hurt little sound that built up in his throat the longer he thought about it. With slightly trembling hands, he snatched up the plain white envelope that was sitting innocuously on the majestic mahogany desk in Steve’s study.
A blatant lie, it had to be said. It was a well-known fact among the Avengers that, despite their near-constant battle of wits, pranks and general ribbing of each other, there existed a very unique and specific bond between Toni and Clint that defied all reason but prevailed against all odds. When it came down to it, they were both rather enormously protective of each other, and Toni wasn’t sure just why it was that way for Clint, but she knew exactly what had triggered that bond for her. Of the entire team, it had been Clint who’d been the first person to make her feel like she was part of something bigger; that the Avengers were a family, their family. In the same way, he’d been the first person to make her appreciate the notion behind coming home…
He followed the same procedure, miraculously keeping his tears from falling, and when he turned around, his efforts were aided by the blood droplet he spotted on the floor.
Without giving Kevin-the-stupid-paramedic a chance to protest, Steve shifted to face Toni again, all softness and warmth. “I’ll be right back, sweetheart.” He spoke the words like a vow, and without asking, the genius knew that Steve needed to say it far more than she’d needed to hear it. “I need to have a talk with one of the reporters.”
Something, Steve realized in a moment of fleeting insight, Toni shared with his mother. She fixed things.
Steve was reluctant to let go as his friend pulled her away, but he reminded himself that Bucky had known her longer and they were friends (or more) so it was a good idea to let him handle this.
Toni had dealt with that devastation as a little girl, already; hidden in the safe and warm embrace of Jarvis, or her mother. From behind sparks and wires and tools and the wonder of creation, she’d regrouped and realigned her expectations and emotions. She’d learned how to foster the hurt and turn it elsewhere, to anger or belligerence or feigned indifference.
Tony pulled away a split second before Steve could physically pull him back, which was probably for the best, but the super soldier’s luck ended there. “On the hunt for ice-cream,” he answered, as though it should have been obvious, grinning as he looked over the other man. “It’s been years, Ry,” the brunet commented, sounding like he was lamenting the time that stood between then and now. Then, almost as an afterthought, Tony shifted to put Steve a little more in his line of focus. “Let me introduce you. This is my buddy, Steve Rogers.”
It damn well should be, if Barnes was willing to throw Steve under the bus like this. “He gave us all very specific instructions,” he finally settled on, his expression strangely devoid of the usual scorn it held when he looked upon Tony. “The common part of all those instructions was to take care of you.
She pulled away far too soon, and Steve frowned a little to himself when that thought registered. The physical comfort, he was sure, was what prompted his disappointment; there was nothing like a little contact to reaffirm that they were safe.
She shushed him gently; rocked him until he calmed down to a miserable sniffle. “I’ve got you, sweet pea, I’m here now, and I’m not going anywhere,” she promised. “Can you do something for me, brave boy?”
To be fair, he hadn’t realized it himself either; at least not at first. But then, the chips went down and push came to shove and all those other metaphorical things happened, and Rhodes was forced to face just how much of a two-way street their relationship was…
Either way, their shared toxic upbringings had been a shared thread between them, and might have even served as a basis for understanding between them, if not for the rookie mistake Natasha had made on that first assignment.
Bucky worked with strict single-mindedness, a repetition of motion that reminded him, somewhat, of his first time shipping out. Back then, he’d been a young hotshot convinced that he was going to serve and that he wouldn’t fall prey to the wake-up call that a first real tour was supposed to give all fresh soldiers. Like the rest of them, he’d been woefully mistaken, and in that first week alone, had considered calling it quits give or take seven times.
Bucky forced himself out of his memories and turned his attention back to piloting the Quinjet. The thing practically did the work itself (or rather, through JARVIS, three cheers for StarkTech) but if he didn’t focus on flying, he was going to focus on trying to calculate the chances Toni had of surviving, and if he did that, he was going to lose his mind.
Sleep wouldn’t dare to come until he did.
to know.
Because time was running short, she made quick work of the barricaded door, rather than drawing it out and indulging in a little psychological torture. Bullets sprayed across the expanse of the room, drilling into the armour as if they were peanuts being thrown at a tin can, and Toni waited for the assault to end with the patience of one who knew exactly how the world was going to end.
Toni wondered whether Steve knew that his free hand grasped her wrist, fingers pressed against her pulse point.
“Well, for the sake of that, and for the safety of my best friend.” Overhead, the mechanized voice of Lieutenant Colonel James “Rhodey” Rhodes drifted over them, sounding distinctly unimpressed in a way that raised Steve’s hackles. Although, to be fair, there was plenty about the man himself that did that anyway, mostly because of the rocky footing they always seemed to be on.
He thought that the pressure would have flustered him, but like everything with Tony, it somehow all fell right into place. “I was jealous because I wanted you with me,” he corrected, the words falling off his tongue like there was simply no other answer. “Wherever we were, I didn’t care, I just wanted you with me.” After a beat, he added lowly, “I always want you with me. Nobody else. Just me. Just you and me.”
Amazingly, Tony’s lips twitched slightly, but he doggedly refused to smile. Not while he was mad at Barnes. They could enjoy this newfound friendship once Steve was safe and Tony was done being positively furious.
she admitted softly, and Rhodes felt uncomfortably like he was intruding on an intimate conversation, all of a sudden. But Rogers didn’t show any indication of wanting him gone, so stubbornly, he stayed.
An earthquake? Take out Toni Stark? No way.
“Close your eyes, Rogers,” Toni instructed him softly when his gaze shot up to hers. She edged her palm a little closer to his eyes, making him close them automatically, and rested her fingers lightly over his eyelids as Erskine began to count down. His hand, a little warmer, cupped Steve’s shoulder, and he focused on the twin touches as serum suddenly flooded his body. Toni muttered something, fingers smoothing at the top of his jaw when he clenched his teeth against the pain, and he only realized how much he was clinging on to the comforting feel of her hand against his face when she took it away.
Too often, a member (or members) of their merry band of misfits were hurt in the line of duty, and Toni had taken that into account when she’d been elbow-deep in specs and designs for the fastest, most durable weaponized jet in the history of flight. Things like shock-absorption and a basics-equipped medical area were as key in her designs as the flight stabilizers and impact-proof propellers. The end product had been one of her proudest inventions, and she’d never appreciated it as much as she did right at that moment.
A smile curved Steve’s lips, and it was only in that moment when he realized just how much he’d needed another voice of confidence. Another voice of reassurance, and who better than Bucky, who’d never given up on a sickly kid from Brooklyn who invited trouble the way most people avoided it?
“Not a chance, Doll,” he managed after a second, and before Steve could stop him, Bucky was leaning down and pressing a hard, smacking kiss to Toni’s surprised lips. She laughed, the sound bright and carefree, as Steve grabbed his best friend in a headlock while Bucky tried to defend himself with the repeated reminder that he’d sworn to God he was going to kiss Iron Man.
Not unsurprisingly, his father had disagreed. Loudly and vehemently. The fight that had followed was the worst they’d ever had, ending with Howard laying into Tony like a punching bag, and Tony packing a bag of meager belongings when he could stand and showing up, beaten to hell and sobbing himself hoarse, on his best friend’s doorstep.
? Christ, she hated her father, but she really hoped her boyfriend hadn’t killed him. That would have been difficult to explain to Fury.
He closed the distance between them with big strides to go with his big grin. “Lady Stark!” Toni braced herself, and without preamble, Thor engulfed her in his arms. Miracle of miracles, his hold was exceptionally careful, likely seeing that she was hardly fit for enthusiasm in any nature. “You have triumphed in your battle! I had no doubts, I assure you,” he said as he pulled back, and Toni grinned in amused disbelief.
“We’re less than two hours away.” It was Bucky who offered the update, voice hollow and calm, but Steve could see the way he was battling for control. His best friend usually refrained from giving the reins to the Winter Soldier programming in him, but Steve got the impression that this time, Bucky was only doing it until he could take a chunk out of AIM himself.
Before Rhodes could offer anything else by way of comfort, Steve stepped in. “You got it, sweetheart,” he murmured in response to her small plea to get her out. “And we got you, okay?” Then, softer, “I got you, doll.”
Toni hedged,
knew,” the supersoldier pointed out. “I should’ve listened to you, I should’ve…”
of Steve’s pencil on paper as he sketched or intermittent whirring of her bots. There was no peal of delighted giggles as JARVIS patched her into a feed of Peter playing with Thor or groaning of the vents from where Clint was skulking because he was bored and Nat was busy swimming laps or sharpening her knives. There was no random call from Bruce to double check the ionization levels of his current experiment or companionable clanging as Bucky explored the engines of one of her cars while she worked.
For a few long moments, he tortured and teased her with his tongue and fingers, getting drunk on the sexy sounds she was making for him. He interspersed his machinations with kisses, some deep and plundering and others light and teasing, all the while groaning praise and compliments and reminders of his love to her. It still made his heart skip a beat when she told him that she loved him back.
They moved as a unit, following the sounds of screaming and begging. Before they could enter the room it was originating from, the doorway was filled with red and gold; Toni.
The words made her throat constrict slightly, and it was only through vicious self-control that she didn’t throw herself at him in a hug. Instead, she nodded mutely, clumsily patting the hand that was now wrapped around her elbow.
Tony’s eyes were wide and a little glazed, and Steve wasn’t entirely sure that either of them was breathing anymore, but after a long moment suspended in time, the brunet exhaled shakily.
“Seems like a bust. You might’ve been right,” he admitted, conceding defeat to the argument they’d had just before the team had left, in which Toni had insisted that the Intel they’d received was faulty, and also too vague and directionless to amount to anything. “There’s been no evidence to suggest that anyone’s used this place for at least a decade, least of all a secret HYDRA base.”
and all at once, familiar determination hardened her voice,
The man wouldn’t last an ambulance ride.
Chances were good that whoever this was hadn’t gotten the memo about Toni staying behind. It wasn’t a regular thing for her to sit-out of field missions, not when she was one of only two that provided aerial support to the team. More to the point, if they’d been banking on her absence, the attack couldn’t be directed at her or the tower. There’d be no point, as they wouldn’t be able to gain access to her lab, and nobody else was home. It was just her, and…
him. And knowing that he meant that much to them went a long way towards tempering his possessiveness.
Bucky took up his place on her other side while Bruce hovered behind her, and it felt ridiculously like she was being herded into the elevator. It made uneasiness prickle underneath her skin, and absently, Toni wondered how long it was going to take before she went berserk with all the careful treatment. She’d never done very well as a patient, and handled persistent protectiveness with even less grace.
“Thank you,” he replied, his voice dipping a little lower unconsciously as his solemnity slipped through. “Although, I couldn’t have done it without the soldier in the armor you sent. I never did catch his name… can you tell me who he is? So I can thank him too?”
A choked sound was ripped from her throat at the word ‘
Then there were the flowers the next day.
Cliffhanger! Sorry guys, it's evil, I know, but I promise more fluff is incoming, if that helps? *hides face*
he mock lamented.
This time, when he kissed her, it was hard and almost punishing; it was a mark of dominance and possession, but also the sign of a spectacular crashing of emotions as Steve let all of his pent-up feelings and fears pour out of him like water out of a fallen dam wall. Toni responded with as much fervor as she could manage, her own emotions meeting his like cracks of lightning, until a whimper of pain escaped her from trying to hitch a leg around Steve’s waist. The sound had her lover pulling back instantly, much to Toni’s disgruntlement. Both of them breathing heavily, Steve rested his forehead against hers, regaining composure without forfeiting their closeness.
Peter complied without a word of protest, snuggling even closer into her. Toni kept a hand over his head and maintained a constant slew of softly murmured assurances and comforts as she made quick work of getting out of the bunker and into the waiting Quinjet. She relaxed finally with the familiar surroundings, but even then, Peter didn’t lift his head or let her go.
Not that she would ever admit it out loud.
at you? Why would I yell at you?” Rhodes deadpanned. “Couldn’t be that you got yourself trapped under a decimated building because you thought you could out-speed a fucking earthquake. You’re not that reckless and stupid.”
The super soldier kissed his lover sloppily, skating his tongue soothingly across that abused bottom lip before he pulled away. “S’okay, sweetheart,” he coaxed, “let go for me. I wanna see you lose it, I wanna watch you come for me.”
Thrown off balance by it all, all he was able to manage was an intelligent, “Is this a test?”
Peter became aware slowly, confused at first as to why someone was shaking his shoulder. It didn’t feel like his Daddy, who was always soft and gentle, and Mommy woke him up with cuddles, so…
“Alright, semantics behind JARVIS aside,” Steve held up a hand, hoping to preempt any questions. Toni could just damn well answer them herself when she was safe. “Why hasn’t she connected back to us?”
It was telling of the affection between the pair that, despite his words and her hassling, Bruce still critically examined the work that the medic had done thus far, and ever so carefully began helping by cleaning cuts that hadn’t yet been treated by Kevin-the-stupid-paramedic (the amendment to his nickname well-deserved to Toni’s thinking). His exceedingly gentle touch told her volumes more about his worry for her than Bruce himself would have done.
His gut was churning, instincts screaming to him that he had missed something vital, had messed something up spectacularly, but he ignored them, willed them away in order to fix his attention on his old friend. Howard was struggling to his feet now, cradling his face, and at any other time, Steve would have been posturing with pride over the mean right hook his girlfriend had, that had probably broken her father’s cheekbone. Instead, he rushed forward to aid the older man, shifting his stance to support him.
Bruce prompted, sounding reluctantly amused as he cut her off.
“I keep repeating it,” Bruce sighed long-sufferingly as he continued towards them, “but I don’t think you hear me when I say that I’m
J <3 <3
“That’s her choice, Steve,” Bucky said lightly, pointedly vesting himself of Steve’s grip around his wrist. “And as best I can tell, she’s still a free agent and therefore, completely fair game.”
Glancing uneasily at each other, and then at the unmoving corpse of Slime Man, the goons made the executive decision to put their guns on the ground.
As far as Bruce Banner was concerned, Toni Stark was a goddamn menace.
JARVIS had been enacting his own special form of revenge as well; refusing to call down elevators for Steve, switching appliances off after Steve switched them on, flicking the lights on and off at random; little things that wouldn’t have been remiss on a child, which was oddly fitting since the AI was sort of like Tony’s son. Some part of the super soldier took comfort in the fact that the AI’s punishments were juvenile. He had no doubt that JARVIS had capabilities far exceeding that of a petulant toddler, and so he knew that the AI wouldn’t hesitate to employ the most ruthless methods in his programming if the true intention was to eradicate Steve. As long as JARVIS had no serious desire to see him burn, Steve had to figure that Tony didn’t have that desire too.
Tony. At least Tony would have a chance.
“I love you,” he said roughly, as if it was a confession, as if he were willing the words to take hold in her soul. Not knowing it had done that already, the very first time he’d said them to her. “I love you so damn much.”
Except that she had her eyes rooted to the television, knuckles whitening where they were gripping the handle of her mug, because apparently the child Toni had saved was safe… and quite possibly at a cost that Nat didn’t want to think about paying.
“Toni…”
The next few moments happened in a blur of activity. Suddenly, the door was opening, and the rest of the Avengers were flooding in wearing identically grim expressions. Bucky snatched the phone from him, talking to Pepper in harsh, low barks, Clint intercepted Peter, who was rushing towards Steve, and Natasha and Bruce made a beeline for him.
The kid pulled away from his mother long enough to glare fearsomely at the reporter. “Stop it! Stop saying those mean things!” he demanded, yelling as Peter was wont to do in order to make his point, and loud enough to catch the attention of the rest of the crowd of reporters. “Miss Toni is the best superhero in the whole world, and she’s a real nice Mama too! She was real brave and she didn’t let me go or let me get hurt, not even a scratch! You don’t know anything!”
“Who did?” he asked, all too happy to keep Toni tucked against his chest. It felt like a piece of himself being returned after having been ripped out the day before; and he never wanted to feel the fear of losing it ever again.
Even when she’d hated him – or, well, she’d thought she’d hated him – she’d still been thinking about him. In the little cushion of time between the battle of New York and when Steve had shown up at the Tower with a duffel and a look that was equally lost and hopeful, Toni had spent an inordinate amount of time alternately worrying about what the super soldier was doing and how he was handling the shock transition into this century’s tech-filled travels, and muttering under her breath, mostly to her bots, about how stupid, self-righteous Captain America could shove his stupid, self-righteous shield up his stupid, self-righteous ass if he looked at her one more time like he was measuring her and coming up short.
“I spent most of my adult life trying to do and be the person he’d meant for me to be,” Tony continued, gaze trained unflinchingly on Man-Child, who was beginning to lessen the pressure of the blade just slightly. Not enough to move, but enough to stop digging into him. “I made decisions that I told myself would make me happy, because it would have made him happy. It took me too long, and too much bloodshed and pain before I realized that I was trying to make a dead man proud of me. A dead man who had never cared about me in life, and probably sure as fuck didn’t care about me in death.”
And it was here that she’d learned what to do with love. She’d learned that the only thing she could do, when given this amazing and unconditional love, was to work as hard as possible to be worthy of it. Deserving of it. And along the way, learn to love, too.
The soldier in the armor laughed indulgently. “Well, Barnes, that’s because you decided to go for a goddamn vacation before you could see all this brilliance come to fruition. Hold on, boys,” he added warningly, and Steve looked up to see a crumbling ceiling. Without preamble, the soldier fired what looked to be a missile at it, making both Bucky and Steve curl closer in an attempt to evade the falling debris. It worked as well as could be expected, creating a hole for them to escape into without burning any of them.
,” she murmured without thinking, tears slipping down her cheeks against her best efforts. Knowing that hearing her cry would only make things worse on her son, Toni forced herself to clear her throat and softly propose, “How about Aunt Nat tucks you in, just for tonight, and I’ll sing for you on here until you fall asleep, just like we’ve been doing with Daddy since I left?” Then, because she knew that only one thing had the slightest chance of helping, she added, “The next time you need to go to sleep, I’ll be there, sweet pea. Promise.”
The soldier laughed, but even through the distortion, sounded uneasy. “God forbid.”
“Toni!”
A hint of hesitation entered her expression. “Was that… did I…”
She was damned if she answered and damned if she didn’t, so stubbornly, Toni kept her mouth shut.
Toni kept speaking; an absent-minded rundown on the progress of her meeting before everything had gone to hell in a handbasket around them; until Steve slipped fully into sleep. As much as he wanted to, and had been taking care of her, Toni felt it equally imperative that she look out for him, and supersoldier or not, Steve didn’t function well, going on 36 hours with no sleep.
it, not least of all because Bruce and Nat were the only ones he was currently on good terms with.
Precisely none, because if the love of her life and their son wasn’t motivator enough, nothing else would be.
Steve entreated, and for all that he’d probably meant to sound gentle, there was still an edge of desperate misery that pulled at Toni’s heartstrings. Part of her immediately resented that she’d been weak enough to call her lover, and subsequently caused him the pain of spectating her own pain, but the insistent voice in her head (that always sounded rather like Steve himself) repeated that there was only strength to be gained by the connection between them. Shutting all her thoughts up, Toni focused all her energy on listening to Steve, letting her eyes fall shut on a ragged exhale.
It worked to an extent; Steve sent her a wry little smile that that seemed to say her efforts were noted and appreciated. “Neither,” he answered as he took a few steps towards the barricade that had been put up between them and the crowds and media circus. “I’m gonna give them the “Steve Rogers Is Gonna Swing Back If Anyone Swings At His Girl Again” threat. It’s a little more graphic than the usual,” he added, a hint of cheekiness in the smirk her threw back at her.
Someone tapped his shoulder and Steve exhaled shakily. “Hold on, darling,” he instructed her, voice thick. “I’m coming down to get you, okay? I’m comin’, doll.” It took a Herculean effort to drag his eyes away from her, but the blond managed the feat, eyes fixing instead on the delicate structure around and beneath him as people strapped him up to the harness.
Steve wasn’t going to forgive himself. How on earth could he expect Tony to?
From his right, Barnes was suddenly there, a calming hand laid upon his shoulder. Tony had honestly forgotten all about the other man’s presence in the room until right then, but now that he remembered, he couldn’t help rounding on the other brunet as well.
They were joined by Bruce, who was already wielding information dug up on his tablet. “We don’t actually have any way to predict when the next aftershock will hit, and how powerful it will be,” the doctor wasted no time in relaying to them, grim-faced. “We have neither the equipment nor the tech, and even JARVIS’ estimates would be rough, at best.”
That, though, was apparently good enough for their young charge, because Peter nodded in approval at the words, immediately relaxing from his stern stance. He threw his arms around Steve and giggled as the super soldier crushed him to his chest.
He had work to do.
Rather than Steve, it was Bucky who answered, sounding playful and light on the surface but with an undercurrent of throbbing relief.
Blue holograms filled the air around him, but even the comforting familiarity of his own space couldn’t negate the sickening feeling in his gut for what he was working on.
Fear, that Tony was so careful never to show. Anger, that he was so quick to find when someone hurt one of the team. Affection, that Steve loved to see in his absurdly animated orbs. Pain. Regret. Apology.
she thought fleetingly.
– try to stand in my way or stop me from going, I swear to God I will
Blue, robotic eyes fell on him, feeling bizarrely as though they were speculating on him. Evidently, though, the soldier decided against whatever he was thinking, and instead simply shot him the same, customary lazy salute that Steve had begun to associate with him. “You got it, Winghead,” he agreed, predictably, and before they could continue their conversation, their ride was there.
Thor had walked without thinking as he reminisced, but he was unsurprised to find himself back at the very same spot he’d been with Toni all those years ago. Their team had become a family since then and just as she’d predicted, Thor was making headway in finding that with Loki again, not entirely without Toni’s frequent guidance and listening ear. There were times, Thor knew, in which his brother himself had sought out the counsel of the Woman of Iron, and whatever it was that they spoke about, it was helping tremendously to repair the fractured relationship that existed between him and the Trickster God.
Steve fought down the feeling that he wasn’t going to like the answer. “Then what, darling?”
“Bullshit,” Howard challenged, looking aggravated as he hopped back into the little hatch and fairly shoved her out of the way. Steve bristled, but before he could say anything, Phillips was assigning them all their new jobs and Toni left without a word as soon as he told her to pack.
Love was a weakness. It was a liability and an inconvenience and it got you killed in the field.
Clint had lived a life largely fraught with pain, anger, loss, regret, and then more pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni had tried to tell herself that it was simply her overprotective instincts; though rarely shown, they were keenly felt, and it was usually enough for her to be there but this time, she was holding down the fort at the tower and the rest of the team was on the field. It was only natural for her to feel anxious until she knew that they were safe again… but she couldn’t shake the feeling that this was something
The armour shifted restlessly around her, panels sliding back into place with smooth motions that she might have been proud of, if she’d had any inclination to critique her work. As it were, Toni had a single purpose in mind, and there would be no distraction from it. She didn’t dare to think of his name, or even allow herself a moment to picture him, because it could only bring her fear.
It had taken Steve months of diligent and patient reminding to get her to accept that, and still, Toni had her off days, but over the years, her boyfriend had given her the most priceless gift of understanding. He’d been steady as a rock whenever she’d found the courage to reach for him and caught her when she didn’t, and ended up taking a proverbial tumble because of it.
On the one hand, it was typical behavior for the Lieutenant Colonel to throw things at him in the hopes that he wouldn’t dodge or catch it in time. On the other, Steve mused as he cracked the bottle and sucked down half its contents in a single gulp, it was entirely unlike the man to get him a water just because the sun was reaching its peak and beating down on them, and Steve had been like a man possessed for the past few hours, alternately digging and dragging Bruce over for an echo image to check their progress.
At the time, it had felt like a weight close to the world’s had been sitting across his shoulders. How could he, or anyone, have possibly predicted that it would be Toni Stark, the woman renowned for her cold and untouchable demeanor, who would share that load with him?
“I hate to be the responsible adult among us,” Bruce cut in dryly, the implication that he always was, sitting heavily in his tone as Steve and Bucky exchanged grins, “but shouldn’t we at least pretend to be strategizing? Just for the sake of our reputation?”
Before Steve could make any sort of response, Tony piped up, “Hello, Captain.”
Toni’s ears were still ringing slightly, something which she knew was attributed to the nasty knock to the skull she’d taken going down, her whole body ached with a smorgasbord of injuries and JARVIS, her ever faithful companion, had been forced offline by the damage to the suit that she could probably fix, but needed to wait until she wasn’t periodically seeing two of everything.
because of something he did, or said, and I
It was a mistake that she still sometimes berated herself for making. How often had she delivered a flawless performance of her own, living the lie so that others wouldn’t question it? She’d always thought it a strength of hers to pick up on the act, because there wasn’t a trick in the book that she hadn’t already played, but Toni… she’d more than lived the lie. She’d perfected her lie so that it became impeccable, above reproach or doubt. Certainly, it had been months after their last meeting before Natasha had realized that she’d been played.
Biting back a curse, Steve gripped his shield; nothing else could withstand the force of his crushing grip. “Toni, baby, you need to tell me what’s going on so I can help. Let me help you,” he snapped, hoping that the harsh tone would be enough to bring her back from whatever place she’d fallen into.
And damn if her hurt didn’t suddenly ease away, replaced with deep sympathy for the pain that she’d never wanted her lover to feel. No matter how she felt, she’d never wanted him to deal with this.
Unwillingly, his eyes flickered to the arm that had been grabbed by Howard, and he was incensed all over again to see the red handprint bruise that was blossoming there.
God help her, but Toni was tempted to. Ever since MIT, whenever Rhodey had left to go somewhere, be it back home to check on his mother, or to some get-together Toni hadn’t been up for, or after they’d graduated, whenever he’d shipped out anywhere, Rhodey would ask Toni to say the word:
Peter nodded against her and Toni hated to do this, but she knew it was necessary. The longer the little boy was here, the more fearful he would be. This whole ordeal needed to be over for him, and it wouldn’t be for as long as he was inside this room.
He nodded rapidly, but before she could demand a verbal confirmation, the doors to the workshop swished open again.
It had been something of a mantra to her, growing up, and so she’d learnt from a young age exactly how to spin the press. To make them see nothing more or less than exactly what she wanted them to see and what she needed them to see, and that had always been one simple thing: infallibility.
The genius had always felt oddly touched by it.
She took the stairs and didn’t even look back when Coulson called out for her.
with you. I was an idiot and I didn’t see it, I
In his life, Tony had accumulated a lot of guilt. He lived with the guilt of designing ways to make killing easy for years, and the guilt of being the son to a man who still did. He lived with the guilt of knowing that his mark had been on the missile that had killed his mother. He lived with the guilt of knowing that she had given up her life for him, even still.
Toni batted his arm away without breaking the kiss and slid herself closer, looping her arms around his neck. She rocked down against the bulge in front of Steve’s sweatpants and instantly, his hands snapped to her hips, clutching her in a punishing grip to keep her from moving. Almost immediately, he gentled his hold, and it made her want to huff a sigh of impatience.
Lifting her head, the genius had a quick retort for Bucky poised on her lips, but it fell away when she spotted Maico in the brunet’s arms. Toni forced one of her trademark grins over her face, expertly clearing all fatigue and pain from her expression.
for it.”
He’d known ever since the day he’d met Edwin Jarvis.
And lastly, a sister.
That was the furthest thing from the truth, because Toni Stark was a million times the person Howard could have ever hoped of being, and Steve would have gone to his grave swearing on that even before yesterday.
A laugh that sounded more like a sob escaped from the kid’s lips, and Tony held up a hand in the general direction of the rest of the team. Steve nodded, almost imperceptibly, supporting the inventor’s unspoken order not to take a shot at the kid. Tony was turning this around, somehow, and as far as he was concerned, if they had a chance to rehabilitate the kid, give him the second chance that not many others got? That was a win in Steve’s book.
Rogers didn’t bother to repeat himself or check if anyone had any questions or protests; only turned on his heel and dug right back into the destruction; but Jim didn’t hold that one against him. Time was of the essence, now; Toni had been stuck down there for twelve hours, by the estimate his suit was giving him, and even at full health, that was eleven hours and 59 minutes too long.
Against all reason, he didn’t feel any of the hesitation he’d anticipated feeling. Instead, Steve was drawn almost magnetically to where Tony was, standing alongside him close enough to let their arms brush.
Rather than shrinking away from his pretty impressive form, Stark only got up closer, chin jutting out in defiance. “Did Phillips tell you that? What a load of bullshit! D’you honestly think Erskine chose you –
About how Toni and the soldier both spoke about Bucky with the same acquaintance.
She rolled her eyes slightly, but smiled and lifted two fingers to her forehead in a lazy little salute. “You got it, Winghead.”
would have followed up his date with a quiet night on the roof of the tower, with lit candles and softly playing music so that they could have their first dance underneath the stars.
“The armor’s ready!” Bucky grinned broadly as he hooked his arms around the soldier and climbed into a piggy-back that made the three of them look all kinds of ridiculous. Steve couldn’t have given less of a damn as they flew upwards and out of the burning factory. “Last I checked, Toni was still tweaking the computer interface?”
“Agent Carter!” She turned at his call, sending him a bright smile, and if he’d had any doubts, then the complete lack of flustering or enchantment he felt at the sight confirmed that he was there with the wrong woman. “Do you, uh… do you happen to know where Toni is?” he asked hesitantly, when he was within earshot.
He grabbed her around her bicep, wrenching her around like a rag doll and shaking her slightly. “I can’t believe you could be this selfish, Antonietta!” he barked at her, eyes blazing with a familiar mix of temper and contempt. “To willingly sit idly by, knowing how much we all mourned for him? Knowing how much the world needed him, how much America needed him? And all for what? Some childish fantasy that you will ever be enough for a national hero? Steve had a life, he had a woman he was in love with, a woman worthy of being with him, who loved him back, he had friends who needed him; but he’s stuck here, because you want to play happy fucking families!”
A jerk of his wrist ripped her shirt all the way down the front, buttons popping noisily but without much resistance. A gasp caught in her throat at the action, making Steve grin in wolfish satisfaction, but it was nothing compared to finally getting a chance to look at her like this. “Christ, Toni,” he husked, drinking in the sight of her and wondering if he would ever see a more gorgeous thing in his life. “You’re so goddamn beautiful, sweetheart.”
“Steve Rogers, not noticin’ love. Big shocker there.”
Part of him argued, logically, that it was simply an instinctive reaction. The surveillance footage had shown him more than enough to know that Toni had been dealing with an irate and hands-on Howard from as far back as her childhood, and more than likely, being confronted with that again had brought out the defensiveness in the beautiful genius that had been cultivated in her youth. The signs were there, in the way that she had remained mute and statue still while Howard tossed accusations at her about being selfish, and unworthy of Steve, and in the way that she’d shut down when the man had dared to grab her arm and shake her. Throw her to the goddamn floor.
It still took every inch of his willpower.
“Ninety percent!” Toni called out this time, apparently having made the executive decision to bench her own father, and he focused on her thready, tense voice to try and block out the pain.
The supersoldier must have been right on the edge with her, or perhaps it simply went against Steve’s nature to deny her pleas, because that was all it took before he grabbed her thighs and dragged her closer, slamming into her with a rough snap of his hips. Balancing himself with his hand pressed to the mattress near her head, Steve loomed over her, his body completely covering her as he continued to fuck into her with the desperation and need of a man starved. The edge of roughness was smoothed out by the protective way in which Steve held her; as if, after all this time, he still needed to remind her that she would always be safe with him, even in the throes of both their lust-filled hazes.
“You came back, you came home,” he babbled through tears, almost incoherently, and if anything was clear it was that their best attempts to protect him from this incident had failed abysmally. Peter spoke in stops and starts, breaths hitching uncontrollably with his tears. “I thought you were gonna be gone
he asked himself scathingly, familiar self-recrimination bubbling just under the surface of artificial calm. As far as the inherent limitations of being an unenhanced human went, Clint rarely felt them on account of his extensive and advanced training, but today, all of them seemed to mock him ceaselessly.
But that, my friends, is a story for another time.
They’d had it out for reasons entirely unrelated to the apparent media bashing that Toni had taken, but knowing that didn’t ease any of the regret that Steve felt. But it was over, he reminded himself wearily. In the past. There was no point thinking about it now.
Cheers filled the air around them as the trio landed as close to the rest of the rescued platoon as the armored soldier could manage. They couldn’t celebrate for long, though; not when Steve realized that his transponder had a bullet hole in it and the suit’s battery was too low to make a connect without also becoming a veritable coffin for the man inside it.
It was likely that the pair would always be closer than Peter would be with him, although that wasn’t at all to say that he wasn’t close with his son. It was just a matter of how early the trust with Toni had been built. He wasn’t envious of it; only adoring.
“A headshot,” Bucky repeated, standing over Slime Man’s body as another of Steve’s guys worked on his restraints. Incredulous blue eyes shifted to Tony, whose gaze was locked calmly on the goons as Steve’s people – Barton and Romanoff, as he’d heard it – led them out. It wouldn’t do to let any of his targets out of his sight until the room was secure. “A headshot, with a fractured wrist.”
she told herself grimly, gritting her teeth and blinking hard, determined to finagle her mind into some semblance of a working order.
Aww, aren't they precious?!
And broke his heart the way that Steve must have broken his.
Toni’s voice came over the speakers, crackly and ill-defined but still clear enough to capture the weary pain it contained.
Distantly, she wondered if she’d ever be able to think of Peter as anything less, now that she’d given into it and called him hers.
still did. He didn’t even bat an eyelid about her first priority being getting back home to her son.
It didn’t really lend authority to the anger he was hoping to still hold on to during this conversation, but it did serve to melt his lover’s eyes back to their usual soft blue. “Do you understand me, Steve?” he demanded, realizing belatedly that there was something hot and moist tracking down his cheeks. “If you ever do that to me again, if you ever put yourself in that situation and… if you… and expect me… I swear to God, Steve…”
Her concession notwithstanding, it still thrilled her to no end when she was barely a foot out of the elevator before an air shaft popped soundlessly open, and Clint dropped to the ground in front of them.
She took off her helmet. Sent him a blinding grin and a cheeky salute. “You got it, Winghead.”
“I know,” he eventually conceded, rubbing light circles on Peter’s back. “I’m glad she has him in her corner. I just… wish that I had been, too.”
“Love you, too, Hawkeye.”
As Shellhead took off into the sky, Steve wondered one more time just what the relationship between Toni and the soldier was.
Steve was going to wake her up with nightmares about Toni’s screams for help without being able to reach her, and finding her dead body, and coming back to their home bearing the news that she was gone and never coming back.
Whoever it was, it seemed to work, because after an agonizing second, Toni was shouting out orders again. Something about reactors and rerouting pressure and emergency sensory dulling nerve-based tech; honestly, from the sounds of it, she seemed like she was actually smarter than she’d advertised, which might have meant that Steve had something to apologize for if he survived this.
Clearing his throat slightly, he tried for an answer. “Yeah,” he nodded, pleased to find that it was easier than he thought it would be to return her smile. His nerves steadied some in the face of her conviction, and if nothing else about Stark was endearing, he could at least appreciate that she was being decent to him right then. Even if it was more about her experiment than actual concern for Steve.
She held the little boy close to her, pressing kisses to his face that tasted salty when it mixed in with his tears. “Oh, my baby,
Adopting a mock innocent expression, Tony asked, “Aren’t you the man with the plan, though? Star-spangled and all? I think I’ve even got the tapes somewhere around here to prove it…”
the super soldier hedged, and at the very least, Toni knew that he was being truthful.
In his defense, Steve hadn’t known, hadn’t even had an inkling of knowing, that Tony had been right outside the goddamn door.
she replied mildly, and Toni smiled at the typically sharp voice meant to push her into action. No last words for Natasha Romanoff.
Steve could admit, in the relative comfort of his own mind, that eavesdropping on Tony’s conversation with Rhodes had probably been wrong of him. Okay, it had definitely been wrong of him, but in his defense, it hadn’t been his intention; all he’d wanted to do was join one of his best friends for another one of their sleepless nights made easier and better for each other’s company. Nightmares plagued both of them on a more than frequent basis and after a while, it had become second nature for one of them to seek out the other when the images in their heads got too bad to handle alone. It had been a natural progression to go from helping each other out to becoming best friends, and an equally natural progression for those nights to go from necessary to voluntary. And why wouldn’t it have? Not only was Tony fascinating company, but being the sole focus of his attention was also a heady thing, not least of all because the man himself was so vastly different when they were alone, as opposed to when they were in public.
“Knock it off, Gomez,” Toni drawled, somehow managing to sound both bored and sharp. “Nobody here wants to see your pale, pasty tail, we’ve all seen enough horrors to last a lifetime.”
One way or another, he had a duty to the people of New York. Innocent people who had lives and families and needed to survive. But he couldn’t, just couldn’t sacrifice Toni to that.
Steve nosed his way along her jaw and pressed his lips to the spot behind her ear. It felt like an apology. “I was scared of hurting you,” he murmured back, by way of an explanation. “I didn’t know whether I would, by mistake, whether I could trust myself not to.”
Pepper answered with obvious reluctance, her voice thick and miserable.
Dread hit Steve all over again as he was reminded of the cost she paid every time she donned that suit.
For the first time since he’d known her, Toni seemed to be struggling for words. “It’s complicated,” she finally muttered, sounding so miserable that Steve couldn’t even pretend to be frustrated with her.
Noting the bullet holes in the armor, Steve had to ask. “How long is that thing going to hold up, Shellhead?” he flicked his head towards the damage in reference.
Trembling, with anger now instead of fear, he bit off dangerously, “
“Soon,” was all she said in reply before cutting the call, trusting that Nat would hear her just the same. She had plans to make, and backup plans to the plan just in case.
“Who the fuck are you?” he asked incredulously, flicking his gaze between the suitcase, the fabricators and Tony.
A piece of a beam, previously held in place with rubble, had tumbled into their space and pierced through her bicep. Thankfully, the rest of it was being held in place by large chunk of cement, so it hadn’t gone all the way through, but the impact had hit with enough force to break through her skin in a deep gouge, if the thick, red blood sluggishly slicking down her arm was enough to go by. And the pain. Sweet lord, the pain.
Without giving him a chance to protest, she donned her helmet again and shot out of the plane, making Steve’s stomach lurch unpleasantly when he realized how close to the missiles she was going to be. Seconds passed like lifetimes as he watched the screen in front of him, heart beating a little easier when one by one, the red missiles turned grey before his eyes.
And Toni was lost.
And Steve had fought goddamn wars.
Hope burst through his chest as he whirled around to see the suit, banged and dented and more than a little damaged, but functional. As it began a very slow and careful descent to the ground, Steve distantly heard flashes going off from what seemed like a thousand cameras at once, and the voices of reporters.
Rolling his eyes good-naturedly to mask the second pulse of inexplicable irritation, Steve shook his head. “I’ll join you,” he said lightly, aiming a smile at Peggy and ignoring Bucky’s sharp look. “I have to thank her. And thank you again, Peggy.”
Swallowing against the lump that lodged in her throat as Rhodey flew away, Toni told herself that he would be okay; she’d certainly taken all the possible precautions to ensure that, when she’d upgraded his armor. Turning her attention to her lover instead, a smile quirked her lips when Toni recognized the satisfied look in his eyes.
A beat of unease pulsed through her. There was no hesitation in the way he called her ‘Mommy’, not like the uncertain stutter that always preceded him calling her ‘Toni’. It was obvious that Peter was more comfortable with the former address, which could have been why Steve was going along with it instead of heeding her wishes like the considerate boyfriend he usually was, but it scared Toni on a deeper level that she cared to admit. There was a certain amount of trust and honor in that title that she knew she didn’t deserve and couldn’t live up to. How would she ever forgive herself for letting Peter use it, when he was only going to get hurt later on when he realized that she was so unworthy of it?
Tony awkwardly maneuvered his hands into the collar of his t-shirt to grab the butterfly knife still hidden along the arc. It took a ridiculous amount of restraint, but after a few minutes of sawing to the background track of Slime Man’s monologuing – which was surely another Bad Guy Requirement – Tony was out of his binds with minimal cuts and abrasions to his wrists in the process.
The pet names made Tony’s chest glow with warmth, and he tried fruitlessly to convince Steve that he didn’t have to wait to take him hard, by drawing his boyfriend into a filthy kiss.
she repeated in an absent murmur, scaring Steve with how different she suddenly sounded.
Stark, however, wasn’t done. “And if I were you, Hodge, instead of commenting on
She’d made it clear right from the off that she was completely unafraid of him; something which Bruce couldn’t have imagined being gifted with in a thousand lifetimes of being the Hulk. She’d forced him to embrace the side of himself that he hated by treating him the same way she would a friend. A brother. By treating the Other Guy in the same way. The first time he’d Hulked out accidentally in front of her, a couple weeks after the battle with Loki, she’d simply sighed and rolled her eyes at the subsequent destruction in the lab before going right up to the Hulk and introducing herself.
For example, her super soldier boyfriend who Rhodey still wasn’t sure was firing on all cylinders.
Inexplicably, Steve knew the soldier was smiling behind the helmet. “You know how I love the skies, Winghead,” he replied easily, somehow managing to lounge back as he sat on the tree stump he’d claimed as his chair. “’Sides, this baby’s got some mileage on her yet.”
And okay, he could berate her until the sun came up, but he was
he eventually conceded, and Toni let out a breath she hadn’t been aware she was holding.
And it was only after the battle had been won, that he’d realized what a brilliant friend he’d acquired, too…
The silence only lasted about 15 minutes before it was broken again. “What are you working on?” Howard asked, somehow managing to sound curious and condescending all at once. It grated on her nerves, but Toni swallowed the instinctive response, namely telling her dad to kindly go fuck himself.
They stayed like that for long minutes until Peter tuckered himself out, drowsy and on the brink of sleep against her. When his eyelids finally slipped shut, Toni began the slow process of extricating herself from Steve’s arms and standing without dislodging her son, or for that matter, jostling her arm or ribs.
He gentled his lips after a few moments, and Toni dimly became aware that they were both breathless. When he finally pulled away, it wasn’t very far, and his forehead dipped to rest against hers in a gesture of tenderness that made her the back of her eyes sting.
She didn’t stuff her pillows with money from war profiteering, she didn’t don her suit with the intention of seeking out adulation, and she sure as hell didn’t adopt her son for the sole purpose of keeping up with trends.
She was snarling, imposing in her own right, in that unique way that seemingly, only a mother could manage.
Tony didn’t startle as Barnes’ voice materialized behind him, but it was a near thing. “Gun,” he answered shortly, not ready to let go of his anger at the other man.
Ridiculously, the words warmed her even as they calmed her, chasing away the last ebbs of panic in a way that only Steve seemed capable of doing. It took Toni several tries before she felt secure enough to speak without the possibility of her voice breaking.
Not for the first time, Steve considered the family they’d patchworked together since the Chitauri invasion, and the battle that had almost cost him the best thing this life would ever give him. It had been Bruce, not him, that had been the first to move in with Toni, although she’d already designed a floor for them all by then. Some might have called it preemptive of her – others, presumptuous, even – but in retrospect, Steve could only think of it as deeply insightful. In the same way that she’d known Bruce would return to the battle in New York even after the disaster on the helicarrier, Toni had also known that each of them would find their way to the newly-christened Avengers Tower when they realized that they needed a safe space to call home.
She was going to wake Steve up with nightmares about small, closed spaces, and being pelted with rubble, and being assaulted with the endless cries and pleas from Peter and Steve and the rest of their family.
“What’s your name, honey?” she asked softly in fluent Spanish, trying to distract him while her mind barreled its way through calculations and probabilities and backup plans to backup plans.
, but
Pure, simple annihilation.
Toni pursed her lips to keep in her low exclamation of guilt. She ached to scoop Peter up and reassure him that everything was okay, but she couldn’t do that. She couldn’t even ask Steve to do that, because her lover had come to her rescue, and there was no way she could regret saving Maico but Toni would have given anything that was hers to give, to spare Peter from all this.
He took her lips in a sloppy kiss. One big palm raked down the side of her body, and Toni hummed when Steve curled his hand around her knee and hitched her leg up around his waist. She quickly followed suit, wrapping the other one around him as well, and when he broke away, she wasted no time in helping to divest him of his t-shirt. When it was thrown to some corner of the room, her lover stole another short, searing kiss.
And hey, on the plus side, at least they’d figured out the Mommy quandary.
He gave into the urge to steal another kiss – or three – and when they finally pried themselves away from each other (because superheroes arrested for public indecency was something that not even Coulson could spin) Toni wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned back in his arms to look up at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Would you say something, please?” he asked irritably. “I feel like I’m talking to a brick wall, here.”
Distracted from his meditation techniques by the buzzing of his phone, Bruce sighed and checked the screen. It was a text from Natasha, and while that normally wouldn’t have distracted him when he was in the field and she wasn’t, this time, he had to factor in that the redhead was part of the Avengers who were on babysitting duty.
was the first thing the redhead said, sounding tearful and scared but a lot more composed. Something, Steve distantly recognized, he probably had Bucky to thank for.
Absently, he realized that she smelt a little like strawberries underneath the smoke and metal.
It made his throat tighten a little, both because of the salute to his mother and because it was the perfect way they could have ever toasted her.
And how had she forgotten that she’d learned her own razor-sharp defenses from him? How had she forgotten that the one thing Howard Stark had taught her, was how to pinpoint weaknesses and go for the jugular before your own throat was sliced open?
Steve nodded, and when he looked up at her again, those tears had fallen down his cheeks. “He is a horrible man,” he agreed, but with the intensity of his gaze upon her, Toni knew that his words were directed at her. “I just didn’t know. I didn’t know.”
“And what?” Steve asked harshly, helpless to soften his tone even knowing that his target was undeserving of his ire. “He told you that you needed to calm the savage beast?”
He also knew that when they got back, he owed Toni one helluva thank you.
It was enough to make any man crazy, but his first Sergeant had given him advice that he’d never forgotten: Don’t focus on the things you can’t control. Focus on what you’re doing, and do it damn well, because that’s the only thing you can do to help ‘em now.
Steve’s mind helpfully provided the replay of Toni shutting down the soldier who’d been taunting him by reminding him of how she kicked his ass. If that had apparently extended to more than just Hodge, he could see why Bucky would be worried about that.
Knowing that Toni had only come up to bed two hours before, and wanting her to get some rest after the most recent project had been completed, Steve had come up with the (brilliant) idea of him and the kid taking Toni breakfast in bed. It had given him and Peter another chance to bond, and had given Toni a longer reprieve than she might have had if this morning had been a Nightmare Situation.
And yes, that was in capital letters, because for as many flaws as she’d had, Maria Stark had always been there for her daughter and was one of a select three people upon whom Toni could count. In doing so, she had instilled a deep appreciation in Toni for the strength, resilience and love of a mother, and in the lifetime that followed, Toni never showed anything but the utmost respect to mothers in general. Mothers – the ones who did their jobs with love – were amazing and wonderful creatures, the truest miracle even in a world that had superheroes.
It hurt Steve to see her uncertainty, as out of place on Toni as the look of vulnerability she was wearing in that moment, but in a small way, he also felt incredibly gratified to see that she was comfortable enough to show him what he was sure few, if any people had ever seen before. An honor though it was, however, he wanted nothing more than to soothe the look away.
for grade school; or whatever it was they taught normal kids doing normal things with normal lives. It had been her singular, most important lesson; the one that she had learned first, the one they had kept repeating, and the one that she’d been meant to carry for the rest of her natural life.
“She means to say,” Peggy contradicted with a grin, “that
“Goodnight, sweet pea. I love you more,” Toni murmured, and uncaring of the audience, began to sing softly.
At the wobbly sound, Steve’s face rippled with pain, but he took a step towards her, arms carefully extended.
Steve buried his face in her neck, grinding against her as if he could get even deeper than he already was. Her body lit up as the motion dragged him over her clit. “Love you, Toni,” he growled into her skin, rough and mindless. “Love you, I love you. Let go for me, baby, please let go for me.”
in there,
And then, the blessed sound of her voice behind him. “That’s a lotta promises to be making a girl, Captain.” He shot to his feet, whirling around and taking in the relieved but still somehow cocky look on her face. “You sure you can keep ‘em?”
Steve nodded as much as he could while kissing his genius. “I got you. Mine,” he growled after the – third? Fifth? – kiss, palming Tony’s ass possessively as he attempted to make it very clear who the man belonged to. “You’re mine, Tony, ain’t sharin’. Nobody gets to be with ya, only mine…”
and it was supposed to make everything okay again, but instead, it had just ruined everything, because Tony might have moved on from him but Steve certainly wasn’t ready to let the genius go. It wasn’t fair, he hadn’t even had the chance to have something to move on from! And yeah, maybe he only had himself to blame, and he was, but this… Tony caring for him and loving him even though he was no longer
“Don’t blame you,” Tony shrugged, carelessly continuing his conversation with Steve despite the man’s repeated attempts to interject. “He doesn’t sound like he’s the sharpest tool in the box.”
His voice had caught in his throat and suddenly, his anger had taken a backseat to the protective concern that swamped him. She was a fighter – he could tell from the way she straightened her back and faced him head on despite how crappy and scared she must have been – but for some reason, Rhodes had felt an innate desire to step in front of whatever and whoever she was fighting.
“Steve?” The Captain was in full battle mode, posture rigid and eyes flat, but he still acknowledged the address silently by flicking his gaze towards Bruce. “Nat texted,” he relayed, waving his phone in the air demonstratively, something he was pretty sure he’d picked up from Toni. “Rhodes got word and he’s close-by, and headed there, too. ETA three hours, same as us.”
There were still things to talk about – Tony’s foray back into weaponry, who the kidnappers were, the fact that his boyfriend was a fucking mob boss – but that was tomorrow’s problem. For tonight, Tony just wanted to lay with the love of his life and relish the fact that nothing was actively and currently trying to tear them apart.
it was because he was bored, but secretly, Peter knew that his Uncle Loki was missing Mommy same as he was, and they both agreed that she was gone away for too long.
Steve grinned, feeling a rush of warmth and ease that he never would have thought he’d feel around a dame, leave alone Toni Stark. This newfound friendship of theirs was definitely preferable to arguing like cats and dogs, though some part of the super soldier was relatively certain that some of the arguing was bound to still happen.
“Fuck, that hurt,” Howard groaned, eyes screwed shut, and Steve resisted the urge to tease him about how Toni had taken plenty worse and brushed it off with a snarky comment and the smirk she’d inherited off her old man. Steve didn’t figure the man would want to talk about his daughter when she’d just flattened him, and especially not about how tough aforementioned daughter was. Later, maybe, when they’d sorted the situation out and could have a laugh about it.
As far as Mondays went, this one completely fucking sucked.
Steve shook his head slightly, a sound emerging from his mouth that was half a laugh and half a choked back sob. “Too right,” he managed after a few seconds, wondering if Toni knew half of how much Peter picked up from her every day. Half of how important she was in his life, in their life, in their family. “You just keep on doin’ that till we get back, okay, bud?”
Clenching his jaw, Bucky refused to entertain any other outcome besides getting the genius out safe and bringing her back home.
Steve didn’t need to ask, to know that his best friend had had backup plans to backup plans this morning. If the talking hadn’t worked, he had no doubt that Tony would have thought of something else to make sure that Steve walked out of the battle alive. That was just who Tony was; always thinking, always solving, always ten steps ahead. Twenty. Thirty.
Huh. Toni was either preoccupied or upset about something, or Peter had been.
And the time, of course. It told very accurate time.
“I’ve heard ‘bout couples mimicking each other’s behaviors, but that’s just eerie,” Bucky commented with a grin. “It’s like she’s here, ‘cept she’s a fella.” Steve rolled his eyes with an amused smile, but before he could quip back a retort about how he’d love Toni as a man just the same, Bucky continued, “Where is she, anyway? I haven’t seen her in a week.”
But her eyes were pinned only on the one who’d yet to move. The one who, she’d seen in the traffic cam footage, had been the one to backhand and throw a sobbing little boy who made up one of the biggest parts of her whole world, into the back of a car.
“James!” Rather than offer an answer, Toni’s inaction ended with her delayed reaction to seeing Bucky. She smiled brightly, the sight changing her entire face, and threw her arms around his neck in a giant hug. Bucky chuckled softly but gathered her close nonetheless, being careful not to hurt her any more than she already had been. The unpleasant heat came back into Steve’s chest and just as he started to question why he’d even tagged along to what was obviously a reunion between them, the genius pulled away from Bucky and repeated the process with him. Thankfully, Steve didn’t waste too much time being stunned by the affection, and instead just pulled her close to him.
Lips caught his sweetly, placing perfunctory kisses meant more to calm than arouse. “Love you, doll,” Steve murmured back, against his lips. “Love you so damn much.”
There were way too many memories of that to draw from.
The best and the worst feeling in the world… that sounded about right. Only Steve hadn’t known, not when he’d been close to broken at the sight of an injured Iron Man, or when he’d been metaphorically knocked off his feet by a tuxedo-clad Tony Stark.
And okay, that was pretty much how Toni wanted it, to be honest. Ever since she’d been a little girl, showing any sign of weakness was nothing less than taboo, and fear was the greatest weakness of them all.
our country, without losing good men and women in the
Not Tony, Steve wanted to point out childishly, but he held back both impulses and forced a smile as he shook the man’s hand. “Nice to meet you, Cole.” Not. “You an old friend of Tony’s?”
Bucky nodded once, but Rhodes only stomped past him, the armor making the feat far more impressive than if it had just been the man. Without a word, the super soldiers followed, both of them knowing without saying that it wasn’t worth the fight in this moment. In this point in time, when every second counted, when it meant the difference between getting Toni back and… not.
So they had.
, because apparently Stark could inspire hope in even his cynical brother, “be sure and tell her that I am greatly unamused by her heroics at the best of times, and this certainly wasn’t that.”
She, like Nat, had become a sister to him. Clint wasn’t sure when it had happened; probably at some point between the day that she’d opened her home to him, and the day that she’d done the same for Natasha; but regardless of how, it had happened, and it went against his very being to be muddling around helplessly, thousands of miles away, while Toni was in trouble. Logically, he knew that they’d sent their heavy hitters in to help her, giving her the best shot at making it out relatively unscathed, but if he’d learned anything over the years, it was that there was nothing logical about family. Even as he knew that it didn’t make sense, Clint still wanted to be there, to try and do everything in his power to make sure that his surrogate little sister made it out of there without any more damage that she’d already, unacceptably, sustained.
Tony had arrived at Carbonell Tech right on time, and their initial (and sickeningly thorough) search had lost him the dagger and one of his butterfly knives. In a stroke of genius, he’d secured the gun in a false sole under his boot, and taped the other knife to the edge of his arc reactor, correctly thinking that they wouldn’t be interested in touching the little blue disk, assuming as many before them had that it was a glorified pace maker. That in itself lent a little more weight to the theory that these people weren’t doing this for his tech; or at least, not primarily.
It was odd that Toni’s way of being a good friend, was to refrain from pointing out that Nat loved Toni too much to hurt her, too.
She’d used her Toni Stark Smile.
Steve pressed his lips to her temple, and for a long moment, kept them there. Later, when they were safe at home and away from watchful eyes in the privacy of their bedroom, Toni knew the relief would hit him full force. There would be a variety of emotions, spilling from both of them in an inarticulate outpouring, and there would be pleas, promises, prayers, uttered mindlessly between them as they rode the storm out together. Reaffirmed that they hadn’t lost each other. Ensured that they’d seen through another too-close call.
,” she shot back coldly. “He’s my single bes-…”
It was the best thing he’d heard the whole day.
By its end, he was torn between renewed rage at Howard Stark (
An argument for another day, he decided, as Peter clambered up on to the bed and gently shook Toni ‘awake’. As he’d suspected she might, the genius made a great show of pretending to be completely surprised, winking surreptitiously at him when the enthusiastic four year old threw himself at her for a hug. He sent her a responding smile, feeling love unlike anything he’d ever known spreading through his entire being for the amazing woman who had agreed to be his. There was no one in this world like Toni Stark, Steve knew that, and for all the ups and downs they had, God help him, he loved her. More than breath.
Her vision blurred and for the first time in forever, she gave into the tears that were pooling in her big brown eyes. They slipped down her cheeks unchecked as she clutched her arms around herself, as though it were the only thing keeping her together.
Steve hadn’t entertained the thought for a single second.
The kid wasn’t anywhere in sight. And the suit could only fit one person.
By the time she awoke the next morning, Clint and Nat draped over her legs, Bruce on Peter’s other side with his hand resting innocuously on her forearm, Bucky sprawled over Steve with his head resting against Toni’s hip, and Thor along the foot of the bed with her feet tucked underneath his stomach…
It was times like this that Toni was most aware of how much she’d opened up since Steve had burst his way into her life. Before, the very idea of leaning on someone who wasn’t Rhodey or Pepper was inconceivable; who else was there in the world that she could trust like them?
“Peggy!” Toni returned in the same urgent tone, grinning disarmingly and taking off her goggles to face Agent Carter. “Always lovely to be greeted with your dulcet tones. What can I do for you and the Captain this evening?” Though she included him in the question, Toni didn’t even glance his way, and Steve tried to squash the unpleasant feeling in his gut that came from the slight.
. “I’m so sorry, Tony. I’m so sorry for what I said. You have to know that I didn’t mean a single word of it.”
The smile he got in response was worth the jab about how often he got into fights. “Someday, maybe,” she ventured softly, and the hopeful look in her eyes was lightyears better than the caution that had been there before. “Right now, it’s probably closer to mutually assured destruction,” she added jokingly, “but… someday.”
As intended, their attacker hadn’t. “Make your jokes, Iron Man,” the man-child snarled, and really, if Steve wasn’t close to being skewered, he would have snorted at the thinly veiled fear that the kid was trying to mask with bravado. “It won’t stop me from doing what I need to do!”
It was pointless, because she would worry nevertheless, but it was appreciated.
Snark was Tony’s default, as anyone who knew him could attest, so the fact that one of the men in the front of the van huffed audibly in barely veiled irritation meant that they really didn’t have any clue who they were dealing with. If it really was one of his rivals, then they clearly hadn’t done their homework.
,” she replied after a long moment, tipping her glass briefly before taking a quick gulp.
Several beats passed before Steve realized what he was saying; and realized that the words were so true, they felt etched into his very bones. Toni was his. She was
Toni heard everything that Nat wasn’t saying;
Anger warred with his despairing guilt; anger not at her, but at himself for ever being so stupid as to think so lowly of her and tell her as much; but even the hint of it gave him the strength to push back a little, to push his boundaries and his comfort zone because the most important thing wasn’t whether or not he could handle this. The only important thing was her.
Except most likely not.
It took Peggy Carter – looking like a bombshell in a fitting red dress – and a little bit of good, old-fashioned jealousy before Steve realized what everyone else seemed to have suspected long before.
“You still with me, sweetheart?” she asked the little boy gently, rubbing his back in soothing circles the same way she did with her own charge when he had a nightmare or got sick. Like Peter, the little boy scooted impossibly closer, as if he could hide from everything if he just snuggled close enough, and nodded mutely.
“Don’t worry,” Steve told her as he crossed the distance, voice still rough from sleep. “I’m pretty sure JARVIS is doing most of the piloting.”
It was only by sheer force of will that Steve didn’t bridge the gap between them, scoop her up and kiss her till they were both breathless and gasping.
She would have complained – loudly and colorfully – if not for the rumbling growl that built up in Steve’s chest as he lifted his head long enough to glare at his phone. The sound made her giggle, since she was usually the one with next to no sexual restraint, and she found it in herself to pull away with one last kiss when the phone didn’t show any signs of quietening.
“Then explain it to me,” he implored instead, pinning blue eyes on her that he hoped conveyed exactly how worried and scared she’d made him.
“JARVIS is not a
Realizing as he did that Steve was acting on emotion, Bucky didn’t retaliate, although the tightly sealed lips and clenched fists wasn’t lost on the Captain. Rhodes had far less grace than his best friend, on the other hand, and had no issue with flipping up his faceplate and getting in Steve’s space right back.
When Toni had mentioned having a watch at his back, Steve hadn’t been expecting an actual
Brown eyes fluttered shut with the force of unexpected emotion overcoming her. “It’s okay, honey,” she tried to soothe softly, sensing that the time had passed for any more lighthearted banter. Steve was genuinely hurting; understandably so, Toni could only imagine what the past few hours had been like for him; and she was a bitch sometimes, but Toni would never trivialize that. “It’s alright. We’ll figure this out, it’s just like any other retrieval op.”
“Miss Toni?” Maico called out fearfully, presumably frightened by her momentary silence. His fear cut her to the bone, making her swallow viciously in an attempt to speak through the pain. Thankfully, she was spared any further unexpected incidences when the tremors suddenly came to a halt, rubble settling into place but otherwise falling quiet around them.
Fixing her attention back on Peter, she reached for the rag that she always had hooked to her back pocket. Thankfully, since she’d been working on wiring today, the cloth was clean, and she used it to gently mop at his face and help him blow his nose. They were about done, and she had just coaxed a giggle from her little companion with loud complaints about how he’d scared her when he’d yelled at Howard about being a bully, so of course, that was the moment that the door to the roof swung open to reveal a slightly wild-eyed Steve Rogers.
“Ancient history,” he parroted back to her, and was rewarded with a dazzling smile. “Thank you, by the way, for what you did today.” Joking aside, Steve really did appreciate everything the genius had done to help, and he was loathe to let another moment pass without telling her as much. “For giving up your designs to your dad, and then giving me backup with your armor prototype. For all of it.”
Steve choked a little on a sound that was half a laugh and half a splutter. Having heard Toni speak to the kid, all fluent, sexy Spanish, he was pretty sure that the child didn’t speak English, but his Ma had always said that little pitchers had big ears. Granted, she had always been referring to him when she said it, but that was beside the point.
For a good reason, too. “I’m sure you two have a lot to talk about, and I’m sure Miss Stark does too, but I need to borrow her for a consult for a little while,” Coulson cut in smoothly. Steve and Howard turned to face them, her boyfriend’s face flush with happiness while her father’s was simply faintly annoyed at the pointless interruption. “I’ll be sure to return her as soon as possible.” The agent’s voice was pleasant, on the surface, but with a steely undertone that not even Fury had contradicted.
“Well, then… if no one minds, I’ll be tucking my son in, now,” she announced quietly, too many emotions fighting for dominance inside her, to be fussed about making some kind of witty comment or reply. Before anyone could stop her, she slipped the sling off her arm.
wrong. She really was, after all, unnaturally beautiful.
As if he’d been waiting for Steve to leave before coming over, Rhodey suddenly came into her line of sight. Toni wasn’t naïve enough to believe that it was a coincidence; she’d actually caught on relatively quickly to the tension that simmered between her lover and her pseudo brother; but it was mildly exasperating to have proof that it was still going on. Honestly, she couldn’t pretend to be oblivious to it that much longer… or, well, she could, but it would solve precisely no one’s problems.
“Hiya, Winghead.”
“You need to get checked by the medics, sweetheart,” he said, and it hit him like a gut-punch when Toni only nodded resignedly rather than arguing.
? Because Steve didn’t tell him enough, just how much he meant to him?
So what if she’d rescued the adorable three-year-old baby after the latest attack on the city had left him orphaned? So what if she’d thrown her considerable power around to ensure that he stayed with her, because he only felt safe around her and had no other living relatives? So what if she’d hit their villain of the day with a blast from her repulsors so powerful that it had taken him out for a full week, when he’d mocked the child clinging to her like a limpet? None of that spawned from any sort of sudden maternal instincts. It was, more likely, attributable to her need for atonement combined with a deadly possessive streak to make sure that no one touched her things.
The little boy looked shocked, a look that was almost as bad as if Howard had actually managed to hit him, and when he shifted to look up at her, Toni could see the clear and implicit trust in his eyes, aside the fear and confusion.
There was no need to even get started on the bed thing, on account of the fact that sleep was a relative term to the genius.
She swallowed hard as Steve let out a disbelieving laugh and caught the man in a huge hug. Fury and Coulson’s eyes were on her, but Toni couldn’t remove her gaze from where her boyfriend was already excitedly reminiscing with the man he knew as his old friend.
She nodded reflexively, letting the words wash over her for a second and allowing herself to actually believe them. “I love you, Steve.”
She left without looking back and Steve’s anger deflated faster than a popped balloon. The stirrings of guilt and remorse didn’t make a lot of sense; it wasn’t like him and Stark were even friends, so he shouldn’t feel this crappy after arguing with her; but as it were, the soldier felt extraordinarily like he’d messed up. Big time. And not just with his initial assessment of the Stark.
Honestly, if Mjolnir hadn’t been a hammer of the magical variety that had somehow known not to crash through walls while a tiny, living human was attached to it, Toni might have actually been the first person to kill a God. With her bare hands. As it were, Peter had been fine – completely thrilled with himself, in fact – and Thor had gotten off lightly with a three-month ban on poptarts and Steve kicking his ass while sparring hand-to-hand every day for two weeks.
Sure, Steve was just slightly terrified as the brunette left the bar. But he was pretty sure there was a measure of approval there, too, so he chose to focus on that.
There were people around them – medics and rescue workers and their friends – and a whole swarm of reporters with flashing cameras and screaming questions. Steve was pretty sure he even heard the distant sounds of the kid Toni had saved, trying to come forward. But just for one brief instant, nothing existed outside of him and the love of his entire existence.
Her breath caught as she woke, stuttering in time with the shiver that rippled over her skin. Instinctively, she tilted her head to the side, baring her vulnerable throat without hesitation to the ministrations of a very persuasive Steve Rogers.
and she’s definitely not fucking
But she had her little Captain America button/good luck charm (that despite her teasing Steve about, had never actually left the confines of her suit until now), and she had the childish plastic, heart-shaped red ring that Peter had oh-so-solemnly gifted her with from his cereal box (that she proudly wore with everything from oil-stained jean shorts to sharp-cut Armani) and really, how much more strength did she need?
Steve half-heartedly kicked the edge of the armchair, not wanting to expend the energy to actually reach his smug friend. “I can pay attention to Peter and think about Toni at the same time, jerk,” he replied automatically, arranging his features into an expression of playful condescension he’d seen Toni pull too many times to count. “S’called multi-tasking.”
Dragging in a breath that was just a little thinner than the ones before; hardly noticeable unless one had only partial function of their lungs; Toni closed her eyes and let her head fall back against the wall of rubble behind her. She had no intention of passing out – that head wound was not something she was willing to take a chance with – but her increasing difficulty with keeping memories of the cave in Afghanistan at bay, was hindering her ability to take slow, even breaths, which really just created an endless cycle of pain for the genius. Not to even mention that it would be in bad form to tell the kid not to panic when he woke up, while she was expressly panicking.
, I was
So instead of cowering, Toni simply wound her good arm around Nat and pulled her into a hug. “No, you’re not,” she refuted sunnily. “You love Peter too much.”
“Breathe, Steve!” Nat snapped, dropping to one knee next to him, and Steve abruptly realized that he was hyperventilating. His chest was tight and achy and sore, and it felt like he was going to pass out, and oh
Rogers seemed to absorb that as well, his fists clenched so tightly that Jim would bet his knuckles were stretched white. On the plus side, he supposed, the man hadn’t taken a swing at anything yet, so at least there was that to look forward to.
For all that he knew his lover was awake, she didn’t move an inch, and the reason for that, he knew, was the recently-turned four year old that was almost quivering with excitement next to him.
“What’s wrong, Steve?” he asked, achingly soft. The use of his first name simultaneously sobered and thrilled him; the former because of how rarely Tony used it, and the latter because, well… Tony
He pinned her with a suspicious look, but as the person kept calling for him, he stood up. “You won’t try to go to your lab?” he double-checked. “You’ll rest until I come back?”
It was suddenly easy to put the pain to the very darkest recesses of her mind, and instead focus on crossing the room to Peter, who looked so wrenchingly small.
And Toni didn’t for one moment entertain the thought that she couldn’t.
Toni sucked in a rattling inhalation but visibly relaxed, her features smoothing out, and at the very least, Steve could breathe a little easier knowing that the pain had subsided. Exhausted eyes, dulled into a murky brown rather than sparkling hazel, peeked at him from underneath impossibly long lashes and he felt his breath catch briefly in his throat.
So she’d looked. Until her eyes had strained with exhaustion and the checkered board had flashed behind her eyelids, she’d looked.
The rest, as they say, was history. Rhodes had developed an inexplicable bond with the young Stark and in turn, she’d begun to tentatively learn how to lean on someone other than herself. He protected her as best he could and took on the role of an older brother with the way he was constantly looking out for her. The common misconception had always been, though, that the relationship was a one-way thing. What many people didn’t realize was that big brothers needed little sisters just as much, and in keeping with the metaphor, Rhodes needed Toni more than anyone could immediately see.
Kevin-the-paramedic shot her a look of utter disbelief. “You have a moderate concussion, three cracked ribs, a miniature Grand Canyon ripped into your left bicep, and contusions and bruising to at least 70 percent of your body, and your first priority is getting on a plane?”
It wasn’t recognition of who she was that had stopped him in his tracks; it was recognition of the way she almost imperceptibly flinched as soon as he rounded on her.
He swallowed, going even whiter if that was possible. His knees trembled where he stood, she observed, and he looked like he was about to start having heart palpitations. It intrigued her – what had they expected, when they’d made their move? To have her in helpless hysterics? To hold some sort of power over her? – and it also deeply satisfied her. For every nanosecond of pain and fear they’d caused in him, this was nothing less than what they deserved.
Toni laughed, the sound breathless to Steve’s trained ears, but rather than crack something back like he expected, she only dragged herself to the wall, propping herself against it.
came the small sniffle, and the address simultaneously broke and warmed Toni’s heart. She’d never realized just how much she would love being called that, not until two years ago when she’d stopped fighting the perception Peter had of her, but she’d also never anticipated the kind of heartbreak that came from being unable to give her son exactly what he needed in that moment; herself.
Before he could offer up any protest or reassure Tony that he didn’t need to do this, the man had his pants and boxers around his knees and was taking him down in one swallow. Steve made an inhuman sound at the back of his throat, snapping his hips forward instinctively and then apologizing profusely when it made Tony rear back slightly.
He took another sip of his drink, all too aware that Stark was still looking at him, and a split second before it became too much, she tore her gaze away and fixed it back on the remaining scotch in her glass.
Of course, at the time, they could have never anticipated caring for any humans as deeply as they did now.
The little boy looked like he committing the name to memory, intelligent eyes thoughtful as he gazed upon her. “Mama says she loves me all the way down to her toes. Do you love your son like that?”
“I’m sorry,” he apologized softly, sounding dejected even to his own ears. “I’m sorry, I didn’t… I was outta line, I just…”
She didn’t think Peter, or Steve for that matter, would react well to that discussion.
For the first time since his birthday; since that disastrous moment when he’d opened Tony’s gift and realized just how badly he’d screwed up; Steve felt like drawing. Because this man in front of him, this man who’d allowed him to love him, was the greatest type of muse that the super soldier had ever had; or would ever have, if his gut instinct was correct. His beauty was something that shone all the way through, and Steve was sure that if he just had the chance to look his fill, he would see all the most magnificent beauties that the world could ever hope to offer him.
“Scolded you, maybe,” Toni sniffed imperiously. “JARVIS adores me.” She grinned when the words earned her a snort of amusement from her companion.
They’d called her, at a time, the merchant of death.
Everything was better when Tony was around; that was just a point of fact for Steve, a ready given. And on the field? When everything went to shit around him and Steve had no idea what to do or how to do it? Tony was the one he looked for. Looked towards. If he had Iron Man in his sights, then he knew it wasn’t as bad as he thought, because Tony was there and everything would work out, somehow.
And then, because he thought they both needed it, he raised his glass a little in toast. “To Dr. Erskine.”
Toni sighed a little and twisted her hands, still in his grip. Steve took the motion for what it was, releasing her, but he was happy when she didn’t get up and turn away from him; only shifted back so that she was comfortably seated in his lap again, rather than being pressed up against him.
If she hadn’t realized it before, then that image would have been a glaringly obvious sign that she’d really put her family through the mill this time. Toni couldn’t help feeling guilt, like lashes across her back, even as she knew that she couldn’t in good conscience regret her actions.
“She’s got it.” This time, the voice that came over the speaker was Howard Stark’s, tinny and small as Steve suspected he had been patched in via telephone. For the first time, Steve realized that they all knew Toni was in the suit, and he filed that information away to react to it later. Preferably when he wasn’t on the brink of losing everything. “She’s been handling weapons since before she could pronounce the word. She’s got it.”
An irate Black Widow striding towards Toni the minute she got off the Quinjet, was not an auspicious start to arriving home.
came the soft reply, free of her usual snark as Toni, probably for the first time, allowed herself to let go of her front. She’d kept it up for them, Steve knew, because it was her rock solid steadiness that always reminded them at the best and worst of times that they had someone else to count on. Now, they had to let her count on them.
No. The worst part was the
In the month following the accident, father and son had dealt with things very differently. Howard had binge-drank himself into six separate cases of alcohol poisoning and used Maria’s funeral as a forum to publicly declare that it should have been Tony who’d died. Tony, on the other hand, had developed a miniaturized version of the arc reactor to replace the car battery, and subsequently realized that there were far better avenues of development to explore than weaponry.
“Shh, honey, it’s okay, you’re okay,” Toni cooed soothingly, rocking Peter in her arms while steadily ignoring the throb in her wrist. She’d been comforting him for the better part of twenty minutes, but the child still refused to loosen his grip around her, or even lift his head long enough to look at her. “I’m here, I got you… c’mon, sweet pea.”
Steve had apologized and Toni had forgiven him; not even in that order. The genius had forgiven him even before he had asked her to, because she was just special like that, but nevertheless, he had apologized. He’d fixed his mistake. He’d healed the wound he’d inadvertently inflicted. He was sure of it…
As she’d intended, her words elicited a bark of laughter from Barton. She knew that the man wouldn’t be fooled into thinking that she was completely unhurt, but that wasn’t the point; all he’d needed to know was that she was still fighting. And she was showing him that she was.
to him – so it wasn’t like he was having issues separating out his biological family from this new, adoptive one. But still, he persisted in calling her mommy until she corrected him. The therapist who had worked with Peter for the months following his family’s deaths had theorized that it had to do with the safety he felt in Toni’s presence; that it was something of a coping mechanism, as well as a way to feel secure in this new and unfamiliar environment. After learning that, she had been far more patient, allowing the title only in the moments when Peter seemed most afraid or vulnerable. But if others were using it, Peter was never going to stop.
When he felt like Bucky was done, or as close to it as Steve was going to get, he heedlessly continued his story. “He was talking to Rhodes, I think, remember him?” Bucky only grunted resignedly in response, and Steve took it as acknowledgement. “Anyway, he was telling Rhodes that he… well, that he was over me.” Now, his voice took on a tone that was plainly confused, because Steve could honestly say that he was just that. “I don’t… I mean, when was he under me?” the blond asked bewilderedly, brow knitting together as he thought it through for what felt like the thousandth time.
Toni knew better than to think Steve didn’t care about Maico; no, her boyfriend was simply trusting her to handle her priority while letting her know what was his; but the words lit a whole other kind of heat in her chest. She never tired of hearing Steve refer to Peter as theirs; never tired of reminders of the family that they’d somehow patchworked together. It fueled a resolve in her that she’d always had, making it more potent now, and no matter what it took, Toni was going to see herself out of this along with Maico. She was going to get back to her family and get Maico back to his.
But they were getting better. It was a slow process, arduous, and inhibited by the fact that their entire mismatched family had to heal as well, but this was a good morning. The last of Toni’s stitches were gone and the bruises, almost completely faded. They’d slept through the night for the first time, too; Toni knew there would still be some nightmares, but she’d also learned to celebrate the small victories.
“Who did that to you?” Steve growled without thinking, and even he didn’t recognize his voice in that moment. He wasn’t sure that he’d ever felt such bone-melting fury in his life before. Not entirely sure how it happened, and not really caring either way, Steve was suddenly in front of the genius and taking her arm in a grip so gentle that it completely belied his tone. His concern mounted as he took in the extensive bruising. “Jesus, Toni, what happened?”
Fighting past the wave of initial, knee-jerk guilt, Toni nodded wearily. “That’d be great, J, thanks.” She shifted away from the kid, so as to use her body to block the light from the helmet, lest it wake him up.
Perhaps Toni understood the Mama Bear comparison, now.
Tony smiled against his lips as Steve wordlessly kissed him again. Because, well,
And when, at some point during the night, Peter found his way to cuddle up on Toni’s other side, so that she was sandwiched between them, that comfort was only reaffirmed.
Casting a fond gaze at the playing child, he nodded, dragging his focus back to Bucky’s question. “We were worried, but he’s been alright,” Steve confirmed with no small measure of relief. This had been the first time in the two and a half years they’d had him, that Toni absolutely couldn’t get out of leaving, and also couldn’t make the arrangements to take them with. She’d had to leave at an hour’s notice in the middle of the night and there just hadn’t been time, but Peter had adjusted like a champ. “He misses her, of course,” the super soldier added, with the air of one stating the obvious. “Gets a little sad after talking to her, and he’s been bunking in our room instead of his own. But for the most part, he’s been okay.” Honestly, it had been better than they’d been expecting.
(See the end of the chapter for
A quick reminder: Italics are flashbacks, bold is conversation over comms or phone, and this: (###) denotes a change in perspective <3
With the same lack of consideration Peggy had shown, Bucky strolled into the tent. “Honey, I’m home,” he called out jokingly, making Steve shoot him a disapproving look. Both men were distracted, however, by Toni freezing in place, having just pulled her shirt on. It wasn’t the closeness of nearly catching her without it that had them all stuck in place, but instead the array of colorful bruises all up and down her exposed arms and, if Steve had seen it right, along her back, too.
About how she got upgrades done without Steve ever seeing another soldier spend enough time with her.
“You make the good things become great and the bad things seem not so terrible anymore, Steve,” Tony murmured, and maybe it wasn’t explicitly those words, but Steve heard them loud and clear anyway, filling his heart with indescribable happiness.
If her voice was a little strained and her eyes a little shiny, Steve wasn’t going to be the one to say anything.
“I think I would just be very happy that he didn’t get hurt, honey,” she told him, sensing the importance of remaining within the parameters of the child’s question rather than telling him outright that she didn’t think his mother would care about anything else, other than the fact that her baby was alive and safe.
, and suddenly, she was in his arms, silently sobbing into his chest. It hurt him all over again, especially now that he knew why she had learned to cry so quietly, but he resolutely held on to his girlfriend, gathering her tightly against him and murmuring a soft barrage of comforting words into her ear.
In that moment, as he watched the grainy, haphazard footage shot from a cellphone by a man who deemed it more important to document suffering than help prevent it, he had never struggled so much to be Captain America over Steve Rogers. Because the screen was showing the love of his life shooting into a building mere moments before the entire structure crumbled, burying her underneath it.
Peter seemed to consider this for a long moment, hiding his face against her neck again and absently fisting the material of her vest. Eventually, he pulled away to look back up at her. “D’you promise?”
Just the thought made a smile curve his lips. This wasn’t a life he could have ever predicted for himself, but at the same time, it was a life that he was constantly grateful for having. He had a beautiful, amazing girlfriend – and every day that he was with the infamous Toni Stark, he found himself falling deeper and deeper in love with the woman behind the name – and they had somehow ended up leading a group of the Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, and that had been enough for him. But Fate had intervened, as she was wont to do, and Toni had one day saved a little boy from an attack that had already wiped out the rest of his family; the very moment that Steve had seen her curled protectively around the three-year-old, he’d known that their lives were about to change again, and true to form, barely a month had passed before he and Toni were adopting Peter to cap off their little family. It wasn’t conventional by any stretch of the imagination, but this family was his, and Steve loved every moment of the time he spent with them.
