For all of John Winchester’s faults, nobody could ever say he didn’t love his sons. After all his complaining and glaring he was now standing before Dean, sending his son off. Sure, he had been a little heartbroken when Dean had come to him saying he had enlisted and that it hadn’t been with the Marines, but he knew his son well enough to know he wasn’t a fish out of water.
“Oh, I do love that one.” Metatron finally removed his hand, resting it back on his own lap but leering over at Jimmy in its place. His eyes lingered and Jimmy hated the way he could feel his body being caressed…his mother was too busy with her book to even notice the look. It was truly disgusting how good his uncle was at this little game.
Mary smiled and John rolled his eyes but, not to his surprise, Sam had to ruin it by opening his big fat mouth and saying, “But somebody has to go…” Stupid Sammy.
“Yes, he is…easily frightened.” Apparently he had missed something extremely obvious. Like when you are looking for your keys and they are in your hand.
Jimmy didn’t know why that had hurt a little. Maybe it was because he didn’t want to be small, fragile, in Dean’s eyes. He wanted to be seen as a man…not a little boy. Sure, Jimmy had noticed the weight gain around his wrists, calves, and hips. It also felt so much nicer to sit down. There wasn’t much he could do to change how Dean saw him at this point in time, or at least how Jimmy though the other perceived him, so he let go of his hurt ego. And as he walked into the middle of Dean’s room, preparing to change, Dean hung around by the door…staring. “Um, Dean, could you leave?”
They walked in and the hostess greeted them as if they ate there everyday, she only looked slightly confused when her eyes landed on Jimmy but she quickly went back to smiling at them all. She showed them to a booth. Dean slid in, Jimmy following and Sam squeezing in. It was tight, they were packed together and it was extremely uncomfortable pressed between two far larger people. Dean seemed to understand the discomfort and squished his body up against the side of the wall, giving both Jimmy and Sam more room.
His mother gave him big sad eyes everyday after that, Castiel slowly pulling away farther and farther. Dean shared his worries with his mom and Sammy had joked about it in the car…he didn’t know. John was the first to really ask, “Where is Cas?” Dean shook his head and stocked up the stairs. He spent a lot of time in his room worrying now. Mary hinted at it but she was more of the type to be sneaky about her inquires. All Dean’s thoughts were consumed by what he could do, anything to protect Cas and…steal him away? Steal him away. Protect him.
“Yeah, earlier he came by but he said his name was Castiel and the person I had been talking to at school was Jimmy. He came to apologize from him. He told me to wait and that Jimmy hadn’t meant it. I don’t know what to do.” Mary held on to him tighter, pulling him closer and continuing to rub circles into his tense back.
Dean proudly announced that this was his new favorite food and made his mother promise to only let Castiel cook it. Broken promises would be the death of Jimmy.
This was the third time Dean had enlisted to go to Afghanistan. The only difference to this departure was that this time Sam wasn’t here.
“Yes, sir,” Dean was lucky his father had ingrained that response. Never before had he been glad for his rigorous marine upbringing but he was pretty sure it just saved him a shit ton of problems.
Jimmy didn’t know whether to answer him but unfortunately he felt the gut-wrenching urge to tell the truth. “Most likely not.” Dean looked so devastated. But Jimmy pulled away and walked to the door, pausing only for a second to say, “Goodbye, Dean,” before going inside.
“You’re not going to join us?” Jimmy admired how gruff but kind the voice was. He hated to disappoint the older man but…he didn’t want to embarrass himself.
He wanted out but every time he thought it was his last enlistment he was drawn back in, he realized he had nothing else to do. No hopes back home.
Sam grabbed both his own plate and Dean’s, rinsing them off in the sink and then placing them in the dishwasher before running upstairs after his big brother.
“I’m only 27, what are you like 23? Are you a Christian?” Castiel was a little worried about answering the question of religion with all the stigmas that come with being a person of faith. If Dean had no faith, Castiel hoped he wouldn’t think of him as a person whose only goal is to push religion down other’s throats. There was a time where he might have. And Castiel used to say ‘I am a follower of our lord Jesus’ but after his first year of college his view on faith had changed as well as his view on other’s faith. He still had yet to tell his family of this revelation.
“I made soup, Sammy,” his reply was quiet, still looking over to where Castiel was standing. Sam went to the soup to try it, smiling at the taste.
“Are you okay Cas?” Dean stepped into the doorway, hair still dripping. Apparently his eyes were red.
“I’m Dean, Cas -” the nickname rolled right off the tip of his tongue, and Dean liked how it felt in his mouth. It was much better then just Castiel. But just as he was about to go on, from his momentary stop. Cas cut him off.
“You’re not hungry?” Dean asked as he placed his hand on a boney shoulder, but quickly removed it so as not to make Castiel uncomfortable.
They sat and watched the sun go up, pink, orange, and red dusting the sky. They were silent and everything was nice, the smell of freshly cut grass wafting from somewhere down the street. Dean didn’t want to say anything, he already had too much on his mind and he didn’t want to add to the pile of questions he now had.  And when Castiel didn’t refuse his offer to drive him home. Dean did. And on his way back he couldn’t help the flood of worry that assaulted him as he drove away.
Dean turned off the car, officially shutting off the music. Jimmy wasn’t sure how he felt about it at this time. It had been loud and caused his heart to race but he felt like it could grow on him with time. Maybe he only thought that because Dean had so fondly sang along and Jimmy wanted to be able to join in the merriment.
Dean pried apart Cas’ fingers so that he could look into those blue eyes, searching for what was wrong. Castiel’s eye darted behind him and he followed the line of sight, landing on Mrs. November. Dean covered Cas’ hand, not wanting the man to see the picture. “I’m sorry…I-“ He wasn’t able to finish what he was going to say, his mind too preoccupied with how kissable Cas’ lips looked. But he didn’t act on his wants…Dean didn’t want to scare Castiel away. He wanted to be able to take what he wanted and Castiel to also want it.
“Goodnight, Dean.”  Castiel put his phone on his nightstand, thinking over all the things they had discussed. He considered the man he had just only met. Then he pulled his covers up over his cheeks. His face felt slightly warm, and Castiel thought about getting up and checking his temperature but he doubted he had a fever.
The longer he was in the army the longer he wanted out. He wanted to stop seeing all the pain and suffering. Wanted to be able to close his eyes to it like most of the people back home did. They thought they knew how bad it was but they never did. Dean honestly hadn’t known what he was getting into until he arrived in Afghanistan; he had had idealistic, childish, thoughts of serving his country.
Cas’ face is still stony, but his blue eyes are fixed on Dean and full of something – and Dean thinks it might be hope. He allows that thought to bolster him as he continues.
Letting go of Cas’ hand, Dean reached out to undo the drawstring on Cas’ pants. Cas’ eyes shot open and breath hitched as Dean removed his length and took it into his hand, gently rubbing over the head of his cock, already leaking precome. Then he worked his hand up and down, firm and sure.
He thinks about his mom and how she never wanted her sons to grow up in the life. He thinks she’d be happy to know that he’s found a way to straddle the line. After her second time on earth, she would understand that it’s not as simple as in or out, but it can be better. He’s made the choice to make it better.
, he thought, and swallowed the prayer down, his last thought before he had let go completely, shuddering as he came into Benny’s hand.
“Just try the damn thing on. Indulge me,” Dean tells him, smiling despite the sternness of his tone.
,” Cas said, with an edge of warning to his voice. “You really don’t want to see that side of me right now.”
Hurt and frustrated and confused, Dean gives up on space and tries Cas’ cell phone. After the fifth call, he finds the phone laying on the table in the map room.
Over the next few weeks, Cas’ garden expands and so does his time outside, the sunshine reviving him with each passing day. He soaks in it – and Dean would swear that some days he shines in it. He watches the bees in the morning and the fireflies in the evening. He works on his growing garden and seems – well, if not happy, at least content.
“And I know what you’re thinking now, too. That I’ve planted some false memory to torment you. That’s the grand surprise. I don’t need to! There’s enough hidden up there in your pretty little head to do the job just fine for me.”
“What’s wrong?” Cas asks softly, running his hand gently down Dean’s jaw, “You still don’t believe you deserve to be loved?”
And the Shadow comes to him in different forms. Acting out scenes that could have – maybe even should have – been: He sees Sam, mind splitting with the breaking of the wall between him and Lucifer. He’s in so much pain that he can only manage a single word: “Why?”
“I think he’d be okay with that,” Dean mumbles into Cas’ lips between kisses. “Give me five to finish up what I’m doing?”
“Don’t leave me again, Cas,” Dean whispers, asking for exactly what he wants. He speaks softly, lips brushing against Cas’ shoulder with each word. “You mean too much to me. To the world. You’re the reason that we won, you know. Never would have been able to with you – without what you did. For me.”
Cas is quiet for a moment, then sighs, getting up from the table. “It was my stupid choice to make, Dean.”
Dean makes his way back to the rift and arrives back in the bunker in a daze. He avoids Sam’s and Rowena’s pitying looks and shuts himself in his room. Laying on his bed, he thinks back to when he asked Cas to wipe Lisa and Ben’s memories and wishes someone would make that choice for him. Take all of these memories back. No matter how good a memory, they pale in comparison to the reality, and without Cas, he’d rather have the blank slate than the facsimile.
Dean had wished then he felt that certain. He nodded automatically in response anyway, hoisted himself up, and followed Benny forward, deeper into the forest.
It starts with a gladiolus plant that Dean brings back to the bunker from the grocery store. His shopping list sure doesn’t have flowers on it, but when his gut says to grab it, he does.
Until they tore up the story and set fire to it. Now, every day is a blank page that he intends to fill.
He closes his eyes and raises his voice to the sky one final time and repeats aloud his only remaining prayer: “I love you, too, Cas.”
He considers grabbing the bottle of Jack from the kitchen and heading back to his room. He leaves the bottle where is it and instead goes out to the garage.
Dean had felt an immediate and dizzying headrush but threaded his hand in Benny’s hair and pressed him down, holding him in place as he drank from him.
“Watching everyone I know disappear – the whole world – because of me, because of the goddamn stubborn belief that Sam and I – us surviving was all that mattered.” He laughs, but it’s hollow. “It shouldn’t take a rapture to knock sense into someone, I get that.”
“When you ran off – Cas, you took everything with you. My hope, my – you have no idea. You really don’t – do you?” Dean said, letting out a frustrated noise.
He tries to ignore the way he climbs out of bed easier. The way he rushes through his shower and walks just a bit more quickly down the hall than he has in too long.
He turned his face upwards toward the sky, letting the rays of sunshine warm him up from the inside out. One feeling rose up above the disbelief: gratitude.
He’s put together some things. Those pieces. The ones he’d hidden away so long no wonder they both felt like they were missing. He’s uncovered them now. Taken each one out and looked at them, put them into the sunlight, and he thinks he knows now where they belong. What the pictures shows. There’s just one way to know for sure.
He ended most days with a mix of pleas, curses, and often tears – more from frustration than sadness at that point. Some nights he spoke until his voice gave out, still muttering Cas’ name as he passed out from exhaustion.
And then there are the memories that were stolen. Cas doesn’t have time to process what they mean. Recontextualize the last seven years. The Shadow wouldn’t let him even if he tried.
Back at the bunker, everyone is tense and exhausted. Cas is back, but now Jack is gone. There’s always another fucking shoe waiting to drop.
In one, he saw himself: Dean was kneeling at his feet, pleading with him. He saw his fist slam down again and again, unable to stop it – then and in that moment. Dean’s face, bruised and bloodied at his hands.
Dean sprints up the stairs to the door, flings it open, and pauses before rushing outside. He immediately stops short on the other side.
He had gone straight to his room, grabbing the jacket, still stained with the blood his best friend - blood he would need to perform the spell - from where it had laid since he brought it home.
Cas opens his mouth, then closes it, and nods at Dean – whether in affirmation of Dean’s words or allowing him to continue, Dean isn’t sure, but he swallows and lets himself finally speak the words he’s been avoiding even thinking.
The only real quiet moments were in the middle of a kill or afterwards, when Benny would take his time looking him over – part care, part predator evaluating his prey, Dean had thought. Either way, Dean hadn’t much minded it. Even come to expect it – it had become their ritual.
“Well, if it isn’t Benny’s pet,” the vampire snarls at Dean, approaching him from his right side. He clocks another to his left. They’d come up to him while he was still disoriented from the effects of the first half of the spell. He barely had time to get to his feet as they approached.
” as he came, sparks shooting behind his eyes. He ran his hands instinctively through Dean’s hair. Dean’s lips stayed around the length of him, taking down his release, eyes cast upwards to watch Cas the entire time. Dean had thought that was the most angelic he’d ever looked.
It all became routine between the two of them. Comfortable, or as much as such a thing like comfort existed in a place like that. Dean felt no need to look at it too closely – any port in a storm, and all that, though he knew deep down that Benny was more than any port. He had become the one safe harbor in a storm that wouldn’t stop raging around him. Not from the beasts that had kept coming to kill them nor the desperation he felt when he thought about Cas, out there alone.
“I didn’t know. I thought I remembered it all when you showed me,” Dean says, still looking stricken. “All that time, we wasted –”
“Why can’t you just take the win, man?” Dean spits out. “After everything with Jack today, can’t I just – can’t we just have one thing? Just one thing that isn’t screwed up. Can you just – can you just leave this alone? Please.” If the last word comes out a little broken, he ignores it.
“You seem surprised,” Cas says, trying to keep his voice light to match Dean’s. Visions flash in Cas’ mind – black, cold, and boundless. Nothing. Endless nothing.
Dean searches for the cause and there, on the floor where the rift had been opened just the day before, he finds Cas. Dean immediately drops to the ground beside him, searching for signs of life. Cas is breathing.
Cas hadn’t been used to seeing Dean so unguarded and open. It had been as if Dean felt safer to be himself in Purgatory than he ever was on earth. There was no hesitation in his actions and the place left little time to get caught up in overthinking.
Then he hears it: the answer in the form of a prayer, echoing across the Empty. And his hope renewed.
He allows himself to ignore Sam’s presence, pushing away the voice in the back of his head that tells him to hold back – always hold back, and holds
Cas exhales raggedly, reaches up to pull Dean forward so their chests are flush against each other, hands in his hair, pulling him closer. He searches Dean’s face for any hesitation, finds none.
“I love you,” Cas says, stirring beside him and knowing exactly what he’s asking. He leans over and presses him back onto the bed behind him. “You are the best person I will ever know.”
Dean nods. “Yeah, okay. Okay,” he pauses again. “Can - can I get a picture? I picked up a camera. From the Gas ‘N Sip.”
“What I’m trying to say is that I should have been better to you. I should have been there for you. I
With his head resting on Cas’ shoulder, he allows himself this one moment to feel everything at once: the pain of losing Cas, the relief – too small a word - of hearing his voice, and the warm comfort of holding him right here in his arms. He lets it all flood in, leaving him light-headed. Finally, he pulls back, cupping Cas’ jaw in his hand and just holds him there, eyes capturing every detail as if to memorize Cas’ face – as if Dean could ever forget it.
“I’m not moping, Dean. I’m just getting used to being human. Again,” If Cas notices Dean flinch at the memory of the last time he was human, he doesn’t acknowledge it, “And being pulled here - I just didn’t think I’d ever be back on earth again. And certainly not like this.” Cas, still holding his cup of coffee, takes the seat across from Dean.
After pulling Cas tight into his arms, Dean had cast a glance at Benny, breaking him out of his own moment. Benny’s thoughts, watching the two of them embrace, had been on Andrea, his love in a previous life. A life beyond their current harsh, gray eternity.
Dean stands at Buckingham Fountain in the middle of Grant Park, hands gripping the railing in front of him that’s running around it, as Garth, a member of the makeup crew who’s just as odd as he is endearing, nudges a few stray hairs into place before slamming him with another shot of hairspray.
“Go,” Sam hisses, shoving them both further toward the cornfield. “Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up.”
After a few seconds, he pockets the box and leans forward toward the driver, resting his forearms on each of the front seats. There are a handful of GoPros suctioned to the inside of the windshield, still recording his every move, the producers hoping for some kind of last-minute meltdown they can use for b-roll later. He tries his best to ignore them.
“Trust me, they will,” Dean says, turning back to the folder. As he continues looking through the desserts, he suddenly realizes what’s been missing this whole time, and it hits him like a freight train; he’s not sure how he didn’t notice it sooner. “Hey, where’s your pie?”
“Then whose is it?” Dean pauses, inadvertently letting the question hang awkwardly between the two of them, before trying to shift the conversation. “Listen, sorry. You’re right, we’ll figure it out. I’m...I gotta go, though. See you tomorrow?”
Sammy’s voice barely registers over the music Dean’s got on full blast, some Icelandic rock band one of his students turned him onto a few weeks ago. Dean purses his lips and hell, nobody’s around, so he adds a little hip-shake in for good measure as he digs through the cabinets, looking for more salt.
“He’s so good with Oliver,” Cas says. “They just hit it off like that, and his smile is just...I used to hate it, it felt so smarmy and gross, but now, I don’t know, it’s just...great.”
There ain’t much else to do during the day, so he spends his time wondering what it’d be like—to tangle his hands in Novak’s dark, messy hair; to feel Novak’s lips against his own, nipping at his throat, his shoulders, his chest, before slowly making their way down his body; hell, to just get him to crack a goddamn
“Nothin’. Just passing time waiting on you slowpokes to get up.” He tries to grin, but it’s overtaken by a yawn again as he reaches over and punches each of them on the shoulder. “Ready for today, boys?”
“What the hell are you two doing here?”Dean asks, patting her on the back as she wraps herself around Cas.
They each sprawl out across a fake marble bench that looks like it was plucked right out of the outdoor craft aisle of Michael’s, before the photographer tries to cram all three of them onto it at once.
“Stupid Cas who can’t read Dean’s goddamn mind,” Dean mutters to himself. He’s left a small bit of the page at the top blank for captions, and uncaps his pen without thinking twice, captioning the panel of himself first, then the one of Cas.
“Sam’s got himself a girl,” he says hurriedly. “Miss Jessica Moore. She’s been waiting. Still writes him letters and everything. Seeing him moping over her day and night, especially knowing what he’d been thrown into the clink for isn’t even
And something, something about their voices and Billie’s playing has him feeling all right—hell, confident, even. When Sam and Cas sidestep away from the microphone, leaving room for him to take over, he steps forward without a second thought, the microphone just inches from his lips, and starts to sing.
He, Hannah, Charlie, and Billie are at their favorite restaurant one night after work for one of their regular non-recorded get-togethers. When they had first started
Cas recognizes Dean’s voice and looks up to see him balancing a tray dotted with drinks and appetizers. The question is asked good-naturedly enough, but when Dean sets down the tray and starts serving, Cas can tell the usual warmth he’s grown so accustomed to is missing.
“Only to help defend those who needed it!” Sam yelps. “These folks had no other means to help themselves. I’ll be damned if I’m gonna let the county walk all over ‘em.”
As they walk, Cas learns more about Dean. He's from Kansas, and he's got a little brother named Sammy. His dad's a mechanic and used to be a Marine. He didn't mention anything about his mom, so Cas doesn't ask. He loves rock music, sci-fi, and comic books, which Cas is surprised by. He didn't take Dean as the kind of person to be into things that could've gotten him beat up in elementary school.
Dean takes the lead and Cas follows him back down the hallway and into the kitchen. He watches the confident, easy way Dean walks, how his hand ghosts along walls and door frames until they make it to the kitchen. The more he watches, the more Cas is fascinated by the way Dean moves, gliding his hand across the countertops until his hand comes into contact with the bags of groceries Sam had set down.
“Does that answer your question?” Dean asks after pulling away a few moments later, his crooked grin that Cas loves so much back in place.
Dean grins, and Cas wishes that Dean wasn’t wearing his sunglasses so that he could see those eye crinkles once more.
The narration is timed to synchronize perfectly with Lisa opening the door to her townhouse. “Ben, honey? I’m back!”
In retrospect, Cas should’ve spent the night before his first day at a new school the same way he’s spent all the nights before his first day at a new school: listening to music and trying not to have a panic attack.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah.” He takes a bite of his pizza and washes it down with a long swig of beer, muttering, “His ears look like fucking...potato chips.”
“What are we watching?” Cas mumbles through his sandwich, but almost immediately after the words leave his mouth, he stiffens. “I mean--”
“You don’t understand how hard it was for me to not open this, then rewrap it just to see what it was,” he says, and Cas laughs.
Instead, he tries to ignore the way his palms are sweating, the way his head feels light but heavy at the same time, the way he’s about to voluntarily make a fool of himself on national TV.
“Congratulations, Dean,” he says softly, and before Dean can think about it, he grabs Cas’ hand and pulls him forward, waving two fingers up in the air.
“If I told you guys something,” Cas says slowly, swirling his straw around his drink, “would you promise to keep it out of the show?”
Cas rolls his eyes, trying to mask his bitterness as he thumbs through the hundreds of adoring comments. Once he’s finished, he scrolls back through to the top of the post and, against his better judgment, pinches the photo to zoom in on Dean’s face.
Eventually, Dean breaks the kiss and grins at Cas, who hopes he doesn’t look as desperate, enamored, and fucking turned on as he feels. “You believe me now?”
Cas shakes his head. “He was still out when I left. Unconscious or asleep, I don’t know.” Whatever he is, though, Cas hopes, for Winchester’s sake, that he stays that way until Cas returns. With Michael having taken over watch, Cas has no doubt that the older soldier would have no problem using even the slightest snark from Winchester as an excuse to kill him right then and there.
He holds the phone closer to his face as he squints against the light. Dean rolls his eyes and snatches the phone to try and read it for himself, but apparently the booze has other ideas, and he scoffs when the alcohol makes it seem like the words won’t stop moving on the screen.
explains why your story was so good; you had an inside scoop!” Zachariah pauses, then snaps his fingers as an idea strikes him. “How about this--next week we run a follow-up expose of who the Colt
“Why didn’t you wake me up?” he demands, tumbling off the couch and tugging on his shoes. “Our plane leaves in two hours, we’re going to miss it if we don’t leave right n—”
“It’s a dating show?!” Charlie grabs the phone from Benny and starts typing. “We’re doing this right now.”
He drops his things off onto the desk, writes himself a quick reminder about the faculty budget meeting later that week, then starts dragging the eraser across the board in one huge swipe after another to prepare for his first class of the day. Just as he starts thinking about how he needs to clean these goddamn things, his nose twitches, and he buries his face in the crook of his arm just in time to muffle his sneeze.
Once Sam’s gone, it’s just him and Cas and the crickets, and Dean’s suddenly hyperconscious—of how loud he’s breathing, of the fire crackling between them, the beer sloshing around as he drinks just a little bit faster. He’s almost relieved when Cas gets up and heads into the woods to take a leak, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts.
Cas is woken up in the middle of the night by shouts and whoops coming from outside his tent. He sits up on his elbows, ignoring the scratchiness of the sheets, and swings his legs over the side of the cot. He glances over to where his uniform is draped over a chair, but decides against changing, opting instead to just grab his boots and pull them on as quickly as possible. He looks up just in time to see a parade of lanterns flash past the tent’s walls and immediately picks up the pace, scrambling to his feet and almost tripping over his untied laces.
. Cas wanted to help, and when you think about it, he did. We got food, clothes, and our chains knocked off. And if his cousin thought a few cops would be enough to stop Sam and Dean Winchester, well…” He shrugs. “Fuck him.”
to pity Dean, but if that’s what he wants, that’s what he’ll try to do. “Okay,” he finally says. “I’m s--no more feeling guilty.”
“Emily Abato!” the dude calls, and it only takes a second before a girl somewhere in the crowd shrieks with excitement. The crowd starts to cheer as they part for her to get up to the front. She’s holding two fingers up in the air with one hand to signal that she wants two tickets, dragging her boyfriend behind her with the other. They line up on the steps where HAM4HAM just took place, both of them beaming at the crowd and hugging each other.
He can tell the second Sam’s spilled the beans—Ketch stops mid-swing, his spine going straight as a post—and Dean grins with a quick shake of his head. He looks down at the chipped hunk of concrete at his feet and raises his pickaxe, an added surge of strength flowing through him as he poises himself for another strike, knowing damn well it’ll be near his last. He hauls it high up overhead and aims, one last time.
“Let’s take it from ‘grab me by the collar’ and see how it goes.” She grabs his hands once more and pulls him to his feet. He shakes his hands out, bounces on the balls of his feet as the PA cues up the music.
The guy’s holding a tattered old paperback in one hand, and quickly scrambles to dog-ear a page before closing it. “Sorry,” he says, glancing up at Dean for a second before looking back down and tucking the book into his messenger bag. “I wasn’t--I should’ve been paying better attention.”
Oliver mews noncommittally. He tugs his paws out of Cas’ hands and curls up in a ball on his chest, effectively calling the conversation finished.
Charlie scoffs, punching Sam in the shoulder (then trying hard to cover up the quick jolt of pain that must go through her arm at the motion). “You boys are all anyone in the music industry’s been on about for days now! Sold-out records, thinkpieces in gazettes from here to Topeka—we can’t get the phone to stop ringing with folks who have questions about who y’all are.” She pauses, then looks at the three of them suspiciously. “You mean to tell me you don’t know any of that?”
Michael nods toward Winchester, whose head is still hanging down, resting against his chest. “Has he been like that all night?”
The drawing is full of smudges and rough, sketchy lines, but the longer Cas looks at it, the more he can see what’s going on. The page is almost entirely filled by what looks like a liquor bottle, the neck running up until it disappears off the top of the page. The bottom of the page is what really catches Cas’ attention, though.
They clap until their hands are sore, and when the house lights come back up, Cas looks just as stunned as Dean feels.
For some reason, that question earns him a look like he’s crazy. “Correct me if I’m wrong,” Cas says slowly, “but the last time I tried that, I ended up with a black eye before making it so that you couldn’t walk without limping for a full day.”
As if to prove this, he leans forward and presses a kiss just to the left of Cas’ nose, and Cas smirks, assuming that Dean meant for it to land right on the tip of his nose instead. Dean’s muttered “Goddamn it” confirms this, and Cas’ smile grows wider.
“You’re not the one who’s actually competing, so you don’t need a qualifying time. You just need to work with him and make sure you can keep up with him, then, just, run with him.”
Ignoring the (frankly, accurate, but still weird as hell) nickname, Cas’ eyes roam over the restaurant in one last desperate sweep before he reluctantly admits defeat and follows Gabe and Balthazar, trying hard to replace his current mental picture of Dean with one from the first time they’d met.
“And another thing!” Castiel interrupts, shooting bolt upright and glaring at her. “Why didn’t you tell me not to ask him to touch my face?”
--bookings at Lawrence P.D., is the same guy who slings coffee for a living and spends his spare time reading comics and listening to classic rock.
Bobby looks between the two of them, trying to figure out what the hell is going on. “What’s happening between you two idjits?” he asks, and damn does Dean wish he knew.
It’s still dark when Cas wakes up, but there’s just enough light filtering in from the street lamp outside his window and the small night light in the hallway for Cas to see Dean’s sleeping form next to him. He cranes his neck to peek over Dean at the clock--he’s still got a few minutes before the alarm goes off, and he spends that time just...looking at Dean. He looks so peaceful and relaxed in sleep, his lips slightly parted, face twitching every so often in reaction to a dream. Cas smiles and leans in, presses a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. Dean hums a contented little sigh and snuggles closer to Cas, who closes his eyes and smiles up at the ceiling, wrapping his arm around Dean’s shoulders.
“Actually…” Cas trails off, but before Dean can react, Cas shoves his book unceremoniously into Dean’s hands. “Wait here.”
"Watch him, Novak," Alistair growls, casting a quick glance Cas’ way before marching out of the tent, the rest of the soldiers falling in line behind him. Cas starts at the surprising mention of his name, but stands at attention as he watches the group leave. Gabe softly punches his shoulder as he walks by, and Balthazar gives him a discreet thumbs up that Cas thinks he’s supposed to take as encouragement, but instead just makes him even more nervous. Cas watches everyone leave before hesitantly turning his attention back to their newest captive.
Dean’s got his beer to his mouth and glances around it, then coughs on the sip he’s taking. “Fuck,” he mutters, abandoning the can on the coffee table before scrambling to his feet. “Fuck, fuck, fuck...”
Once they’ve found a spot to sit—Dean’s very particular, circling around and around certain areas like a dog trying to find the perfect space to piss—Cas takes a few seconds to breathe it all in. There’s no screaming kids or fried food smells, just crashing waves and salt in the air.
“Castiel? Favorite brother of mine?” Her voice is high and hopeful. Castiel sighs, already resigned to the fact that his sister needs his help, and judging by the fact that she didn’t even
With that, several PAs jog toward the stunned group of men, handing out creepily realistic baby dolls. Some are crying, and half the men handle them like they’re poisonous snakes. Kevin holds his baby at arm’s length, staring at it as it cries; Victor tries rocking his; Benny tucks his up against his chest, cradling it and resting its head against his shoulder like a pro. Andy stares at him, and Benny grins.
The beep comes too fast, and, distracted by the husky, gravelly tone of Cas’ voice, Dean finds himself stumbling right out of the gate. “Cas, hey, it’s, uh. It’s Dean. Dean Winchester, you know, the guy who asked you to his brother’s wedding even though you’d just met him a few days earlier. That’s me, I like to cut right to the chase.” He lets out a weak laugh that sounds forced and uncomfortable even to his ears, and he sighs, shaking out his free hand to try and calm his nerves. He takes a deep breath before starting over.
“Listen,” Dean says, nudging Cas with his shoulder. “I, uh, about the…” He trails off, gesturing uncertainly around his own cheekbone. “The thing. I might’ve overreacted. A little.”
--he’ll be singing it, instead of acting like he’ll be performing at every show for the foreseeable future. He holds that last note for so long, Dean’s concerned that he’ll pass out from lack of oxygen, and the whole theatre erupts, Dean included, before he’s even done singing. He’s tempted to whistle, but doesn’t exactly know how well that’d go over in a theatre crowd, so he just opts to clap extra loud instead.
Cas grins at Dean, who’s got his eyes closed and is holding his cup up even higher, his grip on Cas’ shoulder just as tight. He’s taken by surprise when Dean and the rest of the park burst out in voices even louder than before.
“Dean, I’m…” He trails off when he realizes that Dean has moved on to the kitchen; he can hear him rummaging around in the fridge now. He returns a moment later holding a bag of frozen peas, and tosses it in Cas’ general direction. Instead of landing on the couch, it lands on the floor with a thud, and Dean stares at it as if it betrayed him.
Luckily, Sam answers, so Castiel gets to avoid that potential injury. He and Anna exchange pleasantries, and Sam informs him that Dean will be ready in a minute.
Cas watches helplessly as the Colt takes on the mugger, punching and kicking and dodging. There’s a terrifying moment when he shoves the Colt backward hard, and he stumbles over Cas’ overturned box of personal belongings.
Dean had been prepared to snap at him, Cas can tell, but Cas’ comment catches him off guard, and he hesitates. “Why the
“Come on,” he mutters to himself, keeping his eyes locked on the open door just a few feet in front of him. They’re so close, they can do this,
“You can help us put it together,” Ben says, pointing his fork at Dean. “Since you’ll be here all the time now.”
. She’s already left for the day, but Cas flashes a small, grateful smile in her cube’s direction anyway. He takes a deep breath and grabs the note, pocketing it before heading to Zachariah’s office.
That brings a small half-smile to Cas’ lips; at least the baseball coach seemed approachable enough.
“Okay,” Castiel finally says, tightening the laces one last time before straightening. “Do you want to like, touch my face or anything before we start?”
He should delete them; the season is over, there’s no reason he needs them anymore. It’s not like he’s going to watch them again.
“I have a broken nose, not a concussion,” Cas says, his words muffled by his hands. The boy doesn’t respond and keeps the fingers up, so Cas sighs. “Three.”
This time, when Sam and Cas swoop in, Dean wraps his arms around them, pulling them in close and mouthing along as they sing,
“Cas, listen—” He ducks when Cas lashes out with a sloppy punch to his jaw that barely grazes him, and Dean would be feeling good about his chances to put him in his place if the shitty punch hadn’t apparently been part of Cas’ plan. While Dean’s got his mind on dodging the punch, Cas delivers a sharp kick to Dean’s already bent knee that drops him like a sack of potatoes.
The second he gets a glimpse of it, he smacks his hand back over the paper and snaps his head up, staring at Dean with wide, mortified eyes. The sheer
“I know there’s no good time to bring this up. I know you’d probably be happy if you never had to think about it again, but when you had said that you’re not dealing with that again…” Cas’ voice trails off, and his heart drops at the way Dean’s eyes dart down to his feet. “I don’t know what
, he wants to say. He wants to say a lot of things, but before he can even open his mouth, someone clears their throat behind them.
Dean takes the non-answer for what it is and grins, elbowing his little brother. “You hear that, Sam? We got ourselves an angel watching over us.”
“Well, you look great,” she says, smacking him lightly on the ass just enough to make his cheeks go a shade darker.
He glances up to see Anna poking her head out of a glass-walled office in the corner of the room. She motions for him, and Castiel hurries into her office. Anna closes the door behind him and runs a hand through her hair before heading toward her desk. She had just recently been promoted to the head of the public relations department at MAB, and although Castiel knew she was thrilled with the new opportunity, he could also see the toll that all the added responsibility was already taking on her.
here, though, and Cas has no interest--or knowledge--in breaking fingers, just setting them, so he sighs and shakes his head. After a few seconds, though, a thought occurs to him that he voices before he can think better of it.
This has never felt so effortless, not with anyone, and Cas can’t get enough of the way Dean seems to lean into every touch, the way that everything he does seems to be exactly what Dean had wanted. He builds on it, teasing Dean further and further with his hands and his mouth until he comes with a satisfied sigh, falling back into the bed and looking at Cas with slightly unfocused eyes.
Without waiting for a decision to be made, Dean hauls up what he can of their chains and looks expectantly at the two of them. “You thinkin’ what I’m thinkin’?”
win, he’d still have to deal with all the fame. The photos and interviews and shit-talking. He tries to act like he can handle it, like shit people say doesn’t bother him, but he’s lying through his teeth.” He pauses, toying awkwardly with his napkin. “That’s not exactly something the producers want you to throw out on the table during hometowns, though.”
It’s a perfect night in the city, but Cas is fairly certain he’d be thinking the same thing even if it was ten degrees outside; that’s how much the warmth in his chest is spurring him on. He and Dean walk with their hands entwined, and they just talk. By the time they’ve arrived at the public gardens, their cannolis are long gone, and Dean leads them toward a bench to sit down.
People are eager to share their thoughts--both good and bad--on the Colt, and even though Cas knows better than to read the comments section, he still finds himself scrolling down to see what’s being said.
Dean gives him an unamused look. “You told me the sky was the shade of shit people buy for a baby shower when they find out the kid’s gonna be a boy,” he says, “and all I get about your eyes is that they’re blue?”
unamused expression on her face. "I don't know why this is so hard for you to understand--" she squints at his name tag "--Cas-teel. We bought tickets online for yesterday, but the weather was horrible, so we didn't come. There were flood warnings!"
They make their way back to campus in relative quiet. The world around them is still asleep for the most part, and it feels weird to break that silence with talk or laughter. Once the sign for their college comes into view, it hits Cas how tired he actually is, and he glances at his phone.
Dropping back into his chair, Dean leans back and kicks his feet up on his desk, the eraser tip of his pencil held between his teeth as he takes in the blank page in front of him. He doesn’t
“Yeah, Sam,” he mumbles teasingly through a mouthful of biscuit. “Think it through next time.” He swallows and is about to turn and offer Novak a grateful smile of his own, but the man’s gone back to scrutinizing his meal, effectively calling their conversation—and their moment—finished.
He beckons for Cas to get closer, leaning forward himself until he’s inches away from Cas’ ear. “Let’s give ‘em a show, huh?” Without waiting for a response, he brushes his lips against the bolt of Cas’ jaw before swinging himself around to Cas’ side of the table. He throws one arm across his shoulders and the other high in the air.
“Please don’t,” he says, and Castiel raises his eyebrows at the unexpected answer, but does as Sam says.
Cas cuts himself off when he catches a glimpse of the break room. The Christmas tree is still lopsided and badly decorated, but now there are presents--presents from their living room--piled underneath. The snowman cake is gone, replaced by platefuls of cookies and truffles. Dean must’ve made those today; Cas doesn’t remember seeing them earlier.
Dean huffs out a quick laugh, running a hand through his already-disheveled hair. “It’s been a long night,” he says by explanation. “C’mon, let me…” His voice trails off as he pulls himself to his feet, then offers his hand to Cas to do the same.
They go on to dissect everything Dean had said in his bio on the show’s website. Every so often, they include a tidbit about another contestant who might have even a snowball’s chance at taking the first prize of Lisa’s hand in marriage, but they might as well have renamed their show
“Hi.” He glances down when he feels a warm ball of fur against his shins; a large black lab is curled up on the hardwood floor and blinks open one eye, studying Castiel disinterestedly. He notices quickly that this dog also has a bell.
Later that night, Dean is back at his apartment and lying in bed, staring up at the ceiling in a fruitless effort to fall asleep. As much as he wills them not to, Sam’s words are still creeping into his head. What if Cas
The resemblance is obvious now that he’s looking for it, and Cas bites on the inside of his cheek. On the show, Dean had mentioned that his father died, but he’d never spoken of his mother.
The stitch in Dean’s side is getting worse by the second, but he can’t stop. Not now, not when they’re so close; he
Just when Cas thinks he’s in the clear, another text from Dean comes through, this one including a screenshot of Dean’s notification page on Instagram, with “Novakastiel liked your photo” circled in red.
Castiel sighs before finally looking Dean in the eye. “This is my first day doing--” he waves his hand around the room “--
“Ridiculously terrible, you mean,” Bobby grumbles. He gets up and heads to the shower area himself, returning shortly with all of their clothes from Gabriel’s bundled in his arms. He drops them unceremoniously into Dean’s lap, raising an eyebrow when Dean opens his mouth to protest. “All I know is you boys ain’t going anywhere before you take out the trash.”
the commuter rail, plus a fifteen-minute walk--so he’s grateful that after a few desperate texts last night, Anna let him borrow her car for the time being. The mess of anxiety that’s made itself at home in the pit of his stomach is getting worse as he drives slowly through the neat, well-kept Wellesley streets, which are a far cry from the potholes and trash-laden sidewalks of his own neighborhood.
Lisa shakes her head, leaning against Dean’s shoulder and gripping his upper arm gently. “They’re just like you,” she says, kissing his cheek. “Perfect.”
When Cas looks up, he catches Dean looking at him, but Dean averts his eyes right when he sees that Cas has seen him looking.
Sam looks like he’s seconds away from smacking him. “Can you, for once in your goddamn life, stop being so stubborn?” He runs both hands through his hair, turning on his heel and keeping his back to Dean for a few seconds before turning back around. “He didn’t know. And even if he did, why the hell would he’ve stayed with us after the fact? I’m not saying it wasn’t a scare, Dean, but Jesus. Hell,
The guy’s eyes widen, and Dean smirks. He shifts his weight a little, preparing himself to stay here for as long as Blue Eyes wants to. “Jesus,” he mutters. “And I thought I was bad.”
“Jesus. Cas, it’s Dean, and I just wanted to let you know that I forgot to ask you for your number. You know, so I can talk to you about wedding details, like the time and location and shit. So, uh, yeah. This is me, asking you for your number. Mine is 617-555-0258. And, uh, I guess I’ll talk to you later. And see you later. Hopefully. As long as I haven’t scared you off with that tour de force of awkwardness I just word-vomited onto your answering machine. I’m not usually that bad, I promise. Uh, so, yeah. Bye.”
Having four grown adults on the small, flat car makes for tight quarters, but they manage, with Sam situated at the front with Novak and Dean on the side. Not comfortable by any means, but the chance to get off his feet for a bit is more than welcome, and he runs a hand through his hair as he lets them dangle just above the rusted tracks. Breathing out a long, contented sigh, he leans back to brace himself on the wooden car, but jumps back like he’s been scalded when he feels his hand land not on the wood, but on Novak’s.
!” She kicks back in her chair, arms outstretched behind her, and wheels around in a quick circle. “
“Got some ice from the bar,” he explains, giving Cas a small smile. “Gotta keep the swelling down.” He pauses again, and Cas watches, a little more infatuated than he’d like to admit, as the boy worries his lower lip with his teeth.
Eventually, the taping ends, and everyone takes off their headphones—except for Cas. He leaves them on and starts tapping on his phone, making it clear that he wants and will have nothing to do with Dean goddamn Winchester for the rest of his time in the studio.
Cas shakes his head. “I’m sorry, Dean. I know you and Anna just broke up a few months ago, and I don’t want to--”
“No,” he says, squinting as he tries to figure out whether or not Bobby’s fucking with him. “Now you’re just talking crazy.”
Cas smiles before reaching for the plate. “Okay.” He can’t help but notice that Dean has taken off his sunglasses. He takes a bite of the sandwich, then adds, “Shin splints aren’t the end of the world, you know.”
Suddenly, Castiel feels like a pile of shit for even suggesting that Dean do something as stupid as that.
Sam purses his lips, unmoving for a few seconds. Decision finally made, he shoves a crumpled piece of paper—probably directions of some sort—into his back pocket and starts ushering Dean toward the door.
“Hot damn, what a day, boys!” Dean says with a laugh. He leans back against a tree, legs crossed at the ankles, and takes a long pull of one of the beers Bobby’d sent them off with. Say what you will about his people skills, but the man knows how to put together care packages like the best of ‘em.
No matter how hard he tries to keep it burning, Cas’ anger only last for a moment or two after he leaves the tent. At first, he's indignant, wondering where Dean Winchester gets the nerve to talk to him like that, but he's quick to realize that he's Dean Winchester--he doesn’t need to have known him long to know that he'll talk like that to anyone, even Alistair.
“Yeah, yeah, hold your horses!” Dean returns a few seconds later, slightly flushed, with Oliver in his arms.
It doesn’t take long before Cas feels like he’s rambling, but he makes no attempt to stop. Telling Anna everything about Dean—what he likes, dislikes, and everything in between—provides a sense of relief that he didn’t realize he needed, and Cas is transported back to when they were young. Before he had come out to the rest of his family, Cas had confided in Anna, and they’d spent hours in her room comparing notes on boys they thought were cute.
They go back and forth between talking and just focusing on putting one foot in front of the other, letting the cheers and screams soundtrack their run. Aside from a short rest where Dean needed to grab some water and wait for his lightheadedness to pass, their run has been passing with relatively no incidents, and Cas is pleasantly surprised. He hasn’t accidentally run Dean into a tree, or inadvertently caused him to trip himself up in a pothole or anything. The roads have been well taken care of; they’re smooth and flat, not a rogue mailbox or recycling bin in sight.
Then there’s the backdrop coated in gold and silver glitter (Cas is pretty sure some of it flaked off and landed in his hair).
"My pleasure." Dean glances at his door, which is slightly ajar. "Well, I'm guessing that means they're done." He looks back at Cas, and Cas doesn't want to flatter himself, but he thinks Dean's eyes are showing a mix of hope and nervousness—and Cas has never made anyone nervous. "See you later, then?"
, and he wasn’t expecting to feel as...elated as he does now. His gut is warm with an excitement that he hasn’t felt in years, probably since he first got the job at the comic shop, and before he can do anything about it, he feels the corners of his mouth lift up in a grin.
The jolt that goes through Dean is near strong enough to knock him right off the truck. He grips the edge tight to try and ground himself, convince himself that the heat’s getting to him, but the further away they get, the surer he is of what he saw.
Castiel holds his tongue and nods tersely, trying (and probably failing) to keep the pleasant demeanor that had been drilled into his head a year and a half ago during orientation. He glances down at the desk underneath the counter and pages the manager on duty before looking up at the woman and offering her a tight smile. "He'll be with you in a moment."
It’d taken a while, sure—six month, two days later—but he’s fallen hard and fast into the embrace of someone warm and safe, someone who won’t leave. Someone who’s just
Without thinking about it, Cas closes his eyes and takes a few hesitant steps forward, hands groping clumsily for something, anything to tell him where he is, and promptly stubs his toe on something hard. He sucks in air through his teeth as his eyes fly open, and he stares down at one of the legs of the kitchen table.
Holy shit, guys. This is actually a thing that's happening, and it's kind of really hard to believe, but I'm so excited to share it with you! But first, so many thanks are in order!
’s smoking, and that something is too close for comfort for Dean’s liking. Keeping his eyes on the opening of the loft looking out into the night, Dean jostles Sam awake while calling hesitantly for Cas. Sam swats his hand away, and it’s all Dean can do not to smack him right there.
, doesn’t he? And I’m sure he’ll have better control over his players than Coach Sullivan did.” Her face darkens at the mention of Cas’ baseball coach at his old school, and Cas swallows around the lump that’s suddenly formed in his throat.
Cas stares at his bedroom ceiling, mind still racing two hours after his discovery. Dean is the Colt; the Colt is Dean. The mysterious vigilante wanted by at least five surrounding police precincts, who’s responsible for the last ten--
Cas knows he’s not exaggerating. There had been several men in the mansion who could’ve been considered assholes, but Cas knows Dean’s referring to one incident in particular, the one between him and Alastair that he’d alluded to during their first dinner. It’d been the subject of tabloids and
,” Dean answers, waggling his eyebrows behind his glasses. “In the mood for something creepy.” Cas has only been sitting for a few seconds when Dean gets to his feet, prompting Jack to lumber to his, as well.
Lisa takes Dean’s hand and leads them into her and Ben’s house. It’s a small, charming place, warm and welcoming, and they enter the living room, which features a TV playing reruns of
Cas thumbs through his phone to the new pictures as Aiden and his family leave, and he feels the pressure of Dean resting his chin on his shoulder. “How’s it look?” he asks.
Alastair shakes his head. “I’ll calm down when this becomes a fair fight. Everyone’s got something going for them. All the bets are hedged against me, Lisa’s not getting any time to see the
Castiel opens his mouth to respond, but ends up just staring at his sister again. He doesn’t understand why she thinks he’d be a good fit for this thing; he can barely take care of himself half the time, she
Dean’s jerked back to the dinner table when someone snaps their fingers in front of him, and he looks up to see Gabriel leaning forward, one hand splayed on the table to steady himself and the other just an inch or two from Dean’s nose, ready to snap again. He groans and bats the thing away with a glare.
The look Castiel hits him with is pure ice. “I’d appreciate you not talking about my mother that way.”
Dean swallows one more forkful of salad before ambling over to Cas’ side at the fridge. He doesn’t take his cane with him, opting instead to use his hand to guide him; once it touches the fridge, he leans against it, doing his best impression of The Fonz. “Which one?” he asks curiously.
There’s a sudden burst of excited chatter, and Cas cranes his neck to see in front of them. The blue and yellow sign for Athletes’ Village comes into view, and Cas nudges Dean gently.
“Mhmm.” Castiel glances down and watches as Dean’s fingers play with the knotted rope in his hand. “I don’t even remember why running stayed in my head; I hated it when I was younger. But there were a shit-ton of things he kept begging me to try out, and that was the one that stuck--” he shrugs “--and here we are. Well, kinda.”
That had been exactly when Cas had decided he had no reason to trust anything that came out of Dean Winchester’s gorgeous goddamn mouth.
“You’re a player,” he says. “A fake. You’re cocky and self-absorbed and don’t think of anyone but yourself.”
Anna shakes her head and hops down from the desk. “No, Castiel, like a human. People run alongside the blind runners, letting them know if there are obstacles or other runners they need to avoid.”
They’d insisted that Cas would grow out of this infatuation, that he’d find his niche with archers or marksmen or sharpshooters, and worked as hard as they could to discourage his interest in one of the least admirable trades in the Company. They’d been thrilled when, on his 18th birthday, he’d been accepted--after more than a few strings had been pulled, he’s sure--into Station 1237 of the Company, to report to when he turned 21. Located on the outer fringes of the Company’s land, it doesn’t see much action and isn’t the most battle-hardened Station, for sure, but after spending years fearing that their son wouldn’t be accepted into
“Gonna have to be more specific there, Sammy!” he yells. He finally finds the fucking salt shaker, grabs a pinch, and slides in his socked feet over to the pot of boiling water on the stove, tossing it in with a flick of his wrist.
There’s a pause—there’s always a pause—before Dean takes a step to the side and gestures with both hands to the sweet, caring, funny, awkward, goddamn stunning form of his boyfriend—and Jesus Christ does
Cas leans in, squinting at his screen as he reads a list of “25 Incredible Cruise Ship Facts.” The first few are relatively straightforward, but the fourth one down makes him pause.
stranded here,” he mutters, shaking his head before stalking off, leaving Cas to trail a few feet behind him.
“You can see the Charles a little bit behind us, and if you had never seen it before, you wouldn’t know it’s a place where mob bosses toss dead bodies. Or that it’s just generally pretty gross in there. That’s how nice it looks in this picture.”
“Aren’t they great?” Gabriel’s at his side in an instant, drawn to his discomfort like a moth to a flame. Dean clenches his fists at his sides to stop himself from flinching away as Gabriel flings an arm across his shoulders and pulls him close, gesturing to the wall in front of them. “Spent years working to get my collection to this point. My pride and joy,” he says, and damn if he doesn’t sound like a proud parent.
“I’m...happy,” Cas finally says. “I look happy. I usually hate pictures of myself, but I really like this one. A lot. So, yes…” Cas’ voice trails off as he leans forward and gives Dean a quick peck on the lips. “It’s nice.”
Dean purses his lips. “If I tell folks something different than what really happened,” he finally says, taking care to choose each and every word, “it makes it feel less real. Like more of a story. And if I’m lucky, sometimes...sometimes that makes it sting less.”
“I, uh, I’m sorry,” she stammers. “Could we, um, if it’s not too much trouble, could we get a picture with you?”
“‘Course not,” Dean says quietly, running a hand through the locks of hair curling around Cas’ ear before kissing him again. “Could think of a few other contests for us to try our luck in, though.”
The soccer field is about three-quarters full by the time they arrive, so Dean is quick to plop down their blankets and stake them out a place. Cas has always hated the soccer field ever since orientation because of its fake, scratchy plastic grass and the stupid little bits of rubber that always end up in his socks weeks after he thought he’d seen the last of them, so he appreciates it when Dean adds that he made sure none of “those little fuckin’ black bits” have snuck their way onto the blankets.
“Here,” Castiel pulled out his vape from his pocket. Stiles knew neither of them smoked cigarettes, instead rolling joints and packing the pen with weed cartridges, keeping enough on hand that they never seemed to run out during the longer legs of tour. “Take a couple hits, tell us how you feel.”
Dean and Cas joined them shortly after, one of the venue managers trailing behind them with a frown. Apparently making out next to the front door was not good advertising for the show, despite what Dean thought.
Things didn’t get better, but they didn’t get worse. Stiles was still part of the pack group chat and was told about movie nights and pack meetings over the summer, Derek never once deleting his number from the threads when he would message everyone. Stiles always made sure to show up with at least one other pack member, avoiding being left in the room alone with Derek. Derek was apparently doing the same thing, leaving a room if Stiles walked into it and changing his course of direction. When they had to drive out to a warehouse where Boyd had scented some inconsistencies during border patrol, Derek made sure Stiles drove separately.
“And we are not going to get you any, so don’t ask,” Dean grumbled back. Stiles agreed, he wasn’t looking for hard drugs or anything. He just had a lot of experience with pain killers, thanks to too many run-ins with sharp claws.
He grumbled about Derek having better morals than him when he would flop down to sit next to him, glaring when Derek smirked in response but didn’t back down. He knew Derek was turned on,
Stiles wasn’t sure if Derek was actually okay with the sudden addition of phone sex, but he hadn’t complained, or hung up on Stiles, every time he called after getting back from their sets the rest of the time they were in Oregon. By the sounds of things, he was getting off just as much as Stiles from it, anyway.
But then he’d hear some news about the pack through the grapevine, be reminded that Derek had iced him out since the summer, didn’t even bother to go to the going away party him and Lydia threw as the only pack members traveling for school.
“Yes, you do, but it is nice to have a place to return to.” Castiel continued. He had reached around to grab the gel Stiles was using, running his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Yes, as noted by the bitchin’ scars I’ve got.” Stiles nodded, “Packs can have humans in them.” He paused, “Why do you know about all this?” Another breath, “Oh
They didn’t have a chance to say much to each other, Gabriel’s handing coming down and clapping Stiles on the shoulder as he pulled him to the stage. Shortly after his call with Erica, Stiles had hopped off the highway to meet up with Gabriel, picking him up after he found a trainline that got him as close to Beacon Hills as he could go. Whenever they were getting ready for another set months of touring, Gabriel and Stiles usually worked it out for him to ride along with Stiles. It never made sense for them to have three cars, just like how they rarely booked more than one motel room. Their cut from the money each gig brought in may have gotten higher in the last year, but that didn’t mean living on the road was cheap.
Erica rolled her eyes, “No, you’re going to come back to the loft with me, let me recolor your hair because that pink is fading
The flyer had been heavily edited, contrasting the dark venue the photos were shot in and the bright colors of their eclectic group, but Stiles had to admit it was a pretty stellar shot of him. His head was thrown back, lime green hair standing on end, muscles in his neck and shoulders tense. He figured it was a shot from their winter shows in Louisiana. For all the gigs they did up north, Dean and Cas loved taking winter shows in warmer states. Stiles remember it being hotter than hell, and he could see his shirt soaked through in the photo. Stiles looked quickly over the photo Scott had sent, looking to see if the name of the venue was listed, because Dean had this knack for just telling Stiles what town to show up in but never really telling him much beyond that.
Stiles eyed the two warily, but he’d seen them drink and get high on and off over the last three years, so he knew they weren’t fucking with him. He did as Cas told him to, and shrugged. “It’s not like a hit of morphine,” Stiles remarked.
When he headed backstage to grab water, Stiles wasn’t surprised that Erica was absent. She probably needed water as badly as he did, and he knew Derek and the other bartenders were probably rushing to get drinks out before they came back on stage.
“Turns out Jess wants to spend some of the summer visiting family and Sam is going with before he starts his internship at a law firm. Means we’ll need someone to pick up some of the PR slack, keep our gigs booked and properly advertised.” Stiles grinned, leaning forward against the table. “Lucky for us, I’ve been studying communications and marketing for the last two years, and we both know my grades have been fan-freaking-tastic.”
“You coming home anytime soon?” Scott asked, his question cutting through Stiles’ thoughts. He had asked the question at least once every time they talked, almost more than his own dad asked about it. For the first time, though, Stiles was wondering if Scott was asking because they had something to hide, and not because they missed him.
“Are you trying to be a comedian, Derek?” Stiles finally said, laughter dying off and glaring at Derek with renewed passion. “Because that was one sick fucking joke.”
covered by an alcove leading the way back. Stiles drank from the available water bottles in the room, tossing one to Crowley before they both sat on the couch. He could hear the distant sounds of the radio playlist playing now that they were on break. “Thank fuck somebody actually changed the stereo speakers. For a second I thought we were going to get a disco club mix pounding through the walls next.”
Which was why Dean was drinking from his flask with a laugh—Stiles assumed it was whiskey, based on the smell on Dean’s breath when they passed each other cables and set up their equipment on the stage at Jungle. Dean would argue he didn’t drink to get fucked up, but the dude definitely liked being cross faded more often than not.
He took a screenshot of the map and forwarded it to Erica and Lydia over snapchat, adding the caption:
With no time off to hang for more than a couple days in Sam and Jess’s apartment, Derek headed back to Beacon Hills while they played some shows down by Los Angeles. Gabriel was out again, and they had some random players rotate for the next few months. By the time they made it back to Las Vegas, Stiles reminded Dean about the last time they had a gig in town, and not
“Made nice with a local bartender, you know how it goes,” she winked, watching as Crowley moved towards the door she had just walked through.
Dean let out a whistle in response, pulling Cas close in a similar way before they also pushed into the building. Grinning, Stiles shot out a quick message to Erica, sharing his location before following after his friends.
(Stiles knew Dean sometimes carried on the Winchester legacy, too, letting those leads guide him to the mechanic jobs more than the mechanic work led him to the
“Ooh, maybe you will see us tonight.” Erica thought aloud, “Whoever taught you to bake is clearly a miracle worker.”
(Lydia yelled at him over one of their rare video calls when he made this excuse, admonishing him for using her research into the mathematical constraints within the study of time to try and barter his way out of another argument with his dad. She continued yelling, saying if she could put her lab work on hold for a couple weeks a year to visit Beacon Hills, he could pull his big girl panties up and do the same.)
“We’re not asking you for a threesome,” Dean rolled his eyes before shrugging, “Not because that wouldn’t be
A couple minutes went by, and Stiles kept his mind busy by scrolling through some of his saved reddit threads. If he avoided the conversation he had with Derek, then he wouldn’t have to face it. He was leaving at the end of the summer anyway, he could totally keep himself busy for the next two and a half months, it would be a piece of cake.
,” Dean’s voice yelled out as their final song came to a close, howling into the microphone in lieu of any of his usual closing phrases. Stiles laughed loudly, hollering his own howl in response as the crowd mirrored his example.
Crowley jumped onto the stage from the front instead of coming through the back like they had exited. Stiles looked at him over the top of his cymbals from where he sat at his kit. “You find the bartender?”
He at least finally got to have that father’s day beer about a month after he finished his junior year.
“Damn straight, I am.” Stiles grinned. He leaned over, planting a kiss on Derek’s cheek, just as he had with Erica and Boyd and the countless he shared with Dean, Cas and Sam over the years. It was friendly, but he felt Derek inhale quickly when he did it, unlike the others ever had. With a wink, he climbed out of the camaro and into the motel room.
“No, that’s Sam.” Stiles shook his head, digging out his phone and opening up the band’s Instagram. Sam wasn’t in the band, but he’s the reason Stiles got connected with Dean in the first place, and by association with Castiel and then Gabriel. Gabriel wasn’t part of the band’s regular set, but he traveled with them over the summers and tagged along for a couple winter shows. It was well worth it, if only for the food he would make for them when they found themselves using their camping cooking set up or, on the rare occasion, in a rented house with a real kitchen.
While Boyd drove them over, Erica glancing in the back to see what Stiles was doing, he tapped at his phone, glancing through notifications before catching a message from Dean. They were heading out to grab dinner and wanted to know if he’d want any. He quickly typed back:
John sighed, “You could be doing PR marketing for any company, any brand, especially with that Stanford degree behind your name. I thought doing it for the band was only going to count as your internship.”
Scott knocked his shoulder back with a grin, “Same as always. Sometimes we go through the old books, or discuss any changes in the neighboring counties, but it usually turns into a big movie night.” Stiles nodded, wordlessly, leaning against the frame that separated the kitchen from the open living room. His eyes caught site of a bookcase across the room, and he walked over, tapping his fingers against the wood as he read the different titles. Some were new, some old like the ones he and Sam used to have on display, and then there was a row of binders. Stiles recognized the titles, the English translations of the ones he had been sending over the years.
“Oh, yeah, I mean, I’m not.” Stiles scratched the back of his neck nervously. Scott had actually stopped asking about Stiles’ travel plans after they spoke in January, but with spring break coming up he cautiously asked after they were an hour into playing video games together, and Stiles had told Scott without pause, Nope, not for spring break, and probably not during the summer, either.
At least now he knew where Scott’s loyalties lied (and, okay, part of him knew they were with Derek, even though they’d always be close, he still knew how pack dynamics differed from regular relationships, but damn if it didn’t sting that Scott only asked because Derek told him to). Realization hit him just as quickly, because Derek could’ve just asked him on his own, but instead decided it was a task better left to his betas.
Neither of them said anything for a minute, before Stiles changed the subject. “Anyone coming tonight? We got a different bass player this time.”
Stiles was upset that his dad was upset that he missed the holidays, but Scott had told him his mom had the Sheriff over, and even exchanged gifts, so he felt his guilt lessen. But beyond that, he was happy he was able to spend the last couple of weeks with the two guys.
Without comment, Stiles reached over to Cas and pulled his vape out of his back pocket, taking a couple hits before breathing out deeply.
It’s not like Beacon Hills was sheltered or fit the small-town stereotypes, but it was a tight knit community. Everyone knew everyone, knew everyone’s business, and he saw how the town reacted when Erica had one little makeover. You had one look, one identity, and you were stuck with it for life, whether you liked it or not.
“Usually,” Stiles nodded. “I wasn’t sleeping much last summer, and then I realized it helped keep the fidgeting to a minimum since I went off actual meds. I only keep enough around for emergencies but I think I’m going to get my own pen soon, anyway.” He twirled the vape pen in his hand as he spoke before pocketing it again.
“He did ask if I had taken you to get an anti-possession tattoo yet.” Sam looking up from his computer.
“Of course it fucking is,” Stiles sighed, sitting back down, across from Sam. “Did I ask for your help translating last night?”
“Posting on reddit threads about shows is not enough to build an audience,” Jess said pointedly, in a tone that made Stiles think this was a discussion already had in the past.
“You play the drums man? Don’t even worry about having a kit, the gig is in the basement of a local bar and they have some soundstage shit already set up. They store the kit down there when their house band isn’t playing upstairs.” Dean was rambling, “Gabe is cool too. We’re known for being slice and dice and no finesse, it’ll be the best, man. What do ya think?”
Jess tossed the water bottles at his back before making a gagging sound. “I’ll wait in your room!” Her voice called down the hall.
them. She sent a later message letting him know the club had already sent them an email hoping to extend the contract, but she would look over the revisions in the morning.
“Yes, I do.” Derek refuted. Stiles could swear he could feel Derek’s breath ghosting over his own lips from how close they had gotten.
“The one you’re living with?” John asked, trying to place the name to the photos Stiles shoots his way every once in a while. Usually after he yells at him for not keeping him updated, badgering his son to at least let him know what he looked like god forbid he ends up on a wanted poster.
They had made it out of the preserve when Derek started, “Stiles—” Derek paused, waiting to see if Stiles would interrupt him again. Silence met him. “I’m sorry.”
“I know!” Stiles exclaimed. “Can you imagine doing that? Not having to answer to anyone but yourself?”
Stiles laughed, “You seem to have the same issue with your pants.” Crowley offered his water up in mock toast, conceding to the point.
,” Stiles cooed with a short laugh, “Would probably need you to blow me, then, while I got you cleaned up.”
“Do you want the good news or the bad news first?” Stiles asked from where he sat on the couch in Derek’s living room, neck twisted from where he was leaning against Derek to look at his face. Before Derek could answer, he continued, “Honestly, it’s more like, good news and neutral news, but you probably consider it bad news.”
They finished out the show without issue, with Cas and Dean managing to keep themselves from actually flashing the crowd (which was not to say that Crowley and Stiles didn’t get an eyeful, or that they had managed to keep their clothes on). Stiles wondered if Dean remembered the law enforcement in this town when he pushed Cas behind the alcove in the middle of one of their songs, shoving the mic into his own waistband so he could get his hands on the other guy.
Cas had pulled out his own wallet of joints, lighting up the end with the aid of Dean’s zippo again. They shared the first hit, as they normally did, before passing it to Crowley. With a grin, Crowley breathed deep before using his other hand to grip Stiles’ neck, pulling him close so they could shotgun it. Crowley’s laugh rang through the open lot after Stiles bit down on his lip in response to him licking into his mouth. Stiles took the lit joint from his hands, taking a second hit of his own before passing back to Castiel. Crowley showed little remorse in his actions, walking past Stiles to head into the building, but not before slapping him on the ass as he made his way in.
Stiles grinned back, “I’m glad you get it. Dad’s been around a couple times but just thinks it’s noise.”
“That’d be awesome,” Stiles nodded. He knew while Sam was getting focusing in on law, Jess was starting some other gigs of her own that would actually pay. After the first year, all the guys had agreed Jess should cut herself a percent from what they made, but she had always waved them off, saying it was giving her experience. She really did start to make a name for herself, though, and was getting calls to help other groups looking to hire her to set them up just like she had for the
Sam tried not to laugh at Stiles’ reaction to the package, his own curiosity growing when they noticed a note was in the package this time.
Derek nodded, pulling his keys out of his pocket as they walked towards his camaro. Stiles knew better than to question a guy and his connection to his car, months on the road with Dean had at least taught him that much, but he was surprisingly happy to see that Derek had kept the car, even after upgrading to an SUV back during high school. He thought back to some of the soccer mom jokes he had ribbed Derek with, grinning at the memory.
He didn’t get more tattoos, or start stretching the lobes, until college, though. He had seen Dean’s black plugs the first time Sam introduced them, when Dean and Cas came through California during winter break, and asked the guy how he did that. Dean dragged him to a local piercing shop and he left happily embarking on a new journey of body modification.
To no one’s surprised, Erica wasn’t going to let him get all the fun, bringing herself onto the stage after surfing through the crowd. Unlike Greenberg, she happily let Dean pull her towards the center stage, mirroring his lewd dance movement with her own imitations. She pumped her fists in the air, two hands folded into horns before turning around and jumping back off the stage, back towards the crowd and trusting them to catch her. She winked at Stiles before launching herself back into the pit.
Stiles’ eyes flicked from Derek’s mouth back up to his eyes, tilting his head forward, closer. He licked his lips happily when he watched Derek mirror his movement.
Stiles had sent the document to Lydia for peer review, per usual, and when they forwarded it to Scott and Derek he got a one-word response from Derek. The first thing the guy had said to him in almost a year and a half:
Stiles grinned at his reflection in the small, dark bathroom, tucked away under the stairs that led to the cramped space they would be playing in. Since moving to school, he had stopped cutting his hair, and while it was in a weird porcupine phase currently, the gel Castiel had given him made it look intentional for once. The gel dried with a colorful tint, making the tips of his hair glisten green under the harsh light. Stiles turned his head, eyeing the color. He wondered what he’d look like if his hair was actually green.
Halfway into the drive, Stiles caught sight of his phone buzzing from where it sat nestled into his cupholder. He swiped his thumb over the screen quickly, tapping speaker. The audio crackled through his cassette hook up and he had to yell to make sure he was heard while driving. “Yeah?” He called out, having not checked to see who it was.
Cas had sent him a message, letting him know they were wrapping up and planning on leaving within the next hour. Not wanting to roll into Beacon Hills on his own, Stiles nudged Crowley awake to let him know he’d be hitting the road soon. Crowley slapped his ass when he walked out, wishing him luck before lazily rolling back over to catch a couple more hours of sleep.
. He didn’t want to hide things from him, but according to Scott he was worried if he brought it up too much, Stiles would stop answering.
Castiel showed him how to smudge eyeliner on before lining his own eyes. He turned and did it to Dean, too. Stiles had shrugged – he never thought to try make up before, but if it was the band’s look, he figured why not.
“No, but I know Crowley.” Castiel leaned over. “And he was either trying to fuck you, or help get you fucked.” Stiles rolled his eyes. It was a lucky guess. The first time he’d played a show with Crowley, he was so amped up by how seamlessly they jammed together that he practically jumped over his kit in his haste to get to the guy. Dean had laughed, asking if they were trying to steal his and Cas’ look. Stiles hadn’t cared, happily falling onto the seedy couch behind one of the sound systems at the bar they were in. The more gigs they played together the more Stiles figured out he liked messing around with Crowley almost as much as liked messing around with the guys Crowley found for him. It was never serious, fueled by the fun of the road, and that’s what he liked most about it. He had never questioned Crowley about it, or gotten jealous about his attempts to (and succeed at) picking up people, until he made the comment towards Derek.
“Good morning, Stiles,” Lydia’s voice interrupted his momentary panic. She sat beside him at the kitchen island. “Have fun?”
Stiles swore the rejection hurt more than the phantom claws he felt ripping his skin open anytime he moved too quickly.
Erica, apparently still running the high from the show and whatever Derek had probably given her to drink, was all too happy to oblige, but paused when she caught the look on Derek’s face.
The spring semester was starting, and Sam and Stiles got the book translated by spring break. Stiles sent the file off to Lydia, letting her know to do whatever the hell she wanted with it when she traveled back to Beacon Hills.
They ended in the familiar rhythm of the song, with Stiles hitting his kick drum with three sharp beats, as Dean bit into Castiel’s mouth, a sharp tug at Cas’s hair as they moved with more tongue and spit than any regular kiss. Cas tugged at Dean’s tongue, his stud clicking against his teeth as he pulled. They held their foreheads together, bent towards each other as Castiel let the final chord ring out.
Lydia walked down the steps from her porch to join them at the firepit with a pitcher and several cups stacked. “And for us who do not require aconite poisoning, we get margaritas.”
“Not really,” Stiles muttered, turned to blow a puff of air directly towards Derek. He grinned, “What about you, Sheriff know you’re slipping things into the townsfolk’s drinks?”
“Glad to see I was able to help your library,” Stiles muttered, looking back at Derek from where he still stood back in the hallway. Derek nodded, moving into the room, but not as close to Stiles as he first had.
Erica glared back, eyes narrowed just as harshly, “You asshole, of course I missed you. Streaming movies together over a video call is not the same as getting to actually sit together and do all of this.” She looked around the room. “Can you get over yourself for all of five minutes to see that we all want you there tonight?”
“Yeah, and I probably would’ve been, if I hadn’t been interrupted.” Stiles frowned, leaning back so his palms laid flat on the table top.
Turns out, the club was ready to pre-pay 100% of their fee to extend the contract by an additional eight shows. Their first show was on a Tuesday, usually the club’s slowest night of the week, and the owner wanted them back for Wednesday and Thursday before coming back to play Sunday, Tuesday and Wednesday for the following two weeks. Jess negotiated a higher fee, noting that the owner saying their sales from the first show more than demonstrated their worth. She was getting in contact with some of the venues they routinely played up in Portland, planning to add weekend gigs to balance the days off. They’d be traveling back and forth, while still getting to spend a couple days in each town before going back.
Stiles skipped out on the first couple of gigs in June so he’d be around for his dad’s visit, meeting up with the guys in southern California before heading out west again. Crowley played with them in May and the first week of June, with the shows predominantly in Washington and Portland. Gabriel worked it out to spend the rest of the summer playing with them, so he and Stiles drove in the jeep while Dean and Cas took the chevy. Gabriel gave him an odd look the first time Stiles pulled out his texts and started translating when his round of driving was over, but Stiles wasn’t having it. “Dude, you and Cas can read and understand
And the glare returned – it wasn’t even a question, more of a statement, devoid of any real emotion. Cold. Stiles could agree he probably deserved it, but, seriously? That was the best the guy could do?
Late into Saturday night, Derek had (finally) sent Stiles a photo back when they ended the call, and it took everything in him not to try and screenshot and save the picture of Derek’s chest, the white strips of come drying on his lower half. Stiles quickly took a forward facing photo, his hand tugging at his hair, biting his lip, his face honestly frozen after seeing what Derek had sent him.
“What the hell, Erica?” Stiles hollered, stepping back onto the stage. He was hoping it was just Erica and Lydia at the bar, early for the show. He hadn’t questioned how they got in early, but now figured it was because of Derek that they were all able to get tickets on such short notice.
“Get out, Stiles.” The tone in Derek’s voice, the look he was giving Stiles, had barely changed during Stiles speech. And fuck, it was a speech, wasn’t it? Who was he, some Elizabethan protagonist speaking to the sun and the stars about their twisted love fate?
“You grab one arm, I’m going to grab the other.” Sam directed, pulling Stiles up with Jess’s help. They half-dragged him over to a toilet stall.
Stiles rolled his eyes, “Hell no, this is like a den of inequity, we are here to be the trouble.” He hollered in response, forcing her to laugh and shout with him. His eyes scanned the room before finding an area where people were circled around a table, figuring it to be a makeshift bar. “You got any of the goods from Derek?”
“They do that to everyone,” he commented, glancing towards Erica and Lydia. “Whenever Lydia’s back in town, they start ganging up on everyone else.”
The two talked more from on top of the stage in between Isaac’s test shots and review, confirming positioning preferences from Stiles before they hopped back down to the bar.
So, it was much better for them to advertise their front men and their sound, and not the actual members. Which meant anyone close to Stiles didn’t try to go to a show, unless Stiles told them about it first.
He really should’ve gotten Dean to upgrade the jeep to a better media hook up. His CD player barely worked, instead electing to use a cassette with an aux cord attached
“We really gotta stop meeting like this,” Stiles grumbled, frowning at the smirk Derek sent his way as he heard the comment. He walked over, leaning against the table edge instead of climbing on top like Castiel and Stiles had.
Derek didn’t answer at first, pulling on Stiles’ wrist so they backed out of the middle of the room and closer to the edge of the room, the walls of the warehouse close behind him when he let go.
“This is a bribe,” Stiles’ words were muffled around his burger, waving the food in the air to point at his dad with the half-eaten sandwich.
Crowley told them he’d stick around for the first week of shows but had other gigs lined up in Seattle and would be splitting after their first weekend in Portland wrapped. Cas confirmed Gabriel was finishing up some work nearby and could make it in time for the following Sunday and the remainder of the scheduled shows.
was before pocketing the phone. They both looked at each other as the sound of the phone buzzing, vibrating in his pocket happened immediately after he shoved it away.
Stiles replaced his glare with a harsh smile, “Derek, always a pleasure.” Thankfully, Stiles heard the beep of the cruiser unlocking as John exited the diner. John and Derek nodded at each other while Stiles threw himself into the car. He glared at the side mirror, watching Derek grow smaller in reflection as they pulled away.
“Almost done,” Stiles looking up after zipping the bag closed. “Figured I don’t need much the first month anyway.”
“We’re not talking about the Winchesters, Stiles.” John remarked. “How their father wanted them to live has nothing to do with us.”
,” Scott cut him off. Stiles watched Scott carefully, taking another drag slowly. As Allison and Lydia watched the two, he offered the lit joint to either of them. At Allison’s decline, Lydia rolled her eyes before taking it from Stiles.
“Have I told you lately that I love you,” Dean crooned, grabbing both sides of Jess’s face to plan a kiss on her forehead.
“Well maybe you guys should, there’s nothing wrong with showing you actually give a damn about each other every now and then.” Stiles turned around, pulling out his metal wallet again. Two emergencies, in one night. He was pausing to calculate his mind how much he had ingested so far that night, but knew most of it was sweated out during the show. Just as he was taking the first hit, Allison was calling him over to where she stood with Lydia and Scott.
Jess and Sam walked in just as they caught Stiles falling back on the couch, nearly crying as the sound of his laughter filled their temporary home.
Stiles sighed, “I have an hour, tops, before I need to head to the motel. My gear’s still in the jeep and I haven’t done my hair yet.”
“No, you let it die.” Stiles rolled his eyes. “You haven’t spoken to me since Wednesday. Or, Thursday? Whatever fucking day it was.” There was a pause, but Stiles continued, “Besides, you guys sent
After leaving Louisiana, Gabe stayed with the band while they hit a couple more towns on their way back west. They had a couple gigs along the northern border of Texas before stopping at familiar towns in both New Mexico and Arizona. They played those shows back to back, barely leaving enough time to sleep and drive from one state to the next. By the time they had made it back to Palo Alto, they had one weekend left before the semester started. The bar where Stiles had played his first show back during freshman year routinely had them back to play the basement, but this summer Jess got them booked for the upstairs. Stiles figured it was a big deal, and he was pumped to get to go back, but he wasn’t sure everyone was on the same page.
She rolled his eyes at his comment, but nodded anyway, “Glad you remembered.” She stood up, pulling a platter leftover from the party from the fridge to snack on, putting it down between them on the island counter.
He caught sight of Crowley, dragging his hands through his own hair while walking away from a guy much more flustered looking than himself. He reached out, grabbing Crowley by the back of his neck before pulling him close. Stiles turned, head tilted towards Derek before he called back, “
Stiles sighed, “You know, for a guy acting so concerned this week, you really didn’t seem to care when you kept shipping those books out. Pretty sure you were the one who complained when it took a little extra time to get back to you.” He looked pointedly at Derek.
They were driving back to the same motel from before, with Gabriel agreeing to bunk with Stiles like they had dozens of times during past trips. Stiles was sure Gabe would end up spending just as many nights out of their room as he did in it, as he was often known to.
, but,” Stiles looked at Derek, “Crowley’s playing the gigs with us this month. Gabriel’s not able to come out until June.”
Derek didn’t have an answer to that, apparently, and turned to look around the living room, eyes pausing at the wide entrance separating them from the kitchen. They both knew the others hadn’t walked out of the kitchen yet, either because they actually wanted to give them privacy, or because they were too busy being nosey little sneaks.
Before Dean had gone through the rift, Rowena had walked him through the spellwork he would need to do. It required two actions to be performed, and then the incantation. “An offering,” Rowena had said, “and an act of atonement. After that, recite the incantation to seal the spell.”
He’s at a loss for words, so Cas does what he does, and gives him the help he needs by giving him his own words.
“Just go on and do it. I know you want to,” Dean had said, tilting his head up, bearing his neck to Benny again in submission. “And don’t tell me you haven’t been thinking about it.”
“Stay with me here, please,” Dean whispers, wiping the back of his hand across his eyes to catch the tears that have started falling. “I want you to stay here. Please stay.”
The spinning in his head is much less cinematic that any movie scene and he would never make that comparison anyway. Watching chick flicks is one thing – comparing his life to one would be too far.
– voice: Telling him not to trust others. Telling him to be a man. Telling him in words and actions that whatever he does, he’ll never be enough.
The biggest change is that he hunts less. He doesn’t know how to not hunt – not completely. But the drive isn’t there in the same way it was in the past.
He knows they spoke to Jack inside, knows it because of the painful pinch he recalls at the sight of Jack’s face. Every time he looks at the kid, he sees Cas on the ground.
The Empty isn’t nothingness. It’s everything: every regret, every mistake, every single moment of despair. The Shadow taunts Cas ceaselessly with them, a litany of desolation and shame.
The bruise on his brother’s left cheek was an ugly, mottled purple. Dean had put that there without a thought. No - with one thought making its way through his still-drunken mind: I can’t think about losing him or I’ll give up. But he couldn’t say that, so he’d thrown the punch instead.
Dean had stormed out of the room then, slamming the door to room. He had put on his headphones and pressed play, his favorite tape already in his cassette player, as it had been every night since he lost Cas. He had fallen asleep sitting up in bed, trails from angry tears staining his cheeks.
The second time they had gone to Purgatory, Dean had dropped to his knees, choking on his words, “I hope you can hear me, man.”
