“No more women, no more dates” The doctor stated firmly. “Just you and me. If that’s alright with you”
When the Holmes brothers returned to their campground, they were greeted with a peaceful scene. John was dozing in their hammock, while Greg sat against one of the tree trunks, nose buried deep in what looked suspiciously like a sappy romance novel.
“How’s my favourite bug?” he cooed, which caused Rosie to laugh delighted about her uncle’s warm greeting.
“What are the orders, captain? Shall we go hunt for treasures in the sand, or tackle the wild fish some more?”
The younger man stopped pulling due to John’s protests but didn’t let go of his sleeve. He gave John
Roughly two hours later, John was pleasantly tipsy and laughed heartily at some story Greg told him about his ridiculous ex-wife. Just as he was about to order another round, his phone buzzed for the 20
If someone had told him a few years ago, that he would consider the snarky detective and the stubborn doctor his family, he would have flipped them off. But here they were; John and Sherlock were a thing now (not married but the closest they would ever get to it), Rosie was officially their daughter, and he and Mycroft started dating a few months back and were the proudest pair of uncles.
A gentle noise that sounded distinctive like a breathy moan pulled John out of his inner monologue. Something warm pulled in his lower abdomen, when he took in the state Sherlock was in. He had inched closer, his back was arched deliciously, and his dark curls tousled. He already looked sinfully debauched, although John had barely touched him.
Two hours later, Sherlock successfully put his mask of cold indifference back on. Lestrade had given him some cold case files to entertain himself with, while he finished some long overdue paperwork. Lestrade actually planned on giving these files Sherlock as a birthday present, but he guessed now was an adequate time for them. Anything to make this big brain focus its attention on something else than panicking. Of course, technically it wasn’t his division to pay the consulting detective company, but… he was fond of the eccentric genius. And tonight, was the closest resemblance to a danger night they’ve had since John had entered the picture. And if there was one thing that Gregory Lestrade would not allow was a possible drug relapse because these two didn’t resolve their troubles. Lestrade was pretty sure Sherlock saw through his little façade, but seemed to appreciate the effort. Or at least the detective told himself that, while Sherlock quietly flipped the pages of his third file.
Sherlock, obviously misinterpreting the silence, huffed annoyed: “Fine, don’t speak to me, then. I’m trying to be helpful, for the first time in my life, and I’m trying to make up for the sorrow I’ve caused you, but I guess my attempts are not very welcome.”
John was dumbstruck to say the least.  Never, never in her short lifetime had she refused a gentle pad on the head. While he stared at the corkscrew curls on the back of his daughter’s head, anxiety gripped him. It seeped like a cold rush of water in his insides, until it found his heart and
to care about at the moment, for the third time this week (and it was only Thursday!). 2.) A call from Rosie’s kindergarten teacher, informing him that his daughter was unusually cranky and wished to be picked up. 3.) Still no fucking Sherlock around.
." Sherlock squirmed, attempting to get away from the contact. She pulled back and looked John in the eye. "You know, while he's here, you can do whatever you want to him," she commented. Zoey kept her grip on his hair as she used the blade to pop off the top button on Sherlock's shirt. The detective squeezed his eyes shut.
The cab ride to the restaurant wasn't bad, well, it wasn't till the cab driver decided to ask, "Date night?" John couldn't really blame him for assuming that. Two men were dressed up and on their way to a snazzy restaurant on a Sunday night.
mould! - when Sherlock received a text from Mrs. Montenegro. She had stated that she wanted to go out for dinner but didn't feel safe unless Sherlock was there.
The thought of Sherlock in his lap came back to him. What if it had gone differently? What if John was able to kiss Sherlock's plush lips? What if he was allowed to grab the man's hips and pull him closer? Be able to feel the sigh on his mouth as they began to slowly rut against each other. John's eyes closed before he unconsciously ran his right hand through his wet hair as he gave out a small groan. Before he could think better about it, he wrapped his left hand around his swelling cock. His head fell forward when he moved his other hand to tease his right nipple.
John began humming as he spooned the complete batter into the pan. You're supposed to place some kind of oil or bacon grease into the pan before the batter, but Sherlock would refuse to eat it if it wasn't dry grilled. While the Johnny cake was cooking, John realized he needed syrup, causing him to grab it from the fridge and place it on the table so it could become room temperature. He walked back to the stove and lifted a corner of the cake to make sure it was the right colour. It looked almost burnt, which was actually what he was looking for.
"No, you are only bothered when we talk about Mrs. Montenegro, not-" then Sherlock made that sound that he only does when he's cracked a case. John froze as he filled the kettle. "Oh, you're
. He had no idea what was going on. Sherlock never showed sexual interest in anyone so why now? John's fist tightened as Sherlock bit his lip teasingly. The two stared in silence until John cleared his throat rather loudly.
"Bed. Now," he ordered. Sherlock hurried to comply. John followed after him, watching as Sherlock dropped trou on his way to the bedroom. He couldn't stop looking at the perfect arse under those tight black pants. Once they got to the bedroom, John pushed Sherlock onto the bed and climbed over him. Sparks flew when they kissed. They had been together a while, but that didn't stop the fireworks from going off constantly. The younger man moaned loudly, prompting the older man to slip his tongue into the other's mouth. They began to slowly grind their hips together. John pulled back slowly.
His hand moved to cup Sherlock's cheek and used his thumb to stroke his cheekbone, "Here?" Sherlock blushed and nodded. John ran a single finger across Sherlock's jawline, "Here?" Sherlock swallowed and nodded. The doctor moved his hand to rest it on the younger man's right shoulder, his thumb softly caressing the pale white skin of Sherlock's throat. John kept his eyes on the pale column of flesh before repeating the question. Sherlock tilted his head to the side and made a small noise. John stared at the skin for a few moments longer. "Last time," John started, his hand moving to run down Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock moved to stand, sadly leaving his spot from the warm cocoon from John's arms, "It's from the Victorian era, John. With the gem intact, it will cost up to twelve thousand pounds. Not to mention that there are a group of robbers stealing precious items."
Once they arrived back at the flat, something clicked with John, "Sherlock," he started as the man in question removed his coat and scarf, "do you happen to know what Zoey actually
The detective glared at him, "She came here for a reason. She is targeting us. Her partner will come because they need to keep the façade up." John threw his hands in the air and got up to make tea.
A smile stretched across Sherlock's face and he put on his gloves and scarf, "Of course!" John stood, snatched his coat from the hook, and followed his gorgeous man out to the street to get a cab. John sat back as Sherlock told the driver the address.
All the while, the little show in his mind didn't stop. The Sherlock in his head was moaning in his ear. John imagined the hands on him was Sherlock's. One of Sherlock's hands roaming around his chest while the other stroked his hard dick. He bit his lips to keep his moans from being too loud. His hand sped up as his mind changed directions. His Sherlock was no longer stroking him but was sinking down onto his lap. John imagined the tight warmth he would be in and slammed his right hand against the shower wall to brace himself.
Mummy and Daddy exchanged looks. His father nodded, then they parted ways. Sherlock made his way to the wheel, listening to the other kids scream on the roller coaster above him. Now, did he want to go on the swinging or the stationary ones? He decided that if he went on the stationary, he could think better and not have to worry about being thrown around.
"Good," Sherlock joked and opened the contacts. His thumbs ran across the screen as he added his number. John smiled more as Sherlock raised his phone to take a selfie for the contact photo. He opened up a new text conversation, "Now to get your number," Sherlock said then pulled John close to him, kissing his cheek and snapping a picture. When he pulled back, he looked at the photo. John was in the middle of laughing and had his eyes closed. Sherlock's nose was squished against John's right cheek as he placed a small kiss close to the corner of his smiling mouth.
I personally grew up eating Johnny cakes, and though I can't find the actual recipe, I used a different one as a reference. Here it is if you wanna try it!
"Oh, Sherlock," he breathed, making his hand speed up to match the pace of his mind Sherlock's bouncing. John's breathing came out in pants before he went back to gnawing on his bottom lip. The pain grounded him for a moment. He ran his thumb over the tip of his cock, making him whimper. Placing his forehead against the wall he brought his right hand down to fondle his balls. "Oh god," he whispered.
"I know that, John," Sherlock responded. They stared at each other for a moment. So many things have happened since yesterday. It was hard to wrap one's head around it. Sherlock took a deep breath before he continued. "I think we need to make somethings clear. For one, I won't change. I don't want you to think that I will stop doing experiments just because-"
John didn't pay attention to a word he said. He was surrounded by Sherlock's scent as was watching the man he loved close his eyes in relaxation. The older man set the other bottle next to the first then lifted his hands to meet his lover's, continuing the massage. Sherlock dropped his own and leaned into the touch. "You're gorgeous, love," John whispered. Blueish green eyes looked into his blue ones. John felt his heart skip. They began to close the gap between them, pleasure started to stir low in their bellies. Lips brushed against one another.
"I can bloody well see that!" Jade countered. She left the room to go to the back of the flat and then quickly returned, bracelet in hand. She gently placed it in Sherlock's left hand. Before Sherlock could pull away, she began to speak. "Please, take it back to the owner. Tell them that we are both so sorry. And please, please, please, ask them to not press charges. Alina may be a bit dull at times, but I can't live without her. I need my little sugar skull," she pleaded.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, "Obviously," then his hips against John's. John closed his eyes and gripped Sherlock harder. The brunet cupped the older man's cheek and leaned down the kiss his neck. "It's just that, I think it would interesting. You were my first sexual encounter, so I have no other basis for what my turn-ons are," he spoke between nibbles. John gave out a light hum and leaned his head back.
"No, no, what I mean is I've never had a kiss that wasn't for a case. It was always to get information, never recreational."
Once Sherlock started to become oversensitive, John let his cock slide out from his mouth. He closed the knife and put it on the nightstand before sitting back and looking at the man before him. Sherlock was panting as if he had just run a marathon, his skin was a pretty shade of pink, and little pearls of blood were appearing on his belly. John quickly leaned down and licked them clean, Sherlock hissing in response. John sat back once more, "Sorry, sorry, it's just - fuck," he commented before taking his cock from his jeans. He gave it three, four, five quick pulls before ejaculating on Sherlock's spread thighs. "Oh, that's
He kissed along Sherlock's spine as he moved his finger in and out then added another. Sherlock bit the pillow to keep from being too loud. "No, love, none of that. I want to hear you. I want the town to hear you," John told him and pressed against his prostate. A loud yelp escaped from the detective and his cock twitched.
"No need to be embarrassed, John. It helped me realize something," Sherlock assured. John was eager - albeit scared - to hear what this
"This is a styler, it helps with curl definition and frizz," Sherlock explained as he pressed the nozzle. A white mousse came out and expanded in the palm of his hand. He sent the canister down and rubbed his hands together. He leaned forward until his hair stood on end. He smoothed his hands over sections then scrunched the rest of the product in. John moved down to watch as his boyfriend finessed his hair. "Can you hand me that jar in the box please, John?" he asked, still upside down.
Sherlock gained a bit of composure before saying, "Yes. I'm just a little hot." He lifted his hands delicately and unbuttoned his suit jacket, tossing it onto the sofa. The detective then decided to unbutton his shirt, saying "Did you happen to turn up the heat…
Caught off guard by the hope in the soldier's voice, Sherlock wasn't prepared for the lurch forward. He didn't have time to stop himself from falling from his seat. He closed his eyes and prepared to hit the wall. When he opened his eyes, he realized that John had caught him. John's face was a foot away from his, his hands were on his hips, and Sherlock's hands were braced above John's head. Both teens turned incredibly red. The cart swung again, and John reflexively pulled him in to keep him from falling backwards. Sherlock looked at John again. This time, instead of Sherlock standing above John, he was now sitting on his lap.
Curly hair is as much of a curse as a blessing. It takes a lot of products to keep it manageable. In a place like London where rain is very common, you need a lot of styler or gel. Sherlock used the more expensive products to keep his curls soft and pliable. Rain plus curls equal frizz which also equals a certain Sherlock hiding in his room until he can get someone from his network to pick up the necessary items.
Sherlock gave a sigh and a small smile, "Fine." He climbed off his boyfriend and out of their shared bed. He was only wearing boxers, so John just stared at him, his left arm behind his head as he smirked. The detective put his hands on his hips, "Come on, the first step is a shower." He turned, swaying his hips a bit more than usual, and walked into the bathroom. Then John heard the sound of the boxers falling to the floor. He got up quickly after that.
John had to come up with a plan quick. "Alright," he whispered. They held eye contact as he released the magazine into his right hand. He kneeled down and placed it on the floor. He then uncocked the gun, letting the bullet clink against the ground. He hesitantly placed the gun down before standing again, raising his hands up above his head. Zoey looked pleased. John cast a glace at Sherlock. God, did that sight hurt him.
"Fine! She, she was planning on doing what she normally does on cases like these," the scared man started, getting Sherlock to back up a step, "A man with, um, good money, or high social status. She," Jack winced, "
John walked over from the kitchen with two fresh cups of tea and placed one next to the computer as he sipped on his own. "What makes you think he'll talk to us? From the looks of it, she has him by the balls. He would be scared of us but he's probably petrified of her," John reasoned.
- he made his way into the sitting room to find Sherlock sitting at his desk. He looked as prim and proper as always.
they couldn't keep their hands off each other. And, yes, John knew about Sherlock's military kink. He didn't mind. In fact, John adored how he can make Sherlock crumble with a simple sentence in the right tone. The thing was, Sherlock was mostly submissive when it came to sex. His brain would shut off and John would take control. Afterwards, Sherlock would slowly come back online before passing out.
"So, she's an evil sugar mama?" John clarified. Sherlock lifted his head to look at the doctor, who was still standing at the door. "You don't know wha - alright, a sugar mama or daddy is a person who pays for everything and buys their girlfriend or boyfriend, or sugar babies, expensive gifts, like cars, jewelry, and things like that." Sherlock raised an eyebrow. John waved his hand as he walked to the kitchen, "There were all sorts in the army."
"I'm sleeping in tomorrow. Don't try to wake me in the morning unless you have coffee and or breakfast made," John spoke as he shifted, attempting to get comfortable.
"Ugh, why did we even have to get on this ride? We could have waited outside," complained Sherlock as he ran his hand through his hair.
There was a lot of reluctance to get up after John realized the time. They had about thirty minutes to get to NSY and both of them still had to get ready. Sherlock stood and walked to the bathroom to shower, his sheet dragging behind him from where it was wrapped around his slender torso. John cut up the last remnants of their breakfast to save for later. He lifted his own plate and began to scoop the pieces of Johnny cakes into a reusable container. John found an empty spot in the fridge next to a jar of - what he could only assume was - pickled eyeballs. He had just finished washing the dishes when Sherlock opened the bathroom door.
After a slightly awkward cab and lift ride, the pair finally made it to Lestrade's office to give their statements. "Oh, great, you're both here! Take a seat, I have to go talk to someone quickly then I'll be right back," the inspector said before jogging out of the room. Once the door was shut, the boys took their seats and waited for the man to return. Then, at the same time, they both decided to break the silence.
Two days had passed without incident - if one doesn't count Sherlock and John fighting about which shelf in the fridge is for experiments and which is for
Sherlock smirked and sent the photo to himself. He passed the phone back to John, "There you go, now you have my number. Just in case you know of anything else you think I should.. ride."
John nodded and leaned back down. He gently wrapped his lips around the head of Sherlock's cock. Sherlock groaned as he fell back on the bed but he couldn’t stop his hips from thrusting up into that sweet mouth. John looked up at him and dipped the knife, breaking the skin. A sharp ah! radiated through the room but was immediately followed by a moan. Sherlock willed himself to stay still but another part of him wanted to shake, wanted to thrust harder, wanted to be covered in little marks so he could look down and remember this moment as they healed. "Oh,
"Brilliant." The boy whispered. Sherlock blushed again and looked out the window. He watched the water get farther away. "I'm sorry, I never got your name."
John's heart broke. Sherlock took another breath before continuing, "I - I had never experienced that. And, when you put the gun down I was worried that-"
Sherlock whimpered as John trailed his lips down his body. The army doctor ran his hands up and down his lover's torso gently. He licked Sherlock's hard left nipple before sucking it into his mouth while he teased the neglected one with his hand. Sherlock bucked up as he reached back to pull at his hair. After dedicating a few more moments to Sherlock's sensitive nipples, John continued his trek south until he reached the other man's pants. He gently pulled them off and threw them across the room in the general direction of the hamper.
Sherlock just blinked. His face gave no indication he was scared, but his eyes were filled with fear and his right hand was shaking in John's. "Just tell me," he pleaded.
There was an abandoned store two blocks down. His phone confirmed his theory, placing the blip in the building.
"Be careful," John said then walked in. He sat at the bar and ordered a whiskey. It was going to be a long night. A few minutes passed, and Sherlock hadn't come in.
A smirk made its way onto John's mouth. He lifted his left pointer finger and placed it on Sherlock's forehead, "Here?"
Sherlock pulled part of the sheet over his head as the door opened. "Sherlock?" John asked, "Why are you hiding under your sheet?"
He undressed as Sherlock started the water. "Curls come with rules," the brunet explained as he checked the temperature, "rule one, can't use hot water. Warm, yes, but not hot." John hummed as he came up behind the other man, kissing his neck. "Another," Sherlock whispered as he leaned his head back, "is no shampoo."
She had obviously dressed up the occasion. Her red hair was slightly curled and she was wearing a form-fitting little black dress with her leather jacket on over. A small wolf whistle came from the back of the bar. She calmly walked over to Sherlock and took the seat next time, her back to John. Sherlock smiled at her like she was an old friend making John take a large swig from his drink. The bartender took her order, made her drink, then left the two alone. She gently sipped at, what seemed to be, a dirty martini.
Sherlock looked into the boy's blue eyes. He would rather look at them than the water, "The name's Sherlock Holmes."
"Your cock. Fuck me from behind. God, I don't even want to walk tomorrow," He whimpered in response. He could feel the smirk against his throat. Then, he felt the bed shift as John stood and walked to their suitcases. Sherlock didn't even get to pout before John was already pulling off his jumper and vest then returning with a small thing of lube. He set it next to the man on the single queen bed then pulled off the rest of their clothes. Scrambling to help, the young man tugged his shirt off his shoulders and tossed it across the room. Once both were finally naked, John told the other to flip over. Sherlock obeyed immediately.
It's not uncommon for Sherlock and John to get gifts after solving a case. Tie pins, watches, books, sometimes food, all kinds of things. That being said, it wasn't a surprise when they had gotten a gift from a teenager after helping him find the boy who had abused his twin sister. It was a sad case, the girl had only just turned eighteen and was in a terrible relationship with a boy a year older named Tyler, or what the client called him, Shit Stain.
John gave a small laugh. "Ok, then. Does this experiment still allow me to give you a kiss?" he asked hopefully. Unable to contain himself, he gave a small nod.
"Always wanted to do that," He admitted. John pulled back and looked Sherlock in the eye. They both giggled.
John just smiled fondly and said, "We did have some downtime in the army, love." Sherlock nodded and swallowed again. "Sherlock, are you alright?" John asked.
"A vague one, yes," Sherlock stated and he struck the keys of his laptop quickly, "she has informed me that she wants to go to a seafood restaurant called
John soon returned to the sitting room and placed a cup next to Sherlock's computer then sat down in his chair to drink his own. "Do you have a plan yet?"
A man close to John's age had opened the door and immediately began saying, "Oh! You must be Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson! Well, of course you are, I've seen your pictures in the paper. My name is Aaron Hall. Oh! My apologies, come in!" Sherlock and John exchanged a look before heading inside. The house was just as immaculate inside as it was outside. The walls were white but had framed paintings of swirling blues. "Can I get you anything? Water? Tea?" Aaron asked as he lead them to the sitting room.
"Lestrade needs us at NSY at 10," He spoke before shoving the food into his mouth. Sherlock, who had been nibbling on a small stack of the squares, stopped. He placed his fork back on the plate and closed his eyes. "Sherlock," John started, "what's wrong? Why are you being so silent? I mean, I know there are times where you don't talk but-"
Jack's eyes widened as he looked to the shorter man like he had forgotten he was there. "Uh, maybe six or seven men over the past two years or so?"
. And by the look of them, John didn't know if they would fit. "Well," he whispered to himself, "let's give it a go."
Sherlock began to blush and went to retreat back into John's neck. John simply put a hand to his chest. "Stop," Sherlock whined, dragging out the o. John laughed at the sight before him. How someone could be so angelic yet so childish was beyond him. "Why are you looking at me like that?" the angel asked.
"Love, why can't I see you? What's wrong?" the doctor questioned. Again, Sherlock couldn't answer. "Ok, I'm going to uncover your face, alright?" Sherlock simply nodded. John lifted the veil off his boyfriend. Dark brown frizz and unmanaged curls came into view. Sherlock kept his head down. "Aw, Sherlock."
Sherlock tilted his head, "I think I have an idea," he spoke as he leaned forward and brushed their noses together, "If you're amenable."
Sherlock, who was still his bedclothes and blue dressing gown from when they finished a case two days ago, was sitting in his chair. He seemed to be reading something intently on John's laptop. Seeing as there was no longer a reason to yell at the younger man for touching his belongings, there was no stopping it, the doctor simply greeted him as he grabbed two mugs. A small grunt came from the sitting room. "Have you eaten something?" John asked, already knowing the answer. Sherlock looked at him with a face that said,
A few hours later, Sherlock sat in his chair, now fully dressed, as they waited for the client. John had changed into a pair of jeans and his oatmeal jumper with his notepad on his lap. He was just about to ask why this case seemed to be interesting when there was a knock at the door. The older of the two stood to answer the door. The woman standing there had to be in her mid-twenties. Her straight and naturally red hair fell halfway down her perky chest. She wore a blue and white tie-dye tank top, a black leather jacket, and a pair of form-fitting jeans. "Hello, you must be Ms. York, I'm John Watson and that's Sherlock Holmes," John greeted.
Sherlock slumped down and John slid out slowly. They laid side by side for a while, just panting. After a few minutes, John stood on shaky legs and walked to the window, flashing a smile, then shutting it firmly and closing the blinds. He turned off the lights then climbed under the blankets, pulling Sherlock in with him. The man was already half asleep but he cuddled into the warm human that was his blogger. He nuzzled into his neck, "Mm, it's sticky."
"Excellent. Now, I trust you will not speak a word of this back to your wife. You wouldn't want her to know you let out her little secret, I don't believe she'll be very nice." Jack's brown eyes filled with fear as he shook his head. "Good, thank you for your help."
"Thank you for helping me, Mr. Holmes," the client, Chase, had told Sherlock as they sat on the couch in the sitting room of 221b. "As I said before, I don't have enough money to pay you-"
"You want me to what?" Sherlock asked his boyfriend. It's 10:13 in the morning and the couple was still lying in bed. The younger man had his head propped up on the older man's chest.
He ran a hand through his hair before heading to shower, willing his eyes to stay forward. John turned on the water to let it warm up as he undressed. He stepped in as soon as it wasn't freezing. The room still smelled like Sherlock's posh shampoo. It was a soft earthy smell, but not like dirt, it was like mint and olive oil. John loved it. He took a deep breath, imagining Sherlock's hair pressed into his face like it was moments before.
. Sherlock quickly excused himself and left the establishment. John phone went off before he could chase him.
A small tsk escaped the soldier, "Sherlock, seems like you're distracting a couple people. What'd you say we finished this little show for them?" Sherlock rapidly nodded his head in response as his precome made the pillow under him wet. He let out a hiss as the lovely fingers left him feeling empty. John coated his palm in a fresh layer of lube and grasped his hard cock. He moaned and pulled himself softly, staring at Sherlock's open and waiting hole. "I love fucking you, you know that? The sounds you make, the way you look, god, the feel of you wrapped around my prick is heaven." He said as he lifted the brunet's hips and lined himself up. "Ready?" He asked, rubbing the head again the waiting entrance.
Jack nodded quickly then brought his hand up to his mouth and made the motion of zipping his lips. John thought to himself for a quick moment then said, "Actually, I don't trust you," before punching him in the face twice, rendering him unconscious. After shaking his hand out, the doctor rose to his feet and walked over to the gun. John slid the tyre iron into his right trouser leg and picked up the gun. He checked how much ammo was in it - it was full - then turned off the safety. "Amateur."
"Sorry! I had to get something cleared up," he said before sitting at his desk. The detective let out a groan and leaned back in his chair. Greg raised an eyebrow at John before he waved him off. "Alright then. Let's get your statements."
Sherlock rubbed his thumb against the back of John's hand. "That's the next thing I want to talk to you about. The kissing." John nodded but Sherlock could tell he was starting to get worried. The dark-haired man took a deep breath. "I've never kissed someone."
Mummy skated over the comment, "I believe there were a few restaurants that way," she spoke as she pointed to the right. Sherlock looked back at the Ferris wheel. Mummy and Daddy hated heights, and Mycroft hated fun, so it would be a nice way to get away from them and have some more alone time.
"I guess so," John responded. Sherlock looked at him through his eyelashes. "So, how should we spend these last few minutes?" The blonde boy asked, his left pointer finger drawing soft circles into the hip of the boy on top of him.
"It's your eyes. It's the same look others get when they want to baby something they think is -" Sherlock stopped short on his sentence. John raised his eyebrows, encouraging him to continue. Sherlock looked down and pulled his sheet tighter around himself before whispering, "something they think is cute."
As usual, Sherlock refused to let the medics look at him. He yelled that he was fine over and over. "Sherlock looks a bit shaken up," Lestrade said as he walked up behind John. The doctor glanced at him and sighed before turning back to look at the madman.
"Nothing," John mumbled and his lifted his teacup to his mouth again, "you just sound like Mycroft."
"I can't tell you, she'll kill me," he told them, looking at the street, presumably, to see if she was there. Sherlock grabbed his arm and dragged him further down the alley, John close behind. Jack was maybe an inch shorter than Sherlock, and the detective seemed to use that to his advantage as he crowded him against the wall.
John nodded and sat back. Then he realized something. "Wait," he commented, "If the hotel is walking distance from the flat, why are we in a cab?" Sherlock just gave a little smirk and shrugged. John rolled his eyes and laughed.
John secretly loved taking care of Sherlock, even if it was as small as him consuming something John made. Sherlock's eyes no longer calculating, but warm and relaxed as he drank his coffee.
"Then stop doing things that bother me," John responded, standing to make some tea. Sherlock rose from his spot at his desk to follow.
Tears were running down the right side of John's neck where Sherlock's head was buried. John immediately went into caretaker mode. He pulled the detective close, his right hand tangling into his hair as his left arm wrapped around his waist to hold him in place. "I love you. I love you so much. God, Sherlock, I adore you," he mumbled into his hair.
"I wanted to ask you a few more questions about the bracelet," Sherlock stated. The client nodded and they began talking. John didn't pay attention that much.
After a long snog, John pulled away and panted, "Alright. What do you have in that gorgeous brain of yours?"
After hours of research, tea, some jealous glaring, and John taking countless walks so he doesn't strangle his flatmate, the pair found out that Ms. York had lied about more than just the case.
The younger, and more annoyed, Holmes rolled his eyes. Buzz Light-year waved his arms frantically, saying something about shooting the targets the aliens were holding up. The ride when on for a few more minutes then, thankfully, ended. The family of four walked up the staircase, deposited their glasses in the marked bins, then walked through the store.
John braced himself for the next swing, "I asked them if we could be alone together. I guess they took it wrong," He said, "Though, hopefully not, too wrong?" he asked softly.
Though, John wasn't exactly going to complain about a having a consulting detective straddling his lap while throwing his shirt on the floor. John gently placed his hand on his lover's hip, "I guess I did." After placing his forgotten book on the table beside his chair, John threaded the fingers of his right hand into Sherlock's curls and pulled softly. Sherlock let out a small groan. John picked up the butterfly knife in the other hand. He waved it in front of Sherlock's face until he opened his eyes. He then flipped the knife open without blinking.
Sherlock almost walked into three different people as he added John to his favourites list. Now he knows why this is the 'Happiest Place On Earth.'
When they arrived at the diner, Sherlock paid the driver then walked inside. There was a small booth in the back corner with a window facing the hotel entrance. The taller man slipped into the booth gracefully while the other man scooted into the other side, back to the wall. A man with a lip ring and eyebrow piercing walked up to the pair. "Can I get you anything?" he asked, grabbing his notepad from the apron around his waist.
Mycroft just groaned, "Patience, brother mine, this silly little game will be over soon enough then you can go back to judging all the people on the pier."
Sherlock pulled apart one of the two bread circles, John knew Sherlock liked them a lot so he always gave him his own, and dipped it into the egg yolk. John sipped at his coffee, "Any cases?"
. What are you planning on doing?" He shifted slightly as he saw Sherlock smirk out of the corner of his eye.
John gave a little chuckle, "I want you to show me how you work with this beauty." Sherlock hummed as John ran his fingers through his hair. A small hum echoed in the room. "When your hair frizzed up," John started again, earning a glare from his lover, "I realized that you have to do a lot for it. So, show me." He kissed his forehead, "Please?"
she was. John let out a sarcastic chuckle at the response. "What's the plan then?" John asked, setting his book down on his lap to look at the lanky man sitting on the couch.
His phone read that it was four minutes after eight. After sending a quick text of confirmation, John rose from the bed. He pulled his dressing gown on and tied it close as he went down the stairs to make breakfast. John didn't acknowledge the frown that spread across his face when he saw that Sherlock wasn't in the sitting room. He padded across the room and looked in the fridge.
harms him, no. She does care for him, but she doesn't show it correctly. She gives him luxury items, like the shoes he was wearing - easily a hundred pounds, but does threaten to take them away. They both most likely grew up in poverty, his situation more severe than hers, so he stays with her because he doesn't know if he can afford the lifestyle that he has become accustomed to without her."
"Wouldn't you like to know," he smiled as he swung the Belstaff around his shoulders. He looked John up and down then seemed to wipe something off his left shoulder then left his hand to rest there. "This colour looks good on you."
"Not ready to kiss?" Sherlock blushed but nodded. "It's ok, I get it. No need to be shy about it. It's common for people to be nervous about their first kiss." Sherlock glared at John in a you-know-I'm-not-common type of way. Before Sherlock could say anything, John interjected with, "So where am I allowed to kiss you?"
Sherlock chuckled darkly and looked out the window, "Oh, John. Just when I thought you were getting a bit better a deducing." John had no time to ask what Sherlock meant because he immediately was pulled away from the booth to follow the man who had just left the hotel.
"What?" the doctor questioned as he looked back at Sherlock. He seemed slightly flustered and a bit sad, but it went away almost immediately. Almost.
John simply pecked him on the lips before whispering, "I love you but shut up." Sherlock pouted but allowed John to bandage him up. Once all the aftercare was finished, John undressed and climbed back into bed, pulling a certain consulting detective close to his chest before falling asleep with his head in a bunch of curls.
She let out a tiny gasp, "That's right. You two are," gripped Sherlock's curls and pulled his head back to expose his throat better, her lips ghosting over his cheek, "
John tried to think of a plan. He didn't have his gun on him, Sherlock's plan didn’t require a gun and there was no way he was going to get it into a fancy restaurant. Zoey wasn't stupid so she probably had a gun. Not exactly a fair fight. When he looked back at his phone, the blip had stopped moving. "Take a left here," John announced. The driver did as he was told.
The day went on with Sherlock sitting in John's lap on the sofa while the ex-soldier played with his hair. A while later, a homeless woman brought a container of curl styler for the brunet. Seeing as he didn't want to over wash his hair, the detective let it stay as it. John was very happy about the idea.
The detective cleared his throat, "You heard me perfectly fine. Also, I'll have some tea as well," he said before he turned to go back to his desk. He stopped halfway and looked over his shoulder, "And you may want to calm down a bit before we meet her tonight." John nodded stiffly and when back to the tea.
"Was that really necessary, Sherlock?" John asked as he approached him. Sherlock didn't acknowledge him, just waited for his coat. John rolled his eyes and waited with him. The officer came back with both Sherlock's suit jacket and Belstaff. The detective snatched it from his hands and began to walk towards the main road to catch a cab. John whispered a quick thanks to the young man before chasing after the Sherlock. "Not even going to talk to me?" John questioned. Again, Sherlock didn't look at him.
"And rinse," Sherlock interrupted, pulling back to run his head under the water once more. John groaned while Sherlock laughed.
"Don't be ridiculous," Sherlock scowled and looked at John. He turned back to the window and held up a finger before John could continue. A few seconds later, he returned to his seat. "Ms. York was lying. She has no stalker. She didn't check the windows when she came in or seem on edge when she left. That sketch was too detailed to be from a few eyewitnesses, it had to be made with the subject sitting in front of her. She made the eyes naturally soft and lips plump, so it is probably someone with whom she has a romantic connection, probably a boyfriend. She purposely wore formfitting clothing and responded to my flirting immediately, so it was part of her plan to seduce one of us," Sherlock explained as he placed his fingers under his chin.
John shoved the chair out of the way to catch Sherlock as he started to tumble. Sherlock fell into John's arms, letting him guide him gently to the floor. "Shh, Sherlock, it's alright. You're safe now. I promise," John whispered as he pulled the shaking man close. He continued to comfort the man as police sirens came closer.
John nodded and took a breath, looking at the floor. "About this morning," he tried again as he turned back to the younger man, "I didn’t mean to make you feel.. uncomfortable." Sherlock nodded and looked at the floor. "I meant what I said at breakfast. I guess I just got a little, overzealous," he admitted. Sherlock looked up in time to see John's face turn into a tomato.
"Oh," Olivia squeaked, "I'm an artist. I'm trying to save up so I can get my studio off the ground."
"Find her stalker," Sherlock said simply, "she must not find out that we know she's lying. We will treat this as a normal stalker case until I can figure out what she and her partner are planning. I'm scheduling a meet up for tomorrow night."
Shaking, likely first time holding a gun. Then he realized Jack's critical mistake. Tightening his grip on his weapon, John waited for Jack to enter the room. Once he was fully inside, John slowly closed the door. Jack quickly turned, only to have John kick his legs out from under him. The gun skidded across the room as Jack fell to the floor. John got on his knee and leaned close to his ear. "If you even think of making a sound, I will knock you out," John whispered harshly.
Seconds, minutes, maybe even hours had passed before John pulled back. "Hey, look at me," he spoke softly as he moved his hands to rest on Sherlock's waist. The detective slowly sat up, he picked at his fingernails, casting shy glances at the other man. John looked at Sherlock with nothing but fondness in his eyes. Sherlock's eyes were red, cheeks decorated with streaks from tears, and his sheet had fallen off his right shoulder. He looked ethereal and just - "Perfect," John whispered.
She gently brushed her girlfriend's soft brown hair behind her ear, "Yup. She seems edgy to everyone else but she's really sweet like sugar." Jade kissed Alina's forehead when she began to blush. John quickly looked at Sherlock. Sherlock scrunched his nose, trying to get the message of
Suddenly, the ride stopped. They looked at the door as the worker opened the door. "Time to go, guys," They said. John got up first and asked the cast member a question. Sherlock couldn't hear, but the teen nodded, so it couldn't have been that bad, right? Sherlock and John moved out of the cart as another couple jumped in. It was obvious what they were going to try to do once the ride started.
"How did you do that, by the way? I mean, I know you just looked at me, but still, how did you narrow it down?" The future soldier asked.
"Ah!" John yelped as the cold water suddenly hit his front. Sherlock laughed again as he coated his hair in the cold water. John was out before the water was even turned off. "Arse," he stated as he threw a towel at the man after wrapping one around himself. The taller man kissed the shorter one then grabbed another container. This one was white and purple in colour with a press nozzle at the top.
The Sherlock in his head whimpered John's name and came in his lap, his come painting streaks along his chest. John tightened his hand to mimic how he thought Sherlock's walls would pulse around him and that was all he needed before he came on the shower wall with a low groan. Once blood flow when back to his brain, John realized what he had just done. He also realized that wanking over your best friend who you just confessed love to was a bit.. weird. He quickly splashed water on the wall to clean it before going about washing his hair.
John propped himself up on his elbows, "What in the hell are you doing?" He stopped asking questions when the detective crawled on top of him.
John nodded, "Alright, when do we go?" Sherlock took a swig of his tea and stood, heading to the door to grab his coat and scarf.
The coffee was done the same time John finished up their food. He poured the coffee, adding sugar to Sherlock's, then grabbed the salt and pepper. John liked a little seasoning on his breakfast, but Sherlock liked a little salt and lots of pepper. Once their food was ready and plated, John set everything on the table. Sherlock sat at the head of the table, back to the sitting room, while John sat to his left so they didn't bump elbows.
John threw the door open and walked in, holding up the gun. "Yes, he is," he commanded. Zoey slid behind Sherlock again, this time pulling out a pocket knife and holding it to his neck. She peeked her head out from behind Sherlock's right shoulder. "Let him go," John demanded as he moved to stand a meter or so in front of Sherlock.
A minute had passed before the sound of a door opening and closing emanated from behind John, followed by feet shuffling to seat at the opposite end of the kitchen. John smirked as he platted the last Johnny cake. He grabbed two forks, two knives, and the plates then went to set the table. Sherlock was sitting at the seat he also sat at when he was eating - the one at the head of the table, back to the sitting room - and was wrapped in his sheet. His hair was standing up in all areas and pointing in all different directions.
Now it was John's turn to be shocked. Yes, they've shagged before - hell, for the first week they were
Yes, egg in the hole was one of Sherlock's favourites, but Johnny cakes were his number one. John started by reaching for a mixing bowl. Once he was absolutely positive that no remnants of experiments past were in the said bowl, he measured out the cornmeal and water and began to mix them together. The doctor turned chef then added some milk before placing a pan on the stove to preheat.
taking her to bed," John's chest tighten, "you will stay outside the flat and wait for Jack to come in to make the sex tape. Once he is in, call Lestrade, and come in. Once he gets here, they will be arrested. Zoey is not one for leaving her things at her house, so the other tapes should be in their hotel room."
The doctor was too far away to hear the conversation, but Sherlock was smiling a lot. It made his gut twist. While trying to control his jealousy, he saw a man walk in who looked slightly familiar. It was Olivia's partner.
"Tell me," John purred as he brought his face closer, their noses almost touching, "what is it about the knife that you love so much?" The soldier's eyes followed the knife as he gently grazed the flat part of it down the younger man's jaw to his neck. It wasn't enough to break the skin, but it was the perfect amount of pressure for Sherlock to feel how cold the blade was.
"No! Stop right there!" John yelled as he turned to glare at the man, "I am not your sugar baby. You pay for
"I'm not hungry," Sherlock protested. John cut a hole out of the center of the bread. He was making egg in the hole, which just so happens to be one of Sherlock's favourites. Not that anyone knows that. The sound of bread sizzling in the buttered skillet caused Sherlock's head to pop up.
The detective looked at the teen as if to double-check if it was alright. He reached out and took the item, weighing it in his right hand. "Thank you, Chase."
"Yes, yes, I will have her come here at once to talk more," Sherlock told him, immediately typing up a response. John gave a small smirk then stood to clean the dishes. At least Sherlock ate some of his food.
"So," He started, crossing his legs and placing his arms on the armrests, "you have a stalker, correct?"
They were working on a case in Amsterdam. Sherlock said it was a 'six,' but John said it was 'a break from London,' so they booked a room and caught a flight. The case wasn't too bad. Sherlock figured it out in two days with bubble gum and a cigarette. John and Sherlock got back to their hotel at ten at night. Their flight back to London wasn't until six in the afternoon the next day. John turned on the lights flopped onto his back on the bed.
Sherlock took the paper and returned the smile. "Of course," he purred, "have a nice day, Ms. York." She bit her lip then turned and walked down the stairs. Sherlock shut the door softly. The second the door was closed, he proceeded to move towards the window. He shifted the curtains back to watch Baker Street.
John had woken up in the same position he had fallen asleep in. He was laying on his stomach, face still smashed into the pillow, but now with added drool staining the white case. He moved to sit up and shook the sleep from his head. His phone pinged, causing him to hum in surprise as he quickly turned to it. The man turned on the lamp and unplugged his phone, shifting back to rest against the headboard.
This is where their characters change. I see Sherlock as a disaster gay and John as a soft but reluctant bi. If this isn't how you see them, sorry not sorry.
. I'm looking it up now to get an idea of the layout and see where the best vantage points are." A few moments later, Sherlock piped up again, saying, "There appears to be a bar in the center of the main dining room." He turned in his seat and faced John, "Alright. You will go in before us and sit at the bar. I'll wait outside for Mrs. Montenegro then head in with her. I will try to steer us to an area you can see. Based on what her husband has told us, she will try to seduce me and attempt to have me bring her here. You will follow us after we leave."
They looked at each other. John then pointed to himself, "You want me to do it?" Sherlock didn't respond, only tilted his head down till his hair was in line with John's eyesight. A smile grew on the older man's face as he started to fluff the other man's hair. It was soft and had a nice earthy smell. Sherlock straightened again when John was done and looked in the mirror.
Sherlock sat at the bar, seemingly waiting for a drink he ordered. John went to the other side and got a pint, taking it with him to a booth in the back corner so he can see who comes in and out while he keeps an eye on his partner. The bartender gave the younger man a glass whiskey then went off to help the other customers. Just as John was about to look at his watch, Olivia walked in the door.
John ran to the building and stopped right before a window. He quickly glanced inside but saw no one. He looked at the ground and saw a tyre iron. "Running into an abandoned building with a tyre iron to rescue Sherlock," he whispered to himself as he picked it up, "just like old times." He steeled himself from the memory before slowly opening the door. The only light in the room came from the street lamps outside and the light from under the door leading to the back room.
A few minutes later, John came out of the bar. Sherlock, the bloody magician, came out of seemingly nowhere and stepped in front of John. "How did they act?" Sherlock asked.
'Happiest Place on Earth' is not what Sherlock was thinking during his family's trip to Disneyland. Most teens would be ecstatic to go somewhere new, especially somewhere out of the country, but Sherlock isn't like most teens. There were children running around, crying when they couldn't see Mickey for the fifth time that day, and couples were making out everywhere you looked. The rides weren't incredibly interesting either. Star Tours had too long of a line, Autopia's Burt was even more annoying than Mycroft, and if Mummy made Sherlock go on Small World one more time, he was going to stand up on Space Mountain.
When the restaurant worker answered, he heard what he could only describe as 'the sound of a mobile being smacked out of someone's hand' and laughing.
Their statements had been recorded an hour later - Thanks to Sherlock, the pouty git - and they were once again entering 221b. "So," John began he sat down on the far end of the couch, "what were you trying to say at the Yard?" Sherlock looked at him after he hung up his coat and scarf, an uncertain look settled in his eyes. John's face softened as he patted the spot next to him.
John rolled his eyes and grabbed his jacket before he marched down the stairs. Sherlock came out of the flat as a cab pulled up to John. Sherlock climbed in and attempted to shut the door. "Oi! What are you doing?" John asked.
Sherlock texted her a few hours later saying he would take the case. She messaged back almost immediately saying how, um,
John walked over and stood in the kitchen for a moment, wondering if he should go in. Best to leave him alone for now. Seeing as it was now almost midnight, the shorter man then went into the loo and started his routine for bed. Once he was done, he glanced at Sherlock's room one more time before heading up to his own. His room was cool when he walked in. He took a deep breath before shutting the door and turning on the lap, connecting his phone to the charger beside it.
John chuckled softly, "And a partridge in a pear tree?" Sherlock just looked at him with a blank face. "Never mind," John spoke as he cut into his meal. Sherlock just hummed but continued eating. Days like this are always nice. To everyone else, it was a normal Wednesday. Rushing to work or school, praying for Friday to come along to save them so they can sleep. Here, in 221B, it was different. No case, no client, no pressing issue other than finishing their meals before they became cold. The doctor watched the younger man nibble away at his food.
"Nothing of interest to me. Four teenagers stealing medications from their parents, three cheating spouses, two cases of forgery," Sherlock explained as he finished up one of the circles.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand, "I don't want you to change. I love you just the way you are. But I won't object to you cleaning the flat more often." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Can I kiss your forehead again?" John asked softly. Sherlock's face turned pink as he nodded. This time he leaned forward and closed his eyes, silently preening. John chuckled before pushing some stray curls to the side and placed two soft kisses on the oft skin before him. They both smiled when John pulled away.
"Hand?" John would ask when they were eating take out. "Hair?" he would whisper before he went to bed. "Shoulder?" he would check when they were watching crap telly. Sherlock told John he didn't need to ask every time. "But I like seeing your face light up when I ask, love," John countered. Sherlock glared at him but still blushed. John giggled but grabbed his face and kissed his nose.
Hours had passed and Sherlock had found the culprit. It was a nineteen-year-old girl named Alina who had stolen the bracelet for her girlfriend for their second anniversary. Her reason was that her girlfriend loved purple and it was beautiful like her. Sherlock confronted the girl at her flat, but before he could say anything more than 'I know you stole this,' the girlfriend, twenty-one-year-old Jade, looked at Alina and scolded her for stealing. "You
John groaned as the sun poured into his room, waking him up from his deep sleep. He ran his fingers through his hair as he took a breath. A smile stretched across John's lips as he realized it was his day off. Coffee sounded great right about now. The doctor sat up and read the clock on his nightstand. 8:27. He had slept in for about an hour and a half. Not surprising as he had spent the day before trying to keep his eyes open at dinner. His body popped as he stood. After putting on his robe to make sure he was decent, he started the trek down the stairs to the kitchen.
"I should say some-," Sherlock spoke. They both froze and looked at each other. "You go first," Sherlock insisted. John was about to fight it, but Sherlock just tightened his gaze.
He turned his attention back to his partner and the woman with him. The pair were laughing softly. Sherlock suddenly grabbed out his phone and made a face of annoyance. He looked as if he was explaining something to Olivia before standing and putting some money on the bar, probably paying for both drinks. She grabbed his hand and seemed to ask him to stay. He politely declined and moved to leave when she pulled his face close.
The man in question whipped his head back around to see Sherlock looking at him with red-rimmed eyes. The sight broke his heart. He lifted his left hand and gently cupped the younger man's cheek. "Don't cry, it's nothing bad. At least, I hope not," he attempted to joke.
, John thought. He felt something on his pinkie. The doctor looked down to see one leather-clad hand was slowly encasing his own. John leaned back a little, his face full of playfulness as he moved to hold Sherlock's pinkie with his own.
"But," Sherlock started as John stepped closer, "you, you have to close your eyes." When John asked why, Sherlock didn't know how to answer.
"Well, I believe that's all I need," Sherlock said with a smirk. He stood to walk Olivia to the door. John heard the door creak open but looked when he didn't hear any steps down.
," he whispered, looking at his boyfriend. Sherlock rolled his eyes and threw his right hand over his face.
"Shower is yours, now," he announced before walking into his bedroom. Only a towel was around his waist and John's eyes were glued to the piece of fabric.
Olivia kissed him. Olivia was kissing Sherlock Holmes. The man, much to John's rage, kissed back. The woman's partner seemed to clear his throat and look away. John took a long pull from his pint and tried his best not to slam the drink down.
"We are. Mrs. Montenegro was close enough to Baker Street to walk, she didn't call a cab when she left. Though, she was too far from the pub to walk so they had to take a cab. There are three hotels within a reasonable walking distance but only one has five stars. Juliette Heights. Across from there is Park's Diner where we can wait until Jack leaves."
"Remember how we were going to try new things?" He breathed, lips brushing softly over John's. The older man, already getting hard, just nodded and moved his chin up a bit for a kiss. Sherlock moved away slightly, "Well, we don't we try exhibitionism?" his eyes glanced over to the window, "There are still some people out, if they look, they will be able to see you taking me. They can hear me scream your name."
"Hand me that," Sherlock requested, grabbing the bottle that said No-Poo, "Now, this is a cleanser. No sulfates, silicones, or parabens." He squeezed some of the white product into his hand then put the bottle on the lip of the tub. A soft, earthy, smell of olive oil and peppermint filled the air. One that John has always associated with Sherlock. The man in question rubbed the cream between his hands and began to rub it onto his roots. "You have to massage this into your scalp. It gets the blood flow going and makes the hair grow faster and better."
true. He was bi, just hated when people assumed that a bi person with someone of the same sex was automatically gay, and god knows whatever the hell Sherlock was. He assumed he was asexual, but with the case and a certain woman from the past, John didn't know what to believe. The cabbie seemed awkward from then on. When they arrived, John and Sherlock got out and stood to the side.
, he thought. When he came back to the conversation a few seconds later, he heard, "-but I had responded to her flirting initially. Also, I am the one with the money."
"That's never happened before," Sherlock interrupted. John looked up at him with furrowed brows. The detective moved his hands to his sheet, pulling it tighter around his body. "No one, not even when I was.." he paused, he didn't want to speak of that time again, "I had never been offered up like that. I was beaten and tortured, but never.. that."
The moment broke when the computer pinged, signalling a new email. The pair turned their heads to look at the laptop sitting in the black leather chair. The detective jumped from his seat and brought the laptop back to the kitchen table.
Without warning, John took all of him into his mouth. Sherlock slammed his hands onto the bed and twisted the sheets in fists. "Captain!" he shouted. John bobbed his head quickly, sucking as he pulled up. The brunet bucked again when John ran his tongue over the slit, earning him another cut. A burst of precum hit John's tongue. He moaned around Sherlock's length as he began to rut against the bed in search of friction. Sherlock's toes curled when he began to feel the bottom of the bed shake. The idea of John getting off on this was so damn
Sherlock gave a mock smile, "Yes, well, that means you need to, well, freshen up, so to speak." John raised an eyebrow. "What is it
If the situation was different, John would have comforted her, but he didn't have time. "Did you see the car?"
on his blog - the names changed, of course. Sherlock kept the blade in his desk drawer. He planned to use it in some experiments -for example, how stab wounds differed from blade to blade and others. Until then, he kept it safe, not wanting to ruin it. Sherlock didn't feel the need to tell John about the new weapon.
"Yes, just, follow my lead," He said. He placed the towel in the soldier's hands then placed his own hands under his. "Scrunch the curls, lightly. Just enough to get the water and the cast from the gel out." John nodded and did as he was told. It felt, well, intimate. Sherlock obviously cared a lot about his curls and was willing to have John help him. This entire time John lived here, he hid his hair products, but now he's willing showing him his routine. "Very good," Sherlock praised. He lifted his head again and checked in the mirror. "Almost done," Sherlock said proudly.
John looked at him, "Really? So what are you going to do, Mr. Scary Detective?" Sherlock just glared at him as he pulled out his phone.
"I love you too," Sherlock said between sniffles. John felt his eyes begin to sting as he began to cry as well. They sat like that for a while, just crying into each other's arms. Nothing else mattered or even existed outside of the kitchen. Nothing but the sound of deep breaths, the smell of cold Johnny cakes and each other.
Sherlock sat at the other end of the sofa, putting as much space between them as possible. He started picking at the sleeve of his suit jacket. John gently placed his hand over Sherlock's causing the man to look up. "Sherlock. I know that neither of us are poster boys for having talks but," he moved closer to the brunet, "whatever this is, I want it to work and that requires communication."
It felt nice to pull off the clothes from the night. He didn't want to through them in the hamper, clothes this fancy obviously had to be dry cleaned, so he neatly folding them and placed them on top of his dresser then places his dress shoes next to his closet. John slipped on an old shirt before climbing into bed. He laid on his back and looked at the ceiling. He tried not to think about the fear in Sherlock's eyes when he turned off the lamp beside him and attempted to sleep.
." John just nodded as he filled the kettle with water. "By that logic, would that mean I'm your sugar-"
"Before you say anything, yes, I did pay the waiter for the chips. Probably a bit more than needed, but he won't object, being a uni student," Sherlock said.
John raised an eyebrow, "You're not gonna run off with it, are you? I thought we were just hitting it off!" Sherlock laughed again while John pulled out his phone. He unlocked it and passed to Sherlock, "I'm watching you."
"God, John, right there!" he yelled, grinding back onto his boyfriend's hand. John smirked and added a third finger, speeding up the thrusts. He turned his head to look out the window. Two people were outside, one sitting on a bench, obviously entranced by what was happing in the room, and one walking on the sidewalk but the park, seemingly looking for the source of the loud moaning.
He licked the underside of Sherlock's cock as he grabbed the knife from his back pocket. Sherlock's head popped up when he heard the sound of John opening the blade. "Let's play a game, shall we? I'm going to suck you off but I'm going to keep the knife right here," John spoke as he pressed the blade above Sherlock's belly button, "and if you move too much, I'll scratch you. Nothing deep, alright?"
"Hm, guess I'll have to keep a close eye on you then, yeah?" John smiled before lifting Sherlock's hand to place a small kiss on the back of it. Sherlock glared, but not his why-are-you-such-an-idiot face, it was his new how-dare-you-say-something-that-cute-I-am-trying-to-be-stoic-here face. Sherlock cleared his throat and walked over to grab his coat. "We're leaving now?" John questioned.
"People are watching, Sherlock. They can hear you. All of Amsterdam knows you belong to me now, don't they?" The doctor growled, moving faster and pulling the dark curls harder.
"May I try?" John asked, kneeling so he was at the same level as Sherlock and held out his hands. Sherlock looked at him through the strands of hair.
John carefully placed his meal in front of him then set his own plate down at the seat next to the detective. He turned back to the counter to fill two mugs with coffee and added sugar to one of them before returning to the table to eat. They sat in silence as they ate, but it wasn't comfortable like it was last time. This time it was tense like one wrong move would have the capability to ruin everything around them. Sherlock poured the syrup onto his Johnny cakes before cutting them into little squares. John cleared his throat as he cut into his own.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Come on, back to the flat. We have research to do." John just huffed as Sherlock signalled a cab, trying his best not to look south of the equator.
The man let out a small gasp and tried to lean forward for a kiss. John tightened his grip on his hair and pulled back. His lips ghosted over his throat as he continued to run the blade over Sherlock's skin, repeating the question. "It's you," he started, John sucking bruises on his neck, "it's your confidence. The way you - ah - use it so c-casually. Oh, god." Sherlock grabbed the bottom hem of John's shirt and twisted his hands into it.
It wasn't long before they had arrived at the client's house. It looked nice. It was a white two-story with plants on the patio. The two men walked up the large black door and rang the doorbell. "This is a nice place," John commented as he looked around. He reached out with his left hand to lift the green leaf of one of the plants. Sherlock hummed. "Ya know, I would like to have some plants around the flat. Nothing fancy, just a small one," he continued. Sherlock turned to him to say something but got interrupted.
Sherlock's hair bounced as his head popped up a little, "Like I'm some kind of small animal." John laughed again, his shoulders shaking with it. Sherlock rolled his eyes, "What?"
January. The time of people trying to be better, removing holiday decorations, and cold rain. It's nothing new, obviously, it's London. This time was different for Sherlock though. This time, he ran out of hair styler. A huge case had just been wrapped up, so Sherlock was a little busy.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and fell back into his sulking position on the sofa, "I know I am not invincible, John. I told her I would be coming alone so she thinks I'm there with a goal of sexual gratification," John began to grit his teeth, "you will be sitting at a booth while Ms. York and I at are the bar. You will need to keep an eye out for our stalker."
British, Sherlock thought. He crossed his arms, "Where are you going? You're sitting as a soldier would, you're wearing combat boots to an amusement park, which no one would do unless they were already used to them or practicing to be, and you're looking around as if you won't see this side of humanity for a while."
The man in his lap blushed again, "Like I'm," he whispered. He pressed his lips together like he was trying to find a way to explain it that would make sense to John.
It was Sherlock's turn to roll his eyes, "Honestly, John, we can't show up together if I said I was going alone. Just get the next one." The door shut and the cab pulled away, leaving John on the sidewalk. Cursing under his breath, John hailed another cab and followed after Sherlock. Case or no, he was ordering a drink at the pub.
Making his way back to the door from where Jack entered, he pressed his back to the other side from where he was before. John gently opened the door. Peeking through the crack, John could see Zoey.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, sending them both into laughing fits. The ride continued to move. The two boys held on as the cart attempted to move them across, laughing all the while. Slowly, the ride came to a stop, but the couple were still at the top. "I guess they're gonna take their time getting us down," Sherlock whispered. He placed his hands gently on John's shoulders.
Sherlock crossed his arms, the buttons on his white button up straining as his maroon dressing gown flowed, "You are! You're jealous that Zoey chose me as a target instead of you." John's mind short-circuited.
"Sherlock, you silly bugger. It doesn't look terrible, it's adorable," John said, running his fingers through the soft hair. Sherlock looked at John, but John was too interested in playing with the curls. "I had no idea your hair was this," He paused and gently pulled on a strand, watching it spring back into its place, "fluffy."
In the blink of an eye, John had pulled the tyre iron out of his trousers and turned to swing at Zoey. The sound of metal hitting flesh echoed in the room, followed by the sound of weight falling to the ground. John stood over her and watched for her breathing. Her back lifted and fell.
She was standing behind Sherlock, probably trying up his hands. His legs tied to the chair he was sitting on. The detective's Belstaff and suit jacket were gone, head was down, and his whole body was slack. John scanned his body for some kind of movement when Sherlock's head lifted a little, exposing the cloth gag in his mouth. "Good morning, Mr. Holmes," Zoey purred, moving her hands to rest on his shoulders. He groaned in response as he flexed his arms. "Don't try, Sherlock. You might be awake, but you're still weak," Zoey chuckled as she stepped in front of him, her back to John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked up at the doctor, "Yes, but we can tell him that he will be safe after his wife is arrested."
It was another person, about nineteen though he was slightly shorter than Sherlock, with dusky blonde hair. It was partly bleached from the California sun. His slightly tanned face turned red as he made eye contact with Sherlock then looked down. "Come on, I don't bite," Sherlock spoke. He turned back around and sat down on the right side of the cart. He heard a shuffle then felt the cart shift as the other teen climbed on. He sat across from Sherlock and looked out towards the water as the worker closed the door.
Jack, Zoey's husband, had walked out of Juliette Heights and began to walk down the street. Sherlock, the long-legged git, quickly caught up to him. After a lull in the crowd, Sherlock shouldered him into the nearby alley. Sherlock put up a hand before Jack could shout, "Please don't yell, this is already tedious enough without you making a scene."
A few days had passed since Sherlock and John talked about the kissing thing. Because of that, things had changed a bit. Every morning John came down and immediately looked for Sherlock. He would kiss him every morning, depending on their moods. If both of them were happy, Sherlock would get a kiss on the forehead. If Sherlock was doing an experiment and John was happy or tired, Sherlock would get a quick kiss on the top of his head. When Sherlock was in a stope, John would place soft kisses on the tip of his nose. Every single time before John kissed Sherlock, John would ask.
"Won't work," Sherlock interrupted and leaned forward, "now, you said you had a description of this man?"
"I'm, I'm busy working something. I'll make up for it when you come back!" It hurt Sherlock to say that, but he could not let his boyfriend see him like such a mess. John gave a small hum of understanding and said bye. Sherlock waited to hear the door close before wrapping himself into a sheet and heading into the sitting room. John had opened the windows to air out the kitchen after Sherlock's latest experiment with rotting cow bones. The humidity caused the man's hair to become even more frizzy.
He growled and slammed the windows then shot a text to someone in his homeless network. When he got a text back, he plopped himself into his chair. He whispered to himself about how he was an idiot for forgetting something that was so basic. Then he heard steps on the stairs. He recognized the steps immediately.
Sherlock pushed the plate away from himself, "If it comes down to a case, yes. I will-" Sherlock cringed slightly, "
"Bye, Sherlock," Was the last thing Sherlock heard before he turned and walked toward his family. He pulled out his mobile and looked at the message. He smiled at the small picture of him kissing John.
When he was done reading, John looked up at Sherlock. "Ok, email her to meet us-" He started, but Sherlock grabbed the computer away.
The soldier faced the man strapped in the chair. He lowered his hands and took two steps forward. Sherlock bit into the gag and whimpered as if in pain, though he didn't have a mark on him. Zoey stood back to watch. John's heart broke when Sherlock shook his head in fear.
It was their last day to go to California Adventure. Mummy and Daddy wanted to go on Toy Story Mania, so everyone went on Toy Story Mania. Mummy vs Daddy, and Sherlock vs Mycroft. Mycroft refused to put on the ridiculous glasses on. Sherlock just put the glasses in his lap and leaned back. Though, the idea to relax was immediately ruined when the cart moved and spun on the track.
Neither of them spoke as Sherlock migrated to the kitchen table without the laptop. Though, John did smirk.
Sherlock looking in the bathroom mirror at his unruly hair. He ran his fingers through it carefully, looking at the damage. He had taken a shower like normal, but when he got out, he saw that the jar of gel was empty. He dashed into his room. There was no way John was going to see Sherlock like this. A knock on his bedroom door started Sherlock.
Sherlock leaned back and stuttered, "Do you- Do you really think my deduction was brilliant?" John smiled and nodded. "Huh," Sherlock continued, "Most people just tell me to piss off."
John's face turned incredibly red at the comment. "Uh, t-thanks," he stuttered. Sherlock nodded happily. "One last kiss for the road?" John questioned. Sherlock smiled and stepped closer, wrapping his arms around the shorter boy's neck, and placing a soft kiss on his lips. Hands settled on Sherlock's hips once again and pulled him slightly closer. The sounds of screaming teens disappeared around them. They pulled apart gently.
. The doctor smiled up at the young man standing at the end of the table, "Just a plate of chips, please." The waiter nodded, his brown curls bouncing slightly, and turned on his heel to get their food. If Sherlock was distracted enough, and you got one of his favourites, you can get the detective to eat. They sat in silence for a bit. "Do you think she's smart?" John asked out of nowhere. Sherlock looked at him.
John used two fingers on his left hand to lift Sherlock's face to look back at him. "Well, you are cute. Especially like this," he commented. The other man glared, even though he was blushing. "Can I kiss you?" John asked. Sherlock immediately became a stuttering mess. He shifted uncomfortably in John's lap. John removed his hand from his face and placed it lightly on his bare shoulder, "Hey, it's alright. I won't."
Sherlock connected the two items, "To make this faster, I diffuser. Air drying would take hours. Tedious." He turned on the item to the lowest settings. "Again," He started as he pressed the claw against his scalp, "no heat. Only cold." They stood together as Sherlock worked. He moved the diffuser repeatedly until his hair was dry, which took a good fifteen minutes. "Now, for the last thing," the curly haired man said happily, "is shaking it so it all falls into place."
Olivia nodded. "Yes, it started roughly a month ago. I'm a barista at the moment and I was working a late shift and had to close up," she told them as John took notes, "It was minimal at first, I felt like someone was following me, but I thought it was just me being paranoid. Then my friends began to say that they kept seeing someone near me. At restaurants, clubs, my work, the tube."
"Right now," he said and he ran down the stairs. John gulped the rest of his drink down and followed him. Once he was out of the flat, John hopped into the cab Sherlock had called over. "Park's Diner," Sherlock said to the cabbie. The man nodded and pulled into the street.
The detective turned and walked out of the alleyway to call a cab. John gave a short, "Ta," before following him. They both climbed into the car and went back to Baker Street.
The next day, John was pacing the sitting room while he waited for Sherlock to emerge from his bedroom. They're supposed to leave in two minutes and Sherlock wasn't even ready yet! The soldier stomped over and banged on the door, "Hurry up, you git!"
"How about your forehead?" John suggested. Sherlock looked up at him as if he had just cured cancer. Like he couldn't think of something as simple as that. His mind must be more out of control than normal, John wondered. The detective nodded. A smile spreading across his face, the doctor moved some stray curls from Sherlock's forehead and pulled him close. His chest began to ache from how gently the kiss was. His lips barely pressed against Sherlock's forehead once, twice, then lingered a third time.
"We'll shower in the morning, honey," John yawned in reply. His kissed the top of his boyfriend's head and smoothed down the reckless curls. Maybe this could be one of the experiments John would be willing to participate in. If he survives the embarrassment of having to deal with hotel management in the morning.
The next day, Sherlock had found a case. A man's house had been robbed and only one thing had been taken - an old chain bracelet with an amethyst heart lined with silver hanging from the chain - a family heirloom. "That's all?" John asked as he played with Sherlock's hair on the couch after his boyfriend - boyfriend? Partner? They talked about kissing, not titles - had closed the laptop.
John turns to look out of the window again, they’ve pulled into a station and John can watch the faces on the platform on the other side of the glass as if watching a film playing for his own amusement: an old man and equally weathered looking golden retriever, a family: three boys under the age of ten and a harassed looking mother, a young woman with pink hair and a battered looking suitcase, a pretty brunette and her boyfriend, holding hands.
Sherlock finally looked up to see her holding his mobile out to him from the threshold. He dashed forward to snatch it from her.
Mycroft welcomed him into his life and his home with generously gracious acceptance and in turn Sherlock did his very best to avoid him at all costs. Something that wasn’t too difficult in the palatial apartment.
“He won’t say it.” She continues, “It’s not like him to go about expressing his feelings.” She repeats, “But if a man is willing to die for you, it says more than words.”
she had help,” Lestrade started again, “Then, all well and good. She can tell us. You can’t just leap to conclusions.”
“Do you really care?” Sherlock asked and John looked back up at his face, seeing the gentle smile there, “It saved my life.
“No.” His word freezes the step Sherlock had been preparing to take forward. “No,” Decisive. “God. No.”
“This isn’t any time to be existential.” John states as Sherlock’s hand moves with confident strokes.
“I’m a doctor,” He called out, moving through them, an irrational thought occurring to him that he should move closer. He could help if only he could move closer. “Let me come through,” He asked as the crowd parted slowly, “Let me come through, please.”
Autumn shifted to winter, the cold London nights drawing together and forming a backdrop for this year’s jolly Christmas lights.
“You’ll get better and you’ll write to me.” Sherlock’s voice was rough, and low, “That letter will change my life, though it will take me a while to work that out.”
The room made a small collective gasp, reacting in exactly the way Sherlock had predicted their mundane minds would. Molly however continued to blink calmly back at him.
“Cutting it a bit fine aren’t we?” John asks, attributing his own display of friendliness to his surprise on the sudden appearance of a stranger. Talking to a fellow traveller on a London train would usually be considered the height of social indiscretion; the stranger seems to know this and raises his eyebrows as he responds.
John checked his watch: 7:05pm. He wasn’t concerned, Sherlock didn’t strike him as the kind of person who was usually on time. But then again, with two years to wait…
“We don’t know a thing about each other.” John starts, throwing another glance to Mike as he does, “I don’t know your name. I don’t even know where we’re meeting.”
“I can’t remember,” John’s eyes are only on Sherlock. “You were there. I met you. You were in the park. With Mrs Hudson. You offered me a seat on the tube.”
Beside him Moriarty was silent. Perhaps he’d never expected it to be so easy, or that Sherlock would go so willingly for those he loved.
“Dr Watson,” There was a voice calling John’s name, one he already didn’t have time for, despite having barely started his shift.
John read it and looked around again; at the gloom of the hallway, at the stairs he’d climbed a hundred times, at the writing desk he’d barely acknowledged until the day he’d moved out.
“Yes.” Sherlock replies without urgency. John gets the impression he doesn’t want to share him just yet.
“Oh, only distantly,” Sherlock was putting on the airy tone he used when he was trying to hide the fact that he cared, deeply. “Friend of a friend. But he’ll need somewhere to stay when he’s back on his feet and I’ll need someone to look after my place while I’m away. Logical really. Just thought of it. We’d be doing each other a favour.”
Sherlock studied it for a moment before bending to retrieve it. It was obviously well read, and probably well loved. When he looked back to the train it had begun to move.
John didn’t reply, just pressed his lips together in the pale imitation of a smile. Then, nodding his thanks, he tried his hardest to leave with his head held high.
“This is ridiculous!” The man cried the moment he was in ear shot of the receptionist. Her gaze immediately sprang up to him with an edge of panic, “I cannot deal with this any longer!”
John can only look at him, before turning back to Lestrade: “Going back to the point for a moment, what does he believe?”
Sherlock was standing in the middle of a crime scene holding a piece of paper out in front of him. Police officers moved around him like he was a rock in the current.
John sat at the small dining table of his dull new flat, the pool of light from a desk lamp illuminating the contents of a shoebox spread out on the desk in front of him. He sifted through it all, searching for something.
A hand holds his on the bedclothes, the fingers laced through John’s in a manner that makes it difficult to tell at a glance which digits are his. Mind sluggish John actually has to run his eyes along the arm attached to the hand before he reaches the pale face of the owner: leaning forward with tense expectation in his wide eyes.
The moment it came to him he was heading toward the door, his hand already raised as he made it to the edge of the pavement. He told the cabbie to take him to St Bart’s.
Abruptly John stops dancing. Stops moving. His eyes searching something out from the stranger before him. The man looks back with a disconnected air of calm. Unapologetic.
“I know.” He said quickly, then: “I’d like to come,” He paused, trying to look like he wasn’t begging, “If I may?”
“Well then,” The length of her pause gave away her disappointment. He ignored it, peering instead at the mechanism of the door, it appeared to be jammed, he gave it a gentle shake. “Plenty of space to move about in.” She finished, finally.
Casting a quick glance at Mary, facing away from him in the bed, he padded from the room and into the kitchen, drawing the curtain more fully against the rain battering at the window and clicking on the kettle.
“Oh.” John concedes, mentally cursing the technology he’s yet to understand, “What can I do for you?”
John stands. Tripping a few paces away, eyes fixed on the figure sitting on the familiar coffee table, surrounded by the mundane. Scaring him.
The body wasn’t the only thing lying in the mud. Around the prone woman lay various objects: a badly broken violin bow, a rolling pin, the mashed remains of a conical flask, a magnifying glass.
“Yes.” The stranger says again, sitting back down whilst still leaning forward in the chair as far as it will allow.
“Greg!” Sherlock’s voice stopped him and he turned back, “You’re the only person in my life that carries handcuffs.” Sherlock said heavily, eyes full of meaning, “Look after yourself.”
The helicopter was above them now, the updraft created by the blades causing their hair and clothes to flap frantically around them.
“What…” John speaks, finally. That internal world splitting apart silently behind his eyes. All that pain. “What are you doing here?”
John paused and looked about him, the voice of the writer so real in his mind that it was as if the man had stepped from the page and sat beside him. He scanned down the rest of the letter, smiling to himself.
Looking back at the shelves he wondered at when Sherlock had left it there. When he came back to collect his things, perhaps? Or more recently? Or, a more tempting thought, had it always been there? Hiding amongst the others in plain sight as he had passed just three feet away every day, going about his life.
She doesn’t reply, just reaches out to pat his hand on the bedclothes. John can feel the ghost of other fingers there, gripping.
“I came to see how he was.” Sherlock said, a bit unnecessarily and Mike nodded once, stepping forward to stand closer to the bed and moving his gaze to the figure lying there.
“I suppose it is.” Sherlock tentatively takes the offered hand, “Sherlock.” He says resolutely. John can’t help noticing how cool those long fingers feel wrapped around his.
“No,” John replies bluntly. “But it might… come back,” He feels the need to reassure this stranger. “Memory loss after trauma is often temporary.”
“No, I…” She started to explain again. Then stopped, turning slowly to narrow her eyes at him. “Greg hasn’t sent you has he?”
The coat is on the floor now. Sherlock is all angles and sinew beneath it. John has to wonder idly how much that shirt is worth as he begins to push at it, desperate to see whether the immaculate skin of his face continues across his torso. He wants to feel it, to run his fingers and his lips across the contours and plains of it, tasting the differences in tone and texture.
It’s a hospital room, John realises slowly from his position propped up on the bed, a large one and private. Even with his mind muddled by sleep and memories he has to wonder what the special circumstances are that mean he’s here.
“Really,” John starts again “I am.” And as John says it he realises that he’s telling the truth, whatever it was has passed, his head is clearing. “I was just,” He pauses, unsure of how to describe it, “A little dizzy.”
John is weaving between stationary traffic to cross the street and has to stop suddenly against the wall of a cab that’s pulled up in front of him.
“I think...” Sherlock started, thoughts passing rapidly behind his eyes: abstract ideas, unspecified alternative options.
It is at this point that the catering trolley pushes alongside them in the aisle. The stranger’s attention is immediately pulled away from John’s gaping incomprehension.
“And you didn’t like to hear people saying those things about her?” Sherlock asked, uncharacteristically sympathetic.
They watch each other silently, John wondering quite where it will go from here. Until Sherlock nods slowly, a single tip of the head.
John doesn’t respond, just nods his assent and goes back to his contemplation of the striped patterns the sunlight has cast on the tabletop. The stranger seats himself in accordance to polite convention: dragging out the chair diagonally opposite and perching there.
John studies him, standing there, the sight of him across the room reminding him of a scene that never really happened.
Even through the heady fuzz of sex and music and alcohol John understands that this is too much. He draws back a little, seeing for the first time the man’s frame, the pallor of his skin, the deep hollows beneath his cheekbones. Through their touches John’s fingers move to the soft press of the man’s inner arm, pushing up at the sleeve of his shirt and dropping his eyes to the skin revealed.
For John realisation is a tidal surge, like being submerged slowly into a pool of warm water. The beer had freed his tongue, the rush of the case and the heady nearness of Sherlock had banished his nerves. He’s overstepped the mark, he’s said too much.
John seems to have lost his voice; instead he puts out a hand to gesture down the hospital corridor to his right.
He’d needed some friendly words, a glimmer of brightness in the mizzle. Instead he’d received a request.
Lestrade answers: “We believe that there are a number of markers in your wife’s case that match those of the other disappearances,”
For a moment he considered going up, seeing all those things in the same places, but just as quickly realised it was foolish, he had no connection here really. Only the friendship of a nice old woman.
“Stamford.” The figure says, hurrying toward John and offering a hand “Mike Stamford. We were at Bart’s together.”
It didn’t take long for John to realise that his facts favoured the macabre: the burial grounds, the crimes, the murders and unsolved mysteries of old.
“Did you?” Sherlock asks suddenly. Whirling to face him with a desperation that renders John speechless for a moment.
“Perhaps,” He started in a rush, and John stopped, “Perhaps I could, try and change your mind, about London?” Sherlock continued haltingly.
“Thank you,” He laughed, bashful in the face of such generosity, then he opened the door wider to let them through.
John rolls his eyes a little. That explains it. This is work. Does a consulting detective get put on call? Tired of being ignored John reaches his hands back to that pale waist above him. Sherlock shoots him a look, something akin to a grimace and John isn’t sure whether he’s reacting to John’s actions or the information he’s been given from the other end of the line.
This evening he did. The temperature around him rising subtly as he ascended; the stale air of a flat no longer lived in.
“He’s upping his game. He knows the first two were barely a challenge. He’s testing us. Testing me.”
Sticking to the edges of the room, he surveyed the small sea of faces around him carefully, moving through them without interacting.
He lay silent for a long time, regulating his breathing and staring up at the ceiling in an effort to extinguish the panic. The air in the room was heavy and liquid, threatening to drown.
The patient is tall and angular. Long limbs lashing out at bodies around him as three separate figures try and keep him on a gurney. The long dark coat he’s wearing only seems to complicate matters, billowing out threateningly when he moves his arms or legs.
Sherlock merely stared at him, eyes blazing, before dropping his shoulders in defeat and whirling that ridiculous coat as he made his retreat.
The puzzlement in John’s eyes was suddenly replaced with acknowledgement “Yes!” he laughed at his own memory, “Yes, I do,”
“Yes?” He snapped in response. He was tired and grouchy. The hot London days made his shoulder throb.
“I like your…” John said moving his hands in a vague gesture around his body in an effort to signal the tinsel that was currently wound around her neck,
The doctor moves forward, offering another question, producing a pen light from the top pocket of his scrubs and flashing it across Johns eyes, then asking another, touching the cold end of his stethoscope to John’s chest, then another and another.
“What can I get you sir?” It is the waitress that breaks the quiet. Addressing the stranger opposite John. She has pink hair.
For a long moment Sherlock watches him and John wonders whether he’s misread the situation completely.
"What way?” John asks. Feeling, rather than seeing, the shift in the bench as Sherlock stretches out, selfishly taking all the space. “The ‘being thrown in a cell and letting your mate make a fool of himself’ way?”
Sherlock was standing just outside the door of the staff room, contemplating a cigarette and wondering why he’d decided that today was the day he was going to try and be sociable.
“You really haven’t been trained for this.” The stranger purrs, an undertone of something like amusement.
“It’s fine,” He stepped forward and dropped his hands back onto her shoulders, “He wouldn’t risk making a move when you are so obviously protected.”
He found new ways to fill his time. He took up running. Not short, dramatic sprints like his days from the training barracks. But long, time-consuming, lung-burning slogs. Drowning pain in lactic acid as his eyes watched battered trainers slapping the pavement below him. Until the moment he’d look up from the tarmac and see the looming end of a familiar street and he’d realise that his tired feet and his tired lungs and his tired mind had brought him here. Here again. Every time.
Sherlock climbed into his, the officers confirming instructions before he was rushed in the opposite direction.
It wasn’t his brother. At this hour he’d be working or sleeping. Or possibly eating, Sherlock appended mentally, but there was no light from the kitchen.
It wasn’t until that moment however, blinking up at Mycroft, that all those strands of information started to coalesce. A single thought remained, and with it the tentative start of a plan.
They attempt the ascent slowly, myriad aches and pains in John’s body still causing him vague discomfort. His major outward hurts are healing: broken ribs knitting well, cuts gradually forming into scars, the leg taking a little longer; but showing signs of improvement. Inwardly he’s still tired however, vaguely out of sync with the rest of the world.
“Such a fuss, Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson was saying from the other side, but Sherlock wasn’t listening, already crowding her back into the house, making certain to put his own body between her and any view there was from the street.
“I think,” John starts again, “I think I would have been, if you’d turned up on the doorstep, like you planned.” John’s words are faltering as he tries to put together what it is he wants to say, looking inward. “But that never happened. A lot happened instead.”
“You died Sherlock!” John’s voice is too loud. Again. “You died! You fell and you died. I should know. I was there!”
The noise he makes on the stairs makes her look up, surprise on her face fading into that sing song smile.
Finally the cab drew up beside the blue lights of the police cars parked along the river front. Lestrade waved him over the moment he saw him.
Ignoring the shock on Molly’s face he turned and hurried away, transported briefly in his mind to that time two years ago, when he’d rushed this same distance. He was more sure on his feet now, no cane to slow him down, no crowd of people, no collective stare upwards.
“Thanks,” John says, smiling and moving forward to the fridge, “I think I will.” He retrieves a bottle and opens it, before turning back toward the sitting room. “Probably what I need if they want me to be more ‘
Abruptly Sherlock moved forward in his crouch, using the evidence bag he still held in his left hand to flick the edge of the lab coat back into place across the victim’s front. An ID was pinned to the pocket: NHS issue, laminated and bearing the image of Doctor Molly Hooper.
“Are you catching a train?” John asks to change the subject, accepting of the fact he seems to now have been drawn into a conversation.
“I’ve deduced it, most of it.” Sherlock says and John wonders whether the four weeks have been enough for his bruises to fade, for cuts to heal.
He blinks at the man in front of him: slim and angular, black hair and a pale face. Another blink and he can see the ghost of blonde hair, of wide shoulders and a military stance. Blink again and it’s a tall figure in a dark coat and blue scarf.
He opened his arms to her and pulled her to him. As he did so he realised that it was something he should have done the moment he walked through the door and, he was surprised to realise, not just for her reassurance.
“Wine please,” She answered quickly, so quickly it caused her to laugh nervously again, “White, dry, anything really.”
The doctor arrives within minutes. A young woman. Sensible clothes and a smart shirt rolled above the elbow, a stethoscope around her neck. She enters the room with a bright smile and an air of confidence, crossing immediately over to John and standing closer than anyone has done up until now.
“Unless I kill myself.” Sherlock supplied, opening his eyes again to look not at Moriarty but across at the raised lip of stone around the edge of the roof.
Covers. Floor. John pulls himself from the warmth of the sheets, finding a discarded pair of pyjama trousers and a t-shirt on the back of the chair beside the bed. He pulls them on as he wanders from the room. His bare feet descending the stairs.
But what he finds isn’t the face that he leant in to kiss. Sherlock has closed down, every feature guarded. John has seen this Sherlock before: cool, calm, professional. This is the Sherlock that meets clients, solves cases, navigates a confusing social world of human nature that he often doesn’t quite understand.
He flicked his gaze back to the monitors around John’s head, their rhythmic beeping strangely calming.
John watches him go for a long time, a tall figure in a long coat cutting a dramatic swathe through the throngs in the station. It’s not until that figure disappears from view that he realises he’s standing alone on a train platform, a heavy pack on his back and a far-away look on his face, watching a man he’d only just met on a train. And that his cane is still tucked ashamedly beside the seat he’d met him in.
“I didn’t like what the papers were saying about her, single girl, “out on the town”, all those rumours about other guys. Her publicist,” He heaped scorn on the word, “Kept saying that it was great press, that people were talking about her. Well I listened to that talk and, well… It was awful.”
“Lab is backed up,” She cut him off, knowing what he would ask. “Everyone’s getting ready for the party.”
“Thank you,” Angelo gives John his attention for a briefest moment before going back to the woman sitting opposite him, obviously expecting her to speak.
“He means,” Sherlock replies from behind him, “That most have been found. Others are still missing.”
“We need to find out why she did this, people don’t up and fake their own deaths for no good reason.” Lestrade explained slowly, as if speaking to a child.
“I don’t want to talk about details…” The end of John’s sentence hangs with the expectations of what else there is to talk about. Three feet, those books, those papers, those notes, Mrs Hudson’s nice wood floor and things unspoken.
John whirls around, as if the doorway will hold the answers to the questions his mind refuses to stop asking. Sherlock had stood there. In that doorway. All coat and cheekbones and collar. A red scarf. John didn’t know Sherlock owned a red scarf.
“I mean,” She stood and moved around the desk toward him. “Well, we’ve had a few… But n-nothing Greg’s been involved with…” She continued, clearly believing she was the one that was mistaken.
Sherlock wasn't about to lose, so he moaned, "John, please," into his ear while rutting against him. John grunted, then shifted to kiss his boyfriend.
He even looked more debauched than before, which made John feel indiscribable smug. There weren’t much people who could claim that they could make the great Sherlock Holmes come undone like that.
Then, as casually and as graceful as one with a shit-eating grin plastered to their face could, Sherlock draped himself against the doorframe. He studied John’s impression of a fish out of the water bemused. “Don’t think in such a language, John, there is a child present”. Right. ‘Get out of my fucking head’, John wanted to say. Instead, his mouth made an adventurous attempt to get to the core of the situation: “I….. you.. I mean
Fine, then, if John decided to treat him like a child, then he would respond to the situation like a child. So, Sherlock did was he could do best. Snap icily. “There was nothing to worry about, I was doing just fine” John fixated him with an unbelieving expression and for the split of a second Sherlock actually believed the doctor would come over and slap him across the face.
In that very moment, not only Mrs. Hudson re-enters the kitchen, she also has Sherlock and Rosie in tow (it’s like a scene from a really bad romantic comedy, John thinks to himself).
With a mildly annoyed groan, he eyed the sleeping figure of his object of desperation(/desire). Sherlock still happily snored on without a care in the world. The doctor felt his annoyance crumble almost instantly. How, for the love of God, how could a grown-up, crime hunting, more-brain-than-person lunatic be so adorable? John smiled warmly at his best friend, stretched and ruffled the mop of dark curls. The detective made a little mewling sound after being touched so gently, but didn't stir or wake. "You're gonna be the death of me," he mumbled affectionate before he left the room quietly.
collection, so John must have snatched them from him) and ‘dumped’ the napping Rosie on his doctor’s stomach.
Apparently, it was all it took to get Sherlock going: “Really, I though you were smarter than that. Do you seriously believe that I’m doing this just for you, because I feel
But Mycroft had proven himself to be a good man. Probably a better man than most of the self-declared saviors and saints John had met during his years as army captain and doctor. Just like Sherlock, the elder Holmes cared differently, but he cared, and if only for his little brother. John chewed his lower lip deep in thought as he remembered the scarring day at the asylum. Mycroft had been ready to die for him. No, not for him, but
With the hand that wasn’t occupied, he fished his phone out of the pocket of his jacket and began to clumsily type a short message: ‘Rosie’s missing you terribly (He decided to add ‘And me, too’ would sound a tad too pathetic).  Home, soon? – JW’ He didn’t even lock his screen, when a reply buzzed in. John tried to ignore the tickling feeling in his stomach at having Sherlock’s attention; but he just couldn’t help himself. He was utterly in love with this madman. The smile on his face faltered when he only got a GPS point as reply. It would take around 10 minutes with a cab from their current location on the pavement. Really, Sherlock? Really? Bring a toddler to a crime scene. What a brilliant idea. Father of the fucking year.
“I…I..I didn’t…” He sucked in a sharp breath. Greg felt almost bad for exposing the vulnerable genius to all these complex emotions.
"You might be a professional but, let me ask you Doctor- he glanced down at the small name-tag on John's clipboard- "Watson. Do you have any children?"
Of course, Sherlock picked up the clues of his mental state (crooked stance due to returning phantom pain in bad leg, aching shoulder, tense expression, paler complexion, tremors), but discretely closed his eyes before he could get into deduction mood. He did it for him, John appreciated it; he appreciated the illusion of privacy it gave him.
Hair-Loving Guy claps his hands in enthusiastic approval. “Yes! A little princess only turns two once in her life! She deserves to party like the gorgeous queen she will become!”
“Do you even think about me when you do stuff like this? When you say the things you say? I am the one who always gets bruised and left behind; how do you fucking think I would cope if I lost you again?!”
“Sherlock however…,” he trailed off; and really, that was all the information Greg needed. Sherlock Holmes wasn’t exactly a ray of sunshine.
John’s quiet laugh feels warm and familiar against the idle sound of their knives scraping against the cutting boards.
“Doesn’t matter if you’re straight, gay, bi, or anything in between (Here, John starts to feel really bad for being so touchy about his sexuality with Bobby. Without a doubt, he must have told the other guys and he can’t help wondering if they secretly think less of him now) you’re not blind.”
Tan catches his eyes in the mirror while he drapes a night blue bomber-jacket over the marine-colored jumper (“Because jumpers can be your friends, just not the sad specimens living in your closet”) and smiles approvingly at John’s obvious excitement.
John stared dumfounded as his best friend dashed past him, right through the open door of the house. It took him 11 seconds to bring the pieces of information together (He practically heard Sherlock sneering in his ear about the slow rate of his brain performance). When realization finally hit him, he was momentarily frozen at spot. Mentally ill girl, bringing a lot of pain upon her family, hurting her brother's friends... it all sounded awfully familiar. It took John another 15 seconds to wrap his head around the mess this case created, before he hurried right after Sherlock, cursing himself for being so daft. After all, it had been a long time coming.
to be intimate with him. John managed to shed his initial tentativeness, now trying in earnest to show off his skills- he was a bloody fantastic kisser, as he’d been told- to make the detective’s knees go weak. Judging by the way the younger man’s back was trembling lightly and his breathing elaborated, he was doing a pretty decent job.
It’s hard to voice everything that’s whirling around in his mind right now; words don’t seem sufficient for the overflow of emotion that’s happening in his heart. And maybe it would be too soon. Maybe he should figure this out more.
The second was long enough that he lost sight of Sherlock, who seated himself against the bar to wait (for he
.’ Otherwise surely strangely flattered by the sentiment, Sherlock now wanted to bang his head against the wall. He hadn’t meant it like
Starting the New Year off strong with another chapter! Hope you spent the first day of the New Year as content as I did.
The triumph on Mycroft’s face lasted only a second, before it made way to a concerned frown. “Is my brother… alright?” John sucked in a deep breath. Well, here goes nothing.
. 'No" he wanted to say, but his voice didn't leave his lips. Instead, a strong punch of East Wind hit the air right out of his lungs. "I have John" He wouldn't die here alone (he heard screaming. Was he screaming?). The pressure on his torso intensified, as if someone was holding him (John? John...) He clung to the heavy sensation like one would cling to a lifebelt in the middle of the ocean.
A choked-up sound pulled him out of his mind. John covered his face with his hands in an attempt to muffle his wet sobs. He was not really succeeding.
John, despite everything, fights a small smile. Their enthusiasm about everything is so…. Overwhelming. Yet it’s genuine enough that he’s already starting to like them. Sherlock would be a tougher nut to knack, though. He suppresses a shudder and vows himself to intervene should any of them want to interact with Sherlock alone. He wasn’t ready for that kind of damage control.
in sweat, while his blogger shivered violently. His gaze never left Sherlock’s frame, until the detective stood right next to his hunched-over form. The moonlight illuminated Sherlock’s features. John’s gaze darted from the tea in his best friend’s hand, to the purple bruise on his jaw. Seeing the injury, he had caused must have been the final straw; before Sherlock could anticipate what was happening, John’s eyes welled up with tears.
When he smelled the faint honey aroma of Sherlock's posh 30-quid shampoo, he finally remembered the events from the day before. Instantly, he turned, expecting the bed to be empty since Sherlock probably fled in shame because of yesterday’s vulnerability, but was surprised to find the other side of the bed still occupied.
“I don’t like it when you downgrade yourself like that, John. It’s awfully mundane and stupid. We both know you’re above that.”
As if reading his thoughts, Sherlock suddenly asked, quietly, knowingly. “Do you think I pity you?”  John tensed, and really, that was all the answer that was needed.
The colors bring out his eyes and the tone of his skin, the cuts compliment his body, the styles take at least ten years off of him.
He flexed his un-Sherlocked hand, once, twice and breathed in the patterns his therapist advised him. He felt Sherlock squeeze his hand shyly, in a silent question. John squeezed back with a half-smile and felt his heart swell a little.
Blonde Guy… Bobby (ha!) talks to him about interior design. John’s not an expert and he tries his best to follow, but as the implications of what they’re about to do dawn on him, he finds it harder and harder to pay attention.
“No” the baritone rumbled softly. “You’re not.” Maybe it was the mixture of a straight to the point deduction mixed with the gentleness of a voice solely reserved for their quiet family life that did it. John felt something inside him
more than he had in years and he was utterly overwhelmed by it. Just when he thought he would have a grip of control over the situation, another aspect he hadn’t considered before surfaced and then he couldn’t
The doctor smiled a little more to himself when he put sugar in Sherlock's mug and some milk in his own. He would invite Greg for some pints once Sherlock was better.
"John" he whimpered and slacked against the strong body of the smaller man like dead weight. He felt utterly cold and shaking terribly, but her voice was no longer in his mind. Slowly, his mind came back online (Case, late spring, probably around 6 in the evening, approximately a 20 minutes’ drive away from Baker Street, trauma-induced anxiety attack). Breathing irrationally hurt, but he tried it anyway for John's sake. There was a dull pain in his temples and the faint taste of bile in his mouth; but frankly it didn't matter, because it was real.
John frowns, trying to remember the last time somebody had called him attractive. What an absurd concept.
“I was just angry, Sherlock” he sighed, smoothing the scrunched-up worry lines on Sherlock’s forehead. “You keep leaving me behind –“
“I’m fine” another nervous throat clearance. “Well, it’s getting rather late, I’ll just be getting Rosie and head home-“ The doctor turned and was already cursing his cowardice, his insecurities and his general behaviour, when strong hands on his shoulders held him back. Surprised, the doctor looked up and met a concerned pair of eyes.
Sherlock had been teetering on the edge of a frankly spectacular orgasm for the last ten minutes. It had never felt like this when he had done this by himself- it was an intense tingling, lingering in his spine, and limps, and chest, combined with sparks of warmth every now and then, pulling right at his abdomen. He felt like he should probably be embarrassed about the needy noises he was making, yet it was a strain enough to keep himself from coming in his pants.
“You sure?” Greg interjected. “He looks like he’s quite enjoying himself” He pointed at the bar, where a very confused John Watson was faced with a very drunk Sherlock Holmes (for a lightweight like the detective just couldn’t hold his liquor), who was chatting charmingly with the annoyingly handsome barkeeper.
John was a sorry sight. The detective had never actually seen him have a nightmare, and now he sort of wished he hadn’t come up the stairs. The pictures (let alone the
It took a split-second for the genius’ brain to wrap around the meaning of those words. Greg could pinpoint the exact second when realization dawned on him. Sherlock’s expression crumbled. “What?” He gulped in some air.
So, he ignored the uneasiness bubbling around in his belly and stood, and showered, and made breakfast- all the while just teetering on the edge of a panic attack but willing it away with pure stubbornness. He didn’t have a shift at the surgery today (for this fact he was a tiny bit glad) and had just mentally prepared himself for pottering restlessly around the flat all morning, when his phone flashed with a new message:
What does one say in such a ridiculous situation? ‘Yes, I’ve been in a really bad place because you died- but hey! You’re back. Doesn’t matter anymore. I was just a little upset because you thought it had been easy for me and mentioned my dead wife’ God, what has his life come to?! “Sherlock-“
something, to show him how he felt; all this time the missing link had been right there, underneath his nose, and he had just been too blind to acknowledge it. All these little everyday things, things Sherlock did not bother with before, were meant to show that he
All the air in his lungs rushes out in a swift exhale and John feels light-headed again for the entirely wrong reasons. Maybe he’s about to fuck everything up. He rises from his sitting position and toys with the thought to escape from the hotel room never to return again.
John watches helplessly how their possessions get jostled about (if Sherlock realizes that they’re playing around with Billy the Skull, he will probably murder them) and commented on. The blonde guy (Bob…Bobby?) shouts visons about improved interior design to nobody (the camera, John presumes) while the athletic brunette (something with an ‘A’….) steals away to the kitchen.
Sherlock did stay up long after the rest of the Lestrade-Holmes-Watson family turned in for the night. He was eager to collect some rare plants he knew could best found in darkness, and John let him, with the promise that he would return before the sun was up again.
“Can we cut this short, Graham? I apologize if it puts you all at ease, and if you excuse us now, we’ll be off to-“
Up to the point where it didn’t. Lestrade had shushed them off into a cab (after John had broken his own “don’t giggle at crime scenes” rule), and it wasn’t until he realized the close proximity of the army doctor that he reached that point. He had been fine, and there hadn’t been any late night cuddles the last week, so he had been dealing pretty decently with the apparent….
. Immediately, his brain provided countless definitions of the term, analyzing everything that it entailed; while something constantly screamed faintly in the background- out of panic, joy, or confusion, Sherlock himself wasn’t even sure (all three, most likely).
like there’s no one else in the room. You can’t tell me that this attention doesn’t affect you at all.”
Not ever, and ever means ever since he had known this madman, had he heard him speak with such an amount of vulnerability and regret. John swallowed around the lump that suddenly formed in his throat. He couldn’t help but feel like this wasn’t only about the comment anymore.
There’s some more cluttering and a low thud, before the door is pulled open to reveal a very disheveled looking John Watson. A John Watson, who very much wasn’t prepared for five random guys plus two cameras to be staring him in the face (he vaguely remembers Greg’s off-handed comment that he nominated him for a make-over show and he vaguely remembers reading and discussing the production’s letter with Sherlock). Still, he wasn’t prepared for them catching him thoroughly unprepared. He would have combed his hair had he known he would be filmed that morning. Or shaven. Or
About three steps in the lake, at the part where the water was still shallow, stood Sherlock; but Mycroft wasn’t sure if it was the same man who stepped out of the car with them. All sulky pretence and billowing coats forgotten, Sherlock had his trouser legs rolled up to his knees, his dress-shirt was partly unbuttoned, and he had Rosie on his shoulders, who held onto his hair like it was the mane of a horse. He was busy pointing out the little fish Mycroft could make out from his spot some feet away.
If John wasn’t going to comment on this, then he wouldn’t be, either. He was aware that they passed the line of platonic friendship at some point, but he didn’t really understand the realm they currently walked in. All he knew it was fragile, and big, and so very
to kiss this idiot by the name of John Watson. An idiot, who was seemingly caught unaware by the change of emotion or simply embarrassed by it.
When the DI returned with two steaming mugs of terrible coffee, Sherlock abandoned his position on the couch and the case files in favour of pacing the room in long strides; muttering to himself while absent-mindedly rubbing the sleeve of his left arm (old habits die hard, Greg supposed). He looked frantic, panicked even, and Greg just knew an outbreak was inevitable.
On any other occasion, the doctor would have sighed and rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s straight-forwardness, but now it was strangely comforting, having the detective treat him like he always treated him; like John wasn’t a changed man because of this. Determined to answer, John realized that he still didn’t really know what to say. He was ashamed of being broken, ashamed of needing the comfort so dearly, ashamed of clinging to Sherlock like some child. Ashamed of being treated like a partner when he was anything but.
He closed his eyes and tried again- still, no light. Conclusion? Not his bedroom. He blinked, his mind still lulled in the drowsiness of one who had just awoken from his slumber. The first thing he heard was the chirping of birds reaching his ears. There was a tree in front of Sherlock's bedroom window, but no tree in front of his own. Conclusion? He was in Sherlock's bed. The realization made him slightly more alert, why was he in Sherlock's bedroom?
He hadn’t heard them enter the flat and spends thirty seconds to panic over the fact that Sherlock might have heard the whole thing (which was, all things considered, really not that big of a deal, but
“You know they are, twat. I’m thankful- I’m sorry if I never say it- so so thankful for everything that you’re doing. You-“ there he hesitated, but decided to better lay it all bare now that he worked up the courage to say it out loud- “you’re no longer falling in my dreams.”
Sherlock and Mycroft shared an amused look, when Greg added (not even looking up from his book) “And don’t get lost.”
“Sherlock? Hey…” the chaos came to an abrupt halt when warm hands turned his head and he met ocean blue eyes. “Back with me, yeah?”
He would never admit it out loud, but he felt highly intrigued by his doctor's tempter. The moment John Watson got lot in his own passions, every fiber of his form radiated power and dominance; a dominance Sherlock never thought he could find appealing, yet when it came to the ex-army doctor it was very much so. So, he watched, with a rare bright smile as his friend's composure slowly crumbled. He loved seeing John come undone when he harbored powerful emotions. When he realized he had been more staring than actually observing, Sherlock scolded himself mentally. Stupid sentiment getting him all worked up even the morning after. Still...the intonation of John's voice made him feel...something.
John could cook (fairly well if he said so himself). Most of the time, take-out was just easier considering their fast-paced lifestyle. He obediently listens to Antoni’s gentle chiding about setting an example for healthy nutrition while carefully mixing the chopped-up berries with the already prepared whipped-cream.
His movements came to a standstill, when he felt something, someone, grip his hand with vigor. Surprised, John turned around again.
The merry Lestrade-Holmes-Watson team arrived at their assigned camp spot at the campground that Greg adored since he visited it with his girls, at least a decade ago. He held fond memories in this place and he was excited to make new ones with his new family.
He turned, overcome by the urge to bury his face in his friend’s shirt and wait for Sherlock to make everything
It was a long time coming. John had earnestly wished that his impeccable intuition concerning the human psyche failed him only this one time. He really, really had wished he would be mistaken. For Sherlock's sake (and maybe a tiny little bit for his own sake as well).
.’ Sherlock blinked a few times and replayed John’s statement from earlier, until everything clicked into place. John was upset, because he
Surprised by this turn of events, John queried some more: “You miss Sherlock, right?” A small nod.  Oh, fucking perfect! The cause of the problem turned out to be the solution as well. “I miss him, too, sweetheart” A small pause. Contemplating. Then: “Shall Daddy text him to ask if he has some time for us? If he comes home soon?”
? Sherlock managed to work himself in a state of disbelieving shock, so much so that he didn’t even register the term of endearment.
“Sherlock?” A curly head looked up with a kind of lost look on his face. Determined to follow this through, John grabbed the two sides of the open royal blue dressing-gown and tugged his friend down to his level. Luckily, he had the element of surprise going for him to cover up his nerves.  He let his lips hover a second over Sherlock’s, just feeling the warm breath of his detective hitch at their proximity. Oh, John was
It wasn’t the first time Sherlock ran off during a chase. It wasn’t the first time, despite vehement lectures and pleas to be cautious for once, that John found himself loosing track of a poorly armed detective wildly running after a serial killer/murderer/robber/general criminal scum. It wasn’t the first time the man seemed to ignore everything John valued (‘It’s about trust, Sherlock, damn it, stuff like this is dangerous as shit. There is a reason I come along!’) and left him behind without a second thought.
“Indeed” the older Holmes mumbled. John, now a little more at ease with asking personal questions, nodded towards the ring.
Antoni’s face has grown ashen and the poor guy looks like he might faint any minute. Karamo takes a precarious step forward, just to make sure.
Sherlock let out a pained groan and buried his face in his knees, closing himself in as far as possible. There were a few moments of silence and Greg thought awkwardly about what he was going to do if Sherlock actually had an emotional breakdown on his office carpet.
Rosie Watson was an incredible happy toddler. Smiling and laughing all day long, almost never causing a fuss (and God forbid if she was… that girl had temperament!), enjoying the world with her bright eyes filled with childish delight.  Her father, John Watson, was deeply thankful for every minute he got to spend with his little treasure. Sure, there were long days of surgery and cases, and endless nights where Rosie had to stay with her make-shift Nana Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock just turned his head, studying both men with his quiet, deductive expression. When he finally spoke, his voice lacked its usual bite: “Thank you. For what John said”
A thousand thoughts rushed in the detective’s mind, like being considerate and sweet, to tell John confidently that the sentiment was reciprocated- yet all he could do was look kind of sheepishly and let the doctor massage his back.
Stamping his negative emotions down as far as he could- because really, Sherlock acted just like a child who wanted to get his attention and he’d be dammed if he’d show him how much his little games were getting to him- and gently, but firmly, pulled his friend in a standing position.
“His daughter’s second birthday is coming up at the end of the week and John wants to throw a big party, although he hasn’t hosted any events in
Greg swallowed around the lump in his throat. Yep, here goes nothing. “Sherlock, listen. When you were gone-“ the young man made a face, but the DI dismissed any snide remarks with a sharp glare. “John was…… not fine” Well, that was the understatement of the century. “He had a hard time…. Getting over you. We all had, but John…” Some unwilling memories pushed themselves into his mind.
“Maybe you’re broken” he whispered close to John’s ear. “We both are. Doesn’t mean we can’t fix each other, right?”
And now Sherlock looks at him, with a small storm brewing in his eyes, but it’s not threatening- only wild and powerful, making them glow; almost radiant.
John eyed the ceiling some more and sighed eventually. He was being a silly old romantic again, wasn't he? But there was something about this damn Sherlock Holmes that made him weak. He spend enough time denying the blooming feelings in his chest (He called his glorious "not gay"-phase), and frankly he just grew tired of lying to himself after Sherlock had jumped off a fucking building. And now, he kind of acknowledged them, these strange, irrational, impossible feelings for his even stranger and even more impossible flatmate; but refused to show them. What would be the point of that, anyway? Sherlock wasn't interested.
"She's not sick" the husband spat. Anger and embarrassment rushed over his features. Very common for deniers. It would take a lot to break the father's shell, John realized wearily. So, he settled for straight forward attack.
he was to tell him. Which… he doesn’t know if that would be a smart move. It could have disastrous consequences (or it could have really great consequences).
. John always seemed to care. For others, for himself, for Sherlock's transport, his moods, his well-being.
Sherlock hummed, before burying his face comfortably in the space between John’s shoulder blades. The fabric of the doctor’s T-Shirt was soft against his cheeks and he sighed contently. It was his most favourite place, with John in his arms- John’s heartbeat against his palm that he pressed right above his heart- and John’s smell all around him, and Rosie pushing up against his other palm, still fast asleep, asking subconsciously for some head scratches. Sherlock obliged willingly.
“I’m sure they’ll be fine” his voice was rough with a fond adoration for the genius next to him. Sherlock Holmes really was something else. Sherlock eyed his hands thoughtfully.
He slowly gets an idea what it might mean. But then again, maybe that’s just wishful thinking. You never know with a man as unfathomable as Sherlock Holmes.
Maybe he was in love with Sherlock Holmes. Not that he would ever do something about it. After all, who in the world would want his broken parts?
Everybody’s pretty fed up when they finally install the camera at the front of the Fab 5 van, but Tan absolutely insisted on waiting until the weather cleared up, claiming like this, they’d get the “most gorgeous shots” of his home country. Tan can be pretty persistent about certain things and nobody in their right minds would dare to disagree with him (Bobby, though, points out the fact that it’s kind of hilarious that they had to wait three days for the rain to stop).
“I’m not that posh” Sherlock argued playfully. “I could compete with your filthy mouth any day” He bumped his shoulder against John’s gently. “Git”, he added, for good measure. Another giggle escaped John, but he gravitated into the point of contact, gratefully. The detective placed an arm around John’s shoulder and pulled him into his side.
“You know, for saving our lives. For keeping him safe when he was …. Away” The doctor cleared his throat. “I know it seems like it’s not appreciated, but…it is” John finished kind of lamely. It was quite obvious that genuine expressions of emotions also weren’t his strong suit. The condescending smirk on the politician’s face softened. “It’s a personal concern of mine, Doctor Watson.”
, John Watson had once again saved the day; he bought a big tub of mint ice-cream (his favorite), along with Sherlock’s (and tentatively Mycroft’s) requests. Just as he turned the key in the lock, he was met to the idly repetition of the planetary mnemonic, the one they taught children in pre-school. John bit down on his bottom lip to not laugh out loud; it was almost impossible to think of a Sherlock Holmes with actual knowledge about our solar system. He silently scooped up a huge serving for each of them, placing the bowls in front of the totally grown, but sometimes so delightfully childish men. He was just about to excuse himself off to his bedroom, suddenly feeling like an intruder to the intimate scene.
; something his self-destructive pride always opposed. A sense of relief filled him when he finally let go of the restraints he had set himself, for no apparent reason, other than he was able to.
"Mental illness and psychopathy develops early" he noted, careful to keep his voice soft and professional; but the woman wept none the less when he addressed the elephant in the room. "You should have had her tested at the first signs of... abnormal behavior"
"You don't have to be embarrassed to ask for these kind of things" John mumbled against the wild mop of curls, voice already slurred with sleep. "You idiot" he added, his tone warm with affection. Sherlock made a noise of protest (already a bit back to his old self), but John shushed him with a nudge of his chin against the slender shoulder blades.
John blinked a few times and waited patiently for Sherlock to work out what he wanted to say. The genius was kind of at a loss for words, because he huffed and bit his lower lip.
So, he falsely assumed The Work was a sentiment-free endeavor and carelessly pushed the warning signs of his body aside. He had to admit, he was new to this whole emotion idiocy- but even he had to see that he wasn't as sociopathic as he had hoped. Still, he refused to believe that emotions could influence one of the greatest minds in England. Puny chemicals, hormones, transport... was nothing he couldn't suppress. He has spent years living above these basal reflexes, he surely wouldn’t start to be driven by them at the age of thirty-four. Sherlock Holmes was above sentiment.
And at this very moment, when his daughter tried in earnest to contain the hitching sobs escaping her tightly closed lips, John felt his heart break a little. (Not that a crack could damage this very crisis proved heart of an unbelievably strong man who had endured enough loss and sorrow to last a lifetime. But the sheer fact that his Rosie was the cause made a papercut feel like a gunshot wound). The doctor closed his eyes for the split of a second to compose himself, before he tried to put on his brightest caring smile. It was forced. They both knew it.
And that's what he would be. A moment of arrogance made him grin slightly. He wouldn't forget the shocked expression on Mycroft’s usually icy complexion for as long as he lived.
Like their flat, where they would share occasional kisses and hugs- touches that came so surprising and sweet, they left John feeling breathless and giddy at the same time. He was in love.
This intense session of lamenting about his own complex emotional state and the inability to tell John’s motives increased until they almost happened every night. Most of the time, the doctor just left him to it, fondly shaking his head at the over-working genius (for he didn’t know that he was the subject Sherlock was contemplating) going to Sherlock’s / their bed alone (the most disappointing nights were those when he would wake up in the morning and find the space next to him still cold and unoccupied).
Lestrade let out a long-drawn sigh. “Don’t be. We are just wrapping up. T’was a rough one, but Sherlock was brilliant, as usual” John gave a curt nod, not really up for chats about the case or Sherlock’s brilliance. Lestrade, oblivious to John’s mood hummed quietly when he watched Sherlock talking to the giggling toddler. “He’s doing fantastic with this, would have never guessed it. The little lady is absolutely gone on him”
“Would you excuse us for a moment?” he asked, while he pushed Sherlock towards the small hallway leading to the toilets.
When he passes Hair Guy- Jonathan, he reminds himself- the usually bubbly man glances at him thoughtfully. “There’s no shame in being whatever you are, darling. All that toxic heterosexuality will only make you unhappy.”
, it will be great.” Greg took one hand off the wheel and reached behind John, to give his partner’s knee a gentle squeeze.
Rosie is, though, so she matches them in enthusiasm. She gurgles and waves at each of them, while they swarm around her like he’s the most precious thing in the room (which… she is). John thought Sherlock might vanish mysteriously as soon as they entered the flat (through the window to avoid an encounter, presumably) yet he stays right where he is, sipping his tea and pretending to read an article in a scientific journal, while deducing their houseguests quietly.
Sherlock was facing his naked toes and wiggled them sheepishly. The visible piece of his pale collarbone was tinted a light rosy. If John wouldn't know better, he'd say that Sherlock was embarrassed. But Sherlock was never embarrassed, right?
"Need I to remind you that Sherlock basically made me part of your wonderful family, dearest brother mine? Or shall I just start calling you petnames instead?"
John thinks to himself that he needs to sit down. But here he is, being hugged by, well. He will try to remember their names, he promises himself. Also, the bloke with the British accent has a point. He hasn’t been hugged this excessively in decades. He still tries to decide whether he likes it or not, when they’re all assembled around him in a circle.
"Good" he mused and patted the whirlwind of curls appreciately (Sherlock let out a small involuntary sound, John pretended not to notice).
John stares at the door. Rosie and Sherlock get along great; Sherlock spends a lot of time with her when no case is on (the evenings, when John returns from work and sees these two after a long day, are his favorite. Something about this kind of domesticity warms his heart).
. He comforted himself with the thought that his object of admiration would still be there when he came home that evening.
Shite. He had been so fucking confident about this one. And yet most likely so fucking wrong. But a soldier never backed down in the face of danger. Even if danger was the two most irritating people he knew stuffed together with him in a living room.
“Given the circumstances, and the presented new- and very promising- variable I’m willing to redeem my previous statement. We should give it a try”
It was a big house, the kind of house the newly rich used to appear sophisticated, when in reality all of these houses somehow looked the same. Rosie almost skipped at his side when the doctor pushed the dark wooden door open. The first thing he saw was the mess in the living room, the second was a quite exhausted-looking Lestrade leaning against a hideously expensive looking painting, the final was curly head of the one and only Sherlock Holmes. He didn’t bother to look around any further, for all his attention was at an instant focused on his partner.
Said duo of mischief-makers wandered off to scout the grounds, off to the lake that was located at one of the edges of the small wood. Mycroft wandered around for good fifteen minutes, lamenting the sad fate of his designer shoes which wouldn’t survive this trip unharmed.
But now that he thought about the semantic meanings behind his utterance, it became clearer by the second that John had taken a different interpretation route. ‘
The light, yet so calming familiarity of the politician’s posh tone, shook the graveness out of the atmosphere. They wouldn’t change. They would continue to bicker, Mycroft would continue to meddle, Sherlock would continue to sulk. Yet something small, something almost invisible to the untrained eye (luckily, John spoke “Holmesian” fluently), had shifted. It was lighter, lined with a mutual understanding, that despite the teasing and arguments, they cared. It always had been there, lingering just underneath the surface. Good things sometimes needed a little push in the right direction. Good thing, John Watson was brilliant at pushing.
He’s in high spirits this morning, so he can’t even bring himself to be embarrassed about Antoni’s (although he will always be stupidly handsome super-model Kitchen guy in his mind) straightforward observation.
me’), but the outburst of temper usually didn’t last long enough to ruin his mood for the rest of the day. It was true, John was mostly contend with his life. He had a job he liked, a daughter whom he loved, and a partner who made him ridiculously happy; what could possibly make him upset enough to have a bad day?
. Of course, it wasn’t that easy. They both knew it. But it was a start, a start they both needed, and a sweet promise of a future that didn’t look so lonely anymore. The old wound would still need some time to heal, but they weren’t in a rush. They had the rest of their lives, as far as Sherlock was concerned. Not, that he’d ever admit something so shockingly personal. At least, not right now.
"Alright, now you're just using fancy French words to annoy me, right?" John suddenly turned, facing the half-opened door. Sherlock made some panicked movements away from the door (finding him eavesdropping would not amuse John; and Sherlock wasn't so fond of John's fits of passion when he was at the receiving end). Regardless, he always seemed to underestimate the doctor's soldier reflexes, as John had already established eye contact before Sherlock could fully hide in the shadows. The detective cursed at himself for his miscalculation and mentally prepared for a sour-mooded John for the rest of the morning. To his great surprise, his friend only smiled at him and trotted lazily to his door, while Mycroft seemed to ramble on.
During their drive to some unknown destination, Karamo engages John in light small talk about his time in the army, marriage, and parenthood. More self-conscious about the camera casually sitting at the dashboard, John gives truthful but slightly less emotional answers than he had when he and Antoni talked about Sherlock. It mostly boils down to the army being hard but his job as a doctor being worth it, marriage having been hard but worth the experience (he carefully emits the part where Mary shot Sherlock), and parenthood being hard, but Rosie making it all worth it.
- form with his eyes. He stumbled in the hallway and down the stairs on auto-pilot, went to the kitchen to make two cups of tea. While the kettle started to boil, he allowed himself to sink against the counter and let out a few dry sobs.
in all these years they had known each other, he had seen John cry. He had seen him screaming, and shouting, mourning, and devastated. But never did he see him break down like that. John
hard about the presented social paradox. The concentration written all over his face made him look quite adorable in John’s opinion.
They wrapped up the case early on a Thursday evening. Sherlock had been brilliant, and bustling, and generally high on his own brilliancy. If there would ever be anything Sherlock Holmes would never grow tired of, it would be hearing himself talk.
“That’s the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard, I am Sherlock Holmes, I don’t crush on actors like some kind of- “
“Excuse me?” Sherlock waved with his hand, but he felt his focus shift away from the case to matters of to heart, and to his argument with John.
Because right then, John Watson reached his limit. Maybe it was kind of pathetic to rely on Sherlock so much, but he consoled himself with the fact that Sherlock would have probably starved himself by accident if John wasn’t around to feed him. They shared a close relationship of mutual reliance – a symbiosis if you will – that came with certain responsibilities. Alright, maybe not ‘responsibilities’, but still. Sometimes, John wanted Sherlock to be there, missed him dearly when he was gone and felt strangely empty whenever his other half wasn’t by his side. Today he decided, was one of those days. The anger vanished and was replaced by a deep and nagging longing for the best hugs in the world, provided by one lanky detective. A breathy gasp pulled the doctor out of his head and back into the current state of events. Rosie’s lips quivered in an attempt to form words without sobs and failed quite spectacularly.
“But” Sherlock bit his lip, fumbled with his hands. “It’s past Rosie’s bedtime; but she needs her bedtime story and John just can’t do the voices right. I have to go home”
He was quiet the whole drive back to the yard. Sherlock caught the suspect, of course. Unfortunately, said suspect was armed and not very happy with the change of events, so Lestrade and his team arrived just on time to keep the man from stabbing the arrogant, unarmed so-called genius right in his arrogant, unprotected gut. Sherlock, of fucking course, seemed oblivious to John’s sour mood. He actually had the indecency to bicker the whole way about the “unnecessary interruption”, for he, the great wonderful all-knowing Sherlock fucking Holmes had everything under fucking control. Control, the only thing holding a very angry army doctor back of slapping this insufferable asshole next to him, partner or not. John Watson was a patient man. Sherlock Holmes was extraordinarily good in wearing this patience thin.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and nodded, "Yes. I am. This is John Watson, and you are Jack Montenegro. We all know each other, now tell us about Zoey. What's her plan?"
John ran out of the restaurant, the sounds of the bartender yelling about payment fading behind him as he made it out to the street. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. Car horns echoed in pretest as the getaway car weaved through traffic. John turned to the woman who had screamed. "Who was taken?" he asked. He knew the answer, just didn't want to accept it.
Sherlock glared at him, "Of course he cares, did you not see him wince? We need to work on your observation skills." John was about to yell at him when Sherlock turned back to the other man, "Do you still have the recordings?"
He kept glancing at the two while he grabbed something from the bar. John assumed Olivia kept looking over Sherlock's shoulder because he turned to look at the entrance where her 'stalker' was. She quickly grabbed his right arm softly to keep him looking at her. Sherlock seemed a little surprised but then ran his own hand down her arm. Her partner tensed his jaw nervously and took a seat at the end of the bar. He was fiddling with the sleeve of his dark blue sweatshirt.
Sherlock, obviously a little shocked by the question, looked back at him, "That, uh, not really my area," he whispered.
John's head popped up from the picture and looked between the woman and his flatmate. She pointed her chest closer to Sherlock, her voice slightly higher, and her face softer. Sherlock, on the other hand, made his expression and body language more open. Olivia gently pushed some hair behind her ear and looked down softly. The detective responded by flicking his eyes to her lips.
Sherlock fell back on the couch in his 'mind palace' pose, as John calls it, his hands coming up to rest under his chin. "If you're asking if she
John wasn't the best at hiding how much he hated that she saw the detective as a pay raise. After Sherlock read the text out loud, he looked at John and told him to stop making
It's not a secret that John was protective of Sherlock, even more so after the whole Mary debacle. After his lying and cheating wife disappeared, with the baby no less, John started to keep his eye on the other man even more. John didn't want to admit it, but he was silently waiting for Sherlock to leave him for a final time. He didn't
A few weeks had passed since the couple agreed to try… different things. John insisted they set some ground rules and think of a safe word. "Something that doesn't come up in normal conversation. Short and quick," he suggested. Sherlock had just whined. "Alright, how about, uh, glow cloud?" John tried. Sherlock had looked at him like he had grown a third eye on his forehead, but soon agreed to just end the conversation to get to, uh, other things.
none the less. And Mycroft alone was annoying enough, but Mycroft in combination with Sherlock was more than John's poor nerves could bear most of the time. God, that was a shit idea. God, it probably was one of the worst one's John's gut had had so far!
Now, John Watson never considered himself a man of labels. Straight, gay, bisexual, what did it matter? Love whoever you like, as long as you’re happy. He had chosen his partners likewise, male or female, for all of his life. Then Sherlock happened an everything became complicated. For Sherlock was the embodiment of what one would call “complicated” and John strangely found himself attracted to Sherlock’s quirkiness. Others deemed him insane, but the sneers, the experiments, even the body parts didn’t bother him. Instead he found it endearing. Sherlock was just… Sherlock. Possibly the most authentic person John had ever met, and if John Watson fell for one thing, it was a, authentic personality. And a rush of adrenalin. And dashing looks. All three were provided by the lanky detective, who just as well happened to throw himself very forceful out of his league (“Married to my work”), forceful enough for John to never try to start… something. Forceful enough that John felt bad for even considering these feelings and politely locked them away in the darkest corner of his mind, to never be thought again. Still, all of his other dates had since blushed in comparison with the genius who waited for him at home. Oh, and then he got married to a fucking assassin who had shot the man he was so madly gone for in the chest. John Watson really had his way with the ladies. When the years rushed by, many things changed. They changed, but somehow managed to stay close, become closer even, despite all the fucking odds. They were together at Baker Street at last, after all. The only home John had ever known in London. And it was all thanks to the insufferable bastard who had the nerve to kiss him in the doorway on a Wednesday morning.
He had to smile a little bit. Ever since he got Sherlock over the drugs, him and the older Holmes brother were on friendly terms; Greg would even go as far as to call them some sort of friends (you never know with a Holmes) and sometimes he would catch himself flirting a little bit. He couldn’t help himself. There was something about the politician that he found attractive.
“We’re off to some more fun. Did you know that there are at least four kinds of wild bees living in these woods? We saw-“
The aftermath, however, turned out completely different than Sherlock had anticipated. Truth be told, he didn’t really think past the ‘wake John up’ bit. His brain was completely offline, every other cell of his being concentrated on getting his best friend out of his nightmare. His brain didn’t tell him to approach the doctor, his heart did. And his heart, apparently, was an idiot. A little voice in the back of his head told him as much, and it actually came as no surprise. He sort of anticipated John wouldn’t react well. However, he didn’t anticipate him to take it this bad.
After some seconds of emotional kissing, Sherlock placed his forehead gently against John’s and ran his fingers through the older man’s hair. The gesture was so tender and so intimate, that the doctor’s pulse sped up immediately. This. He had been waiting for this all week. Sherlock. Sherlock and his gentle ways he never thought he could have; Sherlock and the connection he didn’t thing he would share with anyone; Sherlock and his velvet baritone and warm hugs; Sherlock being
He finds it easy to answer questions about Rosie’s nursery, things like what colors and flowers she likes. When the topic switches to the more lived-in areas, John gets hung up on memories. Practically ever corner in 221B is riddled with them- some good, some even fantastic, some devastating, some down-right anguishing. It’s like his whole life after the war has played out in this flat.
Lestrade caught the frantic look in the younger man’s eyes, before said man tried to storm past him, to follow his partner into the night. Lestrade caught his sleeve and pulled him back forcefully. This would be a long evening. Sherlock gave the detective a wild look, as if he was responsible for this mess. Greg was unfazed.
It’s a crisis over the whole “I’m not gay” thing, which feels like an uncalled-for defense mechanism the more he thinks about it. Defending him against what, exactly?
The day where he witnessed Sherlock Holmes, self-declared sociopath and general git, pulling his brother Mycroft Holmes, condescending politician with a dislike for people, into a hug.
“Thanks for deserting me, git,” the doctor replies just as quietly, but the insult is lost in a smile. Sherlock does that to him, these days.
Tea, and crimes, weird experiments, and body parts in fridges. Take-away and crap telly, and giggles at crime scenes, and shared smiles. The doctor loved it. He loved every single second of it.  John was
Sherlock felt his voice made a gurgling noise- why couldn't he remember the damn name?! His only friend- DEAD, DEAD because of her, because he had let her, because he allowed himself to love someone else. People DIED because of him. HE destroyed lives. Next to the destroyed remains of his mind’s secure system, he stumbled over abysses, abysses which had always been there, but usually the remained neatly tucked away in a shabby corner named “
John would have never guessed that Sherlock could dance like that. He also would have never guessed that Sherlock could laugh like that; that Sherlock could so genuinely enjoy himself like he did at the wedding.
way because the detective deduced it. He tried to encourage John to open up about those times, though. John never did.
“What the fuck was that? Why the fuck did you run off again? Why, for the love of fucking GOD, can’t you stop throwing yourself in the position of almost getting killed?!”
"You don't have to tell me anything. Just know that if you want to talk, I'm here, yeah?" He felt Sherlock's lips move quietly against the crook of his neck. It was more of a mumble, a small sound of appreciation, but it was enough for John to make sure Sherlock understood. Another hour passed, where they stayed, absorbed into their own thoughts and still deep in the embrace, when Sherlock stifled a yawn.
Greg sighed. The increased desperation in Sherlock’s voice was tugging at his heartstrings. “Rows happen. That’s part of the deal”
The smile on Rosie’s face when she showed him what he assumed to be a fair effort of creating slime, though was unbeatable. John was smiling as well, looking absolutely wrecked, but at the same time very pleased with himself. Sherlock came home just in time for Rosie’s afternoon nap, so he took it upon himself to give her a quick wash and read her a little story to lure her to sleep. Not even ten minutes later, Rosie was out like a light; and Sherlock returned to the kitchen, to possibly help his partner with the damage control.
John sank down into the passenger’s seat heavily, while Greg strapped Rosie in securely. The doctor closed his eyes for a brief second, before he addressed the open door.
“What about him?” he asks airy, hoping that the squeak in his voice is just a trick of his own imagination.
He was aware they had forced him to delete her. They knew he could delete things; he had been extraordinary right from the beginning on. Psychology was an extraordinary force, with powers most people don’t even begin to grasp. Sherlock grasped it. He understood. But for the first time in all of his life, he had no desire to find out how the process had taken place whatsoever. All he knew (and felt safe knowing) he hadn’t wanted to forget, but they made him and the child inside of him didn’t know how and felt utterly betrayed, especially by his brother. Although they never were best friends, Sherlock guessed they must have been closer (according to the few fragmented memories of a time before the void and the way Mycroft kept saving his life.) Mycroft had always strangely valued his life (out of guilt, pure egoistic reasons. He couldn’t care for him. He was the one who taught him NOT to care), even in times when Sherlock didn’t care about it, times where the prospect of dying was a welcome relief to the prospect of living another day. Times where he desperately tried to fill the black voids in his mind with
His friend just looks at him with an arched eyebrow but doesn’t say anything. John’s already used to the evenings where Sherlock is mostly non-verbal, and the friendly silence isn’t unwelcomed today. It settles the loud thoughts in John’s head.
him like that. But this. This was different. The past times, John always had had some resemblance of control over himself. This John, however, had no control. This John was like a frightened animal, defending itself. Unwillingly, Sherlock remembered that John was more than capable of killing a man with his bare hands. The utter fear and guilt in the doctor’s gaze told him he remembered it, too. Not that he was afraid of his best friend, not by far. But John was a dangerous man. And Sherlock had made the mistake of underestimating him.
He wasn’t good enough for this. He couldn’t handle this. He had failed. He failed Mary and he failed his daughter. He felt the echo of the pain in his leg return to him, reminding him of all the other things he had failed at in his lifetime. His hands were shaking violently now. He tried to calm his breathing before he worked himself up into an anxiety attack, the kind of which he had when his PTSD dominated his life. ‘You’re the adult here' he tried to remind himself. ‘You’re in charge. She
Carefully, he tried opening one sore eye and cherished the harsh evening sunlight that greeted his sensitive pupils. Tears embarrassingly streamed down his clenching face, but even Sherlock's ego suffered such a great shock that he momentarily forget to care about his pride. He hid his face in the crook of John's neck and inhaled deeply (wool jumper, old leather jacket, Earl Grey, Tesco soap, sweat, and
Then, quietly: “Greg” It wasn’t the fact that Sherlock used his correct name, he knew that the detective knew it and was just messing with him most of the time; it was the vulnerable tone that made Greg’s heart clench a little. It was easy to forget over his general well… Sherlock-ness, but Greg cared about this damn idiot.
John arrived at the scene just on time to watch Sherlock empty the contents of his stomach over a bunch of flowers. His professional doctor instincts kicked in instantly, although he was terribly worried about Sherlock (and scolded himself a little bit for letting the situation escalate this far, after all, he should have known). He announced his presence loudly, but his friend didn't seem to hear him. Carefully, he placed a warm and on the detective's exposed neck (skin ice cold, wet with sweat, obvious goosebumps). He applied a gentle pressure on a calming reflex zone, until the barfing noises ceased and gave way to hurried breathes. Sherlock didn't look at him, he heaved and held onto the wall for his dear life. Blood and dried pieces of paint dripped from his spastically clenching and unclenching hands.
“As soon as I can, love” John felt a tiny bit daring, throwing around endearments ten minutes into this new relationship, but the smile that lid up his best friend’s whole face at the praise was definitely worth it. John couldn’t help himself, he placed another kiss on this cupid bow, first appointment be damned, before he dashed out of the door. When he had jogged down the flight of 17 stairs, he hesitated at the front door, and turned around one last time.
“I’m not sure,” he finally says, tone carefully neutral. “As I’ve gathered, it’s supposed to be an occasion solely reserved for the children’s caretakers. I don’t want to impose myself upon it.”
Rosie’s eyes were dropping by the minute- Greg and John took her swimming after her little nap, joined later on by a pair of very excited Holmes brothers (they really,
John's eyes softened momentarily, when he replied with his standard gaze ('It's all fine'). What was new however, was the arm that stretched out to ruffle his curls. Sherlock's treacherous body reacted instantly and a soft sound of surprise and delight left his lips before he could stop it. Almost humiliated, he looked away, but made no effort to move his head away from his friend's palm.
And John shouldn’t feel so bloody miserable about it. But as he tried to take the hand of a wailing, complaining toddler, who stomped with her feet and refused to walk more than two steps at a time, he felt bloody miserable about it. They were a team, God damn it, and he was once again left alone to deal with everything. The moments of self-doubt were rare, almost extinct since he entered his relationship with Sherlock, but when they occurred, they caught him off guard. Ever since his partner discovered the crack in his self-conscious, he methodically and considerately showed the doctor that there wasn’t one tiny inch of him that wasn’t worth being proud of – from the soft bit of stomach growing again, to his abilities as a father. But lately his partner wasn’t there to assure him (not that he needed assurance of anything, he was John Watson, thank you very much! A tiny bit of approval, that was all. Didn’t he praise Sherlock all the time? Wasn’t it naturally to wish for
He doesn’t really know why he said that, why he presumed that Sherlock should be interested in the attractiveness-level of his clothing, but the smirk he gets in reply is strangely rewarding and grounding at the same time.
The doctor stopped the movement of his mug abruptly when he remembered that call he promised himself he would make. Now, after sleeping a night over the matter, he still found himself determined to call Mycroft. He didn't actually know why exactly, really. Nobody on the whole planet called the elder Holmes brother voluntarily. When John had had the thought, he was angry and planned on voicing his anger to Mycroft. But now, he wasn't as angry anymore, instead he thought.
There was something about him- something that made the usually stoic detective breathless and emotional, something that made him want to fall onto his knees and promise the world to this wonderful human being.
“And I want to catch up with Greg” John smiled softly, signaling Sherlock that he didn’t mean harm in his objection. But also that he wouldn’t budge. Although he loved seeing Sherlock this clingy, this excited to be with him; he’d need to establish boundaries, or else Sherlock would think he’d get what he wanted if he just pulled the emotional card on John. Not that he was already trying and succeeding this most of the time, but the doctor liked to think he would get some resemblance of control over the situation.
Anger flared up inside him- sure, Sherlock had the right to be annoyed at him for being a little ruff with him, but downright throwing himself into the arms of another man? Seriously? What the
Without further ado, he bent closer to the trembling figure- surprised as the teacup was knocked out of his hand, soaking the sheets completely, with the force of John’s sudden movement. He nothing but threw himself into the detective’s arms. It was messy- there’s tea, and snot, and sweat- it was also awkward- Sherlock is half kneeling on the bed to keep himself upright, while John buried his face against his friend’s neck while his hands clung frantically onto Sherlock’s dress shirt. The shirt Sherlock noted absently, dampened rapidly from a mixture of sweat and tears.
eyes flashed in front of his inner eye and he had to shake his head violently to get rid of the image. No, this was WORK, this wasn't Baker Street; he couldn't allow this sickening feeling into his system, they were reserved for solitude, for isolation, for the shelter of his bedroom when John was soundly asleep just one floor above and- There it was it again.
inside. Without Mary, he could get by. Even Rosie could by, even if it was tragic and unfair that she had to.
“I don’t think so” he answered gently. The younger man finally took his hands away from his eyes. They were huge and watery.
- and almost spilled hot water all over himself. He cursed, silently, moping at the hot fluid on the counter.
“You’re seriously telling me that you could tell she was Irish and a nurse, probably by the shape of her lips of whatnot, and missed the wedding ring on her finger?” Sherlock looked up, surprised. That didn’t make much sense. John was a reasonable man, he would never engage with a women who was still in a relationship, which meant that- oh. John fished the piece of paper Sherlock recognized from yesterday out of his jacket pocket, which he had mindlessly thrown over the bedpost. Unceremonially, he plunked the card- for a card it was Sherlock now realized upon closer inspection- in the detective’s lap. A wedding invitation. Sherlock blinked at it for several seconds.
Although it was kind of hard to see the doctor like that, as he buried his head in his hands, still breathing heavily. “Sherlock” his voice was oddly strained. “God, Sherlock. You madman.” John voice conveyed so much shame, so much disgust about his own action.
Most possibly he loved Sherlock. What was he to do about it? Nothing at all. Sherlock probably didn’t even realize he managed to stir up those feelings with his actions; Sherlock was just being considerate and helpful, eager to regain John’s trust and re-start at the place they had left off. Most possibly, Sherlock felt responsible for the sorry state John sometimes was in- although he really was only partly to blame- and saw it was his responsibility, too, to give John what he needed.
And Greg closed the door behind him, and let out the breath he had been holding. The peace was fun while it lasted.
“Sherlock’s been better, I noticed” Greg mused thoughtfully, as thoughtful as you can be when you’re nursing your third pint. “He scared me, when he was breaking down like that. Thought he’d need a long way to come back on track. But he’s as chipper and arrogant as ever” He laughed, then grinned toothily. “Whatever it is you’re doing, don’t stop. It’s working”
Tan listens and hums at appropriate times, pleasantly surprised to get John out of his shell a bit. He notices how the man’s eyes light up whenever he talks about his best friend and how the worry-lines on his forehead even out when he talks about his daughter. It’s blatantly obvious how much he cares about them both and Tan suspects there might be a teeny-tiny crush situation going on, which he definitely needs to discuss with the boys later.
