and hardly the vital matter which Sherlock had indicated to John – but had then texted five minutes later to say that there was a change of plan and he would come over that afternoon.
“Mrs Hudson and I have had workmen in, fitting child gates at the top and bottom of each flight of stairs,” Sherlock said, still not looking up.  “Even if you don’t come back permanently, you can visit more often and bring Rosie with you because there’ll be child gates keeping her away from the stairs.  Also, the workmen attached child locks to the fridge and on all the cupboard doors in the kitchen, the bathroom and the living room.”
?”  John looked at Emily in surprise and sat down at the side of her bed.
“Yes, they did, Mr Anderson,” I replied. “Sherlock used to spend a great deal of his time at Bart’s and as time went by it became obvious to me that – even though he didn’t actually want to speak with anyone – he just wanted some company. So when John arrived on the scene and was looking for some cheap accommodation just when Sherlock decided to move to Baker Street, I was delighted that they were able to get together.”
For the first time there was a flash of annoyance on Sherlock’s face.
And when it all went tits up and Laura Dickerson’s gang arrived, he was the only one near to the door. Lestrade would never forget his look of determination, resignation – and regret – as he glanced back at the others one last time before swinging the door closed, locking himself in with the gang as he pulled the key out and dropped it down the drain, keeping the Yarders safe but leaving them utterly unable to assist.
day, but recently the sneers and insults of the big boys have become more hurtful and frequent. It’s not
“I need ...” John took a shaky breath.  “I need ...”
He sighed, his breath shaking a little at the memory.
There actually is a Bartholomew Bear who looks similar to the one I chose (it’s sold by the same company where I found Sherlock’s bear – you can type ‘Bartholomew’ in their search engine if you’re interested in seeing him), but I felt that he was a bit too pudgy and was verging on cute, which I didn’t think Sherlock would appreciate, plus it would be too much of a coincidence for John to buy a bear that was actually called Bartholomew before Sherlock named him.
Susan sighed as the drunk leered at her once again. On most Tuesday evenings the bar was quiet, just a few people popping in for a quick drink after work before heading home. It was unusual for a customer to be so bladdered on a Tuesday and she wished she hadn’t agreed that the manager could take the night off for his wedding anniversary.
He stopped as he ran out of air and stood glaring at his flatmate who was looking at him with infuriating calmness. Again Sherlock opened his mouth but John pointed at him sternly.
home,” Sherlock said quietly.  “It would be
“Hello,” he says when someone answers at the other end. “I need to speak to one of your reporters, please.”
in them; they are all collaborations with some very talented
“No, you don’t understand.  Emily, this is
to me?!”
that, while John stands at the deli counter deciding which cheese to buy, Sherlock takes his hand and holds it while dropping a kiss onto his cheek. And it’s
managed to pull your wife
“I’ve only just met him, and the fact that he requires a flatmate is useful to me.  That doesn’t mean that I like him.”
John rolled my eyes.
what you were doing, wouldn’t he? He would be so disappointed in you – so
“You’ve been apart for a long time. He had no idea whether you would ever be reunited; he missed you, he was lonely. It was inevitable that he would seek friendship elsewhere, and Mary understood him, was patient with him, and eventually they fell in love. Well, I say ‘
Sherlock nodded and Emily looked at John.  “The boys’ parents and I had a conversation when Mycroft turned sixteen,” she explained, “and we discussed whether I was really needed any more.  Anyway, the topic never came up again.  I always wondered why.”
Or if you really don’t get it, click
“And that’s the reason you want us to move in, is it, for the convenience to you?” John asked.
~~~~~~~~~
“You didn’t
in my head.
“I’m not sure he’d forgive me. I’ve only just got him back in my life; how can I tell him that his wife’s a killer?”
******
But though he thinks he can see how everything will unwind, like a map inside his head, even
She died on the 10th of February.
“His first name is actually William,” Mrs Holmes told her, “but after we registered his birth certificate I realised that I preferred his second name and we’ve called him that ever since.  He’s five and started at primary school in September. He’s also ludicrously smart, but he’s more sociable than his brother.  He likes company and will chat to anybody, and it’s a shame that he scares people off by being so astute.  I mean, he
He paused, then added forcefully, “But you don’t ... have ... to ... fear it.”
annoying. And a sod.” He nodded vigorously to me as if sure that I would understand.
, Sherlock.”
“You’d be surprised,” Sherlock murmured.  She looked at him enquiringly and he smiled ruefully and tapped his right temple with his finger.  “I’ve spent over thirty years trying to get you to move out,” he told her, “but you’ve been rather stubborn.”
of you.”
Sherlock grimaced.  “And that’s why I have to do this,” he said unhappily.
home.”
Anderson shrugged. “D.S. Donovan heard the news from D.I. Lestrade and then rang me and told me,” he said. “I wasn’t entirely surprised to learn that he’d tried to kill himself, and if I know your brother he’ll try again as soon as he’s well enough, only next time he’ll make absolutely sure that he isn’t found in time. I’m
Grimly John sat down on one of the hard wooden chairs, the water from his wet jacket starting to soak into his skin. By the time the dispatcher pointed to the door and told him that his cab was outside, he was feeling distinctly chilled. John hauled himself to his feet, walked outside and got into the back seat of the waiting car.
ANDERSON: Well, of
“Do you even have the
“It has a name,” Sherlock said, not meeting his eyes and looking – in John’s opinion – adorably sheepish.
So this one resonates with me. I’ve despised my own name all my life – can’t explain why. It wasn’t an unusual name like Sherlock, Mycroft or Moriarty but I hated it. It didn’t feel right on me, and even as a youngster I took on the name of my favourite TV character at the time – at least inside my own head. The name changed over time but when I was eleven I read the name ‘Callie’ in a book and fell in love with it immediately. Later I decided that if I was ever going to change my name for real, I was going to change the surname as well, and at the age of fifteen – for reasons too complicated to explain – decided that my new surname would be ‘Sullivan.’ And finally, at the ripe old age of thirty-five (fifteen years ago), I made the change official.
about fifty seconds ago when I walked in the front door,” John replied evenly.
On telling the girls this, Mirith replied, “Good God, I could just weep over that.  There’s a 221b in that.  Possibly ending in ‘baritone’.”
Actually, John probably wouldn’t stop to pack his bags.
--------------------
“Where else would I be when you’re in trouble?” Emily asked.
spooky, if only in the way he had worked out so much about John just by looking at his hand.  With that, and Sherlock’s equally accurate deductions earlier that evening, John was unsure whether either of the men was even slightly trustworthy.
(co-written with Anarion, Atlin Merrick, Mirith Griffin and Verity Burns)
Ari x
“What’s happening?” John asked, standing up and turning as Sherlock walked briskly to the door and took his coat from the hook.
But my gentle reader should consider that, alternatively, Emily’s dead brogue-accented son wasn’t Jim at all – it’s a line that she has spoken to Sherlock when he was a youngster and hurt himself and she was advising him how to deal with physical pain; and she may have used the advice more than once.  And that’s why Sherlock gave those lines to his Mind Palace Jim in his own attempt to control the pain from his gunshot wound.
“Apparently he didn’t bother to tell
Only in soppy romantic fiction do people feel a warm glow spreading through their body.  Despite that, John felt a warm glow spreading through his body.  Almost as if he could sense it, Sherlock scowled at him.
“Ohhh, look at that!”
“Sherlock,” John interrupted softly, “I understand the reference.
Sherlock looked nauseous but then took a sharp breath through his nose.  Emily didn’t give him a chance to speak.
“That’ll do,” John agreed, smiling as he turned his head away.
“You’re taking hard drugs!  And look at where you are!  This is about as much trouble as you could possibly be in!”
Knowing Sherlock’s dislike of Christmas and all its traditions, John hadn’t used Christmassy wrapping paper to cover the plain brown box he had found to put the bear into.  Actually he’d thought it pointless wasting money on paper at all because it was almost inevitable that Sherlock would take one look at his present and would either throw a hissy fit at such a childish gift or be sneeringly sarcastic at John’s sentimental behaviour.  In either case John wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock promptly took the box to his bedroom and dropped it out of the window onto the top of Mrs Hudson’s bins.
John would have expected Sherlock to dismiss the girl from his mind while he focussed on the client’s situation, but every time the girl shifted into a new position Sherlock’s eyes would flicker across to her.  John assumed that he was irritated that her movements were breaking his concentration but there was an unusual expression on the detective’s face.  He looked almost ... wistful?  For a while John wasn’t sure what could be prompting such a look.  It was only later when, as part of her quiet game, the girl gently tossed her teddy bear to the other end of the sofa and Sherlock’s gaze shifted accordingly that John realised that it was the bear and not the girl which Sherlock had been watching.
Sherlock didn’t respond to him in any way. If his eyes hadn’t been open and flickering occasionally, Anderson would have wondered if he was comatose. He carried on anyway, wondering whether anything he had to say was ever going to get through.
“I’m on my way,” Greg told him.  “John.  Keep it together, mate.  I’ll be there in ten.”
My best mate and all-round adorable person Verity Burns sent me a white fluffy bunny to assist my other plotbunny, Cedric, in inspiring me. The new bunny is named VerityBun and she is wearing a T-shirt which says, “Get thinking!” on it. This
character traits,” I agreed, “but John seems to have been a good influence on him.”
somehow got onto the subject of music and I was saying I used to sing all the time around the house until the late 1990s when I got into a very happy relationship which lasted about five years.  Despite us being together for so long, we never discussed or demonstrated our musical likes to each other and I stopped singing to myself all the time.  After the relationship ended but we stayed friends, I mentioned the non-singing to him and he said glumly that he must have cramped my style.  I reassured him that I hadn’t needed to sing out loud because my soul had been singing instead.
“I think I’m a little too old to be referred to as an au pair,” Emily said, returning her smile, “especially as I won’t be living in.”
John sighed. “Sarah, mostly,” he said. “She’s a fantastic friend – and ever since Mycroft told us how she worked out that we were alive, I haven’t been able to get over how brilliant she is. And then I began to realise how I felt about you, but it didn’t feel right to start something without talking to her first. I know that she and I are never going to end up married with a horde of kids running round but it still felt wrong not to tell her first.” He smiled ruefully. “But I’m not likely to have a chance to talk to her any time soon and to be perfectly frank ...” he ran his hand up Sherlock’s side, marvelling at the sensation of his skin under his fingers and smiling as Sherlock arched into his touch, “... I couldn’t wait any bloody longer.” He grimaced momentarily. “I just hope she’ll understand.”
Sherlock’s tearful voice sounded in John’s head.
The gun cocks and Shan tells him, “Not blank bullets now” and John thinks, ‘They weren’t blank bullets
to ask,” Greg assured him.  “You can stay at mine for as long as you like.”  He smiled a little.  “After a few nights on my uncomfortable sofa you’ll probably be desperate to go home.”
his beloved London getting closer, he could no longer trust his mind to count off the minutes accurately and by the time they were only forty minutes into the journey he would have sworn that they had been on the train for at least an hour and a half. John noticed him repeatedly looking at his watch and frowning and once the train had entered the Tunnel itself he took pity on him, leaning across the table and murmuring into his ear.
Emily was silent for all of two minutes before she piped up again.
“Sorry, what?”  John frowned at Sherlock’s latest strange utterance.
He had spent nearly all his time in the miserable bedsit, only venturing out to walk aimlessly around London, not wanting to leave the town but knowing that eventually he wouldn’t be able to afford to stay. That knowledge had made him feel even worse. No friends, no job and soon no home – at least not one in an area he knew.
Twenty months since John and Sherlock had tracked down James Moriarty in Italy and had ended his reign as the world’s only consulting criminal. Twenty months since they had realised during his interrogation that he had a much larger network of lieutenants than they had hoped, and that each one of them would need to be found and dealt with before they could safely return home and let the world know that they were alive.
“Andrew at school learned me how to do it.”
?! I’m not Steve!” Anderson protested.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up even more.
, Holmes – a bloody waste of your talent, and your brilliance, and your skill at bringing criminals to the justice that they deserve ...” he stared intently into Sherlock’s eyes, “... and a bloody waste of the memory of John Watson.”
“Yes, of course. Come, John. Come and meet Sherlock’s new bride.”
hated his name. If he didn’t have an irritating but unavoidable sense of loyalty to his parents’ memory, he would have changed it decades ago. His classmates at school always sneered at how unusual the name was, and his brother was no help at all, simply quoting that stupid Shakespearean line about a rose smelling as sweet. Idiot. You’d think that, being lumbered with the same problem, he would sympathise with him. But it makes no sense to him: he won’t ever forgive his parents for bestowing such an annoying name on him, so why couldn’t he ever bring himself to change it and feel happier with himself?
he thought to himself.
John didn’t bother trying to pretend. Mycroft’s text had arrived shortly after Sherlock left.
“Sherlock, you know that Martha Hudson bought herself a big property in Baker Street a couple of years ago, using the money she inherited from that maniac of a husband of hers?  She told you about it in one of her nice letters that you never take proper notice of, and to which you never reply.”
“You like him.”
“Then I shall stay, dear,” she replied.  She smiled at him, then added, “... provided you get yourself a tissue and blow your nose.”
She looked at Sherlock.  “He was here this morning,” she told him.  “He seemed surprisingly upset about all this.”  She turned to John.  “He found out about me and had me moved here from the local hospital.  He said he wanted me to have the best treatment, which is very kind of him.”
Thankful that even during the worst period of his grieving process his PTSD hadn’t flared up and so neither his tremor nor the limp had returned, he finally felt ready to start working again and found a permanent GP role in a surgery in the suburbs, far away from the Baker Street area.  He registered with several local estate agents, visited a few places which they offered and eventually settled on renting a small but pleasant basement flat which even had its own garden.
“Do you know what would make it look even better?  If the buttonholes were outlined in red.”
Sherlock’s face began to fill with fear, and John hurried to explain himself.
“Sure,” John said, getting to his feet and collecting his jacket.  “Where are we going?”
*****************
“She rather owes you a favour, don’t you think?
John was about to attempt a teasing query about the Holmes family’s connections but he faltered to a stop when he saw a metal sign post set at the edge of the grass near the front porch.  Sherlock stopped too, his shoulders drooping slightly while John read the sign before turning to him in shock.
“Well, when an army doctor and a consulting detective love each other very much ...”
expression was unbearably distressing to see.
“She’s a what?!” John asked.
the girls had been so excited – and giggly – about the scene, but even with his lack of theatrical knowledge he could appreciate that this was something new and very different. Turning his head slightly to his right he could see that Sherlock was already engrossed, his fingers steepled in front of his mouth as he watched. A second character entered, walking right through the audience, but John wasn’t really paying attention to him, his focus still on the actor who had held the stage alone for the past fifteen minutes with an energy that made John feel tired just watching him.
by Blancmange.)
Lestrade looked at me anxiously for a moment, then turned back to his colleague who was swaying dangerously from foot to foot. He leaned closer to him and said soothingly, “Yeah, shush now, Steve.”
(co-written with Anarion, Atlin Merrick and Verity Burns)
He signed the transfer request form the following day.
you.  It’s a great name.”
“Holmes was an annoying sod before he met John,” Anderson told me confidentially. “Well, he’s
Just as he decided that his left foot was going to lead and therefore he should sway a little to the right and then wobble precariously, I took hold of his arm and murmured into his ear, “If you do
“Also,” John continued, “did it even occur to you to tell me that you didn’t need me at the Yard when you told Greg you weren’t going?”
Sentiment.  From Sherlock.  From the man who John had accused of being a machine less than half an hour before he died.
“Yes, all right, I know that sounds just like you, but maybe that’s the problem.  If we come and live with you, you’re going to be responsible for helping to bring her up and teach her how to be a rounded human being.  You can’t just escape to the basement whenever she’s pissing you off; it wouldn’t be right.”
Sherlock grimaced, but there was also a slight smile on his face.  John continued.
John walked closer.  “You have to do more than
The drunk released Su’s arm and stood up angrily. “Says who?” he demanded and swung the punch.
made the choice a lot easier.
“Will you come home?”
“I was so angry at you,” Sherlock admitted quietly.
This fic has been lurking around in my head ever since I first read the staggeringly good and
“Thanks, Anderson – you utter, idiotic,
It’s worse than the drugs busts; worse than the terrible times when there’s no case and Sherlock prowls around the flat, bored and dangerous; worse than the terrible times when there
~~~~~~~~~
It was not as hard a decision as he’d feared.  Private Watson had entered the armed forces as a standard soldier but must now choose whether to stay there or transfer to the Royal Army Medical Corps and specialise.  The main reason he had joined the Army was because he had become disenchanted with his medical career, but now that he had the option of giving up his training altogether, John realised for the first time that it would be a terrible waste of his talents.
She put her hand on Sherlock’s arm.  “I didn’t want to go, but I didn’t have any choice.  I know you were upset, but I had to put my own child first.  I told you at the time how sorry I was.”
?  All right, look at it in practical terms.  Mrs Hudson has been very patient with you, charging you a lower rent while you’re living alone, but she can’t really afford it.  You’re spoiling her lifestyle, and there’s an obvious solution.”
Emily paused.  “I ... can’t think of anything,” she finally admitted.
He leaned forward a little in his chair, resisting the urge to reach out and put his hand on Sherlock’s arm.
: Major character death (already happened), discussion of suicide (attempted) by major character, discussion of suicide (successful) by original character. Altogether unbelievably angsty and miserable. Have a nice day.
“I’m not in trouble.”
“You’re not the only one who misses him,” he said simply.
“I don’t know if that was any help at all,” he began quietly, but stopped when Mycroft put a hand onto his shoulder and tilted his head towards the door. Anderson turned his head and could just make out a choked sob coming from inside the room. Mycroft smiled a little and squeezed Anderson’s shoulder.
Sherlock sighed.  “Yes, Emily.”
“It’s an important decision for both of you, and you shouldn’t rush anything,” she advised them.  “You don’t have to make the decision today; take as long as you need to talk seriously about your future together.  But oh, Sherlock, John, don’t avoid it; sit down and be truly honest with each other.  Only once you’ve told each other
“When we first lived together, you sang all the time,” Sherlock explained.  “You often had the radio on in your bedroom and sang along to it, or you sang in the shower or hummed tunes in the kitchen.  But since we became a couple, you don’t sing any more.  I can’t help wondering whether our relationship has made you less ... joyful.”
go to the sodding Yard. But you didn’t sodding well tell
Sherlock jutted his lower lip out.  “Why does it have to be me?”
There are three older stories which I won’t post here, the reason being that I didn’t write them.  Well, I didn’t write
Mrs Holmes took off her reading glasses and settled back in her chair.  “Mycroft is twelve,” she began.  “If we could afford it, we’d send him to a private school but he’s at the grammar school and he’s totally outshining every other pupil in his year.  That means that he’s finding it hard to make friends but it doesn’t seem to bother him.”  She looked reflective.  “He’s always been the solitary type.  He doesn’t enjoy the company of other children – lord knows we tried when he was younger but he simply wasn’t interested in playing with any of the local kids, and just alienated them if we forced him to.  He devotes most of his attention to his school work,
Despite driving his own car and not a police vehicle with its helpful siren and flashing lights, Greg arrived within six minutes after breaking several road traffic laws en route.  He pulled up at the kerb to find John sitting on the steps outside the door of 221, his head lowered and his shoulders hunched.  A holdall was beside him with a jacket draped over it.  Greg leaned over and opened the passenger door and John picked up his bag and trudged towards him.
didn’t make sense. So a character had a long coat – but this should not be setting off the realisations that were smashing into John’s head right now. And yes, the character was tall and slender and graceful and had impossibly attractive curly hair ... and was ludicrously self-confident and arrogant and self-centred ... and unaware or uncaring of what anybody else thought or felt ...
bring the reports,” John said, breathing hard in a rapidly failing attempt to retain the last dregs of his temper. “I didn’t bring the reports because I was too busy being ever so slightly furious about being treated like I’m nothing more than your personal dogsbody.”
Sherlock scowled and tried to ignore her, but Emily persisted.
only five and so he has no idea how to be diplomatic, but he upsets people with his observations.”  She half-smiled, half-cringed at the memory.  “We went out shopping on Saturday and met one of the neighbours in the supermarket.  She and I were just passing the time of day and Sherlock suddenly asked her why she’d been crying last night.  He was really hurt when she got angry and shouted at him.  I still have no idea why or how he knew it, and when I asked him later he could only say that it was obvious.
The room was colder than the rest of the flat and John realised that one of the windows was slightly open.  Putting his toiletries onto the bed he walked across to the window and closed it, then turned and wandered idly around the room.  There were no major memories to hurt him here, and he even smiled slightly when he remembered Greg helping him to haul a drugged and mumbling Sherlock into the room and dump him onto the bed after his first encounter with Irene Adler.  He was about to pick up his stuff and leave when his gaze fell on the wardrobe in the corner.  He grimaced.  Mrs Hudson hadn’t said anything about Mycroft visiting to remove any of Sherlock’s possessions, and John assumed that Sherlock’s clothes were still in the wardrobe.
“I tried to teach Mycroft not long after I started working for the family, but he wasn’t interested,” she said.  “He thought the whole concept was ridiculous, but he was almost thirteen when I arrived and he had already organised his mind in a way that would help him retain information, so he considered the Mind Palace to be pointless.  Personally I’ve always found it useful, so once Sherlock was old enough I introduced him to the idea and he lapped it up.”
from Tumblr,
“No,” John smiled, “but it ought to be.”
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted, “when I was very young.  Mycroft sneered and told me that only little children needed such things.  He persuaded me to get rid of it.”
John looked across to Sherlock, who eventually shrugged in agreement.  John cleared his throat.  “All right,” he said.  “What about The Aluminium Crutch?”
“Anyway, like I said, no big deal.  I’m going for a shower.”
“It can’t happen,” he told her.  “Even if I wanted to – and I’m not saying that I do – my priority is my work, and I can’t allow any personal feelings to get in the way.  Emotions would only distract me.  Allowing myself to feel any kind of romantic attachment to John or anybody else would be a dangerous disadvantage.”
got on with his life.
“Yes, yes, why am I here, why do I keep following you around, why am I pestering you, et cetera.  Never mind that.  Invite him to move back in with you.”
(If you don’t know the song The Day Before You Came,
theeze days i liv in 221c bayker street and i iz ever so verry happi.   i don’t go outdoorz much, but today i’m sittinng on a workbench in a differunt labborutorri ... laborra... lubora... a lab.   sherlokk sumtimez duz scarey things in hiz lab, but i aren’t scared about being in this differunt lab, becuz jonn is here and he seemz very excited.   he’s got a gold ring in hiz pokkit and when sherlok gets heer, jon is going to arsk himm to marri him.
~~~~~~~~~
have something to say to him: it’s relevant and important, and don’t you think he might be more likely to listen to someone who doesn’t like him but who’s made the effort to come along anyway?”
it’s confidential.”
She glanced towards the clock on the wall and grimaced when she realised that there were almost two hours to wait until the nurse brought her more painkillers.  She didn’t mind dying but just wished that it could be less uncomfortable.  If she could just drift off effortlessly, she would happily go today but she couldn’t help dreading the thought of the impending pain.
“I ...”
“He may have ignored you when you were with us, but he did like you,” Sherlock told her.  “Or rather, he liked that you kept me out of his hair.  When you left, I was a nuisance to him, constantly pestering him with questions about why you’d gone away.”
And that was when John finally lost it.
on the stage but then the lights dimmed and the opening sequence, which each of the girls had separately told him was amazing, began.
John thought morbidly even as his mouth twitched a little. The driver was so cheerful that his mood couldn’t help but rub off just a little no matter how grumpy John was feeling.
~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock returned his smile, then looked at him more seriously.  “What do you think?” he asked.  “Would you consider it?”
He didn’t know what made him turn and look towards the closed door of Sherlock’s bedroom.  There was nothing of John’s in there; indeed he had only gone into the room on a couple of occasions the whole time he had lived here.  Dismissing the need to go in there, he went to the bathroom instead and picked up a few remaining toiletries he hadn’t taken with him before, then came out in the hallway.  He would never understand why he turned left instead of right, nor what made him open the bedroom door and step inside.
ANDERSON: My deodorant?
Sherlock gazed at him, then began to blink rapidly in an attempt to stop the inexplicable stinging in his eyes.  John tenderly stroked his cheek.
A breath huffed out from between Sherlock’s lips.
“I’m sorry,” John said after a couple of minutes of silence.  “I didn’t even ask you ...”
She smiled, her face lighting up.  “You put me in there?” she asked with a delighted laugh.
For a short while I was tempted by this bear because his hands and eyes reminded me so much of Sherlock in thinking-mode
that she was wearing inappropriate clothing for a call-out,
He hesitated, then committed himself.
He smiled briefly at the memory of how much John had giggled when he told the story.
it’s for men! I’m wearing it!
“You’re really pretty, Su,” the drunk told her for the umpteenth time, slurring her name as he grabbed at her arm across the bar and leaned closer, huffing beery breath into her face.  “Come ‘ere and giss’a kiss,” he insisted.
“Why do you need to be gay to be in love with him?” Emily demanded.  “You don’t have to ‘turn gay’ or ‘turn bisexual’ to have feelings for another man.  Your feelings for him are irrelevant to how you identify your sexuality.  Admitting that you’re in love with Sherlock doesn’t mean that you have to start looking at other men and thinking, ‘Ooh,
“Sherlock ...”
Beside him, Sherlock shifted briefly in his seat, apparently unaware of the crisis which John was undergoing. John finally managed to exhale and then resume some semblance of normal breathing, which wasn’t easy with the revelation that had just hit him. It
“Yes, dear.  Don’t be late meeting him tomorrow.”
And it’s all stunningly gorgeous until Sherlock looks back down to the little girl, smiles fondly at her ... and then opens that bloody mouth of his.
John glared at him, breathing heavily.
“Young man, there is
to live with her.  I want to live with both of you.”
be good considering how much they had been (John hadn’t been to the theatre in years but had gulped heavily at the price and had made a mental note to tease both Sarah and Sally that they ought to pay him part of the cost, seeing as
She knelt down beside the sobbing boy and tried to put her arms around him but he shook her off.
“Yeah, and at least Holmes has become a bit more civil since he met Doctor Watson,” said Anderson, still nodding as if he couldn’t work out how to make his head stop moving. “It’s done him good not spending all his time on his own, and he’s obviously got the doctor on the brain these days ...”
I hadn’t been sure whether to accept John’s invitation to this party. I knew that Sherlock wouldn’t care less whether I attended or not, but John had told me on the phone that he would be personally insulted if I didn’t show. Now I stood at the bar trying to be unobtrusive while the man beside me took another long pull on his pint. The way that his teeth clashed against the glass as he raised it to his mouth suggested that he had already had too much to drink and his coordination was suffering as a consequence.
Or maybe, just maybe, she
“I’ll get you a spoon,” John began but Sherlock put his fingers into his mouth and sucked on them with a blissful look on his face, then turned a predatory gaze onto John.
“You’re being ridiculous,” Sherlock grumbled.  “You suggested that I talk to Mrs Hudson, I did so, and she offered to rent me the rooms at a reduced rate.  Despite that, I still need someone to help pay the rent.  Thankfully Stamford was paying attention for once, and his friend clearly needs somewhere to live.”
“That’s way out in Surrey!” John exclaimed.
detective,” Sherlock said derisively.  “I’ll only investigate cases which interest me.  And if the police have cases which they can’t solve, I’ll make myself available to them if they want to call me in.”
This 221B Author’s Note is dedicated to the memory of my Mum, Betty.
The idiot shouldn’t even have been there but, like so often in the past, had found out where the team was going and simply turned up.
right a lot of the time, but all that does is makes you arrogant and over-confident, and you think you can do whatever you want because it’s always the right thing to do and you can’t possibly be wrong.” He gestured vaguely around the room. “But you’re wrong about this, you really are. You have to stop charging forward and assuming that you’re right, and you have to
“I have to go out,” Sherlock said, heading for the stairs with the coat over his arm.
“Andrew ‘taught’ you how to do it.  And it’s ‘Pardon?’ not ‘What?’”
a case and Sherlock flares around London with no thought for his own safety or that of others; worse than the times when a case goes on too long and Sherlock is pale, exhausted and trembling from lack of both food and sleep.
(with lyrics underneath) useful.
with you for not being stronger. Angela and Sally were both furious with their sister and their friend for not being brave enough to stay behind and fight; I think Doctor Watson would feel the same way about you.”
While he continued giggling I wondered what percentage of British judges would accept a plea of justifiable manslaughter and whether it was worth the risk, and it was with the utmost relief that I saw Inspector Lestrade approaching us. Anderson almost overbalanced as he turned towards him and beamed cheerfully.
Sherlock grimaced.  For a moment John thought he wouldn’t answer but then Sherlock said softly, “I miss you.”
“I have a little boy,” Emily told her.  “He’s four years old.  My husband and I agreed that he would be better off with his dad.”  She smiled sadly.  “He’s very much his father’s son and the two of them have always been inseparable.  I miss him a lot, but I knew he would be happier there than with me.  I see him every few weeks, but only at the weekend, so our visits won’t interfere with my work here.”
It was a heartbreaking decision to make.  His sister had just come out to their parents and, as the siblings had feared, their furious father told her to leave the house forever.  After she had run out into the street, sobbing, Mr Watson turned to his son and told him that if he ever spoke to Harriet again, he too would not be welcome in the family home.  Mrs Watson whimpered, but she did not intervene even when John looked hopefully towards her.
“Actually, I’m
“They talked to me and Mycroft about it,” Sherlock admitted.  “He didn’t care, but I didn’t want you to go.”  He smiled tightly.  “I threw quite the hissy fit, and they dropped the whole idea.  I thought it was done with, and then five months later you left anyway.”
Sally always said he would end up becoming a killer through sheer boredom.
“Thanks for a brilliant drive,” John said, then stood back and watched the car depart before turning and gazing up at the first floor window of his flat. He could faintly hear Sherlock’s violin, and recognised it instantly as the classical piece which he had once told Sherlock was his favourite.
your colleagues at Scotland Yard – and I know that you and my brother do not see eye to eye.”
“And so you need a nanny for your sons,” Emily confirmed.
“It’s better than all that boom-boom-boom,” the driver said, waving his arms around before beginning a frenetic bout of air-drumming.
. Even if you can’t stand cute kittens, you should watch it for the dialogue, which is some of the most brilliantly inventive stuff I’ve ever heard. (Thanks to Marielikestodraw for flagging up this series of vids!)
Well,
John gritted his teeth and braced himself.  He had only known her for a couple of hours but he had no doubt that this was not the end of the argument.
?” in his ear as he took the finished item from the fridge.
John hated being told the obvious; he hated these therapy sessions.  Ella had his best interests at heart but she wasn’t saying anything he didn’t already know.  Of
She put her hand to Sherlock’s cheek as he stood up and bent over to kiss her forehead.  “Come back and see me soon,” she told him.  She looked across to John and reached out a hand to him.  “And you’ll be very welcome too,” she said as he gently squeezed her fingers.
“Seriously?  You gave him a name?  What is it?”
“Come back to Baker Street.”
doesn’t have the faintest idea that it will all end with a bullet.
I mentioned that while I’d been talking to my 78-year-old mum about the new friends I had made through the fandom, she had winkled out of me that I too was writing
, Mike! Oh, I crack myself up sometimes!”
mate, so you must be
He bought the teddy bear a week and a half later.
It’s a nuisance having to walk the extra six minutes to the nearest Tesco every time there’s no milk in the flat. Hopefully in due course Waitrose will lift the ban.
remembering him.”
“Yes, but ...”
Sherlock grimaced.  “How many more times do I have to tell you?  Stop following me around, Emily.”
If you had said to John that one day he would buy Sherlock a teddy bear, John would have shaken his head and (if he was in a good mood) would have told you that you were mad or (if he wasn’t in such a good mood) would have told you that you were
: A tiny bit of not-very-bad violence, but otherwise nothing to cause any upset, and an adorable video if you stick it out to the end. (How’s that for emotional blackmail?!) (conveniently ignoring the fact that you could simply jump straight to the end ...)
“How old were you?” John asked softly.
Sitting in the bar at London’s National Theatre with Mirith Griffin, Anarion and Atlin Merrick in October 2011 and talking about all things related to
But just before they reached the gates, one of them reached out and slid his fingers into the other’s hand.  The answering clasp felt like coming home.
He smiled briefly at Sherlock’s surprised blink.
She looked at John.  “I don’t remember reading that you chased off after the person who shot Sherlock in Charles Magnussen’s flat.  You might be a doctor but you’re also a soldier and you must have been torn between duty and honour.  Why did you choose to stay?”
“Next, please.” John released the intercom and sat back in his chair while he waited for the receptionist to send in his next patient. Despite his attempts to concentrate on his work, his mind began to wander, as it so frequently did even after all this time.
“And if you
more than amazing,” he continued. “I can’t even think of a word. You’ve got a better dictionary in your head than me ...”
He walked for several hours, not even aware of where he was going, his head down and his mind full of black thoughts about the bloody awful day he was having and wondering just how much longer he could try to tolerate Sherlock’s behaviour before he had no choice but to save his sanity by packing his bags and moving out. It was only when it began to rain that he took any notice of his surroundings and realised he had no clue where he was. Swearing under his breath as the rain got heavier, he looked around for a taxi but apparently he was in an area of London where black cabs rarely ventured.
.  I just want to know what you
John frowned at his departing back.  Something was seriously wrong.  It was bitterly cold outside but Sherlock hadn’t bothered to pick up his scarf and gloves from the coffee table.
few – when Sherlock can no longer resist the call of his old addictions and John comes home to find that it’s not nicotine patches that Sherlock has been applying to his arm.
Now wait a minute: you don’t think I’m implying that Emily Cleary used to be called Mrs Emily Moriarty, mother of James, do you?  Would I do such a terrible thing?
Sherlock sighed out a breath. There was no sound behind it, but the bored incantation of “Dull” was clearly implied. Anderson glared at him.
--------------------
appear on John’s blog.
to write a fix-it third chapter; and one morning on the train I was inspired by the thought that Saint Bartholomew the bear should write the epilogue!
It was eight hours and thirty-one minutes since the train had come to a halt at St Pancras station and Sherlock and John had linked hands as they walked out of the station and stood on a London pavement just breathing the air for a while. Eight hours and twenty-nine minutes since John had turned to his partner and murmured, “Get us some transport,” and Sherlock grinned with delight as he walked to the kerb, threw up an arm and yelled, “Taxi!” Eight hours and twenty-nine minutes since they climbed into the back of the cab and told the driver to head in the general direction of Scotland Yard but to drive wherever he felt like going and to take as circuitous a route as he liked. Occasionally one of them suggested a particular road but otherwise they let the driver meander around the city while they gazed out of the windows in delight and reacquainted themselves with the sights.
Sherlock grimaced in obvious exasperation at the extension of the list to which John was constantly adding items.
Why is it now so ingrained in my mind to write 221Bs that even when I
“We’ll come back tomorrow,” Sherlock promised her.  He looked across to John and held his gaze while he added, “Whether we’ve got anything to tell you or not.”
Outside the door where he has been standing since the whimpering began three minutes ago, Sherlock clenches and unclenches his fists rhythmically and furiously as he despises himself for not knowing what to do or how to help, and when the muffled sobbing starts he turns and silently retreats to the living room where he paces frenetically until he realises that he has no bloody choice and even though he would rather throw it through the window than do this, he picks up the phone and scrolls through the menu to find the one person who he knows can provide the help he needs and, with his face full of self-loathing, he angrily stabs his finger onto the button which will call his brother.
John glanced across the bed at Sherlock, whose face was somewhat flushed.  John suspected that his own was a similar colour, and he silently willed his friend to do something to end this awkward conversation.  Sherlock got the message and he looked at Emily with determination on his face.
taught him the Mind Palace?  I always assumed it was Mycroft.”
*****************
Finally, on the outskirts of Whyteleafe village they arrived at the entrance to what appeared to be a large estate.  Sherlock asked the driver to stop at the open gates, telling him that he and John would walk the rest of the way.  They began to walk up the long drive, and John whistled when they came in sight of a large country house.  Three storeys high with huge windows, ornate chimney pots and walls covered with ivy, the building was clearly several hundred years old; in John’s opinion it was a typical example of a posh mansion.
You see?  I’m not as evil as you assume.
It took the world’s most cheerful cab driver to make John Watson realise that he was living an ABBA song.
“I’ve talked with Mrs Hudson and she realises that she’ll never get round to sorting out the basement flat and renting it out.  She’s agreed that I can have it, can get the damp sorted out and can convert the kitchen into a lab.  The living room and bedroom down there can serve as storage rooms for my equipment and anything else that Rosamund shouldn’t have access to.  The bathroom’s already fit for purpose.  When I’m working I can shut myself down there and stay out of her way.  At the same time the upstairs areas will be child-safe.  She wouldn’t be in any danger.”
detective?”
?  Sherlock, you’re going to kill yourself.”
And yes, this 221b fic
“Sorry, no,” he said. “I won’t share you with anyone.” He smirked. “Had you going for a minute, though, didn’t I?”
“Oh, just choose a side, John.”
The last and final story in this collection follows.  I thought long and hard about whether to include it here or whether to post it separately – or whether to leave it where it was, buried deep in an LJ blog where nobody would find it.  As I commented on the original posting of the story,
“Couldn’t resist; saw it in a shop window.  If you hate it, it’s no big deal.  You can chuck it out.”
A lump under the skin of the man’s arm which had only appeared during the last couple of weeks. A recommendation to keep monitoring it and to come back if it got any larger. An addition to the patient’s notes to put a flag on the computer to phone the patient and check that all was well if he hadn’t come back within two months.
“I don’t even want to know what’s causing the stink in here. All I want is for you to add it immediately to the list of items banned from this flat, and that when you find something equally foul-smelling to replace it as you inevitably will, you
Still grinning, Sherlock took his face in his hands and then pulled him into a deep kiss that left both of them breathless. Afterwards, Sherlock gazed into John’s face for a moment, then leaned forward and buried his mouth in his hair.
... the
Anarion’s:
What happened
“Sherlock ...” John said, shocked, but his friend appeared to have got the bit between his teeth and pressed on.
“This is ridiculously short notice, John. Why didn’t you tell me about it before?” Sherlock complained irritably down the phone.
, all right?  I don’t want you buying
“Is it?” Sherlock asked.
“My husband lost his job a year ago when the company closed down,” Mrs Holmes told her.  She grimaced.  “So far he’s only been able to find employment with a firm which requires evening work. It’s not very well paid; and now that Sherlock’s at primary school I’ve decided to go back to work part time at the university.  I used to be a professor of physics and mathematics there before I had the children, and I’ll be lecturing there again.  I’ll be doing afternoon classes, but then they offered me regular one-to-one coaching sessions in the late afternoon.  It pays too well to turn down, but it does mean that neither of us will be home in time for the boys when they get back from school.”
“It wasn’t my idea,” he grumbled.  “I simply found you in there.”
“It’s all your fault!  You made Mummy get him and now he’s dead and it’s all your fault I’m sad.”
of him. We’ll never know if he was making up some of the crazy things he said the two of you got up to. We’ll never know if the experiments you did in the kitchen of your flat were really as bad as he said they were. We’ll never hear
to live. And the complete change had happened the day Mike brought him into the lab at Bart’s.
“Mrs Hudson?” Greg asked after John had got in and closed the door.
When he
be possible. It
“If he wanted to come back here, he could ask.”
“He did very major damage to both of his arms, Doctor Anderson,” he told him. “This wasn’t a cry for help; it was a determined intention to kill himself. The fact that he was found in time is nothing short of a miracle, and he is not pleased at having been saved. Do you really believe that you can help him to feel better about himself?”
“No. Don’t you dare say a bloody word if you want to live beyond the next eight seconds. I’m sick of it, Sherlock. I’m sick of being treated like this; I’m sick of feeling like I’ve got no real purpose in life ... and I’m sick of
“You don’t even live here!” Sherlock burst out.
“What?” John asked.
“If you don’t tell him and he finds out later that you knew, do you think he would forgive that?  He’s having enough trouble trusting you already.  You have to tell him.  He won’t thank you for it, but he has to know.”
“Look,” he said, forcing himself to stay calm.  “It’s not practical.  That flat would be a death trap for Rosie.  There are stairs everywhere and the bedrooms are on a different floor to the living room and the kitchen. And the kitchen’s a disaster area at the best of times.  Jesus, Sherlock, the stuff you keep in the fridge – imagine once Rosie can reach high enough to open the door and take stuff off the shelves!”
Mycroft looked at him thoughtfully for a long moment, then tilted his head slightly.
, not me. When I told her that Angela was away on a field trip she started to cry, so I brought her into the house. I was taking her to the kitchen to make some tea, but we only got halfway up the hall and she just sort of crumpled to her knees.”
suit me,” he admitted, “but the price is ridiculous.”
“Thank you!” Mrs Holmes said.  “Not everyone appreciates them.”
There was a burning behind his eyes and he wondered whether letting the tears come would be a good thing for Sherlock to see or not, but he blinked them back knowing that once he started to weep, he might not be able to stop.
“The spare bedroom next to yours is being redecorated and made child-safe,” he continued.  “Again, even if you don’t move back, you could stay over sometimes if you want to, or Mrs Hudson could babysit if we have to go out on a case and Rosie could sleep upstairs.  The furniture is arriving on Thursday.  Mrs Hudson and Molly helped to choose it.”
“You’ll have to make the locks on flat C totally unpickable except by a genius,” he said.  “Maybe you should move Bart the bear downstairs where she can’t get at him?”
“I did not.”
John linked hands with Sherlock, concentrating on not having a heart attack as the memories of the last hour ran through his mind. Their love-making was
“But it’s ...” John managed to snap his mouth shut. Sherlock’s glower was now so severe that John wondered if anyone had ever pulled a muscle in their eyebrows before today, or if this would be the first recorded example.
reading – and not storybooks either; he prefers anything factual.  He’s read practically every history book we own, even if he doesn’t understand everything, and then he comes and asks us all sorts of complicated questions that we can’t answer.  With your background as a political history graduate, I’m hoping you might be able to help him better than we can.”
I rarely write G-rated fic (mostly because I have a filthy mind, and also because I’ll ship the boys ’til my dying day), but if you’re feeling kind (and if you also have a filthy/shippy mind) I’m sure you can understand that, had I had more than 221 words to play with, Sherlock would have grabbed Bartholomew, gone round to John’s flat and stood outside holding up the bear and looking mournful until John broke off his relationship with Mary, packed his bags, dragged Sherlock home and the two of them didn’t leave the bedroom for days.
the look on his face if he was sitting here instead of me?”
“What do you mean?”
I smiled politely. “Sherlock certainly has some ...
Finally losing my patience, I seized his finger and pulled it downwards, twisting it firmly until he whined in pain, tears springing to his eyes while his knees half-buckled under him. I looked across to Lestrade who bit back a smile before casually turning away and looking in any direction but mine. Releasing the obnoxious oaf’s hand, I bent down to him as he doubled over clutching at his finger and whimpering. Putting my hand firmly on his shoulder, I kept my voice low but injected as much ferocity into it as I could muster.
In an attempt to forestall any further conversation he took his phone from his pocket and pretended to be checking his texts but the cabbie had other ideas.
He turned away, his mouth widening into a huge grin, and tried really hard not to bounce on the spot with excitement. It wasn’t every day that your colleague came home and informed you that he had a case which would not only involve travelling to the home of British Motorsport – at the British government’s expense (for once, John bloody
It was impossible to tell
The cabbie put the car in gear but then scowled at the sight of an elderly man doddering across the road several yards in front of him. The old man didn’t seem to be paying any attention to the traffic and was apparently in a world of his own as he wandered slowly away from the safety of the pavement. The driver looked round at John.
The plastic handles of the shopping bags were cutting into John’s fingers as he trudged up the stairs, and he was tired and bad-tempered. He glared at his flatmate slumped at one end of the sofa.
And now Lestrade looked out over the congregation, pleased that so many people had come. He turned his eyes to the coffin. “You always
“I will if you call him.  And when he gets here, he’ll need to know exactly what you’ve taken.  While you’re still able to, you should make a list.”
“Whyteleafe,” Sherlock said as they made their way downstairs.
“Considering how bright she has shown herself to be so far, she’s probably been expecting this for longer than you have,” Sherlock told him. “She’d be more surprised if we got back home and
He looked down again, clenching his fists in his lap at the memory, then lifted his head and looked at the side of Sherlock’s face, so pale and drawn, and even though he couldn’t see directly into his eyes, the blank hopeless
Dedicated to anyone who sat with me in the Returns queue at the National, especially if we got chatting. I was staggered how many online
He turned to look at the man lying beside him who had reduced him to this state. Sherlock’s free hand was draped over his eyes and he looked satisfyingly exhausted.
“If you go, Mr. Holmes, you’re taking Doctor Watson from us as well. Don’t do that. Please don’t do that.”
“Right now, you’re justified in hating me,” she said, “and I’m sorry you’re so sad.  But in time you’ll remember the happy times you had with him, and you’ll be glad that you had him for all those years.  I promise you won’t be sad forever.”
Inside her own Mind Palace, the door to the attic bedroom opened and the voice of her long-deceased son drifted down the stairs.
stopped it?” she asked, surprised.
could he ever have believed that Sherlock was incapable of feeling emotion?  How could he have thought that Sherlock didn’t care about him?  He had proved it time and time again and now, as if to show John one last time, there sat the evidence on the shelf in front of him ...
The eleven year old boy cringed a little, then raised his head defiantly.  “You don’t live here,” he told her again.  “This is
*****************
along with the chorus. He grinned to himself, imagining Sherlock’s reaction if he ever caught John singing such a ludicrous set of lyrics. But that reminded him that he was mad as hell at Sherlock and that this was the reason he was in this cab with a crazy cabbie and his ridiculous music in the first place. He scowled, the mood spoiled.
, geddit! Doctor ... on the
Sherlock turned his head on the pillow and looked at his puzzled lover.
to come because otherwise Sally Donovan would have come and tried to talk to you about it, and it would be much harder for her. It was bad for her, that night at the house in Brixton when you came over to me, all arrogant and cocky and showing off to your new colleague, and said some awful things about me and Sally and then flounced off into the house with that smug smile on your face. And you were
“More by luck than judgement, I’d say.  Are you going to tell John?”
“The police don’t use private detectives.”
had bullied him into this). Sherlock slumped into his seat griping about not having had time to buy a programme and not having the first idea who was in it or who was directing it. John was about to sarcastically suggest that he ought to be able to work out everything he needed to know from the ...
“Don’t you bloody dare,” Murray told him.  “You’ll be fine once you’re back in England.  You just have to hang on and
John had rarely heard this music since he had left home almost twenty years ago but as the lyrics of
John returned only once to Baker Street.  Months after he had visited Sherlock’s grave with Mrs Hudson, months after he had started moving from friend’s house to friend’s house, staying in their spare bedroom or sleeping on their couch for as long as they would tolerate him, he finally admitted to himself that he simply couldn’t live in the flat again.  It had done some good to stay away, because the press found it more difficult to track him down and pester him with increasingly high offers of money for an exclusive interview.  Finally the media’s interest in the fraudulent detective was beginning to die down, and at the same time Stella and Ted were starting to drop hints that it was time for John to leave their home.
“You think you’re always right, don’t you, and even when you’re proved wrong you think it was just a momentary glitch and that you’re still incapable of making a bad decision.”
“A roast chicken dinner, obviously,” John told him straight-faced, then relented at Sherlock’s indignant look. “It’s chocolate mousse made without cream ... hey!” He snatched the dish away as Sherlock stuck his fingers into the dessert and scooped out a large dollop.
He laughed bitterly. “I remember the first time you showed up at a crime scene with Doctor Watson. It’s really ironic, because things happened that day that are so relevant to what you just did, and when I realised that, I ...” He paused for a long moment, looking down at his hands. “I had to come.”
that they hate him just because he’s different. Mummy has always said that being clever is a
from LJ,
“So, what can I do for you, Mr. ...” John looked at the name on the card on his desk “... Sigerson?”
“Buy the pretty coat!”
“Why are you here?” he asked.
“Is it my fault that your behaviour has upset me so many times that I can barely bring myself to talk about it?  Very well, then: you won’t be able to afford
“Where?” he asked eventually, then said, “I’m on my way,” before hanging up and getting to his feet.
Mycroft assessed him for a long moment, then nodded. “Very well,” he said, nodding towards the closed door. Anderson turned towards it but Mycroft stepped into his way and leaned closer to him. “If you make his condition worse in any way, Doctor Anderson,” he told him softly, “you’ll have me to answer to.” He smiled unpleasantly. “And you really don’t want to have to answer to me.”
o’ mice an’ men’) comes from a famous
Grinning, John climbed out and walked around to the driver’s window.
“I don’t
Because the beautiful man on the stage had just made him realise that he was in love with the beautiful man sitting beside him.
Abruptly he stood up and walked back around the bed, stopping at the foot and turning to face Sherlock again. He was a little reassured to note that Sherlock had turned his head to follow his progress. He looked into the pale face again.
“Mycroft Holmes,” the man told him. “I am Sherlock’s brother.”
“I texted Mrs Turner and asked her to come round,” John said quietly.  “I know I should stay with her.  She’s in such a state, but I just
house.”
“Will you come back, John?”
Emily Moriarty and she used to entertain her son during their visits with stories about the bright young boys she was looking after; and when – many years later – she learned what her boy had done with that information, she never had the nerve to tell the Holmes brothers.
At this point in my recitation, Mirith turned around to me in the National bar, put a sympathetic hand on my shoulder, gazed seriously into my eyes and said, “Well, when an army doctor and a consulting detective love each other very much ...”
“Oh, you two,” she said with affectionate exasperation.  “What’s going on with you?  Why won’t you just admit it?”
Mrs Hudson came in some time later, worried by the long silence from upstairs, and found him sitting on the side of Sherlock’s bed.  He still had tears on his cheeks.
rather than the perpetrators.”
of us needs to talk to him, and I do believe that what I have to say is relevant. I can’t promise to help him, but I might make him think.”
And then while I was thinking about a 221B ficlet (it
“Oh, I see.  I understand now,” Emily nodded in apparent agreement.
“Stop it,” Sherlock said tightly over his shoulder.  “I can hear what you’re thinking from here.  Stop making assumptions, please.”
John thought as his temper began to rise again.
the hottest thing in town, you know – you can’t just roll up to the box office and demand tickets. I’ve been sitting in the Returns queue since two o’clock and the desk didn’t open until six and I’ve only just got two tickets. We’re really lucky someone returned them, so get yourself down here quickly: if you’re not here by seven thirty they won’t let you in for the opening sequence, and that’s apparently the best bit of the whole play.”
“Get out!”
“Go away.”
“Emily!” Sherlock said, shocked.
A black car was parked at the kerb and the driver got out and held open the back door for them.  John assumed that Mycroft had sent the car and so they weren’t going to a police case but Sherlock didn’t provide any explanation.  It was a long journey south through London and into Surrey and Sherlock didn’t speak for the trip, occasionally checking his phone but mostly staring out of the window.
Sherlock will use any excuse not to help with the household chores, but this is a new one ...
“Are you sure you’ve thought this through properly?” he asked.  “I mean, you’re doing everything to make the place safe for Rosie, but Sherlock, she’s a kid.  She’ll be noisy, and she’ll be unwell at times and want attention, and she’ll be having hissy fits at other times, and she’ll interrupt you all the time when you’re trying to concentrate, and as she gets older she’ll be talking and distracting you and she’ll want help with her homework when you’re trying to think ...”
“You were Sherlock’s
John turned his head on the pillow and looked at his puzzled lover.
“I’m not normally,” John said, “but Sarah saw it a few weeks ago and ever since then she’s been telling me that I absolutely
He looked up briefly at John, then his gaze skittered away and he stared towards the window.  His tone was uncertain.
Sherlock lowered his head with a guilty look on his face.  Emily squeezed his hand, then looked across to John again.
“And yet here I am,” Emily said serenely.  “And why is that?”
she had hidden it – what with Sherlock’s sharp observational skills and John’s medical knowledge, maybe they had started to notice but by the time she had so successfully talked them into thinking about their future together, surely they had been too distracted to concentrate on anything other than their own feelings.
mice,” Sherlock replied sleepily. “Don’t worry – I know how to get rid of them.”
Once Sherlock had convinced a hysterical Mrs Hudson that she wasn’t seeing a ghost, he made his way upstairs.  Seeing his home for the first time in two years was such a relief, spoiled only by John’s absence.  Apparently he really
no life; and taking his laptop out of the drawer every morning had only drawn his attention to the pistol hidden in there. If Sherlock hadn’t come into his life and given him something worth living for, John felt it might only have been a matter of time before he had reached for the gun instead of the laptop.
“Get out of the way, silly Land Cruiser,” he told the vehicle in front of him which was apparently committing the ultimate sin of blocking the cab’s progress by waiting to turn right at the T-junction ahead. He looked over his shoulder again.
Closing the door behind him, he paused and blew out a long silent breath, his eyes widening as he realised that that had been the first time that Sherlock had ever used his title when talking to him. He looked around and saw that Sherlock’s brother was walking towards him.
He had avoided the well-intentioned attempts of his friends to include him in their social lives, choosing to politely thank them while turning down their invitations. Eventually they had given up trying and the phone calls had become less frequent.
that way because their death matters so much more.”
So far it had been a diabolical day: it had started with yet another ferocious argument with Harry over the phone – the third in as many weeks – during which she said some truly hurtful things and interspersed them with the sort of language that startled even an ex-Army doctor.
at it!  It’s beautiful!  It was made for you!”
She smiled.  “Of course not, dear.”
if they were heart-shaped.
“If that’s where you want me to stop, that’s where I’m going to stop!” the man replied cheerfully. He pulled up at the pavement, then turned and frowned at John as if surprised he was still in the car. “We’re here. Get out,” he told him mock-sternly.
It’s still a shock whenever Sherlock’s anguished voice cries out John’s name, disturbing John from his sleep or from a doze on the sofa. The fear in Sherlock’s voice is horrifying and John wants to bury his head under a pillow and pretend he can’t hear it.
“Do you know what? I
he thought to himself.
Sherlock blurted out the sentence without warning, and John frowned.  They were in John’s living room and John had been talking about Rosie and the upset stomach she’d had yesterday.  He’d been complaining about how he had spent all night cleaning up vomit and worse, and then Sherlock came out with what seemed to be an irrelevant instruction.  John sighed quietly, assuming that Sherlock was bored with talk about babies and domesticity.
“Why not?  I like it, Emily.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said disinterestedly, then perked up and looked at John expectantly. “Did you bring the reports I wanted?”
be avoiding his nose and teeth. To prevent the imminent violence, he started talking before Sherlock could speak.
On the day that he was given the keys to the flat he realised that he would have no choice but to go to Baker Street and collect the rest of his possessions.  The thought filled him with dread but he steeled himself and phoned Mrs Hudson.  She was tearful during their conversation, especially when he told her that he had found somewhere else to live, but she said that she understood.  He resisted the temptation to ask her to pack up his stuff for him and have it couriered over, and instead arranged to go there at the weekend.
had just turned around into a position where the stage lighting hit his face in such a way that his eyes were glowing so blue that John was momentarily transfixed, and then knew with complete conviction that he was lost forever.
“I will
(co-written with Atlin Merrick and Verity Burns)
“Who’s going to remember Doctor Watson best once you’re gone? From what I know of the two of you, you spent most of your time with each other, and he told us he didn’t have a very good relationship with his sister.”
He glanced round to see John’s answering nod. “Yes, I’ll talk to Dave about it,” he continued. “He could pay me a small fee for every old person I run over because I’m saving him some money.”
John had texted
“Yes, I went to the sodding Yard,” John told him angrily. “And then I turned around and came home again from the sodding Yard. Because you
“I heard they first met in a lab at Bart’s.”
It was thirteen months since John – lonely, frustrated and unable to fight his feelings any longer – hesitantly walked across the hotel room, stepped into Sherlock’s personal space, looked into his eyes and, seeing only welcome and encouragement, took his face in his hands and gently pulled his head down until their lips met. Thirteen months since – an hour or so later – Sherlock asked him, “What took you so long?”
If John had been a hopeless romantic, he would have thought that Sherlock looked a little disappointed.  But of course he wasn’t a hopeless romantic.  Not in the least.
He lifted his eyes to Sherlock’s again.
******
go wrong?
“What the hell are you doing here?”
It’s even worse than the few heartbreaking times – thankfully
“Yes,” Emily confirmed.  “Do you mind me asking why you and your husband are away from home until so late?”
“Good grief,” she said, shaking her head.  “You’re like a couple of Victorian ladies clutching at your crinolines!  Stop being so prim and proper.  I’m old, not brain-dead, and I’m still allowed to talk about sex, you know.  Stop cringing and listen to me.”
“Good luck with that,” John retorted.  “If she starts living with the world’s only consulting detective, how long will it be before you teach her how to pick locks?”
The second character was only on the stage for about a minute, and it was another forty minutes or so before he reappeared, charging in from the rear of the stage wearing a long coat that flared out behind him in a way that seemed oddly familiar and Oh.
I think the inspiration for the fic was the fact that, back in 2011 when only Season 1 had aired, nobody else was writing fic which made Anderson a decent person.  There were fics redeeming Donovan, but not him, and as a new writer of fanfiction I was always looking for something different to write about.  I was rewatching
The “Yeah, shush now, Steve” line comes from
“‘Taught’ you.”
,” he said deliberately. “We want to sit in a pub, or at the Yard, or round at someone’s house, and we want to
Turning on his heel he almost skidded on something wet that had dripped off the edge of the table – quite possibly the whatever-it-was that was rapidly rendering the flat unliveable. Catching his balance before he fell on top of it and ruined yet another set of clothes, he hurled the kitchen door open, went through and slammed it noisily behind him before storming downstairs and out the front door. With no thought of an ultimate destination, he headed in the general direction of anywhere that wasn’t Baker Street.
“Don’t interrupt the poorly old lady,” she told him sternly.  “I’m talking now, and you’re both going to listen to me.  Life is short: stop wasting time pretending that you don’t have strong feelings.  Look at you!  You’re so in tune with each other, you’re almost joined at the hip.  You’ve been finishing each other’s sentences ever since you started telling me about your cases; you know what the other one’s going to say before he even begins talking; you can practically read each other’s minds.  And the looks you give each other!  I simply don’t understand why you’re not in a proper relationship.  What are you hiding from?”
(NC-17/Explicit like
He glanced across to John, saw the look of devastation on his face and grimaced at his thoughtless comment.
It was just over three years since Sherlock and John had been forced to leave their beloved London, but at nine thirty that evening they unlocked the front door of 221B Baker Street and finally came home.
have been.  Why did he kill himself instead of proving that everyone was wrong about him?  Why didn’t he trust me enough to help him?  And why did he keep that stupid ... bloody ... bear ...”
“The love is already there,” she told them.  “You just need to decide to do something about it.  You ...” she looked at John, “... don’t have to be gay to be in love with Sherlock, and you ...” she looked across to the other side of the bed, “... are totally capable of multi-tasking and making time for your work
Things were beginning to feel awkward, and John felt it was time for a little levity.  He also needed a distraction from the original topic of conversation.
She smiled.  “We never did come up with a proper description of my role.  I was a sort of part-time housekeeper and cook to the boys, helped with homework, talked with them and generally looked after them while their parents were at work.”
you like him.  When did you last wink at anybody?
It’s still unusual for Sherlock to show any affection in public and so John is always surprised – and delighted – on the rare occasion when his new partner / boyfriend / lover / significant other (he hasn’t really settled on an appropriate title yet) initiates physical contact while they’re outdoors. So it’s particularly glorious when he finds himself pulled into an alleyway, pressed up against the wall and soundly snogged by a detective who is still high on the excitement of having solved another crime.
“Next.”
be possible, even though it made total sense; even though a large part of his mind was screaming, “See? I knew it all along! Why didn’t you
“Oh, Jeez ...”  John stood up and walked away across the room, his mind racing.  He turned back and looked at his friend.
Nodding to him, he turned and walked to the door. As he took hold of the handle, Sherlock started to say something from the bed, but his voice cracked and failed. Anderson turned back to face him as Sherlock swallowed hard and tried again.
“I know it will be a responsibility,” Sherlock admitted, “and I won’t always get it right.  But I’m prepared to try.”
“You come highly recommended, Mrs Cleary.  These references from your previous placements are superb.”
“Go away.”  Sherlock glared at her venomously.  She stood up and looked down at him.
“Oh, I think you’ve helped more than you can imagine,” he told him quietly, then lifted his hand and gestured towards the nearby seats.
Three years later, I’ve finally written it!
“And we need someone who’ll do more than just keep an eye on them and give them their tea,” Mrs Holmes continued.  “I’m not exaggerating or boasting when I say that our boys are extremely intelligent for their ages and need special attention from someone who’ll interact with them, keep their minds busy, listen to Mycroft if he wants to talk about what he’s doing with his homework, and keep Sherlock busy and stop him getting bored and pestering his brother.”
Mirith’s:
Sniffling, John pointed to the open door of the wardrobe.  She looked over at the bear sitting on the shelf.
Piece of cake.  After he and Sherlock had finally admitted their feelings and consummated their relationship, Sherlock refused to make the decision about whether he wanted the left or right side of their bed.
– and to be told that he wasn’t required was hurtful to both his medical dignity and his pocket.
began he felt a mad urge to sing along in an overly fake Swedish accent in the way that he and Harry always had. Mercifully the driver also refrained from singing but when the track was followed by
“So you’re the one who’s most responsible for getting them together in the first place, are you, Mike?”
“I really don’t.”
“No, I think I lost all sense of
John pulled back a little and looked up into his eyes. “We’re going to be fine,” he reassured him. “Go and get beaten up by the gang at the Yard and I’ll get thrashed by my sister, then we can face Sarah together. And then ...” He pulled Sherlock closer and spoke softly against his lips. “Then we’re going home.”
The title of the fic is, of course, a quote from the play – one of the most moving lines of the entire play, in my opinion.
“Clearly Mycroft contacted you,” he said after a moment.
“That’s why you should let me talk to him,” Anderson told him. “I don’t want to see him just so that I can have an argument with him, but I
He looks down at his hand in bemusement when he realises that it’s shaking while he dials the number.
. can I not get shot at, or have to chase after some knife-wielding maniac because you won’t let the police do their job and will insist on collaring the bloke yourself, or have to apologise to half the bloody world for your stupid behaviour, or get half blown up, poisoned or driven out of the flat by one of your stupid experiments, or have you constantly texting me because you can’t be arsed to walk across the room to pick up a pencil, or sending me off on your errands because you’re too lazy to collect the samples or the bloody reports you urgently need which aren’t urgent at all ...”
Despite his usual reluctance to eat
“You don’t always get it right, Holmes. Obviously you
It was twelve and a half hours since they had captured the last of Moriarty’s lieutenants – a long and exhausting year of chasing around the world tracking down each of them and ensuring that they were out of commission permanently. They had run the last one to ground in Brussels at eight o’clock that morning after an all-night chase across the city, following several different leads until they finally found him hidden in a basement of a house not far from the city centre. As he was being loaded into a police van under the watchful eye of a support team sent by Mycroft, Sherlock and John turned to each other and stared in amazement when they realised that the job was finally done, then said simultaneously, “London,” before turning and starting to run in the direction of the nearest Eurostar station. Sherlock was already texting Mycroft as they went, demanding that tickets and passports be provided immediately. Despite all the paperwork being handed to them within twenty minutes of them jogging into the station, they had a frustrating three hour wait for the next train, although this gave Mycroft’s people the chance to bring them a change of clothes and some English money.
“He would
“God almighty,” Lestrade grumbled. “How you
annoying as he was when he was
“Silverstone?” John repeated in an amazed voice. “
as evil as you assume.
Traumatic events affecting the inhabitants of 221B result in Anderson finding himself at the local hospital offering to try and help.
“You can’t do this to John.  If you make him believe that you’ve killed yourself, how do you think he’s going to cope?”
“I think we’ll go left,” the driver said, switching on his indicator, then added, “No, we’ll go through the village.” He changed the direction of the indicator, then pursed his lips. “No, we’ll go left.” Again he flicked the stalk on the steering column. “But it’s busy down the main road. But then it’s busy in the village too ...”
meant to ask.
can you decide what to do next.”
to know exactly what was going on, because it was too much to handle. It wasn’t possible. It
fanfic who may not know my co-authors’ names – do note that all four writers are well known for their NC-17 ratings.  Each of these stories is raunchy, and the third one contains honest-to-goodness porn!
if you let him go.  Are you going to stop, or are you going to leave your partner to his fate and possibly let him die?”
you could be.”
She looked thoughtful, then smiled.
about him, compare notes on what we knew about him. Laugh about things he told us about you. Talk about the madder cases he told us about, find out if he was exaggerating at all. We want to remember
. He likes her a great deal, he enjoys her company and he missed her when she was away from him. She knows he doesn’t love her in the same way, but she also knows he
All right, I’ll admit that long after I’d come up with the idea for this story, my ebil plotbunny – my very own Emily even though she’s called VerityBun, and the creator of every twist I’ve ever written – popped into my head and suggested that although there was already the twist of all those conversations between Emily and Sherlock actually taking place in his Mind Palace, I could put a much twistier twist right at the end.
him a life.
“Baker Street,” John told him glumly, adding the post code which the man typed into his satnav.
“We want to mourn him by celebrating him. And we can do that better if you’re there, celebrating
has to make the first move.”
John stomped into the kitchen, hauled the bags onto the table and began to unload them, grumbling quietly. For a while there was no sound from the other room, then Sherlock emitted a high-pitched whine which continued for several seconds. Alarmed, John hurried into the lounge to be greeted by the sight of Sherlock sliding in slow motion off the sofa and onto the floor, apparently unable to prevent himself.
“Just a bit?” she pressed.  Sherlock looked back at her stubbornly and she grinned at him, then turned to John.
,” Sherlock insisted, gripping the arm of the sofa more firmly.
“We’ll be bored within days,” he told John cheerfully.
“Next, please.”
“Rosie.  If she sees it, she’ll want it.  I’ve seen her with other teddy bears.  I saw the way she protested when she was playing with Mrs Turner’s granddaughter and wanted her teddy bear, and Mrs Turner told her she couldn’t have it.  Clearly Rosie is a born arctophile.”
It was impossible.  The agony shooting through his left shoulder was excruciating and John couldn’t stop shaking, making the pain worse.  Infection had set in badly after the surgery and despite the Army doctors’ best efforts, John was hovering on the brink of death.  After everything he had gone through since being shot, he was almost ready to give up.
Fairly straightforward.  The man-who-thought-he-was-scary-but-really-wasn’t walked away nonchalantly twirling his umbrella.  All right, maybe he was a
“He’s in my way. Can I kill him?” he asked.
“So maybe now you understand why I am reluctant to allow in anyone who is likely to make my brother’s state of mind any worse. I know about you, Doctor Anderson – I know about you and
“I’ll be the cause of his death if I
“I can’t afford a flat in Baker Street.”
“But why do you even
He refocused his gaze on the man in the bed and his voice became more harsh.
“Want me to come with you?” John called after him.
“Oh, yes, I remember.”  She looked at the way that John was staring teary-eyed at the bear.  “Do you want to take it with you?”
“You can’t live in this flat for much longer.  If the damp doesn’t kill you, the landlord probably will.  He’s quite cross with you about the damage you’ve done to his kitchen.”
It was thirty-eight months since the boys – badly injured in the explosion – had been smuggled out of England and onto the continent to continue their recovery.
Sherlock winced.  “Someone I’ve known for a very long time,” he said quietly.
. Have you caught up yet?”
?” John asked, fury starting to bubble up inside him.  He paused and forced himself to apply the lessons he had learned during the anger management course he was three-quarters of the way through.  Why was he feeling anger?  Was he angry at himself, or at the person who had started the feeling of anger?  Reluctantly he admitted to himself that, in an ideal world, he
“Don’t bother telling me what your last slave died of,” he told him grumpily. “I think I can guess.”
If you’re interested in seeing these stories, you can click into them below but – for the benefit of newer readers of
, Holmes, and even if
saint bartholomews.
“Yes, dear.  So you’ll think about it?  If you want to make a career of this detecting lark, you need to make a good impression, both to the police and to your private clients.”
For a moment he looked at me anxiously but then the belligerence of the drunk began to take hold and he scowled, attempted to draw himself up to his full height and poked at my shoulder with a finger. “Now look here, Mike ...” he began.
“I never searched his bedroom,” John said quietly.  “You always started in here while I did the lounge, and then we both did the kitchen.”
, John.”
“Go away.”
“Emily ...”
“Emily ...”
“I know you kept the teddy bear,” John said abruptly.
She looked thoughtful for a moment, then smiled across to her new employer.
you, anyway?”
remember him, and celebrate him, and
Sherlock’s reaction was when he opened the box and looked inside.  There was no obvious sign of anger or annoyance; neither did he seem impressed or pleased.  He seemed to have switched off completely, continuing to look down into the box but not reacting in any way.  When he finally started to lift his head, John couldn’t stand it and surged to his feet and turned away before Sherlock could look at him.
All right, so maybe I
Anyway, if you want to end reading this collection on a more cheery note, I recommend that you stop at this point!  If you do continue,
She stood up as he began to writhe on the filthy mattress.  “You’re already starting to come down,” she told him.  “You know it’s going to get bad.  Call Mycroft before you’re incapable of using a phone.”
find himself buying a bear for Sherlock it wasn’t intended as a joke – John would never be that unkind – but at the start of a new case he had noticed how Sherlock had been slightly distracted when the client came to Baker Street and brought her six year old daughter with her.  The little girl had almost inevitably started to get fractious within a few minutes of their arrival, bored with the serious conversation going on around her.  The moment she started to whine and tug on her mother’s arm, Mrs Draper reached into her large handbag, pulled out a teddy bear and handed it to her daughter, suggesting that she go and play on the sofa and let the grown-ups talk.  The girl scrambled up onto the cushions and played quietly with her bear for the rest of the interview.
Both of the men looked shaken.  She smiled at them fondly.
Emily looked across at John, noticing his bewildered look.  “When he was eight years old, I taught him how to build a Mind Palace,” she explained.
,” he told him worriedly.  “Please, Sherlock, I’m really tempted, but if it all goes wrong and we have to move out again, it’ll kill me.  You need to be sure that you can cope with both of us living in your home.”
Sherlock’s gaze had become a little more focussed and less intimidating, and Anderson pressed on determinedly.
“I don’t need you.  I’m in complete control. Go away.”
After packing both his
?!  My readers would kill me to death with sticks!’ – it kept nagging, to the extent that when the title of the story suggested itself to me one Saturday evening, I had no choice but to wake up early on Sunday morning and go straight onto the computer and start writing.  At the time, I was a dedicated, website-running, Formula 1 Grand Prix fan and this was the Sunday of the Monaco Grand Prix, but my fic was so determined to be written that I ended up recording the race and carried on writing instead, finishing it by the end of the day and posting it the next morning.  Thankfully, the comments from my few readers didn’t express the need to murder me and, while the story had made them very sad, they didn’t actively hate me for writing it.
But now he has to disappear; to vanish from the world and leave no trace of himself behind. At long last he has a good reason to change his name, a reason that even his late parents and his oh-so-very-annoyingly-alive brother will understand and forgive him for.
to stop me going in there?” he demanded of the man. “Who the hell
“She said that she’s been renting out some of the rooms and now there’s a vacancy.  Why don’t you see if they’re suitable for you?”
“You went to Scotland Yard?”
Smiling apologetically at me, he took Anderson’s arm and attempted to steer him away but the inebriated man simply pulled his arm away and turned back towards me, stepping into my personal space and gazing vaguely in the direction of my eyes. “Not Steve,” he told me, nodding reassuringly. “I’m not Steve, OK, Mike?” He burped into my face.
