Fifteen minutes after that, Castiel is back to deconstruct the tower of foam wedges Dean has piled up as he tried to follow Castiel’s directions.
He doesn’t tell Sam about quitting. He figures he’ll tell him when it’s a done deal and save Sam a lot of worry. One day he’ll just mention it, casually. It won’t be a big thing.
The next day is Saturday and it’s Castiel’s turn to run the weekend reference service. He supposes he shouldn’t complain, since he only has to do this once a month, but still. No one loves their job so much they want to come in on the weekends. It’s always deadly slow on the weekends, making the time drag. He thinks they’d probably do away with weekend hours altogether if it wasn’t for Chet—amateur genealogist and cousin of Dick Roman, president of the board of trustees. Chet likes to come in on the weekends, when it’s quiet, so he can commandeer the microfilm reader for eight hours straight.
“You can leave any time you like, Cas, but if you wait until tomorrow I’ll drive you myself.”
Dean makes a face that Castiel cannot for the life of him interpret. “Nah,” he says, “I doubt any of my research will ever be fit for public consumption.”
The next few people to speak are more what Dean’s come to expect: they tell stories, they talk about the steps they are working through, they talk about setbacks and breakthroughs. For the first time, Dean really pays attention to the introductions and he realizes the range in the room. Before, he’d always felt like everyone else in the meeting knew some secret he’d yet to understand about how to just—how to just stop drinking. But now he looks around: the woman to his right is only a week sober, and Al, who has been a fixture of meetings since he first started coming here, only has three months. Some people talk about relapsing multiple times, yet they have years of sobriety now.
“Yeah, but Sammy’s the smart one.”
“I’ll bet,” he says, but not unkindly. “My ride’s not as flashy, but I’m pretty proud of it.” He points to a little red Nissan truck, probably from the nineties, the kind of compact pickup they don’t really make anymore. One door is orange, but it’s otherwise in great shape. “I got it new off the lot the same day I got sober. Twenty five years later and we’re still together.”
in a lovely pierced vellum binding before Dean drags him over to a table to get back to the stolen
“Anyway, it’s shit like this I need your help with. We’re real damn close to figuring this one out, but with Sam out of commission I’m flying solo on the lore, and I’ll be real honest I could use the back up—never hunt alone and all that.”
Instead, he finds himself in an underground bunker beneath a derelict power station in Lebanon, Kansas, with Dean’s painfully earnest brother hovering nearby radiating so much anxious energy it’s setting Castiel’s teeth on edge. Probably, he should be terrified. He’s not. He’s highly annoyed. Not just that the flirtation was pretense, but that instead of a serious researcher, Dean’s just certifiably delusional.
. As he suspected, it has no mention of the substituted leaf. He makes a note for the volume to be sent to technical services when it’s returned so the record can be updated. He also finds a digital facsimile of a copy with the correct leaf and prints it out to give to Dean, but by the time he makes it back to the reading room, Dean is gone.
Dean’s face flushes with excitement. “You mean it’s not original.”
for treatment. It was “conserved” poorly in the early twentieth century and most of Naomi’s treatment will involve trying to undo what was done to it.
The library in the bunker is actually pretty exciting. It definitely has a theme: obscure works of natural history and alchemy abound, although he spots a few familiar titles as well. He gets wholly absorbed leafing through a first edition of Fuch’s
“It’s Castiel.” With that, he finally pushes through the door, closing it behind him so that he doesn’t trip the alarm system. He’s a few minutes late, now, but still manages to finish the opening procedures in time. And if he has a smile lingering as he unlocks doors and turns on lights, no one is there to see it.
Sam frowns, like he’s trying to figure out where Dean is going with this. “Yeah, Dean. I know who Kevin is. And I do think about him. A lot actually. Why?”
“This ain’t exactly
The engine is a low growl as Dean navigates out of the tangle of streets around the library, leading to the highway. He clears his throat and glances over at Castiel, assessing.
Theoretically, this shouldn’t bother Dean all that much. He’s accepted, a long time ago, that he’s a fuck up. On the other hand, if he’s powerless to control his drinking, what’s the fucking point. How do you stop doing something if you have no power? This is why he keeps thinking AA is a bunch of garbage. Just a bunch of drunks and teetotalers going Oprah Winfrey on each other in a circle while they drink the worst coffee known to man.
Dean waggles the book in front of him so the cover shows. “Looking for a spare shirt, got distracted.”
Benji grins. “It’s amazing, isn’t it? I think about… it’s less about the love I have for any individual person and more just about the fact that love exists. And I just get—” He shivers in his seat. “It’s really something, to be alive.”
“You’re telling me after twenty five years it hasn’t gotten easier?” Benji shrugs again, stubs out his cigarette under his shoe. “Then why do it at all?”
Dean makes a face, because he’s pretty sure that the first step is admitting you have a problem. That’s what everyone says. Get yourself out of denial. Someone even joked last meeting: Denial, it ain’t just a river in Egypt. He’s always heard this.
Benji laughs again. “Alright you got me there: there is a deeper meaning, and part of working the step is figuring out what that means for you.”
“What are you doing in here?” Sam asks.
It’s more than a month later, snow now thick on the ground, when Castiel walks outside after work one day and finds Dean loitering in the parking lot, managing to seem very cool and also not unlike a skulking teen outside a convenience store at the same time. He’s leaning on the hood of a black car—something classic that isn’t immediately identifiable to Castiel. But it reminds him of Dean instantly: flashy without being ostentatious.
Even though Cas has his own place, he still has a room in the bunker. Sometimes Dean hides out there when he’s avoiding Sam. Cas has a few clothes and some books he’s done reading and has left behind. Dean always rifles through his stuff like he’s gonna find some big secret diary or something but he’s never found anything more incriminating than a few ticket stubs from movies.
, “our lives, our family shit, Kevin, hell, the pit, all of it. It’s with me all the time and I’m pretty messed up too. You don’t have the market cornered on being fucked up.”
Sam and Dean exchange a look that Castiel can’t quite interpret, but that he’s seen on the faces of colleagues before. Usually when he monologues about books. It’s a habit he’s tried to break but under the circumstances it seems like the habit he’s been abducted to perform.
“So it’s been a couple of weeks; how are you feeling?” Benji asks as their waitress leaves to put in their order.
vibe because Diane gives him this incredibly motherly smile, the kind he dreamed about when he was a kid and still fantasized about his own mom coming back—of course then his mom did come back and she never looked at him like this. It both settles and unsettles something in him to see it.
Dean blushes, deeply, and Castiel feels a warm flush suffuse him at the sight. Dean is probably a dangerous criminal who seems determined to become the next Forbes Smiley, and has by his own admission killed people and monsters, but he’s also charming. And he has a great library.
Dean considers this. He remembers conversations with his father when he was a kid—John was always defensive about his drinking. He was always telling Dean he didn’t need to drink, that he just wanted to. When Sam was at Stanford, John would leave for weeks at a time, chasing demons but also, Dean discovered later, just holing up in hotel rooms and drinking himself into oblivion. He’d drink around Dean too, but less often than you’d think. It was always a weird thing between them, when they’d drink together.
“See I think you can,” Dean says. “For one thing--something that’s been bothering me is that this copy has two pages with that weird watermark; why is one printed and one not?”
Dean shakes his head. “Nothing really, man, I just think about him sometimes.” Dean’s not really sure where he’s going with this, but Kevin’s death is like a sore tooth he can’t stop worrying, a perfect storm of his own bad decisions that he’s never been able to move past.
“Did he ever…” Benji trails off gently and lets Dean fill in the gap.
“Yeah, Cas.”
“This is the watermark,” Castiel points. “It’s an artifact of the paper’s manufacture. This is handmade paper--the paper mould would have a design worked onto it in wire, and when the sheet is formed that wire left this impression.”
His hands gripped Dean’s hips, bringing him closer as any doubt about Dean holding back began to disappear completely.
“Okay,” the witch said as she started pulling supplies from the black bag that hung from her shoulder. She hummed as she sat a stainless steel bowl on the table, along with three glass vials full of red liquids, a bundle of herbs, a larger vial full of black ashes, and a mixing spoon.
Looking over his shoulder, Dean said, “Bringing your stuff into my room.”
Cas pulled back slightly, hesitating as to whether or not he should keep kissing Dean.
“Is that…?” Cas pointed to the ground. “Can we…?”
Cas tugged Dean’s hand, pulling him to a stop. “There’s a stream up ahead, I can hear it. We need to get cleaned up.”
“Dean?” Cas asked.
Dean jerked the wheel to the right, the tires kicking up clumps of snow and dirt as they veered into the grass. He quickly jerked it back, centering them back into the right hand lane.
Sam loudly cleared his throat, clearly uncomfortable. “Um, Dean, what are you doing? I’m trying to eat over here,” Sam said, his eyebrows raised in question.
They were barely moving and Dean found himself staring down at their hands clasped together. He liked the feel of his hands wrapped around Cas’. Their hands fit together perfectly. It was such a perfect fit that it was hard to see any difference between Cas’ hands and his own. His eyes stared back at the man in front of him and he smiled at the look of sheer concentration on Cas’ face.
“Is it too soon to ask her out?” Cas asked, his brow furrowed in worry.
Cas pulled his shirt down and frowned. “That all happened when I was an Angel. The pain is different now that I’m human. Pain, emotions…everything is exemplified ten times more than when I was an Angel.”
Cas squinted down at Dean. “I do?”
“First drawer on my nightstand.”
Dean let out a small gasp. “The spell is gone.”
With a stern nod, Cas said, “I’m sure,” and walked back towards the bar.
“Dean?”
They both jerked around when a loud growl floated out of the woods. The unicorn swished its tail and began to speed up, feeling the threat that lurked out of sight.
Catching Dean staring, Cas gave him a smirk as he reached down and grabbed his boxer shorts. After sliding them on he sat down beside Dean and said, “You’re shaking.”
Dean swallowed hard, a lump full of regret stuck in his throat. Why had he let Cas leave in the first place? As he stood on the sidewalk staring up at concerned blue eyes, he now had no idea.
“Anyway, we’ll leave at dusk tonight,” Dean said, clearly ignoring Sam’s comment and changing the subject.
He helplessly watched houses and towns fly past the window, and an hour later they were slowing down on a quiet, dead end street that was lined with small cottage style houses. The cab came to a stop and he looked out the window to see a small, blue cottage style home. The front porch light was on as if the person was expecting someone. Dean frowned as he looked up at the house.
Dean looked down at his body and nodded. “Yeah, I’m fine. But, I missed.”
“His favorite is the sunrise special, so he’ll have that,” Dean broke in, giving Cas a wink. “Isn’t that right, Sunshine?”
The young girl sat on the edge of her bed, hands resting in her lap, and her lips pressed together in determination. “They have it in there and they’ll make it back, I’m sure of it.” She pushed a strand of dark brown hair that was lightly streaked with burgundy from her face and gave the woman a nod. She prayed her parents didn’t wake up, she didn’t want them to ruin the deal she was about to make with the witch.
They rode with the icy air blowing in on them and the radio blasting for the remainder of the ride there. Cas’ fingers felt like they were developing frostbite and he noticed Dean’s lips were turning purple, but any thoughts they had remained on how cold they were, which he figured was Dean’s intention.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas asked as he came up beside him, his hand clutching his shoulder.
“Hot and chocolaty,” Cas stated and gave Dean a smile that was lined with whipped cream.
Cas nodded as he took his hot chocolate from the guy.
Dean leaned in close, his lips threatening to brush against the full lips that had always been a soft spot for him, and said, “What’s the matter, Cas? Am I invading
Dean yelled and bolted towards them, not understanding why Cas had just stood there. He dove in between the monster and Cas, his instincts wanting to turn to Cas first to make sure he was okay, but he knew he had to kill the monster first. He just hoped Cas could heal himself here. He turned his back to Cas, his body shielding him from the monster that was now creeping closer to them, and readied his sword. As the monster lurched forward, he slung the sword violently towards it, but it veered to the left. He took a few steps towards it, determination showing in his confident stance, while his green eyes followed its every move. He watched its legs sidestep to the right, but his instinct told him to go the opposite direction. He bolted to the left just as the monster changed direction. He drew his sword back and slung it forward with all the strength he had, and as he felt the sword slide deeply into the monsters chest, he gave it a quick twist. The monster let out a wail that seemed to echo for miles and warm blood ran down the sword and onto Dean’s hand. He pulled the sword out and the monster staggered backwards a few steps before finally falling to its side.
Dean leaned into Cas and wrapped his hands tightly around his waist, trying not to fly off the back from the unicorn’s increased speed. He peered over Cas’s shoulder and said, “What the hell was that?” The jostling from the horse galloping caused his lips to accidentally brush against Cas’s ear.
Ava pulled out another shot glass, filled it and leaned against the table, her low cut shirt falling even lower to show cleavage that begged to be touched. “This one's on me,” she leaned in even closer and whispered.
“Shit!” Dean swore and swerved at the sudden outburst, almost going off the road, but quickly regaining control of Baby. He wiped at his face and looked over to see Cas still flopping around in the seat. Cheese puffs were all over his lap and car. “Dammit, Cas, what’s the matter?” he asked as he pulled over onto the side of the road.
Dean looked up and gave Cas a kiss, wanting a distraction from the fear that was riding shotgun in his mind at the moment. Cas’s lips felt good, and when he opened his mouth to let him in, Dean immediately found comfort when their tongues collided. Their kiss felt different this time. It was urgent, almost as if they both felt their time here was coming to an end. And both fearful of what was ahead. Cas thrust his hands into his hair, gently tugging the longer strands, and Dean gripped his hips and pulled him closer. He couldn’t have him close enough. Any space between them felt too far.
“What?” Sam asked, stepping up next to Dean.
“Dean, watch out!” Cas yelled as the cat lunged at Dean again.
“Yeah, ya do,” Dean said taking the hardness out of his tone and replacing it with a softer one instead, even though it killed him to act like he was okay with the whole date thing.
“We’re good for each other,” Cas stated as he pulled him in for a kiss.
Cas’ eyes danced across his face for a few seconds, almost as if he was considering something that was questionable, but he slowly leaned back into his spot and said, “Thanks, Dean.”
“You’re in a lot of pain. We need to do something to fix this,” Cas said as he pushed Dean backwards against the wall.
“Get ready, something is coming,” Dean said, clutching the sword in his hand tighter.
As the bird descended on Dean, he veered to the right to miss the large wing, and then spun around and slammed his sword into its side. It shook its head in pain and began to thrash around, trying to reach around to grab the sword that was now sticking out of its side.
“You’ll need something to hold onto or you’re going to fly off the back.”
Not looking at him, Dean said, “I said roll your window down.”
Cas took a step inside Dean’s room and headed to the record player. His back was to Dean as he ran his hand along the edge and then moved his fingers around the vintage player. Suddenly Led Zepplin’s song, Thank You, played softly in the room. When he turned around and saw Dean smiling, he said, “Yes, it’s completely alright for me to stay in here. As long as you’re okay with me playing Led Zepplin at night?”
The witch cackled.
Dean cocked an eyebrow at him. “Really, Sam? Was that statement really necessary?”
“Dean?” He yelled before finally making his appearance.
Chapter 2
“Right, because you’ve never been wrong, Dean,” Sam scoffed.
Dean yanked open the door and walked around the front of the car, running his hands through his hair as he inhaled the cold air. He couldn’t do this. It was all too much to handle. His body fought against him, its desperation to get back into the backseat of the car with Cas was on the verge of winning. And if he succumbed, what would happen? He’d ruin his relationship with the only friend he’s ever had, all because of some spell? He couldn’t let that happen. He knew he had these feelings for Cas bottled up for a long time, but there was no way Cas felt the same way and he wasn’t about to ruin things. Cas was only putting out these thoughts because of that damn potion. So, he had to do what he could to fight this until they found a way to end it. He figured it was time to tell Sam.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll be right there,” Dean said, knocking back shot number five. He felt Cas’ presence beside him without looking. It was hard not to feel the energy and tug that pulled him to Cas.
Dean looked down at their clothes and nodded. “Yeah, that’s probably a good idea.”
“You utter one word of a spell and I’ll slit your throat,” he said through gritted teeth.
He shook his head to clear the images from his mind and saw Cas staring at him. He licked his lips and felt himself leaning in to him, needing to feel his lips on his, when suddenly he was being yanked away from the bar and pulled down a hall. He pulled himself out of the haze to see the back of Cas, his hand wrapped around his arm in a death grip as he pulled him farther and farther away from the bar.
They both looked up when they heard the door open. Cas came down the stairs, holding two sacks in each hand. He sat the sacks down on the counter and smiled wide as he walked up to Dean. He paused when he saw the look on his face. “What’s the matter? Did something happen?”
Twenty minutes later they pulled up to a tall, red brick building in the middle of the square. They stood on the sidewalk and peered up at the large building, both admiring the old building.
“The stars are so much brighter here,” Dean said as he stared absently into the clear sky.
Cas looked at him and said, “Well, it is better than walking through all these woods. Plus, it will be faster.”
Cas looked behind them again and squinted in confusion at the empty road behind them. “But…”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas said.
They ran towards the center of the clearing where the unicorn was rearing up, trying to fight off the large bird. When the bird caught sight of them, it turned its attention on them, leaving the unicorn alone. The unicorn whinnied and ran off, its tail swishing behind it.
Sam shrugged and said, “I don’t know. There was a note on the table that said he had some business to take care of and he’d be back.”
Dean shot him a look and nodded. “Yeah.”
Laughing and shaking his head, Sam followed them to the hallway, wishing he could’ve seen them riding a unicorn.
After downing the fourth shot, he turned to see Sam staring at him. “What?”
Sam threw his hands up. “It’s just what, Dean? I thought we were done with keeping secrets?”
With a death grip on Dean’s hands, Cas said, “I didn’t realize this was going to be so complicated.”
“That’s it, Dean,” he said, pointing to the biggest tree on the lot.
Cas stood to his right, his stance mimicking Dean’s as he said, “It seems we’ve been cast into an alternate world of some kind. The question is why and what are we going to have to face?”
Squinting in confusion, Cas nodded and handed the waitress the menu. She glared at Dean and then gave Cas a sweet smile before turning to place their order.
“Yeah, right after I get a drink.”
Dean finally looked at the girl, Heather, remembering her pressing her hand against the symbol and telling them they would thank her later. “So, you put a curse on us?” Dean asked.
“You’re probably regretting all those nights you turned me down when I said I’d watch over you, aren’t you?” Cas said, his voice was laced with sarcasm and he gave a little laugh.
“I’m not feeling anything weird here, are you?” Cas asked as he leaned in and studied a painting of a head that was half horse and half tiger. He frowned as he studied it and then looked over at Dean.
“Uh, Cas,” Cas said, his gaze shooting to Dean.
“Dean, look!” Cas exclaimed as he pointed at the horses.
“What the hell is so funny about this?” Dean questioned.
Sam turned to Cas. “Why are you sorry? What’s going on between you two?”
Sam’s gaze shifted from Dean to Cas and then back to Dean, waiting on an explanation.
Sam laughed. “Man, we need to end this spell soon. I’ve told you three times where we’re going but you can’t keep your eyes off Cas long enough to listen. I mean, it’s normal for you two to stare at each other, but now it’s amplified to the tenth power.”
“Dean,” was all Cas got out before Dean was bounding up the stairs towards him.
Before Cas had a chance to zap or push them out of the way, the horse slid to a stop in front of them, throwing clumps of dirt at their face. Dean hunkered down against Cas’s back, shielding his face from the debris. Cas didn’t even flinch, he just threw one arm in front of his face, the other arm wrapped protectively around Dean.
As soon as he stepped inside, he headed straight for the bar. “I’ll take two shots of Whiskey.”
“Our ride is waiting,” Dean joked as he followed Cas to the horse.
“So, you’re okay with me busting up your date tonight then?” He asked with a cocky grin.
He shoved his keys into his pocket and threw a few twenties on the bar before nodding at the bartender and heading out to catch his cab. As he opened the door, snow fell in large flakes from the night sky, coating the small town in a blanket of white. He saw the cab waiting at the curb and headed towards it. He gave the cab driver a nod and said in an obvious slur, “Just take me home.” He knew the cab fare would be outrageous, but he didn’t care. He wanted his bed, not some crappy hotel room. He’d had his fair share of those and right now he wanted the comfort of his home. It was a rare feeling to have a place to call home.
Cas looked down at the food thoughtfully and then up at Dean. “What’s this?”
With Cas so close, his warm breath tickled Dean’s neck as he spoke, but he found that he had no urge to pull away.
“Dean, wh- what are you doing?” he stammered, and his eyes fell to the water. The remaining light from the sun reflected onto the water, illuminating Dean’s hand on his upper thigh. Cas watched his hand gently squeeze his leg and inch upwards. His stomach flipped and he couldn’t help but like what he felt.
Cas looked down at his clothes and said, “Um, Dean…”
A rush of relief washed over Dean as he stared down at the word. He felt Cas’s presence behind him even more clearly now, and when he turned back to him, he felt the love he had for him emerge from a hidden spot deep inside his heart. He’d had these feelings tucked away, trying to deny their existence for some time, but the key had finally been found. He stared at him not sure what to say exactly when Cas reached his hand out to him.
Laughing, Dean wrapped his arm around Cas, pulling him close as he led him away from the ashes of denial. “Yes, Cas that’s what people say when someone shows up late to something.”
“Dean, it’s only five in the evening. The library doesn’t close until eight,” Cas said simply.
“Here, you have ketchup on your face,” Dean said as he gently wiped the side of Cas’ face. He paused mid swipe as their eyes met, each one noticing that the spell had simmered into more of a pleasing, sensual feeling as soon as they touched. Dean swallowed, not able to take his eyes off Cas, and suddenly he was running his thumb across the stubble on Cas’ jaw.
“No problem. I’m Ava,” she said.
“Dean, he just cooked us breakfast last week,” Sam stated as he took a seat across from Cas, eying his plate of food.
“She’s anxious and frightened which means something is coming,” Cas said, letting his blade drop from the sleeve of his trench coat.
“Shit!” Dean yelled as he stepped in front of Cas and lunged at the beast. He thought he heard Cas yelling behind him, but he felt this strong pull to defeat this beast himself. He thrust the sword at the monster, and dove to the right when he missed. The monster charged him again and he saw Cas coming up from behind. He shook his head at Cas, hoping he would understand that he
The cat jumped on him, its claws digging into his skin. He felt the hard ground beneath his back and he knew this would be the end of them if he didn’t fight with everything he had. He knew he had to let go of the fear of losing Dean or he’d never win this battle. His hands were pressing against the cats neck trying to keep its mouth away from him. As saliva dripped down onto his face, he removed one hand and searched the ground for his sword. The cats mouth inched closer and Cas felt his arm losing strength. Just when he thought he couldn’t hold the cat off any longer, his fingers wrapped around his blade. He let out a snarl as he shoved the blade into the belly of the cat. The animal wailed and Cas felt hot blood trickle down onto his body. Breathing hard, he pushed the large cat off of him, and crawled over to Dean.
24 hours earlier
They started walking down the path towards a small stream. Dean leaned down and washed his hands and face off before cupping the water in his hands and drinking. Cas mimicked Dean, and when they were done, they turned to find their unicorn waiting for them.
At the feel of his body pressing deeper into his, Dean glanced at Cas from the corner of his eye. This would be the moment that Dean would release his grip on Cas and continue walking with space between them, but he kept his arm around him this time, letting himself enjoy the moment. Plus, it helped that Cas didn’t seem to mind, if anything, he was melting into him even farther. Maybe he was cold, Dean thought, and pulled him in even closer. With Cas this close, he could smell the light honey scent of his shampoo and feel the day old stubble rub against his neck. He clenched his jaw at the feeling, knowing it would never be anything more than this right here. Cas was his best friend. He couldn’t cross that line with him. And, he was positive Cas didn’t feel the same way. Cas had plans with a woman tonight, not a man, and not him. Maybe he would rather have been with that, Stephanie or Sandra girl, whatever her name had been. That thought caused Dean’s grip around Cas to loosen.
“Well, the plan worked, didn’t it?”
Cas took a step back as black ash shot up into the sky and then flew all around, coating them in soot. Dean came up beside him and looked him over to make sure he was alright.
He wondered.
The cab driver didn’t say a word as he pulled away from the curb and onto the deserted, snow covered street.
“This door?” Cas asked as he took a step towards it. He always tried going into the dangerous situations first, but Dean didn’t always let him.
Dean turned his back on them and wiped down the counter. “Yeah, well, Cas is newly human so he doesn’t know how to cook yet.”
The lights from the tree gave a beautiful white glow behind Cas, reminding Dean of Cas’ true Angel form. Angel or human, he was perfect regardless. Without looking at the tree, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and said, “Yes, you are.”
Dean found himself melting into Cas’ embrace, finally letting himself relax for the first time in forever. Cas’ fingers were on the verge of putting him to sleep, but he remembered there was something he had wanted to ask him. “Hey, Cas, why do you think the spell affected us differently? I was in pain, but you weren’t.”
Dean gave Cas a wink. “Well, you kinda crossed the line tonight, Sammy,” Dean began in a hard tone. When he saw Sam’s face fall in confusion, he added. “But, you’re lucky it was in a good way.”
They looked at each other and Cas gave Dean another slight nod.
“Um, you have pieces of feathers in your hair,” Sam said as he pointed towards the back of Dean’s head.
It circled around and began to pick up speed, its wings flapping so fast they were nothing but a blur. It flew towards them, and just when it seemed it would be out of reach again, it dropped down towards them at the last minute. Their swords raised into the air in unison, both plunging deep into the birds body. It yelled out in pain and fell to the ground. They took a step back at the sight of the bird now on the ground with them and watched it struggle to get to its feet. Even though blood dripped from its body and coated the ground, it took off towards them, its beak open wide as it screamed. Cas charged towards it and Dean circled around behind it.
“Dean, it looks like we’re standing under a mistletoe. Isn’t it a tradition of humans to kiss under it?” Cas asked as he studied the mistletoe hanging above their heads.
They walked through wooded trails for several minutes before finally emerging into an open field.
Dean pulled in a long breath, trying to stay calm. He eyed the navy blue shirt Cas was wearing and took in how it hugged every muscle on his torso and brought out his baby blue eyes perfectly. He gritted his teeth and said, “This is the tenth shirt you’ve asked me about. You look great in everything, Cas.”
Cas scowled as he continued to mop up the beer. “Well, Dean, we can’t all be perfect,” he said, his eyes finding Dean’s.
Dean grabbed his beer and stood. “I’ll be in my room.”
“We’ve known each other for a long time, and I feel like this is our last night here in this place. But I just want you to know that…” he paused and looked away for a second. When he brought his blue eyes back to Dean’s, he said in a low voice, “I love you, no matter what happens between us, I love you more than you’ll ever know.” His eyes dropped, and he looked defeated, almost like he was already giving up. He didn’t want to sound uncertain, because he had never been more certain about his feelings for Dean, but he could feel Dean’s fear and it was overwhelming him. No matter what he did to prove himself to Dean, he never did the right thing, and he was afraid he would fail at this too.
The events from that night hurt. Maybe he should’ve let Cas explain. But dammit, he’d heard enough and what he heard was...enough. Cas had been with him only because he felt Dean wanted it. He let out a heavy sigh and tapped his fingers on the bar, and when the bartender turned around, he held up his empty bottle. The bartender nodded and slid him another one.
The bird cocked its head, one beady eye studying them, as it calculated its next move. It flew down a few feet above their heads, but not close enough for them to reach it.
“Where are we going again?” Dean asked as he made the turn.
They walked down the sidewalk under a mixture of lights and bright, winter stars, neither saying much. When they finally got to Baby, Dean walked over to Cas’ side and said, “Here, let me get that. I think I locked it.” He lifted the handle to the door that was clearly not locked, and opened the door for Cas, “After you,” he gestured with his hand.
“Who’s Sarah?” Dean cut in.
Dean narrowed his eyes. “It’s the spell, dammit. Now that you know, why don’t you put yourself to use and find a cure.”
He leaned in and examined Cas’ face for any signs of an allergic reaction, and seeing nothing, said, “Anyway, you’ve been stabbed, shot, exploded, and tortured, and you’re freaking out over a bee sting?” Dean said, laughing again.
Cas bent down, his gaze focused on something in the distance. He looked concerned and Dean asked, “What? What do you see?”
“What’s up, guys?” Sam asked as he opened the door.
Cas let the horse canter for another thirty minutes before signaling for it to stop. Dean was pretty sure he’d waited that long on purpose, but didn’t argue with Cas about it. As soon as Dean slid off Willow, her head jerked to the side, her ears flew forward on high alert, and she stomped her foot anxiously. Dean hurriedly gesture for Cas to get down, and as soon as Cas’s feet hit the ground, the horse whinnied and took off at full speed, its tail swishing wildly.
“Did you feel that this time?” Dean asked, one eyebrow raised in question.
The ground began shaking and they spun around, standing back to back as they waited for whatever monster was on its way. Trees began to sway violently as huge gusts of wind swept around them. They heard the roar before the monster appeared. It pierced the stillness of the field, doing its best to terrify them.
“Care to elaborate on whose blood it is then?” Dean asked, throwing his hands up at Cas’s vagueness.
Sam grabbed the wheel and jerked them to the center. “Dude, what the hell?”
“I let him in,” Heather said. “I wanted him to be a part of this because it wouldn’t be complete without all three of you here. I just can’t wait to see it all canon on the show for season 13.”
Cas leaned in and elbowed Sam in the side. “That was a nice touch with the mistletoe, by the way.”
Slowly, their kiss became desperate, needy, and Dean found himself wanting more of Cas. He slipped his hand around his waist and underneath his white dress shirt, his fingers finding the bare skin along his side. He raked his fingers up and down, feeling Cas shiver at his touch.
Warm breath tickled his lips as Cas leaned in and said, “Dean, I can’t stop it. I’m sorry. I’m not strong enough. Maybe if I were still an Angel I could, but I’m not. I’m only human now.”
“I’m fine,” Dean argued, dismissing the guy with his hand.
“I just figured I’d take you. I wouldn’t mind seeing what it’s all about anyway,” he said, trying his best to sound casual. He took a sip of his beer, and seeing them both still staring, said, “What?”
Cas claimed Dean’s mouth with his own as if he needed Dean to breathe. Their bodies melted together as one, and the little bit of resistance they had left drifted away into the dark hallway, taking the spell away with it.
“Thank you,” Cas said as he took a seat.
Cas cocked his head, his eyes focused on the direction where Dean had left. “No, but if you wouldn’t have interrupted, he would’ve been by the time this was all over.”
Dean stilled, his back still to Cas as he heard that last thought. He slowly turned around and saw Cas waiting on him to tell him what the plan was.
Cas narrowed his eyes towards the front. “I’m not acting weird,” he said as he ran a hand nervously through his dark hair.
“I’m not sure, but it’s massive,” Cas said as he tilted his head up at the creature.
“Cas, that’s not something Sam or I do,” Dean said. He gave Cas a quick glance just in time to see disappointment replace the excitement he’d had just seconds before.
“What do ya think?” Dean asked when Cas finally made it, throwing his hands out at the view below them.
Dean nodded as he continued to wipe at his eyes.
Heading Home
Feeling Dean’s eyes on him, Cas looked up, and said, “What? I’m dirty,” and then dropped his pants and walked into the river.
Dean gave a slight nod and Cas slowly removed his hands. They both calmly pulled out their weapons as they discreetly scanned their surroundings. It was hard to see with the sun almost gone now. The most they could make out were dark shadows dancing around the woods. As soon as Cas said, “To your left!” a large beast, resembling a black panther, jumped out of a line of trees and charged towards them. It drew back a large paw and swatted at Dean. He darted back and the cat just barely missed him.
Dean started the car and said, “Okay, I guess we’re off to the tree farm.”
“Sam, young women are dying. I think that comes before a stupid love spell on me and Cas,” Dean bit out.
Sweat trickled down their skin and their hands skimmed over each other’s body as they explored new territory they had wanted to feel for a long time. Cas ran his hands through Dean’s hair, tugging gently before leaning down and planting a soft kiss on his lips. Moans filled the silent bedroom and each thrust became more urgent as their climax grew near. Cas’ hand wrapped around the length of Dean, and with each stroke, he felt Dean’s grip on his hips tighten in a silent plea to not stop. Cas never wanted this to end, having Dean completely like this was what he wanted from the beginning, but he felt himself coming undone.
“Funny,” Dean said. He turned when he heard Sam erupting into laughter. “What?” he asked as he cocked his head in confusion.
“Yeah, fine,” he said as he took a seat across from Sam. He leaned back and kicked his feet up on the table, and just as he started to take a sip of beer, Cas walked through and headed towards Sam.
“Yes, I have. I just didn’t want to pressure you.”
Cas and Dean both dove for the bottle, their arms outstretched, desperately trying to snag the bottle before it shattered on the floor. Their heads crashed together as they landed in the puddle of liquid that was pooling on the hardwood from the broken bottle.
Dean threw his hand up. “Cas, I said drop it. Let’s just focus on the job at hand, we’ll deal with whatever this is later.”
Dean broke away and glared at Sam. “Nothing,” he said, dropping the napkin and spooning a forkful of eggs into his mouth.
Dean paced the length of his bedroom, trying to fight the need to go to Cas. It was strong. Stronger than it had been yet. They had spilled the potion on them a little over twenty four hours ago, and it was unbearable. He rubbed his chest at the pulsating pain while sweat dripped down his forehead. Instead of just pain, he was now feeling sick. He could feel his body growing weaker with every passing second.
Dean turned to Sam. “And you were all in? Dude, what if we never came out?”
“We don’t know what it is, so just stay behind me,” Cas instructed as he stepped in front of Dean.
Dean stiffened and gripped the steering wheel tighter.
“Yeah, he did. Looks like he can’t keep promises, though.”
Taking a few steps towards him, Dean said, “Because, Cas, being here in this place,” he threw his hands up as he looked around, and then continued, “has made me realize that we have feelings for each other that go deeper than friendship or brothers. I know I’ve been trying to fight it off, but I think you’ve known all along, but have doubted that I feel the same. That’s why you didn’t feel anything after we killed the first two monsters. It seems that every time we kill a monster, another negative emotion that we’re feeling about us, dies with it.”
The next morning Cas walked into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes with his hair disheveled from sleep.
Dean stopped and stared at him, wanting to pull him into a hug and also wanting to jerk his arm out of his grasp. They stared at each other, both contemplating their next move, when suddenly he was being shoved backwards, his feet almost tripping beneath him. In one swift motion, one of Cas’s hands was gripping his shoulders as he pinned him up against the tree, the other one was clamped against his mouth. The intensity of his blue eyes as they bore into Dean’s was disturbing.
He nodded and Dean sighed with relief when he saw the wounds begin to slowly close.
“Oh,” Dean said. “Well, that’s good to know.”
Dean took in his disappointment and sighed. “No, no, it’s fine. I’m sure she’ll be thrilled to go on a date with you. Why wouldn’t she be?”
“We should start walking and see if we run into anything that might point us in the right direction,” Cas said as he began to lead the way.
Dean watched him walk out and after a few minutes went downstairs and grabbed another beer. A piece of paper on the table caught his eye and he picked it up. He studied the name, Sarah, along with the phone number for several minutes, and then stuffed it in his pocket, grabbed his beer, and headed back to his room.
“What took you so long?” Cas asked.
Disappearing Doubt
Cas looked around at their surroundings, releasing a sigh that was filled with uncertainty when he saw nothing but an endless amount of tall trees. “I don’t know yet.”
“Dean, I’m fine,” Cas said, pushing his probing hands away. He cocked his head at something in front of them and said, “Look, another word.”
“I see them,” Dean laughed, amused at how Cas could go from a warrior to almost childlike at the sight of something that excited him. But it was rare for them to be alone and have a moment where they weren’t fighting for their life or a monster of some kind. They never had a chance to sit back and enjoy life. Fear was always close on their radar, and when they returned home, he had another fear he now had to worry about. Fear of losing Cas in the way he had him right now. He found himself afraid of leaving this place. Leaving here and returning home only for them to get caught up in always fighting something that they would rarely get opportunities like this, and then to have this intimate connection slowly dissipate. He began to fear that getting his hopes up like this wasn’t going to be worth it in the end. Things never seemed to work out for any of them.
They pulled into the parking lot of Collin’s Christmas Trees, and after parking Baby, they began searching for the perfect tree. Cas was being overly picky and Dean wasn’t sure if they would find a tree that suited his taste, but after thirty minutes of Cas saying no to every one Dean picked out, he finally pointed at one in the back.
Cas rubbed his hands together to warm them up and said, “Well, I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Well, Sam and Sarah were in on it, too,” Cas stated with an amused smile.
“So, pillow fight or a weird game of foreplay?” He waved his hand and said, “Never mind, I really don’t want to know the answer to that. I don’t know why I asked, other than the fact that it was a really strange scene to witness that I still can’t unsee. I’m pretty sure I had nightmares about it last night.”
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam stood there motionless as he took in the scene. Dean’s bare chest was heaving from the adrenaline and he looked down to notice he was only wearing boxer shorts. Cas was out of his trench coat and wearing Dean’s old shirt, his hair was mussed up, and the covers were strewn all over the bed. He just stood there for a moment, not sure what to do or say. “Um, oh my God, I’m sorry. I thought something was attacking you. I mean, like a monster or something. Um, I’m going to go to my room.” He ducked his head, switched off the light, and shut the door before quickly heading to his room.
Dean snorted. “I hope not.”
Dean’s grip on the blade tightened. “What? I don’t believe you,” Dean said.
He felt Cas shudder and pull him in tighter. “Dean, you’ll never lose me.”
“Um, are we ready?” he asked. He looked Dean up and down and narrowed his eyes. “Are you okay? You look like you’re in pain or something.”
Wrangling Worry
“So, how do you know the woman in the picture?” Sam asked as he scanned the living room.
“Come on, let’s get going,” Dean said as he grabbed Cas’s hand.
Cas looked up into the blue sky and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll get him when he comes down again. But we need to keep moving. There has to be a way out of here somewhere.”
“I need a drink,” he stated as he took off towards the door.
“Dean, the best way to get used to the water, is to jump right in,” he said and then quickly lunged for Dean.
“It’s getting dark,” Cas stated as he coaxed the unicorn to a stop. He looked over his shoulder at Dean and said, “Let’s get off here and we’ll start our search again in the morning.”
Running his hand through his hair, Dean said, “It’s kinda a weird spell. Me and Cas…we can hear each other’s thoughts.” He leaned in towards Sam and added, “But it’s not just thoughts, I see images of what he’s thinking about, I feel his emotions, and he sees all of mine. It’s strange man.”
“So where are your parents?” Dean asked as he peeked inside a spare room.
Dean swallowed and nodded. “You look nice, Cas.”
“What’s so funny, Dean?” Cas asked, eying him suspiciously.
yourself feel that way for me. But now I’ve realized that you are okay with it,” Cas said, his voice becoming more confident.
They began walking as they sipped their hot chocolate and waited for the grand lighting of the tree and town square. They stopped next to a railing that overlooked the ice skating rink and watched people skate for awhile. Some were flying and weaving through the crowd like pros. Others were flailing around and falling down on the ice. Dean took another sip of his hot chocolate and looked over at Cas. “How’s the hot chocolate?”
“I don’t sleep, Dean,” Cas said, looking down at him. “But you get some rest and I’ll watch over you.”
Dean popped the top off his beer and said, “Oh, well, I already took care of that for you. I told her you couldn’t go.”
Thirty minutes later, Dean walked out of Cas’s room carrying an old record player.
“I was trying to get information from a ghoul when I heard your prayer.” Cas took a seat across from Dean, his eyes searching him for answers.
An hour later, Dean was dressed in dark jeans, a tight fitting, black long sleeved shirt, and black boots, waiting for Cas by the door. He glanced at his watch and sighed. He looked up when he finally saw Cas walk around the corner, wearing the navy blue, tight fitting shirt he’d shown him last night, and dark jeans. It was still hard for Dean to get used to seeing him in regular clothes, other than the trench coat, but he couldn’t help but appreciate how good he looked tonight.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas asked as he bent down and studied him, his hand still gripping his shoulder.
Dean brushed the feathers out of his hair, giving Sam an annoyed glare. “Shut up,” he said.
Sam jogged to catch up, grabbing his arm and pulling him to a stop. “Dean, are you sure you don’t want to head home and end this spell? I mean, if it’s affecting you physically now, it could potentially do some serious damage before we get home and research it more.”
Chapter 6
The girl nodded.
The witch nodded and when Dean pulled back slightly, she uttered three words, releasing her hold on Sam and Cas. They both straightened, readying themselves to jump in and save Dean as he held the witch against the wall.
That statement sounded so simple right now, but it hit him hard because he had fallen a long time ago. For him. And Dean realized he had fallen, too. Only in a different way than Cas had. He had fallen in love. And it was all so clear right now.
Hoping to catch her off guard, Dean held his gun out and aimed. He heard the blast of the gun, but suddenly the woman was standing in front of him, smiling. He looked down at his hand to see it was now empty. “What the hell?” he said, but with a flick of her hand, he was flying backwards again. He hit the wall and jumped up, only to see her walking towards Cas who was still hunched over in a fetal position on the floor, clearly in excruciating pain. He felt his heart thud with fear at what she was planning on doing to Cas. He pulled out his blade, aimed, and threw it at the old woman. He watched it fly through the air and land in her left shoulder. She screamed out in pain and within seconds he had her shoved against the wall, a blade resting on her neck to keep her from chanting any more spells.
“What the hell?” Dean asked as they stared at the animal in front of them.
The warm rays from the sun felt good against his skin and he slid his boxer shorts on and laid on the bank. He wrapped his arms around himself, trying to stop the shivering. He saw Cas walking towards the bank, and as he emerged from the water, Dean got a full view of his front side. He considered looking away, but couldn’t, and if he were to be honest, he kinda liked the view.
He grabbed the keys to Baby and headed out the door, ignoring Sam as he yelled after him. He needed some alone time to clear his head.
“Okay, okay, I’m going,” Dean said with a grin. With no other choice, he grasped Cas’s waist again and swung his leg over to dismount. He patted Cas’s leg and said, “Your turn.”
While Dean and Cas had been dealing with the effects of the spell, Sam had gathered all the information they needed to get a start on the case they were working on.
“Dammit, where are you taking me?!” Dean shouted as he tried to fight against this strange force. He was completely helpless in the backseat of this cab that was being driven by some…some creature or something.
Cas’ eyebrows drew in as he considered the question. “I’m not entirely sure, Dean. I feel the effects of the spell, but it’s not causing me pain as it is you.”
“I call truce,” Dean said as he tossed his pillow back into its spot.
“It’s perfect,” Cas said, looking over at Dean with a smile.
personal space?” His lips quirked into a half smile as he watched Cas fumble for an answer.
“Yeah, you know, Supernatural?” Sam reiterated.
“Right,” Dean said with a smile.
Chapter 1
“Hello, Dean. You called?” Cas asked.
Dean frowned because they hadn’t picked up any speed yet. “Cas, we’re barely moving.”
“What? I’m hungry, too,” he said with a shrug.
“What?” Dean asked. It was one thing to find Cas snuggled up to him in the middle of the night to keep him warm, but for Dean to voluntarily snuggle into him was a little different. But he was freezing and he found that he wanted to be close to him.
Meeting Cas’s eyes, he said, “Are you afraid of how things will be between us when we get home?”
Dean shook his head and said, “No, actually I don’t.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Sam asked again.
Running a hand through his hair, Dean said, “Well, you’re lucky it all worked out. And how long were we gone?”
Cas looked down at him, frowning in confusion. “Why are you sorry?”
Dean finally stopped pacing and said, “It’s just…” he began.
Clasping a hand on Dean’s shoulder, Sam said, “A unicorn?”
Cas pulled back slightly as he studied Dean, hesitation and doubt filtered across his face, but then he began to lean in, his eyes fixated on Dean’s lips.
Dean froze as every other time Cas had left plummeted in his mind. The scenario never came out good. They hadn’t even been home more than twenty four hours and Cas was already gone “taking care of things” by himself. What on earth did he have to go take care of? He pulled out his cell phone and began pacing his kitchen. Cas’s automated voice came on directing him to make his voice into a mail and Dean tossed the phone onto the table. “Dammit!”
Dean froze as he retraced his last fleeting thoughts. He hadn’t said that last thought out loud, had he?
They walked towards the pile of ash and stared down at the word, Doubt. Feeling a spark of electricity shoot through them, they both looked at each other.
“We’ll take two hot chocolates.” Dean smiled at the man wearing reindeer antlers on his head and shifted from foot to foot as a cold gust of wind blew. He looked over at Cas to see him shivering. “These will warm us right up.”
Chapter 3
The young girl pulled out a wad of money from her back pocket and handed it to the witch. “Here, I’ve been saving all summer.”
Cas frowned, not understanding at first why Dean wouldn’t want to tell Sam because Sam was pretty good at finding ways to fix spells or curses. “But Sam’s pretty smart at finding ways to stop spells and curses,” Cas said.
“I’m making a stew,” the woman said, grinning to show yellow teeth.
Dean rolled over onto his side, facing Cas. He studied his lips for a minute, contemplating how to say what was on his mind.
“I bet. Spells can get messy.”
The bed squeaked as Cas took a seat on the edge of the bed next to Dean, and as his arm gently brushed up against Dean’s, he felt a flood of lust hit him. Dean began to squirm next to him, visibly uncomfortable, and Cas cleared his throat as a wave of images fluttered in his mind. Now Cas began to squirm at the pictures, not sure how to block them.
Cas nodded and said, “Yes, I did. I feel…different, too. I don’t know how to explain it though.”
He walked downstairs and found Sam and Cas sitting at the table. Sam was doing some research on the computer, hoping to find a case, and Cas was watching,
Cas nodded. “Okay.”
“Cas, no!” Dean shouted, throwing his hands up in front of him, but it was too late. Cas was on him in one swift motion. Strong, wet arms wrapped around his waist and pulled him under the water. He held his breath and tried pushing Cas off him, but he was too strong. A few seconds later, their heads emerged to the surface. Dean gasped and wiped the water from his face, his eyes narrowing on Cas. “Dude, what the hell?”
“Are you Heather?” Cas asked as he stepped forward and shook her hand.
“Yes,” Cas said as he followed behind Dean.
“But isn’t that like a…” Cas started only to get cut off by Dean.
He was met with only silence. The cab driver just continued to look straight ahead, motionless.
Dean stood speechless at the bank as he watched a naked Cas slowly disappear into the crystal clear water. He looked down at his own dirty clothes and shrugged his shoulders as he began to undress himself. As the last piece of clothing fell onto the rocky bank, he began walking towards the water. He dipped one foot into the water and jerked back. The frigid water stung his skin and he winced. “I wasn’t expecting it to be so damn cold,” he said as he stared at Cas and wondered how it wasn’t bothering him at all.
“I told Cas I knew it would work.”
Dean would rather stay here in this moment, this moment he had been secretly fantasizing about for years. “Dammit!” he grumbled, aggravated at the interruption. It had taken them forever to get to this point, only to be interrupted by a damn unicorn in distress.
“Whatever this is, it makes us attracted to each other, okay Sam?” Dean yelled, rolling his eyes and running his hand through his hair in frustration. He knew he’d never hear the end of this from Sam. That was one of the reasons he didn’t want to tell him to begin with. The other reason… he kind of liked hearing Cas’ thoughts about him, even if they were just from the spell, but he would never admit that out loud.
A few minutes went by and his eyes drifted shut as his muscles began to relax. He jerked awake when he felt a tap on his boot and looked up to see Cas peering down at him. Dean pulled the headphones off and said, “What’s up, Cas?”
Dean’s eyes shot to the rear view mirror. “Why do you care, it’s just a spell to you.”
Baby suddenly veered into the other lane towards oncoming traffic.
“Yes, that has to be a first for us,” Cas replied, and began to walk towards the creature.
Smirking at how awkward Cas was acting, Dean turned away and said, “You ready?”
As Dean’s head fell back against the seat, he realized he hadn’t given the cab driver his address. He quickly rambled off his address to the cab driver and when he didn’t get a response, he recited it again. He leaned forward and looked out the front window, realizing they weren’t even heading in the right direction.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked and watched as a startled Cas jumped, his long fingers skimming the edge of a bottle, knocking it off the shelf, and sending it sailing down to the floor.
The witch paused in the doorway and said, “I watch the show and I think they have those feelings, too. I have faith that this will work.” She smiled, pulled her bag up higher on her shoulder, and then headed out the door.
“That looks like the place up ahead,” Dean said as he peered through the windshield.
In the end he’s grateful that Dean nabbed him with his work bag, since it means he has his pocket microscope and measuring tape and is able to examine the pages in much more depth. His conclusions only confuse him more.
“Do you have any evidence, or is this all just fantasy concocted to justify stealing a six-figure incunable?”
“How so?”
“Thanks, man.” The guy pulls a pack of Camels from one pocket and extracts a plastic fork, the kind you get with take out food, from the other, and proceeds to stick a cigarette between the tines as a kind of bootleg cigarette holder. He lights up and takes a long drag, regarding Dean with a bemused expression.
Castiel sighs. It’s going to be a long night. “Just let me see the book. And bring me a small flashlight, if you have one.”
“Remove the spell you have on them and maybe I’ll let you live,” he added.
Dean stood and looked around, his tall frame tense and ready to fight. “Where the hell are we?” he wondered out loud.
“Dean, the more ground we cover, the faster we’ll find a way out. But, if you really need to take a break, I’m sure I can get Willow to stop.”
She nodded.
“I think she likes you. Should we name it?” Dean asked as he ran a finger up its horn and winced when his finger ran across the tip. “Yeah, that’s sharp.”
He watched the young bartender eye Cas, clearly interested. She slid his drink in front of him and smiled sweetly. “Let me know if you need anything else,” she said gently touching his hand. “Anything.” She raised her eyebrows suggestively.
Dean nodded, knowing he could always count on Cas, and then said, “Great, we leave in an hour.”
“Stupid?” Cas questioned from the back, finally breaking his silence.
“NO! No, it’s nothing, Cas. Just, ah, pretend this didn’t happen,” Dean quickly said, turning away from Cas and running both hands in his hair. This couldn’t be happening.
“Come here,” Cas said as he held out his arm.
He pulled Cas into a hug, squeezing him tightly as he rocked him back and forth, his hand clutching the collar of his trench coat as he struggled with these newfound emotions that he was now feeling.
Dean stopped what he was doing and looked up at Cas. Even though he was tired, the confused look on his face made him smile. “Because I don’t want you all the way down the hall when you can be right here.” He waved a hand around the room. “Is that okay?”
“But, what…”
“Were you guys playing freeze out?” Sam questioned, clearly not letting it go.
“Well, she did tell us we would thank her for this right before she placed her hand on the symbol,” Cas stated. He took a step towards Dean and said, “You’re bleeding. Here, let me fix it.” He leaned in and placed his fingers against Dean’s lips, healing the cut instantly. His fingers brushed lightly against Dean’s lips for a second before falling to his side.
The girl showed them out and Dean turned to Sam. “How did you get here? Because I’m pretty sure we went through a force field of some kind
Turning his attention back to Dean, Cas said, “A girl who works down at the library.”
Dean felt all the emotion relentlessly pulling him to Cas, but as soon as he had placed his arm around him, they had diminished slightly, as if sated by his very touch. “Yeah,” Dean said and leaned in and added, “I’m sorry, it just came over me.” His hand gently squeezed Cas’ shoulder, his fingers trailing along his bicep, and suddenly Cas was leaning into him. Dean tossed another shot back, Cas still nestled under his arm, feeling as if he belonged there. And maybe he did. His rational side was telling him to step back now, because this was beginning to cross the line on their friendship, but his desire was too strong.
“Great,” Dean muttered, and as he held his hand up to knock on the door again, the door flew open, revealing a short, gray haired woman.
Putting a foot up on the table, Dean casually leaned back in his chair, but as he looked up at Cas, he noticed a streak of blood on his trench coat. He sat upright and asked, “Cas, what happened? Are you alright?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas, we don’t even have a tree. Or lights.”
Cab Driver, Take Me Home
“Okay, Sarah, I’ll see you Saturday, then,” he heard Cas say.
Dean laughed again and said, “It’s fine, just hold onto me and I’ll lead you out there.” He wrapped one arm around Cas’ waist and slipped his other hand into Cas’.
“Well, I’m pretty sure I can deal with that.” Dean took his shirt and pants off and climbed into his bed in just a pair of black boxers. He leaned back onto the bed and stared up at the ceiling. His thoughts drifted to the girl, Heather, and her deal. He was thankful for the eye opening experience, but it also hurt him to know that if she hadn’t stepped in, they wouldn’t be where they are now. Why had they both been so stubborn to let themselves feel this?
“Cas, dammit, I told you, you can’t yell like that when I’m driving,” Dean said, looking over to see Cas peering down at his phone, a dopey smile plastered across his face.
“What’s the matter, Dean?” Cas asked, his finger pausing mid twirl in his hair.
“Do I have ‘Chef Dean’ written across my forehead? But, if it’s that big of a deal, Sam, I’ll make you eggs, too.”
The bartender smiled and pulled out two shot glasses and filled them to the top. He tossed them back one after the other and held up his fingers for two more. The bartender eyed him curiously, but obliged without a word.
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam asked.
“Dean,” Cas began. His cheeks were flushed and he was breathing hard, his eyes dancing wildly around Dean’s face, seeking and searching for answers on how to respond to this whole scenario.
Cas paused, his hand resting on the door handle, and turned around. “To the library.”
Cas slowly opened the door and peered inside. Not seeing anything unusual, he opened it all the way. The closet was a huge walk in type, filled to the max with clothes and accessories, and a head to toe mirror on the far wall straight ahead. Cas looked back at Dean and shrugged as he stepped inside.
“Dean!” Cas screamed as he cradled his face in his hands. He quickly covered the gaping wound on his neck with his hand, and sighed with relief when he felt his angelic powers begin to heal. White light blazed from his hand, and when the wound vanished, Dean opened his eyes and sucked in a large breath.
“Cas, I’m warning you…” Dean threatened. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth but he kept his tone even so Cas wouldn’t know.
She eyed them up and down before saying, “Can I help you?”
“Did you find out any information on the case? The faster we solve this case, the faster we can concentrate on our problem. I don’t want Dean any more angry at me than he already is.”
They rode in the buggy for another fifteen minutes as the horse wove them in and around traffic along the snow covered rode. Cas would point at certain lights that would catch his eye and would occasionally discuss what he liked and disliked about how humans celebrated Christmas. Dean found himself nodding and half listening, sidetracked by the spark of excitement in Cas’ eyes and the cozy warm feeling as they sat close in the buggy.
“Thank you, sir, and have a Merry Christmas,” Cas said with a big smile.
The witch stood in front of the young girl and said, “I’m finished here. I’ll give you the magic word when I receive the payment.”
Cas came up behind it, quickly ducking his head to avoid being hit with its wing, and then slammed his blade deep into its chest. The bird screeched loudly, staggered a few feet, before falling to the ground. They both stared at it for several seconds, making sure it was really down this time, and then looked at each other.
“What the hell is wrong with her?” Dean asked as they watched the horse speed down the hill.
An hour later they were headed down I-65 in Baby. Led Zepplin’s song, Stairway to Heaven, was playing, and Dean had the windows down, smirking when he saw Cas trying to smooth down his hair as it blew wildly around. His grin widened when he noticed Cas’s lips moving as he silently sang along to the song. They hadn’t talked about the mixtape Dean had given him, and Dean never even knew if Cas had listened to it, but it was evident now that he had, and it made him feel good. But he wasn’t about to bring it up. He drummed his fingers against the steering wheel in rhythm with the tune, humming occasionally. He’d already given Cas the details of the job tonight and he hoped it would be an easy one. Tonight was his first night home in over a week and he had anticipated having the night off for once, but he never turned down a hunt.
“We’d better see what’s going on.” Cas’s voice came out in a breathy whisper and his blue eyes dropped to Dean’s lips, but he didn’t make any indication that he wanted to move.
The thing about meetings is that they’re the same all over, yet every meeting is a little different depending on the composition of the group. The ones that meet in church basements, for example, have that born again vibe that makes something under Dean’s skin crawl. He likes the ones with a dedicated meetinghouse the best because they have the highest proportion of old timers: guys with tats and thirty years clean and serene who bring grocery store cookies, and no nonsense single moms who make sure the coffee urns get cleaned out regularly, not that it helps the coffee taste any better. Even though he’s not a smoker, he finds he likes the meetings that permit smoking better than the no smoking ones—they just have a better vibe, more laid back. Less judgemental.
Castiel narrows his eyes, “In the grand scheme of my life I do not understand many things. At this moment, the one at the forefront of my mind is why someone would go through so much trouble to steal all these books in the early 2000s only to replace them on the shelves?”
Two minutes later he’s back to rearrange the supports into a book cradle, since Dean had left them untouched at the edge of the desk.
Dean looks away, clears his throat.
Castiel frowns. “It’s eight thirty.”
Dean scoffs--scoffs!--as though breaking into a secure special collections library on a major college campus is no big deal to him. Perhaps, given his surroundings, it really isn’t.
Benji just laughs. “You might stop drinking, but you are powerless to stop being an alcoholic. That’s the part you got to accept.”
“Hello, Dean,” he says, approaching the car. “I didn’t see you in the reading room today.”
Sam shrugs. “I mean it’s not some magic bullet, but it’s a lot easier to take care of the mess up here,” he gestures to his temple, “if I’m not destroying myself along the way.”
Castiel sighs. “I don’t even know what I’ll be going back to. It sounds like Naomi won’t be waiting for me, and with my luck neither will my job. I did disappear suspiciously close to when an irreplaceable copy of an important rare book also went missing.”
Castiel wants to resist this line of reasoning, mulishly, but has to admit that Dean isn’t wrong that there must be a connection.
He goes to meetings all over the country, in the evenings in the downtime between hunts. He guesses Sam thinks he’s probably at a bar. Truthfully, sometimes it’s both: he’ll sit in a meeting, drinking the shit coffee and listening to strangers recount their worst moments in life and then he’ll leave and get wasted at the nearest dive. He doesn’t even know why he goes. He’s not trying to get sober, not really. But every town he finds himself pulled, like he’s swimming fully clothed in a deep river and getting dragged under. If he thinks about it he’ll suffocate. It’s easier not to question it.
“So if not that, how do you think it was created?” Sam asks.
“I’m honestly not sure. If it were a contemporary forgery, I’d assume it had been printed using photopolymer plates. But that technology obviously didn’t exist in the nineteenth century, or even by 1921 when Grenoble died.”
“Sorry,” Dean says, bashful, “I, uh, don’t really do the research bit much these days. Usually it’s Sammy.”
“I just don’t get it,” Dean says, looking down at his hands. “How are you so okay and I’m…. Like I am.”
Castiel nods. “You’re not wrong, although the motive in most cases is a lot more pedestrian than whatever you’re imagining.”
Sam makes a face. “You and Cas share shirts?”
Castiel shrugs. “It’s less unusual than you would think. Maybe the original leaves were missing and had to be replaced. It could have been done innocently—not to deceive but to fill a gap in an otherwise complete copy.”
“So, uh, thanks again for the help. You don’t know it but this information, it’s gonna save lives,” Dean says, painfully earnest. Castiel can’t quite hold in the little awkward chuckle that escapes him—everything is life and death when you’re in graduate school.
“That sounds awful.”
“Do you remember that time we went to the beach with dad? I was like twelve and you were sixteen? We drove out to Myrtle Beach because dad was tracking some kind of witch and we stayed at that motel right by the shore?” Sam’s words startle Dean and it takes him a minute to place the trip--he had genuinely forgotten about it. He smiles, grinning at the memories.
That sounds like a horrible plan, but at least he won’t have to talk about drinking. The thing is, even though he loves Sam to the ends of the earth, and he truly believes Sam loves him back, fundamentally they don’t get each other. Maybe it’s a sibling thing, like how he always sees Sam as someone to protect instead of his equal. And Sam sees him as… God even knows. Some macho façade that Dean created at sixteen to mask the fact that his whole life was monsters and loneliness. Sam’s never really understood him, no matter how many miles they’ve clocked on the road together. They’re brothers, but they’re not friends.
Lester is a surly older guy who sort of reminds Dean of Rufus Turner--he doesn’t say much but when he does it’s clear his gruff demeanor masks a keen intelligence. Truthfully, Dean’s kind of scared of him. Like if he ever talked to the guy, Lester would immediately see through all of Dean’s posturing, see him for who he truly is, all his failings. Al must be Alice, one of the mom types, although her actual children are grown up now. She brings bagels to the Wednesday night meetings and often facilitates the meetings themselves. Dean’s used to being ambushed at meetings, honestly he’s surprised it took this long. He rubs the back of his neck and smiles--he guesses Benji is a better choice than Lester or Al to break the ice.
Dean snorts. “That’s a lot of could.”
“Oh.” Castiel scans the call slip to flag it for reshelving and places the book on a nearby cart. He feels unsure what to do next, so he just stands there, uselessly.
When the credits eventually roll, Dean practically throws himself on the remote to turn the tv off. He’s full of nervous energy and Cas finally seems to realize, turning the full force of his implacable gaze on him from the far side of the couch.
“What else, man? I’ve always wanted to go back but I’ve never had a reason to.”
“I just mean it’s not his job to take care of me, and if I tell him he’ll think he has to clean up my mess. Again.” Dean knows, logically, that he and Sam are way past the stage where Dean takes care of Sam just because Sam is the younger brother. Still, he loathes thinking about all the times he’s needed Sam’s help to get his shit together over the years. Sometimes it feels like Sam grew out of needing him, but Dean just gets needier every year.
“Yeah, Cas. It can be both.”
“Just got in.” Dean’s smile is easy, charming, as it always is. He’s still wearing that worn leather jacket, despite the winter weather. But there’s something about him, some nervous energy that wasn’t there the last time Castiel saw him.
Dean rolls his eyes, even though Benji can’t see him over the phone. He’s willing to put in the work to get sober but it feels like it’s all just one big share and care. He’s not an intellectual, like Sam, and he’s not some multi-dimensional bee philosopher like Cas. Hell, he’s not even on the level of Garth, who has the emotional range of a youth pastor at a Baptist lock in. He’s spent most of his life trying really hard not to think about what things mean to him because he knows if he slows down and looks at it all bare and laid out like that it’s gonna make things a lot worse.
“Anyway, they, whoever they are, probably inserted the leaves for money. Complete copies command higher prices than those with losses—especially losses that include important illustrative material.” Castiel pulls a loupe out of his pocket to examine the page under magnification. “The question we should be asking rather than divining into motives is who did this and when. You said that there are differences between the true frontispiece and this one?”
“Yeah, we could try that.”
“I don’t really know what that means,” Dean admits.
Dean’s answering grimace is apologetic, and he shrugs in an exaggerated way, a full bodied mea culpa.
over and over, confessing his sins to a group of strangers week after week. It’s like Dean’s own personal concept of hell.
“Yeah! Bethany! She was cute. Was that your first kiss or what?”
“I just wanted to say thank you,” Dean says, that bashful look returning to his face. “I know I’m not exactly the brain trust over here. I appreciate all your help.”
He doesn’t reply to Garth’s text, but just lets it sit within him. Benji loaned him a copy of the Big Book and he’s been reading it and there’s just a lot of God talk. Dean’s not sure how to take it. He knows God—like really has met the guy—but at the same time he feels like he doesn’t really know jack shit. After everything, after Cas and Jack and Sam in the pit, God turned out to be a random dude, some loser playing dress up dolls with the universe. He wants to believe, like Garth says, that there’s more to it. Something bigger. Something he truly can’t comprehend.
Cas glowers. There’s not much else he can do. It’s truly the opposite of irony that the endless bureaucracy of University admin means his failed attempts to enhance the security of the stacks have ended up with him here, in nowhere Kansas with two book thieves who are apparently unhinged from reality.
Dean frowns, then lights up again with a new smile. “No problem, I’ll drive you home. We can talk in the car!”
“What does this look like to you?” Dean points at one of the book’s illustrated sections, this one depicting various animals.
“This Sam is your research advisor?” Castiel asks. Dean looks a little old for a graduate student, but it’s not beyond the realm of possibility. It wouldn’t be the first time a faculty member threw a student into the deep end of research without any kind of orientation to the library.
Dean’s heard people say things like this in meetings before. In some ways, it’s heartening that someone can make it decades without a drink, but in other ways it makes the whole thing seem sisyphean. The idea of spending the rest of his life going to AA meetings so he can never enjoy a good buzz is frankly horrible. The idea of
There’s a long, long moment of pause.  Castiel does want to get into Dean’s flashy car, and not only because the bus driver on his route is a vindictive malcontent who has more than once left Castiel stranded because he couldn’t board the bus fast enough. On the other hand, it seems risky and sudden. He isn’t in the habit of jumping in the car with random patrons he barely knows. What could be so urgent? Is Dean hitting on him or hoping to get a leg up on dissertation research?
Dean comes to find him later, holding a plate with a sandwich in one hand and a beer in the other.
“Naomi?”
“I guess you’ll be clearing out soon. The offer stands--me and Baby can give you a ride anywhere you like. Or money for a bus ticket, if you prefer.” Dean drums his fingers on the table between them. He’s nervous; Castiel can tell the signs because he’s usually the one full of nerves. Castiel reaches his hand across the table, lays it on top of Dean’s, gently. At the touch, Dean looks up and they lock eyes.
Sam gives him a startled look. “Kevin?”
“By someone who attended the sale?”
He’s in Cas’s room again, stone cold sober, lounging on the bed with his ankles crossed reading the book he found in the nightstand (some John Updike book from the eighties about witches that strikes him as wholly inaccurate) when Sam bursts in. They have a moment of mutual surprise before Sam speaks.
“Cas, neither of us have any clue what you’re talking about right now,” Dean says.
Dean pulls up an image of the frontispiece from the digital facsimile on his phone. Dean is correct: the coat of arms is much different. Instead of an asymmetrical shield surmounted by a helm, the shield is the wide and square style popular in the nineteenth century, and the design is changed. The helm is simpler, and surmounted by a torse and crest.
Castiel watches as Dean retrieves a worn leather jacket from the lockers. He has no other possessions locked away, so once he shrugs into the jacket there’s nothing for him to do but leave. Castiel watches him go and feels a strange sense of regret. It doesn’t make much sense—he’ll most likely be back. He hadn’t listed his department association when he registered, but Castiel is guessing religious studies given his interest in the
“Oh Castiel, when you didn’t show up for work for four days in a row I did worry you might be ill. I honestly wasn’t expecting you to be in collusion with hunters.” The voice is familiar, and Castiel squints harder. She steps forward into the light and Castiel feels the shock of recognition.
“Don’t care to talk to me even if I’m sober?” she says, not unkindly. “I admit it’s hard to stay motivated. But I didn’t get sober for them.”
Ever since Cas got back from the Empty, Dean’s been itching to be around him. Maybe because he’s trying to convince himself Cas is back for good, maybe for other reasons he can’t quite put his finger on, but he feels like he’s always trying to get Cas’s attention. The walk takes about ten minutes, and then he’s there in Cas’s doorway, lifting his hand to knock.
He pauses to light up, takes a deep drag. “Ok, homework: spend some time tonight thinking about the concept of being powerless.”
They take Sam’s car, which is a relatively new thing. A while back, Jody had called them up to let them know that Bobby’s old scrapyard had finally been sold off and if they wanted anything from it they’d better take what they could get before the new owners took possession. Dean had gone back for Bobby’s old Chevelle, fixed it up for Sam’s last birthday. It looks nothing like it did when Bobby drove it—it’s a hell of a lot cleaner, for one—but it’s still a piece of Bobby that Dean was able to preserve.
Dean shakes his head. “No, not a bad mom. I just feel like if there’s anything to stay sober for…” He trails off but the words hang between them, unspoken.
“I mean this image in particular,” Dean says. “The camel, the wonky crocodile, the giraffe, hell even the unicorn I get--but this one is just bizarre.”
Enough of the institutions have records of break ins or security breaches around 2003 and 2004 to convince Castiel that Dean is right about one thing: someone systematically altered these books after they had been acquired by libraries.
? Yes, it is very old, I suppose. For a printed book,” Castiel muses. “In any case we would prefer you to remove the gloves. As long as your hands are clean, they won’t damage the book, and you’re more likely to tear pages while wearing them.”
“Cas called. Said he left his phone charger. I’m headed into town in a bit so I was gonna run it over to him.”
“What are you trying to tell me, Sammy?”
“Yeah, well, it’s slow going. My ability to read secretary hand is not actually that good.” Sam pauses. “You really want to come with me?”
Benji tells him about Tucson, Arizona, where most of his extended family live. He tells him about dropping out of high school and moving to Wyoming because he loved the open skies and how he tried to be a rancher but couldn’t really hack it with livestock. Plus he was still drinking back then and he burned more bridges than he built. He tells Dean about falling in love and fucking it up. He talks about how different it is now that he’s sober, how he’s the same guy but also not. Dean tells edited stories of his own life, a little about Sammy and a very little about Cas. He talks about the Impala and skirts around the issue of what he does for a living. He doesn’t talk about his drinking, and Benji doesn’t push him, but he gets the sense that he could talk about it. If he wanted to.
“May I?” he says, already leaning into Dean’s personal space to examine the page closer. Without taking his eyes from the book, he gropes around on the table, touching first a page of notes, then a pencil, then Dean’s hand, before finally landing on the light wand. He clicks it on and shines it into the gutter.
Dean laughs. “It’s a good thing you’re not charging me for these little nuggets of wisdom, man. I’d fire you if you were my shrink.”
“What, you want a thousand word essay on your desk by Monday?”
Dean doesn’t have a good response to that, so he lets Benji thank him for the light and waves as he crosses the lot to his pick up.
“Dean said you thought the title page and binding were both added in the nineteenth century, right?” Sam interjects. “So what kind of technology could create a facsimile page of type that matches the book? I looked at it pretty closely and it’s nearly indistinguishable.”
at school. Anyway, I started writing down everything anyone said to me and dad--” he cuts off, shakes his head, “he’d say stuff to the two of us collectively, you know. ‘You boys better be in bed by nine and clean up this goddamn mess.’ That kind of thing. But he would go weeks without ever speaking to me directly. Sometimes I’d screw something up just to see what he’d do and he’d just yell at you about it. ‘Dean, how could you let your brother get in a fight at school--aren’t you supposed to protect him?’
The first thing Castiel notices about him is that he’s wearing thick cotton gloves. It registers before Castiel fully looks up at his face, or takes in his worn-jeans and faded flannel shirt. “Why are you wearing those?” he can't quite stop himself from blurting.
Meg shrugs when Castiel questions her. “He stayed for a while, then got a text or something and packed up pretty quick.”
“Then one day when I was 28 I came home and I just thought ‘I’m a grown woman, I can have a drink if I want.’ So I did. Scotch. Drank it straight down and that was the beginning of the end for me.” She looks down at her manicured hands, and Dean tries to picture her as a deadbeat drunk. He guesses he can see it. That kind of drunk who hides it well, because they have the money and the lifestyle to put up a facade of respectability. He’s met people like that on hunts.
Sam sighed. “For the tenth time, the last place the guy had visited before he died was a little bar called, King’s Tavern.”
Dean turned around and said, “No, Sam, you weren’t awake.”
Dean slid behind the wheel and said, “Okay, let’s go.”
“Okay, Willow it is,” Dean said as he examined the tiny hole on his finger.
“So, you have a spell on you and you’re just now telling me?” Sam questioned with a huff. “That’s great, Dean, really.”
“Yes, it was. Thank you for bringing me, Dean. I had a good time.”
Dean felt his presence even before he was there. He’d noticed this happening more and more lately. A rush of electricity would plummet through his body long before Cas would appear. It was as if Dean could feel him traveling through time. He hadn’t said anything to Cas about this new feeling because he wasn’t sure what it meant. There was a swoosh of feathers and then Cas appeared in front of him.
“I’m ready whenever you are.”
Dean smiled and pulled Cas in for another kiss, liking the fact that he could freely do so now without needing an excuse.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said softly. He looked at him for a minute, and then awkwardly ran a hand through his hair before turning his attention to their surroundings. “So, we need to figure out where we are and why we’re here and how to get back home.”
“It looks nice,” Sam said as he stared up at the tree. “This is like the first real Christmas for all of us.”
He fell back onto Cas’s trench coat in a heap of uneasiness, resting his head on his hands as he looked up at Cas. “We should probably get some rest, it’s hard telling what time the sun will rise in a place like this.”
Having enough of the waitress, Dean slid up next to Cas and put his arm around him. “Hey, handsome.” He smiled as Cas’ eyes found his. “We’ll have one more shot,” he said to the waitress, smiling sweetly as she huffed and poured two more shots.
“Yeah, so get this,” Sam began as he sat down and started rifling through papers as he told them how he had gotten dragged into this job.
Sam gives him the flattest of looks. “I’m trying to be serious.”
Benji doesn’t push him on the honesty thing and this, this right here is why Dean likes him. He doesn’t expect Dean to have it all figured out yet, even though he’s in his mid forties and he probably should. He reminds Dean of Pastor Jim, of all people, just unflappable, accepting, salt of the earth.
“Have you completed your research or do you need me to keep this on hold for you?” Castiel reaches for the hold forms, but Dean stops him.
As a kid, in the absence of a real mother in his life, Dean always imagined Mary as the antithesis of John: if his dad was hypercritical and distant, Mary would have been accepting and warm. If his dad was never around, Mary would never have left. If dad cared about the hunt more than anything, more than even Sam or Dean, Mary would put them above everything else, even herself. Then his mom came back from the dead and he realized how childish all that was. She was a human being, flawed and troubled and even more distant than their dad, in her own way. But he loved her, maybe more, for not being who he’d built her up to be.
Dean rolls his eyes, “I never said demon--she was probably a witch--and also I’ve already proven how easy it is to get in and out of your stacks with a book. Maybe the leaf was added after the book was bought by the University. Maybe even recently.”
“I want to find out what you mean by specifying ‘like that,’ but I don’t want to get off track. You need to tell your brother about your sobriety. It’s not bad news and you need support to get clean.”
“The first time in my life I ever felt truly powerful, it was because of you,” Cas says. “When I first rebelled. I remember thinking that it didn’t matter what I did—the apocalypse was going to happen either way—that it was all out of my control, that I couldn’t do anything to stop the inevitable.”
Castiel sighs. “Aside from reprinting from the original types--which seems unlikely; I’m not aware of Schöffer’s gothic types surviving into the nineteenth century--my best guess would be transfer lithography? There would still be a lot of work to actually alter the text, as you say it has been altered, and the resulting page would be flatter, in comparison with relief printing. Did you examine the page for bite?”
“Of course I hoped getting sober would help me be a better mom, but I’m more than just a mom. I’m a human being and I just can’t live with myself the way I am when I’m drinking. Maybe my daughter will come around, maybe not. But drinking isn’t an option for me anymore. Not if I want to live with myself.”
“Don’t look so sad, Clarence.” She points to the hold shelf, where
Dean’s smile is decidedly cocky, clearly proud of himself. “I figured it out because of that link you sent to the other copy. Then I looked up some additional copies and none of them were like this.”
“I still don’t understand what this Bobby could possibly have to do with the Braydenbach,” he’s saying, trying hard to keep his rising anger from his voice, “or frankly what any of it has to do with me. We have a very decent book scanner at the library. I would have given you reference photos for free.”
Dean snorts. “If she died.”
Apparently deciding the talk is over, Sam opens his door and levers himself out of the car. He’s halfway across the parking lot in the blink of an eye. Dean unbuckles his seatbelt and follows. He remembers when Sam used to laugh at his jokes, when that was his go-to: things get tough, make Sammy laugh. It worked great. When he was eight years old. Maybe he needs some new material.
Dean Winchester is not a graduate student. He’s not a post doc either, or even an independent researcher. He’s never been to college, and Sam is his brother, not his advisor. He’s a hunter, which apparently means his trunk is full of an arsenal of terrifying weapons, he has an encyclopedic knowledge of sigils and runes, and he pays for his gas with a credit card belonging to someone named David Lee Roth.
Castiel doesn’t ask who Sammy is, but he smiles. “The cradle will support the book so you don’t put too much pressure on the binding structure. An added bonus is that it makes it easier to read the book.” Dean nods, and looks appropriately attentive as Castiel shows him how to add or subtract the foam pieces to change the angle of the cradle as he reads through the book, and how to use the snake weights to hold the pages gently open.
Castiel walks away, but Dean’s grin stays in his mind.
Castiel shrugs. “I assumed the printed leaf had been supplied from a later copy. A lot of 1486 copies have leaves from the 1500 Peter Drach edition.”
Dean laughs again. “I’m no atheist, but I wouldn’t exactly describe myself as a man of faith.”
He must have traveled from another university specifically to see their copy. Castiel should have realized this all along, but he supposes he held out hope stubbornly that Dean would become a regular. Few students these days are interested in the kind of research Castiel specializes in, and even fewer have the Latin skills to actually work with the collections. That’s why Dean was so special to him.
copy of this book,” he thumps the cover of
Dean flushes hot all over. He’s 45 years old but hearing Sam talk about this stuff makes him feel like he is a useless teenager again. He doesn’t even know what to say: he doesn’t remember getting the car stuck, but it sounds like something he’d do that would piss John off. And the line about pulling your weight was basically the refrain of his entire childhood. It’s hard for him to associate it with any one memory because he heard it a lot. Sam looks like he can read all this in his face.
sits with a little flag sticking out from the top with Winchester written across it. “He’s coming back.”
Dean smiles. “Figures. You don’t want me for me, you just want me for my books.”
“I thought I had to wear them. Isn’t that book like… really old.”
Benji leans back in the booth and takes a long, calculated look at Dean.
“For most of my existence—” he eventually says, “for millennia—I was powerless, in every true sense of the word. I had no control. I was a soldier, following orders.”
She strides over to the bookshelf and runs her hands along the spines of the books, lovingly. “I bound these myself, you know. I’ve always loved books. I’ve been a printer, a collector, a librarian--just like you, Castiel--and now a conservator. I’m sorry to have to give that role up, but I suppose it’s time for me to be moving on.” She fixes Sam and Dean with a stern look. “Do not come looking for me.”
“Why am I like this? Why can’t I stop? I think… I think I might be broken but then I hear about all of you and I think maybe I’m not. I guess the first step is to admit you’re powerless and I’ve never felt more like that in my life even when… even when I lost my mom, even when I lost my dad, when I thought I lost my brother and I was gonna burn in hell for all eternity, never felt like this.”
Castiel opens his mouth to reassure Dean of the merit of his research, but Dean waves him off before he can speak.
Dean’s grin grows wider, more infectious, and Castiel finds himself smiling back helplessly. Dean flips carefully to the book, finally stopping on a page near the center of the book, the page containing the Arabic alphabet. Except—Castiel squints—this doesn’t appear to be the Arabic alphabet at all.
A week passes, and then a month. Dean doesn’t return to the reading room.
“Fascinating. I’ve never seen a watermark with this design.” Castiel leans closer to examine the paper. “It must be later paper; the detail is too fine for a 15th century watermark. Which leaf did you pull this rubbing from?”
When they get to the coffee shop and Sam pulls into a parking spot, Dean finally unglues his tongue enough to say something.
Then Sam gets back from his last hunt with Eileen early with a six pack and Dean immediately sees the flaw in his plan. Sam’s face when he turns down the beer makes him want to put his fist through the wall. Incredulous. Like it’s completely unimaginable that Dean would turn down a drink. Dean has to feign illness and retreat to his room and call Benji.
On the way out, Benji catches him on the elbow, like he did the first night he asked for a light, and this time Dean manages not to flinch. It’s nice, to be touched in this casual way, without intent.
“Are you kidnapping me?”
“Don’t blow smoke up my ass about this, Sam, you know I’m not right anymore. Haven’t been for a long time.” He could say it started with the Mark of Cain, or earlier when he went to hell the first time. But more and more he’s started to think he just came out this way. This wrong. That’s why he’s barely keeping it together and Sam’s half-married to the love of his life.
Dean can’t help but make a face at the word soul. Even though he knows that a human soul is a tangible, real thing that exists in this world and the next, it still sounds so New Agey to talk about it like that.
“I don’t know your life, man, so you tell me,” Benji says, unphased. He points his fork at Dean. “You had much luck trying to control your drinking up to now?”
“I’ve told you before that you’re selling yourself short. You’re very observant, you take good notes, and you have just as much command of your field of study as Sam does. I don’t know what you think research is but that’s basically it.”
Sam’s next sigh is so bone deep it seems to settle through the whole car, making the air heavy.
“I thought that’s what the whole AA thing was —group therapy or whatever.” It certainly feels like Dean’s always imagined therapy would be like: a lot of navel gazing. A surprising amount of it hits home to him—he likes it best when people tell their stories—but also there’s a lot that still just sounds like psychobabble to him.
There’s a woman he’s never seen at the next meeting, Diane. She’s a regular from a different meeting across town but is switching to their group. She’s got ten years and two adult kids and bonds with Al immediately over it. Dean’s just grateful for a new voice because he’s not ready to speak up in a meeting again. He wants to listen.
Dean holds up his hands, grinning. “And I’m trying to make you laugh because you just brought up a lot of fucked up stuff from when we were kids.”
Castiel straightens, giving Dean an assessing look. “I don’t know about that. Your Latin appears to be very advanced.”
“I’m glad that works for you.” Dean eventually says. Sam purses his lips, like he’s irritated now, and looks away, and it’s silent between them again.
Dean has been busy in the more than a month between when he first visited Cas’s library and now. Some of that time has been spent researching where copies of Grenoble’s books ended up and an alarming amount of that time has been spent committing grand larceny against the dozen or so U.S. libraries that ended up with those copies in their stacks. Overall, he’s managed to bring together 37 books. All of them have pen facsimile title pages. All of them are rebound in Grenoble’s distinctive diced Russia binding. And all of them have one additional tipped in page whose contents have been subtly altered to contain information about angels: their language, their powers, their weaknesses. How to kill them and how to extract their grace. How to perceive their true forms.
