Steve grumbled, but complied. After a short trip back into his room, he came out wearing jeans and a navy blue bomber jacket. “Better?”
Tony and Nat collapsed into ringside chairs in the training room after finishing their final round of their sparring match. He gulped down half a bottle of water, breathing significantly heavier than Nat, and looking exhausted by comparison. She smirked.
Rhodey laughed a hollow laugh. “Yeah, okay Tones. I know you and Rogers kissed last night, the jig is up.”
“Nothing!” Tony yelled, finally looking their direction. The panic was crawling up his spine and reaching out to latch onto his lungs. His breath was shallow, but Tony was determined to hide his anxiety from everyone. Something like this should not get to him—he should be above media scandals by now—and yet he was suffocating. More than ever before there were people whose opinions mattered to Tony now—Morgan, Peter—and now, upon the possibility of a blossoming romance with Steve—him, too.
Tony finally put the phone down on his work bench, clicking the speaker button, so that he could fidget with both his hands. He moved frantically, not actually getting any work done, but twisting bolts on things that did not need twisting.
“I could really use your shitty humor right now, Legolas,” Tony grumbled, turning off the video and rolling around on the bed in a fit of frustration.
He empathized with Tony. Thinking about the pain, the fear, that Tony must feel was heart-wrenching.
He was about to shove his hands into his pant pockets, a vain attempt to appear casual despite the anxiety surging through his body, when Steve reached out to hold his hand as they walked. Steve smiled shyly over at him, blushing again, and god could Tony get used to that blush. He would dedicate the rest of his life to finding ways to make Steve blush—it was beautiful.
Natasha was the one who immediately noticed the difference. However, this time, she decided to keep it to herself and observe from the sidelines. Both Tony and Steve knew they could come to her if they needed to and it was not her job to check in on them every single time something in the air shifted.
And, if he were completely honest with himself, a committed relationship was something he craved. Something he genuinely wanted. He had always been the type of person, that when he fell in love, it was damn near impossible to fall out of it. Hell—he didn’t even stop loving Pepper—they just stopped working—stopped making sense together.
“Listen Tones, you don’t give yourself enough credit for how thoughtful you actually are when you put effort in. You’ve given me great gifts since I can remember. But when it comes to your romantic interests, you freak out and give up and that’s how Pepper ended up buying most of her own gifts,” Rhodey explained. “You know Steve really well. Just think about it and go with your gut instinct.”
At this point Tony was fidgeting so much he clumsily dropped his silverware on the floor. It hit the restaurant’s tile with a loud clang and he hastily clambered to pick it back up. When he finally sat back in his seat, cheeks flaming red, Rhodey had lost his placid face by dissolving into a fit of laughter. Tony started to pout again, only pretending to be frustrated that the conversation was now disastrously off track. Finally, Rhodey’s snickers subsided.
Pepper and Tony had agreed that while they finalized the divorce, and he sorted out his alcoholism, that Morgan would spend most of her time with her mother and Happy. Weekly visitations at the compound became the easiest arrangement. They had settled on telling Morgan that Tony’s absence was due to being busy with Avengers work and missions.
He couldn’t tell for sure under her suit’s helmet, but he thought she was frowning. The two of them had bonded over a lot of similar background—shitty fathers, struggles with alcohol, loneliness and abandonment issues. He knew if anyone was going to get where he was coming from right now it would be her.
“Steve Rogers, you’re awfully sassy this morning,” she noted, turning to face him with her eyebrows raised in curiosity. “Woke up on the wrong side of the bed? Didn’t get the full fifty mile run in before 6am?”
“How are you doing?” Steve ventured to ask, fully knowing what he was getting himself into. When Tony let out a long sigh, he had to work to hide his amused smirk.
“Don’t stand there looking like I’m some Southern Belle you just dropped off at her pa’s house, come in Steve,” Tony laughed, holding his suite door open for him to come in. Immediately after Steve had saved him from life draining investors Tony had asked to just go back to his room—uninterested in socializing further and leaving the fundraising up to Thor’s bulging biceps.
“Did he really care—christ, Tones, you’re an idiot. Of course he did,” Rhodey grumbled. “You think Steve Rogers just goes around kissing people left and right?”
“Who the fuck was that guy?” Steve asked, as he and Nat sat down for breakfast. And while the plate of food in front of him looked delicious, he had lost his appetite.
But the last two days had drastically illuminated the fact that alcohol was not a middle ground. Tony was aware that alcoholism was not truly a solution, but depression clouded even the most rational minds.
He felt butterflies, a pleasant sort of anxiety that he strangely welcomed, bubble up in his stomach. As a feeble attempt to distract himself from the feeling—and to finally tear his eyes away from Steve—he picked up his screwdriver to put the finishing touches on Nat’s widow bites by hand.
Tony’s body is the first to shudder into release—moaning Steve’s name over and over as he comes. Steve keeps rocking into him, losing any semblance of coherence he had left, babbling about how much he loved him. The feeling coils firmly in Steve’s groin and the explodes without warning. He shivers, forehead resting on Tony’s shoulder, gripping so hard on his hips that his fingers leave marks.
“Everything alright?” Sam asked, slightly leery about the state of Steve’s hair and the look on the two men’s face.
“You’re off your game Stevie,” Bucky teased, still bouncing around as he waited for Steve to retaliate. “What’s wrong?”
Steve choked on the air in his lungs—how did Rhodey know? He knew Nat and Bucky were aware—mostly because he had confided in them, but they had noticed before that, too—but Rhodey? That was too dangerous—Tony’s best friend of a lifetime, knowing?—no thanks. He suspected Bruce knew too, but thankfully Professor Hulk knew to keep things to himself when it wasn’t his place.
Approximately an hour later, Tony had five Whiskey sours in his system, and Tiberius Stone in his bed back at the compound. They were lying side-by-side, on their backs, giggling like school children. Tony had just forced them to perform the classic high school mission of sneaking back into one’s room. And with Tony drunk off his ass, Ty tipsy, and Tony swearing they could not be seen by a single soul—the mission had gone anything but smoothly.
What if Steve kept something from him again, when they were dating, how would that go? That train of thought tugged at his mind, too. Would a relationship with Steve withstand another blow to his trust? He and Steve had messiah complexes—they needed to save everyone they cared about—and sometimes that meant lies of omission. Tony wasn’t stupid, he knew that, and he could easily Steve convincing himself again that keeping something from Tony was safer for him.
“Yeah, could have done without that,” Steve quipped. “But you don’t have to apologize. He’s a manipulator, right? He caught wind of how emotionally comprised you’ve been and swooped in. That’s on him. Not you.”
Generally speaking, Steve was giddy with optimism, but seeing Tony consumed by darkness wrecked him. A black cloud hung over him by proxy. He just wanted to help but Tony wanted the opposite. It was equally frustrating and devastating.
“Look—Tones, I barely talk to the guy. But I’ve seen the way Steve looks at you whenever you’re not looking at him. And while I think you need to take things slow—hello, recent divorcee—I also think that if you just…trust your instincts around him, you’ll be pretty happy with the results.”
Tony buried his face in his hands and let out a groan. The panic had set in once he realized how wonderful—how important—what was happening had been. And he hated himself for panicking.
“Ohhh Tony, that’s evil. Genius, but evil,” Steve chuckled. And before Tony could reply, Morgan came running over and lept into Steve’s arm with the biggest smile on her face.
Bucky held up the book—it was an older edition of The Hobbit. “Steve won’t shut up about this book and refuses to let up on me until I read it. I guess I finally gave in because he’s the most annoying little brat sometimes.”
When she finished, Steve was quiet, clenching his fists in his lap and staring blankly at the table. Nat felt guilty for having shared such detailed information with him—knowing what she knew it felt irresponsible. But Steve deserved to have the full truth, especially if he were ever going to act on his feelings for Tony. He had not explicitly shared the extent of his feelings for the other man, but there was a slight silent understanding between the two of them. Though Steve kept it to himself, he was also acutely aware that Nat was trained to perceive things that went over most people’s heads. On some level—he knew she knew.
Tony blinked, unsure if he heard her correctly. Her gentle hand on his knee reassured him, but the crippling guilt of putting his family at risk again rushed in and swallowed him whole.
Steve ushered Tony inside the limo that was going to take them back home. Once they pulled away, finally safe, Steve turned to him. He took Tony’s hands in his and kissed his knuckles.
“You make a compelling point, Rhodey-bear. After all my years of pining, I do deserve to feel those abs up close and personal,” Tony replied with a shit eating grin. Rhodey visibly shuddered in disgust.
Regret was not something Steve ever bothered with—not since he landed in the ice. When he first woke up from it the regret of losing the life he had—Peggy, his friends—consumed him. But eventually he caught on, that a life dictated by regret, was not one worth living. He made a vow to himself not to become that person again.
The ride home was unusually quiet. Years of pent up tension on the precipice of release hanging in the air between them. It was quiet but electrifying. The silence was tantalizing and it left Tony vibrating with anticipation.
“Is he still here?” Nat asked, trying to distract from the fact that Steve looked like a kicked puppy. “Ty?”
Peter just shrugged, trying to stifle the smile on his lips for the sake of staying serious in the moment.
Tiberius looked stunned for a moment, visibly shaking in his chair, but he recovered. His eyes narrowed into a piercing glare but its effect was lost on Steve. “How precious—Stark sent his big puppy guard dog after me. He was too scared to come after me himself, so he had to send his secret lover to go do the job.”
“Just—be honest with him. Reassure him. Soothe his anxiety the best you can. Listen to his concerns and respond in kind,” she explained. “You have a way with words. You give the best speeches. I’m sure you’ll say the right thing.”
“I don’t know, Cap. I don’t think I have an appetite. You’ve seen what they’re saying about me on the news.”
“Really? You don’t want to impose?” Steve said, but Tony could tell he was purposely being a little shit.
“I think it’s time we move this party out of my doorway, Cap,” Tony stuttered out. But instead of a response, Tony felt himself get lifted up off the ground and he promptly responded by wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist. It was astounding how easily Steve walked them over to Tony’s king sized bed—it literally took him zero effort and that was even more of a turn on than he anticipated.
Tony shrugged, walking further down the hallway and closer to Steve so there was just about a foot between them. He did his best to ignore the stark physical differences between himself and Steve, but when they were this close, it was hard to push aside. Steve was taller, his muscles practically had their own gravitational pull, and his baby blue eyes were polar opposite to Tony’s chocolate brown ones.
And yet, Tony was the one who had given him a home in this new century—metaphorically and physically. Tony gave Steve an entire suit in the Tower—a bed, a place to sleep that wasn’t plain brown walls at SHIELD. And Tony let all the Avengers live there. He made them a family by giving them a family home. Maybe Steve was not here as Tony’s date, but that did not mean they were strangers.
Whoops, sorry for that ending. You really thought I could give you happiness without some more angst first? The next chapter is going to be full of angst, sorry in advance! But I promise our loving and happy ending is coming soon. Just 3 more chapters (with maybe an epilogue after). Woo!
“It’s still at the cabin—I know,” she snapped, before Tony could even chastise her further, frowning at him. “Sorry, I didn’t expect a maniac to attack me while I was peacefully at home.”
“I know what they say. That I love to party and love to be the center of attention—but not anymore. Maybe once upon a time. Or maybe I really was just trying to piss everyone off, who knows?” he shrugged again. “Sorry—I did not mean to lay all of that on you.”
“Oh,” Thor mused. “So it is true. You have it for our very own Man of Iron. You know, I suspected, some years ago, when you two had that falling out while I was away. I have not known just friends to fall apart so violently.”
“Actually—you know what Tony, I need to go talk to Nat about training drills. I completely forgot,” Steve said, gathering up his things and standing to his feet. He did his best to ignore the wide Bambi-eyed stare Tony was giving him. “Sorry.”
“No, do not feel bad,” Thor reassured, smiling at Steve and swallowing down his emotions. “What was your mother like?”
“Alright, you don’t want to talk about it, I get it. But you don’t want to talk about most things these days, Steve. You’re lost in that head of yours more than I’ve ever seen.”
The sentiment had Peter glowing—an uncontrollably large smile spread across his face. “Uh—thanks Tony. Thank you. That really means a lot, you know? You—you mean a lot to me.”
Steve nudged him back. “I have managed to get away with many evil schemes thanks to my charming good looks.”
Tony glowered at her over her knuckles and dropped her hands in a mock pout, his lip sticking out and cheeks going red.
Steve’s mouth hung open and words failed to form. It was as if he short-circuited. He was left sputtering instead. He was never entirely sure when Tony was joking or flirting with him. But this instance definitely felt like flirting. And if the amusement on Nat’s face and her raised eyebrows were any indication—he was right.
There were a few moments of silence that stretched out between them, but it wasn’t awkward. It was strangely comfortable and the realization of that brought comfort to Steve that the two of them really had moved beyond their first bad impressions of one another.
The gala was officially six days away and Steve had yet to officially ask Tony to go. After his retreat from the workshop, both Nat and Sam managed to corner him into a deeper conversation about what was going on. And despite Steve’s best attempts at avoiding them, he should have known better than to try and escape a master assassin and Sam Wilson, best friend and counselor extraordinaire.
Steve looked down at his clenched fists and frowned. He could not stand by and let Tony be openly harassed by people who did not care about him as anything beyond a resource.
Tony experienced his first sexually explicit dream of Steve shortly after they took Loki down together in Germany. And they never really stopped after that but their frequency varied on the status of his relationship with Pepper. He had thought they were gone for good for a while there, when things were really good with him and Pep, but then she said they needed a break. During the entire Accords debacle Steve filled his dreams nightly. Denial was a skill Tony was proficient in and he had chalked up Captain America’s appearances in his dreamland bedroom as a Freudian method of dealing with their conflicts.
Tony knew he should not have had so many glasses of wine—everyone else only had a single glass or no wine at all. But he was past the point of embarrassment—he was desperate to numb the pain he was feeling.
“Tony and I made out last night and then went back to his room and fell asleep in his bed together. And this morning he said that he was going to take me out on a proper date tonight,” Steve rambled, the nervousness bubbling over to the point where he could not keep it inside any longer.
Tony sighed, turning over onto his left side, only to bump into a solid wall of muscle. He let out a gasp, visibly startling, as his early morning blurry vision started to focus on Steve’s sleeping form next to him.
“Hey—Tony taught me how to use mine, thank you,” Steve shot back. “Speaking of, so. I went and punched Stone in the face—“
“Tony, for god’s sake, I love you! This isn’t some game I’m trying to play, I’m in love with you,” Steve shouted, his voice finally loud enough to stop Tony’s rant in its tracks.
Clint at the time had insisted every proper family took home videos, and now, seeing him on-screen brought tears to Tony’s eyes. He had not fully given himself permission to mourn the loss of his arrow wielding friend.
Steve broke their kiss to slip out of his bomber jacket and Tony sat up at bit while Steve worked his leather jacket off, too. Tony unbuttoned Steve’s dress shirt quickly—the skillfulness of his mechanic’s fingers coming incredibly handy. They shucked it off to the side with Tony’s AC/DC shirt that Steve eagerly yanked off—almost ripping it in the process.
By three in the morning Tony was tucked under Steve’s arm, snoring softly, and most of the room was also asleep. Bucky and Thor were the only ones still watching the television. Steve gently shook Tony awake and the way his hair was sticking up everywhere like a toddler in the morning was adorable. He chuckled.
“Yeah, me too,” Steve said. They reached for each other at the same time—settling for holding hands behind the gear shift in the center consul. He kept his body angled towards Tony and relaxed into watching him drive—like everything Tony did, he looked beautiful while driving. It was one of the many things Tony did skillfully and easily.
“What?” Steve’s head snapped up and he looked at Tony. “God—no, Tony. No. This is perfect. This is amazing—I never thought I would see a photo of my mother’s face again. I—wow—I had forgotten how she looked. And my sketches of my old neighborhood—I had forgotten what it looked like too. It feels…well, it was, a lifetime ago. Thank you, Tony.”
He may have forgotten the minor detail about kissing Sharon in front of his two closest friends, who still never let him live that down.
The majority of his time had ended up being spent in his workshop, with the windows tinted black so no one could see in, and a strict order to Friday that no one was allowed in. Steve came by knocking and begging to be let in on no less than four occasions. Nat stopped by to yell some profanities his way—thank god he could enable soundproofing.
“This is your third meeting and you have yet to share anything. Is there something you maybe want to share with the group?” Adam encouraged. He was so damn nice and Tony knew he should appreciate that, but it really just rubbed him the wrong way. It reminded of him when the Avengers first formed and Cap would be so condescendingly sweet it gave him a toothache.
“Yeah, I’ll be back later today, sound good?” he asked, patting Tony’s shoulder and whispering, “You’re looking good, Tony.”
They had gotten through most of the night without incident. Until Tony crossed the room to check on Steve and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Oh Cap, you and your 1940s politeness and respectability really are starting to get old at this point,” Tony teased, shooting Steve a sparkling smirk. “If I just hoarded away my money that would be both incredibly boring and selfish.”
“Yes, really, don’t be a dick about it,” she laughed. “Even though things with Pepper are…over, and hard, you are being incredibly strong about it.”
In a single smooth movement, she grabbed Tony’s hand as it moved forward for another punch, with her other hand against his shoulder, and threw him onto his back. She pinned him down, smirking, knowing he wouldn’t bother to fight back.
He knew that his outburst last night was wrong. He knew that, but he didn’t feel it. And the crippling loneliness of avoiding his friends—his family—was rapidly setting in. Though he refused to admit it aloud, Tony had grown accustomed to spending time with the different members of the Avengers team throughout the day. It was a crucial part of his routine—chatting with Thor over breakfast or sparring with Nat in the afternoon. Hell—he and Bruce had just started working on a really big project together.
He paused, taking a deep breath and finally going still. This was going to take intentionality and brain power to get these words out. The panic surged through his veins, but Pepper’s soft tone leveled him out a bit. He could do this—he could. What was the worst that could happen? Pepper would be furious, yell maybe? He had endured just that a million times. Yeah—he could do this, he could tell her about his feelings for Steve and how they scared the shit out of him.
“I am very grateful! Thank you, James,” Thor beamed over at him. “This is very useful. It seems it would be my turn to go, but I have already given my gift. But Steven and Tony are still without presents—has something gone wrong?”
Tony’s room at the compound was exactly as he had left it. Tidy. Two large bookcases full of his extra books, a dresser with a back-up wardrobe, a large desk with two monitors, and his adjacent bathroom full of all his go-to toiletries.
“Oh my mom—she did her best. But my father…he was an awful man, a monster—he abused her, my sisters, me—yeah. She did her best. I loved her,” he replied.
Steve knew everything Tony had been through made jumping in to a new intimate, romantic relationship not only scary but damn near impossible. He had never personally experience even half of the romantic pitfalls Tony had been through—Peggy and Sharon being his only romantic conquests and, well, both ended quite unconventionally. But he was a tactician, he was able to see things a lot of people didn’t, which made him quite skilled in putting himself in other people’s shoes.
This sent Steve into a fit of laughter which Tony joined in on. When they finally collected themselves, stomachs hurting and cheeks streaked in tears, Steve made an impulsive (and horrifying) decision.
But Tony was never keen on pointing this out aloud because then that might mean Steve would stop wearing shirts that doubled as a second skin. And that would be a disservice to humanity, really, not just Tony’s ogling eyes. He unconsciously licked his lips while drinking in the view before him—how long had it been since he had sex?
“Pepper,” he started and stopped. There were tears in his eyes. “Pepper said she was not longer in love with me. That we would be better as friends and that it was clear we couldn’t make a marriage work.”
“Yeah well, you mean a lot to me too, kid,” Tony replied. He squeezed Peter’s shoulders again before playfully shoving him away. “You’re the best babysitter I could ever ask for.”
Regardless, Steve was grateful that Tony kept his invitation to join him in the permanently workshop open. Now it was part of his daily routine to wander down there, make a nest on the couch, and sketch for hours on end. And he was lucky to have the perfect model unknowingly wandering around and posing throughout the room.
But instead of getting a response from Steve, Nat launched herself onto Bucky’s shoulders from behind. Her thighs tightened around his head as she used the momentum, twisting her body to the side, to flip him over onto his back. She rolled away and jumped back to her feet, dusting off her legs with a smirk.
“I love your heart most of all. Your pure, selfless, loving heart. You are the best person I know Tony and I say that unflinchingly—I know you are with every fiber of my being,” Steve said, strong conviction in his tone. He looked up at Tony through his long lashes, jaw set with determination, and intensity burning in his blue eyes.
“Awww, come on,” Tony pleaded, knowing full well that if Steve asked in return he would never say. But that was mostly due to the fact that somehow the stars aligned and Tony had drawn Steve’s name from the hat. He continued his assault on the larger man, leaning closer and pawing for the scrap of paper in Steve’s hands. Eventually, Tony was practically on top of Steve—who had leaned so far back on the couch he was almost laying down—both of them laughing and wrestling like giddy schoolchildren.
“I’m really not interested in hearing your self-righteous bullshit reasonings about how as the leader and tactical master it is your job to see every situation for what it is the second we get there. Because even super soldier serum isn’t the perfect solution to every problem, Steve. It is certainly not the solution to the problem of Tony Stark whose reckless behavior is really the thing to blame here. And no—I’m not saying you should be mad at him instead. But I am saying you should not be mad at yourself.”
“Yes please, Ivonne, that would be lovely,” Tony replied, flashing her one of his award winning smiles. It clearly had the intended affect on her as she bowed her head to hide her smile and reddened cheeks.
“But at least you’re really good at fixing things. I tend to wait too long or make impulsive choices that have decades long implications,” he countered.
He snuggled under the massive gray blanket and made himself at home on the couch, turning on the television and putting on a Harry Potter movie. Tony laughed to himself—the magic in these movies had definitely lost their, well, magic, after meeting Strange. Nothing really compared to the mystical power the Sorcerer Supreme wielded with minimal effort. But it was nice to get cozy on the couch and drift far away from reality for a bit.
He found himself running his eyes along Steve’s body, a lump in his throat and butterflies in his stomach. There was no denying that Captain America was the definition of America’s ideal man. And if there was any question about that, half of the party guests fawning and throwing themselves at him, men and women alike, confirmed it.
Tony’s public persona was faltering and Steve could see—even from across the room. Steve knew his anxious ticks and they were all at play right now—tapping foot, fidgeting hands, unable to make eye contact.
When Steve gently peeled himself out of Tony’s bed and wandered into the living room, his spirit shattered. It crushed him to see Tony crying—something he had never witnessed before even in all their years of friendship.
Tony scoffed in agreement, his posture relaxing ever so slightly. And though he was not sure what was going to happen next, he felt peace with what he said, and he felt lighter as a result.
Tony flew above them, surveying the situation, barrel rolling in the air and having a generally fun time. He took out four Chitauri with repulsor blasts before stopping to observe the ground below.
“What about you, Cap?” Tony zeroed back in on Steve, smirking, staring at him with a fiery intensity. “Where’s your honor stand these days?”
After Tony's outburst at Bucky and Steve, he decides the best plan is to hide away from everyone. But the isolation wears him down and when an old friend texts that he is in town, Tony eagerly accepts the invitation to meet up.
“Whatever. Okay, Friday, bring up Nat’s widow bite designs,” he said, trying to distract himself from the nagging voice inside his head. Work. Work was the healthy distraction, but the burning taste of bourbon sliding down his throat hovered on the outskirts of his mind and his desires.
“Hey man, it is really creepy the way you just keep standing there staring at the back of my head. So are you going to come in or not?” he drawled, snapping the book shut in his lap and turning to raise an eyebrow at Tony.
“Hate to break up your moment, but Steve and I have a training session,” Bucky cut in, drying his hands with a small towel from washing the dishes.
“Hey Tony,” Steve touched his arm as he walked by, causing him to pause and turn around. “Let me walk you to your room?”
Steve reared back. He pulled his hand away from her and jumped to his feet as if she were a snake that just bit him. The amused twinkle in her eyes let him know he had not offended her—thankfully.
“Because I know if I don’t push you, we’ll be here for six hours, and while I love spending time with you Tones,” and at that Tony made a face. “No—really, I do. But after decades of friendship the cat and mouse game is pretty old.”
Steve had friends out searching for Bucky ever since they parted ways months and months ago. He and Sam had been looking whenever they had the time, but so far failed to find any solid trace. And now this text. But the information was likely unreliable—he wouldn’t exactly trust the source with his life. And yet he was still stuck staring at his phone with a frown on his face.
“Tony—you’ve got to be kidding me,” Steve said, exasperated. “You’re not even going to try and talk to me about it before making up your mind?”
It all happened so fast Tony couldn’t quite remember the details, except that Steve was quick on his feet (like always).
Bucky looked unimpressed, face flat and arms crossed. It made Steve bristle, knowing that his friend could read him easily and see through his empty words. And it made him disappointed in himself—that he could not see himself in any high esteem the way his friends did. He knew it was a constant point of frustration, for Bucky and Nat specifically, that no compliments or encouragement got through to him. Steve knew he was strong—a great soldier and a capable leader for the Avengers and a good friend. But when it came to romance, dating, his appeal to someone like Tony—Steve found himself lacking any confidence or certainty.
“I think sometimes we forget that families don’t have to look just one way. You guys are still a family, even if you and Pepper aren’t together, that doesn’t change that you’re Morgan’s parents and that you love her. You guys can do that…uhhhh, what’s it called? Co-parenting?”
“Steve, on the other hand, has always been a massive idiot when it has come to matters of the heart.” That earned a genuine laugh from Natasha. “He’s quite literally the world’s authority on waiting too long. I mean—I’m not advocating he pounce on Tony right the second the divorce papers are signed, but Christ.”
It had taken immense restraint to keep his distance throughout the party and not assert any sort of possession over Steve as he watched people line up to fumble all over him. Jealousy was not one of Tony’s best qualities, but he suffered from it regardless.
“What? You want me to say I forgive you? I mean sure Rogers—I do, but there isn’t anything to forgive—I ran in headfirst. I was reckless per usual and you were doing your job. I can’t believe I’m having two of these conversations today,” Tony grumbled, rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Please don’t blame yourself for my idiocy.”
Steve looked at her with wide eyes and an open mouth, having just been interrupted mid-sentence. “What?” he gaped.
“Damn your super serum hearing, Cap,” Tony laughed, empty, and still full of tears. He wiped his eyes and running nose on the inside of his tank top in a desperate attempt to clean himself up. He was not entirely sure why he felt so embarrassed for Steve to see him in a disheveled state, but he was.
“Great—yeah no, I knew that. He never shuts up about you, either,” Bucky retorted and relished the look of surprise on Tony’s face. “What? You didn’t know that? You’re Stevie’s favorite thing since sliced bread.”
“I mean it,” he said. “Really. Nat—I never wanted to see him the way you do. I’ve tried for years to convince myself you’ve been wrong about him. But even last night, I couldn’t shake the feeling that your view of him is who he really is. I’ve been blinded by nostalgia. By the comfort of having someone in my life for so long. But, no, you’re right. He sucks.”
Instead, Tony straddled Ty’s hips and bathed in how brilliant it felt to be naked against another person again. He gasped in pleasure, letting himself get absolutely lost in it, as Ty carefully pushed into him.
Nat had helped Steve pick out his suit—a nice dark blue one with a white shirt and black tie with subtle red accents woven in. As he glimpsed his reflection in a window Steve was surprised to recognize that he felt confident in this outfit. Normally fancy clothes left him feeling out of place and back on the streets of Brooklyn begging for food, but Nat knew what she was doing. This felt like him.
“It’s okay Tony—I’m here,” Steve said, reaching out to touch Tony’s arms carefully. “Let’s get you back to bed, okay?”
“Alright Cap—hate to be a bad host, but I’ve got to kick you out,” Tony said, in between gulps of coffee. “I have a project to work on and can’t be afforded any distractions.”
“Yeah,” he replied, taking in a deep breath, and coating his fingers in lube. Tony stopped stroking them to give Steve the opportunity to focus on the task at hand. Carefully, he inserted one finger into Tony’s heat causing him to erupt into sounds of pleasure.
The sound of his own running steps against the ground felt overwhelming. His heart ached for the loss of his friend Clint. The plan had been to bring everyone back, not lose someone else in the process. It was bittersweet—but it always mostly felt bitter to lose a soldier—a friend.
He was also aware that his prideful tendencies really had no place in this room. But sometimes he just couldn’t help himself.
Bruce opened the box to find a large Christmas sweater, made big enough to fit him perfectly, that was a beautiful red. He rubbed the fabric between his fingers—it was divinely soft.
They stopped right outside Tony’s room and Steve grabbed onto his elbow, looking down at him with fire burning behind his ocean blue eyes. Something stirred in the base of Tony’s stomach.
“Yeah. I got a tip he was spotted in Boston, but I’m not sure I trust it,” Steve explained. He knew better than to lie to Tony when confronted to directly. And besides, Steve was only really capable of lying by omission.
He tortured himself replaying the events in his mind over and over and over. If he had been up in the penthouse from the beginning Stane would have never fired a single blast. He knew both he and Carol would have seen to that. The flame of guilt burned brighter with each passing moment—Steve walked himself deeper and deeper into the fire—and soon his entire body was ablaze with it. His pencil snapped in half in his hand.
And once again, Peter managed to render Tony speechless, something the kid was doing more frequently as of late. He was continually amazed by the wisdom Peter carried within him. Tony was smart at Peter’s age, but he wasn’t wise. No—Peter was destined to be better than him, now and later.
Was he honestly that weak? His vice offered up to him and he did not even bother to utter a word of protest? Tony liked to think he was stronger than that but—apparently, not.
“Really? That’s all you’ve got?” Tony teased, cupping Steve’s cheeks in his hands. “I love you, Steve.”
He wished that he had a concrete answer for them, but all he knew was that it felt like he owed it to Clint to start living a fuller life for him—in his honor. But the tangible manifestation of that escaped him. A family, a white picket fence—that was the dream in the time he came from and he had seen that possibility with Peggy.
“There’s a lot of things about me that would surprise you, Tony,” was his mysterious reply. And with that he stood and walked over to Peter and Morgan. He swooped her up in his arms and spun her around before looking back at Tony, who was gaping after him and dumbfounded. “Come on Stark, the meteors won’t wait for us.”
“Because the Avengers are a significant part of my life and my prioritizing that—after bringing everyone back—was too much for her to swallow. We’ve never completely seen eye-to-eye on this—the missions, the team—and now that I have a daughter…that was supposed to change, you know? My family was supposed to be the only thing that mattered but…”
Thank you to everyone who continues to support me and this fic. We only have a couple more chapters after this and things are going to really start heating up soon! Stay tuned.
Anyway—the point still stood—Tony’s relationship track record was rocky at best. And he could not bear to ruin something with Steve. If they broke up, if they lost their friendship—it would destroy Tony. Hell, it already had—once before. The year after Siberia he drank more than ever before. He pushed everyone away, except for Rhodey, for a long time. His ability to trust others, to be open, was ruined. It took forever to recover—in a lot of ways, he was still recovering.
The neon sign with green and red writing beckoned them, just a few more shops away, and Tony couldn’t help but get an excited bounce in his step. This was his absolute favorite Italian place to eat.
He sat up in bed and swung his legs over the side. Sighing deeply, he went into the bathroom to wash his face and pee before pulling on sweatpants and a tank top.
The gentleness in Steve’s sparkling blue eyes nearly made Tony sob on the spot. Kindness is precisely what Tony needed in this moment and yet it was too much for him to handle. He stood, abruptly hurrying towards the hallway.
Nat sipped her coffee, watching Steve closely and considering how to respond to his question. She had seen the heartbreak plastered across his face when he realized that Tony broke his sobriety. And then she saw it get worse when he heard about Tony’s one-night stand. Natasha was not an idiot, far from it, and she had been aware of Steve’s feelings, albeit complicated ones, for Tony for a long time now. These feelings were anything but new, however, the divorce and Tony moving back into the compound had added new, strange layers to the entire situation.
Tony looked down at her, completely mystified by how this tiny and brilliant little human was his daughter. He smiled. “Yes?”
They got a small booth tucked away in the corner, for privacy, with a single small tea light candle flickering in the middle. The chairs were large and cushiony—so entirely comfortable Tony wouldn’t mind being swallowed whole by one. The restaurant’s lantern chandeliers were dimmed to give mood lighting for the patrons—considering anyone out for dinner this late was usually on a romantic date.
“On whether or not Steve’s breakfast cooking has improved,” Nat added in, coming to the rescue. Steve could have kissed her, but he would rather not get punched by Bucky before they sparred later.
“S-steve Rogers, well, I’ve got to say—out of all the people I expected to burst into my office today, you were not one of them,” Tiberius lamely joked, sitting up straight in his chair and smoothing out his suit jacket.
The next few days were fuzzy and mostly full of countless hours of sleep on Tony’s part. His dosage of Fentanyl was slowly being lowered per Bruce’s recommendation, but even the lower doses knocked him out. This was for the better, because the few times he did gain consciousness, he was overcome with pain and discomfort. For several days in a row Steve stayed by his side, overcome by guilt, and feeling responsible to make sure Tony made it through this.
She slid her chair across the floor, coming up to sit next to him at the kitchen table. Nat gently placed her hand over his and squeezed, looking into his eyes with an intensity that even made him uneasy.
Steve sucked in a deep, refreshing breath—he let Nat’s words of wisdom wash over him. He took a moment to ground himself—feel his feet against the sparring mat, smell the sweat in the air, recognize the feeling of Nat’s palm on his arm—this was reality. What Nat said was reality—not his anxiety fueled fears. The nervousness was not completely gone, but it was quelled.
Years of fighting side-by-side made handling the Chitauri a simple task unlike the first time they fought against them. It was funny now, looking back on that first battle together, remembering how clumsy they all were—how they struggled to find a rhythm that actually yielded results. And here they were now—fighting the same threat—and it felt too easy. They would be home before dinner.
Steve led the way to the top of the hill, Morgan sitting on his shoulders and chattering away. She was asking Steve hundreds of questions about what it was like being Captain America, the Avengers, and every in between. Tony slung an arm around Peter’s shoulders and kept him close as they walked up the path. This was never how Tony imagined his evening going, but now that is was happening he couldn’t think of a better way to end the day.
“God—sorry, I’ll leave,” Steve stumbled, spinning around and closing the door with more force than necessary. He rubbed his eyes until they watered, trying to shove the image to the back of his mind, hidden away somewhere he would not find it.
Steve burst out laughing—not the reaction Tony had hoped for regardless of if they had sex or not. He crossed his arms over his chest, pouting, until Steve composed himself enough to respond.
the one who should be apologizing. I should have told you about Buck and your parents. I shouldn’t have lied—you trusted me and I broke that trust. I hurt you. You were vulnerable and all I did was hurt you. I don’t blame you—not for yesterday, not for back then—I’m sorry.”
“Tones, man, if you don’t cut that shit out I’m going to have to kick your ass,” Rhodey cut into his spiral.
He paused, working himself up to saying something out loud that he had denied for far too long. Natasha squeezed his hand, trying to transfer all the love and support she could manage through her touch.
Ice repulsor. Ice. Finding Captain America frozen in ice. Steve. Kissing Steve. God, how good that kiss felt.
In his darkest moments over the last month, Tony had seriously considered what it would be like to end his suffering. The severe pain he felt every waking moment—every sober moment—was something he desperately wanted to stop. But not being present to see Morgan grow up—not being there if the Avengers needed him—stopped him every time.
Tony’s heart stopped when Steve opened the door. Part of him wanted Steve to be out so he could have more time to gain the courage for this conversation.
“I’m sorry—Tony, I really needed to talk to you. And you were hiding in here, probably thinking all the wrong things—so I found my way in,” Steve explained.
It had been insanely flattering to have the Tony Stark make flirty comments his way, both then and now. Eleven years ago Steve had read Tony’s file—the man’s illustrious lifestyle and desirability preceded him. There wasn’t a man or a woman that could resist throwing themselves at him. Tony had grown a lot over the years—he wasn’t about taking everything, or everyone, he wanted with reckless abandon anymore. But one thing that had not changed over the years was that he could—if he wanted someone in his bed, he could have them there in minutes—which made having any single Tony Stark flirtatious line thrown his way thrilling. And flattering. And maybe some of his favorite interactions he got to have with him.
Steve considered this for a moment—could he truly be missing a piece of the puzzle that was this big? After a decade of pining after Tony Stark, was there actually a possibility that his feelings were returned? It did not seem likely—he and Tony, even after all this time, were opposites. In many ways they were contradictory to one another—Tony was the futurist and Steve was a relic of the past, even as he had grown to adapt to the modernity of the world he woke up in. At the end of the day, Tony was brilliant, suave, and charming—lightyears out of Steve’s league. All it took was a look at the people Tony had dated long-term—Pepper, especially, who embodies beauty, sophistication, and charm herself—to recognize that Steve did not fit in among them. If someone lined up all of Tony’s lovers and put Steve in the mix, he would drastically stand out.
“A run, from the other trails on the other side of the compound,” Sam replied. “See? We might as well have run together anyway.”
But even that pain paled in comparison to the agony of having to explain to Clint’s family what happened. Laura’s pain, anger, confusion—her fists against Steve’s chest while he tried to calmly explain and answer her questions that really had no fair answer.
They sat against the wall, side-by-side, as Tony wiped the remaining sweat from his face with a towel. He wasn’t sure why he felt panic when considering opening up to his closest friends—his family—about his feelings. It was just the other day he had that heart-to-heart with Steve and it had gone well—what was there to fear?
He really hoped they didn’t, because he would prefer to distinctly remember something like that happening. Tony cautiously lifted the blankets, trying not to disturb Steve, and get a peek of what they were both wearing.
Tony gasped and clutched his hands over his heart. “Barnes—say it ain’t so. I expected you to have better taste than that!”
“You’re an idiot, Stark. Yes, of course he does. You helped him navigate the 21st century. You gave him a home. You’re the main reason why he knows how to function in this century. Despite whatever lies you’ve let take root in that head of yours, Steve cares about you. A lot. Sometimes it is excruciating how much he won’t shut up about you,” Bucky groaned.
“Keep your goddamn voice down,” Tony grumbled, wincing and leaning on the kitchen island, cradling his head in his hands. He refused to actively engage with this bullshit.
And with one final mighty blast of lightning, Steve evaporated the few remaining Chitauri and smugly tossed Stormbreaker back at Thor. Perhaps the morning had put Steve in a good mood, too, Tony wondered. Or hoped. Hoped and wondered. He landed with a thud in front of them, Bruce’s large green body landing with a louder thud afterward, Natasha in his arms. She jumped down to the ground and dusted herself off, surveying the area, and letting out a whistle.
“Tony, you can stay here tonight. We’ve got plenty of room—your room is still empty and filled with your extra stuff,” he said.
Steve turned away from the podium to look back at Nat and Sam, who were keeping him company by the pool table before Tony’s speech started. He knew his cheeks were bright red from Tony’s public high praise and he tried to hide it by taking a swig of his beer.
Tony finished the last drop of his fourth glass of wine for the evening and the warmth had finally spread throughout his body. He felt lighter and happier than he had in what seemed like ages. But in reality, it was the happiest he had been since he hugged Peter when he came back from the snap.
“It is about time,” Tony laughed, his nanotech helmet fading away to reveal his head. “Only took a decade.”
“So, you’ve decided to stick to your hopeless pining, then?” Bucky snorted before stuffing a forkful of pancake into his mouth.
She stared at him with big, brown eyes, looking like young Bambi—full of innocence and energy. Steve’s smile grew as he looked down at her. “What?”
Nat obviously saw his internal struggle, because she said, “Tony, sometimes the things we do to protect ourselves actually end up hurting us more than they help. Sometimes we think being closed off keeps the pain out, but really, it just keeps it in.”
“Of course I accept your apologies, Tony. I just wish we could have talked about this sooner—years ago,” Steve said, casting his eyes down to the floor, the guilt crumbling on top of him.
He knew the significance of this moment was not lost on either of them—an intimate rendezvous literally a decade in the making—just moments away. He knew that was why he was so damn nervous, because this meant so damn much to him. Also, Steve’s body was carved like a god’s and Tony—well, he was covered in scars and not nearly as in shape as he used to be—he would be lying if he said he wasn’t a tad self-conscious.
Steve nodded. He sat down in the armchair off to the side of his bed, where he would spend his time reading, and motioned for Tony to take a seat on the edge of his mattress. Several moments of palpable silence stretched out between them.
“Hey honey,” Pepper interrupted, sweeping her daughter up in her arms and sighing. “Can you go outside the room where Auntie Nat is waiting?”
As Steve shut the door to Tony’s suite behind them, Tony spun around with a new wakefulness from the walk back. Steve raised his eyebrows when he saw the smirk on Tony’s lips.
Steve’s cheeks flushed pink, but he did not pull away or back down. Instead, he continued to look Tony directly in the eyes and his hand pushed more firmly against his lower back. This was, apparently, their new normal—testing the waters, pushing the boundaries back-and-forth. It was a game of chicken as they both tried to see who would back away first or who would give in to the temptation.
Resigned, he sat there and sobbed to his heart’s content. Steve never gave himself permission to cry. He was a soldier, the leader, and he maintained his emotional strength at all times. But even a leader needed to cry. It was something he allowed only when in solitude and only when it became too much to hold in.
And then the sound of Thor’s booming voice getting closer and closer to the living room made Tony spring up and away from Steve so fast it looked like nothing had ever happened. By the time Thor and Sam entered, the only remnant of what had transpired was the flushing on their cheeks.
He found the Stone Media building with ease—it was only a few gigantic skyscrapers down from the Avengers Tower. The name was plastered in large cursive letters on the side. He remembered a story Tony told him ages ago about how he bought Ty the building for his burgeoning media company. Ty had been cut out of his family’s inheritance and Tony, being the overly generous friend he was, went and bought him all ninety floors on a whim.
It was the first time Tony realized that the pain in his hip and leg was completely gone. That must have meant that while he was unconscious Bruce put him through the regeneration technology Cho had developed. His hand shot down to grab at his side—the wound was indeed gone—and he could not restrain the sigh of relief that escaped. God he loved modern technology and how it vastly improved medicine. And god he loved Bruce—he made a mental note to thank him later.
“Well, we can’t order until they’re here or we run the risk of our food getting cold,” Nat added. “So it’s better to just wait. There are worse things than spending time with us, Barnes.” She winked at him which got her a smirk in return.
“You should go,” Tony interjected, standing up and looking Ty in the eyes. “You need to go, actually.”
“Uhhhhh,” Peter replied, mouth muffled by a forkful of pancakes. He swallowed, hard. “Well. You see—he said he worked for you and uh. Well, I thought he was a good guy. Another prodigy of yours.”
“Ty,” Tony replied without elaboration. He didn’t need to—Nat had known him from her time pretending to be a secretary. And she had been aware of the nature of their relationship. That one time she walked in still horrified Tony to this day.
Tony promptly hobbled into the bathroom to wash his face and gain a semblance of composure. He was not sure what had come over him today—why had he been so consumed for lust for Steve this evening? He had always been painfully aware of how attractive Captain Handsome was, but normally he could compartmentalize enough for it to be a fleeting thought.
“Input on what?” Tony grumbled, shuffling into the kitchen with his hair a mess and eyes barely open. His usual ‘I barely made it out of bed’ look any time before noon.
“I am,” Rhodey boasted. “But Tony’s a child sometimes. I love him, but he is. And he’s allowed to have multiple best friends, but no one else is.”
They were greeted by a dozen Iron Man suits flying through the air hanging strings of lights off of the entire Compound. And another handful were setting up extravagant lawn decorations that included light up reindeer, candy canes, and more. In just a few minutes, the entire outside of the Compound was a Christmas wonderland. Once their duties were complete, Tony tapped a few buttons on his screen and they flew away back to the workshop they came from. When he looked over at Peter and Steve, their mouths were hanging open with eyes wide: awestruck.
“Thanks Friday,” Steve said, entering the room balancing a tray of food, water, and coffee on one arm and closing the door with his free hand. “Tony?”
“I was just so—well, I still am so nervous and I was hoping a good sparring match would knock it out of me,” he looked at Bucky accusingly. “But it didn’t and I couldn’t hold it in anymore. So here we are.”
“I know, I know—I convinced Happy to bring me over without telling you, because I wanted to show you the new webshooter tech I developed and I—well, I missed you,” Peter mumbled.
Tony let the silence hang there for a moment, his eyebrows raised in disbelief. Steve’s heart was racing—not because he was lying—but because it was the last topic he ever thought he would discuss with Tony.
But given his feelings for Tony the last thing it was his place to do was comment on Pepper. His stomach twisted at the sound of her name though—it reminded him how picture perfect of a couple the two of them were. Sure—Pepper could never fully understand Tony’s love and dedication for Iron Man and the Avengers—but it was obvious she was the perfect catch.
Tony, unlike Steve, ripped into the paper without hesitation. The tension in the air was overwhelming and he wanted to dispel it—everyone’s eyes were still eagerly watching them and it made him feel suffocated. The sooner this bit was over, the better.
Gradually, Steve’s eyes fluttered open to stare at Tony with hazy azure eyes. A genuine, but large and goofy grin, spread across his face when he realized Tony was awake and looking right back at him.
When Steve let himself into the secret workshop Tony was standing in the far left corner, his back to him, working away on a project. He didn’t even turn around—well of course he didn’t, he thinks Rhodey just walked in—and suddenly Steve regretted betraying Tony’s trust. Well—Rhodey had, technically—but that didn’t stop Steve from feeling bad about going along with it. The last thing he needed to do was ruin Tony’s trust any further—that was really, at the core of it, the problem between them. And then, like it always did, Tony’s voice guided Steve back to reality.
The minute Tony ducked his head down to work, Steve glanced up, and smiled softly to himself. He was blissfully unaware of Tony’s staring just seconds ago—had he known, he would likely be the color of a ripe tomato. Instantly he Steve became enthralled with Tony’s diligent fingers as he modified the equipment before him. He was endlessly amazed by the way Tony’s brain worked, his brilliance, and how he could figure out a problem in record time.
“Okay,” Tony started, pulling some keys out of his pockets and unlocking the door to the gallery. “It’s just us here, because I wanted you to see this first and get your approval. But if you don’t like it—Bucky helped me so you have to get mad at him too, okay?”
“What’s got your panties in a twist?” she asked, smirking. But Steve knew she was asking a serious question under the guise of a joke. He placed the broken pencil on the small table by his chair and ran a shaking hand through his hair.
“No shit, Sherlock! You think I have that kind of energy?” and the two of them dissolved into chaotic laughter, quickly earning the attention of Steve and Morgan when they reached the top of the hill.
“Remind—how exactly did he con you out of the super special Stark Industries glasses I entrusted you with?” Tony said, frowning.
Steve, the man who had a plan for everything, was stuck staring at Tony’s phone on the floor across the room. He was lost in thought, too deep in his own scheming to delegate what the other two should be doing right now. Nat could see his wheels turning, but left him to it for fear of interrupting a genius plan being created.
Becoming aware of his own faults, through seeing them in someone else, was suffocating. He felt the tide of his mistakes rising, choking him, and engulfing him entirely.
All of that to say—reporters uncovering less than ideal news stories about his life was routine by this point. However, for the last seven years he had led a relatively tame life and stories with his name in them were generally positive. The last clickbait tagline he could remember about his life had to do with his marriage to Pepper ending—but all the information inside was speculation. Married life and having a child had calmed down his antics, thus leaving him out of most news cycles.
Obviously it wasn’t, because after he had apologized to Nat, Rhodey, and Steve he got an earful from the Black Widow about how he ‘wasn’t done giving out apologies’ for what happened. Bitterly, Tony had agreed that she was right and that he would figure out how to go about it. Which led him to where he was now—awkwardly standing outside the library doorway, fiddling with his hands and watching a James Barnes reading inside. He was sitting in a big armchair, his back to Tony and the doorway, book in his lap. Anxiety was swirling in his belly, because apparently even years later Tony feared Bucky’s power—both physically and in the importance he held in Steve’s life. Just as he concerned turning around and leaving, trying again another day, Bucky spoke up.
“I could say the same thing,” Tony huffed out. And then Steve was kissing him again, very slowly, to the point that it was almost agonizing. He wasn’t sure if that was Steve’s intention, to be torturously slow, but he figured it was worth it to savor every second of this experience. The arousal in his groin started begging for attention, causing him to begin rutting against Steve desperately. They both gasped into the kiss when their bulges brushed against each other.
“Look Tones, I know you’re a futurist and you’re always trying to look far down the road, but that’s also what gets you so anxious. That’s what caused Ultron and the Accords and every other thing you regret. You look ahead and assume that everything ahead has got to be the worst case scenario and then you make bad choices,” Rhodey explained. “But you forget you’re also amazing at fixing things. Building new things. And that maybe it is okay to make choices that exist only in this one moment. And when something does go wrong in the future, you can fix it.”
“God—it is good to be back. Even if it’s just for a couple days. Helping Fury set up S.W.O.R.D. is exhausting work,” she sighed.
“Since two weeks ago, they have started touching each other more. You know—little touches—on the arm, in passing, like a quiet acknowledgment of something unspoken. And if they’re not attached at the hip on the couch, they’re entirely avoiding one another,” she explained. Natasha turned around, her back facing Bucky, the zipper on her off-the-shoulder green velvet dress undone. “Can you zip me up?”
“We still love each other Tony—and we are doing really well at raising Morgan together, even divorced—can’t you see it is healthier this way? I know what it was like for you…growing up in a household with parents who argued and loathed each other—I never wanted us to become that and we were. This way we get to love each other still, not like that but that’s okay. But I need you to stop blaming yourself—tearing yourself up over this—it isn’t good for you, for Morgan, or your team—your family,” she explained.
He felt exposed. Uncomfortable. The second Nat was done explaining the mysterious Tiberius Stone, Steve sprinted out of the room and off for a run. He felt her investigative stare and needed to be free from it. He resented being analyzed without his permission. And hell, he knew when it came to Tony his poker face was not nearly as proficient as it should be. Sometimes he missed his ability to be stone faced, the way he was when he first met Tony, when all they did was bicker and lob insults back and forth. At least back then no one could read his feelings on his face with ease.
“It is made from the finest Asgardian threads,” Thor explained. “I thought you deserved one that was made to fit you.”
Tony was not a man prone to nervousness or anxiety when interacting with his teammates. In fact, that was one area of his life that he was normally fearless in. The few times he could remember being nervous in regards to the Avengers almost always had to do with Steve.
Tony left his room and wandered into the kitchen. He went to the bar and poured himself a glass of scotch. The golden liquid warmed his throat all the way down to his stomach. It was like an instantaneous fix—he already felt more at ease and peaceful. Nothing beat the sensation of a good glass of scotch sliding down his tongue. He had once called it a “heavenly elixir” and had yet to think of a better name for it.
“And I said that’s unfair, because not everyone is a millionaire,” Steve retorted, falling perfectly in step with the story Tony was making up.
Tony’s cheeks gradually got redder under Steve’s gaze until he broke, “Take a picture, it will last longer Rogers.”
“I know—Ty, I’m sorry, I didn’t anticipate having to end things so suddenly like that. I mean, I had no idea—“
“Sorry Cap,” Tony chuckled. “It’s just the damn shirt of yours—looks like your muscles are begging to be let free. Its distracting.”
God—how would that work? He knew Steve was sorry for what had happened between them, but was that the same thing as knowing not to lie again?
“That Pepper actually had feelings for you, too? Yeah, I know. I don’t hold a grudge, really,” Ty insisted. “Even though I told you a million times that she did, in fact, love you, too.”
When he finally looked away to observe the rest of his surroundings, he caught a glimpse of Steve walking up one of the many compound paths back up to the front door. It left his mouth before he could even think about it,
“Hey,” Tony chuckled, reaching out to gently push strands of hair out of his face. “You’re beautiful in the morning.”
“Yeah—okay. Yeah,” Tony smiled, briefly squeezing Rhodey’s hand to make it clear he understood. “Thank you, Sweetiepie. I don’t know what I would do without you—really, you’re the love of my life.”
Every drink turned down the volume on Tony’s self-destructive thoughts. The burn of the amber liquid steadied him—it gave him just enough, a drop’s worth of ability, to go on. As a teenager the fire of alcohol used to make him recoil, but now Tony craved its singe as it poured down his throat. It felt like home.
Tony squeezed him. God, if only this kid knew just how important he was. “I am happy. You make me really happy, Peter.”
“That’s not gonna be good.” Rhodey grimaced and turned to Natasha who, alternatively, looked delighted.
“I’ve been your friend for decades, I know what you look like when you zone out into one of your anxiety spirals.”
When Tony just stared, he panicked, continuing on, “I won’t bother you, I just thought it might be nice. Y-you know, we said we would start spending more time together, like we used to, so I thought—“
He had advised Pepper and Morgan move there and as a result placed them directly in harm’s way. Tony was certain he could never forgive himself for this.
“Why would he do that? Why would he stay here all the time?” he asked, growing steadily more incoherent.
“Tony—you’ve always loved him. Even when you were a child. And how could you not? With the way Howard talked about him, he practically baited you into it. And then he came back—and in 2012 I knew. I’ve known,” she explained.
Tony’s heart swelled seeing Natasha and Wanda, two members of the team who had grown exponentially since he first met them, be so loving and gentle with his daughter. And Morgan absolutely adored both of them. It was a relief to see the team happily accept Morgan into their space and incorporate her into their days
And instead of using words, Tony pulled Steve down into a deep kiss. He slipped his tongue past those lavish lips and rolled his hips against Steve’s—earning a delicious, deep moan from the other man. When he felt he had made his point abundantly clear, Tony broke away and stared at him defiantly.
“Yeah, yeah. Sometimes I like to be considerate of other people’s schedules, thank you very much,” Tony huffed. He put a lot of money down on the table—way more than the food cost, by Steve’s judgement—and they walked back to the car.
“Did you know Aunt May is dating Happy?” Peter groaned, sitting across from Tony at their favorite diner in Queens, Pop’s Diner.
“You’ve outdone yourselves,” Tony complimented Sam and Scott, who were eagerly greeting everyone as they entered the room. “I’m impressed.”
Tony bristled, aware that he was being obvious and that Bucky was giving him the benefit of the doubt. The tension and anxiety was rolling off of him in waves. “Yeah—okay, I know I’m not being very subtle about this. But I owe you an apology—and no, not just because Natasha threatened to break my wrist if I didn’t—I really do owe you one. For my comments the other night, yes, but also for holding what happened to my parents over your head.”
This beautiful moment feels simultaneously powerful and yet so fragile. Both men are frantic to engrain it in their memories, their hands running over each other’s arms and chests, logging the details their fingertips find.
Steve, Nat, and Rhodey rushed in right as Tony threw his phone across the living room. It smacked against the wall and landed to the floor with a thud.
He could not deny the beauty of being surrounded by his found family—the room full of laughter and comfort. This was one of those rare moments they all slowed down and were able to be themselves—not the Avengers. And yet they were both at the same time—a family who would fight to the death to protect one another.
“I don’t have the faintest idea,” Rhodey answered, hiding his smirk behind his mug when Tony looked away.
“Alright, time for bed,” he mumbled. And if he touched himself to the thought of a particular super soldier with gorgeous blue eyes before falling asleep, well, no one needed to know.
Three hours later, Steve settled on the blue button up shirt that Nat had suggested from the beginning because ‘it really brings out his eyes’ and ‘Tony can’t resist his eyes.’ He had spent too much time flip flopping between options because this had to be perfect.
Steve’s eyes were welling up with tears. And the tears stung. They were fueled by years of denial and refusal to feel these emotions.
“Ooohhh, right. I should have known,” Tony smirked. “You like to keep it in the family. Well—one specific family.”
“Pepper, I’m panicking,” Tony blurted out, cradling his cell phone between his cheek and shoulder. He was multi-tasking, working on a mindless upgrade to Ant-Man’s suit while Pepper had given him an update on the social media scandal. Pepper—brilliant, amazing Pepper—had taken care of any residual public relations issues and cleared the air.
They made their way out of the party, down to the front of the tower where valet was waiting with Tony’s car, and he shot a quick text to Pepper letting her know they were leaving. Just as they reached the curb outside, a swarm of paparazzi swarmed around them. The flashing lights and shouting voices were something Tony always hated—but not having experienced it for a few years was overwhelming. He froze in fear—moments from his time in Afghanistan and fighting Thanos flashing through his mind.
“Putting myself in harm’s way at the tower—a week ago?—god yeah, last week,” Tony said, looking away and fiddling with a string on the blanket. “It was reckless of me. And I comprised everyone in the process. I should know better by now, really.”
“Hey, it’s gonna be okay. It’s just me and you—together, yeah?” Tony said, giving Steve the most reassuring look he could manage while also languidly stroking their erections.
“Morgan—you know mom invented that word. Not me. I’m just using her word,” Tony said, hands up in the air while feigning innocence. “And Cap—you can take your 1940s values and shove them up your—“
The beauty of having the others back—Bucky, Sam, T’Challa—everyone—truly should outweigh the pain Steve was feeling, but it just failed to. He could not make peace with getting things back if it meant someone else had to lose everything. It felt like yesterday he lost Peggy and it often did not take much to open that wound. He knew Laura would live a similar life—always one trigger away from that all-consuming pain.
But Steve was wearing that damn dark blue shirt that accentuated every line of every muscle on his perfectly toned body. His blue eyes were piercing and they took Tony’s breath away. Tony didn’t realize he hadn’t said anything until Steve’s voice broke through again.
“Hey—Tony, it’s okay,” she said, voice steady and soothing. “I’ve told you, you can always talk to me about anything. We are still friends—I will always be here for you.”
Tony stayed silent, focusing on shoveling the delicious food into his mouth, and afraid of what he might say otherwise. The tone of Steve’s voice alone ignited that desire in him all over. He had to keep his mouth preoccupied or else it might say—or do—something he would regret. The idea of making a move on Steve—seeing the horror on his face—and having to hear about how it ‘wasn’t like that’ or something worse—that was not a risk Tony was willing to take. He was too fragile to have his heart shattered into a million pieces right now.
But this morning Tony was hungover with a narcissistic sociopath in his bed. Suddenly, Steve remembered how miserable Tony looked hunched over the kitchen island with his head in his hands. The bitter sorrow tone in his voice. The way he finally snapped at Ty to get him out of the compound.
“I’m not stupid Rogers—I like to think I know you pretty well. And I heard Nat and Sam talking about it the other day.”
“Come on Tony, let’s get you to bed,” Steve said, wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders and helping him stand up.
They were almost to the top when they heard the first repulsor shot ring out over the comms. Bile rose up in the back of Steve’s throat at the idea of Tony or Pepper injured.
“Sorry Cap, hate to break it to ya, but it’s my family life, my personal life—I know if it’s a big deal to me or not,” Tony snapped.
“Yeah but…I can’t shake this feeling that it’s all selfish of me. The not loving her like that, the wanting a family and the work, not being able to let go of the Avengers. I’m greedy—why couldn’t I just settle down?”
“You don’t have to apologize,” Tony said. “I’m not upset—just worried. You still want to do this—right?”
“No—wait,” Tony held up a quivering hand. “I’m not done.” A deep, shuddering breath. “I’m jealous of you, Barnes. I thought Steve was my best friend and suddenly you waltz into the picture and he keeps secrets from me—about my own parents—and I end up with a shield in my chest. It uh…it broke my heart. But even that isn’t on you. And yet I’ve acted like it was and…I’m sorry. For all of it. And I want to do better.”
“I know, but holding alcohol might help?” she replied, smiling innocently up at him. “You’re over here brooding in a corner because you didn’t ask your crush out to the dance. Just drink.”
Every Sunday night was Family Dinner at the Avengers compound. Tony had invested in a long dinner table to seat everyone after the Time Heist. Most Sundays almost everyone made it—even those who were traveling out in space would make time for Family Dinner. It was something they all ended up taking pretty seriously after recovering from the snap. Losing everyone had given them a renewed sense of how important they all were to each other. Steve loved it.
“I’ve seen you kiss M.J. enough times for two lifetimes, kid, so you better get used to it,” Tony said. He ruffled Peter’s hair and Peter smacked his hands away.
“Well, Stevie, punching Stone and making him fix his own mess it badass. Not making a move on Tony, even though you have had feelings for him since I can remember, is stupid. Actually, it is also stupid that you are questioning whether you were picking up on the signals correctly or not.”
“Sir—uh, Captain America—sorry, is that it?” she asked, fumbling on how to address him and stop him from barging through the doors.
Steve looked at her, just his eyes visible over the newspaper he was reading and held her gaze. They sat in silence, a stand-off to see who would break first, but they both knew it would be Steve who gave in.
Tony turned around only to be met with Steve looking utterly dashing in a navy blue suit with black around the trim and a bowtie. He looked better than Tony had expected.
Even hungover, Tony was still not an idiot—he knew that his friends had removed the alcohol from all the public areas in the compound after catching onto his state of mind.
Steve was curled up in the armchair next to Tony’s bed, drawing in his sketchpad a beautiful piece of the Iron Man suit, getting lost in his thoughts. He had yet to shake the overwhelming feeling that Tony’s injury was on his shoulders. It was his job to see a situation for what it really was and act accordingly. But in this case he let himself get fooled by Stane’s ground army of robots and the result was a gaping wound in Tony’s leg.
Unlike Natasha, Steve was still as a statue while channeling all his energy into remaining calm. He was seeing red, silently seething, and ready to beat Ty’s face into a pulp on a moment’s notice. But the rage inside of him did not feel justified or earned—Tony was allowed to do as he pleased and he was a grown adult. He did not even know this Tiberius character, but Nat did, and her anger towards him made him feel mildly better about his own.
His primary concern was to not disturb Tony—to not invade his personal space. He clasped his hands on his chest and listened closely to the other man’s breathing. It was not long before he could tell Tony had fallen asleep.
When Tony walked in, his breath was genuinely taken away. In all his life he had never celebrated Christmas quite like this—with Avengers family, at maximum Christmas cheer. Growing up with Howard and Maria, the holidays were barely celebrated, and usually only because Jarvis went out of his way to make Tony feel special. And all the Christmases celebrated with Pepper, and then Pepper and Morgan, had been lovely but simple and small. But this Christmas felt like the ones seen in the movies—big, beautiful, but full of love.
He scrubbed his hands over his face, leaning forward in his chair and trying to breathe into the tightness that built up in his chest. The panic attacks had started coming back about a week ago. Instinctively, he knew Adam was right but he was terrified of admitting his faults out loud to a group of strangers he did not really give a damn about.
The living room was decorated to the nines—glistening lights hanging, a fully ornament clad massive green tree served as the centerpiece to all the festive décor. It smelled like cinnamon and fresh baked pie. Outside it was snowing, as if the weather gods had conspired with Scott and Sam to make this evening as picturesque as possible. The fireplace in the corner was roaring with a real crackling fire—the room managing to be comfortably warm and not too overwhelming.
He took three more Tylenol than he needed to and downed two glasses of water in record time. And he had forgotten his plan to avoid everyone in the compound until Steve and Nat came walking into the kitchen. They both caught one glance of him and knew. He knew they knew.
“Fair enough, Cap. But I bet we get even better service tonight since Captain Handsome is in the building with his bright blue eyes and bulging arm muscles.” Tony wiggled his eyebrows, his laughter getting louder once Steve flushed and made a feeble attempt at looking upset.
It made him want to scoop Tony up and reassure him that everything will be alright until he believed him. Steve would do that for decades if that is what it took, because Tony deserved the world and much more.
He was wearing one of Tony’s black Stark Industries tees and boxers. A dark purple hickey was visible on his neck and he smirked proudly. He was flaunting his sexual encounter with Tony like a peacock.
“Right, well, I have a company to run and construction to organize for the tower, so Morgan and I are heading out, okay?” Pepper smirked, planting one kiss on his cheek before standing up to leave. He caught her wrist before she could go, his expression open and vulnerable.
“Oh god—not in front of me,” Peter groaned, shielding his eyes when Tony leaned forward to plant a kiss on Steve’s lips. Tony held the kiss a little longer than intended out of spite.
“No, no, no! Sorry, I wasn’t trying to say that,” Peter responded, panicked. “No, what I mean is just—that if you two are going to be happier not being together, like that, then it is what’s best for both of you. And Morgan. Cause it is not going to be good for her to grow up with her parents unhappy together, you know?”
“He’s definitely not a virgin,” she laughed. “The amount of times I walked in on him and Sharon when we were on the run was embarrassing.”
Tony caught Steve’s eyes from across the room—they were sitting on entirely opposite ends of the large U-shaped couch that took up half of the space. He saw something that he couldn’t name lingering on Steve’s expression and it broke his heart. Maybe it was disappointment or maybe it was something else—Tony was not sure. He knew Steve thought the world of him even though he consistently gave him reasons not to. Whenever Tony wanted to feel better about himself he pretended to see himself the way Steve saw him. But here they sat, across from one another, countless unspoken thoughts hanging in the air between them.
Bucky took a bite of the plum, and through his chews said, “Buddy, if you don’t know what I mean I ain’t gonna be the one to tell you. You gotta figure that shit out yourself.”
Tony handed Steve the lube with his free hand. “Okay, I’m going to need you to work me open, okay? I’ll tell you if it hurts or if I need you to stop—but its easy, I promise.”
“I showed up at his office, yelled at him—he was an ass—so I punched him. And then made his company post a retraction saying the photo was fake. He won’t be bothering Tony anymore, you know? And then I come back and make Tony dinner and go down to see him. He was being silly at first, joking around. And then when I told him—the entire energy shifted.”
Tony did not resurface for another eight hours. He had taken ample time to recover from his excruciating hangover. It was important to him that when he interacted with anyone from the team that his hangover did not get in the way and sour the mood. He could not remember the last time alcohol knocked him this hard off his feet. Maybe it had been in college when he and Rhodey snuck into Jared Lynch’s graduation party. Tony had so much to drink that night he completely blacked out and woke up in a stranger’s bed. That hangover was a nightmare.
And Tony could not help but stare at him. The sun was hitting Steve’s face just right—his hair golden and eyes sparkling blue. Morgan was content in his lap, completely melting into him, and almost asleep from a good thirty minutes of playing with a super soldier. It was picture perfect.
“Mr. Stark, a pleasure seeing you tonight. Would you like your usual booth?” the hostess asked as he and Steve entered the restaurant.
His eyes wandered back over to Tony across the room—he was mid-conversation with about four other suits who looked ready to devour him whole. And all Steve could think about were Tony’s words back in his workshop about hating all of this performative bullshit and the leeches that showed up for it. If Nat had not taken the drink of out his hand it would have shattered as his grip tightened.
“Oh—I think you’d be surprised at how good I am handling big ones,” Steve replied, a devilish smirk on his face as he turned to face his teammate. Thor stared at him but relented in laughter.
He strode across the room and stepped behind the podium, tapping the mic to make a loud noise throughout the expansive room to grab everyone’s attention. The conversation faded to silence and everyone turned their attention to Tony Stark. While many people in the room were close friends and colleagues of Tony’s, a massive amount of the guests were strangers to him—friends of friends, potential donors, political supporters—so this speech mattered.
“Any woman would be lucky to have you in the sack.” Tony got a wicked look on his face. “Or guy. To have sex with Captain America? I mean—that’s got to be on thousands if not millions of bucket lists.”
“That you’re human too. That you’re not actually made out of iron and tech. You’re a person and people screw up. I screw up daily, I think.”
“Hey Peter, remind me to teach you about something called being fashionably late, later,” Tony said, pulling out a chair to sit down between Nat and Scott—across from Steve.
“Well, you’ll continue to learn, I’m full of surprises Steve,” Tony said with devilish smirk. “Yeah—Jarvis used to take me here all the time when I was a kid. This was our hideout whenever Howard got particularly unbearable. And I kept coming here throughout adulthood. I tip really well, that’s probably why they remember me.”
“I can’t believe they’re late to the lunch they invited us to,” Bucky complained, mindlessly scooting his glass of water around on the table.
“You’re pretty but you can be a real idiot sometimes, Rogers,” Nat started. “Tony’s been jealous of you and Bucky since forever. He thought he was your best friend.”
“That would be great, Tony. Yeah, I’d love that,” Steve beamed at him, unrestrained, and Tony wondered how he could be so comfortable showing emotion.
“We did…but…it doesn’t just go back to how it was overnight. We agreed to start hanging out more again, but it takes time,” Tony lamented. “And I’ve never been a patient person.”
“Nice try Tony, but I know what it looks like when someone tries to avoid talking about something,” she responded, tightening her grip on him as he started to squirm. “But I love you—we all do—and you need to trust us and talk to us. If you don’t, we can’t support you the ways you need us to.”
And it all really started that first night, huddled over the work bench together in a strange space of intimacy, something changed. The new awareness of his feelings for Tony was crippling and thrilling. It had been too long since his last date—over 70 years to be exact—and he had yet to feel something quite like this since waking up in the new world.
“Why Captain, you’re too kind. You’re so committed to keeping me honorable. However might I repay you, kind sir?”
“Sorry boss—it was my conclusion that you were not in a healthy headspace and therefore a friend checking in on you would be beneficial,” Friday’s calm voice responded.
A memory he had desperately tried to forget bubbled to the surface—it was just a few months after the battle of New York and the Chitauri invasion. The Avengers had all been officially living in the Tower for a few weeks and it was chaos.
Tony knows he owes Steve an apology, but even more than that, he knows they have things they need to truly finally discuss.
“If anyone is being cast to the side, it’s me,” Tony snapped, standing up and starting to walk out of the room. He paused before he was completely out of their earshot, turning around to get one last word in, “You know—if you want to care about me, maybe you ask me my side of things instead of coming at me with information given to you by the woman I am
Once both of their shirts were off, the feeling of their skin on skin erased any sense of insecurity Tony had been worried about before. Instead, he eagerly leaned up and started kissing along Steve’s neck—pausing to suck and bite, leaving marks even though they would disappear in a few minutes. Sometimes the serum was more of a pain in the ass than anything else, Tony mused.
Tony sucked in a few sharp breaths of air to calm himself, anxiety spiking, and closed his eyes briefly. Once he felt level, he opened them and happily took in the sight of Steve before him. Steve was wearing that delicious dark blue button down that was several sizes too small—seriously, did the super solider purposely shop for tight clothes or did he just not know how to shop?
Tony wiped the final tears of laughter off his face and turned to look at Steve. He quirked one eyebrow, “Yes?”
They fell into bed together, limbs intertwined and bodies falling into sync. And just like the nights before, Tony could feel all the ways they simply fit together. Their communication was almost all non-verbal—they just knew what the other meant or wanted by looking into their eyes.
“Alright Pep—whatever you say. But when I get rejected and am crying for weeks on end, you’re going to have to clean up your mess.”
Tony's locked himself away after kissing Steve under the mistletoe causing both him and Steve to spiral into thoughts of self-doubt. Thankfully, Rhodey and Natasha have a way of pushing their friends to do things they're too stupid to do on their own.
Sam and Bucky got up and started clearing the table, while the others continued their conversation. Once the table was cleaned off and Wanda went to help the boys do the dishes, Tony stood up to stretch, stumbling to the side in the process.
The Gala kicked off just as Steve had expected it to—Pepper opened up with a speech, her new beau close-by, and the room was swimming with rich jerks looking to get something out of Tony or S.I. for their own selfish endeavors. Even the thought of that made Steve’s stomach sick—he hated the idea of people coming here to simply to take advantage of Tony, his intellect, and his money.
I had originally intended for the last chapter of this fic to be a long epic one. But as I wrote it, that didn't feel write. Instead I wanted some simple fluff and happiness. The next chapter is just a short little epilogue. I am so excited to have this fic done soon. It has been a big project for me. I hope you love it. Please continue to share and comment! It gives me life. <3
He wanted to protest, argue, and ask her for more information but when he tried to he found that the drugs were taking over his system. Which, in reality, was probably for the best since the pain was starting to creep back up his spine. As his eyelids fluttered shut he prayed he would remember to further investigate what she meant.
Tonight Steve only had to set nine spaces—Tony, Bucky, Sam, Nat, Peter, Wanda, Bruce, Thor, and Scott were the only ones RSVP’d to show up. Carol and Valkyrie were out exploring a potential threat to a Skrull refugee base, the Guardians were off on a mission, Wakanda was hosting foreign diplomats, and everyone else had vague prior commitments.
Steve hid his face in his hands and groaned. He needed a break from Tony’s gaze—those beautiful, brilliant brown eyes bearing down onto him—he just needed a second of respite. The way Tony looked at him made his stomach twist and turn into knots. It was thrilling and terrifying.
Steve stayed silent—Tony and Pepper had been broken up for about a year now. The aftermath of the Battle of New York was the straw that broke the camel’s back. She could not stand by and watch him continue to almost die inside a red and gold suit of armor. And Tony could not put the armor away forever and sleep soundly at night.
“You didn’t have to do that, you know,” Tony broke the silence. “Just because of what I told you in the shop the other week.”
Tony reached up and ran his fingers through Steve’s hair—it felt as good as he had always imagined it would. He pressed his tongue against Steve’s lips and was pleasantly surprised when Steve opened his mouth to reciprocate. What had started out as a gentle kiss quickly dissolved into a passionate blur—Tony could feel Steve’s hands steady on his hips, their bodies pressing into one another, and the warmth of their lips and breath on their faces. They ravished each other as if the fate of the world depended on it. Their kissed grew in intensity, desperation—and Tony could feel Steve’s eagerness pressing against his hipbone. He knew Steve could feel his, too.
He knew it was illogical—especially since Tony said he loved him too just the night before—but somehow it was scarier to think you might lose something you now have. He also knew that Tony was significantly more humble, gracious, and simple than people assumed him to be. The man preferred Burger King over steak, grease stained jeans and a ratty band tee over a tailored suit, and crappy homemade coffee over a fancy latte. Steve was too in his head about this—he knew all of this—but anxiety rarely listened to reason, even if the reason was clear.
“I will make popcorn!” Thor announced, wandering over to the adjacent kitchen and pulling out far more bags of popcorn than necessary.
“Sharon and I agreed it is best to stay friends,” Steve snapped, dropping a plate of food down in front of Bucky.
Bucky’s heart could damn well burst right then and there from the amount of love that surged inside of him at the sight of Natasha and her perfect smile. She was everything to him. He was beyond grateful to have found her—someone who understood every single intricacy of who he was, what he had been through—and loved him anyway. Sure, sometimes they fought like hell, but at the root of everything between them was a deep, mutual respect and care for one another.
Tony stared down at the art in his hands, mouth hanging open a bit, and eyes sparkling. He turned it over in his hands a few times, looking at it from every angle, before making eye contact with Steve again. There was a subtle blush on his face when he spoke, “This is beautiful Steve. You’re really talented. If this superhero stuff ever gets boring, I’ll get you a job in animation or something. Disney loves me.”
Tony found that even though the regeneration process had successfully repaired his wound, walking was still difficult, and he might need minor physical therapy to fully recover. The wound might be gone, but the muscle needed to gain some strength back. He ended up grateful that no one was around to watch him fall flat on his face on his way to the couch.
The resting of the evening was full of Christmas cheer—a fantastic meal that Sam and Scott had catered in so no one had to worry about cooking, lots of laughter, and even a few rounds of card games like Go Fish. Towards the end of the evening Tony cuddled up to Nat on the couch and she stroked his hair, humming softly.
“It’s just not usually like me to not jump the bones of a beautiful blonde the second I get them into my bed,” Tony purred, scooting closer to Steve’s body. Each soft kiss Steve pressed to his knuckles and the palm of his hand made his stomach flutter.
“Yeah, actually, it has been driving me pretty crazy watching everyone gawk all over you tonight. We should have sold tickets for your meet-and-greet at the rate our guests have been fawning,” Tony said, his voice lowered and huskier than before.
Tony knew Steve emphasized the ‘and’ because otherwise Tony would blindly rush inside alone with no concern for his own safety. Instantly rebellion and defiance started to bubble up inside of him. Stane’s attack was personal.
“No, uh, Friday told me you were in here—and I couldn’t sleep, but everyone else is—and I thought, maybe I could join you?” he asked, sheepishly holding up a sketchbook and charcoal pencils.
“Yeah Tones, that’s something I’ve totally heard you say before,” Rhodey chastised as they sat down in a booth tucked away in a corner. Tony had called ahead and reserved a space that was not blatantly in public view. The Avengers had all thought it was impossible for their ‘fame’ to grow, but after the world caught wind on how they pulled off the Time Heist, their popularity exploded tenfold. Now going out in public required skill and planning ahead—for all of them, not just the famous Captain America and Tony Stark.
“Well, as both you and Rhodey-bear can see, I’m completely fine. I’m working on a new project, top secret, and that’s why I’ve retreated to my super special hidey-hole,” Tony said.
Once they got into the hallway, away from the earshot of the others, Steve said, “Tony, I know how much money and effort it must have taken to find those things from my childhood. You really did not have to go through all that trouble.”
Captain America was a hero, a leader, and someone to be desired by everyone. But that was a costume and a title, not the true essence of who Steve was. He knew without a doubt that on the inside he was still that scrawny kid from Brooklyn who almost died from the common cold more times than he would care to admit. He was still the kid who needed Bucky to save him from every fight he threw himself into just to prove that he wasn’t weak. And he was still the kid that had to lie to get into the military because even they knew he was not good enough as is.
“I’ll see you later, Tony.” And with that he left with Bucky, the two laughing about some inside joke that made a green jealous monster in the base of Tony’s spine awaken.
And yet, hearing it said like that sent a waves of excitement and relief down his spine. The anxiety would probably come later—but for now it was nice. It was thrilling to make it a little bit real. Suddenly, the possibilities started bubbling up in Tony’s chest and he couldn’t hide the small smile that grew.
“Peter—I got irresponsibly drunk when I brought you here for the family dinner and I promptly fell apart. I was responsible for watching over you, getting you home, and I failed. You deserve better from me. I should have never put any of that on you—I’m trying to say sorry. I’m sorry,” Tony explained.
When Steve started to deepen the kiss, his tongue sweeping across Tony’s lips, Tony broke away chuckling. He patted him on the cheek, grinning. “We’re not done just yet, big guy. We still have another stop before you pounce on me.”
“I do! In fact,” Tony held up one finger before spinning on his heel and walking over to one of his work areas. He made quick work of hanging up the art right above the bench he used the most. “See? Perfect. It was meant to be here.”
Pepper and Morgan pay a visit, Tony and Steve watch Harry Potter, Peter drops by, and an Avengers Family hang-out ends in disaster.
“You’re going to try and properly ask him out,” Nat said and Steve did not dare argue with her given the deadly look on her face. She was putting her foot down.
Things in Tony's life are beginning to fall apart and a certain darkness is beginning to loom over him.
“Speak of the devil!” Pepper exclaimed, winking at Tony before turning to leave. “I’m riding over with Nat and Bucky. I’ll see you two there.”
Steve drifted off into reminiscing back to when the Avengers had first formed and all the volatile ways he and Tony had argued then. Tony had a severe refusal to listen to any orders—not that much had changed in that department—and it had been Steve’s role to give the orders. Each mission Tony bristled and balked at any commands Steve hurled his way. They wasted countless minutes arguing over the validity of Steve’s call and whether or not Tony’s solutions were viable. Now, reflecting back on those times, Steve had the humility to admit that often Tony had found a better solution. But in the heat of the moment he had always been too proud to relinquish control, even if it was a literal genius he had been arguing with.
“Yeah—but you always look nice. Whereas I’m prone to wearing grease stained clothing for several days too long.” Tony reached up and undid Steve’s top button with a smirk. “You’re going to want something warmer and more comfortable.”
“It is a big deal, Tony. It is the best present I have ever been given. It is the most thoughtful—the kindest thing—anyone has ever done for me,” Steve’s voice was a whisper now. But something caught Steve’s attention from the corner of his eye and he looked up. Tony followed his gaze, which was looking above them at the doorframe. Mistletoe.
“And that’s when he turned around and tripped over the waiter, causing the shrimp cocktails to go flying everywhere,” Tony finished his story, grinning, as everyone around the dinner table laughed.
“Man—if I have to hear you compare yourself to Pepper or Tony one more time…you keep going around in circles about how much better they are than you,” Sam snapped. “It’s bullshit.”
“Steve—I hate to break it to you, but I don’t think you see yourself accurately,” Sam finally said. Nat released a loud breath through her nose in agreement.
“It isn’t like that,” he said, doing his best to lie while telling half-truths. “It’s just…Steve and I used to be close…before…”
When he was met with silence, he decided to continue, “I’m sorry. I really am. I let you all down. Hell, I let myself down. And I’m sorry.”
“Well, I don’t know if you realize, but it is not often the two of use have been in environments where you would show off your second language affinity,” Steve teased right back. “So you’re a regular here? I wouldn’t have expected you to wander around Brooklyn often.”
He nodded, body still shaking from the intensity of their contact, and looked Tony in the eyes with what could best be described as love and uneasiness.
Steve swallowed hard. He dropped a plate, so wrapped up in his memories of Tony’s be one-liners, that he clumsily fumbled with the dishes in his hand. The plate shattered on the wood floor and he looked up—horrified.
“Carol, it’s so good to see you again,” Steve said, smiling brightly at her from across the table. She was mid-bite and laughed at Steve’s poor timing.
“Come here,” Steve whispered. Tony leaned forward and Steve delicately grabbed the bottom hem of Tony’s shirt and started to pull it up and over his head. His fingers brushed against Tony’s skin and Tony shivered in response. Once the shirt was off and Tony looked at Steve through half-lidded eyes the weight of their earlier conversation that night sunk back over their shoulders. They sat there, the tension palpable, everything unsaid hanging between them. Steve swallowed.
That had been the first time he and Pepper argued about the space Steve started to take up in his life. Truthfully, from there the fights they had about it had only gotten worse. This was due to the fact that he and Steve slowly started to develop a friendship—yes, they still argued more than any of the other team members—but they bonded, too. The next time Pepper had brought the topic up they screamed and Tony ended up sleeping on the couch in his workshop. He had been too naïve back then to recognize it, but now he was acutely aware that most monogamous heterosexual couples did not argue about the significance of one of the men’s same sex friends in his life. Granted, he was bisexual, but that had never been a topic he and Pepper explicitly discussed. Regardless, she had been jealous of Steve and as Tony sat in his workshop now, he could hardly blame her for having those feelings back then.
“Jesus—fuck Steve! When did you become so sneaky?!” Tony screamed, grabbing his chest and breathing heavily.
They ended up ordering a large spread of items to share—mussels and marinara sauce, stuffed mushrooms, spaghetti, and fried calamari. Tony listened fondly as Steve recounted old stories of running through Brooklyn causing trouble—Bucky bailing him out every time—and the countless women his best friend whisked away from him. Eventually, Steve asked Tony about Jarvis and what he was like—Tony loved telling stories about Jarvis. It always made a warmth bloom in his chest—the one good thing from growing up that he held onto tightly. Before he realized it, they had been there for three hours, talking and sipping on lemonades.
The blood pumping through his veins, his feet against the hard ground, and the air harsh against his face was the only place he found peace these days. It let out all his anxious energy and gave him time alone to think.
But he knew better—he knew Tony deserved a real apology. And if they were to truly mend the wounds they carried a real conversation needed to happen. Tony was in a dark place and Steve wanted to carry him out of it—he wanted to bring him to the light, keep him warm, and protect him from his demons.
“Okay—yeah. Yeah, maybe you’re right. But I don’t care—I’ve been in tabloids for decades. There’s nothing they can say about me that they haven’t said before. I’m worried about Steve—how he’ll feel about what they say—how some people react. Bigotry hasn’t been eradicated yet.”
“I know.” Tony smirked, far too pleased with himself but Peter didn’t seem to mind. God, he loved this kid.
Tony looked up from the project he was working on, pushing his goggles to the top of his head, and smiled brightly. “Let him on in.”
“Tony, who says you can’t have all of it? Almost every parent has to find a way to balance the various aspects of their lives. And it is important to note not every marriage works out and that is okay. Divorce can be a very healthy thing. It is probably better your daughter’s parents are separate and happy, instead of still married, but miserable. She doesn’t need to grow up in an environment like that,” Adam responded. Tony hadn’t seen Adam openly respond to any other participant like this before and he assumed it was because the idea of two unhappy parents raising a child struck a chord with him.
“Kid, it’s fine,” Steve said, clasping his hand on Peter’s shoulder and smiling at him. “You’re only a few minutes late and dinner just got put on the table anyway.”
Tony decided the best thing to do the next morning was go to extreme lengths to avoid everyone in the compound. Thankfully, Friday could serve as his eyes and assist in making sure he did not cross paths with anyone.
but you’re not exactly in a position to cast your friends to the side right now,” Nat said, invoking a far more serious tone.
“I doubt that, Cap. You could give me some cardboard and I would be happy. Which, judging by the shape and size of this, I’m not entirely sure you haven’t given me cardboard,” Tony laughed.
In the moment Steve ignored the butterflies in his stomach at Tony’s invitation. But it became increasingly apparent how head over heels Steve was for him as they huddled close together over the workbench that night. His senses were entirely overwhelmed by Tony—which was not completely new, Tony had a tendency to be overwhelming—but this time it was different.
For the first two hours he hid away, Tony surprised himself by actually getting some work done. He made significant progress on a new ice repulsor design that would freeze targets instead of blasting them. This would prove useful when he needed to neutralize targets but not injure them—it was a design he had been putting off because of where his mind usually went when thinking ice. However, somehow, he managed to focus.
“You’re going to leave. Now. And you will never come near Tony again. You hear me?” Steve whispered, his voice low and deadly. Tony was not sure if he was terrified or turned on.
“Yeah, yeah. I know. And if you meant it, you’d be working on upgrades to my suit instead of Nat’s equipment.”
They turned inward towards one another, continuing on a conversation about S.W.O.R.D. and other inside jokes that Steve was not privy to. He had watched Carol and Tony hang out many times before and it never triggered this current unpleasant feeling in his chest. It felt like there was a hand around his heart and diaphragm—squeezing it tight. He was absolutely nauseous—was this jealousy? And why did it decide to show up now, of all times, after months of seeing Tony happily spend time with Carol?
Steve entered Tony’s shop feeling more apprehensive than usual. He carefully held the now framed sketch behind his back so that Tony did not see it right away.
“No, they most certainly have not come to their senses. But they’re getting there,” she replied, reaching up to hold his head in place against her neck. “I have an idea.”
Well, that was not exactly it—he was overthinking it to the extreme—but his excuse whenever Pepper checked in was that he needed more time. More time being sober. More time between the divorce and actually making a move on Steve.
Tony checked the clock—it was 8P.M.—six hours since he had locked himself away. And just as he was about to dwell on how surprising it was that no one had come to check on him yet, there was a knocking on the door. The blacked out windows prevented him from seeing who was outside, but thankfully Friday chimed in: “Steve is waiting outside, asking to be let in.” Tony’s heartbeat increased significantly at the idea of being alone in a room with Steve, but he had a hard time parsing out if it was giddiness or anxiety. Oh well—he would have to chance it on being the good kind of nervousness.
“Oh? And who, exactly, is lining up to fuck me?” Tony snapped. “I said what I said, Cap. I wanted to get drunk and have sex. Ty texted. It was fate.”
A solid punch from Bucky’s metal arm collided with Steve’s cheek. He stumbled back into the ropes of the training ring, his hand flying up to rub the growing red mark on his face.
And the words Steve had wanted to hear—to hear from Tony—made his heart soar. He could not keep the goofy grin off his face. Tony rolled his eyes.
Steve took the lobby elevator straight up to the top floor—he knew Tiberius was a full-tail diva like Tony, an office on the top floor was the only thing that would suffice. When he reached the floor, his suspicions were confirmed by a secretary parked right out in front two massive wooden doors that said “TIBERIUS STONE” in golden letters. The woman looked up, and the expression on her face let Steve know she recognized him, but that was not going to stop him.
“You killed them, your hands did, but it wasn’t you. I know that—Hydra fucked you up and made you do their dirty work. I know that’s not who you are—not who you ever were—but I’ve let myself take out my grief and confusion and anger on you.”
“So, what’s so interesting it took you away from our big party? One of your little friends spot Barnes somewhere?” he asked with a little too much venom in his voice.
“But really—no grudges. We weren’t dating Tony, we were fucking. We did that dating thing in college and it failed miserably, remember?” Tony’s laugh confirmed that he did. “We were only ever good in bed together—really good at that, if I remember correctly.”
They both sat there silently for a few moments—the air in the room tense and heavy with the implications of this conversation. Tony was vigorously twiddling his thumbs and chewing the inside of his cheek. He almost started to stand up and excuse himself when Bucky broke the awkward silence.
Tony took some shuddering breaths as Steve rubbed his back. He could feel Steve’s touch drawing him out of the panic and grounding him. They sat in companionable silence for the rest of the car ride—Tony’s heart going back to normal the further they got from the city.
The warm tingle of the scotch made its way down to his belly. The familiar comfort of alcohol took a bit of the edge off. Happy’s hand on his shoulder jerked him back into reality.
“Oh god, what did my idiot boyfriend say now?” She asked, following Steve’s lead out of the ring and spraying some water from her bottle onto her face.
Tony sat there, rendered unusually quiet, absorbing what Rhodey had said. Rhodey knew that Tony was genuinely mulling it over, because the man was rarely silent. Finally, Tony spoke up, more timid than usual.
Tony was not new to world-shattering and life ruining events happening out of nowhere. His life had been in the spotlight since childhood—a genius father tends to do that—and then his own genius (and debauchery) kept his name in the headlines. And announcing his identity as Iron Man increased the attention tenfold.
Tony wandered away from Nat to absent mindedly stand near the beverage station. He was grateful that alcohol was not on the menu—which it never would be, his team respected his sobriety far too much for that. There was a crockpot for non-alcoholic warm apple cider, a full blown hot chocolate station with every topping imaginable, and an array of sodas. He poured himself a mug of cider. When he took a sip, he silently grieved the absence of whiskey or bourbon but decided that thought was best kept to himself. He got lost in thought and stood there for god knows how long. A hand on the small of his back and a soft, but concerned, voice snapped him out of it.
“Aw come on Rhodey-bear,” Tony whined, walking over to the workshop couch that was to Rhodey’s immediate right and throwing himself on it. He looked up at his friend with large, brown Bambi eyes and batted his eyelashes. “Did he really care enough to go asking for advice?”
The fear he felt coursing throughout his body was unparalleled to anything he had ever felt before. This was all his fault—Pepper and Morgan wouldn’t be in the Tower if it weren’t for the divorce—which was all his fault, too. In an attempt to make things better he had only put their lives at risk—he should have seen this coming. If it wasn’t going to be Zeke Stane, it could have literally been anyone else. The Avengers Tower was a giant beacon in the middle of New York that practically begged for attention—and usually not the good kind.
She dropped her hand away from his mouth now that he was attentively listening and not interrupting for once. Pepper turned more towards him and took his hands in hers.
“I paid him a visit. He won’t be bothering you again,” Steve replied, his voice stern this time and a hardness in his eyes that was not there before.
“Oh god, Rhodey, instincts? Any time I am around Captain Handsome all of my past flirting and dating experience just evaporates—don’t give me that look, you know that’s his contact name in my phone. God—okay, you’re right. Yeah, sure. Instincts.”
“Well, it’s not nearly as interesting as whatever you’re working on,” Steve chuckled. “I don’t create things that save people’s lives.”
Bucky’s tough love had felt right in the moment, but now as Steve sat next to Tony, their arms pressed against each other, and Tony rattling off facts about Harry Potter—yeah, Bucky had been wrong. He knew Buck was trying to look out for him—which was fair, who wanted to see their best friend helplessly pine after unrequited love? But sitting here, pining or not, Steve was overwhelmed with a genuine joy he had not felt in years.
Steve’s hands were splayed out on his hips, steady and gripping tightly. A shiver ran down Tony’s spine and straight to his groin as he suddenly became aware of how prominent his arousal was. Tony was never one to blush in the face of debauchery—but this was Steve, this was very much so different—and when they broke their kiss for air, Tony felt his face redden under Steve’s gaze. But Steve’s pupils were blown wide, his lips swollen—the look on his face was anything but innocent.
“I got a reading on Tiberius instantly. He’s a user. A social climber. And everything he does is for his own best interest only. He might be a sociopath. I warned Tony to stay away from him, but you can imagine he did not take too kindly to that. Especially coming from his new secretary who had never had a real conversation with Tiberius before. And given that Tiberius had been his friend for over thirty years…anyway. Once Pepper kissed him, he kicked Tiberius to the curb. I was overjoyed and hoped I would never have to see his slimy face again. Clearly, that was foolish of me.”
Towards the end of Morgan’s day with Tony, she was passed out asleep in Steve’s lap, as they all sat on the family room sectional couch. Tony was sipping on a glass of iced tea, staring at Steve and his young daughter a few feet away on the couch, smiling smugly.
And Tony had to hide here, in the secret workshop, because Friday was a frequent traitor and often let Steve into his normal workshop even when he told his A.I. not to let anyone in. He did not remember programming her to be so conniving. Why did he always end up with A.I. that didn’t listen and acted so much like him? Something about subconsciously programming them so he could have arguments with himself—maybe.
A man who caught a glimpse of the kiss came at Tony—raising his fist and his voice—throwing homophobic slurs their way. Steve caught his hand with ease, twisting his arm around until the man was squealing in pain.
“Oh come on, you? Not doing something interesting? I highly doubt that—especially with how talented you are with a pencil,” Tony replied, plopping down on the sofa next to him. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes as he breathed out a long sigh.
“Morgan!” He crouched down and caught her in his arms, giving her the biggest hug. “It is so good to see you!”
Thank you all for reading! I promise this is angst with a happy ending. It is not going to be an easy ride, but the rewards are worth it, I swear. :) Please comment and share, it means the world to me!
A devilish smirk spread across Bucky’s face. He was fully aware of what he was doing. Truth be told he had been plotting with Nat about all the ways they could organically help Steve and Tony recognize how much they cared about each other. They had agreed that they could not force it into conversation, because the goal was not to push them before they were ready. However, he was not able to resist now—Tony had come to him after all and Tony was the one who brought up Steve and his own jealousy issues. This was too easy.
“I know,” Tony groaned. “That was also a poor choice. He’s not invited back over for any more sleepovers.”
Tony was grateful that Happy had found him an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting that was meant for higher profile public figures. The last thing he needed was the ugly details of his life’s current status to get leaked out for mass consumption.
“So, you’ve finally started to come around on your crush on Rogers, huh?” Rhodey said, breaking the silence and doing exactly what Tony hoped he wouldn’t.
Ever since they grabbed ice cream together the olive branch was officially extended. They still argued endlessly during team meetings, but unlike before, it did not follow them outside the conference rooms. In fact, the second they walked out of a meeting the two of them were usually making one another laugh hysterically.
“Oh, so you’re stressing about how to get a gift that perfectly expresses your undying love that you’ve kept to yourself for over ten years?” Rhodey teased. Tony could feel the smug smirk on his face through the phone.
“Oh! Is it a movie night?” Sam asked, throwing himself into one of the recliners before he got an answer.
He looked ahead—the Avengers Tower was in sight—and it didn’t look pretty. The ground below was littered with silver robots that were clearly built to deal damage but could not withstand any.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice rang out over the comms. He sounded like his usual Captain America self—calm, but incredibly serious, with a hint of worry that most people could never detect. But Tony knew Steve better than that by now. He could hear it.
“Don’t be stupid, Steve,” Tony laughed as they rounded the corner, nearing his room. “It was not that much trouble at all. I paid some people to do some things and they delivered. No big deal.”
“It only takes a couple weeks of being around you idiots to figure out where your minds go,” she teased. “From there I’m pretty much repeating myself every time the same old thing happens. Now get up and go to bed. It’s my turn.”
Morgan was over for the weekend and Peter had dropped by to see her and Tony, too. The three of them were wreaking havoc outside in the play area Tony had built for her—complete with a swing set, slide, and plenty of room to run around.
“Can I kiss you?” Steve asked. And Tony frowned deeper, wondering why Steve would ask in a time like this, but then he vividly remembered how he ran away last time and nodded.
Steve, Nat, and Sam were noticeably absent for years after the Accords ordeal. And tonight was also the debut of Bucky’s membership with the Avengers.
“Tony…she uh, she told Bruce—she told us that she moved out with Morgan. And that you guys have filed for a divorce. That sounds like a big deal,” Steve’s voice was soft, but stern at the same time. He was trying to simultaneously convey his concern and the gravity of the situation.
The first time he and Pepper started fighting consistently was after he got back from fighting Steve and Bucky in the Hydra base. It had felt like his heart had been broken.
Steve nodded, so Tony continued. “You put lube on your fingers and start, slowly, one by one inserting and moving to work me open, yeah?”
They got inside Tony’s room, locking the door behind them, and just as Tony was about to say something Steve’s lips brushed up against his—sweet and gentle. When he parted his lips, Steve’s warm breath filled his mouth and he deepened their kiss. One of Steve’s hands curved around the back of Tony’s neck and the other rested tenderly on his cheek, holding him carefully in place as the kiss continued.
They all gathered around the Christmas tree next to the couch—Bruce in his special Hulk-sized chair, Thor on the end of the couch, Tony nestled in the corner of the couch, with Nat on his other side, Bucky next to her, then Sam, Scott, and Steve on the other end. Thor clapped his hands together enthusiastically.
And Steve was also clear evidence of that. Tony had loved him since childhood—hearing heroic tales of Captain America from Howard. He hated him too, yes, because Howard clearly wanted Captain America around and could give zero shits about his own, actual, son. And then he met Steve—way back in 2012, god had it been that long?—and that hate disappeared.
“No—god, I’ll go first,” Tony stuttered. He felt flustered from all the eyes now staring expectantly at him and Steve. And Christ—it did feel like a cheesy rom-com plot that they had drawn each other’s names. He was not entirely convinced that Nat didn’t somehow set it up for this to happen. There was no way to know how she could have managed such a thing, but if any could, it would be her. His cheeks felt like they were on fire as he handed Steve his present—he felt uncharacteristically sheepish as he sat back down in his cozy couch nook.
Impressing Tony, especially on their first real date, meant a lot to him. This was a date a decade in the making—it had to go well. From the sound of it, Tony was going to be taking the lead on the planning for the evening. And even though Steve enjoyed planning—he was the tactician of the team, after all—it was a relief to have Tony in charge of it. One less thing to worry about.
“I knew it!” Peter said, playful and accusing. “You’ve been using me for my awesome Morgan entertainment abilities!”
And when Bucky asked Steve the same questions—why he had not made a move yet—Steve’s answers were the same. Tony needed more time settling into sobriety. Tony needed more time between recently getting divorced and going out on a date with someone new.
But no, even still, this one was way worse. Begrudgingly, Tony knew that likely had something to do with his age. And he remembered reading something about sobriety lessening the system’s ability to handle alcohol intake after a while or some bullshit.
“Right—yeah, sorry. I just—Pepper, I feel bad about something, okay? And I’m afraid to even talk about it with you, but you’re the one I need to talk to about it,” Tony whined.
Steve knew their half-hearted apology before the Time Heist was not sufficient. He had lived for years carrying the weight of his regret for what transpired between them. What apology could ever suffice for the unforgivable act of slamming his shield into Tony’s chest?
“Tony, I,” Bucky started, sitting up straight and actually looking sympathetic for the man sitting across from him.
“Tony,” Nat jumped in, her tone gentle and nonjudgmental. “What happened? You were doing really well.”
The raid on Strucker’s base, and the horrific vision Tony saw while there, was still painfully fresh in his mind. Not even an Avengers Tower full of party guests, alcohol, and pulsing music could distract Tony from the horrors he saw—the death of all those dearest to him, because he couldn’t save them.
“Thanks Buck,” Steve replied, resigning himself to not arguing further. Even though he was not convinced, he knew it was a futile effort with Bucky. “I appreciate the perspective.”
His shield successfully took the brunt of Stane’s blast, but before he had managed to get all the way to Tony a portion of it hit him firmly in the side. The rest of the blast reflected off the shield and obliterated what was left of the corner wall.
Before Tiberius could react, Steve had crossed the room and his right fist landed smack in the middle of his face. When he pulled his hand back, Tiberius’ nose was pouring blood and he was screaming.
“You’re not only the most capable leader I have ever met—you’re a talented artist, a kind heart, and a sarcastic asshole with a hilarious sense of humor—another thing I know about,” Tony continued. As he rambled on he stepped closer and closer to Steve. “But you look in the mirror and see none of that. And you know what Steve? It sort of breaks my heart. It breaks my heart that the best person on this planet doesn’t get it.”
“Tony—this is amazing. You didn’t have to do this,” Steve said. “All these decorations must have cost a lot of money. The outside ones aren’t cheap.”
Tony retreated away from Steve and the drink station, wandering over to the living room where everyone else had arrived and gathered. Thor’s booming laughter filled the air as he talked to Bruce. Scott was excitedly telling a story to Nat, Bucky, and Sam in the other corner. And despite his heart still racing from the tension between him and Steve seconds earlier, the sight of his Avengers family together for Christmas made warmth explode through his chest. It had been a very long time since he felt this at peace—this full of genuine joy.
“And you know what else, Stone? I think you’re jealous—you’re pissed that Tony has grown to be better than you could ever hope to be. Tony’s a million times the person you are and it makes you furious, because you know you can’t drag him down to your level anymore. Tony’s the best goddamn man in this universe and it infuriates you, because you know you’re one of the worst.”
It had been a little over a month since they successfully pulled of the Time Heist, as Scott had named it.
“If you’ve got something to say, you can share it with the rest of the class,” Tony said, snarky as ever, despite his brutal hangover.
Steve looked wounded, but he stood up and obliged Tony’s request. “Okay, but if you need anything, Tony…anything, I’m here, okay?”
“Excuse me, but Tony has better things to do with his evening and actually has something important to attend to. I’m sure Ms. Potts would be happy to receive your donation checks,” Steve said. He placed his hand firmly on the small of Tony’s back and smiled down at him. “Ready?”
Tony knew, logically, that alcohol dependency was complex and that each individual turned to it for their own reasons. It was disease and not something he faulted any of the participants for—but some of them were awfully pretentious in the way they talked about their lives. And that’s where he found problems with them.
Steve let go of him, throwing him forward with such force he fell flat on his face. The man scrambled to his feet and gave a meager attempt at leaving the room with dignity. But Steve could not care less—his attention was turned fully on Tony now.
“What are you drawing?” Tony’s voice startled Steve out of his zone and he immediately snapped the sketchbook shut to hide his work in progress of Tony welding.
Tony pouted, sticking his bottom lip out and crossing his arms over his chest. Suddenly, he felt like a teenager getting into MIT two years early and having Rhodey stick up for him again. Eventually, he relented.
“Well, Spaceface, with you at the helm of helping it get started, I don’t doubt that it is going to be a massive success,” Tony said, throwing an arm around Carol’s shoulders and grinning at her. She rolled her eyes, pretending that he was some sort of annoying burden, but her love for him was clear.
“When you say S.I., you mean Pepper. Of course—she sees all of us there together as a big money grab opportunity,” Tony sighed, hiding his face in his hands. “Well, at least you all being there will make it more bearable.”
“What should I wear tonight?” Steve was grateful Tony could not see the red blush of embarrassment on his face.
After a quick cleaning up, Tony tucked himself into Steve’s arms and they laid there—content and safe. Steve moves to look down at Tony, who responds by giving him a short kiss and smiling up at him.
The gala was on the rooftop of the Stark Industries tower—just as extravagant as every other year. Countless benefactors and potential investors with pockets so deep Mary Poppins would be jealous were in attendance. This was the first year the gala was back after everything that happened with Thanos, the Time Heist.
The majority of the team had caught on to his feelings for Tony. Thankfully, most of them thought it was a passing crush. It was something that would fade over time and as a result, besides teasing him whenever Tony was not around, no one pushed him too hard over it. To the best of his observation skills, he was pretty certain only Bucky and Nat knew the truth. And despite never having uttered a word about his feelings, somehow two of his closest friends had figured him out—well, actually, that was exactly how they’d figured him out. It was obvious how she knew. And Bucky, he guessed, knew him better than anyone. There was no hiding something from him, no matter how hard he tried. And damn it, he really tried.
He buried his face in his hands—unable to escape the things that Bucky’s words had stirred inside of him. Hearing the way Steve spoke about him when he was not around fueled a fire that had been burning bright in his chest for a long time now.
He unraveled himself from Steve’s body, who willingly let him go, because the bastard was too damn respectable to try and get him to stay. Tony briefly wondered what he would have done if Steve had protested, even a bit. He knew himself well enough to know he would not have the resolve to turn Steve down if he had asked for more. God—who could turn down a literal Adonis with those flushed and red lips that were, literally, begging to be kissed more? Tony was not that strong.
“Oh my god Mr. Stark, I can’t believe that happened,” Peter said through tears, he was laughing so hard.
Tony looked into his eyes—his blue eyes that sucked him in and made him feel like he was drowning—and he knew he was a goner.
“That was an amazing story, Tony,” Scott added in, looking as enamored as ever, as if he still did not believe he belonged at this table with all his heroes.
“Sorry—it wasn’t really Mr. Stark’s fault we were late. It was mine and then we hit traffic on the way here and—“
Nat stepped into the bedroom, toweling off her wet hair, fresh from the shower, and letting out a loud groan. Bucky looked up from his side of the bed, where he was sitting reading Dune by Frank Herbert, all cozied up for the night.
“Good. Getting the Peak up and running and fully operational is just time intensive,” she explained. “And getting various other planets, races, and beings on board with the program is strenuous, but most people are seeing the benefit.”
He helped turn Tony around and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, steering him down the hall and back into his room. Tony trembled under Steve’s touch. He was seconds away from coming apart at the seams—the images of his nightmare still haunting him in his waking moments. But Steve’s soothing voice, his gentle touch, his constant reassurances as they walked back to his room—slowly he became grounded again. This was real. This was reality. The atrocities of his nightmare were just that—a nightmare. Not real. This was real. Steve was alive. Steve was okay. Steve was here.
“Alright fine—you’re no fun,” Tony replied, as the waiter walked away after taking their orders. “You never let me just relax. You always make me spill my guts right away.”
“Man I hate to break it to you,” Bucky interrupted. “But Nat and I let each other down at least once a week, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t worth it.”
“I could really use a drink,” he snapped back, bristling. That at least garnered a chuckle from a few others in the room. Adam, not so much.
“Alright, that’s enough lude stories in front of the children,” Nat said, smirking, and nodding towards Peter and Scott. This only caused Tony to start chuckling.
Bucky was already at his side, helping him clean up the scattered pieces. While they were kneeling on the floor together, Bucky reached out for Steve’s arm and steadied him. The concern was clear on his face.
“We deserve to celebrate each other—and together,” Sam announced, cutting in and breaking up the potential argument brewing between Scott and Tony. “We have never really celebrated the Time Heist and the aftermath of everything good that happened. We’ve earned this for once.”
“I—I don’t know. He left the room a bit ago to take Friday offline. And since then I haven’t had eyes on the building. Without Friday I’ve been cowering in here blind,” Pepper sobbed, the stress of the moment finally reaching her.
Tony started chattering on about the characters and the world they lived in, helping Steve get up to speed, and looking the most excited Steve had seen him in a long time. The affection he felt towards Tony started blossoming inside his chest again and he was reminded why Bucky had convinced him to go on a date with Sharon. After four days in a row of Steve camping out next to Tony’s hospital bed Bucky practically dragged him away and told him to get himself together.
“Thanks Cap, I knew I could count on you to be my knight in shining armor,” he joked. “But you didn’t have to do that. I can clean up my own messes.”
It was three in the morning and Tony still could not sleep. He had fallen asleep for less than an hour and had woken up in a cold sweat—plagued by nightmares of his marital failures and Pepper accusing him of being his father.
“My mother was a coward and an opportunist. She married Howard for the money and was shit at raising a kid. I think I could have ended up liking her because we started to get along when I became an adult, but I can’t know for sure. Because she died when I was twenty-one,” Tony snapped, glancing over at Bucky with fire burning in his eyes.
“Nothing!” Steve shouted, his voice going a few pitches higher than normal, which earned a snort from Bucky and Rhodey.
The instant Steve set him down on his bed Tony found himself longing for that scent to fill his lungs again. He was longing for a lot of things in this moment—namely Steve’s touch and discovering what his plush pink lips felt like—
Hence his silence at every meeting—he was busy grappling with the reality of his illness. But the night of his third meeting, he got called out, and couldn’t run away.
It was gentler than Steve expected from Tony—given all the rumors he had heard about him in the realm of life. The softness of his touch and his lips made every nerve ending tingle.
“God—come in,” Nat sighed, opening the door, now wrapped in a robe. “I’m leaving. You can have your friend for the night.”
Rhodey laughed at him. “It’s Tony—did you expect him to be on time? Because if you did, you haven’t been paying attention.” This earned a laugh from Nat and Peter, but Bucky just frowned.
Nat looked up from the book she was reading when she heard Tony plop down in the chair across from her. She could instantaneously tell that he was sober, but hungover. Patiently, she closed her book and looked at him—her expression soft and waiting for him to start. It was clear he was there to say something.
It wasn’t until Friday came over the intercom in Steve’s bathroom warning him about the steam and temperature levels that he realized. Just as he stepped back into his bedroom and pulled on pajama shorts, he heard a knock at the door.
“It’s gonna be okay, Tones. Just—one day at a time, okay?” Rhodey reached out and patted his friend’s hand. “One day at a time. You’ll figure it out. You always do.”
Pepper and Morgan had moved into the penthouse a couple weeks ago to be given some space during the divorce. And so that it would be easier for Pepper to balance work and Morgan, without a long commute getting in the way. It had seemed like the perfect solution at the time.
“Nope, I am not indulging you. You are being punished for hiding away and letting yourself spiral instead of being an adult and talking to your best friend about it,” Rhodey snipped.
“Oh, what? You thought your little game was going to draw Tony in? Bring him here so you could have another chance to seduce him in person?” Steve growled. “Yeah-fucking-right. He said he was done with you—he meant it. “
Tony relaxed against the pillows and frowned up at her. Why would Steve have stayed by his side all that time? Tony prided himself on being able to figure things out that no one else could, being able to see things that other people overlooked, and getting to the answer lightyears ahead of everyone else. But the way Natasha looked at him, half amused and half like he was an idiot, told him that he was missing a large piece of information that she was privy to.
“Maybe instead of focusing on what went wrong, try and think about how he’s still here? And he’s going to be more than okay. Dr. Cho’s regeneration technology with Bruce at the helm will have him back to tip-top shape way sooner than he deserves for that reckless stunt.”
“Let’s go to my bedroom,” Tony responded, his own tone going serious. He looked up at Steve’s hypnotic blue eyes with certainty.
