“So... “ she asked. “Did you see Alicia’s statue? She’s really curious about what they did for January. Father Time? Baby New Year? Or did they just give up and put up a billboard about Stark’s pining?”
So. You think I’m going to fuck you. I’m just going to… hold you down and have my way with you, and for once in his fucking life, Steve Rogers, old Stars and Stripes, is going to be the pillow queen and take whatever I give him.
on it while I get myself off and come all over that pretty face, those pretty tits of yours… ah!” And Tony was coming, hot drops streaking across Steve’s face and chest.
Part of him, the tactician that never shut up, sketched out possibilities the way a batter worked calculus to hit a fastball and told him
4:  To-scale, rhythmically-purring stuffed animals draped over his shoulders, over and under his arms, climbing his back and legs, over his feet, and perched upon his head. Most of those, we ended up distributing to local foster families, but Hulk liked the gray one with the purple collar and Thor insisted that the biggest one made a perfect bolster pillow. He was right, too: we still fight about who gets to use it when we get together for movie night.
it." Her eyes were wide and pleading. She dropped his hands. "Sorry. You can stomp off in a huff or yell at me or hit me or whatever, now. I know you're too good for me. But you need to tell me. I need you to tell me."
Tony rolled his eyes. “I’m texting your phone. Ugh, and buying you a new phone, how old is that dinosaur? Please tell me it isn’t registered to vote, it probably has terrible opinions about libertarianism.” His eyes unfocused briefly. “Oh… oh.” He looked up at Steve. “I’m going to try something. Don’t freak out.” He slid his hand around Steve’s forearm, then stroked his fingers down to trace Steve’s palm and fingertips, his eyes never leaving Steve’s.
Steve’s arms tightened around him. “Command, this is Rogers. My instincts say we’re going to need at least a couple more hours, just to be on the safe side. Besides, we have a game to finish. Maintain radio and video silence until my mark.”
. That's it. You're mine, and I'm yours, and that's it. No retreat, no surrender, no walking it back or putting anything but each other first. No sacrificing ourselves to save the planet, no fighting over registration acts or cabana boys..."
about him. Your skin will crawl the whole time you’re talking to him. That twinkle is all airbrush. It boggles my mind that Norrin is the only other person who’s on board with figuring out whether he’s a minion of an Elder God.
Tony popped his visor and lifted an eyebrow. Steve shrugged. “‘Probably not cursed,’ she says. Okay, I’ll monitor our vital signs and pass them on to you. Keep me in the loop,” said Tony to the intercom, then turned to Steve. “Rack ‘em up. Where were we?”
!” wobbled Wanda. (Mama Carbonell’s eggnog was apparently even more deceptively-strong than usual this year.) She flicked a bead of red energy at the statue, which flew around to light up the statue’s lower back.
“Vance.” That was her ‘I love you, or else I would…’ voice. “I think putting a replica of the armor on the statue now is…”
“Oh, come on, think of the fun when you come stumbling out of each others’ rooms for a four a.m. Assemble and thinking you’ve fooled everyone but you’re both wearing the wrong yellow bodysuit. Cin-der-el-la, dressed in yell-a...”
“I love you, too,” and something in Steve’s chest eased. He hadn’t even realized he’d been asking a question. “Now, let’s get you cleaned up. I’m going to put the suits in self-cleaning mode, but next time--- will there be a next time?” Steve nodded an emphatic, shy affirmative against Tony’s chest, “--- next time, I think I’ll make you clean them off with your tongue.  Whoa, you’re interested in that, huh? And attachments, definitely attachments…”
“Remember the art auction before this nonsense with the Surfer began?” Wanda nodded. Simon continued, “Stark bought a thirty-foot statue of Captain America. As one does. Apparently. It’s being delivered tomorrow.”
Steve decided. It would probably get this phase over with, whatever it was, if he went along with the program.
He breathed, focusing, rolling his neck, pushing down his anger and fear, looking around, thinking what he’d do to a bad pet. He gathered up the barest few necessities, made some quick preparations, and made his way to his pet, waiting outside Tony’s bedroom door.
because we’ll all be fighting evil on Algol or wherever. But anyway. Lockheed’s helping out by gathering images for a Thanksgiving Day tableau. They’re planning on dressing Steve up like a Puritan and surrounding him with holograms of all our First Peoples friends looking at him suspiciously – don’t look at me like that! We were going to ask for your permission to use the images, but your natural glower is so much more – oh, yes, that’s perfect!”
Finally, Halloween was here. Tony had insisted we do a great reveal of the ballroom, before the party guests come around. This had better be good and not any kind of last, desperate measure. Or Angel was never going to talk to me again.
Tony snorted as if in disbelief. The snort turned into giggles, which turned to helpless laughter, “What?” Steve demanded.
“I.. oh. It’s nothing I can’t live without.” Later, he’ll feel guilty over the waste, but this was not the time.
, just exactly as he always knew it would be. He had to do something to keep from laughing, or crying, and eye contact would break him. He bent to take a nipple in his mouth, sucking at it and worrying it erect, outlining the shape of Tony’s cock against his pants, grazing it through the fabric with his fingernails. “Fuck,” Tony hissed, pulling Steve up to kiss him again, fucking his mouth with his tongue as Steve sucked eagerly at it. Tony’s erection ground against his as calloused hands slid into his pants. Steve cupped Tony’s ass, grinding, then easily hitched him up, Tony’s legs automatically locking around Steve's own. Tony’s head tilted back in startled, joyous, rusty laughter, and that almost tore Steve in two, part of him saying, I can’t do this, and part of him crying out with relief and the need that fed on it. The tactical part of Steve’s brain stepped in, telling him to lean in to Tony’s ear and whisper, “Bite me.”
For a second, Steve can’t breathe. That’s it? All they had to do was… stop? Get where they wanted, needed to go, and work backwards? Why not? He thought several happy blasphemies. Jess was right.
The pain was shattering as the suit pushed the toy into him. It was lubed up, but not enough, too fast, and it was all Steve could do not to roar and fight free. Instead, he breathed into the pain, which was already turning into molten pleasure. The suit pistoned the toy into him, and he shook with the intensity, the exposure, the submission, the wracking pain/ pleasure of it. :”Tony… baby... not… much… longer.”
“I mean--- well, I think it wants…” Tony drew his hands away to start undoing the hidden catches on Steve’s uniform, kissing and licking the skin as it became exposed, indicating mild surprise at the sensitivity of Steve’s pebbled nipples. He kissed his way down Steve’s abdomen, murmuring at the perfection of his muscles, nipping at his hipbones, inhaling the faint musk as Steve’s cock sprang free. He looked up at Steve, a smouldering question in his eyes. Steve could only swallow and nod. Tony lipped and licked and tasted every inch of Steve’s skin as Steve shuddered and cried, “Oh, God, Tony, your
“Did you not hear me, or did the latest patch delete a critical subroutine? I want you to take off that awful shirt, and I want you to unbuckle your belt, undo your pants, and bend over that table.”
Friday’s amazing. I swear, I’ve seen her use the “zoom, enhance, change angle” feature until we got a good look at the bald spot at the back of the photographer’s head. However, there’s a level of snark that I am just not prepared to deal with on Tuesdays, and a catty, bratty AI who thinks she should answer only to her maker is about 93 stories above that level, so I walked a plate of vegan lemon bars to the reference desk at the Watson Library. One day, a supervillain will find out about reference librarians and that will be it, the End of Everything.
Tony would never have been able to sneak up on Steve on the best of days, but the gadget they’d given him to cloak him generated a sort of white-noise hum that masked even the vibration of footsteps through Steve’s boots. By the time he saw movement in the mirror in front of him, he’d been made. He forced himself to keep his muscles loose as he lifted his hands. He knew what would happen if he attacked Ton---
As he worked, he talked. “You are a dirty boy, aren’t you? Got yourself in a real mess, didn’t you, pet? You need me around to keep you out of trouble, don’t you, boy? How are we going to make it up to Clint? Should I let him use your pretty little mouth? Let him mount you like the animal you are?” He pinched Tony’s nipples and rubbed along his belly. “Hmm… not as finished as you thought you were, are you?” Steve’s hands glided along Tony’s growing erection, up his cock, fondling his balls, soaping up his crack, feeling his asshole pulse and pucker. He brought the sprayer around to rinse Tony clean. Tony whimpered and tried to press against him, fuck himself onto Steve’s wet cock. “No, no, pet, I’ll never use you like that again. I promised. It’s not right. You can’t understand.” Steve almost crooned the well-worn words, the mocking falseness ringing with a deeper, sinful promise, his blood rushing in his ears as he surveyed Tony’s glistening body.
secret to  a great metahuman holiday party was making sure you turned on the psychic dampeners well in advance so the telepaths could drop their walls without getting contact drunk (or contact horny, or contact angsty or TMI) from their fellow revellers.
"Hey, Cap, don't you have a briefing to finish up? You can fill me in later, I've got some important business to attend to elsewhere." Tony's smiling like a shark, dead-eyed, projecting "don't come any closer" at Steve like a searchlight.
“Shh, shh,” Tony said, helping him up to cuddle him soothingly. “You did fine. You were beautiful. I’ve never seen anything hotter in my life. You think I’m going to complain? Because you couldn’t keep yourself from coming?” Steve shook his head and let himself be drawn in the shelter of Tony’s cool, muscular arms, burrowing his face into his lover’s chest. Words were slowly coming back to him. “I love you,” he said.
And then, the attack. Because you can’t have a cocktail party with our crowd without someone threatening the very fabric of spacetime, can you? It’d be like a party without tiny bagel dogs.
Their intel had said the lab would be empty and Stark--- he would not think of him as “Tony,” that way madness lay--- would be on the ground in D.C.
And I got another peck on the cheek. This time from Captain America. Not the 20-foot version. “Thank you,” he said. I made eye contact with Tony, who was furrowing his brow, as if calculating how to kick my ass to the West Coast. Then with Angel who looked as confused as I felt. I think I was blushing.
"He.... didn't want a foot rub. On your left!" Steve yelped. His Nomad-clad counterpart dodged the--- ninja robot, really?--- and took it down handily.
Well, now that I think about it, we would if the Iron Man suit had a cape. Thank heaven for small mercies and large paperweights.
Tony and I didn’t usually make a lot of eye contact back then, for whatever reason, but somehow that twinkle just caught me, you know? I grinned back. “Why, Wanda, that sounds like a challenge.”
You don’t need a multiverse to split into many selves in response to infinite possibilities, not with Tony Stark’s mouth (finally, finally) on yours. Part of Steve snarled in outrage---
I was talking about lunch with the latest superheroine to be spit back out of Death’s revolving door when Tony smirked at me.
“Tomorrow is National Coming Out Day. In the right hand, we have the pansexual flag.” Angel rolled her eyes but gave me a peck on the cheek. Bingo! “The rainbow flag is of course the cape.” I couldn’t get all the flags onto the statue itself, so the cape had to represent multiple. Additionally, I got some more paints from Hank so that the trans and the asexual flag were painted haphazardly across both sides of Statue-Cap’s torso, graffiti-style. Go me!
Tony sighed. “Yeah, I know. In theory, we can wait it out, but that is probably going to take a while. A good long while that we don’t have.”
“Steve!” he continued in a voice sloshing with… well, let’s call it good cheer and bonhomie. “I confess, I’d no idea what to get you… it seems that you are massively content with your possessions, needing not one jot more than what you have. But I see you are lacking… information. Wonderful stuff, knowledge. Useful stuff. You don’t even need to dust it.
"I've never been more ready, and I've never been more sure and I'm fucking terrified but you're here with me and that's everything I've ever wanted." She inhaled. "Ready?"
“Sure, Tony!” Steve dropped out of his little barbershop quartet and grabbed my elbow. “So where’s that dip you were raving about?” Without moving his lips and pitched to reach my ears only, he murmured, “What’s up?”
He stepped forward, enfolding Tony in his arms. Finally. “God, I’ve missed you so much, Tony.” They rocked together. Tears prickled at his eyes.
The gauntlets were smooth and felt cool, metallic. They roamed his body, shamelessly touching, stroking, slick against his thighs, cupping his balls. Touching him. Memorizing him.
I don’t know where it comes from. I know it’s not the Academy, because they would never teach any tactics so simplistic and predictable. Maybe it’s from my time with Bobby and Peter. Maybe it’s something Dad said. For decades, however it started, I’ve gone with, “Warn them once, warn them twice, and if they don’t back down, hit ‘em where it
"Shut up, Winghead,"  she--- he?--- said, running her (fine, whatever, her, for now) fingers through her hair and gathering his hands in hers. "Look. This is a dream. This is the only way I can have you, God knows, because you're perfect and you never bend the teeniest bit and that means you're so straight you make lasers look wiggly but God help me, I'm going to take you any way I can get you, if it doesn't mean losing you, but you're my best friend and I love you and I can't coerce you even when there are zero consequences, so if I'm going to have to let that," and she looked down at the still-glistening erection that had, humiliatingly, not gone down a millimeter since she'd called him by his name, "go to waste, let me know now and go away so I can get myself off again before the real you wakes me up and tells me that the Inhumans have got themselves stuck in a bathtub again and this is somehow putting the universe in peril so only we can save it but if you're going to fuck me by God let's
I couldn’t make out yet who it was I could hear talking down the hall, but I figured I’d better scoot before they got in there.
Tony smirked like a cat who’d gotten tickets to the canary convention. He clapped twice.“Hey, everybody! Nap time for all the good little bots.”
"No names, ma'am. Unless," he whispered conspiratorially, his breath coming back against his lips, "you prefer... bitch? Slut?" The shiver against him and the sudden increase in slickness made him pray that this was a recurring dream. He slid his left hand under her to play with her other breast.
Tony grinned. “I knew you’d see it my way. Now, enjoy the view, I’m turning around, I’m puttering, I’m puttering...” He began to whistle in what he probably thought was an aimless and innocent manner, something in G major.
Tony's calling for his ride, and for once in his life, Steve is glad for the parking problem in Greenwich Village and Strange's refusal to put a landing pad on the building. He has three minutes. Maybe.
Firestar drew up her eyebrows. “But when I found out that Alicia Masters works solely by touch, I was surprised by the… package?”
“Why, Steven Grant Rogers, I do believe this isn’t your first rodeo. Who knew?” Steve grinned, then his brow furrowed with concentration as he snaked his hand through Tony’s thighs to slide between his cheeks and rest two fingertips against the pucker of Tony’s asshole, rubbing gently and watching Tony’s face intently. Tony inhaled. “Yes. That’s… what it wants.”
“Yeah. I like it. Getting there sucked, but it’s pretty much all advantages over the external stuff.”
It wasn’t my most inspired effort (that was a Hindu holiday in August, but stupid mafia was doing Their Thing), but even the hickiest rubes from the ass end of Cooter Lake knew what a dreidel is, and our Jewish friends seemed to love it.
Steve chose this very moment to wander in, stepping neatly on my retort. His jaw dropped. He shut it resolutely, then said, “I guess I should be glad you didn’t go with a Maypole,” turned on his heel, and strode from the room.
“That we understand what he is doing, but we would like him to stop for his own good. The Captain would have made his reciprocating feelings known by now, as Tony’s behavior does not leave any room for interpretation according to you, Angelica, Janet, Hank, Clint, Dr. McCoy–”
Joke was on Stark, though, because if it hadn’t been for that, we might never have known just how often he opened the ballroom door to gaze upon that majestic monolith.
You can back off any time now. My love life is complicated enough as it is, thank you oh-so-much.” But he just kept grinning.
"Oh... oh, God, please..." he gasped, grabbing at her hips, stilling her, "If you keep doing that, I'm not going to last, and I think I need to taste you..."
“You can take it, huh?” asked Tony. The suit caught a second, smaller object. Steve locked his gaze on its camera ports.
So, we were letting it run its course. Maybe I should have let Vision have his way. As enchanted Tony looks around the statue, when Steve is around, he gets equally wistful.
He barely had an instant before Tony pulled back, lazily aligning his mouth centimeters from Steve’s own, and Tony cocked an eyebrow. “I’m too tired to use a footrub tonight, Threepeo. Let’s just…” and Tony’s mouth covered his, devouring.
And that was the problem with him and Tony. When they connected, it was like being one mind in two bodies, fighting, planning, reconnoitering… but sometimes, Tony (Stark, he reminded his rebellious mind) put up this wall of words, and… he’d go over them and make sense of them later, thank God for a eidetic memory and Starkipedia, but… yeah. No later here.
“You know it isn’t.” Yes, I knew. But that meant I had fucked something up with the flag. Vance Astrovik, the man who finally broke Tony Stark.
“Oh! Oh, yes. It definitely wants that. But… there are other ways to effect-- ah, God, yes, it wants that  so bad!--- skin-to-mucous-membrane contact?"
,” Steve said with feeling, pulling himself to his feet and jerking Tony up to all fours by the collar. He grabbed the end of the short leash and led him to the bathroom, making a detour to pass the Christmas tree and snag something from its branches. He brought Tony to the sink.
“Steve…” Tony began. He blew out a breath. “This isn’t easy to say, at least in part because it’s so ridiculous. The gas we were exposed to… the way our bodies are responding… it was apparently a potent aphrodisiac.” He took another deep breath. “They’re saying the only way to get through this within any reasonable timeframe is to… well. To take care of business. Work it off, so to speak. So. Um.” He closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose with his left hand, his right hand still trapped in Steve’s, but, for all the enhancements he’d been bragging about, suddenly numb and unresponsive.
She was... beautiful. Dark hair, that he knew already, but piercing, ice-blue eyes, dark with arousal, and a bone structure that would have made his artist's fingers twitch for charcoal even if they'd met in a café, fully clothed. The flush that had washed over her features drained, leaving her pale, except for her sensual mouth. Waist narrow for hip size, perfect teardrop ass, muscles that probably shouldn't have been surprising given the state of her hands. But that wasn't what made him freeze like a deer in headlights. Because between those perfect, dark-tipped breasts was a mass of scar tissue, striated with dark lines, and in the center of that... he'd only seen it a couple of times, but it was impossible to forget, etched in his memory. A port, a glow, metal. "...Tony?" He felt like he was tumbling through the air, like up was in a dozen places at once and nowhere. "Oh, my God, Tony, I'm so sorry, this---" he babbled.
Tony cowered and a shiver ran almost imperceptibly through his body. Steve snarled, slamming a copy of the police report down on the floor in front of his pet, “What. Did. You. Do?” Tony looked as if he was about to open his mouth and explain again. Steve shot him a quelling glance. He didn’t even need to say, “Pets don’t speak,” at this point -- the slight warning tilt of his head said it all.
“Hey, yourself,” I answered. “Not a fan of the dreidel thing?” I was glad that our relative positions didn’t force me to avoid eye contact. Not that I was avoiding eye contact.
I was helping Tony peel the enormous custom “My Daddy Slew an Ancient Evil in Costa Verde And All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt” shirt and some truly hideous Hawaiian-print shorts off it and debating whether we could make the Coppertone ad work with the pose when the Scarlet Witch groaned. “I’m actually impressed. You managed to take a concept like you owning a titanic statue of the object of your totally-manly and incredibly-platonic affections, and make it even more ridiculous, Stark. At least there are no holidays in August.”
Around the table, his teammates blink, dazed. Tony's pupils constrict like a flash has gone off. "All well and good, Mojo-Man, but I need to go to the little Avengers room like, right now," he snaps, "If you'll excuse me, gentlemen, ladies... Barton." Natasha's gaze follows Stark's retreating back with actual alarm, then she glares at Steve and at the door again. He is almost tempted to feign confusion.
He circled to Tony’s right, closing the distance silently, meaning not to hit him but to get him in a headlock---
Tony laid her head back on his chest. "I don't ever want to wake up, Steve. Don't ever let me wake up. Let's just stay here forever."
, for your information. It’s an investment. A star-spangled investment with a plan. And it’s closer to twenty feet. Twenty-five feet, tops.”
Steve didn't know how he got here, and he didn't care. That should probably have rung alarm bells, given how his days usually went, but...he inhaled, nibbling the ear of the naked woman spooned up against him, kissing her neck. Her shampoo smelled green with notes of leather, and she used a moisturizer that subtly blended sandalwood and... oh, Christ,  He didn't care. The stuff on top, the oak and peat and expensive-smelling citrus, was nothing to the overwhelming scent of sex and
“Besides,” Stark sailed on, ignoring the pop culture reference with uncharacteristic dignity, “I could hardly give it a socialist theme. I mean, it’s
And the suit near the lab table strode up to him and caressed his cheek, making his head tilt and running its thumb across his lips.
2: A truly enormous flowered hat worthy of Lady Bracknell, a parasol tucked under one arm, and a shoulder sash emblazoned with“Votes for Women!” Steve looked like we’d hit him with a brick, then grinned that dopey, million-watt grin at us and told us he liked it.
come, not if his life depended on it, his body twitching and filling with light as the world blacked out for a minute.
Steve opened the tube of toothpaste and squeezed a stripe out on his finger. He pulled Tony’s jaw open again -- “Open!” -- and began vigorously brushing the outsides of his teeth, noting mildly, “I don’t think you’ll like what happens if you bite me, pet.” Thrusting his finger to get the insides, something dark uncoiled and chuckled in his belly as he felt Tony gently gag. “Spit,” he repeated. He wiped Tony’s mouth, and shook his head. “Look at you, boy. You’re a mess. A hot, dirty mess.” He angled a shaving mirror to show Tony to himself, naked, undone, dishevelled. He leaned over and started the shower. “Are you going to run?” Steve asked. Tony hung his head. “You’re not going anywhere.” He unlocked the collar and hung it carefully on the towel rack. He looked down at his clothes. “I guess I’m not going to get these wet,” he said, peeling down to his skin.
“He thinks he’s hiding it, but really, Captain Rogers, I think you may be the very last person in the room, if not the solar system, not to know. We’ve all been waiting for you to get a clue and deal with him.”
“I like it. Kudos. Never would have thought that changing up the outfit would take it past Uncanny Valleyville, but somehow… well, there you go, sometimes it’s the simple things. But we’ve got to get you into some cashmere. Not even you can pull off the softer side of Sears without looking like barbecue dad.”
The dress was gone as fast as it had appeared. On the following Tuesday there was an intermission with a shorter pink version. While putting it up, Angel said, “It would still be a maxi dress on anyone else,” which was answered by questioning frowns from the gentlemen in the room. Except for Tony, who seemed to get the joke, and Steve who has developed the habit of smiling benevolently at everything anybody says as if not to discourage them.
“Where will you even put it?” Simon asked, his gesture somehow encompassing  the whole of the grounds. “You’re not going to knock out a ceiling, are you? That… monstrosity is too tall by about fourteen feet.”
I should have been staying away. But obviously I’m not capable of doing anything reasonable these days. And since nobody else is seemingly going to say it, I have to do that myself too: Steve, you are an idiot. But July was bound to be the worst so far. And I preferred to get a picture before the laughing and cheering began. Just three days before, they had glued gigantic frowning eyebrows on the thing. And then this. I had fended off the Stars and Stripes last month. I could not hope to be so lucky this time. Although ... it could’ve been worse.
A dream. Of course. He was going to figure out what he ate before bed and eat nothing but that for the rest of his life. But for now... he moved his right hand to caress her breast. The nipple stiffened under his hand, and her breath caught as he circled it, teasing. "Well, as long as we're dreaming, miss, and as long as it's a good dream, I think I need to feel you come."
“No, that’s the beauty of it: long-lasting, cool-burning fireworks and sparklers. We put them up and ignite them at sundown. We put picnic blankets around it like Tony suggested. And maybe by the end of the night, Steve finally...”
“Hush. You’re going to keep your body relaxed, eyes on mine, and we’re going to breathe together, nice and easy… in…. out…” Steve swallowed and wet his lips, unconsciously. His pupils had dilated so there was only the barest ring of that perfect blue surrounding the black.
Tony turned back around, casting about. “Oh, yeah, that’s good,” he said, grabbing a small socket wrench, placing it in Steve’s right hand.. “I’m going to turn my back on you. You’re going to come up behind me and cosh me.”
“So.. look, there’s no shame in it. I blank out sight and sound in this rig, I won’t hear or see a thing. And yeah, I’m sorry if you have to turn your back, but we can turn up some music, and--- “
“Why is that here? And why is it wearing a bunny suit?” Leave it to Steve to ask the important questions.
The suit behind him released his arms. “Tony, I’m so sorry, baby, I tried not to come until you said…" he cried out. Good, God, were those tears pricking at his eyes? He fought to his feet, his legs not wanting to work and wobbling dangerously with aftershocks.
Steve shook his head. “Wednesday. If you call her in for less than Armageddon during her Skype date, she’s going to do permanent damage.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You could have just texted me, you know. Should have just texted me. All right, I’m handling it from here. I’ve set up an alert if anything major changes. In the meantime, cease all recording and monitoring of the interior of this pod until my say-so.”
“I know that handprint.” Hawkeye’s smug grin was exasperating. I knew Tony’s handprint too, when I saw it. Birthday spankings. Knowing Tony, it must have been irresistible. The joke I mean. Nothing more to it. I was grateful nobody suggested that we should go through with the tradition.
Steve continued to circle his marble-me. I looked at Angel to find out if that was good or bad, or what was happening.
Tony’s mouth was warm and wet, the beard soft, the lips tasting faintly of old coffee and something uniquely
"It's not there, asshole, it was just a dream and I could never leave a lasting mark on you, not with a hickey, you know that," and the bands that are constricting Steve's chest break open, and he lifts his eyebrows and smiles with relief and says, "And you know what I meant by that how?"
Between gasps, Tony said, “‘That… would… be… weird…’” Steve’s brow furrowed, then laughter broke over him like a tide, and they cackled madly together until Steve decided to silence him with a kiss.
urged the sinful, pleading eyes that met his. He pulled the candy cane bit from between those teeth. “My good boy. My good pet. Mine,” he murmured, finally kissing Tony fully, cradling his face, pushing his tongue into the still-mint-cooled mouth. He felt Tony’s lips move under his as if smiling, and Tony began to enthusiastically lick his face, all over. He gasped with silent laughter. ‘Not finished yet?” he groaned. “All right, boy, come on.” He straightened up and led his still-damp paramour on all fours to the bedroom, towel slung over his neck.
"I can do it again," he said, "Right now, if you want." She shook her head, smiling a little, and rolled him onto his back, laying on top of him. "Not now, Steve. It's time."
Tony huffed into his neck. “Yeah, so it’s been a while. Little busy, here. Mmm, I know they said they were working on the smell thing, but God, you’re
"Shut up, Winghead, that was once and it was years ago and I hadn't slept in six days. Since forever. Decades before I even met you, I loved you. And if I told you you how long I've waited to say it and why and how much, we won't have any time, because those Inhumans aren't going to unstick themselves and I'm sure the the hot water is almost gone and Uatu hates pruniness. So.  I love you and I always will, the rest is just paperwork and after-action briefings." She huffed. "Shut up and kiss me, Rogers."
Tony complied, biting Steve’s and sending electricity jolting through his limbs, grounding him. Then pulled back, his eyes narrowed. “Don’t recall programming you to be so bossy, Bob.”
Steve actually turned red the first time he saw the board, and I’m convinced it was because he remembered the awkwardness he had felt about this robe, and not because Tony tried to get a snapshot of his derriere. He is either so straight he couldn’t fathom the idea, or … no, nobody could be that oblivious.
Steve squeezed gently, frowning with the scientific intensity of a three-year-old old with a stick and a mud puddle . “Muscles, skin. Some hair, not much. I think you had more before?  Tendons. Bone feels… weirdly dense. Heavy. Temperature is normal.”
Tony stared up at him helplessly, his cock jolting as it spattered white drops of come across his chest and Steve’s forearm. They looked at each other, panting, considering this development. Tony pulled Steve’s head down and began to lick his face penitently, whining softly.
It’s the one time of year I try to find ways to avoid Steve, who, of fucking course, adores it, setting up even more meet-and-greets with orphans and trying to get us to bake cookies, for Pete’s sake, and I think if he could personally answer all the Christmas cards he gets, he would. It’s like someone made a pogo stick out of a candy cane and covered it with tinsel and forced it all into an (admittedly fetchingly tight) reindeer sweater.
“You weren’t even here when that happened! Okay, look, I’m just processing. This is… this is like atheist Christmas.” He tapped some instructions into the air, the card clipped to his shirt
"Excuse me, please," he blurts, and follows Tony. Behind him, Strange continues on as if uninterrupted, "--to resisting is to realize that reality has the potential to be even grander than we, with our narrow minds and wills, ever thought to dream..."
authentic, with you not getting my references. Look, BOB, the last time your type got sassy with me, it got beyond messy, so stuff it down, okay? Don't make this weird. ”
“I don’t know what’s cuter, the thought that you think you’re fooling any of us for a second, or that you’re still in denial yourself. Are you really the last to know, Angel?” he teased.
Tony raised a well-groomed eyebrow as if considering whether Wonder Man’s exceptional density was committed with malice aforethought, and said, “The grand ballroom, obviously.”
? “You know, if this works like I think it’s going to, I’ll need to run simulations for about the next two hours and forty minutes or so, and I was thinking we’ve never---” The always-present background undertone of arousal in the scent of the lab rose to the top of Tony’s scent signature, overwhelming Steve, thickening his lazy half-chub to a full hard-on so quickly Steve was almost surprised it didn’t make a noise. “You’re going to do it. You know you are. Or I could bring Natasha in, she’d be happy to pop me on the noggin…” Tony flicked his fingers and made a popping sound effect.
“Skin contact seems to help. Maybe… mucous membranes? To skin?” Steve said, his attempt at a tone of scientific detachment undermined by panting.
“Hmm?” Steve barely paused in laving Tony’s finger with his lips and tongue, only adding his middle finger to the mix and taking them down almost alarmingly deeply into his throat while closing his eyes in concentration.
Steve colored. “No, I mean…” he grabbed Tony’s hand and began to lovingly, vigorously suck his index finger.
“True,” Steve gritted out, “Logan… Logan’s the sassiest bitch this side of,” he cast about, flailing, “Sherlock Holmes, or something.”
"Me? I saw a pony. Had little wings and a tattoo on its ass of the Playboy bunny logo. Its name was ' Sparkle My Father's Approval,' and you need--- oh, here's my ride. Gotta go, man. Great catching up. Brief me." And, shit, the town car is heading this way and why is there never
"Good," she said, and impaled herself upon him. She locked eyes with him, and he felt surrounded by velvet heat and filled with light and a hundred other clichés, penetrated by her gaze and feeling every wave of pleasure as his own, every spasm of her orgasm squeezing him tightly and drawing him deeper until his vision went white and he came almost roaring her name. She collapsed on top of him, laying her head upon his chest.
I climbed the ladder and frowned. Inches below Captain America’s 5-on-the-Mohs-scale giant crotchbulge was absolutely not how I’d expected to end my night, and I never in a million years thought I could feel sad and puzzled in this position.
“Aw, I think it’s cute how they’ve found a way to advertise how weird things are between the two of them,” I said.
Jan leaned in to hug him, discreetly detaching it. “Steve, Tony was just saying that he was thinking of doing Hanukkah for, um. Your statue.”
Steve braced himself. He gripped Tony’s arm and pulled him close. He raised his other hand and brushed Tony’s hair back. Haltingly, he brought his lips to Tony’s, first brushing, then pressing, then tilting his head and kissing back as Tony opened his mouth under his. Their tongues intertwined, explored, wrestled, fought for some timeless interval, until Steve pulled his head back slightly. “Yes,” he breathed, “that’s definitely what it wants.”
But of course, villains happened. You’d think they’d slow down in the chilly months, maybe perpetrate some small-scale atrocities on the beach at Grand Exuma or Papeete, but I guess you don’t get to be a supervillain by being overly sensible. So it was just hours before the annual holiday party when I realized my rock-hard Avenger did not have a thing to wear, and I had literally a thousand things to do before the doors opened. Desperate times, desperate measures, and so I improvised.
“Tony. Look. This business we’re in, it’s physically intense. We run on adrenaline. We’re always, always fighting for our lives and we know that not even we know how close we come, sometimes. And sometimes, we see a hot body, and that body is attached to someone who makes us feel like we want to be better than we are, like we can be better than we are. Someone who we know always has our back, even when we don’t know if we deserve it. It’s pretty natural to get crushes, like, all the time. If we acted on every little attraction, the team would be even more messed-up than it is. And sometimes, even if you think it might be worth the risk… well, sometimes people just can’t feel that way back, and you have to be grateful for what you have, because it’s, y’know, pretty awesome. What you have.”
“You see…” and he pointed to me with a slightly-unsteady finger, “this man is deeply, terribly, tormentedly, and very lustily in love with you.”
Tony's eyes grew thoughtful, weighing the times when their country, their universe, their world, and countless lives had hung in the balance of the choices they made. She bit her lip.
He jerked his hand away like he had just realized he was petting a coral snake. For a second, I really thought he wanted to slap me. I slumped and held up my hand in surrender.
I don’t remember how I got to feel so small and sad when I said that. I don’t remember Tony coming down to my level. I just remember standing there together, not hugging or anything, just kind of leaning against each other, touching foreheads and sniffling together until we decided those marshmallows weren’t going to roast themselves.
“I am not,” Steve replied. “‘Cosh’ is not even a verb. That doesn’t even begin to get near the top twenty reasons I’m not going to do that. No.”
“So you want to talk about how black the kettle is, huh?” I folded my arms, looked him in the eye, then looked pointedly at his reflection, which showed him absent-mindedly stroking the literally-chiseled jaw of his two-story best buddy.
You know the secret of the Avengers holiday party, right? Right. It’s Mama Carbonell’s secret eggnog recipe. Oh, you want that recipe? Well… okay, seeing as how it’s you, I’ll tell you, but you have to take the secret to your grave. Beyond your grave. If I find out that you told a single living soul, I’ll see to it that the universe you live in is deleted from existence. Trust me, I know a guy who’s working on that.
He knew Tony was watching him through the mask. Was he being watched from two angles, or three? They were silent, all of them, except for his and Tony’s breathing, heavy with desire, perfectly synchronized with no conscious volition. The suit cocked his legs up, exposed his asshole. Steve kept his eyes fixed on its eye slits as it trailed a finger down the back of his thigh, spread its hand over the globe of his ass, then slowly, agonizingly circled his entrance. It slid his other hand to circle his cock, moving steadily up and down. Steve nodded at it, slowly.
“-- Mr. Stark has requested that any contact that comes through be ‘truly planet-endangering’ until you request otherwise, Captain,” she finished silkily. “I am now signing off for the evening. Please use the usual signals to re-establish contact. Have fun,” she suggested, no hint of cheek in her voice.
“Red, yellow… green?” Just because Steve didn’t like to be tied up didn’t mean they didn’t find themselves in need of a safe word or three once in a while.
That last wasn’t a lie, not the slightest bit. And so, I hurried out and spent the evening and the night swilling burnt coffee with my family at AA… the family of refugees, flotsam and jetsam of shipwrecked lives.
“Uh-huh,” Tony replied, dazed. “More?” They fell on each other’s mouths,  groping, grinding, rutting against each other’s erections, shuddering and hissing as they found the sensitive spots on necks and earlobes.
“And you lot decided to dress Ms. Masters’ wonderful artwork up in daffodil-yellow plush?” Well, I would have chosen primrose yellow, but the rose bow was a nice touch.
“Color?” The suit had, in the course of its counterpart’s ministrations, turned him to face Tony more fully, and Tony was jerking himself off in earnest, his eyes dark with lust, watching his lover writhe.
Steve shook his head. “No, I mean… Tony… whatever this thing is made to do, I don’t think that’s…” he struggled for the phrase, “I don’t think that’s what this wants us to do.”
After that they gave the statue a Schultüte – which admittedly was my idea, as it’s really sad Americans don’t get these – and a  a ginormous sandwich board reading “School is cool” on the front and “Don’t do drugs” on the back. There was some fine print though:
Steve gently turned Tony’s arm in his hand, running his fingers along the seams. “Can you feel that?” he said.
“Do we have?” asked Steve. Tony only smirked, leaning back and handing Steve a small bottle from… well, only Tony knew where. Steve flipped the cap open, pouring a generous pool into the palm of his hand, warming it, then dipping his fingers to coat them.
He found her left hand with his right. He expected to feel a manicure after all that product--- where had he smelled that before?--- but her nails felt short, almost to the point of exposing the quick, and the skin was calloused and where he expected smoothness, interrupted with scarring. "Here's what we're going to do, miss. You're going to put your finger on the tip of your clitoris, right where it makes a seal to your fingertip, and you're not going to move your finger, except to vary the pressure. Have you got that, miss? You've maybe tried it yourself." She had a full bush, wiry but silky like the hair on her head, straighter than most women's body hair he'd touched.
Tame? The statue was painted red, white, and blue all over. It had more stars and stripes than the original Cap costume ever did. It surely had taken some hints from circus attire. If it had been caught up in a flag factory explosion, it would’ve looked less spangled.
I believe I may never fully fathom the powers of my beloved, for, although I had sent the full sentence to my voder with no possibility of a glitch, after the look she gave me, my mouth was left open but my speech was somehow reduced to a near-silent creak. I made a note that we would, apparently, “talk later.”
“Oh! Oh, no, no, you’re fine. I love to talk about me, have you met me? Yeah, no, I can’t tell the difference, and no-one else has said anything.” He cocked his head. “Here.” He held out his right arm. “This is me, with armor. Go ahead, give her a squeeze. Not too hard,” he said, remembering some examples of the upper limits of super-soldier strength.
my statue, even if you own it, and I haven’t really participated in this… whatdoyoucallit. So… I had an idea for some holiday cheer.”
“No loss of sensation, but I can dampen any pain responses now. I still keep the little stuff to remind me not to lean on stoves, but it’s handy in a fight, not getting overwhelmed, and they’ll have to dig out Barney videotapes to torture me without very specialized equipment.”
“God, that’s hot. I can… oh!” cried Tony, his voice breaking, as Steve, without ceremony or preliminary, took Tony’s penis deep into his throat and began to (there was no other phrase for it) fuck his own face with Tony’s cock. “You.. have no gag reflex… that’s… what? Oh! Please, please...” He tapped Steve’s head.
The suit slid its gauntlets over his chest, down his sides, along his hips. It nudged his thighs open and caressed his package. Steve heard Tony pull a wheeled chair up and sit down, but he  kept his eyes on the golden mask of the suit. There was something compelling in the absolute stillness of the mask, its non-responsiveness. He suspected even Sam would think that was fucked up. But he didn’t have to dance for it, like some spangled monkey. He didn’t need to fight for that release, the moment when the stone-faced guy in the suit, dangling his approval over their heads, smiled and everything would be okay until the town, the next show.
The suit unlatched something in its wrist and, with delicate precision, a saw blade flashed and cut off his shirt, his jeans, his boxers. He pushed his shoes off his feet, stepped on his socks to pull them off, kicked them away.
“You’re going to come when I let you come, not before,” Tony snarled. Somehow, he was standing over Steve’s prone form, jerking his own impressive erection at a furious speed. “You’re going to lie there while I fuck you with the suit and hold you down with the suit and I’m going to watch you get just fucking
Steve was shuddering and trembling already as he ripped the harness off that stupid, tacky (skin-tight, incredibly sexy) black body suit. Steve pushed him away, gasping, and he did something with his thumb to the neck of the suit… it fell open with ease.
Steve swallowed, half-alarmed, half even more aroused, and how was that possible? “How far are we taking this?” he asked, thinking about the things villains did that heroes did not get to do. Somehow, he doubted that Tony’s immediate plans included “having one single board game night not interrupted by Doombots or Mindless Ones or Molemen, just one, is it too much to fucking ask?”
Steve nodded curtly. “That’s good.” His own standing appointment was tomorrow afternoon, barring the usual supervillainous tomfoolery that always seemed to come up. “Hold --”
“Lemme see what Stan says before we unpack this,” Tony yawned back. “I don’t know where to begin.” He smoothed a lock of Steve’s hair, a gesture either unnecessary or futile with Steve’s wet, short hair. Steve began to undo the collar again. “Steve…”
“No, really, baby, I need an extra set of hands. One hand.” Steve thought about going for that opening, he did, but Tony had promised this “Lassie protocol” was just a one-day project, in a way that made Steve think that he was probably on the mark, but that was only if he was uninterrupted. Tony clipped the widget to the neck of his shirt. It whined in a way that was probably not audible to non-enhanced hearing, and Tony turned his back to Steve. “Come at me.”
“What?” Tony said, then sighed, “Ohhhh,” in comprehension and perfect bliss as Steve began to scratch his back. ‘I love you, Steve,” he said, his voice blurring in relaxation.
Better me to break the news than the younglings. “Tony made an investment, and it’s Easter this Sunday.”
“If you don’t mind,” Friday interrupted, “I have taken the liberty of contacting Dr. Lee and scheduling Mr. Stark for an eight a.m. appointment here at the tower tomorrow, as well as rescheduling a client meeting for a more mutually-agreeable time.”
I said as much to Jan over my 5 p.m. morning coffee. (Interdimensional jet lag. Don’t get me started.)
The probable consequences if he let himself freak out… the lives they lost would be just the beginning. And underneath it, roaring like a waterfall in sudden spring flood under Tony’s filthy, demanding mouth, was the clamor of
Instead of making the best statue dress-up yet a reality, I let Tony do Halloween. We were all shut out of the ballroom for three days. This had better be the most awesome Halloween costume to ever grace this city.
It was October! Woooh. Finally! Maybe Angel had had all the fun in August and Tony had gotten all misty-eyed over September, but the best two days were still coming up. I had the cape, I got the flags, I thought shortly about a unicorn, but decided against it. This was going to be great. And then... Halloween. It was going to be be awesome.
Any day that he wasn’t fighting off cockamamie clone shenanigans or howling misunderstood sorcerers or the Brotherhood of Evil Et Ceteras (so, about every third or fourth day), one of us would holler, “Boot up to suit up” (I don’t know, Tony used his repulsor boots instead of a ladder and it kind of stuck), and there we’d be, zipping around ten feet off the ground dressing up Cap and jabbering about everything in general and nothing in particular.
“Pretty sure ‘can’t’ isn’t in our vocabulary, Sweet Cheeks,” said Tony, grinning wickedly. “Hmm, no,” he added thoughfully. The suit behind Steve shifted to sit astride the bench, pulling him until he was leaning against its chest, leaning them both back. His arms were still pinned behind him.
She tapped his lip in return. "Mine. Yes, yours." She flowed up his torso, not quite disengaging, sucking at his clavicle as they twitched with aftershocks. "Hey, look at that, I've left a mark on Captain America."
1: We didn’t do anything for that one but don’t think we weren’t tempted. I think Stark actually sent a card with a “small” donation in Steve’s name anyway.
Not that Tony ever quite stopped talking. Right then he was explaining code, something about fight responses, to DUM-E, gesturing extravagantly and replying, “I’m glad you asked,” to apparently random servo whirrs and, amusingly, “You’re right! What was I thinking?” He turned away to make a series of minute adjustments to some sort of... button attached to a clip, still keeping up a steady stream of what Bruce called “ducksplaining” (Steve steadfastly refused to ask) at the robot.
“Yup. My BMI is, like, one thousand five, and I’ll crash the software of any airport X-ray I run through---”
“Think about what?” The man himself bounded in, and damned if he didn’t have several inches of curly green ribbon clinging to the back of his shirt.
So, no, I’m not fond of Christmas, and I know everyone’s dying to see the statue in a fluffy red-and-white hat, but everyone knows you can’t spell “aesthetic” without A-E-S.
there, who really knew what it was like was like stepping into the sunshine after a long, cold fight indoors. The very feeling of connection made the feeling of being shut out from that commonality was… the worst. This guy, this mirror-self, would never understand. “Well…”
Besides, Steve doing exactly as expected and asked might be so out-of-character that he was pretty sure that it would break any A.I. that had any data on him whatsoever.
7: We filled the ballroom with “shooting stars” and tucked a telescope and star charts under the arm of the statue.
“Yes, yes, I’m sure, big real newsy-news, you’ll give us the briefing and it will be very serious and I will probably be giving my Riverdance tickets to Mom
We were working on a “campfire on the beach” scene for National S’mores Day (it’s my opinion that underneath that RT node contraption beats the heart of a thwarted theater kid) when we had the Talk.
“You’re not wrong. But you’re not right… yet. Because you have this hang-up about being recorded, and today, I just get to…
He put a steadying arm around my waist, but somehow my heartbeat didn’t go down. And I knew that he wasn’t carrying a gun, not holstered there. I swallowed. “Yes,” he whispered. “Very dangerous. So maybe we can go someplace safe. And talk.”
and the drumbeat of his heart a jolting echo in his cock as Tony’s breath hit his neck and he scraped his earlobe through his teeth.
“That’s a shame,” he said. “I thought it was kind of fun. But you can’t stop it before I get a turn. That wouldn’t be right. Here, pull up that stepladder to the front of the statue and help me with this thing.” He was looping some sort of belt around to the front of the statue. His arms were just a fraction of an inch too short to work the buckle, no matter how proportionally narrow his effigy’s waist might be.
By the time I got back (lots of us were having a rough night that night, and I may have hit more than one meeting. NYC is good that way), the sky was lightening to a pearly pre-dawn gray. I made my way to the ballroom to see how trashed it was, and was pleased to find that it had already been cleaned up, all repairs made, and festooned with the same number of chandeliers it had started the evening with. I was glad I could count on my aides-de-camp to tip the staff well… they’d certainly earned it. By signs throughout the house, I gathered that, although not all the guests had made their way home, everyone had been bundled off to one bed or another.
She tensed. "You do have the best ideas... okay, let's see if you or my subconscious is going to fuck me now. Worth the risk. I'm turning around. Don't freak out. I've got this thing, it's kind of like a pacemaker and holy shit, Steve?"
“It has a lovely body, with legs so short and thin,” graveled Ben, “And when it gets all tired...” He somehow made it sound like a sea shanty. (I made a note to check for Asgardian “Irishing,” because the quantity of booze that would get the Thing’s 500 pounds drunk enough to sing should involve a bucket. A few buckets.)
, but he just didn't care. If he is being honest, he's said this to himself a hundred times, a thousand times before, and he will fight it down again. And again. Dying and coming back to life is easier, even if he's had less practice at that.
Tony crawled into the shower. Steve followed. Tony strained toward his cock, but Steve tut-tutted. “No. I told you we won’t be doing… that… any more, you poor thing. Open.” Tony opened his mouth. “You like candy canes so much, hold this.” He shoved the candy cane, wrapper and all, between Tony’s teeth like a bit. “If it gets to be too much, spit this out.” Water poured over Tony’s body as Steve knelt to lather up his limbs and torso, reveling in the feel of slick soap over his lover’s skin, laving every nook and cranny. The motions themselves felt surprisingly businesslike, perfunctory, but on some level, there was a feeling of being on a roller coaster -- a prescribed path, but flying all the same. He could feel Tony trembling with the force of his desire to react.
The shiver that ran through Steve’s body had nothing to do with the temperature. He stood up and walked to the spot Tony was looking at, hanging his shirt neatly through the handle of a drawer nearby. Tony rolled his eyes. “Well, that’s in character, at least,” he muttered.
“It drops and then I win!” the room roared back. One of the telekinetics started playing the baby grand remotely and suddenly we had a sing-along on our hands.
They lay in silence, breathing together. After a few minutes, Tony said, "That was... wow. I love you. Words broken. Are you?"
And Tony's mouth drops open and for once, for one glorious moment, he is silent. "You gotta come back, Stark," Steve says, the Brooklyn leaking into his accent like it does in his quiet moments. "And then we gotta save the universe, because the universe ain't gonna save itself. But then we gotta come back and talk about the
He’d been on a sabotage mission. Fuck, it was unbelievably risky, but no-one knew Stark like he did, and Tony had, miraculously, forgotten to disable a crucial set of emergency access codes for his presumed-and-technically-actually-dead self. The gains they stood to make from that breach far outweighed any risk to Steve. Hell, to most of the world, he was a memory anyway, a post-mortem on some metal table in the sub-basement of a deeply-hidden lab, being sliced and diced and frappéed and rendered to figure out what uniqueness made the Super Serum another man’s poison. He was already as missed as he was going to be. No point in sparing a soldier that was already a casualty.
“You know, that’s the most efficient way possible to get someone to freak out. Saying ‘don’t freak out,'” Steve suggested mildly.
. It’s funny! I thought it would be hilarious to have a gigantic statue of Cap. We could eat picnics in his shade. Have flying drills around his head and through his legs–”
He fought to keep his voice steady. "Promises, promises... miss." He bit her earlobe, sucked it gently, then positioned his hand with hers, rubbing the shaft of her clitoris rapidly but not too firmly... "Oh my GOD," she gasped, "fuck... please, please, yes," she chanted, spasming and pressing up to his hand. "Yeah?" he hissed, "you like that?" Her back writhed  against his chest and her ass pressed against his cock as she babbled blasphemies and affirmations and begged him not to stop, then suddenly stilled, out of breath. "Sorry, I need a minute. That was... intense." She snuggled against him and they panted in unison. "Wait. I have an idea." She wriggled, and his cock was between her thighs, enveloped in wetness. She rubbed against him, getting herself off.
He met Stark’s eyes in the mirror. There was no surprise in them, just weariness and a delayed-action, bleary smile. It figured. If he made it out of here, he’d spend a long night or three finding out whether their source knew that she was feeding them not juicy secrets, but bait--- and that meant he’d have to figure out who his source was.
“Do it.” The suit’s finger lingered on his asshole, then slowly began to push, back and forth, in and out, a little further in with each time. Steve forced himself to relax as the sensitive skin clung to the finger, never blinking as he stared heatedly at the eye slits of the mask. The suit pushed its middle finger against his asshole. In the background, Tony’s breathing abruptly caught, and he heard Tony kick himself in the chair across the room. “Tony, what are you…” But the suit crooked its fingers within Steve, and he closed his eyes as his whole body flexed.
The suit above him stared blankly down at them both, and Tony moaned a little under his breath. Steve had never felt so naked, vulnerable…
The click behind Steve’s ear was exactly nothing like the click of a lube bottle being opened, and the muzzle pressed to his head was very much the opposite of Tony’s warm, pliant mouth. Steve raised his eyes to meet the Director’s snarling reflection. “That’s not factory-standard plumbing you’re packing, pal. You have twenty seconds to tell me who you are and who sent you before I have the forensics division pluck the answers off your smoking corpse.”
A few months later, Tony will pretend to hold out a lot of very silly songs for the first dance at the wedding: "Iron Man;" "The Star-Spangled Man With a Plan;" The National Emblem march (which Tony insists upon singing as "The monkey wrapped his tail around the flagpole," because he was delighted to hear that those lyrics had been around when Steve was on the playground). But they both know the first song will be "Dream a Little Dream of Me."
Okay, titanium alloy. He twisted against the thumb of the suddenly-quite-lively suit holding his wrist but, finding that ineffectual, lashed out at the core of the suit with his foot. The suit feinted and pulled him off-center. Somehow he ended up in a full Nelson. He was pretty sure he could get out of it, but not without damaging the armor.
“Babe. Give me a little credit, here?” The waves of power against his skin were not unlike the jets of a hot tub… pushing against his muscles, kneading him, manhandling him, all with the sense of barely-restrained power, danger… the repulsors turned down, then off, to be replaced with a narrower sense of almost-unbearable stinging heat, one finger wide, roughly the intensity of the snap of a rubber band… it seared a path around first one nipple, then the other, lingering, growing more intense as Steve gasped, hating it, needing it, craving
It was amazing. The whole room was transformed. It looked like something out of an old movie. There were signs of decay that hadn’t been there three days ago, spider webs and piles of rubble, ivy vines and shattered lanterns. The mirrors had cracks and blind spots and the curtains were blood-red. Everything seemed to be illuminated by candlelight, which I was pretty sure was artificial, but only because I knew Tony had done this. Suddenly there were shrieks and shadows from something flying overhead, and we all instinctively ducked, but Tony just chuckled. Light and sound projections. Equally unprompted, a strange, but very rhythmic song started. It had a lot of different singers, chanting “This is Halloween” over and over.
Kitty flashed a Mojo grin. “Well… you know the statue of Steve in Avengers Mansion? How they’re doing the thing with the–”
I sent a picture of it to Clint because it was mildly amusing, and Stark had the sheer gall to, at Hawkeye’s suggestion, rig the ballroom door to play “Blame Canada” whenever it was opened. Who taught those city boys how to tell a maple leaf from a fig leaf, anyway?
“Oh, nothing. It’s just that if I had a nap for every time I heard you mention Patsy Walker’s name recently, I’d catch up on my entire sleep debt from the eighties and wake up not recognizing the President’s name. She’s maaaaar-ried,” he singsonged.
Darling. You’ll never believe it. Apparently the good Captain nixed the flag toga by citing the “Flag Code” or some nonsense, so they knocked up a barbecue grill the size of a studio apartment, a metre-wide tie, and a “Kiss the Cook” apron for Fathers Day.
They stayed silent, breathing in unison, Steve’s arms cradling Tony as if he were something infinitely precious he intended to protect from everything, forever. Finally, he said, “Do you think it’s...?”
Steve considered the gap and weighed the situation. On one hand, going in like he’d been told to was almost certainly a trap of some sort. On the other, he didn’t know what Stark was testing, so would there be any benefit to getting past whatever he was testing?
Tony’s eyes were huge and brown and wet, and it was all Steve could do to keep from gathering his naked lover up from all fours and comforting him. The urge irritated him, and he let that filter into his voice as he snapped, “What did you do?”
The fireworks show was a delight. We watched it from the terrace, and although it was not a chilly night, the warmth of Tony leaning against my arm felt good. There were “ohs” and “ahhs” all around us. For a moment, my mind prompted me with the audible impression of Tony making these sounds and– No. That wasn’t what this was. The team had organized a birthday party for a lonely old man. I’m going to appreciate what I have.
The sparklers actually did a lot for the ambience in the end. Jarvis had prepared picnic baskets. Tony had insisted on having burgers in them. I’m still not sure he understood the concept. Somehow Jarvis managed to make them delicious anyway. After dinner, there were presents. Tony started an art scholarship in my name. I would never have thought of that. I love it. I hugged him, and there was shuffling and throat clearing around us. But Tony smiled at me, radiating happiness, and that was rare enough. It was nice.
All right, all right, some of us may have guessed, but it’s not really something you want confirmed.
Okay, well, in actual combat these days, it’s more like “fry first, ask questions later,” but talking’s different.
By which I mean, I lied my shiny metal ass off. I looked at the professor like I had no idea whether he was pulling my leg or having a stroke and said, “I don’t know where you’re getting your ‘information,’ from, Professor, but I hope you kept the receipt. I love Steve, yes. He’s my best friend, why wouldn’t I love him? But… not that way. Sorry.” I feigned a rueful grin. “I’m sorry. I… look, I didn’t think it would be a problem, but being around this many drunk people… I have to go.”
He has to try. This is a life he has to fight for. This is why he came back. "Tony. What did you see?"
"Do I have a new therapist?" babbled the dark-haired woman in his arms, "I've got to send a fruit basket. I love my subconscious, this is the best dream ever," she reiterated. She wriggled back up against Steve. "Mm. Yes. Please."
Steve yawned, and called to the ceiling, “This is Captain Handsome. Friday, don’t let us sleep longer than forty-five minutes.” To Tony, he said, “We aren’t finished. You have an appointment with Dr. Lee tomorrow at eight. We can talk about this before or after you talk to him. Whatever happens, I need to you to eat and drink and take some aspirin.”
“I appreciate that,” Steve said as the bots trundled to their recharging stations and powered their external sensors off.
“Yeah, I know. It’s a blip on the radar and really just a sop to the get the goyim to stop spewing red and green and tinsel into the workspaces of the decent, hard-working, and fashion-forward. But think about it, Tony…”
She said, “Well, we’re kind of exhausted by your obscure-holiday binge this summer… what about Hanukkah?”
“Tony needs this,” Angel said. “Steve coming out like that was a lot to take in for him,” she said. “It was a good idea, but this is not only about our fun anymore. Maybe it can be closure and he can let it go afterwards. You see that too, don’t you?” She was coddling me. It was working.
“Guys, looks like it’s going to be at least another six hours before we can let you out of quarantine. I’m sorry,” the voice over the intercom said, with every indication of genuine regret. It paused. “The good news is, we’ve ruled out pretty much every terrestrial disease that can be tested for, and you’re probably not cursed.”
Although he had meticulously prepped, he had to breathe into the blunt pain of first few thrusts, trying not to grunt as the pain turned to electric heat, pleasure pulsing through him like white light, joining him with his lover in perfect unity, feeling the
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Well, yes? You’re restrained. That usually takes the mickey right out of your mouse.”
Tony lifted a puzzled eyebrow. “You’re not going to pick my nose, Steve, this is weird enough already.”
I thought the whole thing would blow over with the rabbit suit, but no. I came back to visit the mansion, and they’d used
Okay, fine. A dream. He could deal with this. This was a just a part of his mind, telling him that he needed to say what he would say if there were no consequences. "Shellhead." She turned her head away from him, bracing herself. He cupped he chin and turned her face, forcing eye contact. "Tony. I've loved you forever. I've loved you since the first time I saw you, when there was still ice on my clothes and you thought those people were worshiping me instead of treating me like a giant Ripley's waxwork in a roadside attraction. I loved you when I thought you might be a robot and I loved you when I thought you were two different people and I loved you when I thought I hated you. It's you, it's always been you, it's only you. I want you any way you'll have me and I don't care if you're a woman now, it's you and that's the only thing that's ever mattered." Only it wasn't Tony. It was a dream, but his eyes were filling up with tears and he's said it, and he can't ever unsay it to himself, not truthfully.
Steve ducked a flying droid, then smashed it into a wall with the shield. Some things about meeting alternate-universe selves were amazing. Steve’s life had been pretty unique, and finally meeting someone who had
. And stop checking out Wanda’s butt, Simon, there are mirrors all over this room. Have some class.”
Unfazed by that, Justice continued, “We have to think bigger, bolder. It is two holidays in one, right? So, I went through Stark’s old inventions.”
Ah. “I don’t really think we’ll be doing many costumes for this thing anymore, Steve. My heart’s just not in it. Not if people keep… taking it the wrong way.”
He tangled his hand in Tony’s hair, forced him to look down at that damned piece of paper. Tony whimpered, his back end dropping, and for a minute Steve genuinely thought he was going to submission-pee.
And they did, and at first it was stiff, weird and awkward, the weight of too much history and hope between them, but all of a sudden the walls melted within them, and it became like fighting together, near-telepathic connection and adrenaline rush. She was fierce and aggressive with her tongue, sucking and biting his lips and he had never been so vocal during sex, groaning and gasping and crisping his fingers behind her back. They clung to each other like they they did when they flew together: like both their lives depended upon never losing their grip.
"Let's just stick with the plan for now, sport," she gasped. "But 'ma'am' is a hard no, not even if you're a fireman. Call me 'ma'am' again and I will smack you..."
symbolism? “We’re going to take this growing, breathing metaphor for eternal life and chop it the hell down, sing songs at it, then race to see who burns who to ashes first”?), and so by some mutual, unspoken accord, all our presents were placed around the statue’s feet. I’d dug up a splendid menorah (fine, chanukiah, if you’re a purist like Steve) the week before to put beside it – designed and painted by Chagall and worth somewhere between a Bugatti and a fighter jet (and completely unstable without an invisible cantilever system designed by some anonymous engineering genius my father spent decades tracking down without success) and painted the statue with symbols cribbed from a kid’s book from the library and a little bit of trompe-l'oeil to make my baby blockier.
The intercom squawked into life. “Good news, guys. You’re all clear. False alarm--- the proteins in the stuff might trigger some mild allergic response if you get a reaction to chamomile, ragweed, or strawberries, but you two should both be fine.”
I didn’t tell Tony what I had planned when he came to ask if he could have Halloween. Angel made a throat-cutting motion behind him, so I didn’t say anything. She had already blinked repeatedly when I had told her about it.
When she tried to bend to take him in her mouth, he shook his head and said, "Later." Then he gently spread his hand over her solar plexus to keep her lying down, kissing her belly down to the the damp, sable matting at her cunt, then taking a few long, slow tastes of her to gauge where she was best sensitive before sucking her clit into his mouth and flicking his tongue rapidly from side to side across it. She arched until she barely touched the floor, screaming and swearing and calling his name, fingers tangled in his hair, the taste and scent of her filling his senses and covering his face, until she pulled him up to lick her juices off his mouth. "God," she breathed, "that was incredible. Please, I want you to do that to me every day for the rest of my life. Are you good at that? Please say you're good at that. If you get any better, it would kill me."
So Steve stuck around, watching the easy and sometimes comical grace of his boyfriend in his element until, as the rhythm of the shop would have it, Steve scooted between two inert suits to gather the still-unseen-but-now-empty dishes just as a floating upload bar filled with green, and Tony blinked up at him and smiled. “Steve! Just the man! I was just thinking about you.”
“It looks lovely,” Tony said. For heaven's sake. How was this possible? He was no longer making any attempt at keeping up the facade. As I told Vision as much, he said “Would now be the opportune time to talk to him about it?”
“Oh, God, put your hands down, Threepeo, I know I’ve been jumpy lately, but it’s not that…” and his eyes slid to a barely-discernible patch of fresh paint. “Okay, point taken.Just… get over here.” And Stark held out his arms.
For the record, I was not staring at Wanda’s ass. I was merely following the conversation and the principals happened to be hovering. I am over our… whatever it was. Completely over it. Never even crossed my mind. Besides, her cape doesn’t billow nearly as much as it does in the artists’ depictions. It’s not like we have giant fans in every room.
down its maw? How many times has he thrown himself into a wall of fire, the path of bullets, onto a grenade without blinking?
“Sort of. It’s more… feedback. I can tell there’s pressure, and warmth, but you can’t really stroke me and make me want to purr.” He grinned. “Now, if I…” and Tony retracted the undersheath and sent the ESD plates to the couch behind him, leaving Steve holding his bare wrist. “What does that feel like to you?”
“Yes, I’m ‘okay with this.’ Get on with it and fuck me already,” Tony growled, and Steve’s cock jumped and shuddered as if Tony’s voice was its own resonant frequency. Tony grabbed the bottle of liquid and coated Steve’s cock generously, fucking himself back onto Steve’s fingers. “This is normally where I’d be grabbing a condom, but I don’t have any with me, and ‘No terrestrial diseases,’ the nice lady said. Stay still until I tell you you can move.” He leaned down to cover Steve’s mouth with his, pulling Steve’s hands away from his own ass to press them down by crossed wrists against the couch above Steve’s head with one hand, then guided the tip of Steve’s straining cock to his asshole, and pushed back, groaning. “One minute… let me get used to this… ugh, you feel huge...”
