"Just..." John stared as a sob escaped his lips. "Just don't do it again! Please Sherlock, I couldn't be without you, not agian."
"You know your injuries now; they will translate to your mind." John lowered his book, placing it on the small table before standing and going to kneel before Sherlock. "Here just won’t hurt as much. How are you feeling?"
"Good." John placed a soft kiss to his temple, it was nice but he wanted more. Tilting his head slightly he caught John's lips, his breath catching as John increased the pressure and then moved his lips slightly. Sherlock responded and started to kiss him back, slow soft movements that caused small sparks of electricity to run down his body.
"I can't survive without you Sherlock. I tried, but I failed. Now you're not really here and I...damn this." John hissed pulling his hands free and walking backward till his back hit the wall. He needed to calm himself, to recenter himself and he needed to do it now!
John sat in the chair by the head of the bed, his hand gently running over the back of Sherlock’s hand while he looked out the window. At least here he could see outside, in the ICU ward they kept the curtains closed, keeping the room dark.
The house was a grand, stylish affair. With large windows, tall ceilings, a warm interior and stunning gardens. It didnt look like a hospital, didn't smell like one or even sound like one. The staff were dressed in normal clothing, only a lanyard badge giving away that they where indeed staff. The patiants however where easier to spot, most not even choosing to change out of their sleep clothes, or if they did it was straight into clean sleeping clothes.
"John?" Sherlock tried again his hand lifting yet he couldn't bring himself to touch, in fact he hadn't even tried until that moment, but his hand just hovered over John’s before dropping.
“Okay stop, go back to the guy in the hoody.” Mind John said as he turned Sherlock back to the man that had caught his attention. “What was so interesting about him?”
“Did you find Wilhite?” John asks sincerely, he wouldn’t want to lose any crew member, they all deserve to get home, even if it meant returning in a coffin.
“Do you mind?” John asks indicating the hatch. Lestrade hesitates only a second before grabbing the handle to the hatch and pulling. The sight that greats him causes him to step back as the hatch falls fully open, the sound of it falling to the ground echoing through the empty room.
"No, but he crashed twice on the table, after the second time we made the choice to bag him and let him build up so strength before we try again."
"Okay." He watched as Maddie climbed onto the stretcher and curled up on her side her hand pressed against her uninjured cheek.
“But look at him John, look at how perfect he is, how utterly broken he has become.” Digging into his pocket the man pulled out a syringe. “Medicine time. Then some fun.” The last he said looking at John before wrapping a belt around Sherlock’s arm, finding a vain and administering the drug.
Putting down he scotch he ran his hands through his hair a few times, a habit he had when trying to calm his racing heart and ranging emotions. He missed John, god did he miss him. Missed his smell, his laugh, his touch, his everything.
The man just laughed. "Of course I do Sherlock! That's my role here, my role to keep you safe, to keep you calm and to keep you from causing yourself more harm! It's the role you made for me."
"Yeah, I had heard of him though, we all did, The Sniper. We all had respect for him...what happened?"
"I'll try." John finally answered turning to Sherlock as Sherlock looked up causing their lips to brush and a smile turning up both their lips.
As Sherlock is freed he spins rolling his shoulders. John knows Sherlock has a thousand and one things he wanted to say, to shout but he holds himself back, something John is silently proud of
“It’s okay, I have you.” John took in a breath, Sherlock’s scent strong, but he needed to keep he’s doctors head on. “Where?”
John paused on the threshold a million thoughts going through his head, a million senior’s going through his mind when something pushed against his side causing him to move away with a hiss.
“Very well.” Mycroft says with a nod. “I will see to it done, by the end of the day, Austin Carver will no longer exist.”
"Yes. We cannot keep him on the high dosage he is on now, it will start to have very adverse effects on his organs."
"How..." John asked as he shook his head. "Dont answer, you always know things before I voice them."
"Won't they come after us?" She whispered, as though afraid just thinking about those that held them would call them to the room.
The room became still as all life left it, the water within the pool like glass. The still didn’t last long. The water started to ripple, moving as though disturbed from below, as though a large fish had swum close to the surface. The ripples increased until the water itself seemed to become solid forming a pseudopod as big and as round as a man’s body. It moves as fluidly as water should, moving as though it was looking around until it begins to stretch forward, moving around the room until it heads towards the door Molly had just left through. As it moves it sense movement and stops as Molly walks pass the end of the corridor not seeing with odd water shape as she enters the sleeping quarters.
As the rig crew appear, all on high alert, all taking in Sherlock pushed against the wall the room fills with tension as everyone gets ready to fight.
“I won’t back down on this John. What I saw was real and if it means you need to believe that I am high then so be it.”
Silence took over the room once again, the sound of sipping the only thing heard until Sherlock finally spoke.
"Yes, you have heard of them?" Mycroft raised an eyebrow, something John came to realise was Mycroft's way of expressing his surprise.
“I will rip your twisted black little heart from your chest.” John hissed, his blue eyes like steel.
The sirens where blaring and John could see the blue lights flashing, so whoever was in the way really was an idiot.
"I would have because what you feel is a twin to how I feel about you. I have loved you for so long, have tried to protect you in any way I could. I would have jumped either way that day, even without the safe landing."
"John." He whispered as the world suddenly shifted and John stood before him, the patio door open, a knife in his hand.
Greg stumbles as he tried to keep upright as he shouts orders to his men, or at least tries to as waves hit the Explorer and the wind throws the ship about as though it was a ragdoll.
Turning his head on his arms but allowing the hand to continue stroking through his hair he looked at Sherlock with sleep blurry eyes.
"Leave." Sherlock repeated. "Make me do all that, all of what I did to you, but please dont make me leave."
"You just work this out now? Three weeks of staying with a man I don’t even know and you only just come to the realisation that I am ridiculous. Seriously Sherlock I thought you were a genius or something, but now I'm not so sure."
“Take the first watch in sonar. Molly, you handle the exterior surveillance. Sally, see you can get that transmitter working for me, okay?”
"You are human, you stayed with the person you care about, no one can ask more of you. If you had left him, even for a minute we might not be stood here right now."
This was one of the times that Sherlock was gone, leaving John to stand in front of the door and wait.
In the moonpool, what is left of the snake rears back like an injured animal, turning on Coffey before retreating back and disappearing into the water with a large splash.
"You can have one more." John passed the pop back to Maddie who dipped it in the water and handed it back to John. "Here." John held the pop up and Sherlock opened his mouth, again closing his eyes as John placed it in his mouth and he sucked it dry.
“Ah…what about him?” John asked pointing up at the boy in the tree. Molly frowned, as did the others before turning to look up at the boy in the tree.
John lowered his eyes and moved away from the group as they started to talk, Sherlock staying quiet as they all made a guess to what the light in the picture could be.
"Because it is not ever day you get an offer such as what you have asked every day." She answered honestly.
Leaning against the wall, next to the crack he listened as the voices started to talk amongst themselves and then slowly started to fade till he was once again completely alone.
“When this is over I plan on so much more.” John whispered and place a gentle kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s lips.
"John just saved my brother's life, it was their first date, or so I'm led to believe. So John Watson will be give the same consideration as me and any other member of my family."
Allowing John to lead them out of the bathroom and into their bedroom he tried to keep himself in the present.
“Damn it!” Sherlock cursed, dropping the cigarette when it burnt his fingers. He glared at the offending object, finally crushing it beneath his shoe. When he focused again on the scene across the street, the man stared back at him while his companion continued to talk.
“Last time you said that you kissed me.” John’s eyes widened, his hand slowly moving from Sherlock’s chest.
Turning he went to ask what was wrong when he noticed that Sherlock was still very much asleep and that he was also locked in nightmare. His face was creased up, his fist clenched and his breathing harsh.
"Easy Mr Holmes." She tried to reassure with a hand to his arm. "John is in a very unstable state. He has shut himself so far down that his reactions are that of someone only willing to protect themsleves."
Sherlock froze, he knew it was crucial they did this, that they shared this, but he was terrified. To relive what he had gone through was something he never thought he would have to do, even though his brain loved to play things out for him at the most of inconvenient of times.
"So you have spoken about sexual acts that the both of you are comfortable with?" Cathy asked looking to John then to Sherlock who had found himself heating up at the line of questioning.
Molly smiles as she stands and leaves the room, heading towards the loo’s. As she makes her way through the cold halls she freezes as she hears a loud racheting sound echoing from the sub bay. Licking her lips she looks back then forward again, gathering her courage and heading towards the moonpool. As she moves she keeps her back to the wall until she is by the sub bay door. Taking in a shallow breath she slowly lets it out then looks around the doorframe.
Sherlock stood stunned as they pulled John away. He had seen the dark intent in John's eyes just as he had lifted his free hand, he knew John had intended to harm, to at the very least break Sherlock’s arm. As John fell unconscious and the orderlies took him from the canteen Sherlock spun to face Cathy, notat all caring about the others now watching him as they all lost intrest in their food.
Breathing steadily through his nose, he just watches as the two men dealing with Sherlock wrapped black nylon rope around his ankles and wrists then lift his arms over his head so that he is totally stretched out on the floor.
“Okay Sherlock, if you can hear me, I’m right here.” He got no response. Cursing he moved to kneel right in front of Sherlock, his hands gently resting on Sherlock’s knees. Two things could happen when Sherlock finally woke. One he would pass out; this would be the preferred option. Or two he was going to lose himself to the pain, and that was not something John wanted to happen, not again.
They stared at each other for the longest time, even as the guy with the black eyes turned to Sherlock and using the IV port injected something into the tall detective.
"Yes. Talking with me and between yourselves is the best thing to do in situations like this. I want one on one sessions with you both as well as talking together. I also want sessions were I'm there but it will be just the two of you talking."
Mycroft had returned to the hospital after being informed about Sherlock waking and then being promptly sedated. John had been holding onto Sherlock’s hand, his body pressed up to the side of Sherlock’s body and his face pushed up against the side of Sherlock’s face.
“No.” Coffey replies, taking his cap off and running his fingers through his hair. The two men stare at each other, John holding back, not wanting to say anything out of line, they had both lost men, but John made sure that Coffey knew he blamed him.
“Why? Because if we don’t prove that what is down there isn’t Russian then Coffey will do something.”
Sherlock stood with his hand out, reaching for the door handle, but he froze, finding himself unable to touch, to open the door.
John stood at the back folding his arms across his chest, part of him knowing that Sherlock had moved to the other side of the room to watch the news broadcast.
The smile left his lips, his blue eyes going from sparkling waters to dull swamp. His grip on Sherlock lessened and then he let go entirely, shifting ever so slightly away from him.
Happy with his progress he moved onto the next bolt and started as he had done before, but this time having learnt from the first he went faster, where the first took nearly two hours, the second was done in an hour. He was just moving onto the third when a scream ripped through the quiet room.
Letting out a breath John sags and closes his eyes with a smile, while the others in the room cheer.
Standing he moved himself around Sherlock’s IV’S before lowering the side of the bed and then gently moving to lay next to Sherlock’s long frame. Getting himself as comfortable as possible he led his head down next to Sherlock’s, his forehead resting against soft curls. He let himself relax before his eyes closed and within minutes he fell asleep.
"He's worse than you. He only sat down to read his paper fifteen minutes ago. He's been talking to his brother for the rest of the time."
“In a sense, yes. But he wanted his brother’s new friend, his new protector to be safe. He pulled a lot of strings that night.”
"Look, it's three AM. These guys are running on bad coffee and four hours’ sleep. You better start cutting them some slack."
“Sherlock.” John had water, how did John have water? Sherlock wondered even as John tilted the bottle of water allowing it to dribble over his dry lips and soothing his aching throat. “Easy, take it easy ‘lock.”
She led for a while just enjoying the peace but soon her body demanded she move, which would undoubtedly lead to waking the two of them up.
Ari started to move her hand again, this time moving it in rhythm to John, up as he pulled out, down as he pushed in and before long Sherlock was an incoherent buddle of nerves. Ari knew that giant mind of his had finally switched off, all that was left was pure physical being, of knowing nothing other than pleasure and she loved knowing she was apart of it.
However if it hadn't been for AlwaysJohn I think I would not have gotten here at all. So thank you AJ you have been a huge help, a great motivator so this story is for you.
“I have Moriarty tied up, I need him to tell me how to help Sherlock.” Greg’s eyes widened slightly.
Sherlock looked back to John then as though he could feel the need rolling off him, the need to do something, anything.
"It's fine. I'm fine." John tried to reassure, but then Sherlock took in Maddie, the bandage on her face, the state of her clothing, he also looked about the room.
“I will not let them hurt you!” John’s voice was harsh but his body relaxed as long fingers threaded through his hair. “I will not let them do anything to you, I will rip them apart before they get to you again.”
"Your body has gone through a wildly traumatic thing, it is healing, slowly, because I cannot give you everything you need. You should be on IV fluids, antibiotics, you also should have had at least two blood transfusions but you have only had one. Your body is weak Sherlock, there is no surprise that your brain is suffering, it is an organ, just like your heart." John's hand moved to Sherlock’s chest placing it over his heart. "Which is working hard to keep your depleted blood supply pumping around your body. But that depleted blood is helping to clot and heal all your wounds and so it is becoming more depleted, so your body is busy making more. So for now something has to give and that is your higher brain functions, the functions that enable you to think at super speed and to access every known fact saved within its hard drive."
Today they had hardly spoken, today had not been a good day. Today Sherlock felt like running for the first time since agreeing to stay. Dropping the cigarette he stood on it, putting it out then lit another. Today really was a bad day.
John smiled brightly. Reaching out he ran his hands up Sherlock’s arms before leaning his head up and gently placing a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
It wasnt until the morning that John realise he had touch Sherlock and hadn't felt the need to shower or even wash his hands. He woke with this thought and spent a few minutes staring at his hand, waiting for the panic and unreasonable thoughts to set in. But after nearly fifteen minutes of waiting with nothing happening he pushed the covers from himself and just stared his morning routine.
Greg stumbles out of the door twenty minutes later, the scream that follows him finally causing him to empty his stomach. With one hand pressed against a wall he closes his eyes and just breaths in deeply trying to clear his mind and calm his stomach.
“Ah, well that explains a lot.” Coffey says before walking around both Sherlock and John to exit the room.
Once inside he went straight to Sherlock, back in the area he had been in before with all wires and tubes back in place.
Sherlock’s breathing became erratic and then alarms started to sound as his heart rate accelerated and his oxygen intake decreased.
"They have taken him back down, no time to let you know before hand sorry." John stopped half way down the hall and lent against the wall enabling him to look outside for the first time in hours. The sun was just coming up and it lit the sky in oranges and yellows.
Standing John placed one of the guns down the back of his trousers and slowly made his way through the small maze of machines till he came out facing MaCormick and the last two of his goons.
"I love you. I love you. I love you." He whispered slowly into curls so soft and smelling so damn good he couldn't help but smile through his tears. "I love you so damn much, don't leave me,  not ever. Take me with you no matter what, because I will protect you, I will help you, I will heal you...always."
"Some of what we need to give him to ease the pain, even while in the coma can become addictive. Of course when he wakes we can modify what he has, cater to what works best for him. The main problem though is keeping him under, the normal dosage may not be enough for him, his tolerance will be higher than those without his pass usage history and so we need to find the right balance."
"No, but no point worrying about it right now." The man continued to look at him a smile on his face and Sherlock deemed then and there not to trust whatever he was. He may be there to help Sherlock but something seemed off about him.
"Did you know I fell in love with John straight away. I loved him so deeply that I couldn't stand him going on dates but I let him, I just sometimes broke them up early." He sighed, his arms wrapping themselves around himself. "I wanted him... I wanted him to be...he would have been..."
Leaving her office she followed after the already running Orderlies as they head in to the apartment and searched for John. Cathy walked to the bedroom, her eyes falling on the pile of clothes on the bed then to John spread out on the floor.
Of course it was the son, cut off from his vast trust fund, in debt from gambling and drugs, took the necklace with the intent to sell it for the highest bid. So a four, but they had enough money to pay the rent for at least the next two years.
It took ten minutes for the first responder (a paramedic) to arrive, another ten for the police with Lastrade leading way.
"Can i have one?" He asks opening his eyes to find John looking rather intently at his lip's which in turn caused Sherlock to smile. "Let me have one and you can steal another kiss."
“Mycroft we will both not lower each other to not knowing who we are, what exactly we are both capable of. We both know I did that, that I…” John laughed slightly. “Sherlock doesn’t even know, so well trained that I can keep it from the most observant man in the world. He has no idea what I have done, what I am capable of.”
"I know." Walking around the bed he grabbed an empty coffee cup he had finished a few hours before, before heading to the door. "Do you want anything?" He asked the elder Holmes, his tone softer.
Lestrade had been kept back in the warehouse so when the doors to the ambulance closed he found himself alone with one of the paramedics.
Sherlock was chained up by the wrists, his hand high above his head, with his feet only just touching the ground.
"Sherlock." He said instantly his had reaching for Sherlock’s hand, no his wrist. His fingers wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist allowing him to find the pulse point and holding himself still as he counted.
“Right, lean back as much as possible I need to see what I’m dealing with.” John ordered, holding the towel as Sherlock moved then removing it to look at what was done.
The hand in his hair stopped causing John to reopen his eyes. Sherlock was looking up at the ceiling, towards one of the hidden cameras.
"I know you dont like to be touched. So I apologise. But I didn't want you to hurt yourself." Sherlock slumped back in his chair. He looked tired, his emotions still on show though he had been able to cover most of them.
"Okay...oh fuck!" John arched of the bed as Sherlock picked up his pace and then they were kissing once again as they continued to rut against each other.
"Oh now that is something special." A Marine, named Monk, said coming up next to Molly taking the canister and opening it. "Fluid breathing system. We just got them. We use it if we need to go really deep."
Damn this chapter was hard to write, a lot of the dialogue had to change due to this being John and Sherlock, but I hope it comes across well.
Leaning so he could rest his head against the top of Sherlock’s John just soaked in having Sherlock with him a feeling he had been waiting so long to have.
"John I will only say this once. You are never to thank me. You saved Sherlock, you made sure he got what he needs once he was here, you looked after him when I could not. You deserve to be with him, to see him because without you, as you already said, he would be dead." Mycroft looked down at John as the doors opened. "I will be thanking you for the rest of my life John."
Dimmock backed up as much as he could, trying not to look at the floating body but unable to look at anything else.
The last couple of weeks Sherlock had seemed calmer, he hadn’t had any more flash backs in that time and as far as John was aware this was the first nightmare.
Licking his lips, he returned his attention back to John. The doctor had been through a lot since Sherlock last registered seeing him, he however just couldn’t connect everything, couldn’t deduce what it was exactly John had done.
Just thought I would put that, yes I know John is very OOC in this. I normally have John as the strong one of the two, not so much in this. So bare with, because this is going to be a journey for both our men and it wont be easy x x
The bandages came off easily, layer by layer the nurse removed the white fabric. This would be the first time he got to see the wound. He had been told about it, could feel it, but had never seen it.
"You dont want to know." John hissed as Sherlock moved his hands from the back of the chair to run over John’s shoulders then down to rest on his shirt clad chest.
“I want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras. We need early warning if the Soviet craft try another incursion.” Coffey orders as he looks around the hall. His men stand just behind him with the rig crew sat around in a group, though Sherlock stood apart, arms crossed and rolling his eyes as the marine commander spoke.
Before he took his shirt off however Sherlock paused as he went to free his arms of the wet material. He knew John had seen his back the other night, but it was dark and they were both in a rather bad place, not that they weren't in a bad place now, but then had been worse, or so he thought.
"Brilliant. Right gentleman I will leave you to your evening. Talking if you want, but I recommend silence as well, just enjoy each others presence for a time." She smiled as she stood, the two men also standing and then John followed her to the door to see her out.
John closed his eyes, his mind running over the information in the file Mycroft had given him. The doctor in him rebelled, just as he knew it would be doing in doctor Ansari but he need to look at this from another angle. He was technically classed as a family member, he should listen to what the doctor needs to say and go from there.
"Like I've been in an explosion." Sherlock said letting his head fall back onto the arm of the sofa, the sofa that belonged in his flat yet was in his parents living room.
John hummed, leaning his head down to rest atop of Sherlock’s. "Let them in. I'll go have a shower."
Running through everything they had spoken about he tried to work out where they were. John had said they where in England, just outside of London. Why? Why were they not at home? Looking about he took in the bedroom. It was well furnished, comfortable and stylish, but it wasn't lived in, it wasn't owned by anyone, it looked more like a hotel than a home. But then there was the living room, the kitchen the other people. He stopped in the others he had seen, the two men dressed in pale blue scrubs, the woman, dressed in a comfortable trouser suit. They all wore badges, all looked concerned and not at all afraid as Sherlock welded a knife at them. The badges, what was on the badges? Names; Cathy, Mark, Steven.
"I would love nothing more than to stay here holding you John. But unfortunately my body is telling me I need to get up, and soon, really soon."
“The place he wishes to send you won’t allow it.” Sherlock pushed gently at John’s shoulder so the older man pulled back slightly and looked down at him. “The drug…”
“Come on Jim, it was only one hit, and you don’t have broken bones, cuts and a gunshot wound to contend with.”
“Hold!” Greg shouted as blue eyes went from cold hard steel to soft tired and thankful. The gun lowered as John took a step back, letting out a breath and sliding down the wall as his back met.
“John!” A voice shouted suddenly causing the four children to look down the stream where a tall blond hair girl, a few years older than them was stood looking towards them.
"I know, an army doctor is not someone to put themselves first. But there is more. John has just told me he feels as though he has succeeded in killing himself. He feels dead, he has no need for anything, he has no need to eat or drink, he can not even feel the pain of his wrists. I worry for him now because if what I have seen today is correct then John will just let himself waste away."
"Its okay." John lifted his free hand, placing it on Sherlock's cheek. "I have you. You're safe and I have you."
Once inside the flat, John dropped the bag beside the door and glanced around the sitting room, but Sherlock couldn’t care about the mess left from the morning, or the current experiment on the kitchen table. He just needed to lie down.
Sherlock’s hands found their way onto John, one holding the back of his neck the other across his shoulders, holding John to him as if his life depend on it.
“Sherlock come here.” John said as he reached out to the man slowly curling up into himself as he started to feel every last injury already upon his body as though they were being inflicted upon him for the first time. “Sherlock… Sherlock please, come here.”
“Hurry up! Coffey's splitting with Flatbed! He got me to show him the controls, then his guys suited up and they're rolling!”
“It was alright for a while, you know.” John lent back, looking at Sally as she turned to look at him. “But then he got promoted to project engineer on this thing.” John waved his hand about indicating the rig.
"Going over the wall. Coming to bearing 065. Everybody stay tight and in sight." He orders as the darkness from the abyss engulfs them.
"Just breathe. When you're ready for the next part just let me know." John had hold of Sherlock’s arms, his grip light yet reassuring as Sherlock concentrated on his breathing.
That had been far harder than he thought it would be, watching John react the way he had to just the knowlage that he had been touched was heartbreaking, but John had tried, he was honest and he opened up.
"I needed to see if he had regressed at all with it being just the two of you for so long. It would seem he has and for that I can only apologise. I should have kept up his therapy on that. But things progressed far to quickly with the two of you and unfortunately his haphephobia got put on the back burner."
"We don’t have to talk right now, you showed me and answered my first question. That is enough, but I will listen when you want to tell me more."
Sometime while he had been out his shirt had been cut from him leaving him topless. The area he had been shot was heavily gauzed but already blood could be seen bleeding through.
Sherlock’s legs gave out. He has been awake for the last three day, the last twenty-four had been hell as he returned to London, his fear for John overriding everything.
Sherlock frowned. He knew that voice, the command in it's tone, the fear, he knew it well. Yet the face, the body was wrong.
John's face changed instantly and he slowly stood, making sure to cover what he had pulled out of Sherlock’s pocket with his foot.
Reaching out, he foolishly grabs the mechanical door, his instincts willing to try anything to save himself, even if it meant he would lose his fingers. However, as the door closes it stops dead, his wedding ring holding the door open, stopping it from locking. The water around him rises, the gap only allowing a small amount to clear through it, not enough to stop him from drowning, but at least he could shout.
As they made their way through the deserted halls John continued to struggle, but he also looked around, taking in everything as they made their way from what must have been the fourth floor down to the second.
"John." The woman stood, she slowly made her way over to him, but never got too close. He had a protective distance he liked others to stay out, she knew this, she respected this, had she told Sherlock though? Had she told how he hated to be touched? How he hated anyone to be too close? How he hated to be stared at? Had she told the man that would be entering this room in minutes how he hated all of it?
"You need to rest, I get that. But please don't stay asleep for too long." Letting go of the curls he pulled up a chair and led his hand over Sherlock’s longer, much paler hand wanting to have just a small amount of contact between them.
Fisting his hand’s, he opened his eyes, the urge to lean down and brush his lips over Sherlock’s temple so strong that he gave in after only a few seconds. Placing a hand back on to the soft curls he lent down and just breathed in the sent coming from the man, a combination of hospital issue soap, antiseptic and something so unique he was sure it had to be Sherlock’s own sent. Smiling slightly, he placed a gentle kiss to warm skin and just allowed himself to stay there, breathing Sherlock in and allowing himself to reassure his racing heart and evil mind, to know that Sherlock was alive, that he was in safe hands, but most of all to know that he, John, had him.
When he woke it was to light fall breaking through the curtins. He felt warm, safe, and though it had only been a few hours he felt better.
Seven divers ride the back of Flatbed like workers on the way to the fields. John and his civilian crew, Dimmock, and Steven, sit across from the marines.
So this is a super short chapter, but it can not be any longer as the next two, possibly three chapters will be rather long. So enjoy, and I hope you all stick with me till the end.
"I haven't been outside at night since Christmas. I wanted to see the stars." John said after a while. They had walked away from the lights of the house, and because the hospital was set in acres of land they found the night sky to be so much clear than what they would get in London.
John paused at this, his eyes going to the door. His heart was beating wildly in his chest and all a sudden he just couldn't.
Taking another drag, he turned his attention to the people milling about on the dark street, some shopping, others meeting up for a night out or going on a date. During his last break of the evening, all of them walked past him as though he were invisible.
"Is this okay?" John asked as he rotated his hips, his hardening arousal brushing against Sherlock’s.
“Don’t worry your tiny little brain Doctor Watson, I’m sure you will enjoy the show, after all you will have the best seats in the house.” James came right up to him then and patted his cheek lightly. “You have it easy, Sherlock on the other hand, I am very much looking forward to making him scream.”
The room fell quiet for a minute causing Sherlock to look about catching Coffey’s arms moving slowly as they hid under the table.
Now dressed in faded blue jeans and a dark blue jumper, under which he wore a simple white shirt, he felt cleaner, refreshed, but his heart continued to beat fast and hard as every time he closed his eyes or thought too hard he was either seeing or thinking about Sherlock. He needed to get back, to go and sit and wait while people he was sure he knew tried to save the life of a man he hardly knew and yet was now so ingrained upon him that he just couldn't stay away, not until he knew that he was okay, not until he gave thing's the chance they both seemed to know they deserved.
As he entered the bay John was greeted by the sight of Flatbed descending into the water with Coffey driving and his three Marines clinging to the side.
Shaking his head as he tested the doors one more time, then pocketing the keys, he recalled the work day now past. The shift had gone slowly, especially the last few hours when the crowd died down. By then, only a few couples on dates, or the lone Uni student, hoping to stay awake, walked through the doors. At least it gave Molly and him the chance to sneak in a few hours of study for themselves before tidying up and prepping for the next day.
"Back off Watson." Moran had walked with the others and using his rifle he pushed John back by pressing the barrel against the front of John’s neck. John fought it, he held on until the pain became too much and his breathing was compromising, his body betraying him, causing him to pull back and let go of Sherlock.
“Not like this.” John whispered, but he lent down, his lips brushing at Sherlock’s cheek, running over the sharpness of it, shivering at the feel of warm skin, before he moves closer to Sherlock’s ear. “Not like this my love, I want our first kiss to be remembered, to be mutual, to be ours. If I kissed you now it would be his, would belong to him and I won’t have that.”
The journey was short, but it was rough on John's injuries. Ever bump and pot hole they went over he could clear feel as it jolted his side and arm. So by the time they got to their destination, not only had his pain level gone up so had his anger.
"Not this time." Sherlock confessed softly, something John knew was hard for him to admit. Something had happened and Sherlock had no way of predicting it of stopping it and that was something Sherlock will never easily admit to.
"I pinned his wrist to a door." John said without missing a beat. "We where...having fun, I lost myself and over stepped."
It was Sherlock’s time to still. This he hadnt been told, he had thought sleeping pills, painkillers, not class A drugs.
Sherlock stays still, his eyes cataloguing everything, listing everything, its length, its bulk, its circumference, everything and then the things does the most unlikely thing. The head of it ripples then settles, giving Sherlock a perfect image of his own face.
“And you? No…well then, I guess we have a breakthrough.” Sherlock smirks as he catches John’s look of warning.
Raising the belt again he blinked as it came down and watched as the darkness was replaced by light and he saw as the buckle cut through flesh of Morans head, rendering the man unconscious. Fasanated he made a note to ask Molly to help him study whipping techniques and to look into the marks left behind using diffrent objects.
Once done she gave herself once over in the mirror, thanking her foresight in minimal makeup, and running her fingers through her hair to tame the curls before heading into the living room to find her dress.
Waking for John was never an easy thing. The body became stiff in the night, meaning when he woke it could take a few minutes to stretch out his shoulder, his damn leg, his back, his neck. No waking was never a pleasant experience and since Sherlock’s fall it had only gotten worse because now it normally included a hangover.
"My...” Sherlock sighed and took a few breaths before starting again. “I can't think John. My mind has rebelled and I cannot think!"
Gently, John found himself running his fingers through tangled curls, brushing through them with a care as Sherlock just held on.
“John…” A breathy whisper left Sherlock’s lips causing John to faulted in his breathing but he answered.
“Look in the top right.” Mycroft instructed and John tore his eyes away from himself and Sherlock just as the first paramedic crew came on board.
Sherlock was sat with his head lowered, tea still steaming in his hands, he hadn't even taken a sip of it yet.
"John, you are Bi but have yet to sleep with a man, correct?" She saw his angry gaze up at Sherlock but she put a hand to his face and drew his eyes back to her. "Correct?"
Closing his eyes Sherlock tightened his grip on the man’s hand, hoping to translate that to his real hand.
"Its okay. You did the best you can." The paramedic offered a reasurring smile. "As first dates go, that's all you can do."
Finding John sat in a corner, his eyes staring out of the nearby window she slowly weaved her way through tables and people apologising as she went. Reaching John, she smiled slightly as he turned to look up at her and blinked a few times before launching to his feet.
John was given a whole week off school when they moved into their new home, a week to explore, to get a feel for the place that he would have his first birthday party at, the place he would have his first sleepover, the place he would have his first ever friend over for tea.
John smiled, though he was unsure why, all he knew was that Sherlock remembered him somehow. Something had just triggered a memory and it was obvious by how Sherlock squeezed John’s hand harder while at the same time allowing the back of his index finger to run over John’s lips.
"Good luck Watson...oh and Watson, I did try to stop him." Greg said, his voice sad and angry at the same time.
Maddie shook her head again and moved closer to Sherlock, who had his eyes closed but John knew he was listening.
The shower had been refreshing and as he shaved away his months old beard he really couldn't belive how much he had changed. It had been so long since he had been able to really look at himself, the last had been over a year ago, when he had to sew up a cut on his forehead. Since then he had recived a few more cuts but most were superficial and had healed without aid, some were a little deeper and had caused scaring. He also looked thinner, his normally pale skin more grey than anything, but that he put down to stress and tiredness. As for his hair, it was longer than he liked, but after a good wash he had been able to tame it a little.
"Fuck." He hissed then just kicked out pushing the table he had ate at that morning across the room. "Fuck!"
Being cold however had the opposite effect, it made him feel lost, alone and once cold he found it hard to get warm.
Outside the mess hall Coffey growls as the chatter within picks up again, everyone laughing at something said. Shaking he fists his hands and looks to comrade.
Sherlock suddenly laughed throwing his hands up in the air before pulling up his sleeves to show off his arms. John frowned then grabbed Sherlock’s wrists to stop him.
The smile left Sherlock’s lips his hand lifting to touch John’s temple. Your mind is doing the same."
He paused watching Greg carefully, reading his face, his reactions. “Mycroft Holmes knows exactly who I am, what I am capable of. The first time I met him he basically had me cleared of all past mistakes, faked a lot of my background, officially had Harry made my sister, issued me a firearm, begged me to look after Sherlock, even offered me payment, I refused that. But I took my role as Sherlock’s protector seriously.” John looked to the door they stood at his face hardening once again.
“Just, leave him, he knows now what he is up against with you and I think as long as you both stay clear of each other then it would be best for all involved.”
"Yeah, that is probably a good idea. I don't live far from here so I guess going home to shower and change wouldn't be a bad thing."
“Mycroft will come, he will, and so will Lestrade, they will come and they will get us out of this.” John tried to reassure, but even to himself he sounded unconvincing.
"Thank you. I'm off to grab a coffee and possibly some food, but I will let you know what is happening as soon as I know."
So two hours after arriving at the hospital they finally walked through the black door to their home.
Sherlock stared, he took in the man before him, the hair more grey than blond, his skin paler, his body thinner. He looked like the John he had left but at the same time he looked so diffrent, he looked...lost.
“Hi.” John said softly as he slowly let go of Sherlock’s wrist and slowly lowered the other hand with Sherlock’s fist still clenched with it.
"This is, no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever seen." Mike says watching Molly as she fusses over the rat.
"Then let's make it into one." Sherlocks voice came from behind John, his arms coming up to embrace them both. "We want you Ari, all of you, always."
"Your brother caused untold damaged to a man who was strong, independent and a fighter as well as a carer. Yet John has been able to move pass all that. He now wants to be able to help Sherlock in any way possible. I don't know what happened here, what set John off, but it happened and Sherlock saught help even though his mind is playing horrible tricks on him. That is an impressive feat for someone in Sherlock’s position. He then saught to save John pain, even begged for it to happen to him and you think separating them would be the best course of action?"
When he had woken everything had been perfect, blissfully perfect. He was happy, he was relaxed, but he started to panic as soon as everything came back to him.
Looking down at Sherlock who had stilled once again with his hands on John's hips, his head tilted back to look up at John. His eyes were wide, fully dilated, his lips slightly wet from licking them and as John watched Sherlock slowly ran his tongue over his lower lip.
John sighed as he lent his head against Sherlock’s chest, his own arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s waist.
"Most of the day." John stood, picking up a cup of ice chips, pulling one out and running it gently over Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock sighed, letting his eyes close and savouring the feel of cold water. Opening his mouth slightly he let a few drops land on his tongue before running it over the top of his dry mouth.
As the water moves back through the rig, Sherlock moves with it until turning off and heading up a ladder that led towards Coffey’s room. When they reached the room the water was already there, its head scanning the warhead.
But it was the storage equipment they had brought with them that caught his interest so thoroughly. Reaching forward he went to examine it more closely when a hand grabbed his wrist.
“Oh please, I worked that out the moment Sherlock stopped what he was saying and looked over at you. But remember, Mycroft showed up that night.”
“We have to get warning to the surface.” Coffey mutters as he pulls free a short-barrelled assault rifle. “Do you know what that means?” Schoenick doesn’t answer just watches as Coffey loads the weapon and then tosses the rifle to Schoenick
"No, you can't be. This is just my mind playing tricks, always playing tricks. I'm still strung up, they have me chained, waiting for the next beating for the next...I welcome the beating."
"Yeah...oh shit!" John looked across the dark cab to where he had left the woman trying to pick her out amongst the debris.
"Curiosity and all that." The lead marine said, Russell or Crofton or something, he never was good with useless names, but as he looked at the man and really just allowed himself to read everything he made a point to learn his name and not forget it. Something about him already read as dangerous to Sherlock but at the moment he couldn't work out why.
Sherlock felt his heart stutter at those words, John had planned to die, he had planned his suicide.
Within the rig the sounds of the cord hitting the hull rings out with loud thuds and with the crane moving ever closer the pinging on the radar becomes faster and faster.
"Of course he knew Sherlock." John said before Sherlock could even form a coherent sentence. "He kept a lot of my file...no, no he didn't keep it from you. He gave you a fake, a cover up file."
"You were mourning John, your thought process not right. You can be forgiven for not realising. As for me, I was stupid. But I couldn't risk them knowing or finding out because they would have gotten to you before I could have."
“Okay, this might pull a little, your wound is clean but it still weeping slightly.” John warned as he started to take off the last layer.
Looking behind him, he sees the enraptured look on John’s face that was perfectly mirrored in the waters.
Jim slowly undid his jacket pulling it from his arms and throwing it Christen, he then undid his shirt cuffs and rolled the sleeves up his arms.
"I need to leave...I need...oh god." His breathing changed, becoming erratic and hard, his chest changed from full to empty and he could feel the panic building. Leaning forward as the room spun he placed his hands on his knees and just stayed that way. Static noise filled his ears as his eyes blurred but through it all he found he could still hear Sherlock. Sherlock who was talking softly, who was trying his hardest to help, to reasure, to do anything to help John through what was currently happening.
The living water moved further into the room, passing Sherlock as it continued to scan about, its movement through the air however caused Sherlock to look up, the apparition now right next to him.
"Most...just-" Blood suddenly bubbled on the man's lips and John just brushed his thumb over it, brushing it away, but when the man started to talk again John saw his mouth was full of it. "They just...tell me to...piss off."
John kissed him then and though his mind drew a blank against all the other kisses before this he knew this wasn't the first because his body remember, his lips remembered and they moved with John's, danced with John's until he couldn't take anymore and so pulled back to breath.
John flinched, he was still over five feet away from Sherlock, yet just the invitation to touch shook him.
Sherlock woke violently, he lashed out his fist clenching as he clearly went to strike John, but John was quicker, catching the first in his hand as he grabbed Sherlock’s other wrist and pinned It to the bed.
The whole time they just stared at each other, John just taking in the man before him, taking in the fact that Sherlock was in front of him and he wasn’t about to just disappear.
John glared before leaving his chair and making his way down to the compression room, where Mike was already talking to the newcomers.
"John!" Mycroft grabbed the army doctors hand, pulling it from Sherlock’s stomach just as several alarms sound but went silent before anyone could get to them.
"I know that, but still...I let her die to save him." He turned to the doctor. "He is never to know that."
John never leaves, he is there each and every time he opens his eyes. John had become his clock, his time reference, he knew if time had passed between him closing and opening his eyes simply by how John looked.
"Dizzy." Sherlock gets out as his hands find John's waist, his fingers tightening around the fabric of John's shirt.
"I was already dead John." Sherlock took a few steps closer but John spun and took steps back, to which Sherlock stopped and raised his hands. "I wont touch, John, not until you are ready. Please trust me."
"I know." John choked causing Sherlock to look up and then he was out of John's arms and sitting at the end of the bed.
Minutes started to pass, turning slowly, painfully into hours, each second a reminder that they still hadn't found Sherlock.
As he tried to breath though it all he wished he could push John away, yet John was the one keeping him grounded, stopping the panic from totally over taking. But then John was the reason, the cause.
"You were a surgeon." Mycroft suddenly said as he lowered his phone, the device only being lowered twice before since John had arrived.
"Does he know about me?" John asked causing Sherlock to frown. "Does he know we are here? That I am, for all intents and purposes, sectioned under the mental health act?"
Sitting on the ground, John gulps in air then looks down at the ring of metal on his left hand, the ring he should have thrown month ago, yet he couldn’t bring himself to do. Kissing the band he looks at Mike and Anderson before standing and heading back to the control room.
John sat where he had been standing all day, he had watched the sun set, watched the lights from the nearby town switched on, as the stars started to appear one by one. He had watched it all but he hadn't seen it.
"But look at him now." Slowly John lifts his head to look at Sherlock. The pain was gone from his face, his body relaxed and though he was pale, almost grey in colour, he looked a damn sight better than what he had been like when awake.
"What if there wasn't?" John said with a smile that made Sherlock feel as though the old John was starting to return.
"What's wrong?" He asked meaning to walk to her but Sherlock grabbed his wrist and held him in place. Frowning down at his friend Sherlock simply shrugged and tugged till John sat back down.
Once there they both turned on her, kissing her lips, he neck her chest her stomach as they stripped her of her last bits of clothing.
"I am resting. Coma remember?" Sherlock  glared at the man even as he felt himself becoming all the more tired.
The bullet sent MaCormick flying and he was able to take down one of the others before he was hit on his side causing him to fall to a knee where he fired one last time and the last man fell.
Sally stood then and took Philip’s hand. “Come on.” She said pulling him away then stopping to look at the others. “Are you coming?” She asked looking at each of them.
"Please John, I just need something to suck on." As soon as the words left his mouth his eyes widened as John gasped and took a step back, clearing his throat just as they both blushed
“Yes, it will allow him to feel everything.” Moriarty came round to stand before John before crouching down to look John in the eye. “I will keep him on this for as long as he lives, it will heighten every cut, every hit, every touch, every broken bone. It will probably be the thing to kill him, but it will be fun while it lasts.”
"Lay down." Sherlock instructed, so she did, legs open, looking up at the two of them. Sherlock knelt between her legs, his fingers going to his mouth, as he wet his fingers she moaned lifting her hips, willing and wanting. When he was done, Sherlock found her folds and prodded gently till his finger found her entrence and pushed in. He finger fucked her for a moment before taking them out and laying over her, lining himself up and then pushing deep into her. Arching up to met him she closed her eyes and just allowed the feeling to wash over her.
As he drank he let his mind wonder, working through what had happened and what he had planned with Molly. However, John’s soft snoring from the bunk closest to where Sherlock sat became louder, distracting Sherlock from his thoughts. Turning towards the bunk he reached out and gently touched John’s shoulder.
John smiled, a smile that was cold and not at all what he was used to seeing on the normally controlled and well-mannered man he knew as John Watson.
"Your boyfriend still a little week." Moran said with a smile as John closed the distance and draped Sherlock’s arm around his own shoulder and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist allowing the taller man to lean on him.
"Maybe send your personal stylist if my looks offend you so much." He looks up at his brother a smirk on his face. "But then I dont really like the whole constipated look."
As he walks the corridor from the control, it is slow, as though he carries the whole damn rig on his shoulders. Smoke still fills the air, in places it is thick and he ducks under it as best he can as he continued forward.
"Steven." She whispered pushing the syringe into Stevens hand. He nodded and made his way to Sherlock, administrating the sedative quickly. He then helped Mycroft with moving a now passed out Sherlock onto the bed next to John.
"Yet here I am, telling you I can and will wait. I thought this would never happen John, why would I push for it if it ended up pushing you away." Sherlock’s thumbs moved in small circles on his back, causing him to relax.
"He didn't do it on purpose." Sherlock said as he sat up but sat up, close to John, taking the pictures from his hands. "Moran never asked, he never made it easy and he most definitely never made me feel safe. He took what he wanted when he wanted, how ever he wanted." He stared down at the photos, the images a contrast to the man he knew. In the pictures the man was clean cut, well dressed in a tailored suit and dress coat. He was a far cry from the man with days old stubble, dirt covered jeans and messed up hair that Sherlock remembered. But it was still him and he was surprised it had taken so long to have a reaction to Moran being so close once again.
“No…your brother and that pesky DI have forced my hand, they have cut the time line and I am fed up of watching the two of you acting as though this is easy.” He moved closer to Sherlock his dead eyes holding the clear crystal eyes. “This is not easy.”
Bitting his lower lip he turned and looked to Cathy 's office, the door was open. Making his way over he saw Cathy talking to another patient, but she clocked John instantly.
“John, whatever your former life, your training has helped to get Sherlock free, it stopped further harm and probably saved both your lives.”
“Not bad, the teachers are nice and you should be in the same class as me and Mike. Sally, Greg and Philip are in the year above us.”
"Okay...need...ahh...damn it. Phone, need a phone." Turning he looked at the dead MaCormick a few feet away. Getting up again he went to the dead criminal and searched his pockets, finding a phone in his inside jacket pocket. Pulling it free he made his way back over to his friend and sat next to him.
Around him was all the equipment he had tried, a sledge hammed, a saw, a battering ram that he had seen the police use to get into reinforced doors, there was even explosives and finally behind him was a JCB with a small wrecking ball attached to it, none of it worked. The wall itself was as pristine as when he first came across it, but the other walls bore the scars of the explosive and of the use of the wrecking ball.
When they did break apart, both of the gasping for air, both of them clutching, clinging, holding the other for dear life John found himself with tears streaming down his face.
John woke to the sound of talking and of the kettle boiling. For a while he just led there, the feeling of belonging hitting so hard and fast it took his breath away. It felt like the times he had fallen asleep after a long case and woke to Sherlock either talking to Mr Hudson or Mycroft, or to him just making a tea because he some how knew that John was waking up.
“I have from an hour before the explosion to just after they got you off the train.” Mycroft informed Sherlock as he sat on the only other spare chair in the room, leaving John to sit back on the bed.
“Go to sleep Sherlock.” John suddenly said as he shifted slightly, careful not to jolt Sherlock too much before settling again with his face pressed up against Sherlock’s neck.
"I did, hours back." John was sitting once again, his hand on Sherlock's wrist. "You blacked out again, the pain...you started to become aggressive."
The phone lit up fully once again as an incoming call came through. Picking it up he stared at the number, knowing it belonged to the phone John was using.
"Oh your loyalty is admirable." MaCormick said placing a hand over his heart. "Always the loyal little solider."
“You don’t have to; you don’t have to fight it.” He brings Sherlock’s fingers to his lips, gently kissing them. “You can sleep; you can pass out.”
"Already taken into custody. She will be held in the same facility as Moran with out charge and for as long as I deem fit."
John lent over the back of Sherlock’s chair as he did as his brother instructed. When it go to the last ten minutes the image paused then started up once again.
When Mary returned she placed the toast on the table as well as the new cup of tea, she then pulled out a bottle of water from her pocket and held out a small cup with two tiny pills inside.
"Leviathan, this is Explorer, over." Greg’s voice came over the loud con system as John was on his own while the rest of the crew went about securing the rig. Picking up the mic John hit a switch and replied.
He had found the bomber, but the man had gotten off the train at that last stop, he had planted the bomb on the cab next to his, yet the explosion was that powerful it had reach him. But he couldn’t place the man’s face, his eyes, but he was sure he knew him, sure he had seen him before.
"Yes it is. They took from you and it is perfectly normal to feel anger and loss for what they took."
He could feel it building up inside of him, could feel the pressure as the air built in his chest, could feel the sound he would make, holding itself in his throat waiting for the air from his lungs to propelle it forward and out.
John watched Sherlock as the therapist left, the click of the door closing echoing slightly in the silence.
John smiled. He was slightly different now, his skin more golden, his hair softer looking, his eyes bright and so deep Sherlock thought to lose himself in them.
"Right." John nodded. Turning he walked from the room closing the door behind him and leaving Sherlock alone.
His habits had changed since staying at the hospital, he tended to stay up late and wake early. Cathy had said it was all part of his condition, that patients would go one of two ways, either sleep constantly or hardly sleep at all. So he tended to be up before the sun, so when he walked to the window to find the sun up he frowned.
Listening he heard Sherlock lock the door then pick up two mugs, placing one on the table close to John and sitting down on the only arm chair.
Sherlock dropped his towel closing the gap between them and taking hold of John's hands gently. Looking down at those hands, smaller than his but still so strong, showing his history, his time as a surgeon, as a solider as a drinker. Lifting them he placed kisses on each palm, then over his knuckles before letting go of one hand and undoing the cuff button, then doing the same with the other. Once done he pulled gently at the sleeve of one arm till John pulled his arm free, the process repeated on the last arm. Once the shirt was off Sherlock picked John's hands up again, again kissing the palms, the knuckles before kissing just below each new scar of each wrist.
"Yeah...do you remember?" John asked as he woke up some more, the fog of sleep lifting from his mind yet his body still refused to come back online.
"She is under the same condition as you and Sherlock. No harm is to come to her." Moran's tone was bored, but John believed him.
Behind him he could hear people talking, could here the excitement, could feel the joy as the person they had been searching for reached the little base they had set up.
"I used to sit in the dark, gun fire in the distance and just watch the stars." He lowered his arm and Sherlock looked down to watch him.
Closing his eyes John just lent into Sherlock, allowing the other man to run his hands through his hair, to grip at his clothes, to run his face over John’s, to brush his lips over his jaw, to his neck, till Sherlock rested his head on John's shoulder.
“Sherlock you need to wake up.” John tried, this time gently running his hand through Sherlock’s hair. “You’re okay, you’re safe and I’m right here, but you need to wake up.”
Okay, well ummm this is dark...very dark. Trigger warning for rape, nothing happens but words are said.
It was now hours later, John had eaten alone, as well as gotten through half a bottle of red, after all he wasn’t paying for any of this so he might as well take advantage of it.
John got Sherlock onto his back and just had no choice but to wait until the fit stopped, which it did and John quickly got Sherlock onto his side and once again plugged the wound.
"Heavy." John answered as he snuggled deeper into his pillow, his mind calming as it registered Sherlock as being safe.
The man had returned a while ago. Sherlock had fallen asleep against the wall and when he woke it was to find his head resting on a lap and fingers gently running through his hair, a feeling that was not unwelcome, but he found that he was also feeling it in his physical self.
Normally Sherlock would have nodded his understanding, but he just grunted instead as John manoeuvred him until his arm rested over John’s shoulder. As they approached the stairs, John circled his free arm around Sherlock’s waist.
"You John Watson can never be call pathetic, you had reached a breaking point, one I caused and will be making up for, for the rest of our lives."
The two men pulled the now seemingly unconscious detective away and led him out on his back before they started to strip him.
“You need to go to control and get ready to unhook.” John ordered Anderson who simply nodded and disappeared towards the bridge while he along with Sherlock, Molly and Sally headed to the moon-pool.
When they broke apart, their breathing harsh he slowly opened his eyes to find Sherlock smiling smugly.
"John, we... I mean..." Sherlock sighed as Ari walked around John and took his coat from his shoulders.
“Molly shut up!” Sherlock near enough shouts causing John to turn before he reaches his bunkroom. Grabbing Sherlock he looks to Molly and Mike his looking telling them to get back to work while he pulls Sherlock into the room and closes the door behind them.
"It means he needs to stay awake." This came from the doctor as they got Sherlock’s heart beat going at a steady pace.
"We have a case." John tried instead as Sherlock continued doing what Cathy instructed. "Umm we need to figure out how to catch Moran."
When the train stopped after his stop he moved with those near him making room till someone stood right before him.
The Leviathan had come to a stop. Floating for a moment as Sally stopped towing and the engines had come to a standstill upon the rig itself.
Upon the Explorer the winch man staggers along the railing finding it hard to keep his footing as he is hit by the eighty knot winds. As he reaches the deck he sprits towads the base of the crane holding the umbilical winch just as a wave blasts him into the bulkhead. Shaking water from his hair and eyes he half crawls to the ladder to the winch house and climbes up.
Her first orgasum hit hard, her body arching of the bed as John kept lapping at her, pushing her over so hard she was sure she blacked out for a moment.
"Good." The kiss that followed was so full of emotion, a story of the feelings running through the two men, a tale of everything they had been through and of everything still to come.
"Sherlock...look at me." John loosened his grip and looked down at the man in his arms. Sherlock slowly lifted his head, his eyes already red from silent tears. "I won’t leave. No matter what you tell me I promise I won’t."
"Basically, yes. What they do is they pack the area and then place a plastic sheet over the wound which when on properly forced all the air to be sucked out causing an air tight seal. It looks worse than it is, but under the circumstances I would have done the same." John stood then and placed a hand over Mycroft's, which still gripped the umbrella handle, he then looked to the doctor. "Can we see him?"
He knew Sherlock had cottoned onto the fact that John liked it, asked for it, yet neither of them talked about it, did anything about it.
When John got into his flat he looked down at his hands. He had left his shopping on the pavement, the only thing he had was the tin of rice pudding Sherlock had given him.
Sherlock’s reaction wasn't at all what John expected. One second he was concentrating on what he was doing the next he sharnk back against the cupboards, his eyes wide and filled with more fear than John had seen before.
Sherlock tightened his hand on John thigh, holding the leg up and against him as John canted his hips allowing Sherlock to slip in deeper, a moan leaving John’s lips as Sherlock went completely still.
John suddenly laughed. “No, he wouldn’t, because he is not a killer. He solves murders, helps stop terrorists, saves kidnapped children, and catches serial killers. He is the hero in all the stories, he is the one that saves the innocent. My job however is to save him, to protect him, to do what he cannot.”
They ate in happy silence as New Hope played out on the TV, the meal ending as Han Solo came and shot Vader out of the way allowing Luke to make the shot that blew up the death star.
“Cocaine.” Sherlock answered for them, his eyes widening at the same time that his legs gave out and he fell to the floor.
Cathy sighed as tears formed in John's eyes. She was so close to sending the two of them home, it was right there, on the horizon, but the waters ahead where still rough and uncharted.
Standing he walked to the sofa and fell on it his hands coming together before the tips of his fingers press against his chin.
"Yes. She understands that John never ment for her to find him. We had talked when I had returned and she forgives him for what happened."
John opened his mouth to say something when Molly suddenly appeared, slightly out of breath and rather excited about something.
The room was cold, it was dark, the only light coming from the swinging doors that seemed to be the only way in or out.
“Is that what it feels like? When you are touched? It hurts? As though the touch is like a thousand tiny cuts?” John took in a shuddering breath at Sherlock’s words.
Lestrade felt his heart beating hard and fast, he was a cop, sworn to protect no matter what and before him were two men, one a criminal mastermind, the cause of so much death and pain, the other an agent who was completing his mission; save the man he had sworn to protect.
The light from the overhead lighting caused the strands upon John’s hair to go from golden blond to dull brown whenever he passed under it. His eyes watching as the nurses went about cleaning Sherlock for the first time since the explosion, as well as changing his bandages. When one of the nurses picked up a brush to comb through those tangled curls John stopped and stared. The nurse looked up at that moment and smiled holding the brush out to him.
"No!" John almost shouted watching as Sherlock flinched. "No...I...I  needed that! I wouldn't have lasted," he swollowed hard before continuing. "It helped, it kept apart of you...alive."
John stopped and slowly stretched to his full hight before suddenly diving and heading to the equipment that would be his shield.
“Right, well, Sherlock, I’m John and I’m going to have another look at your head. Can you turn onto your side for me, facing the sofa cushions?”
He was covered in bruising, a possible broken knuckle, but as he flexed his hand he just deemed it as badly bruised. His face was sore but without touching it he was unsure what the damage was. Legs and arms fine if a little sore from strain and the beatings.
They walked the rest of the way to the small courtyard outside the flat in silence, but Sherlock enjoyed the DI's company.
"Sounds like a plan." John said looking about a moment before plugging in the headset and placing the headphones over his ears. "Can you tell me what the hell else is going in Greg? These marines are on fucking tender hooks and the crew are feeling it."
"Copy that." Sherlock continued moving, taking pics as well as cataloguing everything he sees in his mind.
Since the torture Sherlock seemed unbalanced, his thinking was slow, his observations lacking, and he was having trouble accessing his mind palace, something John only picked up a few hours ago when he watched as Sherlock tried to think but only became frustrated as he failed over and over again.
Once they left John pulled out his phone as he made his way into the hallway, the phone having already been dialed  by the time he got there and so was ringing when he just lifted it to his ear.
Waking, Ari found herself half on John, her legs tangled with Sherlock as he led on her back. She was basically the middle of a very hot sweaty sandwich, she really could think of worse things.
John for his part just sat still, he concentrated on his breathing, taking in slow breaths as Sherlock made his way around to John and knelt on the floor before him.
Watching Sherlock's face drop slightly he can not help but smile slightly, which in turn causing Sherlock to smile back and the butterflies once again return.
"That's good, it means your haphephobia can be controlled. You will welcome touch to those you truly trust."
Taking John's cock in her hand she locked the underside, then around the head before taking the whole thing in her mouth. Lifting her hand she took John's placing it upon her head, feeling his finger clench in her hair she looked up again, her eyes giving him permission to fuck her mouth. Licking his lips he tightened his grip in her hair before moving his hips. Moaning at he feel on him moving Ari gave herself to him, trusting him to not be too rough and listening to her for any reason to stop.
Closing his eyes, he lent his head back against the chair he was in before picking up his scotch and taking a long pull on it. How the hell we he to do what he needed to do with John here?
"You wont even touch me now." John stated as he chocked back a sob, pulling further away from the frightened man before him.
“Yes.” The man stepped forward his hand landing on the exact same spot he knew the other was touching. “My name is…”
Molly hummed quietly to herself as Beany sat on her shoulder while she controlled Big Geek, the bigger badder brother to Little Geek. As she moved it around the rig she paused then turned the small water drone back and then had it hoover as it looked into the rooms taken up by the Marines. Coffey and Schoenick where stood opposite each other, with Coffey’s back to the window.
Snapping his eyes open he looked at the man, who was now stunned to stillness before leaping to his feet and running at full speed knocking the man to the ground and gaining great satisfaction at hearing the man’s head connecting hard to the solid floor.
"He left me to die." Moran spoke and John turned as he let Maddie back in the room. "Hot desert, gunshot wound to the stomach, the good doctor left me to die without so much as a backwards glance."
"Hey it's okay." A hand cupped his face and John lent in closer. "Mycroft is here, and I'll only be ten or so minutes."
Sherlock stood a good twenty feet away, his hair was cut short, so short that his curls had disappeared, it was also dyed, now more brown than black. He wore dark blue jeans a white button down shirt and a brown leather jacket. He didn't look at all like himself but John knew it was him, he would always know it was him, would always know when those eyes were on him.
"It's okay." John picked up the towel Sherlock had dropped and slowly started to run it over the pale chest and back were water from dark curls was breaking free and running over the cold skin.
John took a step forward to which Sherlock shook his head, it was a small movement but John caught it, he understood it so he stopped and just held his ground.
Sherlock smiled as he led back on the bed, his head instantly comfortable on the pillow. "I loved that bed."
Looking to the door he fought a battle within himself. On the other side was Sherlock, the man that had...no, this wasn't Sherlock's fault, none of this was. He didn't know, he didn't know how John felt, because John was a coward, John hide his true feelings, kept them to himself, kept them so deeply locked away that he had even started to believe that he didn't love Sherlock. But of course it was all a lie, John was totally in love with Sherlock, it had just taken Sherlock to jump to fully admit it.
When he opened his eyes he fell back onto the bed even though he knew he wouldn't back to sleep he just couldn't bring himself to get up. Getting up would involve facing another day, of facing John, facing the truth of not just his own pain but John's as well.
Sherlock was stood by Cab One going over the small sub making sure everything was in order. Sally was refuelling Flatbed and Mike was sorting Cab Three. Molly stood next to the two small drone subs making sure they were both in working order while the four Marines, Dimmock and Stevens got into their diving gear.
Sherlock really was stunning, his sharp features were unusual, adding a rather alien look to him, a look John was sure most people would find disconcerting, yet John couldn’t help but look. He wanted to touch every sharp edge, every dip, every flaw, to ingrain the memory of the strange face into his mind so that he would never forget it.
As they made their way to Sherlock’s bed John held back and watched as Mycroft looked down at his baby brother. The harsh ice that was Mycroft's mask suddenly slipped and he seemed so much younger as he reached out and gently touched Sherlock’s dark curls.
He had gone form not moving, to constantly being on the move. He felt like his nerves where on fire, or being stimulated by electricity and no matter what he did he just couldn't stop moving.
“I saw him, just as he got off. He was on the cab next to ours and he looked right at me as he exited.”
They led there silently for a time before John whispered three words that caused warmth to spread throughout Sherlock’s body, words he had only ever heard from his parents, words no other had ever muttered to him.
As he reached the main entrance he was forced to stop as Cathy unlocked the doors with her pass. When the final door opened he was running again, this time straight to the sleek black car that Mycroft had obviously provided.
"What..." Touching the wall again he frowns deeply. "Why are you out there?" He asks the Man, when no answer come he turned to find himself alone.
Reaching out he gently touched Sherlock’s face before taking the clothes and dressing him. First putting on the trousers and then stopping before putting on the top.
John led her through what she needed to do step by step. Thirty minutes later John had a freshly stitched wound, it was a little messy but it was better than the self stitches he had given himself.
"Been a while since you spotted me. I'm surprised you haven't deleted any of it." John says quietly as Sherlock pulls the neck brace over John’s head and picks up his helmet for him.
They were silent for a bit, just staring at each other as they just continued to breath, all the while more blood escaped the man's mouth.
“Do you have to?” he heard himself ask as he tried to open his eyes. Nope, world tilting, he thought, closing them for the moment.
Ah, yes, listening that was something he really could do without, but his therapist had learnt early on how to change her voice to catch his attention, something he felt he should despise her for yet he didnt.
"Shame, what happened? Use up his supply?" That hit a nerve, Sherlock’s eyes darkened and he leaned in closer till only a few centimetres where between them.
He had woken an hour earlier, his body curled up next to John's, the both of them in nothing but their underwear.
“Fuck you, Mary.” John’s voice rose loud enough to easily hear, its tone sending a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. The man, John, pulled a small box from his jacket pocket, forcing it into her hand. “Take it, sell it, keep it, throw it, I don’t care anymore.”
His thoughts as he had slit his wrist had been people were bound to think his suicide was because of Sherlock, because how could John function without his great friend Sherlock Holmes.
"I knew it! I knew you had a thing for cock." Moran stepped forward and grabbed his own crotch in a rather lude manner. "Maybe when we get the fun started you can show me how good you are with that mouth of yours."
“I see.” John’s eyes moved over him before looking back into his eyes. “Well I’m here for the conference, I’m a speaker for one of the seminars.”
Standing up straight he looked across at Sherlock as Mike moved forward to look down at the picture. Sherlock held John’s eyes and then sighed as he crossed his arms his eyes darkening as he read John clearly.
“Greg and your brother are both probably pulling what little hair they have left out trying to find us, I’m sure they will get to us before it’s too late.”
John blinks himself awake, the feeling of Sherlock’s hand on his mouth slightly unnerving until he sees what was in the room. Freezing he feels Sherlock lower his hand then chucks a pillow towards Mike, who opens an eye looking about then closing it again before opening both eyes with a gasp as he sits up straight.
Sherlock shifted on the bed wincing with every movement but not stopping till he was sat up his hand reaching out to John, who just stood and closed the small distance between them, sitting on the bed and allowing Sherlock to take his hand and then letting his head fall forward to lean on John's shoulder.
“Yes.” John crouched down to looking at Moriarty, curled up on his side, blood staining his collar, and face though it was now dry and cracked slightly. “Time to wake up spider.”
"Yes. He has said no treatment is to be left aside because of money, all funds needed to help John will be given without question."
Once the dark curls were tangle free, John placed the brush on the table with all the other cleaning equipment and just gently ran his fingers through them. He had stopped talking at this point, his eyes just taking in the pale face before him.
As John worked Sherlock let his head fall back against the pillow. He concentrated on his breathing, letting the air fill his lungs fully before letting it out again, doing this over and over, feeling the air enter his blood, traveling to his brain and clearing the cobwebs slightly.
“Light, it was light, blue in colour and bright enough to light up the darkness for about a hundred feet and I could see it for some time as it made its way down into the abyss. It was small, whatever it was and it moved fast, extremely fast.”
The TV showed the Explorer through a long shot, also showing that it now had a few naval vessels also running along with her. When it cut to the reported he was being hit hard by rain and clutching the microphone as though the wind could blow it from his hands at any given moment. He is stood on one of the naval ships, the Explorer seen in the distance behind him.
Standing stock still John took a few deep calming breaths before following Sherlock into the control room. Already Sherlock was messing with controls muttering to himself as he went.
"If i ever get like that again, leave me, just dont let me hurt you! I could never forgive myself for that and I would never ask you to forgive me."
"We were that close to proving a submersible drilling platform could work. We had over seven thousand feet of hole down for fucksake. I can't believe you let them grab my rig!"
Sitting he ran his fingers through his hair, ruffling it slightly before patting it all back down again. He was tired, he hadn’t slept in a bed for a while, his back hurt, his shoulder hurt, his leg even gave a twinge of pain, something he was trying very hard to ignore, but was failing at.
“Sure.” He smiled, following after Molly and was introduced to Sally, Philip, Mike and Greg. After the introductions they soon started a game of hide and seek, John was, of course, the seeker first.
Before long she felt her own pleasure building and as Sherlock came so did she, the two of them kissing as John continued to pound into Sherlock until he too came.
"Really. I dont want to force anything from you John because I know you will tell me when you are ready to."
They kissed again, this time slowly, lovingly. Until Sherlock pulled back placed a kissed to John's forehead and muttered a few words before leaving as the car came to a stop once again.
"I can't." Sherlock said quietly as he nodded his thanks to John while he dropped his unfinished cigarette and took the tea.
Walking to the head of the bed John reached out for the first time and gently ran his fingers through the soft dark curls.
Sherlock looked to where John pointed noting where the stars seemed to clusted more together in a line going across the sky. He had never really take much stock in the stars, never finding them intresting, so deleting everything about them, but this, this he would never forget.
“I know.” John pushed away from the wall, walked to his chair and sat down with a grunt. “So why hasn't he woken up?”
John stood still just listening, before he started to make his way through the people, once again searching. He was close to were the man had been standing when something grabbed his leg.
"What?" John smiled, he couldn't help it. Not after what Sherlock had said after John had said the same thing not two minutes ago.
“Greg this is your last chance to leave.” John’s eyes when he looked up at Greg were dark, emotionless and deadly.
The cigarette halfway to his lips, Sherlock paused to focus his gaze on a couple across the street. Although they spoke in hushed voices, it was obvious to him that they were engaged in a heated argument.
"John...no." The panic in Sherlock’s eyes bled into his voice and the smile on John's lips was replaced by concern.
Turning slightly he looks at Sherlock who is staring at his tea, lost in thought. The man was stunning, even dressed in his pajamas and a hoodie. Suddenly John felt extremely self conscious of his own body. He knew he had lost weight, his hair now more grey than blonde and his wrist scarred in the most hiddious of ways. Curling his arms under himself he knew his movements drew Sherlock’s attention as crystal eyes shot up to meet his.
“I don’t remember any of this.” Sherlock suddenly said. John looked at him noting that Sherlock was watching the two of them. Leaning forward he stopped the video and pushed the table away, Sherlock didn’t even protest.
The underground train was packed, just as it always was, packed and hot and damn, would those kids just turn off their stupid music!
"He said he would do it again, that he would..." John sighed grabbing Sherlock’s wrist in a way Cathy was used to seeing when it came to talking about Sherlock jumping. "That he would jump if it meant saving me."
Sherlock’s eyes didn’t know what to look at first, the dusting of golden hair? The flat tones stomach? The broad shoulders? The amazing spider web scar on his left shoulder? In the end he let his eyes just look into John's.
“Let him go. Right now!” John orders, his voice just as strong as Coffey’s. He sees Schoenick react to the order but holds still till Coffey nods.
“Damn it.” He curses recovering and bringing the camera back up and taking a few pictures as the smaller craft moves down through the darkness, the larger craft long gone.
“Schoenick.” Coffey indicated with his head towards Sherlock who was grabbed and then pushed up against a wall face first, his arms pinned against his back. “Have Mr Watson here taken back to quarters and have Monk prepare a sedative.”
“I take it you didn’t get anything on the cameras.” John says moving forward as Sherlock turns back to the camera equipment he had used on cab one to take pictures. “Video or anything?”
“Sherlock you woke up yesterday and screamed for hours.” Sherlock frowned his fingers loosening slightly as he shrank back onto the bed.
"Sherlock...oh god." John's voice was distant, panicked but he couldn’t respond as the body behind him kept him pinned and submissive as it did what it wanted.
John sighed, letting his eyes close and hoping to whatever god was listening that this was over with quickly.
They had both showered, separately, had a cup of tea and then went back to bed. They had both been fully clothed at that point but by the time they had fallen asleep all that was left was their pants.
"Yeah, some doctor you turned out to be, thought you guys had to take an oath to help all those in need?" The last cuff was affixed and the stretcher was pulled free of the ambulance, the bag full of equipment placed on his legs.
“Right.” Sherlock was able to answer even as he tried to control his bodies reaction to having John so close to him. “John.”
A pale boy, around his age sat up in a tree, his legs dangling down, a book in his hands and his mope of curly black hair falling into his eyes as he read. John watched him closely, trying to work out how the boy had climbed as high as he had, and how he had done it with such a big book.
"Wait...you are giving me medical control?" John's asked, surprise and nervousness clear in his voice
Picking the other gun up he checked the man for more ammo and loaded his pockets after reloading both guns.
“Now, I am afraid the time line has shortened. I had really hoped to give you the two weeks to heal, but things have changed and that time line has shortened.”
When his eyes opened, the first thing he saw was a tail wagging, soft red fur, a black nose and happy eyes.
“Do you need a hand getting back into bed?” A voice asked, one he didn’t know and fear suddenly gripped him. Feeling his heart rate increase he gripped the cover as he tried to steady his breathing but he was losing, quickly.
"Yes...he...they just took him for emergency surgery." John looked down the hall to the double swing doors that didn't seem to stop moving at the moment.
(3:22am) Not without you. Not without your arms around me, your lips on my hair, your breath brushing my ear, your legs tangled with mine. Not without me kissing your neck, your jaw, your lips... I know I need to heal for me, but I need you Sherlock. I need your strength, you care, your heart. I need you! JW
Kneeling, he took hold of Moran's still arms and pushed the man onto his front before wrapping the bloodied belt aroud Moran's wrists. He then searched the man for his gun and any other weapons before backing away.
John smiled and slowly worked his way into the bed until he had Sherlock resting against him, the man's long back against his chest and stomach. Gently running his fingers through Sherlock hair he kept pressing kisses to the top of Sherlock's head and smiled as he felt Sherlock melt into him.
"If you mention this to anyone, or pick on how short I am I will not be held responsible for my actions." He tried to joke as he stood on the create to look at the chains holding Sherlock prisoner.
Looking up John glares at Sherlock. “Don’t what?” He asks pulling his arm free, still hating how his body reacts to just the simplest of touches from Sherlock.
Not a week then, not even twenty-four hours. John needed to get Sherlock out, he need to destroy Moran and make sure to rip out Moriarty’s dark heart, preferably quick enough for the man to see it before he dies.
"Not until I get you out of here." Looking about he searched for something to help him get his friend down. Spotting a create he turned back to Sherlock. "Stay awake."
"You cant have too much but this should help." John watched as Sherlock sucked the sponge dry his eyes closing as if it was the best feeling ever.
“Yes... I mean no. Negative, sir.” Coffey gets out shaking his head and stealing himself against what it was they now had to do.
"Because you are my greats weakness as well as my biggest strength. They would have used you and I...I would have given them everything."
Fighting hard he took down another two men before being able to grab hold of a gun one of them had dropped.
"No!" Sherlock suddenly shouted from next to him causing John to jump from the bed, an intruder expected to be the cause of Sherlock’s shout. But only the empty space of the bedroom greated him.
"But it has always hurt." John continued causing Sherlock to look at him with wide eyes. "Having Greg and Mrs Hudson visit was not easy, it hurt and I wantes nothing more than to run, but I didn't because you were here and I knew you would help if I needed it. When Harry came that comfort was gone and well you know what happened."
John nods, understanding that they could keep warm with layers till help came, but one thing they wouldn’t be able to cope without was oxygen.
"It's okay." John cleaned his fingers and hands as best he could on his shirt before leaning down and gently running his fingers through tangled curls. "I've got you."
Before him, in a crouched position, was a man with short dark hair and deep brown eyes. He was dressed in a well cut suit and a smile lit his young face.
Across the room, on the other side of the water Schoenick is working with a chain, slowly lowering Big Geek onto the warhead which is still on its cart. Once done he slowly begins to attach them together with a sling of tie down straps.
As the cold water hit his skin he hissed but stayed under the spray waiting for it to heat up before leaning his forhead against the wall.
Sherlock sighed but allowed John to reattach the leads, moving his arms as commanded then sitting back and still as John put his nasal cannula back on. Once John was finished he found himself staring down at Sherlock who was just watching him intently.
It had been a week since his flashback, in that time he had had three one on one sessions with Cathy, one session with the three of them but none where just he and John could talk between them.
“Breath, look at me and just breath.” Sherlock's hands came up grasping at John's arms, his fingers digging painfully into the muscle but John didn't care, he allowed Sherlock to do what he need to just get through this moment until the meds kicked in.
John smiled at him before sitting down next him on the sofa, his hand picking up Sherlock’s and twinning their fingers together.
As he waited he watched the people come and go. A conference of some sort was going on in the main room, so a lot of people milled about waiting for the next talk, or demonstration. As he studied one man he realised the conference was a doctors one, and not just for normal doctors. All around him were forces doctors and nurses, this was a medical conference for the armed forces.
"John thought you forgot them. He had been unsure wether to ask you about them or not so I told him I would."
John started to fight again, pulling as hard as he could against Moran, trying with everything he had to break free while Christen and the other guy started to unhook Sherlock from his IV lines.
Hearing him curse she looked up to find both men watching her so she took John deep into her throat swallowing as she did so causing another curse to escape his lips.
"I won't." John looked up at Mycroft, the man was still breathing hard an angry glint in his eyes. "Mycroft you have to underst-"
From behind him something rises up from the abyss, something full of light, something that moves up close behind him moving back and forth as though extremely curious as to what he was, or to what he was doing. Sherlock stood oblivious to the small creature, or vehicle as it watches him until he becomes aware of the change of light around him.
When he got there it was to find his kidnappers, his torturers stood all around an unconscious John.
Right, so this is a shorter chapter, but it is a bridge chapter to the next part of the story. Enjoy all the same :)
John woke to fingers in his hair, the moved slowly, pulling gently on the strands letting them fall back into place before the fingers delved back in and started the process all over again.
