Tony huffed a laugh at that and Steve counted it a small step forward. He watched as Tony picked at the steering wheel, eyes focused on nothing in particular. Steve waited. He would always wait.
Steve smiled, happy for the first time in too long. “Then I look forward to us working together once again, Shellhead.”
Steve missed it. He missed having Tony leaning on him. He missed having Tony coming to him for help.
Pietro nods but doesn’t take his narrowed eyes off of Vision and Wanda, who are now both circling around the ceiling out of earshot.
“I’m glad I got to spend my last moment with you,” Steve said, soft. “We can try this again, in the next life. Promise.”
Tony had brought along a bottle of good wine from his private collection and then drank most of it himself among the revelry. When that dusty bottle had emptied, he had gone on to find more swill to guzzle.
“I’ve been looking back at your work and I don’t think I’m… convinced at how far you’ve spread yourself out.”
Actually, Steve
He’s too late.
Yep. So much better than phone sex.
They make it back to the hotel without incident and Jim manages to roll Tony into the bed of one of the bedrooms in their suite. Tony mumbles and rolls over the comforter, ass in the air, but Jim tugs him back to remove his shoes and then pulls the sheets from beneath him to cover him.
Tony laughed and moved in to wrap his arms back around Steve’s waist, mouth hovering close to Steve’s again, teasing. “In that case, this was a hell of an actual first kiss.” He licked his lips, eyes twinkling. “Wanna beat the record?”
Bucky can answer that one easily. “He explicitly told us to not tell you.”
“You should let me give you Extremis,” Tony said, casual.
“Tony, stop making it angry and go finish the trench.”
Tony stared at Steve, the dust from the earlier fight yet to settle around them. “You can touch the arc reactor?” Tony began again, slowly.
As it turned full circle, Steve saw words displayed on the body of the little drone:
“As good as it can get, with Tony insisting on footing the bill. And it’s Bruce, Thor,” Bruce corrects gently. “Midgardian customs don’t require you to address me with my occupational title. Especially if you’re a friend.”
Tony snorted. “You flatter me, Cap. Make a guy feel great, you do. But I don’t need to be babied. PLASM can’t do a damn thing about it. What makes you think you can? And I’m working on a defence system so don’t worry about it.” He waved a dismissive hand at Steve.
Steve sat by the window in Tony’s bedroom and watched the snow flurries outside the glass.
Taking a wet cloth from the trolley just outside the light, Steve wiped away the blood from his glove. He let the agent breathe through the pain, let him absorb the exchange.
Steve hadn’t seen Tony bare-chested before, front on, sure. When they’d conducted their little experiments to check Steve’s anchor, Tony had always turned his back to change the arc reactor in and out. But Tony looked exactly as Steve had imagined he would look, and Steve had seen similar injuries before. He could have pieced together the state of Tony’s chest by the stories Tony told alone. It was a part of Tony, Tony’s turning point in life. The arc reactor was the thing that kept Tony alive if not exactly perfectly healthy - Steve’s
“Captain Rogers has been at the door for the past half hour. I believe it would be prudent for you to hear what he has to say.”
Steve’s shoulders slump further. “He won’t even come up to say hi.”
The sky was burning. Everything was burning. Steve coughed wetly and crawled over to where Jessica lay. He shook her gently, calling her name but she didn’t wake, strands of dark hair tangled over her face. He made sure that she was breathing steadily before turning onto his back with difficulty to take in the chaos around him, above him.
Steve fades into the cold.
He felt Tony shuddering around him, a wetness dripping from where they were still joined. He almost regretted not bringing a condom to limit the mess but he felt a thrill at having a part of him kept inside Tony outside of their neglected bedroom. He would never stop thrilling at how willing Tony was to let Steve fill him like this. He would always be willing to be filled by
“Hey, Buck,” Steve says as he comes through the door.
There was the sound of a single distant gunshot – something hit the car behind Steve – and Tony let out a pained choke and coughed into Steve’s neck.
“I’m Captain America,” the entity said without further preamble. “Went down in ’45. Probably died and I guess I’m a ghost now. Don’t know how I got here but I’m glad I did when I did.”
“I’d prefer that.”
“Tony,” Steve said at last, voice breathless. “Why am I outside and why won’t you let me in? Aren’t we—can’t we—do this together? Aren’t we supposed to do this together?”
He took one last shot at the blob and flew around to where Thor was depositing giant barrels of Anti-Slime Slime around the blob with gusto. Thor hadn’t been too pleased when his lightning seem to invigorate the blob. Tony let JARVIS set the HUD to show the path for the trench again and he primed his lasers for concrete cutting.
“Can’t talk. Kid got away. Whammied us. No property damage. No civilians hurt. Probably. Hulk loose. Check on him. Ask J for details. Need time out. Don’t come knocking, sock on handle, etcetera.”
“Aye,” Thor agreed. “It seems we must resort to the most violent.”
“Oh my God, Rhodey, I thought—“
Steve had said ‘yes’ and Tony woke in that same instant screaming, “No!”
“What can I say, I’m as charming and handsome as ever. Now I’m a superhero too—“
who wore his suits like a second skin, moving with sensual grace underneath the smooth lines of soft cloth or metal even as he spun through life like a whirlwind.
“I still have the bomb, everybody,” Pietro chimes in.
After lunch, Sam and Sharon insist on cleaning up by themselves and Bruce takes Thor along to look for the elusive Steve.
“Pietro!” Bruce calls with a wave. “How’ve you been?”
“Then what do you mean,
Tony felt the warm hands on his back and waist tighten, and he clung on, burying his face into Steve’s neck again. He realized then that his cheeks were wet and he started laughing. He giggled louder, even as Steve pulled back. Steve’s thumbs swiped through the wetness on his cheeks and Tony reached up to press Steve’s hands tighter to his face.
“I know you like watching me, boss,” Tony said huskily. The words (‘
Steve continued to look unconvinced, guilt now dominating his features. Tony sighed and rubbed at his forehead.
“Holy shit,” Tony managed to choke out.
Tony snorted, heart warming a little at the equally teasing and affectionate nickname. “I need to come up with a ridiculous nickname for you. Hang on, it’s coming to me!”
“Oh my God.”
The Skull is holding the Cube and its blue glow saturates the stark interior around them. “You will never understand Power, Captain,” the Skull drawls. “You are the man with a plan but you cannot see beyond your small mind. You lack the will to execute and I will see it be the end of you.”
In the end, the glossy lapel holes he loved to finger (Asolsa Lucida, as Tony’s tailor informed him) or the texture of fabric he loved to stroke (Tony loved silk the most) weren't the things that kept his attention – they drew him in like a moth to flame, but it was Tony who kept him circling around, mesmerized.
“Cap! You’re here! Let me show you what I finished today!”
That seemed enough to alleviate the worry; their shoulders dropped as the two men finally relaxed from their combative state. Still, they'd walked in three men and only two were before him.
“Tony came upstate with it?”
Tony stopped his pacing at Steve’s raised voice and Steve took the opportunity to close the distance between them.
Steve saw red. He reached behind the agent and fisted his hair, pulling his head back to stare up at Steve. Steve could smell the blood and sweat on the man, and the tang of something bitter that was terror, as appropriate. He was glad he had his men shave this agent before they gave him to Steve. At a certain angle, he could have almost pretended the man was someone else.
Tony could only whimper as the numbness reached his throat and then his cheeks. Everything was blurring at the edges and he couldn’t feel his body. As his vision slowly tunneled to a point, he thought he saw a streak of color sweep through the darkness.
That was all fantasy. All of the images had been fantasy. None of that had happened yet because Tony was trying to sustain a long-term relationship for a
Steve feels himself fading out into the numbness of the cold. The thing that is wearing Tony’s face beats on the ice over Steve’s face, desperation in every pounding of his fists.
Captain America.
Steve hesitated, eyes flicking between Tony’s face and the arc reactor, but he stepped toward Tony again, reaching out a hand. Tony kept his eyes down and watched as Steve’s gloved fingers slowly sunk into the surface of the arc reactor. Only when Steve’s fingers were at the second knuckle, fingertips level with the vibranium core, did Tony feel the heat flare in his chest again.
Steve didn’t move, didn’t speak.
This is Steve’s memory. But in Tony’s dream?
Senators with bold patterned ties that flashed interesting colors under the flashbulbs of cameras. Businessmen in pinstripes, eager to shake his hand, to pat him on the shoulder and pose for photographs. Howard Stark, who only wore suits on occasion that were almost indecently trimmed. But Steve hadn't had the heart to admire it. He'd dropped himself into the middle of the war and he focused all his effort on defeating HYDRA. And when the icy waters were rushing over his head, well, there was no heart in him for anything more than to feel peace in the encroaching darkness.
“I was thinking about taking you out somewhere nice tomorrow,” Tony said at last. “Wherever you want. Just the two of us.”
The third time Steve and Tony kissed, it was brief and in the heat of the moment. But in that moment, they felt like they knew each other to the core of their souls. It was natural and it was familiar. Like the first glowing embers of a fire. Like the first trickle of rain in the summer.
and they went down on the ground in a heap with Steve straddling on top. He pressed the edge of the shield to the
The door refused to open and Tony sighed, opening the chute door and dropping the Trap in. The chute hissed and clicked, and Tony heard the Trap being picked up on the other side. He waited thirty seconds then pulled up the access controls again, letting JARVIS run the unlock.
Tony looks down and pats at the blue glow of the arc reactor. “I’ll keep an eye out on it.” He prods Steve’s knee and Steve tries hard to keep his hands away from the warmth radiating from Tony. “How about that list we made at the end of last year, huh? I know it’s not the same, but I can try to take you through some of those here. It’s what I’ve been practising for. Surfing with a dog? I can do ocean and fluid physics in my sleep.”
“I trust your journey was well, Doctor Banner?” Thor asks.
“Nothing works,” Steve said after a pause.
It was like that now. That was now the fate of every one of Tony's suits but it wasn't like Tony ever wore them twice anyways. It wasn't like they were a complete loss even after they were stained. Steve did his best to clean them off once he got them off of Tony. And most of them came back from the dry cleaners without question and in pristine condition, ready to be passed on should Tony choose. Tony accused him of driving his poor tailors and cleaners to drink from the extra work. Steve had no grounds to argue against it.
anyone
Tony gave a brief thought to being the filling in that blond sandwich before taking his brain out of the gutter to focus on the task at hand.
“Cot’s closer.”
“Hey!” Sam shouts, waving his arms over his head.
The puff wiggled and Tony
All in all, it hadn’t exactly played out like a routine Villain Beat-Down. The last thing any of them had expected, other-worldly Thor included, was a teenaged tantrum followed by something Tony still didn’t have a handle on. He wasn’t calling it magic, that was for sure.
When Tony had run from the Conference Room, fear in his eyes, Steve had realized his mistake.
“You’re 'your sources'—“
There was a shuffling noise and more silence from Steve. Tony threw his hands up, mouth hanging open. So much for ‘serious conversation’.
"I'll go see him," T'Challa said, cutting off the increasingly panicked speech. He frowned as he parsed the Captain's words. "I have my own jet—"
Steve sat and waited, and as he waited, Tony slowly, haltingly, lowered his hand from the arc reactor and started to recount the tale of his capture in Afghanistan, Obadiah Stane’s betrayal, SHIELD and PLASM’s interference with the subsequent Stane Haunting, his fight with palladium, and his most recent altercation with Ivan Vanko. Tony went straight back to bed as soon as he said his last word, avoiding Steve’s eyes, but Steve sat with him, just in case.
Steve closed his eyes. He hadn’t—he knew it was mostly why he was here but he hadn’t thought about it like that. He knew he should be relieved. His case would be easier because of it.
“Tony!” Bruce called out from behind him. “You just
“No. Not that. I want us to stop hiding from each other. I want us to stop jumping to conclusions. I want us to trust each other and tell each other—“
“You’re unreasonably graceful, Vision," Wanda says in the distance. "I’m flying like a caterpillar with small wings.”
The layout of the city was more or less the same with many new buildings abutting the once familiar skyline, but everything else was so different.
The hardness in Steve's pants from the fight aboard the train now returned for an entirely different reason. He leaned forward and rested his chin upon his arms atop Stark's knees, thinking.
He flew himself to the helicarrier, refusing the Quinjet ride. In the hanger, he queried JARVIS on his phone and JARVIS helpfully displayed camera feeds from the meeting rooms. The cameras in Conference Room Five were on a loop; looks like they were already there. So much for throwing everyone off by arriving early.
When Steve finally looked up at him, Tony was ready to burst. “You blew out the back of your shop with just this?” Steve asked.
Steve is standing in a richly decorated corridor. He studies the dark wooded paneling, the paintings on the wall, the vases on spindle legged tables in the periodic alcoves. The walls were fractured and through the breaks in reality, usual haze of the dreamscape stretches endlessly.
don’t even see eye to eye most of the time," Jim says, indicating between the two of them.
“And you promised it your whole soul.”
A particularly loud splash made him turn towards the sliver of light below the door to the bathroom where Tony was taking a long bath. Steve thought Tony spoke but the voice didn’t sound alarming so Steve didn’t question Tony’s safety. He tugged his mind away from the bath and bathrooms. It was a reminder that he couldn’t interact with the world in any meaningful manner anymore. He can absorb all the information he wants but he couldn’t
Thor had said, after Tony had woken again in the Conference Room.
Sam meets Jim in the corridor on the way back from individual Aerial Combat Training. Jim sends him a questioning look and Sam shakes his head. Jim sighs and shakes his head in return when Sam quirks his own eyebrows in question.
“Sheriff,” the girl- woman- Susan, nodded at Steve, sober. “I’ll pass him onto you then. And Tony,” she added to Tony, who looked at her with eyes hooded in, surprisingly, only concentration, “I’ll come find you and we can talk tomorrow.” She patted him on the arm then made her way down into the crowd below, tossing a good night over her shoulder.
What he wanted was to stay, with Tony.
Tony was gone.
after they’ve had the sex. The last time may have been years and years ago, before Iron Man, but that fear never left. Steve was different, Tony knew that. Steve was good to him, and he'd like to think he was good to Steve. But an irrational fear was irrational for a reason.
Tony whimpered.
After a small fire and an almost literal heart attack (he needed to improve the shield on the arc reactor; he shouldn’t have forgotten, yet he had), he had gone back to the drawing board. Steve had laughed at his singed eyebrows but Tony could see the worry in those translucent eyes of his. Tony had refused to let it warm his poor heart but it had happened anyway. He knew Steve was trying to not smother him in protection like he initially had with the sleeping thing but Tony appreciated it, especially since the hauntings seem to have stopped altogether.
Steve gave him a small squeeze in response and watched in delight as Tony groaned in pleasure, turning his head to the side, eyes closed tight. Steve felt that tug from the anchor, the one that had always brought him back to Tony and he stroked a thumb over the warmth, feeling it tug him closer still. Tony was almost panting beneath him, breath catching in his throat with every one of Steve’s strokes.
. Steve evidently felt it because he pushed Tony away to stare wide eyed at Tony’s hand. Tony looked down, and wished he hadn’t. His entire left arm was ashen and translucent, the power of the Soul Stone crackling in glowing streaks across his skin. Tony reached up with his right hand, nudging Steve’s gaze away from it.
And that was how Captain America unofficially joined the Avengers of PLASM.
“I’d be surprised if you didn’t know me,” Stark said. “Look, sorry about back there. You were a quick getaway vehicle. Tell me what you want to not get that out to the tabloids. I’m not building you bombs but anything else, I can do. Cars, talent agent, Tuscan vacation. Pick a box.”
“Is this better, then? Is this what you prefer now?”
It took more sawing than Steve would have liked to free Stark's ankles. He tucked his knife away and sat back on his haunches to watch as Stark stretched his legs and rolled his ankles to put the blood back into them.
Steve rushes forward to pull the young man off of Tony but he falls through, barely keeping his feet. He looks back and sees the young man straddle Tony, clawing at Tony’s chest and arms. Tony screams and pushes weakly at the young man, and Steve leaps forward for a tackle. He lands on top of the young man and watches with mixed sadness and vindictiveness as the body dissolves in a flash of green light. Steve looks around, back at Tony.
“Tony–I–can you talk?”
“Twenty-four hours,” Tony managed to say. “Just. Twenty-four hours. Let me“ —Tony pried Steve’s insistent hands from the release catches on the suit’s torso— “let me see what this is. Let me—let me test it. Give me twenty-four hours. Do some experimenting. Flush it out. You—“
that wasn’t Tony run its hands over him. When the hands reached his hips, he swept his shield at it and staggered backwards. Behind him, he could hear Bruce speaking rapidly with JARVIS. Tony had to be alive.
Tony sighed and rested his forehead on Steve's shoulder, closed his eyes, and let himself bask.
Tony felt his left hand shudder, straining against his will, and he told his hand to
Sam groans, burying his face into his hands. “Payback?”
Around him, the battle raged on. The sky flashed and the screeches of the Fallen cut through to the bone.
It was just past noon and the sun was beating down onto the dusty land. Steve walked on with only his hat and a small hip flask keeping him from drying out.
Tony rolled over in the cot and stared up at the spotlights. He was not going to think about Steve masturbating because that way lay madness. He was not going to think of how Steve was probably sitting outside, fly open, dick in hand, moaning Tony's name as he—
And then he’d opened his eyes, and had seen Tony and suddenly, he’d been in the world again. As a ghost. Neither here nor there.
The rubble around him shook and Steve heard the sound of repulsors in flight. He looked above him and saw a familiar glow fly towards him. His heart stuttered then beat faster and he watched on as the glow drew closer and closer. And as the sound of repulsors grew louder, Steve realized it wasn’t what he had expected. What he had wanted.
And Steve smiled. It wasn’t the poster smile. It wasn’t the Captain America smile. It wasn’t formal. It was Steve’s smile. Steve’s happy, boyish smile, with the small curl at the corner of his mouth and twinkle in his eye. It was the smile Tony liked to believe was reserved for him alone.
When Steve had been a younger man, he had only the one nice suit to call his own. Passed down from his father, his mother had done her best to fit the beige fabric to Steve's much smaller frame. It never sat very well on him; the fabric was stiff, rough, and there was only so much time his mother could spare on it, only so much money for a family of two in Brooklyn. Still, Steve had loved it even as he yearned for more. He'd worn it whenever he could get away with it. To Church, to the pictures, on Bucky's double dates with his girls, picking up his mother from her shifts before she'd gotten too sick to go to work…
Tony stood there.
“Steve. I’m still horny. Normal horny.” Tony nudged at Steve’s shoulder. When Steve didn’t respond other than by burying his nose deeper into Tony’s neck, Tony squeezed at Steve’s ribs with his knees. “C’mon, Rogers. I'd fuck you, but I might need a few hours. You, though, you can start making do on all those promises.”
Natasha sighs then looks at Bucky, who shrugs and shakes his head in return.
“Or,” Tony said, louder over the sizzling and splattering of the eggs, “I didn’t do it alone anyway. Why is that so hard to accept?”
Tony shook the visions out of his head. It was one thing to have fleeting intrusive thoughts at random, but those had been entirely too vivid, too
Something wet and warm splattered onto Steve’s skin.
Tony glares at him harder but bulls on. “Yeah and I’m far on the wrong side of 40. Plus, we never see eye to eye.”
Tony settled on his blankets and pillow in the cell. His punishment of one night in the cell wasn’t terribly bad. Steve kept him warm, comfortable, and fed at the very least.
The flushed redness of Tony's cock was beautiful against the slate gray of Tony's suit and Steve belatedly realized that this was the same suit he'd fucked Tony in when he'd first set eyes on Tony's closet. Tony had never worn that suit after that day. And now he probably wouldn’t be able to wear it again because Steve was barely holding himself back from pawing right through it.  Tony closed the inch of space between them to claim Steve's open mouth with a filthy kiss, tongue probing deep, his beard scratching at Steve's lips and spurring him back into action.
He faded.
Tony ground his teeth. “Why can’t you give me Steve? What are you going to do when you’re whole? Who’re your brothers?”
“Yeah, well.” Tony shrugged half-heartedly. “Hazard of being a playboy billionaire.”
“Maybe you can ask him nicely back at the ‘carrier?” Steve suggested.
followed by a bright peal of laughter.
Steve made it his private mission to catalogue Tony's suits. He learned all the different cuts, all the different designers, all the different fabrics, all the descriptive names for the colors and the patterns, all the possible accessories, and he tried to not think about the cost of each bespoke suit. His little notebook was filled with sketches of Tony in suits that probably cost more than Steve's bike ten times over.
He continued his walk, looking up the day’s list of search topics – Clifford the Big Red Dog (from Hawkeye), muons (from Iron Man), Godzilla (from Black Widow), Enya (from Bruce, the only one of them without a secret identity)—
“I know,” Tony said cheerfully. “Now don’t leave me in suspense.”
He was developing a routine and all in all, he felt better about his half-existence, especially when he was surrounded by people who dealt with ghosts all year around and never batted an eye at his transparency.
“You can’t just wave away everything that’s happened,” Tony said, incredulity coloring his tone, hands waving desperately. “You can’t just make me—make us go back to
Steve sighed. His some-time teammate wasn’t always around but they’d had nice conversations in the night when they’d been free from their day jobs – Steve from maudlin and SHIELD contract work, and Iron Man from his bodyguarding of rich socialite and SHIELD consultant Tony Stark. It was strange that neither of them knew each other’s civilian identities and yet they were able to strike up conversation regardless. Iron Man was the one who caught him up to 21
Steve blinked at Tony then slowly moved to sit on the bed, drawing his legs up, and leaned back against the headboard. He looked sideways at Tony. Was this normal?
They sat in silence and Steve let Tony absorb it. He’d meant it. He wanted to stay. He was going to stay. With Tony.
He sat back into his chair and sighed.
"Shoulda known I couldn't trust your hands," Steve said between gasps of laughter. He reached down and rested his hands on Tony's hips as Tony shimmied down to settle his weight just above Steve’s belt.
Tony’s eyes shot open. “What do you mean?”
JARVIS displayed on the screen. Tony snorted. JARVIS continued,
Tony’s door burst open on the other side of the room and Tony jumped back to his feet as the two PLASM agents slid into combat stance just inside the doorway, weapons raised and charged, goggles down. Cap was now standing on the other side of the bed with his feet apart, hands raised, one forearm held out as if holding something strapped to it.
Tony shuffles in his seat and looks away. One day she’ll get him comfortable enough to 'talk about feelings' as he frequently puts it. One day at a time, though.
Steve’s phantom heart skipped a beat. Tony’s eyes flicked towards him and Steve could see the nervousness in the tightness at the corners. It was endearing to see Tony being nervous for anything at all, because of Steve. That humbled him, just a little, but he smiled back. It was what he wanted, after all. “I’d like that,” he said. And smiled wider when he finally saw a small quirk at the corner of Tony’s mouth.
Steve draws back the shield for a throw and the Skull raises the Cube up high. The light of the cosmos washes through the space around them and Steve feels his feet freeze as if caught in thick mud. He looks down and sees ice encasing him up to his ankles. It rises quickly and in moments, Steve is frozen from the waist down. He tries to chip at it with the shield but it was gone from his arm. The ice rises to his chin, over his mouth, his nose, his eyes, and then he’s fully encased, unable to even draw in a panicked breath.
He can take, and he can give.
Steve took in the car around them, the distances, the space. “Let’s try,” he breathed, and pushed at the anchor, moving with Tony as Tony landed on his back on the car seat with an
Tony leaned in started nibbling at his lips, freed hands roaming over his shoulders and chest. This close, Steve could see the shine in Tony's blue eyes brimmed around the darkness of arousal. Tony smelled of sweat and metal, the heat of sex radiating like hot coals from his skin; there was nothing Steve could ever find more alluring. It was all Steve could do to not close his eyes and drown himself in pleasure of the moment.
He was devising a plan to get a few contained spirits out of the Containment Unit when he stepped into the conference room behind Spengler and didn’t immediately notice that the room was dead silent despite the presence of his team as well as Fury and Hill. He looked up and saw everyone with their heads turned, staring straight at him.
He closes his eyes.
“How does
only smiled wider, wilder.
Jim sets his glass down and nudges the other at Tony. Tony takes the glass but keeps his still narrowed eyes on Jim as he takes a long swallow. Jim does roll his eyes this time.
Steve sighed again and reached for the perfectly fine knife in this back pouch. He opened his flask of water and placed it beside Stark before tending to the hemp ropes.
It probably wasn't surprising that Steve would eventually fall into bed with Tony. It certainly explained the heat stirring at the pit of his stomach whenever Tony, whatever he was wearing, had smiled at him with those expressive brown eyes twinkling. It was inevitable. It made Steve happier than anything he'd felt since he'd woke up in this new century. It opened doors to opportunities he never knew existed.
"Can you move?" T'Challa asked quietly.
deep into the night and even if Steve didn’t need to sleep, Tony surely did; Tony had become increasingly manic with each passing day that he’d slept badly. On the month anniversary since Steve had appeared as a ghost, and after night after night after night of increasingly numerous hauntings which had resulted in Steve forgoing his wandering of the grounds to actively watching over Tony’s sleep, hoping to drag off the clawing entities before they left physical injuries on Tony, Tony was the one to sit Steve down for a talk.
about this first, before anything else. Why hadn’t Steve told him about this? Around the table, he saw Thor’s expression of sympathy, Hill was swiping through her tablet, and Clint and Natasha had both looked away, heads hanging. Had they known?
The Captain looked away, guilt written across every feature not covered by his blue helmet. "He's still—we left him back there."
The light and darkness cycle in flashes above him.
Whoa, okay. This is something these two are going need to work through together by themselves. “You know how he feels about being an Avenger, Steve. He’s still working through the Ultron mess and—“
Steve sighed. “Okay,” he called through the door. “I’ll wait outside the room.”
Hulk lumbered away to sit down on the street corner and Tony, mind hazing over again at the sight of Steve before him, took that as a sign of both Bruce’s and Hulk's wellbeing. Natasha and Clint could take care of themselves and Tony didn't particularly care where they were taking the Quinjet. Right now, what he cared about was getting his hands on Steve. He needed to get every part of himself in contact with Steve. They needed to be horizontal. Or vertical. Tony wasn’t picky. Maybe Steve was strong enough to just pick him up, armor and all, hold him up, and just
“Tony—“ Steve started again.
“Hey, you asked,” Tony said.
Steve opens his mouth in question but is pushed aside by Pepper Potts, Tony’s ex-personal assistant, current CEO of Stark Industries.
it. For Steve to wake, for Steve to leave this false, happy, world. For them to travel back to the real world. With Tony.
Tony choked, eyes wide, skin turning pale, hands clutching at his chest. The arc reactor wasn’t glowing.
Steve snaps out of his shock and in one swift movement, he kicks the tank of water away, letting it slide across the dirty floor to burst soundlessly against the rocky walls. He catches Tony as he falls but Tony pushes him away, coughing, and suddenly, the scene renews.
“I am unharmed!” Thor’s voice came through the comms again, crackling a little, and Tony heard a breath of relief released from all of them. “His fists are fast for his size. It seems the loss of his steed has angered him.”
Steve felt the prickly bristles of Tony’s beard and mustache brush along his skin as Tony withdrew. His breath hitched at the thought of getting more beard burn in the near future and maybe also in the far future if he was going to be honest with himself.
JARVIS threw up a flashing warning for him but Tony didn’t have time to warn his teammates.
“Yup,” Clint said across from him. “We scanned the hell out of him while you were doing your rich man morning routine. The prelim ID checks out. Definitely a Class Four, and Full Torso even, but somehow zip on paranormal energy signatures. Your toaster put out more P.K.E. on the Meter than Cap here. We even zapped him with Natasha’s Pistols. Nada. He’s going into the special cases. Maybe the Full Imprint category. Or Wandering Souls?” Clint gestured widely with his mug. “And I’m going to need to tell Fury to make a better name for these. It gets confusing.”
“I almost had Tony agreeing,” Rhodey says, slowly rolling his tankard between his hands. “I had him making a not-promise. And then nothing.” He gestures sharply with his tankard. “Whole fortnight. The usual. No change. Nothing.”
Tony nodded vigorously.
Satisfied, Bucky indicates for the movie to start and they continue their exploration of the 70s with The Godfather Part Two.
, his father had always said.
Jim put up his hands. “Tony, can you admit that we’re wrong?”
Steve knew about the defence system, and Steve also knew that Tony had been working on it for almost two years. The protonic energy Tony must use would harm Tony’s person as well given the nature of the hauntings. Steve knew all that, because Tony himself had said it, shown it to him. Steve had never wanted to shake another person as much as he did Tony right then. Tony needed a shaking.
get his mouth on that patch of skin that had been calling to him since he'd gotten here. Stark made a noise of protest and it was easy enough for Steve to pin down the one free hand that tried to tug him back up. Steve was going to be the one doing the handling today.
“It wasn’t real,” Tony said, firm.
Slowly, he pulled Steve forward with one hand supporting his neck and the other at his shoulders. He leaned forward to let Steve’s forehead rest on his chest, then he reached back and took his still-warm pillow and placed it over the back of the seat before resting Steve’s head back. He adjusted the pillow then pulled the blanket over Steve and tucked it around his shoulders.
They all stop speaking and the silence resumes. Bruce decides to take the initiative. He grabs whatever he can reach of Thor and drags him back around the corner. “We’ll be elsewhere. Far from here,” he shouts over his shoulder. “I have cookies from Laura. We’ll save some for you. Have fun!”
There was a loud, ear-splitting screech as one of the creatures expired. Steve screwed his eyes shut, ears ringing, but the screech was immediately followed by a cacophony of louder, angered screeches and the sky burned brighter.
The 21
It had taken Steve. And if he couldn’t get it to obey him in its weakened state, then Tony was going to manifest the damn rock to its full power and get Steve back himself.
Steve had to half carry Tony back to his shop but Tony was warm and Steve was strong enough.
"Did we fix it?" he asked, just to be sure.
sorry for touching the arc reactor. It tugged and I came and it was glowing funny.”
Tony was drawing aside one of the girls who had danced with him. They were slowly making their way towards the stairs, both of them giggling too hysterically for Steve’s liking. And Steve—Steve should get Tony back home now.
Bruce keeps back as a streak of light descends on Thor who disappears in a swirl of dust and ozone.
Jim nods, ignoring the last part, not even pretending anymore. “Good authority, Tones. Any more desperate flimsy excuses?” He leans forward, making sure Tony is looking at him before he continues. “You deserve to have something for yourself in your life, Tony. You deserve to be happy. And if you both happen to want this, why wouldn’t you just try? At least try?”
“Good enough for me,” Tony says, clicking his fingers again, and they end up back in Tony’s room, this time without the sculpture. Tony nods at the space and turns back to Steve, expression serious. “I can’t do this long. I really have been practicing, but it’s still hard to concentrate so let’s make this quick.”
The Captain, Steve, looked so much lonelier without his friend Barnes to ground him. It had been a decision Barnes himself had made and T'Challa had been all too glad to provide the facilities – and the security – for the cryosleep.
“This is one of the longest relationships I’ve been in, the happiest I've been in a long time, and I think it’s because of the lack of sex. I’m a future guy, I see patterns. And I want to keep this relationship. I don’t want it to end because we do have sex. Which is what has always happened. There. That’s it. That’s why there’s only been heavy petting!” Because some people stopped angling for sex after they’ve had it. But a lot more people stopped angling for
Tony’s smirk grew wider and he started stepping slowly, deliberately, towards Steve. Steve kept his face blank, a mask of professionalism, and watched as Tony leaned himself onto the desk, head tipped in a defiant tilt. Even in this low light, Steve could see how blown Tony’s pupils were in arousal.
“He didn’t think it meant bread and cheese,” Tony said. Bless Aunt Pegs for the story.
Steve flipped back to the business section. The dollar was doing well against the euro. Maybe he should move to Europe for a few months, or years. He had been fond of Italy, when he wasn’t being shot at. Maybe somewhere in Tuscany will be good for a while.
As it was, he was now standing on the landing pad, ready to bid a final farewell to Steve. The Dora Milaje had wanted to accompany him but he denied them their presence. Steve was a stubborn man, but in the past fortnight, T'Challa had grown to admire the man's integrity. He trusted Steve with his life, if not with his country nor any political landscape.
He nosed behind Tony’s ear, then pressed himself to Tony’s entrance. Tony nodded at his pause and slowly, he eased himself into the clinging heat of
He continued to squeeze at Tony's ass with his left hand until he decided that he wanted another prize. Reaching around, he nudged a leg between Tony’s thighs and ground the heel of his palm into Tony's hardening cock while his right hand continued to roam Tony’s torso, sliding up to finger the Asolsa Lucida before moving on to loosen the silk red tie and start undoing the buttons of Tony's shirt. Tony, ever the stubborn man, kept talking business, only barely pressing his ass back against Steve's hard cock. Steve could feel him straining to hold still, his thighs stiff with the effort to keep still and his fingers twitching slightly in their gestures mid-air as he continued to ignore Steve's attempts to make him surrender.
It wasn’t like anything life-changing had happened.
Tony’s mind went straight to the gutter. Tony’s mind went
Steve leans back into his seat and groans, back of his hand over his eyes. He mouths something Bucky can’t make out but Bucky reaches over all the same, metal hand patting consolingly on Steve’s knee.
Steve slid the seat back until there was just enough space between him and the desk. He clicked his fingers and pointed to the floor in front of him. Tony licked wetly at his lips, the sound loud in the silence between them, and then walked around the desk, the fingers of one hand sliding along the edge of the table and the other pulling at his tie. When he stood in front of Steve, hip cocked, he dropped the undone tie into Steve’s lap.
Except this wasn’t like any level of intoxication he’d ever experienced and his experiences had been, put simply, extremely extensive. This was almost a compulsion. This was a craving he had never encountered before. This was a craving he felt right down to the very core of his being, and maybe right down to his soul if he believed in that kind of thing. It was almost physically tugging at him towards something.
“We cuddled—“
“Not like I know you,” Stark said, and Steve sensed a roll of eyes.
He stopped.
Tony, dressed in a neat black suit, is looking down at a particular tombstone. Steve tries to make out the name, but can’t. Around them, amongst the tombstones, half-formed figures appear and disappear. Some are in pristine military gear, some are so torn Steve can barely make out their features. Steve looks away and steps up to Tony but Tony doesn’t appear to notice any of it. Steve doesn’t know what to say, so he stands in silence with Tony.
Steve nods, blinks once slowly and then starts laughing. And laughing harder. And Tony couldn’t help it – he joins in.
. But he would look back at all he had lost, all the things he couldn’t physically do, the living population who couldn’t even see him unless Tony was present, everything that was familiar and yet so different, and he’d give in to the need to move on. He didn’t really belong.
“Bruce!” Sharon calls out, then rounds the island to give him a hug. “Join us for lunch? We've got plenty. Unless you have business elsewhere?” She looks over at Thor and receives a grin.
Tony smiled. “Life can go on.”
There was a flush rising on Steve's face and T'Challa refrained from further comments. This was not strictly his business, but perhaps they would be happier if he could prompt one of them into extending a hand.
“Love is a human emotion,” ghost-Tony said in an unfamiliar tone. He walked towards Steve as if floating through honey. “But it is powerful and it would have made a good brother.” He stopped right before Steve, a foot away, and smiled with a tilted head. It was unnatural, but somehow familiar even on Tony’s features. And Steve knew where he’d seen it before.
The first time Iron Man curled into his side as Tony Stark, the true Golden Avenger, Steve felt a little
"You didn't answer my question then, either."
Steve turned back to the counter, looking Tony straight in the eye.
Extremis ran through his veins like fire.
“That is
That was fair. "I give you my word as the Black Panther, and the to-be King of Wakanda. I will not turn you, either of you, over to the mercy of the Accords."
Steve—
Tony buzzed another circle around the blob and it groaned at him. Facing its leading edge, he fired off a proton shot at it. It wriggled and shot a wad of red slime at him. He dodged it and shot its back. The blob wobbled and gurgled but continued to attempt a road crossing. Tony watched as one of Clint’s arrows flew through the air and embedded itself on top of the blob. A wave of protonic energy washed over the blob and it shuddered, ceasing its forward progress.
“Tony, I’m busy. Go tell your mother,” Howard points a pencil at them without looking up.
He tore his thoughts away from his regrets and looked down at Tony’s lips. They were parted slightly, reddened and shiny. He gave in to the urge to touch and reached forward to feel their kiss-softened warmth beneath the pad of his thumb.
“Howard!” The voice came again, louder, closer than Tony would have liked.
He closed his eyes and this time, he saw the red of Tony’s cheeks as they stood looking at the snow, and the quirk of Tony’s smile. The way he laughed as he spun through the air in the Iron Man armor.
“I’m graceful,” Pietro mutters, “or else I’d trip on rocks and break my nose every time I run. Or run into walls. I can be graceful. People just don’t see it… It’s not that special. And I can fly. It’s more like being in the air for a long time before hitting ground but I can fly.”
It was simple enough to transform thought to action and he had Tony's back plastered to his front, right hand pulling Tony closer to him by the stomach, the left smoothing the creased fabric over the curve of Tony's ass in the scant space between their bodies. Tony kept talking, barely a hitch in his breath, and Steve took it as a challenge. He nibbled along Tony's ear and took to sucking the skin at the base of Tony's neck as he undid the buttons of Tony's waistcoat one by one.
“You could look less like you’re going to your execution,” Ton—Stark said from across the back seat of the car.
“Then why did you go ask Fury to look for your shield?”
Try as he might, but he found it hard to separate his civilian life as Steve Rogers from his Avenging life as Captain America. There were opportunities every day almost paraded before him, but he could never bring himself to take them. Did he present himself as Steve Rogers? Did he present himself as Captain America? The war never taught him how to deal with his dual identities because even his down time had mostly involved being shot at or kissing babies under flashbulbs. Peggy knew, but Peggy was also miles away in a rest home and only remembered him every other visit.
"I always blamed Howard," Stark continued, voice a rasp. "For mom's death. How could he be so irresponsible with her sitting by him, you know? How could he" —his armored arm lifted, but dropped half way— "just be that irresponsible to
Pietro gives him a lopsided grin then turns back to watch his sister and his other teammate fly together. Bruce and Thor continue on into the main building.
“Tony provides all the toys,” Bruce continues, patting the walls as they walk. “Very traditional father gesture.”
“Listen, kid,” Tony began.
There was a small whimper from the speakers and Tony’s voice stumbled into silence. He stilled and listened. “Are you touching yourself?” he asked, incredulous and more than a little bit flattered. More than a little glad he had some hard evidence that this wasn't one-sided.
Steve, aware that he’d accidentally entered a dream again, plays it by ear. “Hi.”
prepared for this. Through the gaps between his fingers, he saw Steve hover at his shoulder with the shield. The shield that Steve had apparently wanted to find. The shield that might have moved Steve on. The shield that might have moved Steve on without Tony being present to even say goodbye.
Steve felt a little bud of something take root inside him. It was a long forgotten feeling but he knew what it was. It was purpose and it was the desire to take something just for himself. He smiled his best smile - the goofy, toothy smile that he kept untangled from his propaganda smiles. He hoped Stark would like it and he was charmed in turn when Stark returned a small, shy smile so different to the public images plastered all over the media. He wondered what Iron Man would say to that if he was watching this stealthily from a distance.
He heard Tony follow him and settle back on the other side of the counter.
One of the Earths in their temporal space had not been filled with good-hearted humans.
And he thought he’d made friends in this new life. Over time, they’d brushed the title aside and treated him like just any other hero wanting to do
Bruce smiles and turns towards to doors leading inside, Thor a step behind him. But before he could take two steps, a hand catches his upper arm and he tenses as he turns around. Pietro draws back a little and lets go of his arm but keeps his eyes on Bruce.
His eyes snapped open wide at that thought. Love? Did he? He looked at Tony. Tony was smiling back at him so fondly, a hand rubbing idly below the arc reactor.
“I swear he’s plugged his ears against the sound of my voice," Sam says.
It was Christmas Eve and outside the floor-to-ceiling windows of Tony’s office, the twinkle of stars could be seen through the light polluted atmosphere. The traffic in the streets below was dwindling at the late hour but here and there, the strobe lights of ongoing parties flashed cheerfully. The lights from Rockefeller Center were still bright with revelers and Times Square, further down, was a kaleidoscope of color.
Sam hears Steve sigh through the comms. Steve’s given up on telling them off for chatter on the comms. Swearing, amusing sarcastic remarks, and general horsing around was common on their comms and the law enforcement they’ve worked with have received it with mixed responses.
T'Challa had no doubt that he could tear the Captain and the Soldier apart in their current condition but this was no longer his objective. Slowly, he raised his hands and removed his Panther helmet to look them both in the eye.
“She’s not a nurse and she hates it when you call her that.”
Steve looked away from Tony and tried to recall the night, but all he could see in his mind was the silhouette he’d thought was Tony, the weight of the body above him, the barest brush of cold lips, and most of all the disappointment that followed when the weight left him with a barely audible mumble of an apology. And nothing had ever been acknowledged. Until now.
What had his life been but a series of events and his reactions to them? He thought he could break that cycle in death but that didn’t appear to be the case. It didn’t matter whether or not he had only been kept here because of some paranormal force’s whims; he had wanted to stay with Tony, but he wanted Tony safe more than anything else.
Steve didn’t know. He really didn’t. “We haven’t had any luck with anything else, so why not?”
Holy shit.
“I see you made it here on time, Tony—“
Spengler’s frown deepened and Tony almost took a step back at the intensity of the uncharacteristic scowl. “It’s empty.”
“My plans are for leisure this day,” Thor says, and accepts a hug from Sharon, lifting her off her feet in the process.
After yet another half mile, he thought he saw something on top of the rails. He quickened his steps and after a minute, he could make out something that looked like the powder blue of Stark's favorite suit. The figure was wriggling, the movement now unmistakable as Stark's, and Steve almost fell over from the panic that rose up this throat.
Thor claps Bruce hard on the shoulder and Bruce stumbles forward a step before being righted by a pair of strong hands around his upper arms. “My apologies, Bruce!” Thor says, and Bruce brushes it off with a wave of his hand. “But yes I will lend you my services for this worthy endeavor.”
He grasped tighter onto the Stone and when he opened his eyes, he wasn’t looking at the lab – he was looking at the world as it was, teeming with the life,
. This wasn’t him. This was—this was
Steve smiled back, and they spent the rest of the evening thinking up increasingly ridiculous activities to do.
“Did you go find someone to give you a hand?” Tony asked before his brain-to-mouth filters caught up.
Steve turns, ready to deny it, to offer comfort, anything - but Tony waves his hands at him and returns to his missile designs.
“How’re you holding up?” Steve asked. He sounded tired.
“Tony,” Steve said firmly. “I knew exactly how your chest would have looked, with the scarring, and now I do know how it looks. Nothing more.” With that, he sat down and pointedly looked between Tony and the bed.
He stepped right through the door of the car and took a seat by Tony, reaching back to deposit the shield in the backseat. Tony didn’t show any indication of knowing Steve was present but he shifted at the sound of the shield touching the leather.
Now Tony’s shell was cracked beyond repair – by Steve – and Steve’s future was, once again, a new life at the cost of losing everything he’d loved in this old one. He didn’t know if it was worth it, this time around.
From his ice coffin, he sees the Skull drop the Cube and vanish. His shield is by the Cube and he strains against the ice to get at it. They’re still flying towards America and he needs to get the plane away. Now.
. The world around him vanished at his thought and he swayed forward, almost dropping to his knees. His entire left arm was agonising, crackling in heat and pain from holding the Stone but he continued to ignore it, searching around him.
Steve didn’t know what was happening but his arm was hurting with every word exchanged as Stark’s fingers dug deeper and harder into his arm. From his side vantage, he could see Stark’s eyes tightening in the corners behind his giant sunglasses, incongruous with the shit-eating grin he had plastered on his face.
Steve rushes forward but everything fades with the light in Tony’s eyes.
“I know it’s strictly not my business,” Steve said cautiously, “but do you think you can tell me about it?”
“I don’t know.”
The door opened behind him without warning and Steve jumped to his feet to see Tony squinting at him through the low light. Tony had put on a dark shirt, the material masking the glow of the arc reactor, and his sleep pants. He stepped back and swept an arm at the room, and Steve moved past Tony quickly, making his way to his usual spot by the windows.
Steve felt his own shoulders crick from relief and he huffed. “We could have saved ourselves all the trouble. I can’t believe someone else took our supposed first kiss.”
“Hey everyone,” FRIDAY chirps from the phone, just loud enough to hear over the noise around them. “I’m still logging a significant volume of blacked out communications on both Steve's and Tony’s phone and computers since our last meeting. Estimated possibilities are text messages: 874; emails: 13; video and voice call time: 10 hours 11 minutes. In short, no change. And,” she adds, a little disapproving pout in her voice, “if I didn’t want to rip my virtual hair out from all this, I’d tell you all off, myself included, for stalking and invasion of privacy.”
In the elevator, he made sure to press the right floor number. And finally in his own bedroom, his last thought as he drifted to sleep was that he probably wouldn’t remember any of it in the morning.
Tony rolled his eyes but got up and picked his usual corner cell. The walls were nice to lean against and he wasn’t on display if anyone happened to walk in. Steve closed and locked the door behind him and then pocketed the keys instead of hanging them up again. Tony spun around once then sat himself down and looked up expectantly at Steve.
When he turned around, Tony was standing in the middle of the room, hand rubbing at the back of his head with an unreadable expression on his face.
And he is completely naked. With someone equally male and naked pressed against his back, kissing along his shoulders.
Natasha takes her chance, and her victory. She leans forward and lets her face relax into a genuine smile. “Tony, you’ll never know unless you try. My sources—“
Steve let his mind drift and he dreamed.
The thing wearing Tony’s face tipped its head to the side, studying Steve. “Those broken pieces of souls Anthony had around him were never enough to satiate me. Or, Vanko was it? Vanko was disgusting. And then you interfered, and I had to summon more.” It tapped at its chest, over the green glow. “Anthony never said yes. He was so close, all those times, and I could only drain him so much. He’s such a fragile creature,” it grinned with
Pure. Different. Of an energy they couldn’t detect because it hadn’t decayed like all those others. Uncharacterized, and dismissed by Tony as a consequence.
“Since we’re both single fellas on Valentine’s Eve,” Steve continued, palms sweating a little as he ploughed on, “want to join me for dinner? Or we can plan something nice for tomorrow if you think you’re up for it.” He stood still and waited for Stark to come to a decision, hoping he didn’t just make a huge damn idiot of himself.
Steve wasn’t liking where this was going.
Steve sighs. Bucky waits.
, apparently new to her powers and mastering them even as they were having this confrontation out in the evacuated streets. Smart kid, Tony had to admit. Kept them all busy for more than a few minutes. Just needed some guidance.
JARVIS kindly took them up to the penthouse and Tony deposited Steve at the door to their bedroom. Steve tried to pull him in but Tony in the suit was always stronger and he pushed Steve away with ease.
The HUD helpfully informed him of a spike in heart rate, respiratory rate, and core temperature. His brain waves were going crazy. He felt a sheen of sweat break across his brow. His crotch region felt uncomfortably tight in the armor. And all he could think about was tasting Steve’s lips. Feeling Steve’s hands across his skin, gripping, pulling, pushing. The weight of Steve’s—
He pulls Tony in around the neck as Tony rubs the back of his head. “Good to see you looking healthy, Tony. Now let’s get beer and bitch about life.”
Tony walked up to the bed, wincing as every step sent a jolt of pain up his arm and to his chest. The Stone in his palm pulsed with heat in time with his heartbeat, stinging the edges of his entire being. He ignored it and looked down at the sight of himself tangled in bed with Steve, fast asleep. Their hair was mussed and the thin sheets left no doubt as to their nakedness.
“Fine,” Tony says at last. “But no promises. Only when a good opportunity arises.”
“And you could stop pretending it’s anything but,” Steve bit out. They both knew Tony’s work would be easier if Steve was gone from the picture permanently.
,” Tony retorted, hissing as a searing, red heat started to build up in his left palm again, pulsing at his fingertips. Steve’s arms tightened around him and Tony didn’t have the heart to tell him it was more painful than not.
As if to prove a point, Stark leaned forward and began to push himself to his feet. The whir of frozen servos being forced into action was loud and cutting. T'Challa stood and prepared to lend a hand as Stark push and pulled against the ground, fighting the dead weight and frozen joints with every movement until he was standing tall. And even standing a few centimeters taller than T'Challa and encased in bulky armor, the man still managed to look small. T'Challa knew why; it was always in the eyes. T'Challa was just glad that he was mobile.
Not-Tony laughed, the sound inhuman. “I
“Masturbating for science,” Tony muttered to himself as he wriggled out of his pants. “Never thought those words would make it out of my mouth again.” Filing away the fantastic mental image of Steve’s mouth and of things going into Steve's mouth, he made sure the biometrics from his finger, wrist, and head were still being read clearly and then got down to business.
Tony didn’t want to test out what they would do to a person so he dodged again, rolling lazily around the ball of pink. The feeds on his HUD showed Clint on the rooftop opposite the kid, arrow notched but not drawn. Bruce was hovering nervously in their landed Quinjet a little ways off. Natasha was approaching the kid front on, batons stowed and hands raised. Steve and Thor were making their way toward the kid from the sides, hammer down but poised to spin and shield ready to be raised.
himself was feeling.
Tony choked on his water. “Fuck—you can’t—that’s not—that's—“
“Thank you, FRIDAY,” Natasha says. The boys mumble around her. She hears “pathetic pining” from at least two of them. She agrees wholeheartedly. With both sentiments. But this has to be done.
Tony gathered himself and tried to use his voice. “Big guy?” he prompted.
He waved at JARVIS to open the line and simply grumbled in greeting.
Steve laughed and Tony hung on tight for the ride as they made their way over to the makeshift cot at the back of the workshop, where they could enjoy each other at a more leisurely pace.
Almost nine million people in this city and only a handful could treat him like a normal fella. He didn’t scream superhero but his superserumed physique was still noticeably different to the civilians he wanted to interact with.
When Steve had been young - shorter than everyone, louder than anyone, and sicklier than an entire hospital ward - he had been certain of the one thing in life: he would probably not live beyond his teenage years, despite the tender care of his mother, and he’d never looked far into the future beyond vague concepts and general wants and desires. Even through his victories against HYDRA, he’d never thought anything more than what it was they had to do next to win the war.
That sentiment lasted until the witch showed up again and blew a giant hole in the side of his precious Tower. She'd only been renovating with her
, God, I want, please,
At street level, the shops had all been polished up to 21
Maybe he should. That roof looked particularly suitable—
Bruce spots Pietro skulking by the control station towards the side of the hangar and makes his way there. Thor follows, apparently picking up on the same undercurrent as Bruce had. They'll leave the lovebirds to fly by themselves.
Clint’s head was pounding like the ruckus of an underground fight club. He rummaged through the freezer for something cold and his hands closed over a bag of peas. Good enough. He extracted the peas, hoping Jarvis wouldn’t kill him in the morning, and plonked it onto the side of his face to ward off the swelling and pain.
. Him, a man of science,
Well. Natasha looks down at the case she’s holding. So maybe Tony managed to pull one over her. She laughs as she walks up into the atrium and several of the Agents look at her in alarm. She gives them a more sedate smile then proceeds to go find Bucky to give him a hand.
he couldn’t even
Steve knew. He sighed. “I wouldn’t have told. Not going to. Why would I?”
“Sorry,” Tony said quickly, and accelerated towards where Thor had been. Natasha and Clint, wrapped in each of his arms, would be able to handle the G forces.
Back at the Tower, Maria was waiting for them in the landing bay and Tony ignored her look of complete shock at what must have been a magnificent sight of Captain America attempting to make out with the Iron Man suit.
Tony’s head snapped up, eyes wide in panic.
He set his glass down harder than he should, but it didn’t break like it would have. It was a long time before he looked up again.
“My choice was to sign myself up as an attack dog for the government, or to not. It wasn’t a hard choice and I stick by it.”
They were both pathetic idiots.
Stark frowned didn’t reply. He sat back with another wince, a sign he wasn’t holding to his composure. “No one died this time,” Stark said in a tired voice. “There were a few still in critical when I last checked but everyone is going to make it.”
“I could whip up more,” Tony said, desperate.
In the past year, he’d been to more places, experienced more things than he ever had when he’d been alive. And what was the purpose of it all? He knew the Avengers had acted to move him on from this half-existence but as nothing had worked, this objective had fallen to the wayside. There was never any burning desire in Steve to do anything, want anything - nothing like what Class Four ghosts should feel. Steve had started to just enjoy the moment. And those moments had, of late, become moments with just Tony.
Peggy had been the only remaining person on his little list because she was the only one still alive. Steve had not been surprised to learn of this but he had had a hard time deciding if he’d wanted her to see him like this at all. If he’d wanted to see her like this. In the end, he’d fallen back to the mantra that had been running through his head - he didn’t belong, he didn’t belong - and he’d gone, hoping it would bring peace to the both of them. She had cried and he had wanted to hug her tight, withered and fading as she was and insubstantial as his body was. When it had been time to part ways again, he had not moved on, but her mind and her memories had.
Steve ignored the choked-back sobs and continued to look out the window.
Steve knew. “If that purpose was to stay?”
The men keep pushing Tony down, calling him names, laughing, throwing water at Tony’s chest and the battery.
, and it broke the reactor and tried to use my ghost to gain more power and Steve traded mine for his and now he’s gone and that entity is
When they’d finally Trapped the last animal at sundown, it had started to snow. The team had had a happy and rowdy dinner but Steve had stepped out to the Iron Man landing pad halfway to watch over the whitening city. Steve may be dead and he couldn’t eat, but he could still admire the scenery. He just wished he could pick up a pencil to capture it.
Three months since Steve had moved on and Tony thought he was doing admirably well. He’d tried, in the first month, to brush up his knowledge of souls,
“I was,” Tony whispered into the room. “I
“You of all people should know how important it is to do the right thing, Captain,” Pepper says. She sniffs audibly and Steve feels an inch tall. “I was hired to do this job and regardless of whether I like it or not, I’m keeping the company afloat and I intend to keep it that way and I won’t let Tony wreck himself and everything this company is supposed to stand for.” She blinks the tears from her eyes and walks away into the haze, the sound of her shoes clicking and fading.
Natasha’s going to kill him. “Last week.”
Tony was standing stock still but there was something like relief in the line of his armored shoulders.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Jim says with a straight face and takes another drink. “Besides, your messages were getting a little pathetic. An intervention was in order.”
“She’s a greeat lady,” Tony said. “Don’t know what she sees in Richards.”
Slowly, as if weighted in lead, Tony reached up and took Steve’s hand in a stiff handshake, feeling the tingle of warmth radiating from Steve’s palm and into his own. Tony had always thought that Steve would have callused hands and he hadn’t been mistaken. He was touching Steve. Outside of a dream. He almost expected his hand to fall through but
, said. “I apologize for intruding but,” he looked to Fury, the only other person in the room, and Fury sighed but nodded, and Steve (
Tony looked at the clock. It was early in the morning. ‘Night’ was over. He was, by technicality, a free man. “Alright, Steve, I’ll come by tomorrow after I’ve finished the shed and sign your papers for you to file.” He straightened his coat and felt at the hidden contraption under his sleeve. He’ll refine it. He has to.
“You took my hand,” Steve said, quiet. “And I felt the warmth. I remembered.”
Okay. Not Bobbi’s lips. Not Bobbi’s hands. He hadn’t signed up for this either. He pushed himself up and away, then realized he was in the wrong room because everything really was in the wrong place. Okay, he was going to sleep in his own bed now. He mumbled an apology as he left, closing the door as quietly as he could.
It definitely didn’t brighten Tony’s mood when giant mascots possessed by other dimensional entities chose another weekend to throw slime in his face. The weekend was also the only time he had to tinker to his heart’s content and he absolutely refused to fall into his old habits of missing Stark Industries work in the weekdays and disappointing Pepper.
Beside Tony, Cap sighed and stood straight again, hands resting on his belt buckle. “Thank you.” He looked at each of them in turn, eyes lingering on Tony’s arc reactor. “To answer Tony’s earlier questions, I don’t know how I got here, I don’t know how long I’ve been around, and I knew Howard reasonably well.” He shrugged. “Wasn’t a hard man to figure out.”
. There was still that tingling under his skin, and an easy hardness in his pants whenever his thoughts veered anywhere near Steve. His hands were now shaking even when his body was too spent to do anything other than shiver and sweat with desire.
“—yes, please, Steve, please, let me, touch me, touch me, Steve,
“JARVIS said you had something to say?” he asked instead.
“I don’t look
The very best times, though, were not during the trips themselves, but during the return trip where they had hours upon hours to themselves, undisturbed. Even though he'd never called himself a businessman, even though he rarely appeared to care about the running of Stark Industries beyond Research and Development, Tony still had a mind for business. It was why Pepper ordered him on these trips. Tony had a mouth on him and he could talk the talk with the best of them. And this talking always riled Tony up; he would pace up and down, hands waving animatedly, his suit jacket unbuttoned as he poured his thoughts about the successful merger into the open space of the cabin. Steve watched, amused, noting the creases at the back of Tony’s jacket from sitting for too long. He wanted to smooth them out.
reached up with a frown and scratched at the side of its head. It mouthed something Tony couldn’t make out. “You know Howard? Howard Stark? Are you related to Howard?”
“You’re the thing from the ice,” Steve realized. “You were with me. You, in Tony’s dreams.” This couldn’t be Tony. Tony was behind him. Bruce was tending to Tony. Tony was
There were hands clawing at his chest again, holding him down. They were clawing through his skin, through his ribs, and right into his heart. He felt the pain down to his bones and he screamed.
“But maybe we should start from the beginning,” Tony continued, looking away from Steve’s hopeful gaze. “We should start again. As friends.” The armor dissolved around him and Steve was faced with a Tony Stark with rumpled hair, creased shirt, and frumpy slacks – and he was as gorgeous as ever. He shook his head and looked back at Steve. “I can’t—We can’t be together like that with us as we are now. But maybe we’ll get there one day?”
He feels a tug. “Steve.”
“So,” Clint said loudly, stowing the Wand and clapping his hands together. “Captain
"Fractured skull, he had," Stark said in a hollow voice as if reciting a list. "Multiple fractures, large and small all over his face, and splinters of bone in his brain. She had a broken humerus, five broken ribs all along the right side, punctured lung, a broken neck from severe whiplash and a crushed larynx from the
God, but his head was really pounding.
Steve should want to salvage their ruin of a relationship. Tony had been his, once. Steve didn’t have the privilege of calling him that anymore.
"Gonna ride you like the prized stallion you are," Tony breathed. He nipped at Steve's bottom lip sharply then withdrew before Steve could recapture his lips for a kiss. "Incoming trains, incoming riders, incoming sun, take your pick. I'll finish you off in two minutes. Got any objections, Steve, oh Sheriff, my savior?"
Steve smiles at that. This is just like Tony. Except the blushing - but this is a dream so Steve is going to ignore it out of politeness. And ignore it even more because he wants to feel the heat of the blush beneath his palm, which he thinks might be just a little bit too far even for a dream. “Crushing the moment with sex jokes again?”
that had been in his arc reactor.
“It was me,” Steve said quickly. “I asked Fury—“
“He’s always gone, these days,” Maria says, not looking at him. “He’s looking for you. He’ll never find you and he’ll lose Tony along the way.”
Thor shakes his head. “I, like yourself, have only just stepped into the building. But I do believe Tony is yet to arrive.”
Or, as Tony finally stood in front of the helicarrier’s Containment Unit, it could take all of the remnants of souls that had ever been captured to date.
“Of course, sir. Project AESP3-79-89 codenamed Bullshit Very Unscientific Sex Whammy Thing has been created. I’ve also taken the liberty in preparing a shower with a fresh change of clothes at the ready.”
Again, he found no biological changes. He noted that his heart rate and brain waves were almost at baseline while he'd been speaking with Steve the day before. That didn't explain why picturing Steve in his mind could make him come untouched. He couldn't explain anything. He was failing all the cognitive tests because he just couldn’t
The agent coughed and groaned and grimaced as each movement brought about more pain. A small amount of blood was soaking through the shoulder of the black uniform and the rest was dribbling down his chin as he wheezed. Too bad the blood was necessary.
Stark ground up against him, one arm and two legs wound tight around Steve as he continued to move his hips in languid rolls. Steve took the moment to enjoy the ride, wrapped in Stark's warmth with bristly kisses breathed onto his cheek. He could feel Tony growing hard between them with every roll of hips. If this were any other time, he would let Stark do whatever he wanted. If they were in any other place, he might be inside Stark already. Stark could have been inside him already…
“The blob’s been eating up my arrows and Tasha’s stings like cotton candy. I’m out of Anti-Slime Slime arrows.” He fired another Waterfall Arrow at the blob. “Tasha’s ETA’s two minutes.”
In the end, though, it didn’t really matter, because he was still the one who was getting to have spectacular sex with Steve. Witch kid could suck it.
The resultant flood of excess unanimated slime had slid to the ground with gravity and washed over the pavement into the trenches. The Anti-Slime platoon was spraying Anti-Slime Slime over anything red and oozing. After another fifteen seconds, everything that remained on the ground was a neutral grey. The platoon fiddled with their tanks and then started sucking up the slime from the ground.
“How about we try this again,” Tony said, thumbs brushing gently over Steve’s skin.
However, T'Challa would do the single favour of turning a blind eye to the prison break Steve had orchestrated a week prior. That part of the Accords also needed amendment. T'Challa had never thought it would have come into play so soon and he would be meeting with Thaddeus Ross in particular in the coming weeks and months to straighten out the proposed changes.
Steve sighed and muttered something unintelligible. “Sorry. That didn't come out right. I just." Another sigh. "I didn’t know you thought that way.”
Steve growled and turned to walk the hallway to his bedroom. He didn’t need this tonight. Not again.
we have between us now and I don’t even remember how it happened. There’s still the guilt every time I…. But I remember everything from before, and I wanted this, too, maybe even before you knew I was Iron Man.”
When Tony made his way down to the kitchen thirty minutes later, freshly groomed and squeaky clean, and, most importantly, with ointments slathered over the deeper cuts from the night before, he found Steve, Clint, and Natasha chatting animatedly at the island.
to feel anything other than contempt for it. “I cannot give you Steve. I want to be whole again. Be with my brothers again.”
Bruce smiles and they step onto the landing for the recreating floor. He looks up at Thor. “Kitchen?”
There was another muffled grunt and Tony could hear the sounds of skin rubbing along slick skin. “I’d like that, thanks.”
Tony ignored that last comment for now. “I see the costume, buddy,” he folded his arms. “They sell ‘em on Amazon by the boatload. And that’s basic history book knowledge about World War Two. You’re gonna have to be more specific.”
Half of it was his own fault.
And Tony didn’t even hesitate to make that promise.
It quite literally opened doors, too. Steve gained access to Tony's closet. The size of a small apartment, it was like a treasure trove and Steve didn't know how to handle it. The first time Tony asked him to go pick out a different tie for him because they were running too short on time for him to change into an evening suit, Steve stood there in the 'closet' and took in the entire section of suits and ties and shoes and shirts and sat down on the nearest bench to control his thoughts and his very ill-timed flash of arousal. And when Tony wandered in five minutes later, creamy white shirt undone at the collar beneath a slate gray Tom Ford ensemble in a cut which accentuated his hips, Steve lost it completely.
“I’m sorry,” Steve added again. “I was out of line, and seeing your dreams—“
“Oh my God, I’m so sorry, Steve,” Tony blurts out, reaching forward to take Steve’s hand away to check the damage. Steve’s cheek was a little red but nothing was broken or bleeding and Tony relaxes a little.
On the one hand, they were out in the middle of nowhere on top of the rail line with the sun still flickering through the clouds. Someone might have noticed the explosions – the townspeople perhaps – and riders could come by them any minute. On the other hand, Fisk's men shouldn't be a problem anymore and neither should the explosives the locomotive had been hauling. They would be able to feel an approaching train through the vibrations in the iron and it should be easy enough to cut Stark's wrist free in time. And Stark was bound and vulnerable and there was a patch of tanned skin just peeking at him just above Stark's pants, just enough to see a dark trail of hair…
Steve’s existence didn’t revolve around Tony, and of course Steve would want to move on. Steve was dead. Steve was a ghost. Steve was a ghost just
What had Steve tried? Surely he’d tried giving himself a handjob. But what else? Did he pull up images to help? Did he pull up videos? Videos of Tony? Sexy videos of Tony? Did he put anything inside himself? Fingers? A toy? Did Steve own any toys? Tony owned toys. Tony owned many toys. Tony wouldn’t mind sharing those toys with Steve, not at all, if it meant they could play with them togeth—
“You mean
“Nat put you up to this.”
“Tony Stark, at your service,” Tony parroted.
Tony threw his hands up in frustration then gestured for the entity to continue.
Tony cursed under his breath. “I have state of the art facilities at the Tower. If you’d just authorize a damned Containment Unit there—“
Another shot of pink was flung in Steve’s direction and he deflected it to the ground with his shield. It dissipated in a puff of light. Not much kinetic energy, Tony observed. JARVIS was analyzing every shot – all that came of it was that the light, or energy, or whatever it was, was on the visible EM spectrum. That didn't explain how the dilapidated building she was fixated on had warping windows and trees sprouting horizontal from the sides and—he wasn’t calling it
Steve was doing this?
“Well I’m not calling them souls,” Tony muttered, thinking of Spengler’s baseless hypotheses on the matter.
“I have two prototypes of the new Quinjet in the works. You and Danvers look over the blueprints and test them out when I deliver, yeah? Next month some time. Having trouble getting some materials. The German’s are dicks…”
Tony had been tired lately but physically, he looked to be in good health. Steve was aware that Tony had a well-toned physique, having also watched him train hard in the gym, but being peripherally aware and having a naked Tony with only a short towel wrapped low on his hips appear before him were two entirely different things.
“No psychokinetic energy. No psychomagnotheric energy. No anything.” Spengler flipped the switches on the side and the Trap opened.
“Cap—“
It was meant to be a day of celebration. Steve’s first year as Sheriff since he arrived in Timely. Tony’s first year staying put in one place since the War. They didn’t give a reason for why they were having a gathering, but the town didn’t need one to have some fun. Almost everyone in town had turned up at the inn for a good night.
Tony, clearly relieved, begins to relay the tale of Pepper and Happy’s new dog, Socrates.
Just one more matter at hand. "Can I trust you with Zemo?" he asked.
Steve sighs again. Bucky resists just reaching over and giving him a noogie.
Steve. That thing, that entity, it
s rang through the comms at their Captain’s order and they ranged out around the Colonel into position.
And Steve lets out a strangled sort of moan and closes his eyes briefly and, oh God, they’re still pressed really tightly together and, oh Lord, Bruce should not be thinking about why that is.
“You don’t have to stay here with me, Steve,” Tony said as he arranged his pillow on the one bench. “I can make do by my own self.”
He realized Tony was waiting for a response from him.
A thick proton stream fired from the belly mounted canon and hit the Colonel right in its white-shirted chest. Thor, heedless of the massive proton beam, moved in to swing his hammer right into the Colonel’s forehead. The Colonel staggered back one step, tripping on the trip stream Clint had set up, and fell onto its back with a great boom. Clint’s arrows rained in an outline along the Colonel’s body and as the last arrow fell, the pink capture streams formed between them and the arrows and stings already embedded in its body. Tony let loose his missiles and, along with a few remaining arrows of Clint’s and a dozen strikes of lightning in rapid succession, the Colonel’s chest exploded right on top of the Trap.
“—weeks, months, forever—“
“Do you want me to keep talking?”
, but his case had been the only one that was documented in any detail. There were hints here and there of other Class Fours who had been whole souls but they were old and the evolution of language had not helped with those accounts. He knew he couldn’t have kept Steve roaming in this world, present but not, but he also wondered if there’d been anything else he could have done. Hadn’t Steve bargained with the Stone to revive Tony? Could Tony have done the same for Steve, somehow, without a body? Thor hadn’t known, but surely, Tony could have figured it out?
Tony felt a touch at his jaw and his head was slowly turned to face Steve. Steve was smiling, gentle, and Tony knew where this was headed. He tried to shake his head but his neck wasn’t obeying him anymore.
"But," and Tony heard the hesitation in Steve’s voice loud and clear, "I couldn't stay because your voice and what you were saying about fucking me into surfaces was going to make me knock down the walls—"
“It’ll be worth it,
Tony didn’t think he’d ever come this many times in such a short span even when he’d
Steve snorted. He’d seen those in his nightly wanderings and they didn’t look very appealing. He shook his head. “No,” he said, “I’d want to go somewhere lively, spend time with people I care about. I’d want to visit Coney Island again.” He glanced over at Tony, who was gazing out the window, eyes unfocused but nodding at Steve’s words. “We could go there, go on all the rides.” And he could picture himself walking on the boardwalk, Tony dragging him along through the crowds. “I want to try eating cotton candy.” He remembered the sweetness, the way it melts, how he and Bucky had shared a small ball of it, fighting over who gets to hold it and laughing when they’d kept walking into people. “I can show you up at the games, win and rub it in your face.” And he pictured winning a trinket, presenting it to Tony, Tony smiling and—
Steve snorted. “I know what I did.”
Steve sat back into the chair and waited. The leather squeaked as he shifted but otherwise, like all of Tony’s things, it felt comfortable. Secure.
“I know he’s your best digital friend,” Bucky begins, and Steve grunts at the description, “but he’s got his reasons.” He squeezes Steve’s knee then lets go.
“What if he says no,” Steve says in a low voice, rubbing lightly at his abdomen. “He’s had just as many opportunities as I've had to do something and he hasn’t.”
“So how’s—“
“But you would have taken me up to your penthouse to shut me up?” Steve said instead, changing tack.
knew. They were killed in cold blood, and I just believed dad was dumb enough to drive drunk, get them both killed on a straight road, get
Fuck.
Steve didn’t know if it should have hurt to be on the receiving end of it.
stop me?" There was a flash of desperation and longing in Stark's eyes but it was wiped away just as quickly.
, can you believe that? The woman who always told me to put on a seat belt, killed by one. They told me it was a car accident. I believed it, just like that. I believed it and didn't know better for twenty, twenty-five years. Even
“This is most joyous!” Thor laughs. “We must celebrate this long awaited union!”
Tony shook his head, stowing his phone. Of all people to turn up not dead after decades. He was going to pick Spengler’s brain later. He studied the Trap in Spengler’s hands - it was definitely the one he’d brought back. “Uh, nothing. I may have scratched it, if you’re worried about the paint job.”
“You know,” he says as he dodges a drone with a spin, wings straining, “there’s this new café that opened up in town.” He banks left hard to avoid another drone, then twists around, shooting the paint rounds onto the little drone that buzzed him. It drops out of the area with a sad, farting noise and Sam continues on towards the Target of the Day. “Atmosphere is nice. Good coffee. Excellent pastries. You could take someone there, Cap.”
Heat pulsed at the centre of his chest and he looked down to see Steve’s shield, somewhere far below him. He willed himself to go near it and when he reached out to touch it, a small puff of green light emerged and hovered between him and the shield. “Are you the thing that took Steve?” Tony demanded.
“—and Steve could be kissing you—“
Fuck, he'd been so selfish.
Natasha clicks her tongue at him. “Tony,” she says, “If you want opportunities, just come up into the compound instead of meeting me here in town every time.” She leans over and places a hand over his restless fingers and feels them still under her palm. “We all miss seeing you in person.”
Tony shook his head sharply and took another step away. He was not prepared for this. He should have at least been here for this. They should have
Steve had hoped, but it’s been too long. Tony would’ve come back by now if he—if he—
Tony stood in the open space of the workshop. His hands were loose at his side, and the shirt that he had worn, that had been torn by Bruce
“Whoa, big fella,” Bruce says, looking up from his phone, thumbs pausing, “Let’s not throw the word ‘union’ around and spook them, okay?” He looks down again, resuming his message to the crew.
There was silence from the speakers and Tony fidgeted with the hem of his sleeve as he waited, hands itching for anything to distract him from an answer he was dreading.
, willing himself to see
They are in Tony’s bedroom in Stark Tower. The world outside the window is white, bright, and featureless but the inside is exactly the same as Steve had just left it. Tony walks around and examines the room, picking and prodding at all of his various scattered possessions. He stops by the lovely unnamed sculpture by Wejchert and fingers the corners.
A soft warmth bloomed beneath Steve’s fingers and he pushed forward, just a little, and grasped at it. The feeling of wholeness, of connection, of purpose bloomed through his mind, just like that first time they’d done this, out on the ruined lawns of Bryant Park. To his phantom hands, it was like holding onto a solid mass of air, hard, yet soft at the same time. A tingle raced up his arm, unlike the first time he’d done this, and Steve gave an experimental squeeze just to feel it again. He felt a spike of pleasure pool in his belly and Tony gasped out loud in the same moment.
He could do so much to Steve while in the suit—
Bruce walks over to Sam to help set out the food. It looks and smells like good Italian.
“Hang on,” Steve raises a hand between her and Tony. “Can’t this wait until he’s at least slept for more than three hours?”
They parted with a smile and Tony left to find Bruce, and Steve ran off to chase Turk.
Steve hadn’t been able to join Carol in following a lead she’d picked up from Madrox; one of his duplicates had apparently seen two Tony Starks on one of the Earths he’d visited.
Tony nodded, pupils dilated wide. Steve rolled his palm over the warmth, pressing Tony hard back into the seat. He tightened his fist and rolled his wrist, massaging in smooth movements.
“No, you can’t. Those gouges from Vanko haven’t healed. Your jaw is still bruised. We haven’t even found Vanko’s anchor. What if he comes back?
“But, dad! I need—“
He sat and seethed and waited.
It was a joy with Tony being open to the Avengers about being Iron Man. It was a fixture of Steve’s life; the way Tony outside of the armor would tuck his fingers under the collar of Steve’s shirt, the way Tony’s sleep-slowed breath brushed across Steve’s shoulder, and the way Tony sometimes threw a leg over Steve’s thigh as if trying to get closer to Steve than he already was. Steve knew it all now, the little secrets of Tony’s life, and he cherished them as he built his life with this man and with the Avengers.
Steve stood frozen, letting this, this
Wait.
Tony blinked. “You’re working for SHIELD?” He indicated Spengler’s entire living person. “You’re not actually dead? What did they offer you? Secrets of the universe? This was why you disappeared?”
“A million turkeys died in their sleep to manifest this,” Tony said. “And it all ended up in a giant chicken.” He banked hard to the left to dodge the swipe and put a good fifty meters between himself at the Colonel, studying the field. “Distraction didn’t distract enough, Clint. Got anything else, Cap?”
The thought was like salt on his wounds and he gripped the hair tighter, pulling out strands, and stroked roughly at the bloody, gouged cheeks. The teeth-baring screams cleared Steve’s thoughts and memories for a second, grounding him again.
It was Tony's warmth filling out the smooth wool underneath his hands, and how sleek the sleeves felt underneath his fingertips whenever he dared to allow his touch to linger on a shoulder, an arm, a wrist. How Tony started leaning into his touches. How Tony looked, buttons undone, dark silk framing bared skin and the bright glow of an arc reactor.
“I can’t believe I’m saying this,” Clint’s voice came through the comms, “but I think I’m off fried chicken. Forever.” There was a boom and an explosion of pink light at Colonel Sanders’ feet, where the giant two-storey chicken was circling. The chicken fell over with a crash, flattening a small kebab stand, but rolled to its feet in the next moment with a deafening squawk. Tony added another item to his List of Compensations.
“You were cornered. You didn’t have a choice.”
“Likewise, Winghead.”
There was something fumbling between his legs, and he gasped at the pressure against his groin. Breaking the kiss, Tony looked between them to see Steve pushing his own pants down and freeing his impressive erection. The sight of it leaking and flushed was almost enough to make Tony come then and there.
Stark dropped his hand with a brittle smile. "Take care of Ste—Take care of them for me."
How? It was Steve, wasn’t it? It was definitely Steve Rogers. Captain America. Did SHIELD find his body? Did they always have his body? Why couldn’t he remember Tony? Did his memories not carry over to his body, or had it never been the real Steve that Tony had spent time with? Maybe it had never been real—
Steve pushed Stark's legs apart just enough to get between them and braced himself over Stark, a smile on his face. "I'm gonna pay that favor I owe ya," he said cheerily. "Right now. Objections?"
Steve lets out a short laugh and smiles at the sky, shoulders returning to their usual height and ridiculous width. “You think it's that simple?”
“—except all you want is a certain man.”
rose to the surface of his mind, unclouded by anything as animalistic as the simple urge to rut. The crude, pornographic images he’d conjured up in his addled mind were replaced by the feeling of Steve’s hot breath in his ear, the tickle of Steve's hair on his cheek, the solid weight of Steve's body holding him up, holding him close, and of this quiet contentedness wrapped around them. This was better than anything he could have imagined. And he would be a fool to not want more.
“When?”
It took him two attempts to open the door, his mind fuzzy from the punch and from the party high and general tiredness from a job well done. The door swung open and he stumbled in. The kid really did a number on him because he felt so disoriented for a second – everything seemed out of place and his bed wasn’t where he felt it should have been. Nevertheless, he did manage to find it and he sat down, rubbing the melting peas soothingly all over his face and then flopped onto his back.
Stark didn't miss a beat, a sly smile of his own curled on his lips beneath his bushy mustache. "Why Sheriff, my dashing hero, ravishing your damsel right here and now? Who am I to refuse such an offer." He finished by wrapping his legs around Steve and pulling them flush together. Steve dropped to his elbows and pressed his cheek against Stark's, groaning at the pressure on his cock.
Stark shrugged. “Would you have said yes?”
He shifted to balance himself then brought his hand down to cup the bulge in Stark's pants, giving it a firm rub. Stark whined – so
Steve nodded, cheeks still red. “I’m sorry.”
Steve closed his eyes again and counted each of Tony’s uneven breaths. He didn’t hate Tony, but he hated what Tony was fighting for. This, him, the greatest casualty of their little War. The time passed in silence again and Steve never mustered up the courage to ask any more questions. To
like it when you’re not prudish.” He cut himself off before he could go into exact detail on how not-prudish he would like Steve to be. Christ, how had he ever thought Steve to be prudish?
“Put the trap through the chute on your right.”
“Do I want to know the joke?” Steve asked, amused.
“Toys for the Avengers, vacation time you don’t use, and women line up for you—“
Steve really wanted to shake Tony. This must be what Bucky had felt. “It’s because you don’t remember them. You never remember them.”
Steve gives him an innocent smile. “First impressions. She’s coming over again on Saturday. You should take her to lunch. I hear there’s a new café in town.”
Steve laughs out loud and shakes his head. He nudges Tony to sit on the bed and then joins him. He could always touch, but he never
An armored hand latched onto his arm and stopped him in his tracks just as he passed Stark.
He stood and nodded at his well-trained soldiers as they put the room to order again, scrubbing out the worst of the blood and brain from the chair and the floor.
The first time Tony cuddled against Steve, eyes bright and lucid, the two of them knowing exactly what it was they had between them, Steve thought himself the happiest man in the world.
Trust Steve to politely ask for more jerk-off material. Tony turned back to his screens and valiantly withheld from pulling up the video feed of the hallway outside. He still couldn’t help pulling his pants down to grab a hold of himself even as he read over the theories JARVIS had compiled. Everything about animal heats, the pharmacology and physiology of aphrodisiacs, and the feasibility of modern humans responding to pheromones. It was dry, it was too scientific, and he couldn’t be more turned on by the thought of Steve touching himself to his voice on the other side of the wall. He wondered if Steve was still wearing his Captain America gear, if his biceps were straining and bulging through the sleeves as they flexed and extended. He wondered if Steve would like it rough and fast. He wondered if Steve would like it gentle and slow.
Tony snorted. “Next time just ask, we can cook up a nice adventure. I’ll be happy to let you inside me again.”
Tony flicked his fingers in the affirmative.
Tony was silent for a long time and Steve looked away, giving him a semblance of privacy for his thoughts.
Tony only grunted in reply.
“Hmph.”
He couldn’t quite remember, but he knew he missed it almost painfully. And he was going to try and fix this broken thing between them.
! Sacrificial
There was a pause and a faint grunt before Steve answered him. “Of course I’m touching myself. Should I stop?”
“What was that?” Steve’s voice came through the comms, shaken and so breathtakingly arousing. “What did she do? Something’s not right.”
Tony snuffles into her shoulder and she shushes him quietly, turning a corner away from Steve. Steve stands in the doorway to Howard’s study, staring after her. He thinks he knows this woman. But maybe it is her mannerisms he knows. This was how Tony acted in those moments he let his guard down, moments Steve has been witnessing more and more.
Tony grumbled an affirmative.
The smoldering ruins of the train was over a mile behind him. Steve could still see the grey smoke rising, signalling to everyone in a ten mile radius. Better the smoke cloud back there than a smoke cloud hovering over the ruins of Timely. Fisk was a child in that regard; that man would destroy all that he couldn't control. And like a child, the plan to run a train full of explosives through Timely was ludicrous yet frightfully simple. Unlike a child, Fisk also had goons to guard the train against Steve's meddling.
Tony snaps his mouth shut and narrows his eyes at Jim. Jim takes one of the glasses the bartend slides before them and takes a long sip.
“I wanted to ask you something,” Steve’s hesitant voice came after a pause. “Um.” Silence. Tony raised an eyebrow, waiting. “But first tell me what your experiments have turned up on this condition of ours.”
The paper under Steve’s fingers scrunched, and he tried hard to relax his grip. The ink was smeared where his fingers had dug in but he ignored it.
That brought Tony up short. “How do you know you're not just fixated on me in particular because of the whammy? Because I'm the first person you saw?”
. How’s this going to work?”
“That was much better than the first time we did this,” Tony whispered against his lips.
With a gentle tug, Steve pulled Tony's pants down to expose the curves of Tony's ass. He refastened the fly, tightened the side fastenings, and gave a slap to Tony's ass to tell him to widen his stance. Tony yelped but spread his legs at Steve's urging, until the pants were securely held in place behind his balls, underneath the crease where Tony's ass met thigh.
“This is me,” Tony says from behind Steve. “I know it’s wrong but I do it. I’m just that much of an asshole.” His voice sounded muffled, like he was speaking from behind his hands.
, even if his uniform was rendered unsuitable for further use.
because he was
Tony thumped his head back onto the hat with a groan. Steve pressed a palm down onto the hot skin of Tony's cock and drew out another loud moan from Tony.
the Containment Unit away; there was no need to go to such lengths. He only wanted to poke around the Unit.
Tony pulled a good thread roughly from his sleeve. “You asked,” he said. “And you lusting after me now only when we’re both very unscientifically sex whammied isn’t helping.”
Tony slumped onto the cot DUM-E and U had hastily assembled and stared at the pitched tent in his pants. He hadn’t needed to use the cot for months now. He’d been going to bed at regular hours. With Steve. And now this. Not even Steve’s absence was making it easier for him to think.
“Hello darling,” Tony said, voice rough, and Steve himself stopped breathing. And he would blame that for why he was subsequently pulled down to clash lips with Tony for only a briefly wet and rather unsatisfying two seconds before Tony was out cold, yet again, beneath him.
Tony was not doing this. This was going to undo all his hard work. Undo the little bit of happiness he’d been trying to build with Steve, to
“Activating Trap,” Natasha said.
And Natasha sees him begin to twist his arm out, palm back, as if to pat her on the chest like he would Cap or Rhodes or Thor, but he pulls back and shoots her a grin instead before starting the engine and driving off. She’ll have to introduce him to more gender neutral physical contacts but she’ll definitely count this as a win for her Operation: Getting Tony to Talk About Emotions So He Doesn’t Run Off To Blow Himself Up Every Now And Again. She has variations for almost all the Avengers. It’s a work in progress.
And as time went on, so did the iterations of the Iron Man armor. There were sharper edges, thicker layers, more components, and fancier instruments added to the armor. The sleekness of memory metals gave way to metal alloy plates. In that time, they worked together like a well-oiled machine but they had their share of fights. Iron Man was always open with his opinions, and the two of them challenged each other, sometimes to not so happy ends. Some nights, Steve would sit in the library or living room of the mansion and wait. Some nights, Steve would be alone, and he would tell himself he didn’t want those sharp plates pressing into his side anyway. Some nights, Iron Man would show at the door with a clunk of metal boots, pause, and then stride in as if Steve couldn’t read the hesitancy in those metal shoulders. Sometimes, one of them would apologize. Sometimes, they would talk heatedly long into the night, but Steve knew he was forgiven if he woke with metal tucked into his neck and a red and gold arm around his midriff. And he couldn’t help but forgive Iron Man then. They always reconciled their differences.
Tony was both very relieved and very annoyed. He didn't know what he'd expected from Steve after his bullshit ramble. He’d deflected like a champ. But he'd also had a chance, maybe, to explain himself properly and he probably blew it. Steve had left without a word, without saying his piece. Tony didn’t even have the mental acuity to worry about that.
Outside the lab, he swiped his phone over the access panel and watched as it cycled through lines of codes only to beep red. He frowned and tried it again. Red. Strange. He brought up the access controls for the doors on his phone just as the intercom from the lab clicked on.
T'Challa took the opportunity to survey the condition of the armor. There were marks and dents all over but they were the most concentrated at the chest plate where the paint was scratched down to silver. This had been a vicious fight between friends. All three of them could have died. It was a fortunate situation, then, that the greatest physical damage was to the Soldier's prosthetic arm and to the Iron Man suit. As for emotional damages – damages to friendships and loyalties – that was less certain. Maybe they could heal from this. Maybe they couldn't. The drive for vengeance, for empty victories, takes more than life away – it takes the soul with it. T'Challa almost lost his. He would not let it take more.
a secret from him. How Tony could think to take it upon it himself and his little group of ‘powerful men’ to take matters of world security into their own hands. Didn’t Tony trust Steve anymore?
– and Steve caved at the sound. He moved up to give Stark a brief but deep kiss.
“I also vote Big Guns,” Bruce said.
“—and worse case unlikely scenario is that you’ll be awkward around each other for a few days—“
“Anything else we should know about? Urges to kill anyone?” Natasha asked.
“I want to keep you safe,” Steve said slowly, feeling the words. And it felt
He tried to sit up but his arms wouldn’t hold his weight. He looked to the side, to Jessica, but she was still unconscious from her fall.
Tony, move with the litheness of a fighter, of
. He was going to investigate this first, get rid of its effects, and then think about his romantic life choices—
The New Year had rolled over like a tidal wave for Tony. There had been constant call-outs for Class Five and lower hauntings on New Year’s Eve and the PLASM support teams had been dispatched for those. After New Year’s Day however, the higher class paranormal events had risen with vigor. It was cutting into Tony’s time and he could feel himself being worn down, torn between PLASM and his company, and unwilling to give up either. As a consultant, he could have refused the call-outs, but it had never felt right to do so.
“Well, I’m glad I’ve got a farm to run,” Clint says.
“Commander,” his soldier said. “We’ve prepped the next one.”
Cap’s translucent face went red. “Bread and cheese,” he blurted out.
Tony cursed out loud then swooped down to take Clint and Natasha with him to the other giant possessed mascot they had to take care of.
There was an itch under his skin and a hitch in his breath. His mind, usually so sharp, was suddenly in a jumble, as if he’d had way too much to drink, as if he were on something much, much stronger than alcohol. Except his body felt like it was thrumming with some kind of—some kind of
And then they’d gone and found his shield. And Steve, Steve had been able to touch the shield. Feel it, wield it. The thought of all the things he could do now, of how he could interact with the world at large with something corporeal in his hands had made him giddy with happiness, if a little fearful at the full extent of possibilities. When Tony had entered the room, Steve had been eager to share the discovery.
Tony nods enthusiastically and grins at him. “Who is it? Is it Bucky? Will you tell me about the time you rode your motorcycle right over enemy walls and took out the tanks with your shield? Bucky used a M1941 Johnson, right? He protected you from up high, right? How good was he, really? What did he like about the rifle? Did he ever need—“
Tony watched the progress then studied the Trap in his hands. He wondered if he could use this to leverage a Containment Unit out of Fury. He was readying his thrusters to full power when Fury’s voice came through the team comms.
Tony choked on his tongue. “Oh, my God, I’m telling Bruce. He thinks you’re so prudish. You are
that had been missing from all of Tony’s equations for the operation of the Containment Unit, spread its cosmic glow through the crystalline walls of the Unit. The same glow that was within the Traps they’d used. Through the glow, Tony could see a shadow of the miasma of captured spirits, frenzied and unable to escape. The seal of the door hissed as Tony spun it open. He slid the container for the Tesseract gently from its hold and kept it in place, holding up Steve’s shield towards it. It flared iridescent, as if it knew its brother was near but nothing happened.
It took much of Steve's not inconsiderable patience to resist the urge to drag Tony away to somewhere private during the dinner after Tony's keynote speech. It took all of Steve's remaining shreds of self-control to not have his way with Tony right there at their table anyway, other people be damned. Tony was the center of every gathering, Steve knew that. But knowing that Tony was schmoozing around the tables and speaking up on stage with his cock tied until Steve decided otherwise made him feel proud, almost smug, that this man was his and his alone. Seeing Tony,
Steve hunkers down and recounts the great deeds of Iron Man - the resilient man who saved himself from death, the righteous man who sought accountability for his actions, the generous man who opened his home to his team, the selfless man who spent time with Steve despite his own workload, the heroic man who helped clear the streets of mean spirits.
Tony shouldn’t even be the one escorting him to his new cell, shouldn’t even be out of bed. Tony should be afraid of him. Tony should hate him—probably did hate him. Once upon a time, Steve would have kissed the injuries away amid playful protests. He would have doted and pampered and laughed and touched. They would have talked, argued, talked more, and come to an understanding.
Tony is on his knees, clutching at his glowing chest, eyes unseeing.
Until he did.
“Ronald McDonald?” Steve’s voice came through the comms from the Quinjet.
“Big Guns?” Natasha asked, ever so slightly out of breath.
Last one :) It fades to black so I'm sorry.
He found that his phone was back in his hand as he continued to walk aimlessly through the streets; he was quickly adopting the 21
“I had Natasha show me some public records of you. But I don’t know about,” Steve tapped at his own chest to mirror the arc reactor on Tony, “that. How you got it. Why you got it.”
Steve stayed by the bedside until the moon was sinking and the stars disappeared. And the next day, when Tony came to find him, it seemed the matter was entirely forgotten. Tony laughed and Steve laughed with him. Steve thought that that would be enough for now.
killed, and it was Barnes and his metal fist all along—"
Phase Four. The phase that shouldn’t exist. But, drastic measures. Natasha tries to enjoy the rest of their time at the bar for their night off. Bucky’s ankle stays rested against hers throughout the evening.
No sooner had the words left his mouth that his arc reactor glowed bright. And through the single opening of the Containment Unit, the spirits, the soul remnants flowed out in moans and screeches and slammed into Tony’s chest like a sledgehammer.
Behind him, Tony shuffled and took another loud sip from his mug.
century standards – all neons and chromes and straight lines and noise. The cars were sleek and rounded and grounded and nothing like the cars Howard had demonstrated and certainly nothing like the cars of the future in the books Steve had read as a kid.
Clint lowered his ion wand fractionally but Natasha kept her proton pistols aimed steadily at Cap’s chest. The both of them looked towards Tony.
Tony whimpered, a litany of
“I can’t believe you’re in on this too,” Tony says, putting his glass down. “I thought you’d dropped it.”
“Stark, I know what you’re thinking. You know our policy. Everything into the Containment Unit.”
But all around him, he couldn’t see the one soul he wanted.
Steve’s mind stuttered at that and he brought up his other hand to pry Stark’s trailing fingers off his arm. Stark stepped back and withdrew his hand, smiling as if he hadn’t just physically propositioned another man in broad daylight.
It all took seven seconds and it was textbook.
The blond turned his sharped blue-eyed gaze onto Steve and Steve felt himself being assessed like a piece of meat at the butchers.
Thankfully, the neighborhood is quiet at this time and the streets are mostly empty. Only the cats are awake to hear Tony’s surprisingly steady-voiced cursing and maudlin.
Steve waited for Tony’s reply, watching Tony's eyes carefully, trying to read the reactions in them as he’d always been able to. There was uncertainty there – the same uncertainty that was always present when Tony revealed too much of his deepest secrets. The same uncertainty that had been in Tony’s eyes the morning after at the breakfast table, when Steve had hoped and hoped one of them would have just said something. As Steve continued to watch, he saw the uncertainty in Tony’s eyes give way to something like understanding, hope, and then finally joy.
There was another man standing at the conference table. The man’s back was to Tony, but Tony had been studying the back of that head of blond hair for nigh on a year and he would be damned to the tenth circle of hell before he could forget the sight of it. There was also a round shield on his back – white star on a blue field with concentric circles of red and white around it.
Stark sighed and crossed his arms, looking away. Steve wanted to be able to see his eyes.
“Tony!” Steve called out. “You okay?”
“I—I kissed you,” Steve confessed. “I thought it was you and I was hoping…” he trailed off, unsure if he could just say it to Tony after all. He frowned, though, as more memories of that night came to him -  discrepancies he chose to ignore. “It does explain the lack of beard.”
Steve took his time; this was his favorite version of Tony, a Tony in a beautiful suit with all his buttons undone, his cock hanging heavy and his ass presented for Steve's taking. He leaned over Tony's bent form, enveloping him with his much larger frame, opening the buttons on his own shirt so he could feel the glide of Tony's jacket against his chest. He wanted to thrust into the clothed heat between Tony's thighs. He wanted Tony sprawled on top of him, rutting against him with the fabric of his suit rubbing the length of Steve's body. He wanted to do so many things to Tony in this suit. He gave Tony's cock a quick stroke and moaned into the fabric between Tony's shoulders, his lips feeling the breath heat the fabric through to Tony's skin until Tony shivered.
Steve might not be gone yet. The universe hated Tony sometimes but this was too far. Tony was going to find Steve again, by whatever means necessary. He would bring Steve back.
he could move on to his after-life.
He shuffled back to the cot and forced himself to sleep by way of masturbating some more to the memory of Steve calling out his name.
was the one doing this to him and that thought shot an unexpected wave of heat straight to his groin. The feeling disappeared as soon as he thought it and he opened his eyes.
After going over his ‘experiment’ with a clear mind, Tony came to the conclusion that whatever the sex whammy was, it definitely messed with his intelligence at least a little because the planning that had gone into the entire project had been so embarrassingly inept he decided to delete it all (soft delete—JARVIS kept a backup and Bruce definitely had a copy. Tony also kept a copy of the security footage of inside the workshop at the end of the twenty-four hours which he may or may not have watched numerous times when Steve was away on long missions with Wilson). That Steve had apparently gotten himself off about sixty times in the twenty-four hours was also a piece of data he hoarded with glee.
“Your lips were cold back then,” Steve said.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Steve said, injecting all the conviction he had into his voice. “I want to stay. I’m going to stay.”
Tony came with a cry, muscles taut and back arching. Steve felt the rush of hot semen down his throat and he squeezed his eyes closed as Tony twitched in his mouth and came and came.
Tony felt his own nails dig into his forehead.
“What’s fondue?” Tony asked and turned to Cap to study his expression.
Steve’s eyes snap open in time to see a figure rise from his shield. Peggy, beautiful and whole, rushes toward him and he’s confused but relieved. Peggy can help him. Peggy can save them. He tries to indicate the flight controls, the bombers on board, but Peggy only stands and studies him with a tilted head.
The sounds were different, the smells were different, and the food had moved on to exciting avenues. And even though Steve loved the people, they sometimes threw him off, too. Right around him as he walked, he could count seven out of twelve people staring down at their phones, thumbs tapping away. Some of them had earphones dangling from their ears and most didn’t look like they were looking at where they were going. That last one was also a bit of a constant and Steve relaxed a little.
Iron Man liked to cuddle against Steve when he was tired. There was no other word for it; Iron Man cuddled.
Stark smirked and Steve didn’t know if it reached his eyes.
He pushed away from the wall and left the room. He heard his name being called behind him but he ignored it and kept walking towards the hangar, swiping the emergency sequence on his phone and calling JARVIS for the suit.
“I’ve got a good medical team,” Steve said. He reached forward and poked at the injured right shoulder. The agent rose a few pegs in his estimates by not screaming at the gesture. “Tell me, and I can get you patched up and send you off.”
“Stone, I know you never got over me but fucking me by proxy is a new low,” Stark shot back, apparently finding his voice. “If you’ll excuse me, I have a date with someone I actually want to be with without compromising myself as a decent human being.”
“I’ll get myself nice and wet for you,” Tony gasped. “I’m so hot inside.” He added a fourth finger and groaned loudly. The ring of muscle around his fingers twitched and squeezed, lubricant sliding down his legs. “You’ll love it when you
“I’m not coherent in the mornings,” Tony said. “And I’m not—I’m not coherent when I’m tired. Or hungry. Or both.”
They arrived at the conference on time only because of Happy's not-strictly-legal cutting of street corners. Steve didn't notice. Tony's hair was still dishevelled but in Steve's opinion, it only made him more beautiful. Tony looked relaxed, loose, and all entirely because of Steve. He was also in a new tuxedo suit, one more suited for the occasion, the first one having been crumpled and stained with their combined efforts after Steve had thrown him over a row of brightly colored ties and fucked him until the shelves broke. Steve was of the opinion that he should have worn it anyway. Tony had feigned a scandalized gasp but followed it with a string of lewd suggestions about being 'entertainment' for the crowd. Steve had taken off his own tie and fastened it around the base of Tony's cock in a fit of possessiveness, its loose ends tucked neatly into Tony's briefs. And suddenly, that door had also opened -- Tony was his to claim, his to mark.
“Why do you think he’ll say no?” Jim retorts, unable to help himself.
“You need your sleep,” Steve said firmly, lowering his hand. “You haven’t been dealing with this. I’ve seen your photographs from two years ago. Hell, from two months ago. You look terrible and I only met you one month ago.”
They walk on by each other, Jim heading towards the hangar, and Sam heading towards the kitchen to nurse his bruises with food.
Steve steps forward, anger brewing, but he’s brushed aside by a woman who comes to scoop Tony right up in her arms. Steve watches as Tony clutches the brace to the woman’s—Maria’s—his mother’s back. There is a glow about her, unlike the other figures that had often appeared in Tony’s dreams. She strokes gently on Tony’s hair and Tony buries his face into her neck, tiny shoulders shaking. On her way out, she stops right by Steve.
Straightening his glasses back on his nose, Bruce clears his throat and opens his mouth to move the situation on.
Tony opened and closed his mouth, staring at Steve with wide eyes. “Are you saying you were brought back as a ghost just to ‘
Steve hadn’t thought much of it but in the time between the second and the first, he might have craved that easy warmth – just a little.
He blinked, and he was standing in Tony’s workshop back at the tower, shield miraculously still in his hands. He looked around and saw a head of messy brown hair poking over the headrest in one of Tony’s vintage cars. Steve hesitated but made his way towards Tony. When he reached the car, he saw Tony had a cheek resting on a close fist, arm braced over the door. His eyes were closed but they looked red-rimmed, dark circles beneath them.
and she was taking inspiration from his Tower, she said. It was supposedly an accident, she said. Tony was not amused.
Steve picked up the gun on the trolley and shot the agent between the eyes. A small drop of blood landed on his own cheek and the white star on his chest. He picked up another clean cloth and scrubbed it away. The door behind him opened moments later and his soldiers began the clean-up and prep for the next one. There was still a handful left; one of them would know and one of them would break.
pulling at me,” Steve waved at Tony’s arc reactor. “Like a part of me is there.”
Steve might not have known who Iron Man was or what Iron Man looked like back then. Steve might not have known the details of Iron Man’s private life or even his real name, but when Iron Man’s head had dipped onto his shoulder after a long debriefing, he’d thought none of that really mattered. He’d pulled his chair closer to Iron Man’s, waved the rest of the Avengers off, and let the Golden Avenger sleep on his shoulder with a gauntlet resting palm-up atop his thigh.
“I would’ve come to find you. And, well,” Steve's arms tightened around him, "they didn't want to bring your hopes up for nothing."
Tony waved it away. He might have been angry (very angry) once upon a time, but now he didn’t think he could be anymore. He remembered those dreams, those nightmares – they’d shown Steve what he himself could never put to words, things he could never have even brought up to Steve in the first place. Tony knew he was a coward in that respect so he was grateful for them, in retrospect; Steve had seen it all, and hadn’t walked away.
With four hours to go of his entirely arbitrary choice of twenty-four hours, he decided to just screw it all and threw the project out the window. Taking his pants and all the various sensors off permanently, Tony grabbed the lube and a handful of toys, lay back on the cot, and worked himself open with his fingers as he let his mind fantasize.
This was real. This was
“How about a date with just you?”
An hour of anguish later, he managed to sit up and walk to the workshop bathroom, pretending his hands hadn’t just been involuntarily down his pants moments before. The cold water didn’t help his thoughts one bit but his dick did calm down to a middling hardness and he let JARVIS file that bit of information away. He did not tell JARVIS to pull up the feed from the bedroom where Steve was likely experiencing the same thing. He did not ask if Steve was experiencing the same thing because he didn’t want to hear either of the potential answers.
Clint nodded, still nursing his coffee. He turned to Steve with a squint. “You sure you didn’t appear just to scare off old Vanko from snuffing out Stark?” And then he yelped when someone, Natasha probably, kicked him under the table. Tony was starting to enjoy seeing her fight his fights for him.
'Unfinished business'. Tony dropped his head into his hands. He didn't want to think about what that meant when his 'compulsion' was to rip all his clothes off and press Steve into a bed.
Tony knew three certainties in his life: one, that the scientific method prevailed, mostly; two, that anything was possible; and three, that despite the time and space that had separated them, he got to meet Captain America, meet Steve Rogers, and call him a friend.
Neither of them remarked on how this conversation was the exact reversal of roles from a week ago.
“Busy, Cap.” Tony flicks something in and out of the holo-projection. In and out. In and out. It doesn’t appear to be altering anything.
Bruce quirks an eyebrow; he knows. In addition to the shrill emails from Tony, he also gets a number of almost diary-like ones that were clearly the result of serious pining. He nods. “I’ll see what I can do.”
He’d learned about psychokinetic energies, their different classes of manifestation, how to detect them, how to capture them, how to eliminate them. He’d found one of the men involved in both major Ghost incidences, one Dr. Egon Spengler, but the correspondence had been cut short and his trove of knowledge had stopped with the disappearance of the scientist. He’d made do with investigating the paranormal on the side, as a hobby.
“I want
The sight caught him unawares. Tony was beautiful. Every part of Tony was beautiful. Steve knew that. Tony in a suit was magnetic. And Tony, bent forward, ass in the air, his loosened hole open and wet around Steve's fingers, framed by the shimmering fabric of a Tom Ford three-piece two-button suit -- this was the most beautiful sight Steve had ever seen. He plunged his fingers in deep, almost to the knuckle, and Tony jumped, a shout reverberating through the cabin. Steve curled his fingers and started rubbing into Tony's prostate with familair ease, not stopping even when Tony whimpered and clenched tighter and tighter, squeezing Steve's fingers as he tried to hold orgasm at bay.
"Did you kill him?" Stark's voice was hoarse. He was a smart man, and T'Challa knew he was working it out now that he was given time and distance to reflect. There was no mistaking that Stark was now referring to Zemo.
“Healing.”
“It’s just,” Steve starts, “You know, if he really wanted to, he would show up more in person wouldn’t he? He calls us, sure. Emails, every day. Messages, every hour. But he never comes up here. He’s Iron Man again but he’s not with us. As an Avenger.” Steve finishes with a droop in his shoulders and Sam reaches over to clap him on the shoulder in support.
Tony definitely couldn't deny that. "How forward of you. Then what's our 'unfinished business', in your very honest opinion? The raging erections? The soup for brains? That the world lacks a Stark-patented fucking machine?"
Steve hesitated, unsure if he was still welcome, and he kept himself in this spot a respectable distance away. “We need to talk,” he said.
“It couldn't be me," Steve said quickly, hoping to diffuse the tension in Tony's shoulders and the tightness in the corners of his eyes. "I took up a guest room after they turned the music off. “I was sleeping, and then you - or someone I thought was you - crawled onto the bed. Onto me.”
“JARVIS,” Tony said, stuffing the phone into his inside pocket. ”Your voice of reason is sometimes
do? Those were true but they didn’t feel right.
“Says you, old man.”
Steve chose to ignore how close to home the first sentence from Tony hit him and chose instead to address the rest. “I’m not kicking you off the team. And you’ll always be Iron Man to me. This is about something more personal. Just, us. I want to talk about us.” He saw the slight shift of armor before Tony moved to stand, facing Steve with that impersonal face plate.
Steve could feel his phantom teeth grinding. “I show up, they disappear. That’s good enough for me.”
“Oh my God. Oh my God. Why didn’t you say anything? You could’ve said something. You didn’t have to sit through that for—for
Steve snapped his mouth closed at that.
“You must be Mr. Stark,” Steve (
“I never really thanked you properly for your help with the sleeping thing,” Tony said, aiming for cheer and nonchalance. “So, uh, thanks. For having to literally fight off my past. Keeping me alive. And don’t worry about the accidental dream adventures.” He gestured vaguely at the arc reactor. “I should thank
Rhodey and Sam put their hands up immediately. Bucky looks at Clint and gives him a hard nudge and Clint immediately raises his own hand. The four of them look at Natasha intently.
God dammit.
Steve wanted to hear more.
“No P.K.E.,” Clint said, fingers flexing on the Wand, “but you’ve got five seconds before I try to shoot it with everything I’ve got on my back.”
He was going to find Tony. Bring him back. Put him back at Steve’s side. And they would make the world right again, together. Put it to how it should have been, if they had only worked together all those years ago.
It was Steve. And it was him. In his bed. Except it wasn’t
Steve finally took a step into the apartment and closed the door behind him. Ignoring the out-stretched hand, he side-stepped Tony and made his way to the counter to put away his groceries.
They turn the corner to the stairs leading to the Avengers recreation floor. A few Agents walk by and Bruce nods to them in greeting.
Tony pocketed his phone and held up his hands. “I got lost. Spengler here found me.” He dropped his hands slowly and looked around the room. “You never stipulated a time for the meeting so I can’t be held accountable for missing the start. And where’s Steve?”
"What situation?"
"You're free to stay for as long as you need," T'Challa said as he reached for Steve's proffered hand for a shake. "My doors remain open to you so long as your friend remains in my care."
. Was there no one here that wanted to
“Science?” Okay, maybe he couldn’t do it.
“What?” Tony asked out loud.
Steve, still sore in at least twelve different places, had swept a quick eye over the crowd, chattering in excitement among themselves for having come across the great Tony Stark. They hadn’t looked like they were going to cause more trouble, and a few of them had even started to help pick up the broken crockery and furnishings. Steve made a decision and had run out after Tony.
Tony didn’t want to believe it. “Steve?”
“Give him a hand, won’t you?” Tony says with a half-hearted chuckle.
The second time it had happened, Steve had been awake and still jittery from the adrenalin of a fight against two-bit powered villains. The Avengers usually came in two categories: the ones who slumped immediately after a fight, and the ones who needed to work off the excess energy. As a heavy hitter, Iron Man would have been the latter, but Steve had been certain that underneath all the layers of armour Iron Man was just a normal man.
The best times, then, were when Steve could clear his schedule to join Tony on these trips. There was a thrill in seeing Tony change into a suit on the plane before landing, knowing that he couldn't rough Tony up for his international Stark Industries business partners who would see him as soon as they stepped off the tarmac. Tony's reputation as a playboy was persistent, but long since balanced by the media's love for Iron Man and the philanthropist pushing for green energy. Steve didn't like the tabloids and their rumor-mongering but he also didn't want to be the one to tip the balance for Tony into more turbulent public waters by letting Tony show up to meetings with a telltale stain on his pant leg. It had happened once, early in their relationship, and Steve was careful to not let it happen again.
“Hoping?” Tony prompted.
Tony had been working too hard, still balancing his time between his company, PLASM missions, and his personal down-time. Steve was sure Tony had been sleeping well, and nothing had been haunting him for months but there was no mistaking how this lifestyle was taking a toll on him. Steve knew much of it was for his sake and he’d encouraged Tony to spend more time with SI if that was what he had to do. Steve didn’t really mind. Watching Tony work was becoming his favorite past-time. Watching Tony suffer, however, was not.
Stark stood with a cocked hip and continued to study Steve, and Steve tried hard to keep his worry out of his face, to push forward the earnest happiness his chest was pumping out to the rest of his body.
Tony scrambled over his bed and moved to stand beside Cap with his arms outstretched. “It’s Captain America’s Ghost. Really. I would know.”
Natasha senses a breakthrough approaching.
“See you back at the Tower?” Natasha called back to Tony and Steve. “We’ll order for you?”
Tony turned the channel off and blocked it for good measure. He knew what he was doing when he’d remade PLASM’s gear pro bono, the least Fury could do was to give him a Containment Unit in return. He thought for a second, then set a course towards the Helicarrier currently hovering over the Atlantic, magnetically sticking the Trap to his back. He brought up his personal files and flicked through all the data he had on the Containment Units. He was going to find out how they worked. And then make his own. He’d been trying on and off for years but he was just missing some magical ingredient he didn’t really want to think about. Certainty One did not include outright believing in
Tony gives a shout of laughter, and then his shouts turn a little less innocent as Round Five begins in earnest.
"I said my piece the best I could," Steve said. "I let him know I'm still here for him. I don't have a reason to believe there would've been an emergency that needed me in these last couple of days so I feel like I'm hoping something bad would happen just so he can call—"
Tony huffs at him and turns away. “What if he’s not gay.”
and he hadn’t walked away. Hell, hadn’t there been the one dream where Steve told his younger self about how great Iron Man was? He needed to have a chat with Steve about subliminal messaging but it had been nice at the time. Of course, it could all have been out of necessity for being anchored to Tony but Tony thought they’d become friends at the very least.
They could've prevented so much pain.
Steve shook his head. “Let him be,” he said. “It’s been a tough year fer him.” And Steve meant it. Tony should have the opportunity to let some new roots take hold. Steve knew Tony had had a huge part to play in the fall of the Confederate army towards the end of the War. The man didn’t like to speak of the War, just like Steve or Bucky or any other soldier here didn’t like to speak of the War, but Steve could read like any other and the rifles he’d wielded against the South were all branded STARK. Steve could add the ones to get two.
And with that Tony closed his eyes and started snoring.
They shook hands once again and T'Challa turned to leave. Before he stepped down from the landing pad, he looked back one last time. Steve had the phone held to his ear, a startled but real smile lighting up his face for the first time in days.
Tony needed Steve. He needed Steve’s mouth on him. He needed to taste Steve’s skin, leave his mark. He wanted to plaster himself to Steve, climb him like a damn tree, taste—
T'Challa gave Stark one long, last look, then nodded in farewell and left for his own jet. They both had too much work to do to dwell on personal loss just yet. He still made sure to see the trackers he placed on Zemo and the Iron Man both fly away together at high speed before he set his full concentration on returning home, two runaways in tow.
“Everything is safe now,” Tony continued in front of him, “Normal. Calm. Well, as normal, safe, and calm as it’ll ever get in New York City.”
“Maybe I wanted to stay with you,” Steve answered, honest.
And in the limo back to Tony's tower, he finally did. He took Tony apart slowly, stroking him and touching him without undoing a single button. He loved the tightness of the muscles cording Tony's arms. He loved the quiver of his stomach as he rutted their fully clothed hips together. He
Tony didn’t say anything further and he turned away from Steve once again, walked away. Maybe for the last time. Steve wanted it to be the last time. He knew he’d lost this War, lost everything to it and he wanted to start anew. He didn’t want to see what this world would become without him there to curb the insanity.
