"He wants tuna and red onions too." Cas whispered. He ran his hand over his belly lovingly and smiled up at Dean.
"Let's go find everyone else." Dean suggested easily. Dean closed the book and stood, holding a hand out for Castiel. The omega took Dean's hand shyly and followed Dean out of the library. "You've met Sam, he is mated to Jess, who works with the pups." Dean started as they walked down the hall. "If you decide to stay here then we'd need to find somewhere for you to work and I think you'd like Jess, she'll help you find somewhere."
"Do you want a coffee?" Dean asked. Cas thought about it for a moment then nodded. Dean gave the angel a blinding smile and turned to make his coffee.
"Yes, assbutt, and you're allowed to say that." Cas said.
He murmured something to someone on the other end of the line.
"Boyfriend." Sam stated.
"It will know Dean, Cas and us. It will be able to say daddy and papa, so long as we make sure to say it to the baby as it's forming it's body. It should also be able to crawl or walk depending on how intelligent it is." Gabriel answered then he realised something. "Dean? When did Cas get in the shower?" Dean looked at the time then up the stairs worried. He stood up and started for the stairs.
"Because Dean doesn't love me." Cas answered with a heavy heart.
"Yeah, let's show Granny the garden." Dean said standing. "Levi put your coat on or Papa will have a heart attack." Dean said as Levi started to pull on Mary's finger. He sighed but he walked back to Dean so the older could but his coat on for him. Mary smiled at them and followed them out to the garden. When Cas got back he put all of the groceries away then started to look for Dean and Levi. Dean saw Cas first and waved with a grin. Cas smiled and approached the climbing frame.
"Ok, I'll look into it. I'll see if I can find a way for us to know." Gabriel sighed. He leant forward to press a kiss to Cas hair then he slid off the bed.
"I found him!" Phil exclaimed happily when he happened across the golden bear.
"For bringing a nephilim into being." Cas mumbled. Chuck laughed quietly.
"Hey, buddy, you alright?" Dean asked softly as he knelt down next to his son.
"How do you feel about Christmas?" Gabriel asked after a minute. Sam and Dean shrugged.
"Erm," Dean hesitated, "If that's what you want to do."
"The animatronics have moved." He said, his voice trembling slightly. The others glanced at each other concerned as though Cas was having a mental break but Charlie looked at the show-stage and froze.
"Erm guys." Cas whispered, he didn't move his eyes from the camera screens as he was making sure that they didn't move again.
"Not Daddy, I sorry, want Papa." Levi said instead.
"So let's find out."
"Ok, we can go in pairs. Get round quicker. Me and Cas, you and Gabe." Dean said.
"How could he?" She mumbled. After a minute or so, she hurried back to Phil's side and grasped onto his forearm. "Let's go, it's creeping me out." Phil wrapped his arm around the red head's shoulders and lead her back upstairs, turning the light off as he went. "Ok, you guys were justified in your freak out." She rambled once they were back in the living room. The boys nodded; Dan and Cas were stood by the island, Dean had his arm wrapped around Cas' waist comfortingly and Mark was sat on one of the island stools. Charlie joined Mark on the other island stool so she could continue setting up the security camera feed and Phil came to stand behind Dan, letting his hands rest on the younger boy's shoulders.
"He's in Heaven, rekindling with our father." Cas answered absently, looking at the reports Sam had pulled up.
"I love it, thank you. Stand in between them, I want to take a picture." Cas said, giddy with excitement. Dean laughed but did as he was told. Cas backed up until he could see both of the Impala's and Levi and Dean then called out for them to smile before snapping the picture. "Thank you so much, Dean." Cas repeated sincerely when he'd skipped back over to them, his hands reaching out to stroke over Honey's hood.
"We can go." Dean picked up Cas phone then lifted the angel into his arms. He carried Cas to the car and laid him in the front seat.
"I don't think I want to go on the hunt." Dean repeated. Cas' frown deepened, his hand raising to cup Dean's jaw.
"What do you mean?" She asked.
"Do you remember anything distinctive?" Dean asked.
" Levi sighed but nodded. "
Cas pulled into the driveway behind his father's car and sighed, turning off the ignition and pulling the keys out in a swift movement, he didn't want to waste any time delaying the inevitable. He took a deep breath as he pushed the front door open.
"Ok, I'll let Phil know when they get out here." Dean murmured. Cas met Dean's gaze, letting the older boy see the fear in his eyes. The older teen wordlessly pulled Cas into his arms, to try to protect him from whatever he was afraid of. Mark stepped closer to the two, he liked the adventure until real danger presented itself. They all breathed a sigh of relief when they heard three sets of footsteps jogging towards them.
"Jerk." Sam returned, grinning, he knew his brother appreciated the gift. Mary looked at the wrapping paper strewn across the floor.
"What do you mean?" Sam asked.
"Hun'gy." She whispered. Dean stroked her bangs then looked up at Sam and Gabriel.
"Don't do it again, please, it's not safe for you to climb your crib, if you fall you could really hurt yourself." Levi nodded at his father's request. "Now, should we go and wake Papa up? Then we can go downstairs and have breakfast before we open presents." Levi's grin returned to his little face, Dean smiled back and sat up. "Let me get a shirt on, then we'll go to Papa's room." Levi scrambled off Dean and sat at the end of the bed patiently. Once Dean had put a shirt on, he lifted Levi into his arms, letting the boy curl up there. "We need to be quiet ok?" Dean asked before he pushed Cas' door open. Levi raised a finger to his mouth and made a 'shh' noise. Dean chuckled softly and quietly entered the room.
"That was my desk." Cas said softly when he saw Dan bending down to run his fingers gently over the short wooden desk. Dan smirked at his friend and flicked through the drawings on Cas' desk.
"No-one will hear about the demise of the rebel angel and it's... spawn." Finished Azrael, angel of death. Cas' eyes flicked nervously between her brothers.
Castiel grinned as he entered the familiar pizzeria; he took in the sight of the uniform tables, the checkered pattern of the floor and borders on the walls, the metallic clinking of the small themepark-esque rides and arcade games, the smell of pizza and, finally of course, the three main animatronics. He quickly ran off to his usual table, his little legs carrying him unsteadily towards the bench seat. His father, Chuck, watched him with a fond smile and moved to place Elijah, Castiel's little brother, in the highchair at their table before moving through the wooden door that was a few feet away from Castiel's table, but he returned after a few seconds.
"We've talked about this, Mary, I never was a fucking child!" Dean yelled. Mary looked away, her gaze landing on Sam who had his arm wrapped reassuringly around Cas' shoulders. "I went from regular 4 year old to full time parent in an instant. So don't you dare tell me how to look after my family." Dean roared. Mary flinched at that and stood down. John put his hands on Mary's shoulder and pulled her backwards. Dean stood in place breathing heavily as he tried to calm down. Cas stumbled towards Dean and wrapped his arms around the man, the hunter slowly relaxed into Cas' hold. "Where's Levi?" Dean asked the angel, his voice much quieter than before.
The rest of their trip was uneventful. Their Spirit Day outfits were deep purples and black; Castiel's dress was midnight purple, long sleeved and the skirt touched the floor, the torso of the dress was decorated with black lace. It was simple but beautiful.
"Am I not?" Dean murmured, moving closer to Cas' face. Cas felt Dean's warm breath on his cheek and took a shaky breath.
"Hey Dean can I talk to you?" Sam asked walking into the kitchen where Dean was making coffee. The older Winchester made a non-committal grunt but turned to Sam. "You love Cas." He said with no pre-amble. He knew the way to get to his brother was not to beat around the bush so he figured he'd get straight to it.
"What do you think is going on?" Asked Dean as he watched Cas browsing the books on the shelves. Cas picked up a book and read the back. Dean sighed, shaking his head at Cas' lack of response then leant back on the couch.
It didn't even take a few days for Sam to notice the change in Dean. He withdrew from Cas slightly, retreating back to a best friend stance and it was really getting to Cas. Dean doted on his son but he kept a friendly distance from Cas. This went on for a few weeks before the effects began to show.
"It was good, it's very relaxed and quiet. I think it will be helpful if you guys need any records for a case." Cas replied, laying his head back on the chair to look at Dean. The hunter grinned and kissed Cas' forehead before going to the kitchen.
"Thank you, Gabriel." Castiel said. Michael entered the ballroom holding a small box.
"Partners?" He questioned.
"Thank you again." Cas' voice drifted up from in Dean's arms.
"Kanye West, Bon Jovi, Panic at the Disco, Tenacious D, Bach, Demi Levato, Muse, Led Zeppelin, Beethoven, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Sam Smith? You really do have lots of things in your playlist." Dean observed, reading some of the names of the artists in Cas' playlist. Dean chuckled.
"Dean." Cas scolded softly. Dean smiled at his boyfriend and the embarrassed blush on Cas' cheeks.
"I just passed out and I've only spoken to you two. I haven't angered you have I?" Cas answered. Dean shook his head.
"Strange."
"The test was inconclusive." The doctor confessed. He handed Cas the test results, professionally ignoring the angel's disappointed look. "Unfortunately, the test is so new that it's not widely recognised as a paternal test procedure and it hasn't been adequately refined." Cas exhaled deeply and laid his head back on the bed, his eyes slipping closed as he tried to keep the tears away. Dean frowned and swallowed thickly, he ran his hand through Cas' hair to comfort him. "If you really want to then you can go through with the invasive procedure... but I don't think that will be necessary."
"Be safe." Cas said. Dean chuckled.
"Here, go to the restroom and get changed." He said handing one of the bags to Cas. Cas nodded and then wandered to the female restroom. She pulled off Dean's shirt and sweatpants then pulled out the lacy black panties that matched her bra, she smiled slightly when she saw a red plaid shirt at the bottom of the bag. She slipped into the dark blue jeans and the black vest top, she adjusted the top briefly then pulled the plaid button up over her shoulders. Just as she was about to leave the cubicle when she noticed that the bag wasn't empty, at the very bottom of the bag was a pair of black combat boots and some grey socks. Cas smiled softly at Sam's thoughtfulness, he'd put together an entire outfit for her. She put the boots on then stepped out of the cubicle. She looked over her new body in the mirror, she tilted her head in thought as she ran her eyes over her soft curves and smiled, she was exactly Dean's type; she'd observed Dean as he was looking for a hook up and had noticed a reoccurring theme, dark hair, blue eyed and curvy (but curvy was a given for Dean). She turned her attention to her long, wavy hair. She pulled it away from her face then pulled it all over her shoulder with a sigh, she liked the length and how it framed her body but it wasn't suitable for hunting so she may have to cut it. With another sigh and a sweeping glance around the restroom, she walked back out to the Winchester's. Cas face heated up when she heard the wolf whistle coming from her left. Dean heard it too and felt a wave of jealousy wash over him when he saw the guy who'd whistled at Cas leaning against the wall and looking over Cas' body lustfully. Dean scowled at the man but his expression softened when Cas approached them gracefully. "What do you say we go get something to eat?" Sam suggested. Dean's face lightened and he lead the way to the nearest diner. They slid into a booth by the window and looked at the menu.
"Ohana." Levi whispered. Cas made a noise of realisation then put the disc in.
His heart rate increased when the first boom of fireworks rumbled though the castle. It was time. He folded the map neatly and put it in his satchel before blowing out the candle and carefully leaving his room. He checked the hallways to make sure there wasn't any servants there then he hurried out down to a small passage that lead to the empty servants quarters. He easily navigated through the rooms until he reached the door that lead to the castle grounds. The sounds of the fireworks on the other side of the castle covered the sound of him swinging the gate open and locking it behind him.
"CAS!" Dean screamed upon seeing the angel. He immediately scrambled to her. "Hey, hey are you ok?" He asked as he gripped onto her hand tightly. "Gabriel, get a move on." Dean huffed, making an attempt to pull Cas out of immediate danger. Sam steeled himself then ran through the flames trapping him and jumped over the crevasse to help but the force of his landing caused some of the rocks at the edge of the crack to fall thus causing Cas to slip further into it. "It's ok, I'm not gonna let go." He assured when Cas looked up at him with panic and fear in her blue eyes. Sam slid over to them and took her other hand. Together, the brother's pulled her out and scrambled backwards away from the valley. They turned their attention back to the archangel and weren't surprised to see his amber eyes alight with rage. After checking that his brother was okay, he turned back to the Elemental.
Another smile reached his lips as he walked down the hall to Dean's room. However, he froze outside the door when he heard Sam finally talking to his brother but it wasn't what he wanted to hear.
"Cas needs us, Sammy." Dean said as explanation. Sam said nothing as Dean pressed his foot down on the acceleration as far as he could.
"But I don't want it." Cas lamented. Gabriel looked at Cas surprised and laid a hand on his brother's shoulder as the angel hiccuped and struggled to pull in a breath.
Sam’s speech isn’t entirely mine, it’s comprised of various edits so credit to the creator(s)
"Shut up! I hear something." Dean whispered. Sam closed his mouth and listened with his brother. It took him a moment before he heard what Dean was hearing.
"He doesn't want you, he's using you, they all are. We're just going to end your suffering... After having some fun." Sathariel cackled. "You deserve this, they aren't even looking for you... they're rejoicing. Dean was using you for your body, when he finds out you're carrying this abomination he'll cast you out." He continued, voicing all of Cas' fears. The worst part was that Cas believed his brothers. "Dean would leave you if Gabriel gave you your usual vessel back and you know it." Cas let out a pitiful cry and nodded in agreement. Sathariel grinned up at Af and nodded. "Remember you're doing the universe a favour, Castiel." He murmured as he stroked a hand through her hair, the action could have been seen as a sign of affection between siblings but it repulsed Cas. Af strode forward with a knife in hand, twirling it menacingly.
"What is is?" Phil asked sleepily as he put his glasses on to look at the screen. Cas pointed to the screen with wide eyes. Through the grainy feed of the camera, there was a dark figure walking through the showroom, it's head down and face hidden from the cameras. It was heading towards the Golden animatronics room. The group followed it through the cameras and watched as it carefully opened the Golden Bonnie suit and climbed inside.
"Cas, you said that Golden Bonnie didn't look right." Dean said. Cas nodded slowly. Phil nodded too then took Cas and Dan's hands before leading them all towards the adults.
His old bedroom, like the rest of the house, was exactly as he remembered. He glanced around fondly, his eyes fell on the buttons and cranks littered around the room. He moved towards his old bed, letting his fingers running over the bookcase and desk. He perched on the bed and looked around again before looking at the wardrobe across from him. The wardrobe was like any other small walk in wardrobe but the little trapdoor next to it was out of the ordinary. The trapdoor was a foot wide and a foot high, it looked like the other doors in the house. Cas reached down the side of his bed and turned the crank hidden there then watched as the trapdoor opened and allowed the little figures to roll out on their track. The figures were mini versions of Freddy, Bonnie and Chica, the first versions in fact. They stuttered with disuse momentarily then the tinny music started, the figures danced as Freddy's song played, filling the room. Cas gave them a small smile and let them continue their song as he pressed the button next to the crank. A low whirring sound came from his bedside table then the front lowered to reveal his plush Fred Bear. He pulled the bear out and ran his fingers through its soft fur. He lifted his hand and pushed Fred Bear's hat down. Like the figures, it stuttered for a few seconds then it began talking.
"Go get our son." Cas said, running his hand through Dean's short hair. Dean watched Cas walk away, his head tilted to the side, then stood to retrieve Levi from his crib.
"That's someone from Daddy's past, he just wants to talk to her." Cas explained. Levi frowned, looking over Cas' shoulder at his father who had turned back to the strange woman.
"Yeah, Jack. Back home."
, he's still a guy and you need to remember that. You didn't just make a move because of the spell did you?" Sam asked.
"Oh sorry, I'm looking for Castiel Novak." The man said, his mind somewhere else in another time.
"I get a Unca Sammy? Like Daddy?" Levi asked. Cas frowned, his heart clenched and a lump rose in his throat.
"Morning, boys." Mary greeted, Bobby and John following behind them. She approached each of the men in turn, kissing their cheeks gently as if to ease the tension for the day. Everyone joined Levi at the table and waited in comfortable silence.
"What?" He questioned, genuinely confused.
"Perhaps." Dean nodded. "But we have to remember that Afton was Chuck's business partner so it is pausable that William just advised Chuck in closing that room off."
"Come on, let's go back to the Bunker." Sam said, wrapping an arm around Jack's shoulders.
"He k-" Dean started but he choked on his words before he could get them out. His free hand clenched angrily and he glared at Jack then stepped back. "I'm going to move Cas." Dean decided. He replaced his gun into his waistband as he turned, not looking back at Jack. He already hated the boy for brainwashing and killing Cas, but he looked like Cas too?! He could barely stand to look at him. He shoved his feelings away as he always did and headed back outside. He walked towards Cas, his steps cautious as though Cas would sit up and greet him. Even as he knelt down, he expected those sun-through-ocean eyes to open with a 'Hello Dean'. But alas, the angel didn't move, his eyes didn't open, he didn't deliver his iconic one-liner. Dean blinked away the new tears pooling in his eyes then, once he could see clearly again, he carefully maneuvered Cas into his arms, safely anchoring him against his chest. He paused. His eyes lifting to the clear sky, stars glinting brightly; a stark contrast to the pure darkness he felt. He felt like he couldn't breathe, like his life force, his reason to live, had been snatched away from him. And it had. "I'm sorry I couldn't save you." Dean whispered into the angel's ear as he laid him gently on the table. Once again, Castiel's voice drifted into his mind;
"Daddy!" Levi cheered. Dean grinned at his son and lifted the boy into his arms. "Is Papa ok?" Dean pushed the boy's curly hair away from his face and kissed his cheek.
"Yeah." Cas replied unnecessarily, since Dean seemed to know what he was talking about.
"Maria. This job has some simple requirements really, you just need to be able to read and use a computer, and organise the books." She said, straight to the point.
Things happen very fast
"Deanie." Cas whined, stretching her arms out towards the hunter. Dean smiled softly and took the young girl into his arms.
"I thought you meant that the elements had to be used in a spell to kill them." Sam inputted. Dean took a sip of his beer then nodded.
"I can't believe he pushed Levi off the climbing frame." Cas grumbled angrily when they were all sat in their seats. Dean reached over and placed his hand on the back of Cas' neck, rubbing his thumb across Cas' hairline.
"Papa play ships with Levi." Levi said joyously. Dean grinned at his son and pressed a kiss to his forehead.
"Cas?" Dean called. He peeked into Cas' room quickly on his way to his own room. " Cas?" He asked looking into the bathroom. "Cas?!"
"It would take less than a day of observation for him to understand the dynamics we have here." Dean said, leaning back in his chair casually.
"I'm so sorry, there's only 3 of us here and only two of us at any one time. Anyway, what can I do for you?" She said with an exhausted smile.
" Dean sighed. "
"What?" Dean croaked. Cas turned on Dean, anger whirling in his teary eyes.
"We're up." Charlie announced. Everyone hurried to gather behind Charlie and Mark so they could look at the screen. "Ok, I have a floor plan of the pizzeria on this screen," Charlie started, pointing to the TV on their right. "And the cameras on this screen." She pointed to the larger TV on the left. "The cameras are plotted on the floor plan with their field of vision, there are a few blind spots but they're mostly the end of hallways, corners and the security guard's office." Charlie's tone was serious and all business. They nodded along with her as she showed them the cameras on the floor plan and highlighted the blind spots.
"Castiel, wake up." Castiel whined and tried to cover his face with his sheets but they were promptly pulled away. "Castiel, wake up, you need to get ready for the Remembrance Ball." Castiel blinked up at his father and slowly pushed himself up. He rubbed his eyes and looked towards his closet, the door was open and his Spirit's Day gown was hung on it.
"That would be helpful, thank you, sir." Cas said. The owner bobbed his head once before turning into the office to get the photos.
"Erm, yeah ok. I'll be there in half an hour." Sam said before hanging up. Cas released a shaky sigh and pocketed his phone before turning back to his son.
"It's nearly ready, not long now." Cas said before pressing a gentle kiss to Levi's forehead. Cas glanced up at Dean fondly but quickly averted his gaze.
"Don't worry, Cas. We'll sort this out." Dean reassured with a smile. Cas smiled back and bowed her head.
"I'm going to inform them of your presence and of your Kingdom's movements." Dean said. Castiel nodded then shuffled to the corner of the platform, lowering himself to his knees easily and placing his hands on his lap. Dean watched him, confused. "What are you doing, Omega?"
"Hey, get away from him." Jack's eyes snapped open and whirled around at the loud shout. Dean shoved Jack out of the way and put himself between Cas and Jack. "Don't touch him." He growled. Jack frowned, not realising that the beginning of tears were in his eyes.
"When did he start kicking?!" Dean asked as the baby kicked his hand again.
"If he's my son why did you wait six years to tell me about him?" Dean asked. Lisa shrugged and tried to get closer to the man but found that Cas was in the way.
When they returned to the Bunker, Dean retreated straight to his room, completely ignoring his brother and the nephilim. He couldn't look at the boy. Jack watched Dean leave sadly, his eyes watering slightly.
"What am I going to ask him? 'Dad are you hiding something from me?' Anyway I don't know for sure, things just aren't adding up in my head." Cas said shaking his head. Phil nodded in understanding and looked over to Dean, who met his gaze. They had one of their usual silent conversations, discussing the well being of their younger friends through a look.
"Get on your hands and knees, gorgeous." Dean whispered into Cas' ear before pulling out and sitting back on his heels. Cas scrambled to do as he was told, laying his head on his arms and arching his back to give Dean a great view of his ass. "Mmm, that's what I like to see." Dean murmured to himself. Cas looked over his shoulder to look at his hunter and moaned upon seeing Dean with his hand wrapped around his still lubed cock with a smirk on his face, he pushed his ass towards Dean.
"'course I am." Dean smiled at his brother and patted him on the back then headed back down the stairs. "Cas?" He called when he reached the bottom of the stairs and couldn't see the angel.
"Keep looking at it." Phil demanded. Dean pushed against Phil's back and they hurried, almost ran, to the fire exit, keeping their eyes on Foxy the entire time. They ran all the way to Dean's car, only relaxing into shocked laughter when the car doors were shut.
"Perhaps I'll discuss an observation lesson with Omega Jessica then." With that, the Omega started the walk back to the Alpha.
"What?" Charlie questioned when they realised that they'd walked away. "I hate when they do that." She sighed. The boys laughed at her but turned to watch Dean and Phil. Phil approached the main doors and took the chain and padlock into his hand.
"I was looking for these one online last month." Sam rambled excitedly. Dean muttered 'nerd' then turned back to the presents.
"Are you at work tomorrow, beautiful?" Dean asked softly. Levi paused in his game and looked to his father questioningly.
"We gotta find Cas." Dean announced after a beat of silence. Sam nodded and looked around.
Cas heard as he tuned back in. Cas replied quietly and looked down at his phone as Gabriel hung up. He turned to look out at the parking lot, his eyes surveying the distant tree line where he knew Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria was hidden away. What was going on?
"No sun gets in here." Dean explained. Phil nodded and followed Dean as they hurried to get to Chuck's office and get out again. "Come on, Phil." Dean urged when Phil stopped in the middle of the room. Phil raised his hand to Dean, telling him to wait a minute, and looked around the dark room, flicking his torch around quickly. "What?" Dean asked, his voice a whisper. None of them have ever been the sort to raise unnecessary concern.
"I was driving back here when I passed out at the wheel. When I regained consciousness, I was very disconcerted and I realised I was female so I walked here because the car was wreaked then it started to rain on the way here and I kept tripping on my pants so I removed them." Cas explained. Dean snorted a quiet laugh at the, almost childlike, solutions Cas had come to.
"No, that's better actually. We need more insight to some of the complaints." Dean said as they walked in. The two brother's looked around the apartment as they were lead through to the living room. On the sofa sat the supposed twins. They had blonde hair and brown eyes. One of them had fear in his eyes, looking up at the hunters helplessly, silently calling for help. Sam nodded minutely to him and looked over at his 'twin'. Sam nudged his brother and nodded to the men sat on the sofa. Hayden sat next to the scared man's 'twin' and wrapped his arm around his waist. Sam watched as the scared man's eyes clouded with hurt. Dean looked around the three opposite, taking in any possible weapons. A glinting reflection caught his eyes between the sofa cushions. It was a knife.
"Daddy who these?" Levi asked. Dean smiled down at his son.
"You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey..." Tears began to fill Cas' eyes once again. Levi noticed the tears but said nothing, papa never told him why he was crying so why ask? Instead he wrapped his arms around Cas to hug him tightly. Sam watched from the door, a lump in his throat. Cas didn't deserve this. Sam only entered the room when he knew Levi was asleep.
"Yeah?" Dean answered from right behind him.
"Oh Lisa, hello." Cas greeted un-enthusiastically. Lisa either didn't notice or didn't care as she turned to watch Dean and Levi. Cas saw a small boy about 6 years old running towards the climbing frame, he had dark brown hair and brown eyes and was wearing an AC/DC shirt and a brown leather jacket. Dean noticed the new boy too and looked over to where Cas was standing. As soon as Levi's feet touched the ground, he took off running to join the new boy at the climbing frame.
"You won't know this because I've never told you, but I pray for Eli and Jimmy every night, I pray that we find them alive, I pray that wherever they are that they aren't in too much pain. I know that you prefer to think that they're dead but I think they're alive. I'm not saying that they're safe and well but I think they're alive." Dean started, his voice low and soft, "It's been 10 years, they would have found something by now if they were dead. I think that wherever they are, they're together, caring for each other. I just hope that the bastard who has them isn't hurting them too badly or they'll have me to deal with when we find them. And we will find them, I promise you. We're older now, we can look ourselves. But I promise you, we will find them." Cas smiled sadly as tears slipped down his face silently. Dean wiped them away with his thumb and returned the smile. "I'll be downstairs." Dean murmured. Then he turned and left the room without another word. Cas smiled after him but he missed the warmth of Dean's hand on his skin.
"Cassie," Gabriel started cautiously, "I think you're pregnant again..."
"Ok, bit of pressure." Was Cas' only warning before the doctor pushed the probe in. Cas winced and squeezed Dean's hand, which Dean replied with a reassuring kiss to Cas' lips. Dr Ottoway frowned and moved the probe slightly, he leant forward on his stool to look at the screen more closely. "Mr Winchester, when... When did you say you were assaulted?" The doctor asked, not taking his eyes away from the screen.
"Please, no more. I can't handle anymore. Please." He heard Cas crying out. Dean rushed forward toward the only light in the room. "No please I can't."
“Daddy? You have to work again? With Unca Sammy?” Levi asked softly. Dean gave his son a sad smile and nodded.
"I'm glad that you decided to stay."
"Jesus, Gabe. A little warning." Dean groaned. He looked around and saw the familiar run down scene that was a motel room. "Where are we?"
"Your grace..." Gadreel finally spoke up. "You're not at full strength." Cas' head snapped to Gadreel in surprise. "Gabriel's power is affecting your vessel and your grace. And the nephilim is using your grace to grow." An evil smile made it's way onto Azrael's face.
"Yeah, once you got into high school you were always helping with money and stuff." Dean recalled. Cas shook his head, scowling off into the distance.
"He's insisting he saw something on the cameras." Charlie said exasperated. Dan glared at Charlie and stormed up the stairs. They stayed silent as they heard a door slam upstairs.
"Oh Dean, Dean." Cas moaned. Cas could feel Dean's grip tighten bruisingly on his hips as the hunter drew closer to his release. Cas ground down on Dean's dick, clenching around him to try to get him closer.
"I'm ready." Castiel said with a smile. Jess cheered then moved to leave the room.
"I get that but why does she just jump to the conclusion that he did it, he's obviously trying to get better and she's recognised that. Part of learning to trust someone is not jumping to such conclusions, innocent until proven guilty and all." Dean reasoned. "He clearly loves his son too." Cas smiled and leant back into Dean's side. Dean raised his hand and cupped Cas' cheek to pull her into a soft kiss. Cas hummed contently and pushed into the kiss. Cas gasped as Dean gripped onto her waist, Dean took advantage of her slack mouth and he slipped his tongue passed her lips. Cas whined and tangled her hand in his hair to hold him in place. Dean smiled against her mouth and dragged his hand down her side to tighten his hand on her thigh. Cas bit her lip with a smirk when Dean pulled away for a breath, Dean ran his fingers through her hair and smiled at her lovingly. "Let's keep watching." He whispered, Cas' smile dropped slightly but she managed to keep it in place until she was tucked back into his side. She couldn't understand why Dean didn't want to keep going, he was known for sleeping with women so why was she any different, perhaps because she was actually a man but she still didn't understand why. Maybe Sam would know.
"Not Daddy. Please not Daddy. Not want Daddy." Levi cried. Cas huffed and started to walk towards the Winchester's, who had stopped when Levi had first started crying.
"Son of a bitch." Dean roared.
Cas woke up slowly to Levi jumping up and down on his bed. Once he saw that Cas' eyes were opening, he dropped onto his knees and crawled to his father.
"All of the victims were afraid of the dark and frequented a site about glassware." Cas finished. Sam looked at her confused.
"Alpha." Dean's right hand men entered the room. They joined the table, sitting in the two spare seats next to Donatello.
"Cas?" Said Sam from the doorway. Cas quickly wiped his face and turned to the younger Winchester. "What are you doing?"
"Good for you, it'll be good for us to have at least one of us earning money legally." Cas smiled, glad to have both of the Winchester's approval of his choice.
"You can?" Dean asked with a mocking smile.
"Papa, tired." Levi moaned. Cas rolled his eyes at the complaint.
"I am ok, thank you. I must be on my way." Castiel said dismissively. The wolf chuckled and stepped even closer. Castiel took a deep breath and fought to not gag on the other wolf's scent; Alpha.
"If the victim truly loves the siren then it will become human." Cas elaborated. The boys looked down in thought.
"Dean." Cas breathed when Dean's finger grazed over his hole. Dean covered three of his fingers in lube then pressed their lips together in a sweet kiss.
"Daddy?" He muttered softly. Dean hummed in acknowledgement. "Papa go?" He asked as the three moved to follow the angel.
An unusual rush of activity alerted Castiel to a change on the ward. He put the patient's file on the end of the bed and hurried out into the hall. The double doors to the ward were being breached by a hospital bed with a man laying on it and two of the nurses from the ER were pushing the bed through.
"It... It is actually." Castiel replied lamely. He had barely started it really and he knew that the other man could see that.
"This is Ryan and his twin, Thomas." Hayden said. The twin, Thomas, closed his eyes and looked away, a few stray tears slipped down his cheeks. Sam watched as Cas and Ryan locked eyes for a moment, Cas nodded a little before he looked back to Dean. "So what are these complaints you want to know about?"
"No, D-dean, it's-it's ok." Cas stuttered quickly. Dean glared down at Daryl but listened to Cas.
"No, no, you're rid of all ailments whenever you're healed by Gabriel or I and I haven't been in a situation that would allow me to catch anything undesirable. Please, Dean." Cas hurried out. The hunter smirked and pressed a deep kiss to Cas' lips before pulling back. Dean teased his dick over Cas' hole, taking in the sight of Cas' breathing speeding up and hands gripping onto the pillow. "Stop, stop teasing me."
"You can go tonight if you need to. We'll be here." Cas offered. Dean sighed and dragged his hand up Cas' body to cup the angel's head gently.
"My family, my brothers and my father, treat me as an equal. I do not bare my neck, I do not submit to any alpha further than a slight exposure of my neck out of respect for my family who are alphas." Castiel defended. He was aware that he had been baring his neck towards Winchester's king but he didn't want to try to explain the way the Alpha made him feel to the younger alpha.
"Cas-Castiel Novak." Castiel stuttered out.
"I know we haven't discussed it before and I know I shouldn't have presumed..." Cas started nervously.
"Ok, say you're right, that I'm in love with Cas, he's a dude. I can't..." Dean stuttered.
"What did I tell you?" He asked, his voice low. Levi immediately began to struggle but Dean had already dropped his own bags and was stronger than Cas. Theoretically, Cas would be stronger due to his angelic status but he liked to be weaker than Dean. Realising he couldn't escape Dean, Levi resorted to throwing his head back and sobbing loudly. Cas picked up Dean's bags then turned to get his own.
"I'm worried about him." Phil confessed. He sagged under the confession and flopped back into the couch.
"I want to do it."
Castiel had been told many horror stories about the savages, Winchester more than others as they were considered the worst of the worst. When he was younger, the stories of Winchester had given him nightmares; violent wolves tearing each other apart were enough to scare him for weeks.
"Unca Sammy weird." Levi commented as he put the top bun on the two finished burgers. Dean barked out a laugh and nodded.
"Then surely your brothers owe it to you to take her off your hands for a few hours." The girl persisted. Dean's eyebrows furrowed in frustration, which the teen mistook for confusion. "Why don't we go and find your brothers and ask them to take this precious little thing for a few hours while we... move some furniture around?" She asked stroking her hand over his arm. Dean shook his head.
"Wanna go Daddy an' Papa." Levi muttered sadly. Dean nodded.
"This is not the scenario I pictured when I image you screaming." Dean mumbled to himself. Cas blushed and shoved Dean's shoulder with his gently.
" Dean sighed, Cas could see the hunter rubbing his hand over his face.
"Yeah, he's so good at it. They've found no leads towards a suspect for any of the victims, he leaves no evidence despite obviously being very hands on with victims. And his signature? Off the top of my head, I can't think of another serial killer that carves intials into their victims chests." Cas rambled. He knew he sounded insane for praising a serial killer on his work ethic and ability but Dean had a pleased smile on his face with that odd glint returning to his eyes. Cas relaxed slightly but he seemed to be missing out on something.
"What do you mean?" Castiel questioned.
"Gabriel, would you mind getting me a suit?" Cas asked quietly. Gabriel smiled at his brother and click his fingers. Cas looked down; she was now wearing a grey pencil skirt, a white blouse, a grey blazer and professional black dress shoes. "Thank you, brother."
"Hiya Sammy." Dean said. He frowned as his eyes zeroed in on the full duffle bags in his brother's hands. "Where're you going?"
"Dean, we've talked about this, don't bring your on night stands back to the bunker!" Sam sighed exasperated. Dean scowled at his brother and threw his arm around Cas' shoulders.
Golden Freddy and Golden Bonnie were in animatronic mode and that much was obvious. Cas reluctantly released Dean's hand so he could approach the Golden animatronics; while he had feelings of hatred towards the Golden Bonnie, because he knew that he was used to kidnap his brother and his best friend's brother, the Golden suits were the first large animatronics his father made, they had been at Fredbear's Family Diner, they'd always been there for as long as he could remember. He hesitantly wandered behind the animatronics and opened Golden Bonnie's back.
"Sam." A timid voice asked. Sam turned, plastering a grin on his face.
"Sea aminals, Unca Sammy?" Levi asked politely. Sam nodded to the boy and pulled Blue Planet up on Netflix. Dean leant back, his arm resting on the top of the couch behind Cas. He smiled when Cas leant back into him.
"Thank you, Gabriel." Cas said softly. As Cas started to explore his new phone, Dean dropped a heavy present on Sam's chair.
"Oh, we... we didn't know that Alpha was here." Castiel chuckled and stood once again.
"Yeah..."
"Come on, wake up." Cas slowly opened her eyes. Gabriel's blurry face came into view. "That's it, brother. I'm here. You need to be awake so I can heal you." Cas blinked a few times and dizzily looked around. Gabriel pressed his hand to Cas' cheek, healing all her wounds. Cas coughed uncomfortably then met her brother's eyes. Gabriel let out a laugh of relief and pulled his brother into a hug. "I'm so glad to see you. Why didn't you call me right away?" He asked as he untied Cas' restraints. The younger angel looked down ashamed without a word so the archangel resorted to reading the angel's memory. "Oh, Cassie, none of that is true." Gabriel murmured. Cas sniffled.
"Castiel," Chuck greeted joyously when Castiel entered their dining room. "you look beautiful."
"Thank you, Gabriel. Boys." She said softly, nodding her head gratefully.
"See you soon, Levi." Dean replied. He turned on his heel and wandered out the door to his car, Sam following behind swiftly. "Ready?" Dean asked as Sam shut the door. After a single nod from his brother, Dean turned the ignition on and hit the gas, pulling out of the garage and speeding down the road.
"Hello Dean, it's Thursday. You've been asleep for a week now." Castiel announced as he did every day. A warm smile made it's way onto his face as he saw his favourite patient. "Sam hasn't been back to see you but he calls. Not that I think that helps." Castiel muttered in annoyance. Castiel sat down in his chair and slipped his hand into Dean's. "Gabriel came to see me yesterday, it was the same old big brother bull that he tries to pull but I'm used to it. He was mocking me for being so attached to a patient but I can't help it. He said that falling for your looks was stupid, that I don't even know you; I'm not stupid, I'm just... Hopeful." Castiel informed, he figured that, since Sam wasn't there to speak to Dean often enough, he'd talk. "Anyway, I'm going to do the usual tests. Starting with fingers, can you move them for me?" He sat back waiting to see if Dean would move, he hadn't managed it yet but Castiel had faith. Castiel patiently waited and smiled widely when Dean's fingers twitched as though they were going to close around Castiel's hand. "Yes, good job, Dean." He praised. He stood up quickly, leaving his hand in Dean's. "Ok, can you move your other hand?" Again, he waited for a response; which came as the slightest finger twitch. "Good. This is good progress, Dean." Castiel stroked Dean's hair and squinted at the slight movement of Dean's face.
"Dean, since my grace has weakened a few... feelings have become more pronounced." Cas said after a moment of thought.
"There's no spines, no ribs, no collarbones, no heads." Cas elaborated. They looked down at the bones confused. "If these are the kids that my dad was talking about they shouldn't be just bones at the moment, they should still have skin, muscles. But they coincide with what my dad told me."
"Ok, well, I can do that." Cas reassured with a smile. Levi picked up Cas phone, held it up to Cas' face to unlock it then started to go through his pictures.
"Well sometimes some boy-" Sam started but he got interrupted by Dean.
"Good boy, what do you say?" Dean asked. Levi looked up at Dean, their eyes meeting.
"You wanna suck my cock, baby?" Dean murmured. Cas nodded and tilted his head so Dean had more room to kiss his neck.
"I often spoke to my father, before I was born..." Jack elaborated when he saw Sam's face, "He spoke fondly of you and Dean." Sam smiled softly upon hearing that; he knew that Cas regarded him as a brother but he was never sure.
Dean argued. Cas shook his head but stilled when he felt Levi's hand shyly playing with his hair.
"Why did you have to move while he was in here?" Cas whispered. Dean chuckled and kissed Cas' forehead. He rolled them over and grinned down at the angel. Dean quickly adopted a fast and hard rhythm as he fucked into Cas. "Dean..." Cas whimpered quietly into Dean's ear. Dean grumbled and shifted his position slightly so he could lean down to suck marks onto Cas' neck while Cas scratched down his back, renewing the marks there. He thrust into Cas as hard as he could, making sure that he hit Cas' prostate head on with each thrust. Cas whined, his head thrown back on the pillows. "Oh Dean." Cas sighed happily. He curled his hands into Dean's hair to bring him up into a kiss.
"It goes to dad's workshop." Cas answered. He stood and approached the door, aware of the other's following him. He pushed the door open and quickly flicked on the light to flush out the darkness. He gestured for his friends to follow him as he stepped over the threshold of the room.
"I love you." Cas confessed. Dean's heart swelled and a grin split on his face; he could see the raw adoration and devotion in Cas eyes. Dean leant forward and rested their foreheads together.
"Gabe? What's wrong?" Asked Sam sleepily as he rubbed his eyes. Gabriel looked back at the other bed and said nothing, only pointed in shock.
I know you don't think you do but you deserve to be happy and it's about damn time something good happened. He's Cas, male or female. We all know you've fallen for him, anyone with eyes can see that." Sam explained softly, Dean blushed and bowed his head.
"So this guy is using the Golden Bonnie suit to sit in the security guard's office and eat?" Mark asked incredulously.
"What's so funny?" Cas asked. Levi pointed to the screen where the main character was trying on a tiara with wide eyes.
"He, Cas meant a lot to him." Sam explained with a shrug. Jack nodded in understanding as though he'd known them for years and the simple sentence made complete sense in regards to how the two interacted. Sam's eyebrows furrowed in confusion at the nod, Jack had never seen Cas and Dean interact.
"C'mere, baby." Dean murmured, shuffling himself over to his side of the bed. Cas laid down on his side and smiled when Dean towered over him, resting his arms either side of Cas' head. "You're so beautiful." Dean mumbled, almost to himself, and grazed his eyes over Cas' exposed skin. He traced a light finger across the waistband of Cas' panties then flattened his hand on the angel's stomach. Dean leant down and brushed his lips against Cas', not quite touching.
"Daddy, Papa, tree in house!" Levi shouted, preventing Cas from reacting to the kiss. They turned to the boy with smiles on their faces.
"Because I
Dean said but Cas could hear the smile in the man's voice.
"We glanced in but Dan wanted to see if we could get the power on." Phil replied.
"I would appreciate that, thank you Sam." Cas said with a smile. Soon, they were back in the bunker and Sam decided that it was time to approach his brother. Cas was in her room unpacking her new clothes so he knew he had a while.
"I'm sorry, Cas, but people were dying." He justified.
"You're welcome, sweetie." Mary said. Sam ruffled Levi's hair then everyone turned back to Dean.
"Dean." Cas whined, his head dropping to the side so that Dean had more space to mark him. Dean hummed against Cas' neck, he briefly moved his hands to Cas' knees to encourage the angel to wrap his legs around his waist before they were back on Cas' upper thighs. Eventually, Dean leant back slightly to observe his work, admiring the marks he'd made before capturing Cas' lips again. Cas grasped at the front of Dean's shirt, almost desperately, but a loud knock at the door had Dean pulling back.
"Ok, well you've seen me, goodbye." Dean said abruptly. Lisa looked at the hunter in shock, her mouth opening and closing as she searched for something to say back to him. Dean raised an eyebrow then shook his head. He turned on his heel and followed after Cas and Levi leaving Lisa staring after him, still wordless and in shock.
"Thank you, Hannah. Tell him I'll be down once I'm presentable." Castiel eventually murmured. Hannah nodded and skipped out of the room. Castiel laid back down with a groan and stared at the ceiling for a moment before he threw back the covers and moved to his bathroom to get dressed. Despite it being winter, Castiel slipped a velvet, black dress over his head; he figured the thick fabric and long sleeves would be enough to protect him from the cold.
"What do you think he knows?"
"You can wait in our man corner, handsome. She'll show you when we're ready." Amber said with a gesture to the chairs outside the fitting rooms. Cas watched Dean sit down with fond eyes, something only Amber seemed to notice. "Come on, sweetheart. Let's get you fitted." Amber lead her into the small room. Cas removed her, well Dean's, shirt on demand but she lowered her gaze self-consciously. Amber smiled sympathetically and handed her a bra to try on. "Some guy you got out there." She said softly. Cas looked at her with a head tilt.
"Good because I know you love him Dean, I know you do and I'm completely fine with that. Dad is gone, he can't hurt you anymore and I know Mom loves you no matter, so do I but I love Cas too, don't hurt him." Sam said before turning back to his papers. Dean huffed then stood up and headed to the gym. Sam sighed then prayed to Gabriel.
"Thank you, Mikey." Castiel murmured when the tiara was firmly on his head. Michael and Gabriel bowed jokingly. Castiel giggled and curtsied again.
"Not one of your best traits, Dean." Cas said as Levi opened his mouth to show Cas that he'd swallowed.
"He changed you to a teen whereas Cas is a toddler. Children are notorious for being brutally honest and they aren't corrupted by the world around them yet so they see people for who they truly are." Gabriel countered. "Cas hardly remembers anything due to being in this state, he has two acts of power pressing down on him. In his mind, he is three and female so he's seeing Aether's true form."
"Nothing can get passed us, Danny." Dan laughed at the older boy and leant into him.
"Elijah?" Phil asked. Dean shook his head somberly and glanced back at Cas.
"Yeah." Cas huffed, shaking his head.
"We gotta tell your mom, Dan." He said calmly. But Dan just shook his head again.
"Oh, please, Dean, move." Cas whispered against Dean's skin, moving back against Dean. Dean growled lowly and slowly pulled back to thrust in. "Ah, oh fuck, Dean." He moaned as Dean started to speed up.
Strong hands gripped his waist suddenly but they instantly felt wrong. They dragged him into a narrow alley between two shops and shoved him down to the floor behind the dumpster. Cas watched helplessly as the coffee that had been in his hand fall to the floor and spill everywhere.
"Hey dad." Cas called out into the quiet house. From deeper in the house, he heard rustling and a string of cuss words, making him chuckle to himself. Seconds later his father emerged from his study.
"Wanna watch more of your favourite psychopath?" He asked. Cas thought about it for a second then nodded with a sigh. Dean grinned and pulled up the next episode of American Horror Story, Cas pulled her curls over one shoulder then leant into Dean's side. Sam watched the scene in surprise but said nothing. Dean subconsciously ran his hand up and down her side as they watched. Cas smiled to herself and leant into him further. Eventually Sam and Gabriel joined them until Dean's stomach growled loudly. "Let's go get food." Dean announced standing up. Cas fell on her side and glared up at him. They piled into the Impala and Dean pulled out to find the nearest diner.
"There have been some whispers about a few scams in town." Dean improvised. Sam nodded and looked at Hayden and Ryan. Dean was watching Thomas carefully looking for a way to help him. The hunters let Hayden and Ryan talk about some fake scams for a while until Dean turned to Thomas.
"Food, Daddy?" Levi asked, pushing himself up on the back of the chair to look at his dad. Dean chuckled and shook his head.
Cas opened his eyes and sighed, another start to a tough way of life. Cas smiled tiredly at Levi as he pulled the toddler into his arms. He made his way downstairs and smiled at the younger Winchester.
"But..." He started. Castiel pulled his arm out of Sam's grasp and stepped away.
"Everything's ready, Dean." Sam said lowly. Dean nodded and turned back to Cas.
"Aether." Gabriel replied. Aether sighed.
"Let's go to sleep." Dean whispered against Cas' lips. Cas pulled back and smiled down at Dean then laid her head on Dean's chest to go to sleep. Dean stroked her hair and smiled up at the ceiling, he didn't think he'd ever been this happy before. Eventually they both fell into a deep slumber, a sleep so deep that Dean didn't even stir when Sam and Gabriel returned which was unusual for the older Winchester since he was taught to always be alert but Gabriel would have sensed if something was wrong. Sam waved it off, Dean had been pretty stressed since God had returned and the whole thing with Amara and Mary so the younger man thought that his brother deserved this. In the night, Gabriel felt Dean and Cas' biological structure shift and change. His head snapped towards the two on Dean's bed and he instantly moved to wake Sam up.
"There's a gate there, Dean." Cas said pointing to the gate on the far side of the play area. Everyone turned to look for the gate then turned to Dean and Phil with smug smiles. Dean rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment as he looked at, but he noticed the chain tying it to the fence.
"Elements." Cas interjected suddenly. The brothers turned to her surprised and confused.
"Could you please make your mac and cheese? Please?" Cas begged, his eyes wide with a pleading smile. Dean laughed at the shift in Cas' demeanor but nodded.
"He's paid me all of it, I did pay roll, my own included. I got the amount he was required to give me." Cas said, his eyes slowly focusing back on his friends, his family.
"She's... She's great. All my life I thought I couldn't be in a relationship because of our life but when she pulled me out of Hell- and we got passed the stick up the ass phase- I could finally connect with someone. And she's a good girlfriend." Dean answered with a lovestruck smile.
"No, I don't think so." Dean retorted.
"What's up, doc?" Dean asked gently. Now that they were at the hospital, his nerves were starting to calm slightly.
"I do want to stay with him but Sam said he needs backup on the case." Dean justified. Cas shook his head and looked at Dean, he laid his head on the back of the seat and sighed.
"Mark, go with her. Don't leave her alone." Phil said firmly. "I know we keep saying it but while we're doing this, while we're investigating Freddy's, no-one is going anywhere alone. I'm not overly comfortable with us going anywhere in two's but there's only so much I can control. Let's just try and not have history repeat itself, alright?" The younger members of the group nodded seriously, obediently. Dean and Phil were the goofiest of the group, always joking around with smiles on their faces, always trying to make their friends laugh, so when they were both serious and straight-faced, the other's knew to be serious too, especially when it came to their safety.
Dean spent the next 4 months trying to think of a name that would work but nothing fit. He spent hours in the garage with his music blasting as his brain went through every name he could think of.
"It seems he'll be at home here, Dean." Jessica gestured to the Omega with a grin. Castiel was now knelt in the grass, a handful of pups jumping around him. Jessica opened her mouth to scold a couple of pups who were laying on one of the smaller pups but she paused as Castiel rose to his feet to rescue the small pup.
"If you want to, yeah." Dean smiled. Levi nodded excitedly and flicked through the book looking at the pictures. "Ok, from Mom." Dean said tugging a thick present onto his lap. It was a leather, bound scrapbook that had the name Campbell crossed out with Winchester written beneath it.
"He's gone to get Papa some food that's all." Cas reassured. Levi frowned and turned to look at his father.
"I only shouted at you because you scared me, Levi. You can't take your arms out of the straps when you're in the car, it's dangerous." Cas explained after a moment.
"Missouri?" Castiel asked, leaning over the nurses station counter. "Has the coma patient's emergency contacts been called yet?"
"I'm showing Omega Prince Castiel around." Dean said pulling Castiel to stand in front of him. "Omega, this is Donna, she's in charge of this place." The bubbly omega grinned at Castiel and stepped forward with her arms open. "Go ahead." Dean murmured when he felt Castiel hesitate.
"I'm just going to get the nurse to draw your blood, I'll see you in a few hours." Dean watched the doctor walk out then turned to Cas.
"Yeah, I find them fascinating. I have so many true crime books detailing all kinds of crimes but serial killers are my favourite." Cas blushed when he realised how crazy that sounded when he said it out loud. However, when he looked up at Dean to gauge his reaction, the businessman had a glint in his eyes and an odd smile on his face.
"We were just having some fun, Dean." Sam said as he moved to sit with his family. Cas gave his family their breakfast before retreating to his room. He grabbed a duffle bag and began throwing his and Levi's clothes into it.
"Burgers."
"I knew you wanted me, and I wanted you, I found a way to finally have you, I got the courage to initiate it and I want to keep going. I wanted to go more than once so I may have used my grace to keep you from orgasming until you truly want to, that way we both get what we want." Cas explained. Dean moaned in his ear, thrusting his dick in between Cas' cheeks.
"What was unnecessary?" He hissed through clenched teeth.
"Why?" Dean questioned around his food.
"Dan's calming down upstairs, he said he'll be down when we start dinner." A voice said from behind him. Dean started slightly but tried not to move.
"I know. And I'm trying. But I grew up being told horror stories about you and your pack, I grew up with prejudices towards my being an Omega." Castiel explained, "I want to believe you, I swear." Dean smiled, he gently cupped Castiel's jaw and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead.
"Sam said not to do that." Cas said when he felt Dean stood next to him.
"Yeah, I figured you'd need direct access to it." Gabriel answered opening the door to reveal the bunker beyond it. "At the moment this door is the front door and so is the only way to get into the bunker."
"Father left us! He left us to fend for ourselves and that's what we're doing!" Af declared.
"No use taking pity on him when that's where he wanted to be." Dean grinned, only taking his eyes off his task to wink at Cas. Cas blushed delicately. Sam chuckled at the two and returned to entertaining Levi. Dean took Levi's cut-up pancake to the boy and handed him the little plastic fork despite knowing the boy wouldn't use it then he turned to his place behind Cas. The angel could feel the outline of Dean's dick pressed against his ass through their boxers, which caused him to lower his head to his chest and close his eyes for a second.
"Chill, bro, Levi went to get his otter and bee." Dean shook his head at the angel and picked up another squishy present.
"Yeah just a problem that wouldn't go away." Dean answered. "Can you listen out for Levi? I'm going to find Cas." Gabriel nodded then Dean disappeared through the backdoor. Dean walked to the back of the garden where Cas was stood by his bee hives. The hunter approached the angel, wrapping his arms around his waist and kissing along Cas' jaw.
"I'm not following." Bobby said after a moment. Dean took a calming breath and rested his hand on the back of the chair.
"Yes, Mr Winchester?" Castiel asked, his tone resigned and annoyed. Sam stopped in front of him and hesitated, looking around the ward at the patients.
Cas slowly woke up to shuffling in the kitchen, he opened his eyes and blinked a few times to adjust to the darkness of the room. He glanced around at his sleeping friends; Dean was still stretched across the couch, Phil was squished on the armchair and Mark and Charlie were behind him on the makeshift bed on the floor the younger members of the group had been sharing, but there was a space in front of him that the youngest boy had been occupying when they had all gone to bed. He sat up and carefully stepped into the kitchen, trying not to wake his friends.
"Good, Daddy. Papa make cookies and pie with Unca Gabe, he say he practice." Levi answered. Dean grinned, his eyes flicked to Cas' red face.
"Cas? What happened?" Sam asked. Cas shrugged and slumped sadly on the bed. "Cas? Is it because of the shifter?" Cas hiccuped and nodded.
Amulet from Bobby- https://www.eartisans.net/collections/health-amulets-and-talismans/products/seal-of-solomon-health-and-prosperity-amulet
"What did I tell you before we left?" Dean reiterated, his voice dropping slightly. Levi whimpered and looked down at his feet, his chest heaving as he choked out little sobs. "Well?"
Phil swallowed thickly and took a deep breath once the others had gathered around the door, he wedged his fingers into the gap ready to open it. He looked at each of his friends individually to gain confidence before opening it; Dean reached behind Dan and patted Phil on the shoulder and left his hand there, Dan snuck one hand into Phil's and held on tightly while his other hand grasped Dean's shirt, and Cas gripped onto Phil's shirt, holding it tightly. Once all of them had some form of anchor on each other, he slowly opened the door after another moment of hesitation.
"Yeah, Jess taught me how to do messy buns and Charlie taught me how to do french braids." Sam said off-handedly. Cas smiled thankfully and nodded.
"No offence, Dad but I couldn't give a shit what you think." Dean said bluntly. John's eyes widened marginally in shock at his son talking back to him but it quickly changed into a small smile.
"Castiel, I know you want Dean and I understand I do. You love him and you want him to show that he loves you too. But turning you into a woman isn't the way." Gabriel said softly. Cas shook his head.
Dean reluctantly lifted Cas off his lap so that he could deposit the boy next to Phil. He knew that once Cas got into a cuddly mood, he didn't really mind whose body he was next too; though he had always blatantly prefered Dean, not that the others minded. After a lasting look towards the content boy, Dean stepped around the couch to start on dinner for them.
"When are we ganking this bitch?" He asked as he poured his coffee. Cas watched him for a moment then continued reading.
was the one who put the spell on Cas. The only question was why? With that question in mind, he followed his family out to the Impala. When they arrived at the mall, Dean refused to let go of Cas in fear that she'd get lost in the crowd.
"Then there's no way that he's a spy." Bobby concluded.
"Hey, no, careful. It's hot." Dean scolded as he pulled Levi away. Cas smiled to himself then turned to the boy in his love's arms.
"Are you Cas?" One of the pups asked. Castiel grinned down at the pup then lowered to his level.
"Zeppelin misses you, I know I can't bring him here because you don't want him to be upset seeing you like this but he keeps asking about you." Sam was saying. Castiel frowned, swallowing down the lump in his throat; he knew that Dean was too attractive to be single, just his luck.
Cas pulled into a motel that was relatively close to the house. He carefully lifted Levi out of his car seat and into his arms. He carried Levi to the reception, where a middle aged woman was sat contently behind the desk.
"Is Daddy coming to?" Ben asked chirpily. Lisa shook her head then turned to scowl at Dean again. "It's because of that man and that kid, isn't it?" Ben spat. Dean's jaw clenched and he shook his head.
"So it's true." An old looking beta mumbled as they approached.
"Why? Daddy and Papa not want baby?" Levi leant back to look at his father and laid his small hand on the angel's stomach.
"That pathway, in the hedge, it wasn't there before." Cas said absently.
"Do you think he'll let me see him?" Dean asked. Sam turned to his brother with a sympathetic look.
"What do you want?" Asked Dean when they reached the toy aisle.
"In Daddy and Papa's room." Cas replied, snapping out of his trance.
"I see, is it hard to have him be out of town while Levi's so young?" She asked. Cas shook his head and ran his hand through Levi's hair.
"Oh no, not forgotten. I simply do not care." He retorted.
"No, Dean. Please no." Cas begged. Dean looked down at her sadly and nodded, holding her tightly.
"Boy, I did not raise you to treat your family like that." John said after a moment of silence when Dean finished retelling the events. Dean flinched.
"You're on our territory, Adler." The Head Alpha growled. The three new alphas moved subtly to stand between the alpha, Adler, and Castiel.
"Cas, I can't find Cas or Levi." Dean said. He looked worried, his eyes full of concern. "I was going to see if he wanted to watch American Horror Story with me but I can't find him." Sam sighed and turned to Dean.
"No, that... that's not my dad's work." Cas said after a moment. Mark turned his gaze away from the books and looked at the blueprint too.
"Oh I don't think so." Outside thunder clapped loudly, shaking the building. Aether rolled his eyes then muttered under his breath. Behind Gabriel, Dean huffed at the sudden weight of an adult Cas, still female but an adult. Suddenly, the Winchester's and the angel's were in an unfamiliar house.
"Because I hurt Papa." Levi nodded seriously and tilted his head in thought.
An overwhelming sense of foreboding fell on Cas as he hopped over the playground fence to follow the drag marks once again. His friends were due to get to Freddy's soon but he had arrived early to investigate the grave sight once again without distraction.
"Levi look at me." Dean said, Levi turned to Cas again with a wet face. Cas kept his eyes on Dean, he couldn't look at Levi without breaking. "Levi." Dean demanded. Levi's eyes flicked to Dean, scared. "What did I tell you before we left?" Dean asked. Levi sobbed again.
“I know, but Uncle Sam has done a lot of the work here so that we wouldn’t be as long as last time.” Dean explained. Cas frowned and laid his head on Dean’s shoulder. “It’s only a werewolf so it really shouldn’t take that long.” Dean whispered to the angel. Cas nodded into Dean’s neck then shifted so that he was curled against the man’s side and Levi slipped between the two. “Come on, let’s get into our pyjamas and watch a movie.” He suggested after a moment. Cas nodded, he slid Levi onto the floor and gathered the boy up the stairs with Dean following closely behind them. Dean simply stripped down to his boxers while Cas changed into pyjama shorts and one of Dean’s old Led Zeppelin shirts and Levi was changed into a The Little Mermaid footie onesie.
"I am exhausted." Dean kissed Cas' forehead and shuffled until he was comfortable. "Goodnight gorgeous." Dean whispered. Cas relaxed into Dean's hold and fell into a blissful sleep. "I love you." Dean stuttered out once he was sure the angel was sleeping. Then he fell asleep himself.
"Dan doesn't believe in ghosts." Cas mumbled. Dean and Phil hummed in question. Cas moved his head slightly and repeated what he said.
"Ok, see you then."
"A new laptop!" Sam cheered. "Thanks, guys, I needed a new one. You, know after a certain someone broke my other one." Sam finished, glaring at his older brother. Dean shrugged with a smile then pulled his last present in front of him.
"I'll get him some pyjama's." Dean said to Cas, gently squeezing the other's neck before turning to Cas' room to grab Levi some pyjama's. Cas sighed with a small smile as he began to wash Levi, even if he didn't trust the way Dean was acting, he may as well enjoy it while it lasts.
"Levi, no, I told you not to open that door." Dean said sternly. Levi turned in shock at his father's tone then bowed his head upon seeing his father towering over him.
"You alright, sweetheart?" Dean asked softly. Cas hurried over to Dean and hid his face in the hunter's neck. Levi reached across Dean's body to run his hand through his father's thick hair.
"What?" He asked when Castiel didn't continue.
"Papa." A soft voice said. Cas looked to the crib and a wide smile spread across his face. Levi was stood in the crib looking at Cas, a gummy smile made its way onto his little face. Cas lifted the little boy into his arms and sat on the bed with him on his lap. The boy had light brown, curly hair, a little button nose and blue-green sectoral heterocromia. Cas smiled and pulled Levi against his chest, laying down with him held tightly against him. Cas tightened his arms slightly around his son, who snuggled into his father's chest. After a few minutes of cuddling, Levi sat up on Cas' stomach and pointed to his mouth.
"I sorry, Daddy." Levi said sincerely. Dean smiled at the boy and opened his arms. The little boy fell into his dad's arms happily and relaxed into the hug, feeling safe in his father's strong arms.
"I'm going to look for a job tomorrow." Cas mentioned. Gabriel frowned suspiciously.
"Why do you want to cut your hair?" Dean asked.
"Yeah, still good." Cas finished, nuzzling the boy's cheek.
"Cas? Sweetheart, are you alright?" Dean asked, putting his gun in his belt and kneeling in front of Cas.
"Wanna look like Daddy!" Levi exclaimed excitedly. Cas laughed and shook his head, he set Levi in his crib so he could get Levi's clothes out of the dresser. He got Levi dressed then stood back to look at the boy; Levi had on a plain grey t-shirt under a signature Winchester plaid shirt with dark jeans and little combat boots. Levi giggled and started to dance excitedly.
Cas had also told him that Sam hadn't visited since he was first admitted and he was worried about Zeppelin.
"No!" Cas exclaimed when Dean pulled his fingers out and wiped them on his boxers.
Dean felt the lump in his throat as they all pulled up to FredBear's Family Diner. He reluctantly got out of the car and followed his friends to the door, cleverly keeping his eyes from the side of the building.
"Baby, I love it." Dean purred. He sucked lightly on Cas' earlobe before he moved back to look into Cas' eyes.
"Dad-Daddy, he hurt." Levi sobbed.
"No, Dean, I just wanted to make sure." Cas whispered. Dean hummed, Cas' hands rubbed up his neck and ran his fingers through Dean's short hair. "Can I...?" Cas started shyly.
"Your scent, instinct." Castiel shook his head desperately. "Hey, it's ok. In Winchester, we don't force our omegas to mate anyone, even if Fenrir paired them himself. I will teach you, don't worry. But I need to tell my father first." As soon as Dean had finished, an alpha with salt and pepper hair walked into the room, a stormy look on his face.
"Maybe you should stop mentioning leaving the kingdom," Michael started when Castiel slid his favourite books into his bookcase. "Dad hates it when you do, and, I'd be lying if I said I didn't too."
"I'm thinking so, and I'm close to figuring out who it is. I've been calling around but we'll need to look around for a few days to be sure." Sam said. Dean nodded. He patted Sam on the shoulder and stood.
"God sent us." Mary said. Dean frowned.
"Kismas, Papa, need to wake up." Levi said softly. Cas slowly opened his eyes and was met with Dean's green eyes.
"Sunshine, papa." Levi said as Cas carried him toward his crib after getting him changed. Cas nodded and held onto Levi tightly then began to sing.
"Let's light this candle." Dean said. Gabriel clicked his fingers and subjected Dean to the same setting as Sam had. However, Dean's head never raced, adrenaline never flowed, muscles stayed relaxed and he didn't sweat. Due to Dean's lack of reaction, he wasn't pulled back when Sam was. Gabriel pulled him back after a moment. "Did I pass?"
Castiel replaced the nasal cannula under Dean's nose then looped it over his ears, he let his hand stroke over Dean's jaw before standing.
"What do you mean it's your fault?" Cas asked. Gabriel glanced away from his brother.
After searching all of the rooms, they resorted to looking for an adult. All of the adults sat in an area at the front of the pizzeria out of the way.
"Will you talk to me about it? You know you can always talk to me." Dean asked, his tone leaning towards begging and, for once, he couldn't bring himself to care. Cas bit his lip and looked down at Levi, he hesitated as he weighed the pros and cons of telling the other man then slowly nodded. Dean gave Cas a smile then stepped around the other to find the archangel. Cas smiled at the little boy resting in his arms and moved to the sofa, carefully lowering himself down onto it. He shifted Levi slowly allowing his chubby legs to fall either side of his body while Levi's head laid on Cas' shoulder.
Cas slouched back into the sofa, Levi was down for a nap and the Winchester brother's were due to return the next day. He looked around the room behind him, no-one, and the rest of the house was quiet too. He sighed to himself, he'd become quite dependent on the company of others in the past few years. He had gotten into a few shows and different channels on YouTube; which reminded him, there was one particular show that he'd seen a few people react to and he'd found the concept interesting so he picked up the TV remote and searched for the show.
It didn't take long for the clearing to fill with pack members. There was some pushing and shoving as some wolves tried to get close to the platform but Dean stopped it with a raised hand. Castiel was glad he was on the platform with Dean rather than on the floor with them because they were packed together tightly with barely enough room to move. Which surprised Castiel, the clearing was massive but thousands of pack members filled it, some even standing between the trees.
"Hello, Trickster." Gabriel bragged with a cocky smile as Cas returned to her seat.
"I know, sweetheart, but he's having one of his days. He's not listening and today is one of the important days that I need him to listen." Dean said. Cas briefly closed his eyes and raised his hand to cup Dean's jaw. He guided the hunter into a sweet kiss to calm him slightly.
"That's right, good job. So that means, in 3 weeks, it will be Christmas Eve, that's when Santa comes." Cas explained. Levi tilted his head in confusion. Dean's heart tightened fondly and his green eyes turned to Cas, softening affectionately.
"A nephilim grows at a much faster rate than human baby. It takes two to three days for it to form it's soul fully, the part of Dean within it took a tiny part of Dean's soul and, while it grows within Cas, it will take a tiny part of his grace then in those two or three day it will 'twist' it's parent's soul to make it their own. When it's soul is formed, it will need to form it's own body according to it's parents appearances. During this period, Cas will need to be in his normal body because when the baby has it's body it'll be a 1 year old human. It will confuse the baby if one of it's parents changes while it's so young." Gabriel explained. Sam nodded in understanding.
"Yeah?" Dan replied for them. They all turned their eyes away from the camera that was facing the corridor outside the security guard's office and looked towards the boy.
"How was I supposed to find you, dummy? You practically disappeared off the face of the Earth." Lisa answered with an easy smile. Dean shook his head in disbelief.
"I only came out when I heard the engine start, so I didn't see you inappropriately grope our best friend." Sam teased. Dean rolled his eyes at the other man but he could feel his heart rate slowing. "So when are you going to tell him?" Sam was reminding Dean of an excitable child, he could practically see the man bouncing with energy.
"We've searched the whole house, there's nothing else here." Sam insisted. Dean shook his head.
He found himself opening Elijah's door and hesitantly entering the dusty room. It was messier than he had been expecting; the small bed had never been made, toys had never been put away. Cas swallowed thickly, trying to rid himself of the lump in his throat, and blinked a few times as he sat down on the low bed.
" Dean said sincerely. Levi sighed and turned in Cas' arms, hiding his face in his Papa's neck. "
"Hi guys." Cas greeted them with a tight smile, his mind was racing. Dean looked at the younger boy and frowned, meeting Phil's eyes.
"No-one ever believed us." He murmured absently. Cas looked at the older boy, his face scrunched up in confusion. Mark did the same.
"What's wrong, Levi?" Cas asked, approaching his family.
"You can forget it now, brother. Let it go." Gabriel murmured, he pressed his lips to Cas' forehead then stood. "I'm taking the eldest Winchester's on a trip, they want to go somewhere hot on a vacation before Christmas." Cas nodded and ran his hands through Levi's curls. "I'll be back soon." After another nod from the seraph, Gabriel disappeared. Cas sat in silence for a while, just listening to Levi's breathing.
"Ok." He whispered. Dean sat, running his hand through Cas' hair and staring at Cas' flat stomach, as they waited for Dr Ottoway to return.
"Really?!" Cas exclaimed excitedly. Dean chuckled softly and nodded.
"But it won't work." Cas insisted once the other had finished. Not-Dean raised an eyebrow incredulously.
"Hey Levi, were you a good boy for granny, grandpa and uncle Bobby?" Dean asked. Levi nodded with a gummy grin that resembled Cas'.
"Some people in Topeka have been found torn apart. Doesn't discriminate on gender, sexuality, religion, ethnicity or age, though victims tend to be between 13 and 25." Sam said, reading the articles from his laptop.
"You guys sound like elephants." Dean remarked with a grin.
"Can you tell us why?" He asked gently. He laid his hand over Dean's on the table and smiled gratefully as each of the others laid their hands on Dean's arm comfortingly.
"I'll take him to his room." Cas said as he pulled into the garage, being carefully not to scrape Baby. Dean nodded his ok then got out. He wandered into the kitchen and pulled a Coke out of the fridge. Cas walked into the house with a sleeping Levi in his arms, Dean kissed the angel then smiled as he watched Cas carry Levi upstairs.
"Putting your beer back, because you're not drinking this early." Cas replied, surprised that his voice was steady. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas' waist and tugged him forward so that the angel fell against his body.
"We're alright, right Levi?" Cas said. Levi frowned and leant towards the phone.
"Blueprints?" Mark asked. Dean shook his head.
"I'm glad you're both ok." Dean said keeping his eyes on Levi.
"We watch telly, Daddy?" Levi asked softly. Dean smiled at his son and nodded.
"Here I have my brother, I have my parents, I have my friends, I have
"You ready to call Sam?" Dean asked softly. Cas nodded, unable to keep the smile off his face.
"Watch Nemo, snacks, nap." Levi said lowly. Cas nodded in interest and sat next to him.
“Are you going to tell mom?” He asked cautiously. Dean huffed humourlessly.
. Castiel's comforting words were often a welcome change to the self-depreciation that usually ran through, however, now, he wouldn't get to see the mix of fond sadness and adoration, he'd never get to see that again. This didn't feel like all those other times, this felt final. Like the end of the line. Reluctantly, he laid a sheet over Cas' body. With a deep, shaky sigh, he took one last look at Cas' face then he covered it.
"I like it but it's not very practical for hunting." Cas answered sadly. Sam chuckled and shook his head.
"Papa?!" Levi called from inside. Cas' head snapped towards the house and he made quick work of wiping his face before he joined Levi. "It's your favourite part, Papa." The boy said when Cas sat down next to him. They watched together as Lilo found Stitch in the shelter then Levi turned to his dad. "Why you mad?"
"Cas? Would you like dresses or pants?" Dean asked softly, not really wanting to interrupt Cas' singing but not knowing what to pick for her. Cas looked around the section then pointed to a dress. Dean picked it up and smiled; the dress had a light aqua blue torso with pink and orange ombré flower and purple flower details and the green stems connected them and the skirt was a peach soft tutu. "You'll look beautiful in it, Cas." He said softly, Cas squealed happily and hid her blushing face in Dean's neck, her curls bouncing in her bunches. Cas pointed to a white shirt with a bee on it next and some tiny blue jeans. Dean figured they wouldn't need much so moved onto shoes. He found a teeny pair of light pink sneakers that could match both outfits. "Want anything else, angel?" Dean asked as he tried the juggle both the toddler and the clothes. Cas wiggled in Dean's arms, trying to get down.
"Lilo and Stitch!" Levi shouted excitedly. "Ohana." He murmured then looked around at
"There's none here, just the security puppet." Cas said eventually. Mark shrugged and moved towards the door. "You ok, Mark?"
"What kind of love?" Dean queried. Cas blushed and looked down at her hands, her long hair fell around her face.
"You went to hell?" John asked. Dean nodded.
"Why not?!" Cas exclaimed. Levi frowned from his place in the back seat, he was watching his parents confused, he was smarter than most his age, that came with being half angel but he didn't understand what his parents were arguing about.
"If you think I would ever submit to the likes of you, you are sorely mistaken." Castiel hissed. He ripped his arm from the old alpha's tight grasp and stomped to his brothers. The old alpha gave a low, 'threatening' growl and started to move towards the omega but the three alpha princes formed a barrier in front of their brother and let out a warning growl. The old alpha stepped back, wide eyed, and bowed before he hurried away.
"Not long, Daddy." Levi muttered. Dean nodded and gave the boy a soft smile.
"Have you seen the restaurant?" Charlie asked Cas after a bout of silence. Cas nodded slowly.
"That was the best sex I have ever had." Dean sighed contently. Cas blushed and nuzzled his face into Dean's neck. "We should clean up." Dean lamented. Cas smiled against the hunter's skin and clicked his fingers. "That works too." Dean chuckled when he realised that Cas had used his grace to clean up.
"Boy, 6 or 7." Cas muttered pointing to the first set of bones. "Boy, 5 or 6." He muttered to the second set. "Girl, 4 or 5." The third set. "Boy, 7 or 8." The fourth set. "Not Jimmy or Eli." He sighed, falling back onto his feet. He wrote his findings under the heights on the note-cards then sat back to look at them, he impulsively took a picture of the bones and note-cards, dropping his arms once he was satisfied.
"It is, and that's fine. I'm going to leave when we get Levi back." Dean eventually decided, his voice still wavering slightly but it was stable otherwise.
"Ok, if that's what you want." Dean nodded and turned back to the clearing, where members of the Kingdom were beginning to filter in. Dean laid a hand on Castiel's shoulder and knelt to speak to him. "My close pack make up the first row at Kingdom gatherings."
"There is."
"Everything... alright?" Gabriel asked, pointing at the closed door. Dean nodded and placed his beer in the fridge.
Castiel had a smile on his face from his lunch with Jessica when he returned to the ward but it dropped when he saw Sam stood outside Dean's room. Castiel took a deep breath and grabbed his clipboard from the nurse's station.
"You... But you... Alpha's and beta's don't bare their necks to omega's." Castiel argued vehemently.
"His death wasn't your fault." Cas said softly. Michael frowned and shook his head.
"Can you pass me my drink?" Cas asked quietly, pointing vaguely towards the coffee table that he couldn't quite reach. Dean chuckled and reached over, stretching slightly to grab it, and got Cas' hot chocolate. "Thank you." Cas turned his head slightly and kissed Dean's shoulder, the only part he could reach.
"We be happy?" Levi asked. Dean nodded.
"They weren't supposed to notice yet." Castiel murmured up to Dean.
"Fuck, it really was him." Dean grumbled. He stepped back and ran his hand over his face, his eyes automatically flicked out of the window then to Cas.
"He went to check on the stables." Gabriel said. Chuck growled at his youngest alpha, causing Castiel to step back slightly, the movement unnoticeable under his dress' skirt.
"Papa." Levi said then he pointed to his mouth when he knew he had his father's attention. With a fond smile, Cas turned to the fridge to pull out an egg and the milk.
"I guess this is where Chuck made the animatronics?" She said but she didn't sound sure. Phil shrugged and moved to lean against the wall by the stairs, his brows furrowed as he surveyed the room.
"Castiel?" Said a voice from the middle of the room. Castiel lifted his head from Gabriel's chest and gasped.
"Won't she turn on you if you're trying to control her for a while?" Sam asked concerned.
"Mommy! Can I have a drink?" Ben asked, running into the kitchen.
"Deanie, bee!" She said jumping up, trying to reach it herself. Dean lifted her onto his hip and let her grab the plushy. Dean kissed her forehead and held her tightly.
"Heaven is too great to be lessened by such beings." Added Samyaza, angel of pride.
"Castiel Winchester." Dean answered, "C-A-S-T-I-E-L." He spelled when he noticed her hands hesitate. She thanked him with an embarrassed flush on her cheeks. Dean curled a comforting arm around Cas' waist and pulled him against his side.
"What you doing there, sweetheart?" Dean asked lowly. Their bodies were close, Cas could feel the heat coming from Dean and the way Dean spoke sent tingles down Cas' back.
Castiel sighed as he leant against his bedroom balcony; he longed to adventure beyond the kingdom's boundaries, beyond the forest. The wind breezed past him, sending a chill up his body. He was wearing his evening clothes, but they were thin, made for comfort rather than warmth.
"What have you done, Cas?" Dean asked, he draped his body over Cas' body, every inch of his body touching the angel's.
"Assbutt?" Levi repeated.
you are addressing." He growled. Aether raised his eyebrows in shock.
"What?" He asked. His friend had always been pessimistic about their brothers, he'd always said that they were dead.
"I know you blame yourself, or have blamed yourself, for Elijah going missing but I have never and would never blame you for that." Chuck elaborated. A lump rose in Cas' throat and tears burnt his eyes. "I love you, angel, and nothing will change that." A stray tear fell down Cas' face and he gave his father a watery smile.
"Because I have a family now, what if I didn't come home? What if I get killed on a job and Levi has to grow up with one dad? What if you realise how stupid it is for you to continuously wait for me at home while I'm out getting hurt and leave me? What if I come back from a hunt and you've packed up Honey and taken Levi somewhere?" Dean asked, his voice low and insecure. Cas chuckled at the man and put his finger under Dean's chin so that their eyes would meet.
"As do you, father." Michael returned. Chuck nodded at his son and turned at the sound of the ballroom doors opening.
"You done?" Dean asked softly. Cas looked down at the pile of fabric in her arms and nodded absently, Dean smiled and placed a hand on the small of her back to lead her to the checkout. The spotty teenager behind the counter threw Cas a flirty smile.
"He didn't want to engage in sexual intercourse with me, is there something wrong with me? Is it because my vessel is usually male? Am I not good enough for him?" Cas said, panic rising in her voice and tears welling in her eyes. Sam looked at her with his puppy-dog eyes and wrapped his long arm around her shoulders.
"Daddy's working, bug, he's going to call later." Levi frowned but nodded.
"That's okay. I understand." Dean murmured, "What would you like to do instead?" Castiel shyly took Dean's hand and lead him back to the living room, pushing him gently onto the couch when they got there. Without a word, Castiel faced the book shelves, looking over the many titles before pulling one out at random. It took him a few minutes to figure out how to work the DVD player but he got it working. Dean watched with an amused smirk on his face, that turned into an affectionate smile when the Omega moved back to the couch and curled up next to him.
"I think we can do that, right Cas?" He asked softly. Cas nodded and ran his wet hand through Levi's curls.
"You're not sure?" Phil asked. Cas and Charlie stood with the others.
ruined Heaven for us and
"I not good for Papa." Levi said. "But I sorry, Daddy! I go Papa now! Please." Levi begged through his tears. Dean shook his head.
Tomorrow was a big day.
"Whatever, Ben needs you in his life, he needs a male role model to influence him." Lisa persisted.
"Levi, come here please." Dean said sternly. Cas stood up and put his hands on his hips. Dean crouched down to Levi's height and looked at the boy with hard eyes. Levi avoided his father's eyes by looking at the floor. Dean put his hands on Levi's cheeks gently so he could meet Levi's eyes again. "Do you want to go shopping with me and Papa or do you want to stay here with Uncle Gabe?"
"I don't think he really has any say in what we name our baby, Dean." Cas reassured. Dean nodded then leant back into the couch and pulled Cas against his side. "Was Zeppelin the only part of his name that you were struggling with?"
"That one's from me." Cas said as Dean picked up a present for himself. Dean glanced at the blushing angel then carefully opened the paper. He slid the dream catcher away from the paper and held it up to look at it. "I know you still have nightmares sometimes so I though that maybe this would help." Cas explained shyly, his voice low. Dean met the angel's eyes and gave him a reassuring smile.
"My music." Cas stated, pulling out of the park. Dean picked up Cas' phone to see what was playing for himself.
"You guys had your coffee yet?" Dan asked as he pulled the mugs out of the cupboard.
"Please." Cas whispered. Dean smiled at the younger boy and rested his hand on Cas' shoulder then turned to get into his car.
"Would you say that you both have an active sex life?" Dr Ottoway asked. When he saw the confused looks on the men's faces, he continued, "Do you engage in sexual acts regularly?"
"Night, Sammy." Sam nodded to them and took his mug to the kitchen before he padded upstairs to his room. Cas continued to watch Blue Planet while Dean lightly ran his fingers over Cas' stomach.
Michael watched the 4 friends working together in the kitchen; the way they moved around each other and slid their completed task to the next person. They each had their own part to do; Dan was making everyone coffee, Cas was in charge of cooking the eggs, Mark was making toast and Charlie was making cereal. He watched fascinated as Dan lined up each of their plates and mugs along the counter, calling out his friend's name's when theirs was done. Dean and Phil's were the first to be finished as they weren't busy in the kitchen, the older boys hopped up and grabbed theirs as soon as they were called but sat with them on their laps, waiting for the others. Once the other 4 was sat on the floor facing the couch, they all began eating.
"Dean?" A small voice called from behind them. Dean handed Levi back to Gabriel and waved at his son.
"You make him sad but he make you sad now?" Levi said. Dean frowned and shook his head.
"The lay out was different in the first Freddy's." Dean pulled up another blueprint on the other screen. "This room here isn't there in the new version." Dean zoomed in on a section of Freddy's on both blueprints, a room behind the security guards office. "I realised that we turned the cameras on. They were off before us and Golden Bonnie had been going in there before we even got here. He should have noticed that the cameras suddenly turned on."
"Go, get some rest."
"Anything, something." Cas whined. Dean chuckled softly and rolled his hips again.
"I'm Castiel Novak." He introduced. The pups shared a collective gasp of awe.
"I don't want to lose him. Winchester curse and all." Dean said quietly. "Whenever I let myself love something, it gets hurt or taken away from me, it has since you died, Mom. I've nearly lost Cas so many times and knowing that he was taken because we made Levi? I can't lose him again, Levi can't lose him. So it's safer for me to back off."
"Don't be ridiculous, Dean." Lisa said. Cas frowned from his place by the cart but let himself eavesdrop without interrupting.
"Yeah, I got that much." Dean chuckled and leant back to point at the screen.
"We should interview the partners." He replied. Dean tilted his head.
"That's why Mick apologised earlier." Castiel stated. Dean smiled and glanced up at Castiel.
"Levi, I told you not to run off naked." Cas scolded when Levi reached him. Dean laughed again and turned to his dad.
"Mick." Dean called out into the quiet of the library. Castiel looked around confused but Dean sat at one of the tables and relaxed back into his chair, his legs spread comfortably. "Come on, Cas, take a seat." Dean insisted softly. Castiel followed the subtle order and sat in the seat next to the Alpha.
"Sam, go find dad." Dean ordered. Castiel expected Sam to argue but the younger alpha stood and left the room.
"But it is! When I was a woman, Dean touched me, he wanted to be with me. Now he doesn't." Cas protested desperately.
"He's my baby, but I missed out on him being my baby. I missed his first steps, I missed his first word, I missed his first solid food, I missed his first smile, I missed the sleepless nights. I missed out on the stupid human things that mean the world to parents. Yeah, I was there when he was born but I didn't get that split second of terror when I didn't know if he would start to crying, I didn't get to be the doting boyfriend and go over board with caring for you and helping with Levi. I didn't get to argue with you in the early hours of the morning over who's turn it was to feed him or change him or sing him back to sleep. We missed him being our baby, Cas." Dean explained sadly, his eyes never leaving his son. "It's the stupid human things I've missed."
"You into psychopaths?" Dean questioned. Cas looked up at him with a cheeky smile.
"Tonight." Gabriel answered. Dean nodded then joined Cas on the couch.
"Let's do it." Cas agreed. Dean picked up his phone and called Sam on FaceTime.
"Dean, why don't you just... you know?" Sam asked tentatively. Dean shook his head and looked over at his brother after a glance towards his father figures. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat before answering shakily.
"I'm sorry, Dean, are you ok?" Cas asked hurriedly, reaching forward and checking the wounds. They weren't bleeding or deep anymore but they were still sore.
I wanted to include all of the presents they got and their reactions as well as I could so that may be the reason if it gets repetitive or boring
"I couldn't get my mind to stop racing so I figured I'd do something useful." Dan explained. They sat in silence, watching the monitors for a bit before Cas spoke up.
"Some... monsters tried to rape her but a guy stopped it, he saved her." Dean hissed. Cas, however, pulled away from Dean's chest with a big grin.
"The only way I can think of is, when it appears don't be afraid of it. It gets it power and strength from fear." Gabriel said.
"Dean fell into a coma because of head trauma from his crash, his body is repairing itself. He will wake up when his body decides that he is well enough. Considering I am just his nurse and not inside his head, I can't tell you when he'll wake up. Now if you'll excuse me, I have other patients who are waiting on me." Castiel retorted. Sam flinched at the nurse's sharp tone and watched in shock as he walked away without another word. Sam moved back to Dean's room and sat down silently, watching his brother's chest moving up and down with his breathing.
"He shouldn't be having dreams about you getting hurt if he misses you, he should be dreaming about us together, you and him, he's worried about you." Cas moved to the porch seat and sat down, his body facing the door.
"He didn't need to belittle me like that." Dan shook his head and shifted in his seat.
"We're going to find him, Cas. We're looking at ways to find him right now." Dean reminded him calmly. Cas, however, didn't find it calming, instead, he ran his hands though his hair before crossing his arms over his chest tightly.
"Dean." Phil muttered. Dean moved from Cas' side to the other boy, who was stood not too far from the rest of the group. "There's no light." He whispered.
"When we were kids, we didn't know that the cameras existed, we didn't care. Cameras are always put in places that has the best field of vision, high up. With cameras high up and arcade games in the way, there's no way we could have seen them when we were kids but now we could find them and see what happened that day." Phil watched Dean thoughtfully.
"I told you that these witches could only be killed by the powers of nature, Dean." Cas pointed out quietly. Sam returned with the beers and sat next to Cas.
about going on a hunt and leaving my family at home,
"Aether knows I'm here and he's calling for us to meet with him."
"Your son?" Lisa questioned incredulously. Dean nodded and glanced at Cas again. "Well, you moved on fast."
"I'll be ok, I'm meeting with Sam and John." Cas answered. Dean nodded.
Eventually the family fell asleep together.
"Yeah, I want to be on that side of the fence in the dark." Dan commented sarcastically. He climbed over the fence next, Mark and Phil helping him to stabilise himself. Cas sighed and looked around the dark car park, it felt still and lifeless despite there being 6 people there. He frowned as a shiver ran down his spine then quickly followed his friends. They followed Dean through the fire exit but again Cas stopped, though this time not because he was skeptical of their way of entry but because something had caught his eye. While it had been nearly a decade since he'd been here, he still remembered every aspect of the pizzeria and the small pathway in the bushes wasn't one of the things he remembered seeing. He eyed it curiously and moved to walk towards it.
"I don't know, you've been acting kind of weird today. Are we ok?" Dean continued.
"I live here." Cas answered. Lisa raised her eyebrows and her face twisted into a 'yeah, I'm sure' look.
"William Afton." Cas murmured in realisation. Michael hummed and relaxed further into the couch.
"Ah I see, you're jealous." Dean realised. Lisa's face scrunched up.
"C-c-cas." She stuttered. She tried to calm herself down but she was too scared, too...
"Deanie, why is he wearing a dress?" She asked pointing to her. The three men looked at her confused.
"You climbed? Out of your crib?" Dean asked, looking straight into the boy's eyes. Levi looked away from his father's intense gaze.
"Daddy's in the kitchen, bug." Cas whispered. Levi's head snapped to Cas and a wide grin spread across his face.
"Huh?" Phil answered softly, being as he was the only one that heard Cas.
bisexual." Sam said encouragingly. Dean sighed and looked up at his brother. "He loves you, Dean." Dean glanced in the direction of Cas' room and nodded his head.
"Sure, leave that blueprint on the top and let's go." Dean decided. Cas sighed a heavy sigh but did as he was told then followed Dean and Mark back out to the parking lot. Cas looked back towards the boarded pizzeria, almost disappointed that they hadn't found anything interesting.
Dean Winchester was known among royalty as the Demon, he had more blood on his hands that most soldiers in any army and was 'more savage than the savages combined' according to his father and Michael. He was said to be archaic and heartless, mean and cold, careless and quick to sacrifice others, someone to be hated, someone unfit for the throne, even the throne to rule over the savages. And the kingdoms had thought that John Winchester had been bad.
"Jerk."
"Listen to me, Cas. He's doing it because he thinks that you'll cave, ok? Don't give in, sweetheart." Dean murmured in Cas' ear. Cas nodded and leant into Dean hold. Dean lead Cas into the kitchen so he could make them lunch. Cas leant against the island, watching Dean collect the ingredients. Cas was so focused on Dean that he didn't hear the little pitter-patter of feet running towards him. Levi clung onto Cas' leg and cried softly into the fabric of his trousers. Cas looked at Dean helplessly. "Just put him back in the corner, Cas. No words." Cas swallowed and lifted Levi into his arms then walking over to the corner and placing the boy back down.
"It doesn't look fresh either." Charlie observed. Dean nodded in agreement and took the lead again, following the faint trails in the mud. It didn't take them long to break through the trees again and come across a small clearing.
"Yep." Cas looked up at Dean cautiously, trying to gauge the hunter's reaction.
"Here's Daddy." Cas cooed from the living room. Dean turned to his family and smiled at the sight, Cas had a sleepy Levi laying on his shoulder.
"Do you want to get him, baby?" Dean asked lowly, still kissing Cas' neck.
Castiel hesitated as he was lead back into the King's house and to the room with the table; he was inwardly embarrassed that it had taken him this long to realise that it was a meeting room. However, while the seats had been empty earlier, the room was full. The seat at the head of the table was empty, for Dean he presumed, and he only recognised John and Sam sitting in the seats either side of the head of the table but, the others, he didn't know. The room rose to their feet as Dean entered, waiting patiently for the Alpha to sit down.
What did this mean for them?
"Cas... I'm sorry. I thought he'd be ok." Sam said. Cas smiled sadly at the younger Winchester, Sam saw through it though and stood. He pulled the young angel into a tight hug. Cas let out a single heartbroken sob as he released the tears he'd been holding in. Levi looked at his father and tilted his head confused.
"Hi Daddy." Levi said quietly. Dean's face was hard and angry.
"Hello, Dean." Cas turned to briefly to look at Levi on the couch then looked back out into the garden. "Levi is having nightmares."
The stars were bright tonight, as was the moon and Cas could easily see thousands upon thousands of them. Seeing them up there, shining above him with no purpose, no worries, the most free things in creation, made him want to run. Not the way Gabriel wanted him to run, rather the way he wanted to run. He wanted to escape. It wasn't that he didn't like his life, his family, or like he wanted to leave forever, he just wanted more. He wanted more than just his books, more than the walls, more than Novak had to offer.
"Yeah, me too." Cas returned, his voice was slightly strained and he seemed to say it through gritted teeth but, again, Dean didn't notice. Dean pulled into the garage and jumped out before rushing into the house to meet Levi.
Gabriel replied.
"Why's that?" Dean asked, his eyes flicked over to Phil. Phil rolled his eyes at his friend, he knew what the older boy was thinking.
"Omega Prince, Isham is waiting to escort you to the castle gate." The omega servant from earlier said softly. Castiel nodded and pulled his cloak over his shoulders. "What am I to tell the Alpha King and Princes if they ask me of your absence?"
"Ok, I'll get you some sweats from my room then we can go." Dean said standing. They piled into the Impala after Cas slipped into the sweats Dean gave her.
"You want that?" Dean asked incredulously. The cafe was on the other side of Lebanon. Cas nodded and smiled then he leant over to Dean and pressed a sweet kiss to his lips. "Ok, I'll be back in a hour."
"Wait, I've got something." Cas exclaimed after 5 minutes. Everyone stopped and grabbed their flash lights, turning the light to Cas. He pulled at the object in his hands a few times before the dirt around it came loose and he could pull it out. He looked at it closely before throwing it down with a scream.
"They lead here?" Dan asked. Dean frowned and nodded, looking around the small area. Cas walked forward confused, shining his flashlight ahead of him. He shuffled forward, heading to the centre of the clearing when he tripped. Dean rushed forward to help Cas up then backed up with him. Everyone shone their lights where Cas fell and were surprised to find a slight lip in the soil. Cas frowned and followed the line until he came to a corner.
a good
"What do you mean there is?" Cas asked cautiously. He wasn't sure if he even wanted the answer.
"He's not here." Sam said. Dean glanced around the room and frowned.
"Hello?" Castiel asked cautiously. The figure stood and reached their hand out towards him.
"What were you thinking about?" Dan huffed humourlessly and looked at Cas, leaning his head against his hand.
"I'm tired, Dean." Cas stated, her tone surprised and scared. Dean chuckled and placed his hand on her waist, he pulled her to half lay on his chest then gently pressed their lips together. Their lips moved together in a loving and passionate kiss, Dean gripped onto her waist tightly to hold her against his body. Cas hummed happily and curled her hand around Dean's neck. Before long, the low buzz intensified and their kiss slowed.
"No, he fell into a coma because of the head trauma but we suspect, when he's ready, he'll wake up with minimal repercussions." Missouri explained calmly. Castiel nodded but his face fell into a frown.
"Oh my god, I'm fucking dumb." Dean exclaimed, slapping a palm on his head. Cas stepped back and watched the boy mutter to himself. Dean rushed out of the room and raced to the computers downstairs. He pushed through his friends and started to tap on the keyboard.
"I want another boy." Cas confessed. Dean smiled softly at the other man and gently stroked his thumb over Cas' cheek. A nurse bustled into the room holding two blood vials, two needles, a tourniquet and a piece of paper.
"It was no trouble." Gadreel assured him. The servant nodded and gestured for Castiel to follow him.
"Anyway, 5 men missing over the last month, all last seen at some strip club leaving with 3 women and 2 men. Each one went home after leaving with the stripper and killed their significant other, in a variety of colourful ways." Sam explained. Dean leant forward on his folded hands.
Dean woke up to Sam shaking him. He groaned then pulled Cas closer to his body in a protective gesture. Only to be confused upon feeling a small body, and not the new, smaller, feminine body of Cas but the small body of a toddler. Dean pulled his eyes open and frowned. He was holding a black haired 4 year old in his arms.
"What's the verdict?" Gabriel asked, his tone worried. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas waist and looked to him for the answer.
"Papa, no! I sorry already. Please. Daddy! Please Daddy. Papa!" Levi wailed when he realised that Cas wasn't comforting him.
"We were just looking at the storm." Phil answered reassuringly. Cas looked between them suspiciously but didn't question them further, he knew that he could just ask Dean when they were alone.
said so? Dad's not here. I don't care if you're gay or bi or whatever, I just want you to be happy. Hell,
"Don't worry, gorgeous, more of that when you get home and Levi goes to bed." Dean promised. He rubbed his thumb over his own lip and stepped back. Cas got into his car and shut the door. Dean saw Cas take a steadying breath and chuckled to himself. He winked when the angel looked back to wave at him.
"This is...er Michael Afton, he's here about Freddy's." Phil introduced. That caught everyone's attention.
"If you don't mind." Dean smiled and shook his head. He stood and headed to the kitchen to make their drinks. While Dean was in the kitchen, Levi stirred and lifted his head sleepily.
"He kept trying to go into the bunker or into the garage. The bunker has all types of hoodoo and weapons, the garage has all my tools for Baby." Dean said. Levi looked around sadly, not meeting his father's eyes.
"Sure, buddy, you can go with Papa to look at his bees. I need to go and get something for Uncle Sammy." Dean said. Levi glanced around the room then looked back to his father.
"Not really, he tries not to leave too often, or for too long." Maria nodded then pulled out some paperwork.
"Hi, how can I help you?" He asked. Sam and Dean reached into their pockets and pulled out their fake IDs.
"Kismas, Daddy?" The boy asked.
"Yes, we can have Christmas." Cas relented. Dean gave his a bright grin and his heart clenched. Levi started to babble to himself happily as everyone began to talk about their upcoming Christmas.
"Don't worry, bug, I'm gonna find Papa and we're going to be happy. I promise." Dean whispered to his son. Sam watched on with fond eyes and a sad smile. Levi frowned and clung onto his dad's neck.
Dean held Cas close as they both laid on one of the bed's in the motel room. Dean whispered to Cas, still trying to calm her down. Both were feeling an odd buzzing throughout their bodies and it was making them tired, which made the almost human panic.
"Hey, baby, can I borrow your phone really quick?" Dean asked as he settled next to Cas on the couch. Cas handed the phone over, confusion written on his face. Dean played a random song on the phone then pressed the speaker against Cas' belly.
"You aren't even part of any of the ranks in Heaven, even as a fledgling you didn't fit in. By sacrificing yourself now, you're not only taking the burden off your precious Winchester's, you're purifying Heaven too." Zaqiel chipped in. Cas' shirt was becoming wet with the tears falling from her chin. A gust of wind flowed through the building causing Cas to shiver violently, making her realise that she was only wearing Dean's shirt.
"Forgot, bug." Cas chuckled. Levi nodded then turned his attention to the present.
"No, no, not like Daddy. Only for a few days a week." Cas answered quickly. Levi nodded and laid his head on his father's shoulder.
"Balthazar, what is wrong with you?! Why, in Fenrir's name, would you go to the stables while wearing your Spirits Day suit? You stupid pup." Chuck scolded the alpha lowly. He was mad at his son but he didn't want to disrespect the boy's alpha status in front of their servants. Michael reached towards Castiel discreetly, taking the omega's hand in his to comfort his baby brother as the alpha knew that any conflict, even if not directed at him, make Castiel uncomfortable and nervous.
"What's yer name, sweetheart?" He asked gently, keeping his voice low and soft.
"You feel so tight around my fingers. You're gonna feel so good around my cock." Dean purred into Cas' ear.
"No, no Levi, it wasn't a monster." Dean laughed. Levi leant back to look at his dad, his head tilted in confusion.
"We read this bedtime?" Levi asked.
"But why?!" Levi startled at Cas' raised tone.
"Thanks, baby." Dean said.
"Oh yeah?" Dean purred, moving up to suck gently on Cas' ear. "You sure, baby? Kim and the other one are about to fight and I know you love that." Dean leant back slightly with a smirk on his face.
"I don't know, it looks like that would be where he constructed the animatronics but he did it in his workshop." Cas thought out loud.
"How are you and Cas?" John questioned. Dean smirked at his father, he knew the other man often liked to draw the conversation away from his own problems. Dean was like father in that way.
"Thank you, Cas, I love it." Dean said softly. Another, deeper, blush made it's way onto Cas' cheeks. Dean gently patted Cas' knee, then laid the dream catcher carefully on the recipe book. "From Bobby." Dean said after clearing his throat. He opened the present and laughed at the expensive whiskey. "Thanks." Dean smiled.
"Ok, put your feet up on the stirrups and roll your gown up to your hips." Dr Ottoway instructed as he set the machine up. Cas did as he was told and frowned slightly when Dr Ottoway laid a sheet over his legs. "So, because you are so early in your pregnancy, I'm going to use this probe to get a better view. Later scans will use the external one." Dean watched the doctor lube the probe and flinched in disgust when he realised what was going to happen. "You ready?" The doctor asked, positioning the probe between Cas' legs.
"I don't know but he's made it 6 years without me and the first thing he does it shove my kid off a climbing frame, saying mean shit about you, saying that I ain't Levi's dad? I don't know that I want him to be mine." Dean said eventually.
"I'm going to visit Gadreel." Gabriel frowned and pulled Castiel to a stop.
"Daddy!" Levi exclaimed from the living room. A massive grin spread across Dean's face and he swooped in to pick the little boy into his arms.
"I'm going to find a job, hopefully somewhere I can watch you while I work." Cas explained; half to Levi, half to himself.
"While I understand your reservations towards Cas, I'm reaching the end of my tether with you. What was it that you always told me? If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything. So shut your trap." John gazed up at his oldest son with wide eyes, he often forgot that he was no longer the Head Alpha, he hadn't been the Alpha for centuries. Not since before the War of Kingdoms.
"Sammy, did you see where Jimmy went?" Dean asked. His brother was comfortable with his friends but he was more likely to answer his big brother. Meanwhile, Dan was panicking.
A shiver wracked through Castiel's body, despite his thick fur, as they crossed over the threshold of the castle. He was lead to a large room by the front door that held a large, dark wood table surrounded by hand-carved wooden chairs. The two alphas shifted into their human forms uncaring of their state of undress; the dark brown wolf turned into a tall, well-built man with hair and eyes that matched his wolf (as such was common in shifters) and the light brown wolf turned into slightly shorter man with defined muscles, again with matching hair and eyes.
"Strip club getting to you again?" Dean asked with a cheeky grin on his face. Cas smiled shyly and looked down at his feet. Sam flipped through the photos and looked around the crowded room, committing each face to memory.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Come on, let's leave him to sleep." Cas suggested. He stood up and guided Dean out of the room, shutting the door softly behind them. Cas flopped down onto the sofa when he got downstairs while Dean got himself a beer.
"She's showering." Dean replied. He glanced at Sam then sat on the sofa. Sam continued making their dinner with a worried glance to Gabriel.
"Yes, Dean, Dean's a good man." Cas returned in a fond tone. Amber smirked knowingly. She hooked the bra for Cas then continued to speak.
"Eat people?" Charlie asked. Michael laughed humourlessly and rubbed the back of his head.
"You'll go with me?!" Cas asked, shocked. Gabriel simply nodded and relaxed into the sofa. "Thank you. I'm going to go to bed."
"Oh fuck, Jesus fucking Christ, oh yes, Dean." Cas whimpered brokenly as Dean fell into another fast and hard rhythm. Hearing Cas use the Lord's name in vain caused Dean to bite back a loud moan. Cas gasped and whined, feeling the heat in his low in his stomach coiling tighter. "Dean, Dean, Dean, oh yeah Dean." Cas chanted, like Dean's name was the only prayer he knew. Cas' body jerked forward every time Dean's hips met Cas' ass, forcing sharp breaths out of him between his moans. Dean's gaze trailed over Cas, his skin was flush and rosy and he thrust harder when he realised that the angel was pushing back against him to meet each thrust. He looked down to where his dick was disappearing into Cas and admired the way the angel's ass jiggled each time their bodies met.
"Sorry, my cousin is calling." Cas apologised, moving away from the table. He answered the phone and walked outside. "Hey Gabe, what's up?"
"I feel like we're going to find Jimmy and Eli." Cas reiterated. "I'm not saying that I suddenly think they're alive and well but I think we're going to find them and I feel hope, hope that they are alive. I haven't had hope that they're alive since the first month after they'd been taken." Dan's eyes were wide with shock.
Mark hadn't changed as much as Dan and Phil, rather his childish features had just become more manly and his short hair had become floppy and longer, he'd dyed the tips on his fringe a vibrant red. His once scrawny frame had now built up muscle and form.
"Daddy." Dean turned around with a fond smile on his face at the sound of his son's sleepy voice. Levi lazily flopped towards Dean, still being held in Cas' arms as the angel approached him. Cas huffed as Levi moved, he shifted to keep Levi from falling as he reached out for his father.
"Papa! He an angel, he have wings and he really pretty, right daddy?" Levi rambled happily after Dean had nodded for him to continue. Dean smiled fondly and nodded.
"It was easy. I got the shifter to look like you, Dean. I mean he loves you so much that he happily followed, must have been painful to have someone you love so much hurt you the way I got my shifter to hurt your angel. Of course, he's an angel, he knew it was a shifter but it's still gotta hurt." Not-Cas said with an evil grin. Dean's face dropped in dread.
"You know that cafe that had the really good BLT and chocolate milkshakes?" Cas asked sweetly.
"Because if I let myself hope for, 10 years, that they were alive, then it turned out that they were dead? I'd rather die than deal with that pain. At least this way, I'm protecting myself." Cas retorted softly, tears falling down his cheeks too. Dean placed his hand on Cas' shoulder and squeezed gently.
"He said he saw a kid running from the showstage to the security guards office to Pirates' Cove. He said it was a ghost kid." Phil sighed. "I know you said we have to believe everything we say but ghosts?!"
" Dean said softly after the silence.
"Let's go get you dressed then." Cas stood up and pulled the small boy into his arms. "What do you want to wear today?" He asked as he entered Levi's bedroom.
"So what did it say about the springlock accident?" Dan asked when she didn't elaborate further. Charlie raised her finger, telling them to wait while she pulled her phone out.
"Dean?" Cas said softly to catch the hunter's attention. Once the other had acknowledged him with a gentle hum, Cas continued, "Would you mind getting Gabriel for me? I wish to get rid of these marks as fast as possible." Dean nodded and rested his hand on Cas' arm, he pretended not to notice the slight flinch from the angel.
"I think I've had enough of hearing what you have to say for now, thank you." Dean dismissed with a simple raised hand. John growled at his son but Dean bared his fangs. "Why was this meeting called?"
"Come, let's go to our castle." The alpha suggested. Castiel whined, he wanted to trust the alpha but he didn't know what kingdom the alpha came from and so didn't know what would happen if he followed the alphas.
"By us, you mean you and Sam?" Cas said, looking out of the window at the passing trees.
"I don't understand why though, you've been hunting all your life and you always come back to it. Why do you suddenly want to stay at home?" Cas asked. Dean looked back at Levi before letting his eyes rest on their joined hands.
"We know, Cas." Phil attempted, he was trying to be supportive and comforting.
Dean and Phil decided that after the show had finished they would all go outside to play since Mark and Charlie had arrived while the show was on and that they now had enough people to play their game.
"What's up, Levi?" Dean asked softly, holding Cas against him still.
"Better?" Cas asked softly, leaning up to rub their cheeks together. Dean pulled Cas' earlobe between his teeth, grinning when Cas whined and leant into the hunter.
"You really think that you can use my powers against me, you fool?!" Aether cackled. Gabriel stepped forward menacingly and Dean stopped in shock, he knew that Gabriel could be scary as it kind of came with the job description but seeing him confront the witch was a whole other level. The archangel was reinstating the intimidation that derived from being God's most terrifying weapon.
"Da'yl!" She shouted happily. Dean's face soften to an affectionate smile while Gabriel's face turned to one of such anger that it could challenge God's wrath.
Hours later, after they had their dinner, Cas couldn't find Levi or Dean anywhere. He had looked through the house, he'd looked in the bunker, he's looked in the garden and the garage.
"One of the highest ranks in Heaven's armies, below only Archangels." Sam answered for Cas, who nodded in confirmation.
"Let's dig it up, there could be money or something." Mark suggested excitedly. The others laughed at him quietly. They all got down on their knees, dropped their torches and began digging with their hands.
"Love." Cas said. Both Winchester's turned to Cas confused.
"How did you get Levi to look so much like you and Dean?" She reiterated. Cas huffed a small laugh and leant over to look at what she'd flicked to. Dean was sat facing the camera with Levi on his lap, they were both looking above the camera at Cas with matching smiles on their faces.
"Really?" Cas nodded. "So you're always... ready to go, huh?" Dean smirked seductively, letting his hands massage the angel's ass gently.
"You look beautiful, Omega Prince Castiel." One beta said with a smile as he passed. Castiel nodded politely with a nervous smile. A few stupid alphas tried to whistle and call to him, posturing in an attempted to entice the omega, but Castiel held his head high and ignored them, fighting off any attempts to touch him with threatening growls.
"A world that is much more dangerous than you seem to think, Castiel. You know the views of omegas, even within our kingdom's limits is less than desired, imagine the views of the savages, even other royals with whom we are allied." Chuck interjected firmly. Castiel rolled his eyes having heard the speech before. He had read hundreds of books on the surrounding kingdoms, books from all over the country and, yes, most of them were ruled by knothead alphas who thought of omegas as breeders but they were the kingdoms that equalled Novak in size. The smaller kingdoms such as Winchester and Campbell, the so called savages, had little to no documentation that wasn't biased.
"Of course." He said, his tone teetering on irritated.
Cas opened his eyes slowly with a groan. He was hit with an awful sense of deja vu upon opening his eyes to a dark room, he instinctively checked his grace to check on Levi but, of course, felt nothing. With a sigh of relief, he further evaluated his surroundings. He was once again tied to a wooden chair in a decrepit house. He sighed sadly and bowed his head with the intention of calling Gabriel but found that he couldn't make a connection.
"There's a whole world I don't know about beyond the wall." Castiel replied.
"Levi Tate Winchester, if you don't get your ass up here right now, there will be no story." Cas yelled down the stairs. Dean laughed at his angel and pressed a kiss to Levi's forehead before placing him on the floor.
"Nothing to worry about. When was the last time you two had sex?" Dr Ottoway asked as he retracted the probe. Dean frowned and looked down at Cas, who had the same look of confusion on his face.
"If we aren't stern now then he'll never learn. So long as we're only stern when he's being naughty then it'll be fine." Dean answered. Cas nodded.
"Well, Levi was born through my grace, whereas this baby is growing in a womb. So this baby will take the usual 9 months and will come out via a birth canal that will form during labour." Castiel explained simply.
"Yes, bug?" Cas asked.
"I am a part of my son's life." Dean responded, pulling his half empty beer out. Lisa shook her head and crossed her arms while Ben shuffled into the living room where Levi had left his Lilo doll.
"We can do it while Dean and Phil go to Freddy's." Cas answered. They waited patiently for Golden Bonnie to leave before Dean and Phil got ready to go to Freddy's.
"Hey, boys. Dan, Phil and James are here. They're at your table with Sammy and Eli." He said softly, so as to not disturb the peaceful atmosphere in the room. The boys rushed out the room into the main showroom. They greeted their friends with hugs then they all headed to Pirate Cove with their little brother's. They danced with Foxy for a bit before the older boys decided they should go and find Golden Freddy and Golden Bonnie. Dean and Phil were older than Cas and Dan by two years so they and their brothers-Elijah, James and Sam who were 2, 3 and 4 respectively- tended to follow them happily and let them make the major decisions, such as where they were going play and what they would do next once everyone had gotten bored. Cas, Dean and Dan took their brother's hands as they walked around the pizzeria to find the golden animatronics.
"Cas? Oh my god." Sam exclaimed, pulling the angel into a tight hug. "I was so worried." Cas gave the younger Winchester a small, watery smile and leant into Dean with sad eyes. "Let's get you home." Cas nodded weakly and let the brother's help him to the car. Dean tried to get Cas to tell him what happened but the angel refused to talk, instead answering with distraught sobs. Sam laid a comforting hand on Cas' shoulder for the drive, recognising that Cas wasn't talking for a reason.
"Bee!" Levi exclaimed. Dean huffed a laugh and shook his head. Even Cas let out a sad smile.
"Oh no, that would be fine. The kid's section is in full view of the reception desk." Maria answered with a smile. "What does your wife do?"
"That's Chica the Chicken." Castiel reminded him. Elijah tested it out but he couldn't quite wrap his tongue around it so he soon gave up and occupied himself with the little mechanical dinosaur his father had made him.
Everyone was relaxing in the living room, watching a movie, as Charlie was tidying the kitchen island. She paused on the animatronic blueprints, reading through them carefully. Her eyes were drawn to one from FredBear's diner.
"Yeah, it has. There was a series of... incidents." Chuck explained vaguely. Cas frowned and shook his head angrily.
"There was a draught of wind just before I noticed he was gone." Sam recalled. Dean nodded and crossed his arms over his chest.
"Hold Daddy or Papa, no run off." Levi recited.
"And?" Dean asked. Cas straightened up and faced Dean.
"I'd like that. Gabriel, you'll come too?" Castiel asked. Gabriel hadn't said anything but that was to be expected. His older brother nodded groggily and sipped on his coffee.
"But he..." Jack started.
"Have you made your decision?" Dr Ottoway asked as he burst through the door.
With a rush of adrenaline, he pulled his phone out of his bag; not realising that it was him that had given Dean his number not the other way around. His face fell when he remembered this fact. But his disappointment didn't last long as his phone buzzed in his hand.
"Come on, we should go find Sam." Dean said as he lead her to the library.
"What do you mean?" Gabriel sighed and looked hesitant to answer but Cas looked so confused and hurt that he found he had to answer. "Because of what happened when he was forming and the first few months of his life, he didn't form his wings."
"Why Levi not go?" Asked the confused boy.
"He shouldn't have to go any longer without you!"
"What do you remember?" Dean pushed. Cas smiled and looked down shyly.
"Jeffrey Dahmer." Cas replied easily. Dean nodded approvingly.
He stood abruptly and wandered to the window, staring out into the night. His eyes darted over the treeline as though his brain was looking for something.
Once Castiel stopped noticing the architectural structure of the kingdom, he saw that passers-by were bowing; everyone they passed bowed to their Head Alpha, everyone despite of secondary gender. The Head Alpha had his head raised and his chest puffed out as he walked down the cobbled roads.
"Right. Thank you. You say thank you. And you say you're sorry. You hope they're somewhere without, uh, sadness or pain. You hope they're somewhere better. You say goodbye." Sam explained. Sam didn't take his eyes off the way Dean prepared for the funeral; empty, mechanical, a shell of a man he once was. Dean threw his lighter into the logs and stepped back in line with his brother.
"Dean." Sam called as his older brother turned to walk away. "How are you and Cas?" Dean pulled out the chair next to Sam then sat.
"Ok, that's fine, I'll take him, you stay with Dean." Gabriel reasoned. He scooped the sleeping boy into his arms and carefully walked into Levi's room. Sam laid Dean on the bed and stepped back.
"Lions." He decided. Cas lead the boy to the couch and waited for Dean to put the DVD into the player. When Dean flopped back into the couch, Cas immediately curled into Dean's side, lifting his leg to hook it over Dean's thigh. Levi curled up against his father on the opposite side to his Papa, laying his head on Dean's bare chest. Dean wrapped his arms around his family, holding them close. Cas laid his hand on Dean's chest, tracing imaginary pictures and patterns.
"Good boy." Dean praised once Levi had his jacket on. Levi grinned at his dad then ran off towards the equipment. Dean laughed at the boy and quickly followed, leaving Cas to lock the car. "What do you want to go on first, buggy?" Dean asked once he'd reached the boy where he was standing looking at the equipment in awe.
"How are you holding up?" He asked as he sat on the edge of her bed. Cas hesitated for a moment then put the shirt away before tentatively sitting next to the older Winchester.
He asked. Cas glanced around quickly and pulled out a seat, sitting Levi on his lap.
"Let's go."
"Apologies, father." Balthazar murmured sincerely, his head bowed respectfully. His brothers followed suit and bowed their heads too, Castiel's tilted to bare his neck slightly.
"I have an interview." Cas said. Dean made a sound of confusion.
"Dean? How are you feeling?" Gabriel asked cautiously. Dean looked up at his with bright eyes and Cas also turned her large wide eyes to her older brother.
"Sorry, daddy." The boy muttered. His big blue-green eyes gazing up at his father. Dean gave his son a soft smile and kissed Levi's cheek.
"Let's get out of here." Dean said. Sam nodded and slung the siren over his shoulder then lead the way out. Dean nodded to the couple and followed Sam. They found an old field that was isolated from people, an old field that they could burn the body without people coming to see what was happening. It wasn't long before they were back in the motel, packing their stuff up. "Sooner we get packed up, the sooner we get back home." Dean said as he carried his duffle bag out the Impala.
"Dean, why do we have to do that now?" He asked.
"Hi, Cassie." Jess replied cheerfully. Castiel smiled and indulged her half hug before turning to the patient. "This is Dean Winchester, he was in a car crash; he suffered various lacerations, some muscle deep but none that will affect his life overall, he suffered an open, compound fracture to his right tibia but that has been reset as you can see. He suffered a major head injury and fell into a coma after the leg was reset, swelling is expected to go down. No life threatening injuries were sustained." She recited dutifully . Castiel looked over Dean and assessed the injuries. "We couldn't clean him in the ER so that job falls on you but you're his main nurse now so you'll get used to it."
"4 bodies turn up in Georgia, 4 different causes of death; one spontaneously combusted, one drowned, one was exposed to an overdose of pure oxygen and the last got crushed by a massive boulder. However, they all fucked over the same girl, one Alyssa Rea." Sam said, clicking at the different articles on the screen.
"It was definitely Golden Bonnie, Dad, and he didn't look right." Cas insisted.
"Better than nothing at all." Dean reasoned. John hummed in agreement.
"Yeah, why wouldn't we be ok?" Cas replied hesitantly after a deep breath. Dean smiled.
"You guys are such dads." Charlie commented offhandedly. Dan, Cas and Mark chuckled behind their hands as the older boys smiled at them fondly.
"Hey, Levi, calm down, buddy, so you can tell us what happened." Dean said, his voice calmer than Cas'. Levi continued to cry for a moment then slowly calmed, eventually pulled away to look into his father's eyes.
"Papa?" A little voice called from down the hall. They heard his little footsteps on the wood floor coming towards them.
"You said you had to 'get everyone up', who is 'everyone'?" Michael questioned, his eyes on Dean.
"Kindness is something everyone should practice." Castiel said. "You should protect the others in your pack, not bully them." He carefully lifted the pups off the smaller one and sent them next to him.
"Levi why didn't you listen to daddy?" Cas asked. Levi shrugged sadly and messed with his food for a moment.
I rushed through this slightly to get it out so I'll go through it tomorrow to edit (21:31 GMT 17/02/19)
Dean picked the soft bear up off the chair and held in his hands. It was fairly large considering it was made for a child that was smaller than average. Dean chuckled to himself and placed it down carefully. He wandered into the kitchen and looked at the papers on the table. They were blueprints. "Facial recognition?" Dean read. He looked at the blueprints, they looked like the original animatronics but more plastic. "Toy Chica is curvy, damn." He muttered to himself with a huff of laughter. "Thought Bonnie was a dude." He said as he looked over them. He laid the papers back on the table then moved to the back window. He looked out into the dark, eyeing the trees.
. After Adler attacked Omega Castiel, he tucked tail and ran to Novak and told King Chuck that we kidnapped Omega. According to our messengers, the Royal armies are banding together. And, due to the Royals' continued ignorance of our Kingdom, we have an advantage. They think we're allying with other savages, allying with nomads." Castiel frowned, listening carefully. More murmurs weaved through the crowd. "But they don't know. We aren't allying with other savages. We aren't allying with nomads. We
"What about all this?" Phil asked, he tapped his hand on the kitchen island so Dean would know what he was talking about.
"I can do that without a problem. The issue is finding him because he might not be a
"But what made them disappear in the first place." Dean asked.
"I have a case and I figured that I'd work out what it is before we went there so that we wouldn't have another incident with Cas." Sam explained. Dean laughed humourlessly.
"Dean!" Cas exclaimed. She jumped over and threw her arms around him, relieved that he was ok.
"I'm hungry." Cas mumbled. Dean smiled back and leant over to press a kiss to Cas' lips.
"Good morning, Dean." Cas said softly. Dean turned with a smile and gave him a gentle kiss.
"Cas, can you find us a table where we can see everything?" Sam asked. With no acknowledgement from the angel, Cas walked into the crowd to look for a table. Dean shook his head with a fond smile.
"It's always good to have time alone as a family." John started, "I remember when you were born, my mom was constantly at the house. She was just trying to help and we appreciated it to begin with but it got too much. It started to affect our relationship, badly. Not that Sammy is interfering as my mom was but it'll be good for you and Cas. I know it."
"It's a promise ring, he gave it to me at Christmas." Cas corrected softly.
"Really. Ain't a problem. Ne'er would wish that on no-one." Daryl said simply then turned and walked to a motorbike. Dean chuckled at the irony in Daryl's leather jacket sporting angel wings then held Cas close.
"Did you find anything? Or were you too distracted?" Sam asked with a smirk. Dean scowled at his brother.
"Would you rather I bare my neck? Kneel down? Humour them with a 'yes, alpha, of course, alpha'?" Castiel asked in disbelief. Michael gave a deep sigh and shook his head.
pray that the police believe us when we take him in." Phil groaned. Dean turned back to Phil and knocked his fist against' Phil's shoulder.
"Thanks, dad." Dean murmured with a small smile. Little, wet footsteps came slapping down the stairs followed by Cas shouting after him.
"You said Cas is special?" Sam inquired. Cas bowed her head modestly as Gabriel explained.
"Where do you think you need to be, Omega? You're miles from any of your precious kingdoms. Do you think you can get there before I get you?" The alpha asked lowly. Castiel shuffled away from the wolf.
"Dean!" Called an excited voice as they pushed through the door that lead to the school's training field. "Oh, apologies, Alpha." The blonde omega corrected once she saw Castiel. Castiel released Dean's arm and stepped around the wolves, his eyes focused on the small pups running around the field happily, all yipping and barking to one another. "Dean? Who is he?" The omega whispered when Castiel was a few steps away.
"Alpha? What don't they know?" Castiel asked.
"Time to wake up, Cas." Dean murmured in Cas' ear. Cas grumbled and backed into Dean's chest, curling one arm around Levi's small body. "Wake up, baby, it's Christmas." Cas hummed, his eyes still closed, and turned his head towards Dean. The hunter smirked at the man and leant down to briefly press their lips together.
"Hi, I'm Amber. How can I help you today?" She asked with a grin. Dean dropped his arm with a smile and patted Cas on her shoulder gently.
Dean helped Cas climb onto the bed then stood at his side, his hand tangling itself in Cas' hair. The doctor sat down on a stool and wheeled himself closer to the bed.
"Cas, you have nothing to apologise for. If you don't want to carry that man's baby then that is up to you, it's your body." Dean said. Cas hummed and wrapped his arms around Dean then shifted so that he was straddling the hunter's lap to be closer to him.
"So you want me to leave Levi, who I know is my son because I was there when he was conceived, when he was born and because he looks like me, for Ben, who I don't actually know if my son." Dean questioned. Lisa grinned as though he had agreed.
Along the back wall was various metal body parts and mechanics on a metal table, again Chuck's tools were hung up on the wall directly in front of the stairs and there was a stand that resembled the back half of a cryo-chamber and had clamps along the exposed edges of the 'body' so that any 'body' placed in it would stay propped against the stand. However, the stand was designed for something much bigger than any human Charlie had ever seen. What Charlie, and probably the boys, found the most bizarre, or even disturbing, was the surgical table in the centre of the room. The bright lights where spotlighting the table but were bright enough to light up every corner of the room.
"Hello Dean." Cas turned to face the hunter with a smile. She rolled a shirt over in her hands shyly.
"I hope nothing's wrong." Cas murmured.
"You didn't tell me." Dean stated simply.
Today, he wanted to go to FredBear's. Maybe he'd remember something there.
"There's someone, or something else, here. I can feel them." Phil replied, he was whispering too as he didn't want whatever else was there to hear him.
"Yeah, I like your hair this long, it looks good." Sam added, Dean nodded in agreement.
"I don't care, Dean! Levi is missing! That's all that matters." Dean shook his head and looked around the room so he wouldn't be able to see the tears pooling in Cas' eyes again.
"Morning." He whispered into Cas' hair. Cas smiled softly and looked up at him. "Have you even put it down yet?" He asked. Cas laughed gently and closed the book to turn to him.
"I don't wish for him to live through that war, Jess. No one should have had to live through that war." Dean shuddered at the memories running through his head. Jessica laid a hand on Dean's arm, knowing that his mind was racing.
He wasn't sure how long it had been before he felt a cold nose press against his side, he turned and met the dark brown alpha's eyes. The alpha huffed as he gestured forward.
“Choose one to bring downstairs, buggy.” Cas said as he set Levi on the floor. Levi whined then toddled over to he bed so that he could choose one of his toys. He pulled Stitch into his little arms then raced out of the room and down the stairs where Dean was waiting.
"We must use the powers of nature against them. But the strength of two humans and a seraph isn't enough." Cas concluded.
"My son?" He questioned suspiciously. Lisa nodded.
"My boy." Dean muttered with a smile.
"I Levi." The boy exclaimed happily, grinning at the man.
"Everything is going to be fine." Cas murmured once they were parked. Dean had laid his head on the wheel and taken a deep breath. They piled out of the car, Levi safe in Cas' arms, and headed into the hospital.
"Hiya Levi, what are you doing down here?" Dean asked. Levi just giggled and laid his head on his father's shoulder. John chuckled, watching the two interact. "You're supposed to be upstairs with Papa."
"Papa." Levi mumbled, leaning towards Cas with his arms outstretched. Cas smiled fondly at his son and took him into his arms.
"Just talk to your brother." He said before moving on to his patients. "Hello Mr Humpfrey, how are you feeling?"
"Grubs up." Dean announced as he put the four full plates on the dining table. Sam stood with his laptop and Cas with her book. "Nope, laptop and book away. We're having a family dinner." Dean said, Gabriel turned the corner with a laugh. Sam and Cas put their forms on entertainment on the couch then sat at the table as Dean placed bottles of coke next to their plates. They ate together happily, talking and joking together. Afterwards Gabriel used his angel powers to clean everything up and Sam and Cas returned to their places on the couch. Dean flopped down in the middle of them and sighed loudly.
"I don't know. Cassie, show me them teeth." Gabriel grinned at the younger angel as she bared her little teeth with a giggle. "Do you think you can eat food like Dean?"
"I'll get us some beers." Sam said knocking on the table twice then he wandered to the bar.
"Oh my god, if this is the promise ring, I can't imagine what the engagement ring will be like. It'll be amazing." Maria grinned. "Do you have a picture of your man?" She asked leaning back in her chair, away from the computer. Cas nodded and pulled his phone out of his pocket to find a picture of Dean. He scrolled through his many photos until he came to one of Dean smiling brightly at Sam as the two brother's spoke. "Which one is yours?" She asked.
"Ok, will you call us?" He asked. Dean pecked Cas on the lips with a smile.
Dean reasoned gently. Cas leant against the door frame and crossed his arms over his chest.
"Chuck doesn't work on impulse, he wouldn't start a war because he doesn't trust us." Dean shook his head.
"You got it, love you." John called back.
"Dean Winchester." Cas called from upstairs. Dean and John chuckled as they pulled away.
"You need to be a part of your son's life." Said Lisa, one hand on her hip and the other hand was gripping Ben's hand. Dean opened his mouth to speak but Lisa pushed past him and into the house. Dean huffed angrily and forcefully closed the door. Lisa looked around the room judgmentally, raising her eyebrow at Cas, who was still sat on the kitchen island. "Why are you here?" She asked him. Cas frowned and looked behind her to make eye contact with Dean, who shrugged.
"Cas? Sweetheart, are you alright?"
"Did he? I think we'll be happy now too."
"Like I don't know that." He retorted. Dean raised an eyebrow at the omega and tapped his fingers on the map.
Levi's tinny voice came through the baby monitor. Cas groaned unhappily and curled further back into Dean's arms. Dean pressed his lips to Cas' neck in an attempt to wake Cas up slowly.
"I can do anything I want?" He questioned seductively, he too kept his voice low but he cared significantly less about keeping his brother from a mental scarring.
"Are you having fun, angel?" Chuck asked after letting his son into his office.
"And we know someone who is pretty damn good at making doors look like walls." He commented, gesturing towards Chuck's workshop.
"On the contrary, sir, while I have been brought up to believe your people to be savages and have had nightmares of the horrors I've been told, I do not believe everything I have been told or everything I have read. There aren't many books to hand in Novak that aren't biased or over-exaggerating." Castiel argued. Dean smiled to himself. Castiel turned to Dean, his neck exposed slightly. "I apologise, Alpha, but I find it unfair that there are these prejudices against me when I have done nothing to deserve it. How can I be held accountable for my family's wrong doings?"
"This is ridiculous. He's a Novak. They hate us." Sam argued. Castiel's head snapped up and he glared at the younger Winchester.
"I don't know, I think he's told me everything about the kids and the pizzeria but there's something else, I don't know." Cas sighed defeatedly. Dean curled his arm around Cas' neck and pulled the boy to his chest.
"Where are we going?" Sam asked as the two angel's joint them at the door.
"Yes, we established that, thank you, Rufus. Does anyone have something helpful to add?" Dean grumbled tiredly.
"Hello, Castiel. How was your drive here?" Chuck asked, pulling his son into a hug.
"Is it... urgent?" Castiel asked hesitantly. The patient was bloodied and bruised, and clearly had a broken leg but the other nurses weren't rushing as they usually would.
"Right... Best friends."
"Yes, he is." Dean answered pointlessly. Cas laughed softly and pulled away. He joined Sam on the sofa and gave a happy smile upon hearing Dean talk with Levi. "Did you climb out of your crib again? Because me and Papa have told you not to do that."
"Take care of Papa, okay? I'll be home soon."
"No 'but's. You know our rules, Donna, and I am not going to force or coerce my true mate into bonding with me if he doesn't want me. Regardless of what Fenrir has in mind." Dean said, his Alpha voice lining his tone. Donna nodded and took a step back, baring her neck. Castiel turned back to Dean and laid his hand on the Alpha's arm to get his attention.
"We will prepare for a war then. Plain and simple." Dean decided.
"Oh my, isn't he the cutest little thing?" She said. Dean flashed her a charming smile and Cas' heart clenched painfully. Levi turned at the sound of the voice and the woman's cooing intensified. "Look at those eyes! Half yours half his mom's?" She asked. Sam winced and turned to Cas, who had the beginnings of tears pooling in his eyes. Dean nodded with a flirty smirk. The woman looked over at the men further down the aisle. "Where
"I'm now a librarian." Cas announced with a smile. Gabriel congratulated him and moved to get Cas a coffee while Cas pulled out his phone.
" Charlie read from the article.
are gone, then Gabriel can return to his position as leader of Heaven." Samyaza hissed. Cas looked up at Gadreel pleadingly and for a split second she thought she saw, what could have been, guilt but it went as quickly as it came.
"Cas?" Sam asked. "Is it coming?" Cas groaned and curled over.
"Hmmm." The man grunted happily. Cas struggled, shifting so that he could reach into the pocket of his trench coat and pull out his phone to call for help. His actions spend up when he hear the man unzipping his own pants and awkwardly pulling them down with his free hand. He hurried texted Dean for help but that was all he could send before an ear-piercing scream of pain escaped his throat as the man behind him thrust in roughly. The man behind him sighed contently, uncaring that Cas was sobbing and struggling to crawl away.
"No, we need to go in Honey." Levi whined and looked around.
"Daddy, Papa?! We have Kismas? Peas?" Levi asked, bouncing in his seat. Cas looked at Dean, who was already smiling back at him.
"Then what is it?" Cas asked defensively. They stopped and turned to look at the gap they just walked through.
"The only reason it's his business is because he killed his brother, that's all." Dean argued. Phil frowned and turned back to Dean.
"Me?" Castiel asked, surprised that he was being addressed by one of the Elders.
"Just want you to remember that I'm not leaving you and Levi." He muttered, pressing his forehead against Cas'. Cas gave him a small smile and clenched his hand in Dean's short hair. The hunter leant in and pressed his lips to Cas', their tongues meeting in a passionate kiss. Dean's hands moved to Cas' thighs, lifting him easily onto the kitchen island. Cas moaned softly at Dean's show of strength, his free hand curling around Dean's bicep as the other man gripped his thighs tugging him closer. Dean broke away from their intense kiss, breathing heavily, to kiss down the angel's neck. Another soft moan passed Cas' lips as the hunter stood between his legs sucked and nipped at the skin of his neck, his hips twitching forward subconsciously when Dean's hands began to inch up his thighs towards his ass.
"Hey, so you saw the house?" Cas nodded and pulled back. "What do you think?"
"Didn't Chuck say that he'd tell the angels to lay off?" Sam asked.
He rolled out of bed and stumbled into the bathroom. Once he had woken up a bit more, he carefully pulled his gown on then moved back into the bathroom to do his make-up; he skillfully applied dark purple eye shadow and a nude lip gloss, his skin was naturally smooth due to being an omega so he didn't need foundation or anything like that. After failing to tame his hair, he headed towards the ballroom.
"It is hurting me, it is. But we need to be strong." Dean replied. He pressed a kiss to Cas' head then turned back to the counter so he could continue making their food. Over the two minutes, Levi's sobs dialed down to quite sniffles. "Levi, come here please." Dean ordered gently. Levi jumped up and ran to his parents, stopping in front of Dean. "Why'd I put you in the corner?" Dean asked, his voice soft now.
"Novak does not treat their omegas as we do, Dean. How do you expect him to get on here?" Sam asked in a condescending tone. Dean leant forward on his forearms and stared at his brother.
"But you got lost." Dean pointed out. Castiel scowled at the Alpha's cocky demeanor and crossed his arms over his chest.
"Before Spirit Day, my father thought that you were allying with other savages and nomads. He said you had no reason to plan anything." Castiel said after he had gained Dean's attention.
"What's your plan?" Sam asked Gabriel the next morning while they were waiting for Cas and Dean to wake up.
"But this one can take better pictures and I already installed Spotify so you can listen to music because you need to listen to more music and it has all of our numbers in." Gabriel argued. Cas knew how expensive iPhone's could be, although the Winchester brother's tended to get the cheaper ones.
"Yeah, yeah I know how to hold a child, Cas." He snapped. Cas' arms dropped as did his face. Cas opened his mouth to speak but he closed it again before walking away in defeat. Levi nuzzled his face into Dean's neck and looped his arms around his father.
"Ok, that's fine." Dean replied. He returned to his place next to Cas and took his hand. "But let's ask the doctor why he didn't think it was necessary first? I don't want you to go through this pain if you don't need to." Dean suggested. Cas frowned and leant his head back to look at the hunter.
Foxy was no longer behind his curtain in Pirate Cove, rather he was in the middle of the room, mid run. Chica was off the show-stage and heading towards the staff only corridor. It took him a moment to find Bonnie but, when he did, he jerked back in shock. Bonnie was stood in the doorway of the storage room, staring up at the camera. Freddy was gazing off towards the security guard's office but he hadn't moved anything but his head.
"Where Daddy? Where Unca Sammy? Where Unca Gabe?" Levi asked as Cas was making them dinner.
It was nothing like when he was with Dean, all he felt was pain. He wanted it to stop. He wanted Dean.
"I believe that whatever has effected my vessel's appearance has also weakened my grace. I can perform minor miracles at best." Cas answered solemnly. Dean smiled sadly and rested his hand on her thigh.
"What about him?" He finally asked. Cas looked down at her hands sadly. "Cas?" He placed her hand on her shoulder to comfort her.
"There are more pressing matters than the future Head Omega." Dean interrupted. "For example, three kingdoms that hate us the most are teaming up. Why?"
"We think he does keep coming back, the Golden Bonnie has been moved." Dean added.
"That isn't kind." Castiel said softly as he knelt by the pups.
"My dumbass brother threw away all her clothes as a prank and she's forgotten her size." Dean answered, Cas glanced up at him gratefully. Amber nodded and pulled Cas away with her, Cas obediently followed with a look over her shoulder to Dean who answered with a reassuring look and soft eyes. Dean followed them around the store and he surprised himself by focusing solely on Cas, he never even thought about perving on the other women in the store or imagined previous hookups with faceless women.
Cas was checking on Levi while Dean had a quick shower. Dean was relaxing on his side of the bed, wearing only his boxers, scrolling through his phone when Cas entered.
Cas was lounging on the couch, happily rubbing his protruding belly, and watching Dean moving around the living room as the hunter tidied. As when he was in the garage, Dean had music playing. Suddenly, Cas felt something. He had been feeling gas-like movement before but the feeling he got in that moment was harsher.
"Yeah, I could do with a relaxing night." Cas murmured.
"My friend helped me find a path during the Spirits Day celebrations. They shouldn't notice I'm gone for a few days." Castiel answered. He had a blush rising on his cheeks and his eyes trained on the contents of his satchel. Dean laid the items out and observed them in silence, mainly the map.
"That's a Christmas Tree, Levi." Dean explained. Levi's little face split into a gummy grin and he began to dance excitedly.
"Ok, we're going to get something to eat then we'll be back." Mary said. With that Cas returned to where Dean was stood with the screaming boy.
"Good book." He said before turning back to his research.
"I'm sorry, lovebug, Daddy said that you're too little. What Daddy says, goes." Cas said with a small smile. Dean glanced over Cas' shoulder at the bath and pulled Levi's nappy off. Cas took Levi into his arms and put him in the bath.
, how did you leave the gates of Novak?" Dean asked as he lifted the satchel onto the table.
"Well she tried to convince me with sex after you left." Dean said nonchalantly. Cas chuckled and moved to look at Dean.
"Dean, I don't believe that you don't want to go on another hunt, and the outcome won't be the same. Mary lives next door now, and since she isn't directly in our lives, she has little to no right making comments on if you go hunting with your brother. That's what you've done all your life and I've told you before that I didn't expect you to give it up when I had Levi, I only expected you to be more careful because you had someone to come back to. I don't mind staying at home with Levi and I don't mind you hunting." Cas said. Dean's eyes slowly turned to Cas, a small smile set on his face.
"You don't have to sleep every night, you know that right?" Gabriel asked. Cas smiled and gave his brother a shy smile.
"Th-thank you f-for saving me, Daryl." Cas stammered with a weak smile of her own.
"There's no mention of the disappearances despite there being 6 of them. However, there is word on the springlock failure." Charlie explained lowly. She took a bite of her pain au chocolat as the others took in her words.
"So he's definitely Dean's?" Cas asked. Dean's head snapped to the doctor, who's face was brightened with a smile.
"Hiya, Castiel. It's good to see you again. I'm glad you could make it today." Maria greeted Cas cheerily. Cas gave her a small smile and followed her to the reception desk. "Okie dokie, I'll familiarise you with the computer system then give you a quick tour and then you can have a mini shift for a few hours for you to get used to it." Cas nodded along with a smile. He sat in the seat next to her and leant forwards as she explained how the system worked. It was when Cas raised his left hand to point at something on the screen in question that Maria noticed Cas' ring. "Oh my, that's beautiful." She exclaimed. Cas turned to her confused but a blush rose on his cheeks when he followed her gaze to his hand. She gingerly took his hand in hers, giving him chance to pull away if he wanted to. She admired it quietly for a moment then looked up at Cas, who was also looking at the ring with a fond look in his eyes. "When did he propose?" She asked excitedly.
"But we killed you." Sam insisted. Not-Cas laughed humourlessly.
"Hi Lisa." Dean greeted, his eyes flicking to Cas. The angel blushed delicately and shoved his hands in his pockets.
"Is that the storage tank it's talking about?" Charlie asked reluctantly.
"We don't know that it was his fault, it was probably an accident." Phil tried gently. Dean shook his head and glanced out the kitchen window to watch Michael. The shorter man was stood on the porch staring out into the woods.
"That's a good idea." Cas commented. Dean nodded and pulled Cas closer to him by holding the angel's hips. He ran his hand up Cas' body then down his left arm until he reached Cas' hand. "Dean?" Cas whispered, looking up at Dean.
"Listen to me, Cas. I know that you want to be with Dean. But you need to think of Levi. Levi knows that he has two father's, he knows that you and Dean are his father's and, because he's so young, he's not seeing your souls. If you changed into a woman now, Levi wouldn't understand. He would think that Dean is cheating on you and that would break his heart. Levi would then, effectively, disown Dean and consequently you. I know you want to be happy with Dean, I want you to be happy too and, in any other situation, I would help you but right now we need to think of Levi. Ideally, Levi should have both of his parents under the same roof, parenting him together but I understand why you don't want be there." Gabriel said, he kept his voice soft. Cas sighed and slumped into his older brother. Gabriel frowned and stroked his hand through Cas' hair. "I'm sorry, brother." Cas curled into his big brother's arms and cried quietly. Gabriel's heart clenched and he tightened his arms.
"You and your mother have been butting heads a lot lately and I'm not saying I agree with either of you but all this fighting isn't good for you, or Levi, or Cas, or your brother. You of all people should know that. Since we've been back, I've wanted to make amends with you and Sam but you've just been arguing with Mary, since she came back from what I hear." John started. Dean nodded along. "So I've spoken to Gabriel, and he's gotten Bobby, Mary and I the house next door. This way you, Sam and Cas have the privacy that you need at your ages and hopefully you and Mary will stop fighting."
"I'll follow you back."
Dean deemed the day to be a lazy one, he couldn't be bothered to get dressed and his wounds were still a bit sore. Sam, of course, got dressed but he was wearing comfy clothes while Levi was just wearing a nappy. They sat together in the living room watching movies, Sam sat in the arm chair with Levi tucked into the small gap between his waist and the chair while Cas and Dean curled up together on the couch.
"What are you not understanding about 'I'm not leaving my family for you'? Sex or not, I'm not coming with you. I don't know Ben, I don't know that he is mine, I don't know you. And from the way Ben has been acting, I don't want to know either of you; you've taught your son to be disrespectful to adults he doesn't know and to be violent and mean towards Levi, and for those reasons I don't want to know Ben either. I don't care if you think it's unfair, or if you don't like Cas for whatever reason, but neither of you have been particularly pleasant to be around." Dean explained. Lisa flicked her hair over her shoulder and leant against the counter.
"Well, this one seems to be a secret door." Cas turned around with a frown. Sure enough, Phil was investigating part of the wall that didn't quite fit; the room didn't have any windows and the walls were decorated with wooden boards. There was a barely distinguishable difference in the gap where Phil was pointing and the other boards in the room, and, as Cas stood on Phil's right, he noticed the slight draught (draft) coming through the wall.
"It kind of sounds like it is his business." Phil gazed at the camera's, zoning out for a moment.
"Let's go on the planes! So that Jimmy, Eli and Sammy can come too." Dan suggested after everyone had had a turn on the game, he felt bad that their brothers couldn't join in on the big games yet. Cas, Dean and Phil agreed wholeheartedly while Mark and Charlie reluctantly parted with the game. It wasn't that they didn't want to go on the planes with all of their friends, it was just that they had been winning and wanted to keep going, but their guilt over the youngest members of the group not being able to play the game overwhelmed their want to keep winning. They turned to the ball pit and stopped short.
"Watch your brother for a moment, Castiel, I need to open the main doors. Your friends will be here soon." His father murmured softly with a hand gently cupping the back of the boy's head, running his fingers through his son's wavy hair.
"Cas wasn't the problem, Sammy, he's fine with us hunting. It's mom." Dean argued. Sam waved his hand at him.
"I wasn't aware I needed an appointment." Dean commented firmly. The omega shook her head quickly and bowed her head.
"Tell me what's happening then read some to me?" Dean suggested softly.
"Gabe?" Dean asked upon noticing his expression. Cas turned around in Dean's lap to look at her brother and Sam stopped eating to look at the archangel next to him.
"It's not your fault, Dean." Sam mumbled comfortingly. Dean shook his head against Sam's shoulder and tried to control himself.
"He was outside Daddy's office." Cas replied.
"Cas doesn't want to go home yet. I don't want him to go yet. We don't know that Novak is going to start a war or if they are just going to send out a search party for him." Dean stated. "They don't know everything about us. They don't care to learn."
" Said Af, angel of anger.
"You like him?" She asked casually, keeping her voice low so Dean wouldn't hear them in the waiting area. Cas frowned, why would he be in the company of someone he doesn't like?
"So we have time to ourself?" Cas asked lowly. Dean's eyes flicked down to Cas' lips before a seductive smirk appeared on his own lips.
"I just wanted to explore." Castiel said. Dean looked over the map again then turned his gaze back to Castiel.
Once he had settled down at his desk in the library, Castiel pulled his laptop out of his backpack. He would have done his research on the library desktop but he knew that all searches made on the desktops was tracked by his boss. He knew, however, that he could connect to their WiFi without his actions being watched.
"Always is with you." Dean commented with a wink. Cas blushed. "Can you clean us up so I can check on Levi?" Cas nodded and zapped the come from their stomachs. "Thanks." Dean pressed a loving kiss to Cas lips then slid out of bed. He pulled on his sweats then headed to Levi's room.
The ballroom was full of people; a select group of people from the Novak village and the royals from the kingdom's allies along with the Novak family. Castiel was nervously following his brothers around, avoiding the lustful stares he was receiving from royals such as Zachariah Adler and Crowley MacLeod. He held his head high though, snapping at any alphas that got too confident or cocky, growling at them in warning; he loved the shocked and murderous looks he got from the alphas because he knew that they couldn't do anything to him, not with his brothers hanging a few steps behind him. It angered the royal alphas that an omega, royal or not, would talk back to them, not submit to them but it wasn't their fault that they didn't know that Castiel didn't submit to any alphas that weren't his family and even then he refused to submit further than a slight baring of the neck.
