The soldier is not afraid but Molly definitely is. She looks around frantically but she still cannot see the figure of the soldier's own personal Death.
Sherlock is, once again, too far away to hear what they are saying but Molly has the biggest smile on her face.
She's gotten pretty good at detecting my 'moods'. She knows that sometimes it's best to just leave me alone.
Sherlock refuses to look John in the eye. If he does he'll blush too and now where would that leave them.
Then John's lips are on his cheek, his nose.......Sherlock tilts his head some more.......he feels as if he is on fire himself now.
And as the gravity of it all hits him with all its might, even though the room is pitch-black, he finds he sees things clearly for the first time.
Ever since they have kissed.....and then kissed again.....John is all he is able to think about. Thoughts about him seem to consume his mind and drown out the possibility of any other thoughts altogether.
All hopes he had had that She had not been able to see into the room before he had closed the door were dashed when She spoke:
His hair is dark and messy. John can barely see it as it blends in with the darkness that seeps into the room from outside.
The fur going from soft to course and short and, John saw as he carefully opened his eyes a small bit, acquiring a brown color.
It was colder than he had expected and his skin turned into goosebumps. He didn't mind much. After the heat of the day it was a welcome cold.
“I don't know......”, he starts saying, only, he does know, of course he does. And Sherlock deserves the truth. He deserves so much more......God.....he is just all kinds of confused right now.
It's just all this sitting around....and waiting....after having had a taste of adventure and magic he finds himself unable to go back to mundane life.
There are small groups of people scattered around the pavement huddled in their winter clothing but so far I don't recognize any of them.
For just a moment the faint glow of his skin becomes just a little bit brighter, Holmes sighs in his sleep and his fingers relax once more, John's skin looks just as it always has done.
“Is she some kind of scientist?”, I startle a bit at the sound of John's voice and some of my tea sloshes over the side of the mug and hurts the skin of my hand. I pretend not to notice. I pretend the sting isn't there, “she's always got all those complicated looking papers lying around”, John continues.
“I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about”, he ends up saying as he puts his old clothes back on.
Sherlock doesn't know what to say to this and so he doesn't say anything. He just patiently waits for John to continue talking. Because he knows John will....eventually......once he's figured out what he wants to say....and how he wants to say it.
The air around them seems to have gotten even more warm and oppressive than it already was. Sherlock is having trouble breathing. He chances a sideways glance at John but it does nothing to calm his raging nerves.
But he won't run anymore now. John wants to go out with him....John is apparently bisexual....who knew.....John is here......John is gorgeous......John is touching him......John
This evening he will go and find him in the stables. As he has done on countless occasions before. Watson will look magnificent in the orange, red and golden light of the setting sun and Sherlock already knows he will have to use all his willpower to not immediately wrap Watson up in a tight embrace.
Chest to chest this time. John's hands caging him in where they are pressed into the wet ground at his side.
How those thighs, now spread on either side of the horse's back, had looked in between his own. How the faint scattering of hairs on them felt underneath his searching fingertips. How firm they felt when their muscles strained.
Having been exposed to more and more of John over the past couple of months might have turned him into a bit of a romantic but he's also still a realist.
A moment of silence followed where he was pretty sure Sherlock was rolling his eyes again. John couldn't help but smile again as the beer in his belly seemed to warm his insides.
Mycroft had looked so apologetic and at the time Sherlock had found it strange that Mycroft would feel as if he had to apologize.
There are clothes on the floor surrounding the bed, left there to be found again in the morning, there is a chest of drawers, John has no idea what's in it,  there's a chair in the corner of the room, a shaded lamp providing some minimal additional light and far too many people.
Detectives don't let ex-junkies onto their crime-scenes. No matter how much they like them. And rehab doesn't automatically just make you a better person and makes all of your problems and cravings go away.
Ever since Sherlock has discovered he can do magic and that there is a whole new world associated with it he has also come to discover that a lot of the things he used to believe were fairytales and legends are actually true.
At first Watson doesn't reply, instead he turns his body towards Sherlock and places one of his hands on the back of Sherlock's neck, gently guiding him forward until Watson is able to kiss him again.
To take something that is so precious to another for your own personal gain so carelessly, recklessly and haphazardly is just....no.
The claw on her arm turns positively vice-like now. His fingers are cold but they burn her skin at the same time. It is a cold burn. It reminds her of drowning in icy water. Of dying after a carriage crashes through the railing of a bridge. For the first time that night she starts fearing for her life.
“There you are”, John's voice still dripped like honey into his ears, “I was afraid you were unconscious and I was going to have to carry you.”
Once again he sighed, but this time he could feel some of the tension leaving his body along with his breath.
“Mary, go back to your room. There are dangerous things about. You shouldn't just be roaming the halls.”
John's hands fist themselves into the back of Sherlock's shirt and in the dark of the room he can now see light and colours all around them.
The stranger had a haughty look about him as he looked John in the eye, his arms crossed and one eyebrow raised questioningly.
But.....like time.....luck will inevitably run out and only time will tell when exactly they need to start running.
Next he found himself stretching out his arms to either side of his body. On his left his searching fingers made contact with what appeared to be a wallpapered wall. The material appeared old and oddly familiar and reassuring as he pressed his palm flat against it.
Using the crate at his back to balance himself John managed to pull himself upright again as his leg protested violently. The gentleman made his way towards John only stopping when he stood inches before him. He leaned forward, placing his hands on the crate at Johns back, effectively caging him between his arms. His breath no longer smelt like honey, but more like an entire brewery. It made John sick to his stomach.
“Soon.” It was the only answer John could give him to that question. He doesn't even know where Finn has gone. Who knows if he'll even come back. He had given John his word but then again.....who knew what that was worth.
Or, at least, that's how their reunion would have gone. Had it been up to Sherlock and his imagination.
And then Eric joins in the conversation: “We need you there, Sherlock! You're our un-official good luck charm!”
He did not close his eyes however. He wanted to enjoy every second of this first day of freedom after his month of incarceration.
For now I will let the chapters unfold the way they are supposed to until the story reaches its inevitable end.
For a moment he remains quiet. I'm starting to think he's not going to speak. That he is just here to silently judge me but then he does say something:
Had the scent of the alpha startled him at first now he found it strangely intoxicating as it mixed itself with the smell of the countless wildflowers surrounding them. A soft breeze graced the meadow and every now and then a slightly stronger gust of wind would cause the flowers to bend in their direction and ruffle their hair and whenever it happened John would close his eyes and smile as all of his senses were flooded simultaneously with a rich sweetness that felt entirely new and exciting.
“Fine”, he says. Watson gives him a curt nod and starts making his way to the chair. He probably thinks he's won but Sherlock isn't done talking yet. “We'll share the bed”, he concludes.
They've hardly discussed what this thing that has formed between them is amongst the two of them, talking about it to John's parents or.....heaven forbid, Mycroft.....that just seems like a bridge neither of them is quite ready to cross yet.
John didn't answer and as Sherlock Holmes slowly lifted his glass and nodded as if he was giving a toast John quickly turned around and fled.
“A magpie? It's a birthmark in the shape of a bird. Could be any bird. How are you so sure it's a magpie?”
After finding him Mycroft had scooped him up in his arms and had carried him back home. Sherlock remembered very little of this. He had been tired and cold.
And the most annoying thing had been that Sherlock had been right. Jack and Mary together had apparently been bad news. Not so much for them, but more so for John when he found them together in the garden. Kissing.
He keeps shifting, trying and failing  to find a more agreeable position while he squints his eyes against the too bright lighting that floods the room.
In this imaginary place you fashion rooms for yourself. You order these rooms. Make them distinguishable from each other. You can decorate their walls with paintings, wallpaper or vibrant colors if that helps you remember more effectively and in each room you place your memories in a way that works for you.
“Ssssh, it's alright”, John's voice was not much more than a whisper, barely even audible to himself, but it seemed to calm Holmes back down again as he heaved a sigh and let himself sink back down in the pillows and blankets on the bed.
He thanks the boy anyway and with his spirits as low as they've ever been and a very sour mood he starts making his way back to Holmes manor.
John doesn't reply, sensing that words are no longer needed, instead he just shows Sherlock as he softly traces his lips with his own and his searching fingers make a path through his curls.
John presses his leg a little bit firmer against Sherlock's and the warm sensation of it almost makes Sherlock forget what he wanted to say but he manages to hang on to the words...just barely.
bond. Either you choose your own mate from the lords of the neighboring counties or I will choose one for you. These are your options, John. So pick one.'
“Shit”, John hissed under his breath, “that's my mom....I thought she was asleep.....she can't see you come in with me. She'll kill me...and you.....she'll probably kill me twice for good measure....”
Sherlock groaned, but did not push him away. If anything his arms tightened just a small fraction around John's waist.
“Are you not going to eat anything?” the words come out slightly muffled as she talks around a bite of cheese and bread.
John pressed his nose once again in the crook of Sherlock's neck while Sherlock draped his arm loosely around him, fingers tracing idle figures on skin, leaving unseen trails, igniting the naked flesh beneath in their wake.
John is so proper when he's talking to my mother. He's being polite but he's almost being polite to a fault. As if it's a shield he wears to hide something else. Something hidden. Something.....
The thought of him sitting alone in his room in the middle of the night thinking of me and of wanting to be with me just calms me down.
Very perceptive people or those sensitive to magic could sometimes still sense it there like a tingling at the back of their eyes or spots of light swimming through their vision.
There still had been a softness....a roundness to him.....Sherlock doesn't know how to describe it exactly. Now he's all sharp edges and firm  muscles.
He had grown attached to John. This should never have happened. From an early age on he had been taught differently.
“I deserve an explanation. I'm tired of being used. I've had my share of it in the army. I left the army for a reason. If you want me to go with you I'm going as your equal or not at all.”
His last inhaled breath filters back out past his half  opened lips and it dissipates into the room around them.
Mycroft is giving him a questioning look. Sherlock tries avoiding it as best as he can but not looking at Mycroft means looking at the sky around them....at the setting sun....and somehow that seems a little bit too much to bear at the moment.
Suddenly he was shoved back against the wall violently. His fathers hand no longer on his arm, but on his neck. His fingers digging into the freshly bitten flesh, bruising the airway that lay underneath, making John's breath come out labored and wheezing.
His stepmother continued talking: 'I will not let you be responsible for the downfall of Holmes Manor.'
Patrick tilts his head as he bites the inside of his cheek. He's clearly thinking very, very hard about this.
“Do you want to go and heave breakfast in the lobby? Check-out isn't until at least another two hours or so.”
His mother was having a conversation with the headmaster at the moment, but would soon come looking for him. She was under the assumption that Sherlock, who had been appointed as Johns tutor since he was falling behind with some of his grades, was beating up John after school time. She could not be further from the truth if she tried, but it was better that she thought this than what actually was going on. If his mother found out John was in a relationship with another man she would certainly do anything she could to keep them apart.
He has to admit though that John's acting is getting better. His diction is improving, he's not mixing his lines up so much anymore and sometimes he's even able to put some form of feeling into the words he's speaking.
Holmes is looking into the fire again and so he doesn't see Finn's expression darken. He looks hurt.....almost sad....bitter....for the briefest of moments the room around them grows darker still. The island of light they find themselves in just a small circle as the blackness presses on their shoulders and minds like a physical weight.
He's pretty sure she would just give him the medallion if he asked for it......no questions asked.....but.....somehow, that doesn't sit right with him.
It makes him want to conjure snowflakes and stars out of the dust in the air only to see John's eyes light up in wonder and smile.....at his magic.....at him......at both.
John never made it up the stairs to his bed that night. Instead he crept inside one of the stables, covered himself with hay and fell into a restless sleep there.
John is eighteen by now. He has grown. He's taller. His face wider. More manly. He has a slight stubble and a square jaw.
He wondered if Holmes was seeing this too, but from the corner of his eyes he could see that Holmes' gaze was not directed towards the bricks and their little island of fog, but was firmly fixed on him and he stared at him unblinking. As if, maybe, if he stared hard enough he could find himself a way inside Johns head and see with his eyes. See what he was seeing right now.
“Will you.....”, she stops herself and looks down at the white fabric beneath her hands. Her fingers are tense and they tremble slightly. As if she doesn't know what to do with her hands. For a moment John thinks she is not going to finish her sentence. That she'll still leave it like this after all. In silence if it weren't for the constant interruption of the rain and wind outside. But then she flexes her fingers, clears her throat, bites her lip and starts anew:
Tea has been served. Molly is sipping hers in her favorite armchair and Nighthawk is sitting in another armchair beside her. He has graciously declined the offer of tea.
Sherlock moans and John practically melds their bodies against each other as he steps even closer ands slips his tongue inside and as he does so he realizes he's never been more sure about anything in his life before.
He can't  tell Mycroft this and so he just spews his acidic remarks towards him in an attempt to get rid of some of the bile and hurt that are threatening to suffocate him.
the steady beat of a pulse. Blood pumping through veins and arteries. Telling him that John is still here and real and alive.
His shoulder and leg are both giving him trouble. Being jostled around on top of a carriage is not something he probably should be doing on a daily basis.
“It's been a long day”, she says. Mainly because she just wants to say something. Silence is too much for her right now. A lot of things hide in silences. She finds she really, really wants to drown it out right now. But also because it really has been a long day.
I reach down with  my right hand. Into his jeans. I am searching. His breath comes out in short bursts of air against my lips. We are  no longer kissing. There is just contact and closeness.
Usually he went to the kitchen to eat with the rest of the staff but even the thought of being around other people right now made him feel even more depressed.
Paralyzing him where he stands and flooding his mind with images he normally only still sees when he is alone in his bed at night.
Even though the night is warm they sit close together. Their arms and legs touching. Sherlock feels his skin tingle once again.
Holmes seemed to be taken aback a bit by this question. Was he being too forward? Perhaps he was. He didn't care.
His hair is once again slicked back neatly, he's wearing an expensive dark jacket that is buttoned up all the way to his chin and seems far too warm for this time of year and his long legs are once again wrapped in a pair of very tight dark trousers.
“Important people.....high ups......it doesn't matter”, Holmes ends up saying, “I only stayed as long as was absolutely necessary, but....they did have some interesting news.”
Molly smiles at the face staring back at her from the corner of her mirror and, just for a moment, the woman seems to smile back.
'They've been looking to hire for quite a while now, but they can't seem to get anyone to stay', Mike had said. 'So they might be just desperate enough to hire me?' John had replied. Only a tiny bit bitter.
Mycroft is sitting in an armchair on the other side of he table. That smug smile has not once left his face. It's even in place as he slowly sips his tea. The chair looks way more comfortable. He's probably arranged them like this on purpose.
Sherlock had smiled at this description. Actually smiled. Honestly smiled. And John could practically see the bricks falling from the wall as he did so as the light that lay behind it warmed his face and the inside of his chest.
Sherlock wants to ask them more but the figures are once again facing forward even though he has not seen them turn their heads. The door behind him opens but there is nobody there that could have opened it.
“I....erm...”, Holmes stammers, closes his mouth again, looks down at his half-dressed form, thinks things over for a moment and then decides to go in a different direction.
John knows he has only been back at the mansion for a couple of days but he was hoping it would be enough to shake the feeling of restlessness that had traveled back with him.
'I do believe that's that matter sorted, I'll leave you be for the night. No doubt we'll meet again sometime.'
How can John still think him amazing after the breakdown he's just had in John's house.....on John's sofa......
Had been for as long as he could remember. Maybe that's part of the reason he had taken  him under his wing all those years ago. Being a dark elf he had been naturally attracted to cold. Like a moth to a flame. If the flame was made of ice. How ironic was it that he was so exceptionally good at fire magic.
They either talk about 'safe' subjects or, when Sherlock is having a bad day, they just don't talk at all.
While John had been admiring his masters attire he seemed to have turned his head and now that icy gaze was fixed directly upon him.
But then again.......the dark part of his mind tells him, John has also  never said anything that proves this isn't true. If John truly wants to be with Sherlock then....why isn't he here.....
“I just feel that....something like this”, John continues talking. His hands weave in different directions only to come back together in front of his chest, “something like this should be private. This is something that belongs to me.....and you......straight people don't have to announce to the world that they're straight.....why should we.....it's just.......”
He is definitely looking at me now. He places the hand that's not currently entwined with mine gently at the center of my chest as if he knows about the frozen shards that have settled around my heart that morning and is trying to thaw it out.
Mary heaved a sigh and sat down on the floor next to him, her knees drawn up close to her body to keep out the cold as she leaned her shoulder against his thigh.
John watches her leave for far too long before he finally remembers he has chores of his own to attend to.
She likes its ethereal stillness. She just doesn't like the dreams that nighttime sometimes brings with it.
He takes himself in hand again and lines himself up with Sherlock's now somewhat stretched entrance and pushes in in one harsh thrust.
Gently Sherlock traces the gnarled tissue with his fingers. A shiver runs through John's body as he does so.
The elderly couple are sitting about four rows ahead of us and to our left, the two guys in suits are sitting on the very front row with their legs stretched out in front of them and then there is a woman in her mid-fourties wearing a flowery dress who has chosen a seat right in the middle.
I wonder what John would look like with a mustache and immediately berate myself for thinking of John yet again.
John feels his stomach lurch. He wishes he hadn't drunk quite so much alcohol. The room is starting to spin around him and Sherlock.....Sherlock is only making it worse.
And so Sherlock kept walking forward. His nerves calmed by the warm light, the somehow familiar voice and the steady pulse that still beat from beyond the walls.
“I'm sorry”, he says. He makes it seem as if he means the interruption, but Sherlock knows what he's really sorry for.
The rest of the conversation was lost on John however. He had already snuck out of the cave and, staying low to the ground, hiding himself in white clouds of fog, was making his way to the edge of the meadow. Trying to escape the loneliness of the day and the chilling dread the voices had instilled in him.
And voices....carried towards him on the wind, given a strange echoing quality as they reverberated on the walls of the cave.
Now that I've calmed down Andrew removes his hand from my back leaving behind a cool and uncomfortable feeling.
Finn rounds another corner. He finds himself in front of the door that leads to the room Sherlock, adult Sherlock, is currently in.
“You're not useless.....you just.....probably shouldn't try practicing spells when you're this emotional.”
“Alright, yeah, sure”, he says, “I was just about to leave...” and just as he gets up and Mycroft thinks he has won John adds: “See you tomorrow, Sherlock?”
And then she starts stepping back. Backwards through the doorway where the night slowly starts swallowing her up.
And so he worms one of his hands in between their bodies. Sherlock is slick with sweat, his skin is hot, he feels as if he is on fire.
The mangled corpse of master Holmes. His eyes had been gone.  His once so vibrant curls dull, wet and sticking to his face. His complexion even paler than John remembered it. The only splash of color in the entire scene had been the pool of blood he had been laying in.
I also feel like I need to explain the barking dogs at the end. Someone once told me that, in folklore, if you heard dogs barking it meant that the border between worlds was opening and the Fey were entering into the world and they were coming to steal people away. I don't know if that is actually true and I cannot seem to find an actual source on it anymore, but I really love the idea so it's in this story too now.
These days Mary wears a mask.....or maybe she has always worn one and he has just now started to notice the strings that tie it to her face.
A part of him felt embarrassed at this remark and as he felt his cheeks coloring a light shade of pink he quickly turned away his head and pretended it was the biting cold that was the cause of the reaction.
I mean....the way he looks at you......I used to look at Mrs. Watson like that too.....when we were still young and had just started dating.”
He looks out at the quickly darkening night around them and for a long moment she thinks he is not going to say anything else. That he is going to leave it like that.
A sudden gust of wind, blowing a stray, dark curl across his face only seemed to enhance the effect.
Or maybe it was the way he held himself. As if he had a secret he was dying to tell but every single person he came across was too far beneath him to share in it.
Both of them don't say anything as Sherlock stares at his untouched food and Mycroft looks at his younger brother.
There was no way Holmes would be able to see him in this dark hallway all the way from across the room, wouldn't he?
Sherlock's heart drops as he hears those two words muttered from inside of his Adonis of  a roommate's messy bedroom.
“My brother had maps”, Holmes says, shaking John out of his own contemplations, “and on one of these maps there is a location marked by a drawing of a magpie. I never really thought much of it.....in fact.....I had completely forgotten about it, until you and Finn mentioned the magpie the other night.....I'm sure my brother was on to something......must have been.....”
“Sherlock?” his reply. As he tried to keep his voice as quiet as possible. If he did manage to wake his mother after all he would never hear the end of it.
“Sherlock....”, Finn had tried but one fiery look from Holmes in his direction had told him it was best to pick his battles and try again some other day.
How wild Holmes had seemed that night they first met, but also almost regal....Otherworldly..... Beautiful.
His collar still feels as if it's trying to choke him and the fabric of his new suit itches on his skin. He puts his hands in his pockets to keep himself from scratching and then he takes them back out again.
Sherlock feels as if he's going to faint. Luckily for him by now it is so crowded with people that, if he were to topple over, the sheer mass of bodies will most likely break his fall.
Out of the corners of his eyes John nervously glanced at his companion, but Sherlock had turned his face away and was staring out of the window stoically. Walls firmly back up again. Great.
there will be a message waiting for me, but his sudden and unexplainable focus on me is so intense that it seems to temporarily glue me to my chair.
'Come oooooooon',  the drawl had still been firmly in place, 'you've been working all day and I can't go outside to play, because the air's all wet.'
The man squirmed some more as he laughed nervously, 'Mister Holmes', he said, 'this is all one big misunderstanding. I was just talking to the lad about my horse when he had a dizzy spell. I was just trying to help him out.'
He was rather hoping Mycroft would teach him spells and magic but for the last three days all they've been doing is testing his memory.
Happy because this story had been a joy to write and sad because I don't think I'm ready to say goodbye to these boys just yet.
“So.....what?” Sherlock is still very, very confused....not only is John not as straight as he was led to believe....he still doesn't know how he hadn't been able to deduce that before....but....then again....he hasn't allowed himself an awful lot of opportunities to deduce anything about John these last couple of months.....if he really thinks about it........so he just choses not to think....and just focus on John's leg pressed firmly against his, John's hand on his back and John's other hand that, somehow, has managed to find it's way to his right knee.
For a second the smile widened and then was gone again. Over the years Mycroft had become a master at schooling his features. Sherlock hated it.
The woman takes pity on him and makes him write down his name so she can leave it at reception. If he decides to visit Sherlock in the coming days they will let him.
Finn is once again sitting in the red armchair while Sherlock moves hastily through his temporary bedroom, collecting everything he thinks he might need for an equally hasty departure.
Sherlock has gone all soft and pliant and blissed out and as John keeps on pumping inside of his body he still groans softly every time John bottoms out.
Sherlock is sitting at the Watson's kitchen table. There is a glass of home-made lemonade, freshly made by John's mother, in front of him. There are ice-cubes floating around in it. The sound they make as they bump into the glass a soft and soothing tinkling.
He tries to memorize the feeling of John's fingers in his but he finds his own fingers have gone numb and his palms are so clammy he's unable to feel anything.
“What's that supposed to mean?”, Sherlock feels the anger inside of him rise. It's all this talk about the prophecy and the weapon that's slowly adding fuel to the fire. This is not what he was expecting to hear. He was expecting to be told off for not doing his duty as a mage and then he would give them a piece of his mind.
I nod and then quickly add: “I don't know.....maybe”, because I'm starting to realize he might be trying to ask me out and  the only person I want to be asked out by is John and John was supposed to ask me out days ago and he hasn't.....yet.....not officially anyway....and now I just feel nervous and jittery and a little bit frightened all of the time and I'm such a powder-keg of volatile emotions that I simply cannot handle Andrew adding anything to the mix.
John groans and the sound of it vibrates through his searching lips and tongue and finds its way to a place deep in his chest.
Finally Holmes steps out from behind the chamber-screen. He is still in the process of buttoning up his coat. He is wearing the same clothes Finn had found him in. His riding pants, a white shirt and waistcoat and a dark jacket. The clothes are stained in several places but Holmes wears them as if he is wearing the finest couture.
He had no idea where Sherlock was. Was he still with the fairy-queen? Had he gone back to the meadow? And if he had gone back.....with John gone and not returning for months on end, what conclusions would he draw?
“If you want to you can come and dance with me.....beats having to sit here and drink the beer.....” the stranger says.
Even if he had wanted to speak he finds himself unable to do so as the incense makes his eyes water, his head light and his thoughts woozy.
He spends another day spying on John but once again he finds no evidence that there is anyone at this school John is even remotely interested in.
John isn't quite sure how to answer that question. Sherlock doesn't seem particularly happy to see him and he's still not sure where he stands with Mycroft.
Sherlock's laugh immediately dies in his throat. John continues oblivious of the suffocating cold that has suddenly taken a hold of Sherlock.
This was part of the reason why he wanted to know where Holmes had gone. Whether he was safe or not. Visions of Holmes drenched in blood, so tired he could barely stay conscious let alone support his own weight flooded his mind when he was alone at night and sleep would not come. He could not bear the thought of Holmes somehow coming to harm again, because of his actions.
Teachers can always sniff them out. The odd kids. The ones destined to go through their school careers friendless. Never invited to parties........or on dates......
“We see great things in your future”, the voice continues as it seems to move from behind him to the left side of the pyramid mid-sentence.
At the sound of the other boy he springs back to his feet. As he does so he releases the pages he was holding and yet more of my notes fly away into the bushes and trees beyond.
He was just so done with not fitting in....with feeling like this....awkward.....singular......alone.
'I've had a long day', his reply. He had found that the fewer words you said, the less she had to react to. It seemed however that today his stepmother was ready to react to just about anything.
The words form in his brain but skip past his tongue and fall out of his mouth uselessly as sentences and words he never meant to utter and he doesn't mean.
His ride here has been uncomfortable. The sun, unrelenting and hot, has been heating him up from the outside and his unwavering rage directed at the stupidity of Master Holmes has been heating him up from the inside out.
It had made a home in your very bones and no matter how hard I tried I was never truly able to chase it away.
That night John sleeps in my bed again. I shape myself around him desperately like a man afraid of drowning adrift at sea and he lets me.
“For god's sake”, Sherlock lets out an aggravated breath. If only.....if only things were simple. “If you're worried about our different stations in life...the propriety of this situation...”
Sherlock Holmes is sitting at the desk in his room. By now it is well after midnight but he is far from tired.
It is what it is.....flowers that will magically make another love you don't exist. Only in stories.
No sign of the elusive Sherlock Holmes though. Against his nature he was starting to become a little bit curious about the man at least and one late afternoon as September had rolled into November and the nights were starting to come on faster day by day carrying a hint of the chill of winter with them he had asked Mary about him again.
And once again there is a bird in my chest but this time it's not anxious or frightened. It flutters with pure happiness this time and I let some of it out in a puff of breath that manages to escape from between my lips.
'Maybe John would like to see your room”, Mycroft says. His eyes for some reason never leaving John.
As he sat up he wondered for a brief moment why he was not in his bed, but all too soon the events from the previous night came flooding back to him. He rubbed his face with his hands and groaned. He'd really hoped that had been just a dream. From the stall next to him Master Holmes horse softly whinnied at him as if it somehow knew what he was thinking about.
He wondered how Sherlock kept dry when it rained like this. If he just stepped between worlds. Would it rain there also? He'd have to ask him next time he saw him.
Sherlock still doesn't reply so after a moment of awkward silence John continues speaking once more:
It took some awkward fumbling to remove the piece of clothing entirely, neither one of them willing to stop touching the other, but in the end they managed. The shirt, haphazardly thrown to the side, John flat on his back in the grass and Sherlock hovering over him. His hands softly tracing the lines of the muscles of his chest and abdomen. His eyes filled with warm lust. Mirroring the flames that John felt raging through his body.
It's only there for a second before the cold, amused indifference he is so good at falls back into place but John does see it.
Sherlock wants to blame Bill. Desperately so. Wants to blame him, sentence him and dole out punishment. But there's also a part of him that understands. That knows what it's like to be around John. To be in love with John. He comes to the conclusion that, if put in the same situation......he himself might have acted pretty similarly.
There's a warning in his voice. A warning not to push the matter any further. Not to make him go somewhere where he doesn't want to go. And I understand that, I do......Lord knows I do.....but I also worry. And I just need to know what happened so that maybe....I can worry a little bit less.
He is also well aware that, in the event that he is completely wrong, he might be setting himself up for such complete heartbreak that he might never recover from it.
'I'm going to clean you up a bit sir and then put you to bed' John cringed at how that sounded, but Holmes was slipping out of consciousness again. Probably more related to fatigue than any mortal wounds John concluded and sighed in relief. Master Holmes would probably not die tonight. In a barn. Covered in blood. On Johns doorstep.
And Sherlock had known that it was true then. Looking up in his brothers face he had seen the same fear he had been feeling for hours now and so he had stretched out his small arms and had wrapped them around his brother who had, in turn, wrapped him in a tight embrace. Sherlock had started sobbing again.
He heaved a sigh of relief when finally trees started to appear on his left and right and under their leaf filled branches the heat did not feel quite so murderous anymore.
“I had to do this alone”, Sherlock says, “but not a second went by where I did not regret not leaving you a message. I was so afraid I'd never see you again. I....”
John finds himself spellbound and is only able to move again once Holmes closes the heavy doors. Shutting out the wet and cold only partially as they rattle in their hinges where the howling wind accosts them.
John doesn't know why he's asking. He's not hungry. He's not even sure if he still wants to be here. But there is a part of him, a very confusing part, that does not want this moment to end.
“I'm so sorry”, he says and a part of my brain that I thought I left on a beach in the South of England stirs back to life.
Watson has asked him a question. He hasn't heard it. He's been too lost in thought.....lost in John Watson.
Just for a moment I feel jealous and betrayed and it's as if I'm splashing cold water on my face all over again but then I notice his body language.
It's still early in the evening and they've only just opened so, so far, he's the only patron there.
“I met him at Eric's party”, Molly says, “we....kind of hit it off there......we've only been dating fairly recently though.”
“Lllllads, hello lads!”, Greg pulls out the chair opposite Sherlock and sits down. John gives him another look. Greg pretends not to notice.
John felt like shrugging it off immediately, but a part of him was still giving his father the benefit of the doubt and so he endured the gesture and waited silently for what, in the end, his father had to say.
As it gets later the sky outside darkens. Along the street outside, one by one, the lights flicker and then turn on. The sight of them something cozy and comforting but the longer John looks at them he finds they just sting his eyes and make his skin tingle uncomfortably.
He could try and catch him before he goes through but he has no idea in which direction he's gone and what he gathers from the cold side of the bed next to him and the dried ink on the note it's been hours since Holmes snuck out.
Around them the sun is setting, igniting the vast Indiana sky above them in vibrant reds, pinks and oranges.
“There are a lot of things that are bad for you”, Sherlock says. The look on his face still gives nothing away but he keeps it fixed on John.
A memory where John looks at me with cold and accusing eyes and my name something he pretends not to know anymore. Its syllables locked away behind tense lips and a square jaw and teeth that grit as he rises, moves on, and leaves me behind on the ground with dirt on my hands and my notes lost to the breeze.
“You won't be any use to him dead”, Molly continues. This time Sherlock does seem to understand as he slightly raises his eyebrows.
Mrs. Hudson herself was currently in the process of making tea. Surely things couldn't be all that bad if there was tea....could they?
Holmes doesn't reply he just slides one of his hands underneath John's hastily thrown on sheet and lets it come to rest on the bare skin of his lower back.
Full Spotify-playlist to this story can be found here: https://open.spotify.com/user/vanimelda4/playlist/6X5R79gOruQ4egEQQ5cAQw?si=KziynRsNRMqb30cKa2jNkQ
He feels John tense up even more and the arm currently wrapped around him pulls him towards John's chest just a fraction tighter.
There was just something about Watson that drew Sherlock to him like a moth to a flame and Sherlock found himself thinking of John Watson more and more these days.
'I have a lot of work to do tonight', John replied. Evading the question as he felt the man's breath ghost over his cheek as he puffed out a laugh.
He had been here so many times before he must have just traveled straight to it on instinct. Or maybe his horse had remembered the too familiar path and, without any decisive input from its master, had decided to just bring him here.
This seems to catch Watson off guard just a little bit as some of the tension seems to leave his shoulders but the look he bears is still weary.
He looks at me and his face is soft and vulnerable and....there's something else.....something I can't name.....but it makes me want him even more.
And it was at this point, Sherlock feared, that he had lost himself in the brightness of Watson's smile just a little bit, because he had gotten a bit overzealous and had tried to give Watson a horse.
'I'll make you a deal', the Elf said as his eyes bore into John's. There was liquid fire there also, 'come with me, do whatever it is you do and if Holmes lives I'll tell you everything you want to know. Deal?'
By now the evening had decidedly fallen and a chilly breeze crept under the collar and hem of his shirt. He hadn't realized......he often didn't realize the simplest things when he got really lost in his own thoughts.
John loved sherlock the most when he was like this. At his most vulnerable. Laid bare. Stripped of the icy facade he usually put up that others always found so off putting. Just a shield, John knew. A way to keep people from getting too close. Getting at the real him. But John had seen the real Sherlock, glimpses of him anyway, and he had found what he had seen utterly breathtaking.
He had frozen up....been lost for words.....biting his lip because he hadn't known what else to do and he's pretty sure that if  John's friends hadn't come over and saved the day things would only have gotten more awkward.
Sherlock had been standing outside of Johns house for a while now, but so far not a whole lot had happened. John had gone inside, as he always did after school. His mother had greeted him, as she always did. And that had been it.
John stops talking again and looks at Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock finds there is still a lump in his throat and his mouth has gone completely dry.
The amount of flirting going on is unreal and Sherlock feels like the biggest third wheel in the history of the world.
The first thing that came to mind was the specific time of day. Sure, Sherlock had almost immediately picked up last time he had called him well after the time that normal people had gone to bed, but that didn't mean Sherlock would not mind a call this time around.
John felt like he was in heaven. But, however nice the kiss was, he soon found himself wanting more.
Being around John is nice and comfortable and, maybe, something he is not quite ready to say goodbye to.
His hands were loosely folded at the small of John's back. Their legs entwined in between the flattened grass and flowers they had gracelessly landed on as John's hands and right cheek were pressed against Sherlock's chest.
John's smile grows even wider and there's a twinkle in his eye now as he licks his lips. Sherlock can't keep his eyes of John's tongue and lips. In his head he tries to list all the Latin names of the muscles responsible for making such a gesture possible.
Sherlock looks at John from a safe distance. He stands hidden outside on the street behind the glare of the coffee-bar's window and in the shadow of the overhanging awning.
“Begging your pardon, Miss Huntington”, he says, “I don't suppose you have a piece of paper and something to write with that I could borrow?”
It is then that John notices the dark circles under his eyes. The tense line of his lips now that he is fully awake, his shoulders hunched up just a little bit too high as his head droops down dejectedly.....
Beneath John's feet still lay the remains of the shadow-creature but Mary doesn't seem to be able to see it. She only has eyes for him.
He means to sound lighthearted and turn it into a joke, but the words come out all bitter and cold. He doesn't mean to, but a part of him is mad.
Sherlock had protested that, during a thunderstorm, you should definitely not be near a large body of water or a large tree but the thunder and lightning had remained in the distance and had soon moved away entirely, leaving them with nothing but the rainstorm and a gloomy sky.
John wonders how Holmes' afternoon has been. From the looks of him he didn't seem to have enjoyed himself an awful lot....
“You are definitely pining”, Molly says, “I've seen you do it for an entire evening last Saturday so I know what it looks like,” she glances quickly towards the rugby-table but then focuses all of that concerned attention back at me, “did anything happen between  you and John?”
“Oh, it's alright”, the girls replies. Her voice nothing more than a conspiratorial whisper as she leans in close to the screen, “I wasn't sure before but I knew as soon as he saw you in that suit....the way he looked at you.......I have a brother......who's like....”that”. The pastor says it's a sin but I don't think it is. My brother is so lovely and nice.....and so is his....”friend”....they always bring me and my husband extra bread and meat because they know I don't make much money and neither does Jim....what with him having lost his leg in the war.”
Watson takes a step forward, over the threshold. He’s the same in most respects— short, compact, his calm exterior barely concealing a restless energy. A lit fuse ready to blow. The corners of his mouth twitch. “You bastard.”
He’s not wearing a vest, so Watson can see all the ivory expanses he’s imagined, the muscles moving under that porcelain surface. He’s thin, but sinewy. Though he doesn’t seem like the type of person who goes to the gym, the life he leads is an active one, and he’s obviously lean and very fit.
Before Watson can formulate a sensible answer, one that doesn’t sound like he was willingly assaulted by a sexy man who reminded him of Sherlock Holmes, the door downstairs bangs shut. Heavy feet pound up the stairs.
Molly’s daughter calls to tell him she’s died. She was ninety-three and passed away in her sleep. He comes up to London for the funeral.
And then, when he was in Japan filming adverts for a soft drink— Sherlock followed his schedule religiously— the news came that he’d died.
While he talks, I’m thinking about your Mind Palace. Maybe you’re still alive there, inside that place where you stored everything. Did you have a room for me? I guess there wasn’t so much about me to know. Not an entire room full of stuff. A drawer, maybe. I can’t imagine what you would store there. Maybe an index of my jumpers, which ones I wore on which occasions. Sometimes I used to wonder if you calculated which jumper I ought to wear on cases, depending on what crime was involved. I remember once you told me to change, that my jumper was putting you off.
My anger surges. “Did he? Is that why he made sure I could watch him kill himself?” Okay, that was cruel. I’m not in a very good frame of mind today. I’ve been sick, and not sleeping well, and having weird dreams that make me afraid to go to sleep because I’ll only miss him more.
“If you going to therapy to better yourself is the worst thing I’ll have to put up with, I think I can manage. Honestly, you put up with far worse from me.”
Soon John will come and take away his worldly possessions, find another bedsit to live in until he goes back to Mary. The woman is an idiot if she doesn’t take him back. Or maybe he’ll find another woman. That should take about a month. Then he’ll forget Sherlock.
He looks out at the dancers, trying to spot Matt or Christopher. He can see Sam over at the bar, talking to a big, ginger-haired bloke. He doesn’t see anyone else he knows.
Sherlock moves the suitcase from the landing into the bedroom and starts putting John’s clothes back where they belong. He’s going to buy John a really nice suit, he thinks, one that will make him look like walking sex. John will complain and refuse, but it’s the kind of thing that boyfriends do, buying gifts for each other. Making each other look good.
She kissed us both and went off to her kitchen grumbling, but there was a spring in her step that I had missed for months.
“Let me,” John says. He slides down, puts his head on Sherlock’s belly and takes him in his mouth. It’s good, but the mood has passed, and Sherlock realises that he’s softening as well. He lets John try for a while, and then pushes him off.
The Milford School was actually two schools, one for boys and one for girls. The only time the two groups met was Sunday, when we walked to the church for mass. There were about thirty boys in the school where I lived, all of them like me, I suppose— pale and thin, bereft of family or friends, with no other way in the world. Our studies consisted of simple skills— reading, writing, arithmetic— and long sessions of reading the Bible. The goal, I suppose, was to prepare us for some kind of humble employment— clerk, tradesman, tutor.
“That is also a crime. Consider this, Watson. To burgle the house of a blackmailer is like laying siege to Troy. Indiscreet letters are his stock-in-trade. He doesn’t leave them lying on his desk. They are in a locked safe, inside a locked room, inside a house more carefully guarded than the Bank of England.”
He blushed down to his roots. “You’re right,” he said. “But people oft-times make mistakes when they can see no other choice. And going after a blackmailer will deter other blackmailers, which may profit future victims.”
As for Watson’s own thoughts— rather than experiencing glee at seeing Holmes insulted by Wilkes, he feels some sympathy for him, and was happy to see him put Wilkes in his place. A small voice whispers, just loud enough for his conscious brain to notice, asking whether Holmes might know something about being bullied. He was certainly an odd duck in school, the kind of person you might expect to be a target for boys like Wilkes and Trevor, at least until he opened his mouth. When he spoke, that entire crowd of obnoxious boys must have realised that Holmes not only refused to be a victim, but could easily make their lives miserable in return for any attempts to single him out.
At this point Watson became intent on finding the treasure, whether because of boyish enthusiasm about such things, or because he envisioned himself presenting her with the treasure and her happy reception of it.
As the first flakes of snow swirled in the streets, I felt that we had come back to the place I’d missed. Watson still had pain in his leg and shoulder, but he is not one to indulge in self-pity (unlike me), and I made sure that he ate well and got plenty of air. We walked every day, pushing his abilities, and he joked that he hadn’t trained so hard since he was in the army. I assured him that it was for his own good.
Now, he fears they’ve entered a new era. Three weeks have passed since the accident. A quiet John Watson sits in his chair and stares into space. He doesn’t turn on the telly or ask for anything. Every few hours, he heaves himself out of the chair and goes to the loo. Then he comes back, lies on the sofa and takes another nap. He wakes, drinks his tea, and stares.
The entire reason John discovered his repressed sexuality was that Mary discarded him. To be rejected by a woman he’d devoted himself to, in spite of difficulties, shook him deeply. He lost everything— wife, family, career, health. He had no choice but to start from scratch. That was where Sherlock had found him.
Then he’s flying again, and it’s loud and there are lights in his face and he thinks he might be sick.
After they’ve ducked under the yellow tape, John can feel the waves of animosity coming off of these police officers, a chilly aura of disdain as soon as they enter the crime scene.
The Priory School was where he honed his alertness. He was surrounded by boys who seemed posher than anyone he’d known. In retrospect, he supposes that many of them were middle-class, not rich, but they were different in every way from the boys he grew up with, who knew that regardless of what allegiances they had to certain neighbourhoods or groups of kids, they were all the same.
Sherlock doesn’t love him. He never has. He hates feeling attachment to someone like John. He doesn’t do relationships.
Saying nothing, he sets the cup of tea down next to John, letting his hand linger there for a moment so John will notice.
John was silent. He might have been thinking about what an insufferable prat his flatmate was. Or he might have been afraid to open his mouth. Because:
Donovan looks at John and back at Sherlock and smirks. “Right.” She speaks into her radio. “Freak’s here, with his
Milverton lived in a large, gloomy-looking brick house right off Heath Street. I rang at the trade entrance and met the housemaid, a marginally pretty woman named Agatha. By the time I’d fixed the pipe, I’d arranged to walk out with her that evening.
He’s a man with many acquaintances, mates who will have a pint with him if he calls, people who send him Christmas cards. But not many real friends. Even Mike Stamford was never that, back when they were students. They sat next to each other in class and talked. Med school was too gruelling for friendships. In the army, there were people he was close to, but he’s lost touch with most of them; only a couple live in London.
The small art gallery was called Hands, its sign featuring the handprint of a child. On display were wall art, table art, hand-painted figurines, some tapestries, and an assortment of jewellery. He wasn’t especially fond of contemporary art, and the collection of collages he saw on entering did not impress him. Walking up and down the narrow space, he examined the offerings, trying to imagine people making money from such rubbish.
“We don’t have the murder weapon,” Lestrade admitted. “When the sun comes up, we’ll search the grounds.”
“Just a bit,” she repeats. “I’ll bring in some food for you too. You need to eat something, John. You can’t go on this way…” She presses a handkerchief to her nose and sniffs. Her eyes are red and teary, her voice tremulous.
On the shore he stands looking across the water. France is there, though you can’t see that shoreline from here. He’s been to Dover, where you can see Calais on a clear day, and remembers standing on the other side once, with Watson. That was a long time ago, before the Romans invaded and started naming things. Watson had looked at England and said,
“He said he’d fix me up with someone his wife knows.” He has no idea why he says this; there’s no possibility that he’ll follow through. Maybe he’s just trying to sound less desperate.
After Small had told us his tragic backstory and a long version of events, Inspector Jones allowed Watson to take the strong box to Miss Morstan. Though the box itself was heavy, there was no guarantee that its weight meant the treasure was inside. I certainly hoped it was.
The wall behind me was not marred; Milverton’s shot had gone wild, into the woodwork near the ceiling.
John does, stroking the opening gently. He begins sliding his finger into Sherlock. They’re pressed up against each other now, a most intimate embrace. He moans, and pulls John closer. As he does, he realises that John has lost his erection.
Gregson smirked. “Not my problem.” He stood and moved towards the door. “Good luck with that, mate.”
He waves this off. Not a possibility he’s ready to consider. “We went to school together, a long time ago.”
John gave a profound sigh. “We don’t really get along, but she thinks she ought to protect me. She knew how I felt about you and decided that you had rejected me. And then she just got stuck on you as the reason everything happened— why I was depressed, why my relationships failed, why I was cracking up.”
I had already read books about birds and flowers, and a book about the history of Yorkshire. There were no storybooks there, however, so I made do with these, and invented my own stories.
“Rosamund is in her room,” she says. “As always. I’m going out— a meeting with my agent. There’s leftovers in the fridge, or you can order something. I’ve left the car keys by the door if you want to go out. Rosamund will probably refuse to eat; that’s her latest control tactic.”
— this is why I hate you!” Once he’s gotten this out, he’s panting a bit. It feels like his head is about to explode.
I’ve never been satisfied with the plot— the mysterious veiled woman as the murderer, the coincidence of Holmes and Watson burgling the safe in the very room where the murder is committed. The irony of Lestrade coming to Holmes for help in solving it is delicious, but the whole story sounds dodgy.
She laughed. “Do not feel disappointed. You did very well. You took me in completely until the alarm. When I realised it was fake, I knew at once that I’d betrayed myself. I knew of you, naturally, and had been warned that he might hire you to get it back. You are quite a fine actor, Mr Holmes.” She handed me an envelope. “This is for you. You may give it to
He stays up, though he doesn’t have any particular case dogging him. Voicing his thoughts when he was angry might not have been the best strategy. He might have just kept his mouth shut and let things work themselves out.
Watson drew a breath. “It’s my life, Holmes. I do not want a wife or children. I am content to remain with you, as I have said before. It is my only wish to be your partner, in every way.” He cast a sharp look at me. “Perhaps you’re tired of me, though; the first signs of crow’s feet are making you look for a younger man.”
I made my silent way into the hall and regarded the grand stairway leading to the first floor. I knew that there was another set of stairs in the back of the house, going up from the kitchen. If any of the servants were coming down to check on something, they would use those stairs, so I crept back towards the kitchen and listened there as well. It was then that I heard a footsteps upstairs, probably on the landing.
That night I have a dream about her. It’s not the kind of dream you’d expect. In my dream, we’re in a restaurant, having dinner. I don’t know why I would dream this; I haven’t dated anyone in years. We’re talking, and I’m trying to explain something to her, but then I notice a box on the table. It’s a ring box, and I’m supposed to propose to her. When I realise this, I feel uneasy. I want to leave, but the waiter is there, asking me about wine.
Sherlock forgets about Anderson and Donovan and Lestrade. John is here, and that’s all that matters. He’s alive; he wants them to do this. He wants Sherlock to have this because he understands what it means to him to do this work. It’s inappropriate to be excited about a murder, but John isn’t judging; he understands. Sherlock can feel all of this in the contact between them, John’s smaller, warmer hand holding his, calming him and reminding him what he needs to do.
Sherlock ignored him. “If he wanted to disappear, he wouldn’t use his real name, even if it is one of the most common names in England. It’s odd. I asked the Transport people about him, and they had no drivers with the last name
Rolling over, he put his arms around me. “I will protect you, never fear. But what about you? You need to sleep as well.”
Gazing up at him, John held him close. “There were times when you didn’t seem at all human, but let me tell you this: you are the most human of any being I’ve known.”
“I’m not a child, Mycroft. I will figure it out. John and I will be fine. Thank you for your advice. Now, leave.”
“I’m bisexual,” Lestrade says. “Always knew, I guess, but when Wendy left, I decided it was time to open up about it. Which is what John decided as well, when he was wounded and found out his wife was cheating. I know he told you that on your first date.”
“If he didn’t still love you, he wouldn’t have been so angry. Surprised, perhaps. He was angry because he was hurt. Only the people we love have the power to hurt us that much. The opposite of love isn’t hate, it’s indifference. Did he look indifferent to you?”
Jay smiles. “John, there isn’t a right or wrong way to be gay. You shouldn’t feel guilty if there are certain things you don’t want or aren’t comfortable doing or saying. What makes you believe this about yourself?”
When they reach the door of the classroom, everyone inside is silent, frozen in a horrifying tableau. Students have stood from their desks and backed against the walls. A few desks have been knocked over, books and papers strewn on the floor as if there was a scuffle. The teacher, a young man with glasses, is quietly pleading with a large, heavy boy who is holding a knife to the throat of another boy.
When he walks through the doors of the shop, his best guess is that he’s there to pick up an antique book describing early forensics methods. It will no doubt relate to some long-cold case, maybe the one he was debating with Lestrade last week. There is hardly a murder committed over the last hundred years that Sherlock has not studied. His website,
Other people saw what I saw. I remember there were people crowding around, trying to pull me away. Maybe not all of them were so traumatised by the sight.
“You— but, you had a ring… you were all ready to ask her.. and… I ruined it. You were too humiliated to ask her, and she didn’t press you… and you… changed your mind?”
Sherlock interrupted. “A question, Molly. Why do there have to be twins? And why do we need this level of detail about them, when they play no part in the story?”
was more accurate, maybe. But home, where they sat in careful chairs and drank tea and didn’t talk about this, was not the answer.
secret,” he said. “Which is why it’s all over the tabloids, the fan forums, etc. Why Baz? I don’t see the character as inclined to romance at all. He’s just not interested.”
“As it happens,” Miss Garvey said, “this book is my own.” She nodded at me. “You may borrow it, William, for as long as you wish.”
He wouldn’t tell anyone. That was the very least he could do for John now, allow him the anonymity he wanted. There wouldn’t be any pub nights or emails or Christmas cards. They would go on being strangers, as they had always been. He was angry, but knew John must have had his reasons. Though frustrated that he hadn’t solved the puzzle of his disappearance, he was glad John was alive.
A traffic jam is forming around us as people reach for milk. Together, we step in front of the yoghurt.
“This is the boy I told you about, Mr Grimshaw,” my aunt said. “I think he might benefit from your school.”
“Are we partners, Holmes? I ask because very often it seems that you regard me as an employee, an errand boy, a clerk. I demanded full partnership with you, and you agreed. I am aware that you have specialised knowledge that gives you an advantage in many areas, but why will you not trust me to learn? Why did you agree to have me as your partner, if you do not trust me?”
It began as something outside of me. I knew my own thoughts; this was something external. Even now, years after these events, I still can feel the deep chill that came upon me. It did not descend; rather it seemed to surround me like a mist coming from below. I have had the experience of chasing a dog into the woods and suddenly finding myself lost in a grey, penetrating fog, the movements of unseen things muffled as in cotton wool.
My punishment was as follows: my hands were whipped with a switch and then I was stood on a chair, where I remained all afternoon. As the other boys sat with their groups or walked across the room, they gazed up at me. Their expressions said that they were glad I was standing there and they were not. It was mostly chance that I had been singled out; the possibility of being punished made them feel not pity for me, but a mean sort of elation. Because I had said things that deserved punishment, they would not be singled out. As all weak people do, they despised those who are strong.
“Yeah, I heard that. Don’t need friends, married to your work, love is a defect. But what if you meet someone you enjoy being with, someone who completes you as a person—“
Time meant less to me. I may have slept during the afternoon, drifting off as I was thinking, and when I opened my eyes, it was sometimes hard to tell if I was awake or asleep. It didn’t matter; I would get where I was going eventually.
He stands in front of the door for a moment. Inside, a spring squeaks. Lying in bed, then. He knocks.
There is a silence, in which John imagines her refilling her glass. “So, what’s bothering you, little brother?”
Michael returns with two glasses, hands one to him. It’s not what he was drinking; it has a wedge of blood orange on a spear.
They pay for my services just the same as my humblest client, and will receive the same level of attention.
There’s music, but it’s not so deafening that they can’t hear each other. Sam is also a doctor-in-training, same specialisation as Christopher, which explains how they all met.
“Nothing personal. I picked you out that night, and failed. I’m just fixing my mistakes, doing it right this time.” He rummages in his bag. “In case you’re interested, I’ll explain how I’m going to kill you. You’re a doctor, so you might appreciate knowing. It’s not simply
He must have given himself a concussion, he decides when he’s finally conscious again. His head feels like it’s been split open. Maybe he’ll open his eyes again, someday. For now, it’s better to just lie here and pretend he’s dead. He can do that for a while. It’s not the worst thing that’s happened to him, probably. There was the time he was shot and came pretty close to dying. That hurt a lot more, but he was on drugs for worst of it. This ranks pretty high on his tally of bad things that can happen.
“You’re lucky to be alive,” a voice says. For a moment he thinks it’s Moriarty. He hopes. But it’s just Lestrade. “Shouldn’t have gone in by yourself. You’re lucky.”
The new manager was someone he had chosen himself. By that time, John must have been confident enough to make the decision to fire the old one and select someone who suited him better. This was a positive move, perhaps, the move of a man taking control of his life, not a desperate man. It argued against suicide.
When he’d finished giving Lestrade his deductions, he took John’s hand, winked at him and said, “We’d better hurry or we’ll be late.”
“You mean you and one of those women,” he replied. “The experiment is flawed, as I have not the correct proportions.”
“In chemistry class. You made fun of me because I was failing and told me to come to your room if I wanted help. You helped other people cheat. I was just wondering if you would have done the same for me.”
John’s been away since Friday. Sherlock has not been bored. He has a case to solve. Not a murder, but the case of the Slowly Disappearing Flatmate. Or maybe The Flatmate Who is Hiding Something.
She lays a hand on his arm. “Sherlock, it was one date. Fifty percent of all blind dates are disasters.”
“What are you afraid of, Sherlock?” Her voice is soft now, not accusing. “I just want to understand.”
Bread arrives at the table. John eagerly takes a piece. Sherlock passes him the butter. He applies it liberally and takes a bite.
“A big boy like you ought to be able to dress himself, Master William,” she said. “And why must your curls be so wild? If only they would lie in ringlets, I’m sure you would look almost agreeable.”
I imagine this for a while, but I can’t keep it up for long. I know where you really are; you’re not coming back.
Lestrade nodded. “Yes, Mr Holmes, we all know who Mr Milverton was. Don’t think we haven’t been looking for something to pin on him. He’s a clever one—
He rolls his eyes. “Oh, please. Anyone with half a brain and the right software can create a convincing marriage license. I have a guy who does it for me.”
“I was just trying to be considerate,” Holmes replies curtly. “Most people like having supper before it’s late.”
that was acceptable to him, so he went. When he got out, he auditioned for and won several small roles in movies that were critically acclaimed, if not box-office hits, which led to some television appearances. He grew into his looks and his career appeared to be moving forward. Mike called him then, with a role he called
“Statistically, there are any number of individuals who could be well-matched with a given person. If you consider age, personality type, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, there are probably dozens of men in London who would…” He stops. “I’m not being helpful, am I?”
He leaned toward me, pinning my arms, and ground down on me. For a moment I felt a flutter of panic, a loss of control. I tried to pull my arms free, but my boy held me firmly. Though he never had before, he was strong enough to do this, to overpower me, if he wished. Realising this was unexpectedly arousing.
He waves his hand dismissively. “You live in a horrible, sterile bedsit. It’s a wonder it hasn’t killed your soul yet. Most likely, it already is killing it and you just haven’t noticed because you’re oblivious. If you weren’t labouring under some idiotic guilt complex because of the people you couldn’t save in Afghanistan, you would have already moved in with me. I have another bedroom, you know, upstairs. We’ll have to share a bath—“
“Look, I get it,” he said. “These two characters have evolved over several years now. In the first series, they were wary of each other, maybe a bit resentful. That began to thaw towards the end of the first year, and in the second series they built up some trust. Now I think it’s clear that they respect one another, and realise that their relationship is more than just professional. They’ve shared personal stuff, and that has brought them closer. If some fans want to interpret that as romantic… tension… Well, Sherlock and I don’t write the stories. We just follow the script.”
And as all words fled from Sherlock’s brain, John stepped up, put his arms around him, and kissed him.
“Hard-headed, as well. You knocked a murderer unconscious with your own skull, while bound with duct tape.”
“Be reasonable, Sherlock.” He settled his bulk in Watson’s chair. “You are rebelling simply because that is what you do whenever our mother wishes something. In this case, I think she is right. No one expects you to love the girl. Marriage is simply a means to an end.”
It’s not crowded in the cafe because it’s early for lunch. Since he slept through breakfast, this is ideal. He takes a corner table, where he can watch the entrance while enjoying his meal.
Realising that I was going to have to work my game quickly, I said, “Two pairs of shoes. “One pair, soft-soled boots, eleven and a half. The other, rubber-soled tennis shoes, size eight. Size eights never made it over the fence.” I stood. “Shall we return to Scotland Yard now?”
His new life was physical therapy twice a week, talk therapy once a week, and little money to do much else. After three weeks, he was certain that he was going mad.
“Come here, you romantic seductor… deductor... deducer…,” John says, grabbing his dressing gown. “I deduce that you are seducing me.”
“Revision, fine,” Sherlock said, his suppressed irritation finally rising to the surface, shattering any pretence of civility. “But most of these problems could have been avoided if only the writer had collaborated with her fellow actors, trusting us to help! I see no point in going any further, not until some significant revisions are made.”
“No, Sherlock. You’re not going to go off on him. No tantrums, no strops, no insults. You’re going to let me handle him.”
Lestrade grimaced. “I don’t know about you, mate, but I’m going to smile, grit my teeth, and pick up my check when it’s over.”
He supposes this is true, but it doesn’t really help. He’s got a scar that tells his troubles much better than any blog post could, discharge papers that tell the rest of that story: invalided out; hand tremors, death to his surgical career. He lives on a tiny pension (barely). He’s estranged from his alcoholic sister (recently divorced). And then there’s the gun that sits in his drawer, reminding him that there is a quick and easy way out of this hell.
A copy of the death certificate filed in Japan might be obtained; he might also see if a consular report was filed in the UK. These would not likely tell him much, but he made a note to email the consulate.
He smiles sadly at Holmes. “True. You’ve always loved solving puzzles. I just wish— you hold yourself aloof, Holmes. Yes, you’ve done good things, brought justice. But what about
As summer passed its peak, the weather remained doggedly infernal and unpleasant. The air in the city was heavy, humid, and stagnant, making it a difficult choice as to whether one might find more relief in walking in the park or remaining at home with the windows open, stripped down to a state of near indecency. I had no energy; reasoning that the effort required to dress was not worth a walk in the park, I remained in my rooms, grateful even for the inadequate ventilation provided by the electric fan I’d purchased. The hot air circulated, and I drank lemonade. I smoked, but did not drink or take any other substances. I had promised him, and considered it a promise that went beyond the grave. At Reichenbach I might easily have died, but instead I had lived. I would honour my promise as long as I had breath in me.
Sherlock nodded. “Baz has never had a partner, so when I heard he might be getting a romantic interest, I was not enthusiastic. I argued against it. Irene Adler had been hired to write it, and she was the one who told me. She convinced me that it could be a good story line without ruining the dynamic between Baz and Gavin. John’s going to be playing Ian MacLeod, a doctor who’s taken the position of medical examiner and works with the Yard. It will be contentious at first, as all Baz’s relationships are, but eventually they will be partners. Lovers, I mean. The series will run for two more years at least, and we both have contracts for that long.”
When did Harry become so responsible? Not drinking, holding a job, paying her mortgage. She’s been sober for six months now, since he came back. This time seems different. Well, she has six years on him. Maybe he’ll grow up someday too.
I’d been foolish to say what I thought out loud, but I had expected, if not warmth, at least some kind of welcome. I was six years old and no one had ever grabbed my ear or locked me in a room.
“Well, in any case, you must agree: there can be no proof unless you attend the wedding and make your own observations. I will respond to Murray, saying we will both be present. And I will send them a gift from us.”
“Do you see?” I said, dusting the surface of a glass with the small brush. “A fine powder reveals the fingerprints. Because every person has a unique print, it is possible to determine whether a suspect was present at the scene.”
“That’s the point. We’re actors— gay, straight, bi, whatever. It doesn’t matter who we are, we play a role.”
John was alive. He was bitter and angry, and wanted to be left alone. He didn’t care that people had grieved. He didn’t love Sherlock. That had been a long-shot anyway.
Mycroft may have felt robbed of his rightful cake, but Sherlock didn’t get off scot-free. His punishment was no cake for a week. He pretended to be sad, but it wasn’t really a hardship. Sherlock
Still, he will see Rosie and spend time with her, and maybe begin to make up for the years he was gone. And maybe it will be good for him and Sherlock to have a breather.
, I meant—“ He sighs and looks at his shoes again. “I realised I couldn’t marry her. If you hadn’t appeared, I’d be looking at venues now, and making a guest list, tasting cakes… But you were there, alive, looking like an idiot, and I knew I couldn’t ask Mary to be my wife.”
there’s always that option for next time. He will arrive early tonight so he can observe the man as he approaches the table.
“You wish you hadn’t spent years hating me.” He kisses John’s forehead. “If it makes you feel any better, hate isn’t the opposite of love. Indifference is the absence of either, and therefore the opposite of both. Love and hate are strong emotions which can exist simultaneously.
Watson stood at the window watching her depart, his shoulders tense, his whole attitude radiating displeasure.
The following day, we took a cab to Irene Adler’s house. I knew her habits well enough to predict that she would be out on her daily drive. I sent Watson around to the kitchen door, where he was to pretend to be delivering a package. Having worked as a delivery boy at one point, he was certain that he could charm his way inside and keep the women spellbound long enough for me to slip through the garden doors, go into the drawing room, and nab the portrait from its hiding place.
When he was sixteen, he wanted to be a doctor, an improbable achievement for someone of his background. He had no idea how hard it would be, no idea that he’d almost die, that he’d find himself back in London, struggling to start over. At sixteen, he was sure that he could do whatever it would take to succeed.
had published her youthful indiscretions to the whole of London. It would ruin her. It is my duty to protect my client.”
And it came to him. Mary was balm for his wounds. She brought him back from the edge. He is grateful to her. But gratitude isn’t love. Being in such pain for so long, and then a bit of light— that isn’t love, it’s relief. He’s seen patients in physical pain almost become high when given a dose of something that takes their agony away, not even enough to make them high. Relief feels like intoxication when pain has gone on so long.
“Disagreement is normal,” Jay says. “Arguing is normal. And getting angry happens. Physical violence is not normal.”
at least a dozen times a day. And he’ll get to see that rare smile, when the puzzle is solved, and maybe Watson deserves a small portion of the credit.
“When I’ve got it down to a few, we’ll screen-test them with you. I will certainly consider your feelings about it.”
“I thought… I didn’t deserve to see you, after treating you so badly that night.” He sighs. “Mycroft picked me up when I was on my way home from work the next day. He told me what you’d done, saving my life while risking your own. And he said I was to keep my distance from you. I couldn’t argue with him; he was right. After wishing you weren’t dead for nearly two years, my prayer was answered, and instead of doing what I’d always wished I’d done, I hit you. Repeatedly. He’s right; I’m not fit to be your friend.”
“You might have asked me to come to you,” I said when he’d had a drink of water, “rather than putting yourself through this misery.”
Matt nods. “That’s the nature of roofies. Christopher says that it gives you amnesia. Do you remember anything at all about what happened?”
On this particular day, she had set Edwin to copying the page he had just stumbled through, and it was my turn. I read all the words on the page with ease.
Fortunately Sherlock wouldn’t have to wear an alien spacesuit. In every episode but the first and last ones, he’d dressed like a normal boy of the late nineties— flannel shirts, t-shirts, jumpers, and jeans. As Baz Culpeper, he always wore a suit, usually topped by a long coat. The
As the last stragglers disembarked, I searched frantically, worried that he might have had to get off at an earlier port, in Spain or France. He’d implied in his letter to Mycroft that he was in danger. I did not like to think about that.
Lestrade was there. He grieved, showed genuine sorrow for him as a colleague he’d respected and liked, even when Sherlock was exasperatingly difficult to work with. They never went out for pints or sent each other Christmas cards, but yeah, I think he liked Sherlock.
Well, they never said it, but you could see it in their eyes. So I decided to be unique, avoid comparisons. The one and only Sherlock.”
“You have become a respectable gentleman, John. I didn’t want all of that to be thrown away. How would you ever go into practice?”
Molly visits him about once a year, usually as autumn is coming to the downs, colouring the landscape yellow and russet. He makes tea; they sit and talk. She tells him about her ordinary life, and he listens. Later they walk to the shore, where they can see the chalk cliffs.
Did you have a room for yourself? I wonder if that’s where you are now. Maybe you’ll get lonely in there, without me. Not that I’m stimulating company, but you seemed to like having me around. Well, sometimes you didn’t notice when I was gone, so I guess you could just talk to Mind Palace John. I bet he never yells at you. Never calls you a
We stopped at Simpson’s for a late supper. Feeling that I could not eat much, I asked for a simple omelette. I found myself struggling through the meal, trying to maintain a pleasant demeanour, until coffee and pudding were brought round.
My brother frowned at me. “Still the tyrant, I see. You ought to treat your partner with more consideration.”
One afternoon when Sherlock is at the morgue, doing something with a corpse that Molly has saved for him, he rings the house number and his daughter answers.
When the scarlatina came upon the school, the two sleeping areas were repurposed, one as an infirmary, the other as a dormitory for the healthy boys. When Victor became ill, he was moved to the other room. Several nights later, I woke to see him looking down at me. Dressed in his night gown, he was luminous, and I could feel the cold wafting from his body.
I am a selfish man. I write this letter because I do not want you to think badly of me. I cannot demand your attention, but I ask for it nonetheless. There are things I should have said long ago.
He smiles grimly. The John Watson Smile of Danger. “Deduce it, Sherlock. Only two people involved. She didn’t break it off. I did.”
movie or reboot the series?” He gave a short laugh. “I don’t think so. What I feel really is nobody’s business.”
He sleeps poorly, occasionally waking and listening. He could simply get out of bed, go into the sitting room and ask him what’s on his mind. It’s exhausting, really, just thinking about this, not knowing.
Lestrade shrugged. “You’re right. There are a lot of factors that go into casting, and talent isn’t always the one that tips the balance. I’m willing to bet that whoever they go with will be someone far inferior to you, in terms of skills. What I don’t get is this: why don’t you just
He was still processing Harry’s words when his phone began to ring. He slid into the cab that had just pulled up and answered.
John has had roommates— at boarding school, at uni, during med school, and in the army, where he had quite a few people to share space with. But he isn’t sure about this. He knows he’s a prickly person, reticent and occasionally resentful. To be honest, he has a temper. Now he has this shoulder to deal with, and this leg that for some reason has decided to join the body rebellion. His body is not old enough for a full-scale revolt, but physiotherapy has done all it can to fix him, and it isn’t enough.
Holmes.” His voice shook. “You have demanded my loyalty, and I have given it. We are partners, which means a loyalty that goes both ways.” He scrubbed an angry fist at his eyes, which had begun to shed tears. “I have been faithful. Is it too much for me to expect the same from you?”
“I’ll leave out the part where you bullied Lestrade and Gregson into believing in an imaginary murderer.”
John made another sound, this one something like a gasp. His mouth moved wordlessly for a few seconds, and then he said, “Oh, God.”
If it is possible, he will have to be himself this time. There is no point in pursuing a relationship, either as flatmate or something more, with someone who doesn’t know what he’s really like. That is the purpose of dating, Molly says, to get to know a person before you decide it’s a relationship.
“What if they make you a granddad?” I said this because if a person didn’t know John, they might think he was preparing for that role. Though he has the sexiest body you can imagine, he buys his clothes at Ye Old Pensioner’s Shoppe. Corduroys and cardigans. He refuses to cheat on the Sunday crossword. And he can’t figure out technology. When he starts carrying humbugs in his pockets and telling awful jokes, I’ll know he’s ready.
“You are losing your hair,” she replied. “And you have grown quite obese. Indeed, I have not wasted even a moment thinking about your future. You are cunning as a cat, and will always land feet-first. I have no doubt that your habits of spending have been tediously frugal.” She turned to glare at me. “Sherlock may wish to reconsider his choices, however.”
“You want to know why you don’t die?” He puts a piece of apple in his mouth and chews it, thoughtful. “Why should I tell you?”
He will take John home to meet Mummy and Daddy, and they will love him. He and John will sleep in the room with the wallpaper, and Sherlock will show him all his collections— bones and bugs and fossils.
Holmes falls in slow motion. By the time his reputation is in tatters, he has nothing more to lose. No puzzles, no friends, no Watson.
“Ah, but you write divinely, Doctor! You make it all come to life, as if one were there, witnessing the events. Mr Poe may have invented the detective story, but you are popularising the genre. I’m sure I don’t know how you find the time to write, what with Mr Holmes keeping you so busy all the time. You certainly have made a name for yourself.”
On that journey, he found no one like himself, but he did meet a few who attempted to answer his question. In Tibet, he had a conversation with a Buddhist who believed in reincarnation.
Here is something he understands about relationships: contact must be negotiated, and it’s not always equal. When he lived with Mary, she used to call him all the time with little requests, never anything important, but if he didn’t reply, she would call the hospital info number and demand to talk to him. It was her way of keeping tabs on him, reminding him what he owed her. John rarely called her because he never had anything to ask. If she didn’t return his calls, he never worried.
. And there isn’t any point in arguing with social niceties, either, even when they serve no purpose. A man willing to go on a blind date must have issues. He is aware of his own issues. This man he’s going to meet, John Watson, must have issues as well. He is either unable to find his own dates, or he’s on the rebound from a relationship, divorced, separated, something. He’s out of the game, like Sherlock, and his friends— Lestrade, Molly, and Mike Stamford— have decided that he needs someone in his life.
Something is vibrating. He can feel it in his arse. No, it’s his thigh. His pocket. Ah, his mobile phone.
My mind, so good at spinning out the worst possibilities, supplies the possibility that Mycroft will be the one sitting across from me, and that he will tell me bad news, that something has happened, unanticipated and unfortunate. He doesn’t want a scene, and has picked this restaurant and a private space to share that news with me.
John doesn’t complain. Mostly he sleeps, but when they bring him orange jelly and soft-cooked eggs, he eats them without comment. He doesn’t remark when Sherlock repeats his deductions or complains about the tea. It’s a bit worrying, but he’s still healing, Sherlock reminds himself. Soon he’ll be his usual grouchy self again. Doctors are terrible patients, and John is no exception. Sherlock looks forward to it.
“What do you think it’s like?” he whispers in Watson’s ear. All the senses are shut down, so he won’t hear. Maybe Holmes will ask him again when he wakes. “Is it like this, but without waking?” He thinks it must be, but can’t be sure. Every culture has stories of an afterlife, but that might simply be a way to make Death softer, less final. Humans have an endless capacity for self-deception.
He wants to live here. And he is not averse to living here with another person, but finding that person is likely to be more challenging than finding a life partner, someone who
By the time I heard John opening the front door, I had heard the entire story of the fight, which was dramatic, but not very interesting. And I had learned that John had more daughters that he hadn’t known about. Every one of the seven had blond hair and some Watsonish feature or other. His nose, his smile, his dimples, his small, capable hands.
?” His voice rises in a yelp as he says this. He resumes carding through his curls. “For god’s sake— you’re an army doctor! You’ve been to war, seen how vicious men are— did being a BAMF save you in Afghanistan?”
“Good timing,” John says. “I’m assuming you’ve been meddling a bit to make sure they arrived together tonight.”
When he swung himself into the back seat of the second cab, he automatically looked at the cabbie and checked his badge.
.” He’s not sure how he’s managed to pull these syllables out of his brain, but there they are. It’s like a magic trick, only the magician is completely pissed.
“But you might want someone else to warm your bed. A younger man, one who can recite poetry to you and discuss music and math and philosophy and—”
“How you put words in my mouth, Watson! I may have suggested to the lady that the clock was ticking, that is all. It is true that my intelligence surpasses hers, but that is true for almost every one I meet, not women only.”
The second thing of note happened after I’d been there for three years. Each winter, and again in spring, as the early thaw began, sickness came upon the school. Influenza was usual, but there were more fearsome illnesses that would take a few lives. I was never very ill during these times, but saw children in my group die.
Watson smiled and held out his hand, bowing as he did. “I am very honoured to meet you, Mrs Holmes.”
They walk together, and Holmes doesn’t speak. As they approach the door of the dormitory, Watson asks, “What’s the plan for today?”
And then there was John, trying to figure out a new life. A handsome man, a disappointed man. A soldier, a doctor. A man who hadn’t flinched at anything Sherlock showed him, who hadn’t hesitated to kill to protect Sherlock. He is unprecedented, the exception to Sherlock’s disdain of romance.
“What— what are you doing here?” He leaned the bat against the wall. “Never mind, I already know. You recognised me that night when you rode in my cab. I don’t know how, but you did. And you just have to be right, don’t you, and prove you’re a fucking genius? Christ.”
I remember the pills Mike gave me. Digging through the drawers in the loo, I find the bottle. The herbal thing. It seemed to help before. There were no side-effects that I remember, other than the weird dream. That could have been coincidence, my grieving mind wanting some confirmation that Sherlock was alive.
“I think it’s time to call your mother,” I said, scrolling through the contacts. “Ah, here’s someone called
“Afghanistan,” he snaps, his patience fraying like a rope that’s only going to keep him suspended long enough to glimpse the chasm beneath him. “And I didn’t invade it. I was stationed there.”
“We’ll see. Whatever you want, I’ll support you.” He stood behind, putting his hands on John’s waist. “I hate what he did to you.”
“Yeah, he’s got to keep himself busy,” Greg agrees. “When he’s bored, he’s a right pain in the arse.”
John considers himself straight. One day he will meet a woman and marry her. Sherlock knows this because that’s what people do.
The kettle clicked off, giving Sherlock a few moments to assess the offer while he made the tea. He returned to the sitting room with two mugs, setting one on the table next to Anderson.
had a large enough following that he generally avoided public transport. Overall, being Baz Culpeper had boosted his career, though. It was much better for fans to mimic his characteristic click-wink than to give the high-pitched alien laugh of Alex Tribble when they saw him.
The day they met is one day like that. Part of what makes him want to cry when he thinks of that day is that he
It’s been years, and he is surprised at how much it still hurts. Realising that he’s staring, he clears his throat, shuffles his feet, and mumbles something about an appointment he’s forgotten.
“Why not? I happen to like yours a lot,” Sherlock said, licking confectioner’s sugar from his lips. “Yours are very shapely. Taut, muscular.”
“You’ll bring him by, won’t you?” She smiles, and I’m happy for us both. She loves Sherlock like a son, and has always hoped we would be together. We’ll tell her tomorrow.
“Golden,” countered John. “I’ve got our golden anniversary planned. That’s fifty years, right? We’re going to Antarctica.”
“You said last time.” She leans back, a little less threatening, but doesn’t smile. “Have you taken any steps to do that?”
John struggles with the side of himself that loves Sherlock. He stumbles over introductions, preferring words like
Well, it is rejection. There is nothing of him in this house. None of his memories can be found here— Rosie crawling across the old carpet, pulling herself up on the tacky green sofa with the busted springs, banging her toys on the table. Everything is in shades of grey, sterile and lifeless. It’s hard to imagine people actually having a cup of tea, watching telly, or reading a book in these rooms.
. Sherlock had no family photos in his own flat. People don’t always like their families enough to want to look at their smiling faces each day.
. I’m trying to figure out what that means, talking to Dr Eccles and going to the group, and I hope I’ll do better. That I won’t disappoint you. I just want you to know. I should have told you sooner, but apparently I’m rubbish at talking, too. Can you put up with me?”
The moon was traveling behind the trees, and I knew that morning would come soon. Lying there on the ground, John’s bones beneath me, I fell asleep.
He arranges to meet Matt and his friends at nine, takes a cab to avoid taxing his leg. It’s embarrassing to need a cane to walk, but he puts it out of his head. He’s not trying to seduce anyone. He’s just getting acquainted, getting used to the idea of having gay friends, maybe even being gay himself.
The train goes under a small overpass. I see shadows flit across your face for a moment and then we’re back to the overcast sky, the endless landscape. Your face is likewise shifting, emotions passing over your features. You’re staring out the window, composing yourself. Finally you sigh. “John.”
Sherlock paused on the path, waiting for John to catch up. It wasn’t his shorter legs that were slowing John down. It was the ghosts.
His arrival is greeted with cheers. Daniel and Sam are here, along with a couple of other people who might have been at the bar that night. Christopher is sashaying around in a shimmering jump suit, and Matt wears a long, fringed vest and a Tom Selleck moustache.
At Greenwood Hall, seven children and four adults died. Six of these were servants, including the children’s nurse, the housemaid, and the cook. Many more were too ill to work. In surrounding houses, it was much the same. Children were highly susceptible, but adults were taken as well. Because so many died so quickly, they used the Red Room, the largest of the bedrooms, as a makeshift morgue. The master’s children were among the first to die; I’d seen the small cemetery where they were laid. After those deaths, more fell ill as the disease was shared among the servants. Bodies were laid on the beds, and then on the floor when there was no room on the beds. Eventually, those who died were buried somewhere on the land, Bessie had said.
child, the shine has worn off that experience, and the idea of having twins would horrify them. A child, yes. But twins, never. And the names— really? They’re not Alex’s children, they belong to the mythical Tom, who happens to look a bit like Alex.”
“Erm… you don’t actually have a slide there. In case you were wondering why it won’t focus.” She giggles. “Something on your mind?”
We sit in silence for a while. She’s put her notebook aside, and is just waiting. She knows why I’m here, but wants me to say it.
It’s early days, still. Too soon to worry. Instead of calling Doctor Gurung several times a day, he surfs the internet, continually checking what’s within the parameters of
you’ve forgotten just to annoy him. How can you forget the milk and remember an entire relationship with me that doesn’t exist?”
He’s lived without admiration for two years now, and he’s lived with John’s anger for a few weeks. He should have expected those things. And he shouldn’t be surprised that John has found a woman to marry. To be honest, he’s not. That was going to happen one day, no matter what. But he has to reevaluate what it will mean. He protects John; now he will have to protect Mary, too, and any children they have. John still needs occasional rescuing; Sherlock is there to pull him out of the bonfire.
If he’s honest with himself, he’s afraid that he’s broken. When did that happen? It didn’t start in Afghanistan, and it didn’t start at school.
He gave Stamford his best smile. “You may imagine breaking my arm if it makes you feel better about having to twist it behind my back.” Standing, he binned his cup. “And please don’t delude yourself. I’m still an arsehole.”
“He’ll be fine,” Mycroft replies. “Your concern should be for yourself. At this point there is nothing you can do about John Watson.”
As I walked from the train, I calculated how many more nights of wooing I could afford and how far I would have to advance this romance. She was not an ugly girl, but I am not moved by feminine beauty. Kissing could not be avoided, I decided.
“My dear, of course I agree,” I said all in a rush. “I promise I won’t lie to you again.” Tears welled up in my eyes. “Please. Don’t go away, John. I’ll keep you in my confidence. You have my word. Only — don’t leave me.”
“All the people I might introduce you to already know about us. I’ve been open with everyone I know.”
an undefined object that is merely a plot device, a MacGuffin if you will, but we must have some sort of explanation, however
But what if he found someone? What if there were a person who could put up with him, who wasn’t offended if he didn’t talk for days or mind if he played his violin at midnight?
“I told you, I have a stand-in. Yes, darling, I know all about James Moriarty. Once I figured out what he was planning, I decided that I’d better be prepared to lose him. And I’m not the only one who knows what he’s been up to.”
No one else was within sight, the house too far for anyone to spy what I was doing, and too late in the day for workmen to return. I was not accustomed to physical labour, but I would do this for John, who had come to me when I lay dying and promised to meet me when my time finally came.
“We don’t have a murderer.” Gregson sighed wearily. “A man shot dead right in his own home— we have to arrest someone!”
your date.” He hands them menus and smiles at John, nodding at Sherlock. “This man got me off a murder charge.”
“Oh, well.” His hands flutter nervously. “Actually, I’ve never faked a marriage before. Just IDs, letters of introduction, warrants. You’d be surprised the places you can get into with a fake ID stating you’re a trustee or on the board of directors. Those kind of credentials will open doors you didn’t even know existed. But you’re my first fake husband. Never thought I’d marry, but it’s going pretty well so far, wouldn’t you say?”
I felt my gut clench. Now Bellamy would begin to tell things best forgotten. Just as I opened my mouth to say something that would sound rude, Watson, perhaps sensing something of my mood,
When he padded into the bedroom, a towel wrapped around his waist, John was already tucked in, dozing. Dropping his towel, he slipped under the sheets beside him.
I used to nag at Sherlock because he didn’t like doing social things. He insisted he didn’t have friends, didn’t need them. That hurt. Maybe he noticed my expression and realised he’d hurt me, because then he said,
“I will resume my duties if you promise that you won’t lie to me or deliberately deceive me ever again. Stop running off and being a hero. Let me protect you sometimes.”
He looked around, a bit wild, then sank into a chair. “I have broken no law,” he said, sneering. “Any suit you bring against me will be dismissed.”
Mike is still watching me, wearing his kind and non-judgemental smile. Sometimes I forget what a good friend he is.
Does he? He understands that he’s going to move in with Sherlock. He’s going to follow him on cases, listen to him spouting off deductions, being rude to everyone, and solving every mystery, brilliantly. It will mean sleepless nights, stupid arguments, a messy flat, endless cups of tea, and a constant stream of snark. He’ll be called
“You were always my friend, Alex,” he went on. “My best friend. There’s never been anyone else. Just you. I don’t want you to leave again. Stay here, with me.” Stepping towards Sherlock, he took his hands. Small, warm hands holding his own freezing fingers, dark blue eyes staring into his.
being anything salacious she could dig up for her viewers. She drew the highest ratings in the genre, though, and interviews were hard to get. Mike had done well setting this up. Sherlock had turned down invitations to appear on
The long fingers are cooler than he expects. They trace the edges of the scar, the pale eyes seeming to see the bullet enter, travel through the shoulder, pulling flesh with it. One day it might fade to silver, smooth out, but now it is red, a physical map of the moment John almost died. The moment he lost whatever it was he thought he had.
“You will not find Greenwood as grand as it once was,” she told me. “The boundary no longer extends beyond the woods. Some of the trees died last winter and have had to be taken out. I’m having a greenhouse built there to make it less ugly.”
He remembered the boy who drowned, Carl Powers, and the mystery of his missing shoes. He remembered the crime scene he’d stumbled into when he still loved drugs, and how from the small details he’d been able to see what happened.
“I sent a letter to the last address I had several months ago, in Johannesburg. He has not responded.”
He uses his pocket knife to slit open the first box. A few textbooks from med school, a few notebooks. He sets it aside.
knows that he was right: John Watson is, in fact, gay. Out doing gay things with his gay friends. Well, this couldn’t have been a shocking epiphany for Sherlock Holmes; he predicted it years ago, and has probably never wondered if it was true. Now that he has confirmation, he won’t understand why Watson still hates him. Why hide it if it’s true?
Mike nodded. “Irene told us yesterday. Quite a shock, but— well, we’re all actors. Deception comes naturally to us.”
Instead of setting the book aside with a shudder, he opens it, curious at how difficult it will seem to him now that he’s got his medical license. Passing the course, just barely, taught him that he should not be embarrassed to seek help. If only he’d asked someone at Priory—
Standing suddenly, Sherlock begins to pace angrily. “I don’t want to have that talk. I’d just as soon cut to the part where you move out and I don’t have to watch your indecision dragging out the inevitable. It’s painful. Leave
He gives a put-upon sigh. “This conversation will lead to nothing good. I can say nothing to assuage your grief.”
Maybe he wouldn’t drug him at Baskerville again. Or pretend he didn’t know how to shut off the bomb. It’s the same impulse that resulted in him putting a mouse in the cake tin. And John did say sweet things. Sometimes it’s worth it.
My first attempts to interact with them drew no notice. They had no doubt learned to ignore the living, who remained unaware of the dead that thronged this place. We inhabited the same space, but different realms. But I could tell that they were drawn to me. They were cool; my warmth must have attracted them. They hovered like moths around a flame, pitiful things who had known no warmth or kindness in their short lives.
“Because you were going to medical school and actually needed to understand chemistry, unlike those other imbeciles. I wouldn’t have let you cheat. You might have been expelled if you had.”
“An idea, really, and the producers love it. She suggested that the episode be broadcast as a live performance. An event, you might say.”
My brother set down his cup and heaved himself up from the chair. “I believe that ship has already sailed, dear brother.” He cast a glance at Watson, who rose and brought him his coat, returning Watson’s deferential bow with a curt nod. “I will see you both tomorrow evening.”
He spent years in school, preparing for a career that he won’t have. He might be a GP, treating colds and rashes at a surgery. The idea of doing that after Afghanistan is depressing. Bombs used to drop around him while he operated on someone. Could he be truly excited to go to work each day in a clinic full of snotty noses?
She smiles. “I know you do. Jay Eccles, the therapist I’m recommending, also moderates a group for men who are just coming out as gay, many of them after marriages or relationships with women. These would be men close to your age, some older.”
“No,” I said before the words were out of his mouth. “I won’t give it up. You will not take away all of my vices.”
“I deduced incorrectly.” It’s a hard admission to make, but John deserves the truth. “I misconstrued your motives more than once and convinced myself that you would leave me.”
He’s scraping the last bit of icing from the plate. “Mycroft said you figured out. That it was a trick.”
He knew his own feelings, but wasn't sure about his new flatmate. Sherlock had already moved his things in, knowing there was just one bedroom. He'd been looking for a flatmate, which meant he intended to share the space.
“I know. I’m not blaming you. Or him, I guess… I know he had his reasons. I just wasn’t prepared…” He scrubs at his eyes and she can see tears starting to spill over. “I thought he was dead, and there he was, just when I was getting ready to—“ He reaches into his pocket, sets a small box on the table. A ring box. “I was going to propose to Mary. I felt like I’d finally gotten over everything— over him— and was ready to…” He gives a short laugh. “And there he was. Large as bloody life, mocking me. What was I supposed to do?”
Mrs Hudson is bringing around a tray of champagne flutes. When everyone has one in hand, Mycroft clears his throat.
We walked in silence for a while. I could sense Watson’s impatience to know what I was thinking, but did not give him an opening.
For those of you dying for another glimpse of John Watson, that will happen in the next chapter. ;-)
“I’m going to a party.” Maybe he should have led with the news that he was drugged and almost killed, but he’s still having trouble talking about it.
“I suppose you would call it a Time Machine. Jason and I watched a film about a similar device once, but I knew that no one on Earth had figured out how to make one. On my planet, we have such devices, but they are locked away and rarely used because going back in time means changing history. Wars, elections, revolutions— all of these might have turned another way, giving you a very different future. One little change, and I might never have met you all.”
In an hour he knows. Moriarty is dead. Not an immortal, just a clever man who guessed what Holmes is and taunted him with what he can never have. Whatever the man knew about regeneration has died with him. Holmes must learn for himself.
He’s never had sex with someone he loves. The only person he has loved until now was Victor, who was
I nearly died myself. No one told me this, but I know because I remember feeling hot, my throat so sore I couldn’t swallow— and then feeling nothing, standing outside my body, so still now, not breathing.
In the morning, I heard a scream and a crash. Hastily donning my dressing gown, I ran into the sitting room and saw my breakfast lying amidst shards of crockery and my landlady pointing at the mantel.
She tightens her lips. It’s not time for this rant, not tonight when Sherlock has other problems she might help him with. “I don’t believe your brother did much more than make a note of his new address. And John avoided me. I went to see him once, in his new place. You wouldn’t have recognised him, Sherlock.” She bows her head. “He wasn’t taking care of himself at all. I saw the piles of bottles and dirty clothes, and I could tell he wasn’t sleeping. He was days away from losing his new job, probably weeks away from becoming homeless. I told him he shouldn’t blame himself for your death, because he clearly did. I told him you’d loved him—“
They chat, and it feels like time is slowing. The music and the voices are a blur, a single vibration in his brain. He’s forgotten how many drinks he’s had. Usually he can tell when he’s slipping from tipsy to drunk.
“Watson can’t be dead. He has never died before, not permanently. Neither of us have. Like you, we always come back before we cross over. But this— this has never happened before.”
That was a childish dream, though, and I had already begun to lose my childishness. Aunt Kitty often complained that if I were only more cheerful, more sociable and childlike, she might tolerate me. My disposition made me apt to complain, she said, and to envy my cousins, when I might do better to emulate them.
I choose my words with care. “I believe… no, not a trick. But there were things happening that he didn’t tell me. At the end, I didn’t know what he was doing. If I’d had any idea— but I trusted him.”
He tries. “I felt alone most of the time. I didn’t understand how things worked, so I stuck with my team when I could. They tolerated me, like a mascot. I suppose that was the best I could expect, under the circumstances.”
“It would be a mistake to make deductions before examining the evidence, wouldn’t it?” he replied. “Just find out what you can.”
Sherlock, on the other hand, was in a good place when they met. His career was taking off, and that was all that really mattered to him. He’d put relationships behind him, having decided that they were unnecessary. He hadn’t wanted the blind date, caving in only because he couldn’t think of a reason not to do it.
“The fact that they do me no good does nothing to relieve my regrets. Please, Mycroft, make sure he doesn’t do something desperate.”
He opened the book and squinted at the flyleaf. Edwin leaned in and looked as well. “Is that her name?” he asked.
a thief, or at least have a disposition that leans towards larceny. I used to steal things from Mycroft’s rooms, just to see how long it would take him to notice. He is a most observant person, which taught me stealth. Our skills, then, are complementary. How about safe-cracking? Did Uncle Bertie also teach you that?”
“I know, and I’m sorry. I’ll apologise to Molly, to the whole cast. I just.. well, you know how I am. There are times when I should just keep my thoughts to myself. I’m sorry that I spoke, and I’ll try not to do that again.”
“She was unhappy. I told her when we met that I intended to go into the army after med school. But when it came time, she said that I was being selfish. I told her that I’d planned to serve and intended to go. I just didn’t feel I could give it up, you know? She was angry.”
After several excruciatingly enjoyable minutes watching Watson stammer and attempt to make polite chatter, I finally said, “Shall we go? I see you have brought a four-wheeler with you.”
“Would you like that as well?” The clerk is looking at him, holding a package that he presumes is Sherlock’s order. He nods at the display. “Just came in this morning.”
A bad idea, conceived in a petty desire to irritate Sherlock, who clearly has no interest in the case. Mycroft Holmes is not a raving lunatic; he was polite and soft-spoken. But Watson sensed an ongoing friction between the two of them, one in which most of the enmity was on Sherlock’s side, and he’d wanted to see if he could use that to manipulate the git.
But the insults did not stop and I could not always ignore them, though I tried. My pride would not let me accept their words. I did not understand why Edwin always called me
“Yes, of course. I thought… I’m rather stupid about such things, but it seems to me that you would miss your daughter, and might be thinking about her. I’m sorry. It isn’t any of my business.”
“Yes, I think you are right. He is kind, but sees only the practical side of things. I don’t mean to sound ungrateful or critical. The world certainly needs men who balance the books, preserve tradition, and keep a steady hand on the rudder. But there must always be those who dream of more.”
He mourns the old John Watson, prepares to learn the new one, whose damaged brain makes him do irrational things.
He likes Sarah. She’s pretty, intelligent, and doesn’t hesitate to say what she thinks. Her sense of humour is rather dark, like his own; he enjoys trading observations with her, laughing about the things that make their work interesting and difficult. Six months ago, he would have asked her out.
I snorted. “That would rather give away the whole game. No, I plan to get inside her house and find the portrait.”
“He was most definitely gay last night,” Sherlock replies. “I assume his divorce is in the works. He’s been separated for weeks.”
He tried to slough off the bad mood that had descended on him, but his mind returned to the cast reunion.
“It was at Cambridge, in one of the closets behind the anatomy lab. Somebody had donated a skeleton about a hundred years ago, and by my student days nobody knew whose skeleton it was. It had become unpopular to use real skeletons so they put it in the closet. I think nobody knew what to do with it. So I took the skull. It’s company, if there’s nobody to talk to… well. It appears to be a man’s skull, so I call it Billy.”
At this she huffs and rolls her eyes. “She never lets me do anything. She thinks my friends are hoodlums. That’s what she calls them,
He’s an imperfect man. His many mistakes are evidence of that. At the pool when he first faced Moriarty, on the sidewalk in front of Barts, at the Landmark, at the aquarium. All the times he tried to save John and kept losing him.
“And that shot, through the glass door— right through his neck! I had no idea you were such a marksman, Watson. Your hand must have been remarkably steady.”
“I can’t hear you.” I wondered if he had forgotten how to talk. Since he had no one to converse with, this seemed logical.
There weren’t very many people there, but that was expected. Not many would actually grieve for Sherlock. He was well-known, but not well-liked. You would expect a few gawkers, though, or maybe the media. Knowing Mycroft, though, he’d keep it a private affair. That might explain it.
Perhaps it was a sign of my age that I felt nostalgia at times now. Ten years ago, I was always impatient, eager to get on to the next case, the next problem. The cases themselves meant little; they were just mental stimulation. I had never valued friendships, and had few friends as a result. My ties to my family were dutiful, but fortunately not onerous. I generally found society dull, and was rarely invited out. There was little in my life to be sentimental about.
Sebastian Wilkes, one of the old gang. Holmes used to eat lunch with them, sit near them in class, traipse around campus after them. Watson always found Wilkes particularly sadistic; he’s quite sure he’s also one of the boys who used to cheat off of Holmes. He glances at his companion. Is he truly surprised to see their old classmate?
“A client who feels compelled to wear a mask will expect to meet with you, the consulting detective, alone,” he replied. “He may not like to share details if I am in the room.”
“I don’t know what to call Sherlock— boyfriend or partner or lover— and feel embarrassed about that. Not embarrassed about him, being in a gay relationship, but just not knowing how to present myself to other people. And I didn’t realise that guy at the gym was flirting with me. And I’m not… I don’t… Sex is different. I’m not good at it.”
It was odd, Sherlock thought, that brief expression. The audience’s boos had angered Brook. Any seasoned actor would expect some boos for the villain, and would take it as a compliment that he had inspired that reaction. Brook seemed almost to have forgotten that he was the villain of this piece.
Since he’s returned to London, he’s watched his life descending into the rubbish heap once more. Holmes has just dropped a match on it. A flaming rubbish heap.
“It has been a remarkable life,” said his companion. “You truly found your calling, I believe. Did you ever solve the case that started you off, the
In the morning, John finds himself alone in bed. He uses the loo and pads into the sitting room. Sherlock is asleep on the sofa. Again.
Bellamy waved his hand carelessly. “My wife is here, somewhere. She was introducing Mr Allen to the Pritchards. Ah, here they are!”
Obviously, there was no friend. It was rather surprising that she let him go on an unsupervised visit to an unknown destination. He wondered if anyone had looked at John’s laptop to see what internet searches he’d done in the days leading up to his disappearance.
“Case of mistaken identity,” I suggested. “In fact, you need not mention us at all. Since your reports generally credit all my successes to yourself, no one will be surprised if you keep it to yourself. Unless you would rather claim this as my failure. Say that you called me in, and I could not solve it. Will that do?”
. That she hesitates means that she is perplexed, not wronged. A woman wronged would already be at our door, breaking the bell wire with pulling. This woman is looking to have her doubts dispelled.”
“Sherlock.” She’s looking at him, not with pity (he knows what that looks like), but with something else. She’s been where he was last night, probably more than once. Terrible dates that made her feel inadequate, unacceptable, all wrong. It’s sympathy he sees.
Arguing with a very determined Sherlock Holmes does no good. By the time John has changed into normal jeans and deliberately chosen a shirt no grandpa would wear, he’s tired and just wants to sleep, but Sherlock is pacing around like a panther, picking things up and grumbling at them about deadbolts and motion detectors. He begins opening all the cupboards, looking for clues, apparently.
I had returned, as I said I would, but wasn’t sure how to smuggle his bones away from here, or where to put them. Still, a promise to a ghost must be kept. John hadn’t had much of a life, but his afterlife had given me something I would always be grateful for.
Irene didn’t alarm him; he’d already deduced that she was a lesbian and had no interest in him sexually. She interested him, though non-romantically; she wasn’t merely intelligent, but knew how to use that intelligence. Like him, she observed people, read them and saw through appearances. Her memory was like his, retaining and leveraging information. She was competitive, but could easily walk away from a contest that didn’t interest her. Everything she did was calculated, strategised to help her win whatever game she’d decided to play. Any flirtation that occurred would be manipulative. He hated being the object of such a strategy, but he had to admire her. It wasn’t sentiment that had convinced her to work with Molly’s script. He wasn’t sure what had, and that was the puzzle he had set out to solve.
wink.” He sighs, knowing he’s out of his league. His snark is never going to rival anything that Holmes says. The man speaks fluent sarcasm.
I remember seeing him there, as if we were on a road, the distance between us growing wider. Mist surrounded him, his pale form illuminated by some unseen light, like a haloed saint in a painting.
glad to have you with us today. It’s been ages, Greg. And you’ve brought Sherlock with you as well. Quite a feat, convincing the most unsociable man in television to sit for an interview.” She giggled.
Gesturing at his pyjamas, and perhaps the obvious bulge growing there, John grinned. “I’m not going anywhere, except maybe to bed. Get showered and join me.”
“You’re blaming yourself, but it sounds like she let you down, John. She made choices while you were gone and didn’t discuss them with you. That wasn’t your fault.”
John didn’t want that, but he wasn’t ready to concede defeat. With neither of them willing to admit it was a farce, they would just have to go through with it. Get married. Go on a sex holiday. Be husbands.
It was a few weeks later that we received another wedding invitation. This one was from Miss Sutherland. A small note fluttered to the floor when Watson opened the envelope.
They don’t actually argue about it, but the divide never closes. They’d been enemies, lovers, and friends over the many years since they’d found one another. He knows what Watson thinks. He can play the argument in his head.
“Where?” This was an even greater shock than marriage, which I had expected. It had never occurred to me that he might leave London. “Where did he go?”
He’d seen how hard it was for Harry to tell their parents that she was gay. He wasn’t that sure about himself, and was unwilling to ruin the lives of his wife and daughter when he wasn’t even sure what he wanted.
He scoffed at Lestrade’s ideas about that, but has to admit that sometimes he wonders what it’s like for people who believe they’ve found that. Delusional, he’s always assumed. But maybe happier. Married people have longer lifespans, and while Sherlock has always assumed he would not survive to see his thirtieth birthday, that birthday and a couple more have passed, and here he is, looking at a flat, thinking about making it a home.
“These are vegan,” said Molly, setting down a tray of quesadillas. “Shall I open another bottle of wine?”
Later, when Sherlock had wrapped himself around John like an octopus and placed his cold feet against his legs, John contemplated his happiness. He had stood in front of everyone he knew and proclaimed his love, and was now lying in bed next to the the object of his desire, having made love four times— or was it five?
If John hadn’t felt— well, he’ll examine that feeling later. If Sherlock hadn’t made sure everyone there thought that they were
“You’re right about Harry. We don’t get on. A drinker, for sure. Getting a divorce for that reason, among others.”
The next time they walked into a crime scene, he grabbed Sherlock’s hand and held on. The detective gave him an odd look, but didn’t seem fazed. He borrowed his hand back from John in order to examine the body and poke around the scene.
He put Brook out of his mind and focused on one thing: getting through it. He’d done live theatre before and enjoyed it, loved the reactions of the audience and the feeling that they were hanging on his words, immersed in the story so deeply that they would startle when the curtain went down and the lights came up. He loved the final bow, the company standing together, receiving the shouts and applause.
He’s never been a performer, never enjoyed that kind of attention. At parties, he prefers to stay in the background, maybe have a long conversation with one person. He’s not exactly antisocial, but he isn’t really social either. An introvert in his heart-of-hearts, he can talk to anyone, but would rather not be the one up front doing anything.
Until they are back in the flat, Sherlock can’t think about what it means, but that night, when John is asleep in his bed upstairs, he decides that as a knight errant, he has failed. Maybe nobody else sees it, but it could have gone badly, and it’s his fault, letting John walk around, bait for kidnappers who can see how much he means to Sherlock. Moriarty knows, and he will be back.
The fact that you left your dreary little bedsit and walked out into the street in the middle of the night tells me that you were thinking more about the
What is he keeping from me? Is he watching Sherlock’s back because he regrets the damage he caused? Is he controlling Sherlock’s mission, forcing him to take on dangerous tasks so he can clear his agenda of Moriarty
“My career is already in trouble if I have to do a reunion for a defunct children’s series in order to keep my current job.”
She turned her attention back to me. “Lenore plays piano; you will accompany her on violin. Your school instrument is in your room; that will suffice for tonight. You may go tune it before our guests arrive.”
At the end of the scene, the three of them would leave together, and the audience would see that Todd and Vivian had heard the entire conversation. It would also be clear that they were working for someone who expected them to kidnap Alex in order to retrieve something. That was the problem Sherlock had brought up at the last rehearsal. Remembering how upset Molly had been, he resolved to keep his mouth shut, no matter how ridiculous the new idea was.
John is standing behind the police tape. Sherlock’s eyes come to rest on him, just for a beat. And he knows.
“I guess. He was quiet, kind of distant. Like he’d decided to let it go. And then he asked me along on another case. I was happy, thinking maybe we were back to normal. But that’s when the second fight happened. I was interviewing someone who started flirting with me. I mean, it was a man. And it turned out that he was the murderer, so I guess it wasn’t good. Sherlock was angry about that, even after I explained that I wasn’t trying to flirt.”
But you would expect his parents to be there. They were conspicuously absent. They are, as far as I know, still living. Sherlock never mentioned them except for that one time, during his squabble with Mycroft after the pink lady case came to a violent conclusion. I’m sure I would have known if either Mummy or Daddy had died. I can’t explain why they weren’t there. I didn’t think to ask.
He needs to go somewhere, get out of the flat until John has picked up his possessions and gone somewhere else. Sherlock doesn’t want to know where he goes, just as long as he doesn’t come back. If he sees John again, he might change his mind, and he’ll be right back in this same hell.
They’re watching telly one night, a late night talk show, some idiot woman blathering on about a book she’s written. John grabs the remote and abruptly changes stations. Now they’re watching a show about a tattoo parlour. Definitely more interesting that what they were watching, but not exactly what he would have expected.
“Anyway,” Holmes continues, “I didn’t come here specifically stalking you. I’m on a case, stalking someone else. I just figured I’d start at your pub. Since it’s Saturday, I thought maybe I’d run into you.”
Well, they hadn’t been friends, had they? And the only person Sherlock could blame for that was himself. He’d deliberately kept himself distant from John, ignored his friendly overtures. Maybe that’s what Harry meant when she said it was his fault. He and John might have had each other, might have seen each one another through the rough times. John might have kept him off drugs, and he could have kept John from giving up.
It’s spring and definitely warmer outside, but things are rather cold in the flat. Sherlock is in one of his not-talking moods, but he doesn’t have a problem to work on, not as far as John can see. The chemistry equipment goes untouched. Sherlock lies on the sofa, somewhere in his Mind Palace.
is nothing to be ashamed of. I was afraid they might ask you my full name, though, and that you wouldn’t know it. For future reference, it’s
It feels wrong to say the word. He’s never backed down from a bully, always been quick to show his mettle. The army proved that.
Watson wonders if he should step in. It’s quite possible that Holmes will say something they’ll all regret. But Watson has no better ideas. He can feel the larger boy’s quiet rage, understands that he’s let himself be pushed to this limit by boys like the one whose throat he’s prepared to slit. If there was ever a point where it might become too much to simply watch people bully others, this is clearly that point. Charles is broken, out of his mind with anger and grief. Watson knows that feeling, has been there himself, but he has no idea how to talk someone out of that madness.
The Romans used to commit suicide by sitting in a warm bath, slitting their wrists, watching the blood leak out. Petronius (the one who wrote the Satyricon, not the other one) is said to have opened a vein, let himself bleed for a while, and then bound it up again for a bit before letting the blood flow again. In between bleeding and binding, he read poetry and talked philosophy with his friends, all of them sitting around sipping wine and insulting Nero. A sort of a party. A slow way to go, letting everyone get used to the idea.
“John, there is no membership badge to earn here. You are what you are because that’s how you define yourself. There is a spectrum that reaches all the way from heterosexual desire and sex, to being completely homosexual in these things. Even bi-sexual isn’t easy to define. And there are many variations, people who are asexual but have romantic feelings—“
“I haven’t— all right, there are some things I should tell you. Not lies, but things I haven’t said. I told you I’m working on… this. I mean, being in this relationship. Being bisexual. I am serious about it, you know. I want to be with you—”
“No.” Sherlock has drawn his feet onto his chair, his knees to his chin. He’s frowning and pulling at a thread in his dressing gown. “I’m busy.”
Instead of moving, I knelt and began grabbing papers out of the safe, throwing them upon the embers. The fire blazed up at once, consuming them.
Mr Lestrade was a small man, very impatient. I had hoped that he would be open-minded about my unusual profession, as he worked in a field where the dead deserved justice. If anyone should have seen ghosts, heard their voices, it ought have been a detective who investigated murders. Unfortunately, lack of imagination seems to be a prerequisite for police work. I have seen a ghost walk repeatedly through a copper, even howl in his ear, without eliciting any notice from the stolid man.
“Symptoms of love. I did all those things to show you that I love you, so you would believe me when I finally said it.”
“I was married. I loved Mary when we… well, by the time she was pregnant and we got married, there were problems. But I just assumed that all marriages are like that. My parents fought constantly. I think my dad had affairs, too. But I never cheated on Mary. I just found myself… thinking about… well, looking at men. And it wasn’t like waking up and realising,
He stops himself, a realisation dawning on him. He’s always thought of Harry as the difficult one, the one with all the problems, the one who throws strops and complains about everything. But she’s not— it’s him. He’s the difficult one.
John moves his possessions into the flat. Sherlock watches, but doesn’t offer to help. There isn’t much, to be honest. John has gotten used to occupying spaces temporarily, and has left behind many things he used to own. Unnecessary, much of it. Things he shouldn’t have wasted his time and money on. It’s better to travel light, he thinks.
Sherlock has just noticed John’s jumper and is glaring at it as if it is offending him. “Agreed. Except, perhaps, when it comes to clothing choices.”
I had never told him my own feelings. I’d whispered them to him as he slept, once when he was sick and delirious, and often in the silence of my own heart. I hoped that he had understood, but knew I owed him more.
“No idea.” She took a bite, chewed thoughtfully. “I’m keeping my eye on him, though. He’s unbalanced.”
How can he explain this rush of pitiful self-loathing? So many years after, it doesn’t make sense. He’s moved on, become a doctor, fought in a war. He’s not the awkward new kid, trying to fit his way into an unfamiliar environment. He’s a grown man, for Christ’s sake.
“I wasn’t going to actually… John, you’re perfect. I thought, if you were jealous, you might…” Even now I could not say the words.
Alleys are where they’ve had so many close calls, and if they’ve learned anything over the months they’ve been working together, they ought to know this:
It’s a small mystery that occupies him on the bus ride from Barts. What sort of book would Sherlock order? It must be something out of print, he decides, or he would just find the same content on the internet. Or maybe it’s written in German or Hungarian or some language John has never heard of. The subject? Sherlock has only two interests: crime and music. And he doesn’t read books about music, he plays his violin and occasionally drags John to a classical concert.
His mind, ever the traitor, returned to that day in rehab. It had been his second go-round at getting clean, just as tedious as the first time. Late afternoon, sitting in the dayroom, the sun slanting through the windows. Always the worst time of day for him, his self-restraint ebbing away with the daylight. At that hour it was imperative to find a distraction— either that, or kill himself. There were few opportunities for suicide, so he sought distraction. The telly was on, a news program no one was watching. He was wondering how many days he could keep up the facade of repentance, how long it would take to convince his brother that he could be trusted again. If he couldn’t quit, maybe he could at least control his drug use, make a go of the acting thing. Mycroft was pressuring him to return to school, but an academic career was not what Sherlock was made for. Acting was the way forward.
They’ll have to go to the shops if they want to make the chicken thing, with the vegetable things, and that sounds like too much effort. They open a packet of flatbread and slice some of the cheddar that isn’t hosting a mould experiment. Sherlock finds a bunch of grapes that are not very shrivelled.
“I think I already did.” He has a vague recollection of puking on a sidewalk somewhere. Maybe it was a hallucination.
I accept this. “All right, tell me something. I saw him jump.” It makes me wince to say this. It’s almost too painful, but I have to ask. “How long do you think it would take a body to fall from the roof of Barts?”
“I do not intend to ask her.” Grinning, he lounged back in his chair. “Marriage with Miss Wickham is off the table.”
Sherlock has never enjoyed shopping, so when John points out that they are almost out of milk and there aren’t many teabags left in the box, he happily accepts his offer to go to Tesco and pick up a few things. Sherlock offers his card, but John tells him no, he just got his check and wants to start helping out with the bills. He refuses to be coddled, this army doctor.
“I’ve given him a discount,” she says, “but his brother said he’d have to get someone to share the rent. So, you’ll be needing the extra bedroom?”
We watched the snow fall, waiting for the bells to begin. Watson leaned into me, encircling me with his arms.
Once again, his need to fit in is dictating his response to the situation. He reminds himself that he’s here to learn something, to explore all his unsettled feelings, and that being a spectator isn’t enough.
He sits there, feeling inadequate. His daughter is slipping away, becoming an adult, and he’s missing it.
“I was seeking the return of documents for a client. Milverton had decided to make an example of her, hoping to raise the prices he can command of his other victims. If you force me to name my client, this will expose the very circumstances that led Milverton to blackmail her. The effect is the same as if Milverton himself— a man we all know to be a despicable human being—
Unable to focus on the book, he sets it aside, his thoughts still stuck on today’s encounter. Sherlock Holmes was always going to be brilliant at something. Somehow, it would have felt more satisfying if he hadn’t turned out so bloody gorgeous as well. It’s like a poke in John’s eye, a reminder that life isn’t fair.
He splashes his face with water, uses a paper towel to wipe away the shine. It’s not much of an improvement. Closing his eyes, he imagines for a moment that he and Sherlock hit if off, and there’s another date, that they begin
Why is Sherlock alive? So many times, he was prepared to die for John, but now it’s Mary who’s died to save Sherlock, and it’s his own fault. He pushed the Norwood woman, taunting her until she lashed out. He couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
gun— the one upstairs, in the drawer next to your bed— than the one that is now about to blow your brains out.
Twice now, these vivid dreams. Ella would have some thoughts about that, though I’m sure she wouldn’t tell me what she really thinks. She’d say that I dream because I’m not ready to let him go, because there’s something I need to say to him. That’s something she’s said before. I left therapy because I thought it must be disappointing for her to have a patient like me, who doesn’t talk.
“Yeah. Perfect.” He draws a shaky breath; his voice quavers. “I thought I was happy. I really did. And when I saw him, I realised I wasn’t. I hadn’t been since…”
It was obvious that this person needed a reason, but if he said he’d lost his gloves or his umbrella, they would simply contact the driver themselves.
After shivering for a long time, I slipped out of my bed, thinking I’d see if there were any embers in the hall fireplace. Even if the hearth was cold, at least the movement might warm me.
“I think not,” he said, glaring at the box. “Unless the box is of interest for some reason, he can save himself a trip.”
“I want to walk down the street, holding your hand. I want to kiss you whenever I feel like it, call you my boyfriend, and live here with you. And I want to act again. That was Irene’s bait. She was honest about her agenda, breaking the watershed, and I agreed, knowing what the fallout would be. Really, it couldn’t have been planned better. In all the ruckus about my return from the dead, nobody’s going to focus on the gay kiss. Even if they do, I’m done hiding.” He frowns. “What about you? Nobody asked you if you were willing to do it. Are you okay with it?”
The cab pulls up in front of a Victorian terrace with a white face, black trim. It looks rather pleasant, he thinks. Homey.
At the same time, I was beginning to realise a certain unfathomable dread at the prospect of facing a person who had traveled to the beyond, to a world the living are not meant to know. Every hair on my body rose in fear of what I understood on a gut level ought to be terrifying.
A few days later he met a man willing to kill him, for money. He stabbed Holmes, and as he bled, tied rocks to him and sank him in the river. When he finally woke, naked on the bank, it was as if no time at all had passed. He was not enlightened.
“You trust the vampire lady?” Sally looked around for a napkin, licked her fingers and took a sip of coffee. “I don’t.”
John moves towards him, raises his hand to brush a curl from Sherlock’s forehead. “We can be rubbish together, then.”
“Rosamund, what do you think you’re doing? Hm? Worrying your mother and me like that— Christ, I’ve been out of my mind, thinking of all the things that might have happened to you. Do you have any idea? Why would you do such a thing?”
“But you must come with me! This school will be terrible. I cannot imagine being somewhere if you are not also there.”
The maître d' shows him to the table when he explains to him that the person he’s meeting should already be here. As he limps after him, he spots his date.
“You really didn’t know I was working here?” Wilkes laughs. “Well, score one for me. I’m Assistant to the Headmaster, so you’ll be dealing with me, not Huxtable. He has other duties that will keep him tied up while you’re here with this little
No more trains, he decided as he hailed a cab. No more reunions, reruns, or ill-considered sequels. And no more fucking aliens. Never again.
As she begins to close her locker, the mirror inside catches the reflection of a figure standing at the door. A quick intake of breath, and then she starts to smile. “Welcome back.”
Sherlock’s face does something John has never seen. It crumples and tears fill his eyes, and then he’s laughing and crying and not able to speak.
Maybe he can make this right. When he comes home on Monday, they’ll talk. He just needs to explain it to Sherlock, give him a chance to understand, rather than thinking he can just deduce it. Sherlock observes things that John doesn’t even notice, but that doesn’t mean he understands. They need to talk about it.
Mrs Hudson brings up soup and tea and toast when he tells her Watson is ill. She offers her own advice about poultices and herbal teas to drive away infection. It’s not the infection, though. It’s the blood loss, the shock to the body. Watson must rebuild himself. Holmes does not call a doctor; it would only raise questions he cannot answer.
“Damn. I’m slipping. There was a time, not so long ago, when I could tell a sister from a half-sister, a step-sister, or a sister-in-law. Now I’m confusing them with brothers. Very well, you have a sister. The rest of my deduction stands, though. She’s an alcoholic, probably further along that path than you, though I can see you’re hastening to catch up. Sibling rivalry—“
When he brings the whip down, it goes through me. Because I’m the dream, I don’t feel it. But I’m angry. I want to kill this man, and I can’t touch him. I focus all my attention on the whip as it goes up and down, willing it to stop.
Day had dawned by the time the two inspectors finished debating whether Watson ought to be questioned in my presence. I’d threatened to wake my brother and have legal counsel sent over before any more questions could be asked.
The gentleman who was ushered into the room by Mrs Hudson was extremely tall, at least six and a half feet, and heavily built. Our landlady quickly bowed and ducked out of the room. Watson politely stood in greeting, but I kept my seat, motioned for Watson to sit at the desk.
He kisses me lightly, then draws away, looking into my face. His eyes are of the deepest blue, like a stormy sea, but the look he gives me is fond. I want to tell him,
No, he will accept the gift. When the sun comes up, he’ll go back to his cottage and make plans. He’ll pack up a few clothes, call that fellow at the Beekeepers Association to check on the hives. He’ll have to turn off the water and call the electricity people about stopping his service. Toby the Eleventh has died, and he’s thought about getting another dog, but he’ll wait.
John declines any afters, but Sherlock insists. “I chose this restaurant mostly based on the dessert menu,” he admits with a little smile. “I’m afraid I have a sweet tooth. The dark chocolate mousse cake is supposed to be heavenly. You must try it.”
was a recent appearance. She often played dotty old women, but was more intelligent than most people he knew, and honest as well. He’d always enjoyed working with her.
John’s father died when he was young, and his overbearing mother put him in beauty contests for infants, talent shows for toddlers. He did adverts, had small parts in several regional theater productions, and a couple in London. His first film was
“That was…” began Lestrade. He sighed and rubbed his eyes. “I just hope the vampire lady can fix it.”
“Everybody’s done Shakespeare. And most of those Hamlets and Macbeths end up selling products on the telly or acting in regional theatre. Either they get a break at some point, or they learn to be content with that. If you’re not happy with what you’ve got, get off your high horse and go get some auditions.”
you write. I can't stand to hear you scratching away, and then you pause, looking perplexed, and then you resume scratching.
It’s after seven when John arrives home. He’s not carrying takeaway bags, but Sherlock has no desire to eat. He seems uneasy.
There are nights when he wakes up, looks over and sees Sherlock breathing softly and deeply, feels bony knees poking into his side, and wonders at how his life has changed. He has the maddest man in London in his bed, and gets to follow him into the underbelly of London, help him solve crimes, and make his tea.
“I know who you are,” he replied. “James Moriarty. And whatever happens to me, you’re not going to get away with this.”
Already Watson is sinking into a deep state of unconsciousness. His skin is growing pale and cold, and soon he will appear not to breathe as all his resources focus on fixing the damage. Holmes lays his head on the still chest, listening. Every minute or so he hears the heart beat, pumping a bit of blood through his body. Not dead, just as close to Death as any human can come.
“I regretted what I did,” John said, leaning towards him and speaking softly. “At the time, I was desperate, and only wanted to escape and be left alone. I came back to London because I was tired of hiding; I didn’t want to be dead anymore. And I guess… I was hoping to see you again. And afraid to see you. I hadn’t heard of you having any partners, but I was sure you hadn’t wasted a moment thinking about me— until your letter. And then Irene came to see me. The rest, you know.”
He looked down at John, trying to read his face. “You… you weren’t just acting. You’re really in love… with me?”
Loyalty was John Watson’s defining characteristic. It was behind every major decision of his life. Marrying the pregnant girlfriend, serving his country, staying in a loveless marriage for the sake of his daughter.
“Guitar solo,” he says, as if he’s been planning it all along, as if he’s deduced John playing air guitar with his sister in the living room, jumping around like a fool. It’s not the best song for air guitar, but— there it is.
“Months?” Watson gaped. “You’ve been working on this for months and didn’t think it necessary to inform me?”
is a bit intimate for casual conversation over dinner. We haven’t talked about it, you know. How do you introduce me?”
Still, I could not advance beyond a certain point, that being the place where life ends. Most of my professors would have said that there was nothing beyond that point, that the concept of a
I explained that I’d been assaulted by masked men who beat me and ran away. With real concern, she insisted that I lie on the sofa in the drawing room until my head cleared, and offered to call me a doctor. I declined, saying that a few minutes reclining with my eyes closed would set me right. She would send someone to check on me in a half an hour, she said, and left the room.
In the cab, Sherlock is silent, and John isn’t sure what to say. Maybe he shouldn’t have let Steve touch him, but it just sort of happened. He saw from the log that Steve had closed up and was interviewing the man only for that reason. He certainly didn’t expect him to start flirting. Not even his type. But it was for a case, and maybe he could get something out of him that would help Sherlock solve it. So he kept talking to him. Sherlock was busy, anyway, talking to the other employees, looking at CCTV footage, and badgering Lestrade.
As Sherlock’s head began to spin, Irene entered the room— followed by the Intergalactic Police, the two extras who’d just carried Fake Jason off stage a few minutes earlier.
“That’s the definition of a sociopath, I think,” Mike replied. “They’re quite good at fooling people into thinking they’re nice people.”
It took him days of careful work to get it done properly, and he thought it didn’t look half bad. He found a kitchen table to replace the ancient, clunky thing they had inherited from a relative, the new one a hexagonal shape that gave them more room. The walls were pastel yellow; she chose new wallpaper and he learned how to hang it.
He broke into the row house easily. It might have surprised some of his colleagues to learn that as a child, he was fascinated with locks and keys. It began when he accidentally dropped the key to his father’s office down a floor grate. Magnets were employed to fish it out, but to no avail. At last a locksmith was called in, who showed him how a lock could be opened without a key. He went on to pick all sorts of locks— including his father’s liquor cabinet. It was a skill that had facilitated several questionable adventures.
He’d heard Sherlock ridicule sentiment on many occasions. He particularly seemed to dislike Valentine’s Day, considering it a holiday made up by greeting card companies for the purpose of humiliating those who received none. In this, John read years of being overlooked by his classmates, and at least one occasion (probably) where he’d given a card and received none in return. Unrequited love is a hard lesson, especially for a school boy just discovering his orientation.
Holmes is staring at the frozen image of himself kneeling beside Watson. Finally he shakes himself, closes the laptop, and walks to the window.
This time the Rosamund Club adjourned and left before any mothers could show up to take them home. I saw them out the front door.
I got a new job, in a different part of town, changed where I shopped, what I watched on the telly, what brand of tea I bought— I had to change everything about my life so I could forget you.”
