“He is now back in contact with Hester, and they are attempting to heal parts of their relationship,” Castiel says, “Which is excellent. She felt very guilty for a long time for telling my father that he would lose his relationship with me if he continued to isolate me, so I am glad that she has a chance to speak to him,” Castiel says, then frowns as he looks up and finds Dean looking at him. “Why are you smiling at me?”
Castiel has friends separated enough from Dean that on the outset Castiel was sure that it would be better, this time.
“I don’t know, man, it’s…. Not that easy to put a time frame on that kind of thing,” Dean says, rolling his shoulders back as he takes a left, meeting Cas’ gaze in the rearview mirror for a few moments.  “I, after that Christmas it became pretty damn clear that Bobby cared a helluva lot more about my welfare than Dad, even. He - I got no idea how much you know about that, actually,” Dean says, grip tightening on his steering wheel, “Can’t remember exactly how much I passed on to Gabriel, let alone know what he passed on.”
“You can't use that to win any debate indefinitely.” Cas says, pausing by the doorway, affection wreaking from every inch of his body language. Dean’s not entirely sure how they wound up back in a positive space, but everything about this is awesome.
Dean is safe and they are okay, which means he gets to keep finding out these things. Asking and learning. Apologising to each other. Smoothing over the edges of every old hurt.
“No,” Cas says, “I know who you are, Dean. I know that you’re righteous and rash and full of love and loyalty and care. I also know that you’re in pain. I don’t doubt
“Just tell us where we’re sleeping,” Castiel responds, voice flat, already heading for the steps up to the front door. Dean nods in acknowledgement and follows him.
give enough of a damn about him that he’d have forgiven him for it. That everyone’s probably emotional enough about this right now that they wouldn’t even chew him out over it, most likely. That Sam’s upset enough about all this that he has something like a blank cheque of forgiveness and, right then, spending it on a double scotch to numb his fear of flights felt like a really good deal. He didn’t, though. He turned Metallica up to deafening volumes and shut his eyes and pretended he was still dead-inside, and that’s supposed to be
overdose on freaking Star Wars. it all feels very unlikely, but after the last four days of spending basically the whole day outside he feels a little… restless. “Maybe we should go for a walk.”
“Dean,” Cas says, voice on the edge of something and something Dean’s not all that sure he can deal with right now. He has absolutely no idea what Cas is thinking. They haven’t so much as touched this morning. Cas, for all that he’s poured out his soul about his father, is still unfathomable. Unreachable.
too fucking late for him to get caught up in the feel of Cas’ bottom lip and to pull him in, more and more, until Cas is more or less straddling him. It was late before they started talking. He’s got no goddamn idea how late it is
“Mmm,” Dean hums, leaning forward to brush their lips together for a moment and letting his eyes flicker shut.
“What are we watching?” Dean asks, heading back into the sitting room after he's done the dishes. They concluded over food that they're all giving up for the day, because it's still a Saturday night and they've still been working at it all damn day.
him here, until the easy rhythm of things at Dean’s place settled under his skin and began to feel normal and
card. I'm gonna have to disown you and that's a damn shame, cause you know I can't afford this place alone, especially if I lose my damn job.”
was Dean’s five minute errand this morning. Right after being awake all night due to his history of trauma, Dean went to buy him picture hooks.
Sam’s awake and devouring lunch  by the time he gets back to Bobby’s. His very still as he accepts Dean’s revised list of college options. He spends a few seconds too long reading it to be quite believable, then he looks up at him like the list isn’t significant notice of intent.
and a-okay, but he’s pretty damn sure that he likes how the rest of his life is going for the first time in years. He’s a goddamn mess with commitment issues and masculinity issues and some barely-repressed
“Don’t,” Dean says, “Stick to threatening me about quitting your goddamn job and leaving me alone to deal with this myself. I don’t need
“Uh yes, really,” Sam says, “I was there when you were playing footsie at the Beach House, I’ve seen you make heart eyes at each other every Sunday and I remember like two months ago when you were all
“That, I didn’t claim,” Dean says, holding out a hand for Sam’s notebook, “You want me to test you?”
, but he wants to talk to him about the good news he’s had about work. He wants to have dinner. To talk.
that it was all over, anyway, but then they’d had that fight, and made up, and Dean abandoned carving their initials into their deckchairs so that they could watch one final sunset on the beach.
“Relationshipping,” Dean says, “You know, promise rings and happy endings. The whole disney shebang.”
“Fine.” Dean mutters, wedging his phone under his ear, “What did they say this time? My burgers are like the personification of a summer morning?”
, Jesus. Dean doesn’t have a lot of experience with boy-babies (bar Robbie and he was mostly far away in California) although he figures they must be about the same. Maybe a higher risk factor when changing nappies. “Dean, I am including you in that.”
. This proper, gorgeous smile that crinkles at the corner of his eyes, because that’s started happening lately, and that makes it much easier to keep talking. “Used the words
“No,” Dean says, “Although, yeah, that --- that was a goddamn bitch. No, I mean, because of my internal, I don’t know, crap. Cas. Castiel,” Dean says, “Yeah, I’m fucking sorry that I got that call from Lisa at that exact moment and I’m sorry I didn’t tell you what the hell was going on, but more than that I’m sorry that I…. that all that my issues are a psychology student’s wet dream and that you had to deal with them cause you had the crappy idea of falling for my sorry ass.”
He tangled that up with needing to be needed and pressing down his emotions and feeling so wrong and broken that he couldn’t trust, but he felt it.
“Yeah, I’m thinking Gabriel is here early, or — Samandriel, I guess? Cas is crap at texting. But whoever it is, they’re waiting for their luggage,” Dean says, watching as Sam struggles with the coffee machine. “Here.” He says, standing it up and taking over. He gets out two of the newly re-printed mugs, one sleek, black and silver ‘Michael, aged 14’ and one ‘Castiel, aged 7’ and keeps Cas’ bee keeper creation for himself.
“Hello to you too, Cas,” Dean says, from over a thousand miles away. The distance has never felt so obvious before, because if Dean were
— and he has always put what he wanted last, which usually included Castiel. He wouldn’t visit. He wouldn’t decide. He wouldn’t say how he felt until pushed. He told Castiel, point blank, that he would be okay without him.
“This isn’t working,” Cas says, as one of the legs of the breakfast-tray collapses, sending two pawns scattering across the bed. “I give up.” He declares, pushing the box away to lie down next to him again.
Dean types out, which is bolder than he usually goes when they do this texting-crap, but there’s been a definite shift in the way they’ve communicated with each other since Thanksgiving. Dean’s got no idea whether Charlie knocked loose something in his head, or whether the inane gesture with the travel-mug has somehow sparked off a little of that intimacy that Charlie mentioned they should try and create, but it's awesome . They’re in a really freaking good place right now.
stare at his laptop for a while, but actually getting his thoughts to line up to something that isn’t a petulant toddler yelling about
“Winchester,” Roy declares as Dean turns up, clearly on the other side of half a six pack, “Pull up a seat, kid, talk to us.”
“I mean, it kind of helped that my parents were dead,” Charlie says, “And I knew I was into the ladies before I knew the word for being into ladies. Your brother was cool, right?”
“There’s a difference between realistic and defeatist,” Sam says, “And, I really think Cas would be great for you.”
“Well, I don’t know,” Dean says, “You never got round to telling me the deal with Meg in the first place, so what the hell do I know?”
“Quit backtracking, y’idjit,” Bobby interrupts, loud, “Think that’s the best idea you’ve had since you decided to quit drinking and start telling the truth about how you’re feeling.”
. Dean shakes his head and digs out his cell phone to continue making arrangements with Bobby. He’d half alluded to him wanting to come by in a phone call last night before Cas got home from work, but he hadn’t gotten into the details of coming alone.
“Whatever, Dean, I know you. What‘s the real reason you haven’t talked to him? You have about everything else. Why is
“I fucking know that, Cas,” Dean says, “But you just --- you stack everything ontop of every other thing, til you blame yourself for every damn thing that’s ever happened in your life and it doesn’t
for the initial trial and tipped them off about the rest of it, so he must have followed the case. He must
“Anything new I should know?” Dean says, moving back up to kiss his mouth, sharp and so very promising. “New… Discoveries. New preferences.”
“So I did,” Castiel says, looking at him with those bright blue eyes. “I think,” he says, very seriously, “That I am going to need another drink.”
“Is that why you left Lawrence?” Charlie asks, as Dean resumes pacing round his kitchen. He was half way through debating what he was going to cook before he got the email about Cas’ blog post, but now it feels moderately likely that he’ll never be hungry again. He’s just
true that currently no one is yelling, and no one is refusing to speak, and no one is ripping off each other’s clothes. They are holding hands in a coffee shop and having what could almost be construed as an adult conversation.
, not out of even out of some twisted desire to blame himself, but because that implied that it was completely out of his control, or that it could happen again, and it
“Yes,” Castiel says, setting down his cold coffee and trying to ease the tension out of his forehead, “Yes. However, in the middle of my dramatic-exit, I failed to consider such things as my buy-in- agreement, or the partnership agreement, or my non-compete, and—”
“Uh,” Dean says, “Maybe,” He continues,  his voice slightly strangled, “I honestly don't have a clue what's-- fucking finally on the garlic bread. Move a little damn quicker, Duke - but, uh. We should probably talk about this but, Tim, a little closer? NO, don't put it on speaker, fuck. This is a way private… Okay, Tran. You're up. Five minutes…  Cas, about your job. Look, man, I don't want you giving up crap because I'm a workaholic. I am so not okay with that , so -”
know Sam’s theory, because Sam has taken great pains to explain it to him. At length. More than once.
“Yeah, Cas, I know. I remember all the socks, ” Dean says, “It’s just --- in my head, we were gonna sit down and talk about it when you got the job, or… after the interview. We were gonna talk about what it would look like
They didn’t even really talk last night. Not a great deal. They did names and Cas spoke like smoked forty a day and had those eyes and Dean was loud and made some dumbass jokes over the music. They sat very close to each other in the taxi. Cas made him laugh when he was pulling Dean’s shirt over his head and gave him the best blow job of his goddamn life. Fuck.
They go for lunch at a dinner halfway to Kansas City, and they don't talk about Cas leaving, or the distance, or their damn relationship status for one hot second.
. By the time Sam got Bobby and Cas involved in his little mission, it was a lot easier to give in than keep listening to the incessant nagging, because apparently a lot of the people in his life who love and care about him demonstrate that by giving him a hard time.
and that is not what he needed to happen right now. It is really, really not the complication his life was waiting for.
“That’s what I pointed out,” Cas says, “Gabriel said that by all rights you should have asked his permission.”
ALSO -- you will get Cas in the next chapter. Like, all chapter. I know he's been gone for flipping ages. Dean was supposed to deal with his crap quicker than he did :')
“Yes,” Castiel says, “The sex part was good too. And —- Dean, contrary to how it may appear, I have always liked you. This real life version of you.”
. Dean’s made these shitty excuses before. It was different, obviously, because Alastair broke his ribs and smiled about it, but it started like that. Compartmentalising. Putting
Castiel purposefully sits back down in the centre of the sofa, and leans slightly into Dean’s space. Dean pretends to be too fixated on the movie to notice, but then he does that delightful faux-casual arm stretch across the back of their sofa.
“That he’s in love with you and was looking for a reason to forgive you anyway, never mind the fact that no decent human would hold
cook when left to fend for himself. This is one of the better ones, which he will likely repeat when Dean has finished ‘having space’. “I’m at home.”
that. And I realise I’ve got no one to blame but myself, and ---- by then, I don’t have the strength
“What do I want?” Dean repeats, frowning. It feels like Sam’s been doggedly asking him this for goddamn years; determinedly goading Dean into giving some kind of goddamn opinion that he didn’t
(The walk back up to the house is freezing and, after Dean takes a scalding hot shower and spends twenty minutes talking himself down for the edge of a panic attack, and another ten trying to convince himself that they’re going to work this out. His legs feel like jelly and he’s got a splitting headache, and he wants to be at home, with Cas, watching Dr Sexy on their sofa, and that’s not an option.)
A message from Bobby rolls in just after he’s started making himself one of Cas’ expensive as fuck hipster coffees. He’s back up to twenty percent battery, so Dean calls him rather than bother typing out a text so that he can multitask.
, yes, but has an enviable life. He likes his job and his apartment and he loves his family and his friends and
“Hmm,” Dean says, shifting slightly to get a better view of Cas’ face. “Yeah, it was okay. Never really know how those conversations are supposed to go.
a flirtation? Dean asks, but he’s already wrapping his arms around him and pulling him close, half tackling him onto the covers because they’re
, in the way that Dean had hovered around him those first few days, made sure he ate, checked in with him. He’d thought it was nice, because none of his elder brothers had ever been so protective or receptive to Castiel’s needs. Then, they’d settled in and…. Dean seemed so much freer. Unburdened. The way Sam and Dean talked to each other seemed to shift. Sam became less serious, more mischievous, younger. Dean
Dean drains the rest of his tea to give him a reason to break Castiel’s gaze. It’s lukewarm, now, and it didn’t taste great to begin with. Still, it’s an excuse to look at his hands, at the bent line of his little finger, and try and work out what to
“Just trust me,” Dean says, voice soft. Cas approaches the kitchen counter like it’s the goddamn gallows, but Dean slots himself behind him, pressed up against his back, with his thumbs resting over his arm. “Whisk. Like this.”
in his free time, like games night and Netflix marathons and laundry. He doesn’t really want to come home from work and answer emails from people who were also victims of horrible, life changing crimes, and are working out that transition from victim to survivor. Maybe that’s selfish, but mostly he wants to forget about being a survivor, too, and just be a person. “Cas though — you should get him writing something for you. He’s, you know, done his unofficial PHD in researching ways to help me with my shit, and he’s a part time lawyer known locally as the Go To Guy for domestic and sexual abuse stuff.”
“Cas, you’re okay?” Dean looked back at his friend, who was standing with his eyes closed and his back pressed against the door they came through, “Cas?” Dean moved to him, making Cas flinch and pushed himself harder against the door.
"Castiel needs to be woken up and it needs to be done from the inside," she said, "He's strong, so I think we still have some time, but there's no way he can do it alone,"
Sam brought burgers, which was nice, but Dean for the love of him couldn’t register how they actually tasted. Hell, they could have been vegan and he wouldn’t know a thing. To say the least, the lunch was quiet and uncomfortable.
Sam and Cas waited for the verdict. Dean leaned back on Cas’s arm and kept flipping through the DVDs.
All Dean could think about was how close Cas’s lips were and how one head tilt would be enough to kiss them, but no. He should say it first. He has to say it.
he asked. Naomi looked at him, pity and disgust mixed on her cold face. Dean was burning with rage, but that rage was fully his own. The Castiel that stared at Naomi was already too far gone to feel anything
Dean felt a sharp need to say something, but his mind was blank. He finally dared to look at Cas though. His eyes were glued to the door his past self disappeared behind.
“You can’t be serious,” he said, smiling, “Taylor Swift ‘reputation’,” he read and then turned the gift in his hands, “Wait, it’s signed?”
“The hell am I supposed to say?” Dean answered and secretly hoped Sam would actually tell him what to say.
An interesting thing about living in an underground bunker is that you never know what time it is simply by looking out of the windows and Dean was rather shocked to see 4 am on the clock when he was done with the kitchen.
He reached the door quickly and after making sure that Cas - the real Cas, not cold-hearted brainwashed angel who stood in the center of the room - was behind him, he put his hand on the door handle, but before he could twist it, he heard a loud gasp.
“It was bad enough having to tolerate you on the hunts, but at least you could help,” the fake Dean scoffed, “I don’t even know why you’re here now, I don’t need you. I don’t want you here,”
“Uhm...I don’t really like the attention?” Dean said, “Taking up the whole day, making people praise you. Seems kinda douchebaggy, no?” he smirked weakly.
Dean relaxed almost immediately and kissed Cas back with all he had. With all the love that he kept a secret, with every tear he shed when Cas was gone or away or hated him (he never did, but Dean was good at convincing himself).
“Sure, Cas,” Dean didn’t want to let go at all, but there’s only so long a hug can last between two buddies before it becomes awkward, and Dean had enough awkwardness for a lifetime that day. Slowly they both let go of each other, but Cas kept his hand on Dean’s forearm and his eyes were red again.
“Cas? Is something wrong?” he asked. Castiel heard sheets moving and another sleepy voice on the background,
“Yes, you do,” she said. Dean stared at the cassette in his hands as a huge grin finally cracked his face.
The lock almost gave in, Dean could feel it, but he was losing a bigger battle here. Suddenly, the whole room started shaking, like during the biggest earthquake Dean had ever experienced. Soon he could barely stand without holding on to a wall.
Dean started going through the dishes, putting the ones Eileen had already washed into drawers while a content smile was playing on his lips. He could still hear the voices of his brother and boyfriend from the living room and calm breath of his dog who followed Dean into the kitchen. All he felt was gratitude.
“It’s okay,” Cas smiled, “There,” he took the necklace from Dean and carefully put it on him. The pendant felt cold and warm at the same time against the bare skin of Dean’s chest. But it also felt familiar. Like the amulet Sam had once given him felt.
For how long will he be able to stretch that moment until it loses its charm? Standing there, barely breathing, silently begging Cas to be enjoying this as much as he is? Soon the sun will rise completely and all their excuses to stay there will be gone, they’ll have to get inside and look for more cases, for more trouble and Dean will probably have to ask Cas not to go to the next hunt because he should spend some time resting and recovering and Cas will get mad at him and they’ll fight and
“Fuck, hold on,” Dean had no time to freak out now. He rushed to another door, but it wouldn’t open. He pushed and pulled, messed with the lock, but nothing changed. The memory wouldn’t let them out, “Come on, we watched it! It’s not fair!”
“Did you purposely make your entrance as dramatic as possible?” he asked Cas, as the young version of him approached them
After Garth there was Charlie and Stevie. They kept it shorter, but Dean's reaction was approximately the same.
“Right,” Sam muttered, “Well, good luck with...whatever,” he turned around and left. Running water was the only sound interrupting the silence and it sounded awfully similar to the way blood flooded the hallway of Cas’s mind.
“Is everything alright?” Cas asked because this phone call took way longer than letting your brother know that your best friend didn’t flee on you should. And yes, the moment was completely ruined, Dean felt anxious and awkward again.
“But-,” Castiel didn’t want to admit he wasn’t surprised. As an angel, he didn’t even understand the purpose of birthdays and considered celebrating the day you were born on the peak of human’s egocentrism and self-obsession. Only after he became a human himself (for the second time), he learned to see beauty in it. In dedicating a whole day just to celebrate someone’s existence. In feeling love so strong and fulfilling that you want to spend every day doing that. He hated that Dean never got to experience it.
“Cas, listen,” Dean tried again, lowering his voice, “I’m so sorry, I’m so fucking sorry, you have no idea,” he said, “I should have never done that, I should have never made you leave, I’m sorry,”
“No, no, you won’t,” he placed his hands on Cas’s forearms, “I need you here, okay? I need you here, with me. We’ll get out of here and everything’s going to be fine, alright? We’ll go back home,”
Cas opened his backpack that laid in the corner of the room and took out a small box. Without turning any lights on, he set down on the bed and waited for Dean to sit up.
Cas looked back at the picture behind himself and part of him wanted to stay there, to get lost in it, to become the Cas that was currently sitting so close to Dean that their thighs touched and contemplating on what was going to happen if he tries to casually throw his arm around his shoulders, like they do in the movies.
“We watched that movie like 5 times, at least,” Dean said, as they turned it on. The armchair was empty now, but neither of them even thought of getting on it.
“I thought Cas couldn’t...feel and express emotions the way humans do when he was an angel, but...man I was wrong,” Dean sighed
“Uhm, you hungry?” Dean asked because apparently he turns into a servant when he’s nervous, “Sam brought burgers,”
“You gotta hear me out first, man,” Dean said. Cas didn’t look at him, but didn’t stop him either, “I just...I’m really fucking sorry about all of that. Every one of those memories I was in,”
The ex angel just stood there, eyes full of tears and fear. Dean reached to him, grabbing him by the shoulders. Cas flinched at the touch, hard.
“Yeah, we’re supposed to find your happiest memory. The exit will be there,” Cas, deep in his thoughts just nodded, “What is it, by the way? Your happiest memory?”
Dean went silent again, trying to choose the right words. Just telling that story brought back the feeling of humiliation and weird isolation he felt that day.
They were standing in the hallway, right next to the Deancave. Soon the infamous and once glorious Team Free Will walked through the door and Dean and Cas followed them. Sam had a bowl of popcorn in his hands, Dean had many and many DVDs, while Cas carried his laptop. As they walked into the Deancave Sam immediately jumped onto the only armchair in the room, making Dean and Cas share the small couch. Neither seemed to mind.
“Nothing,” Cas said, “Watching the sunrise?” he offered. Dean nodded and looked into the horizon too. It was beautiful.
Cas learned a lot of things from Dean - almost everything he knew and was had been influenced by Dean. Struggle to express his feelings being one of those things. But Cas knew that Dean was a man of actions and appreciated actions more than words. So he let go of his hand and got up from the bed.
Cas moved on his bench, leaving space for Dean, silently inviting him. Hesitantly, Dean took the seat.
The sound filled the entire room, bouncing off of the walls, piercing the ears of everyone present. Cas screamed as if his body was being pulled apart, piece by piece. Dean could feel that sound physically wretching his heart.
“I think...I think that door is open,” Dean said and headed towards the door Naomi came through. She still stood there, her and Cas, frozen and motionless, but Dean speeded up when he passed them anyway. He stared at the ground, trying to ignore the biggest pile of bodies he had ever seen. Bodies with his own face.
Cas was dying and it wasn't a wound, it wasn't a gunshot, it was nothing that any human hospital could fix and as far as Dean knew, no one came up with healing centers for ex-angels hit with a deadly witch curse.
Dean saw himself there. As far as he was concerned, that day wasn't any special - definitely not worth becoming one of the most fundamental memories that would torture Cas years to come. The memory Dean was raking leaves, unaware of still full angel mode Cas standing behind him
But just like any other good thing in his life, that feeling didn't last. As Dean moved farther into the hall, he felt the atmosphere shift. Calmness turned into anxiety, the tension in the air became almost tangible, Dean himself became hyper aware of how little time he had and how serious the situation was. He reached for the first door, but before he could turn the handle, an all too familiar smell touched his nose. Dean took a step back and looked down
“You don’t,” Dean interrupted him, “I mean, I pretty much get what was happening there. Except for the last part,”
“I just...I never really celebrated my birthday. Not as an adult anyway,” he started, “We never had time, you know? Same with Sam’s birthdays, or Christmas’s. You don’t really feel like celebrating when the world is ending. Again,” Dean clenched his jaw, not knowing what kind of answer to expect from Cas. He kept his eyes on the road, but felt Cas’s gaze on his face.
Castiel wouldn’t admit that to Dean - or anyone else - but watching Winchester awkwardly smile and mumble thanks as Garth went on praising him and telling how much Dean meant to him was about the most amusing experience Castiel had ever had in all his time of existence.
“That’s a good happiest memory. It’s probably mine too,” Dean said. They looked at each other, with that intense yet warm glance they sometimes shared, but this time neither of them were going to drop it.
“Sam, fetch her something to eat,” he said. Sam knew that arguing was useless - nothing would make Dean leave Cas’s side now - so he got up and headed to the kitchen, “Oh, there’s nothing in the fridge,” Dean said.
Freshly human Cas clears his throat and looks down. When he meets Dean’s eyes again, his are slightly red.
The memory Dean walked up to Cas and pulled out his wallet. He took out all the cash he had and handed it to Cas.
His hands shaked slightly as he raised them to cup Cas’s face. His skin was soft and warm. Dean tried to remember every little thing about this moment.
“I truly am impressed, Dean,” Rowena went on, “That was a difficult curse to break. Stronger men failed,”
Dean cringed at his own smug smirk, but had to admit, the waitress was absolutely his type. Tall, blonde, gorgeous and knows it.
But Dean’s face was serious, pained and Sam could see how hard it was for Dean to say those words and how badly they tortured him.
Dean woke up quickly, aggressively, scaring the shit out of Sam and gaining a raised brow from Rowena. He sat up on a bed and took quick deep breaths, running his hand across his chest to make sure he was okay.
Cas’s mouth flew open, but no words came out. He just stared at the devil, while he smiled. Few more seconds, and Lucifer left. Slowly the lights went out around Castiel, leaving him alone and helpless.
It was like a spike, like a white hot arrow right into his heart. Dean fell on his knees, touching his unharmed chest. For a second he thought he was reliving what he was doing during that moment - bleeding out from getting stabbed in the chest, but the pain was different. It was Cas’s loss, his grief and Dean felt it. Felt every bit of it.
She was standing in the corner of the room, a warehouse actually, Cas by her side. His blade, his clothes, his face - all were covered in splashes of blood. The angel somehow looked simultaneously scared and numb. Dean couldn’t see him like that. Dean couldn’t look away.
“Dean,” Sam called out again and Dean was close to snapping, he really was, but stopped himself. He took a deep breath and leaned back on his chair, closing his eyes,
“Fuck no,” Dean said and reached for Cas’s hand. He grabbed his arm and squeezed it, “We’re getting out, you hear me?”
“Dean, Cas is our best friend,” Sam said and that almost cliche phrase made Dean want to roll his eyes, but he didn’t, “He’s proven his loyalty to us time and time again, how are you even doubting it?”
Only after Dean and the woman he doesn’t even remember the name of drove away, Cas got up. He added a couple banknotes from his own wallet to a small pile Dean left, smiled at another waitress that wished him a good night and left the diner. The memory froze.
For a few moments the two of them just stood there, looking at the fire, shoulders pressed together. It was a cold night, but quiet too. Dean took time to enjoy it.
“And besides, just the fact that you consider yourself a bad friend to Castiel and can admit it means that there is room for improvement,” she noted, “If you want to be a better friend to him, what’s stopping you?” she asked, “Or perhaps, more than a friend…”
“There is no way out,” Cas said, “You need to...you need to find a way to get Rowena to pull you out,” he sniffed, but his voice was firm now
"Come here," Dean led Cas to a booth not far from their old one. From there, they could see and hear everything their old selves were doing.
“If some other angel saved you, we’d all be dead by now. The whole world,” Sam interrupted Dean, “Because no other angel would rebel against heaven for us, no other angel would sacrifice himself time and time again,” Sam said, “No other angel would stay, Dean,”
Laughter flew over the room like the sweetest melody. Even Sam didn’t hold back, though he made a mental note to tell an equally embarrassing story about Dean sometime when it’s not his birthday.
“Hey, I’m hungry too,” Dean took the bags away from Sam and headed to the kitchen. Sam sighed and followed him.
"You will have to find Castiel. I don't know what form he might take there, it might very easily be his true form as an angel, so be prepared for that. Then, you will have to somehow convince him that you are there to help and not just another part of his imagination that is suddenly tormenting him. Once you do that, the curse must start fading, but you still need to hurry and wake him up," she explained
"Chastity," Cas remembered simultaneously as the woman introduced herself. In a few seconds she was leading poor Castiel away, leaving Dean to flirt with another woman he never learned the name of.
“It’s really not,” Cas said, but laughed too. Somewhere in the background Dean was stabbing Cas in the chest
the other Dean said and god he looked young. He smiled at Bobby, but Dean still remembers how shitty he felt.
“Cas,” he breathed out, taking a step towards his friend. Some part of him realized that it was too easy, that there’s no way the first door Dean opened would lead him to Cas, but he was too relieved to see Cas - awake and breathing - to care about his bad luck.
“I swear! I swear!” Dean repeated laughing even harder, his hand on Cas’s shoulder who was sitting right beside him, “Sammy was 7, i think?” Sam nodded, but everything about him told how much he did not want Dean to tell that story
“Calm down, will you? I didn’t do anything to your angel,” she said, “The screaming was the curse’s doing. It was meant to scare you off and make you leave him be,”
A shade of fear and shock creeped on Cas’s face, but he quickly got a hold of himself. He cleared his throat and looked down.
“Thanks for being here, Cas,” he said and it was a good start. Cas smiled more, but before he could answer they heard a very clear sound of a door unlocking. A door that was never there before.
“Why did I care?” Cas’s voice was harsh now, his gaze intense. Dean wanted to look away, but didn’t.
“It’s gonna be alright. We’ll get out,” Cas still wouldn’t meet his eyes, “Cas, I’m not asking you to forgive me, I will never forgive myself for that,” Dean said nodding at the door behind Cas, “But I need you to get yourself together. I need you to keep going. We’re gonna break this curse and we’re gonna get out,”
“So is yours, old man,” Cas smiled again, even bigger and damn it was beautiful. Dean needed to immediately stop staring at his mouth, he needed to move away and
“The nuns were in love. They couldn’t be with each other so they killed themselves and then decades later started killing other people,” Dean said, basically quoting the page from John’s journal. He had read that one many and many times.
“I need to make sure, alright? He wakes up and you can go,” for a moment Rowena just looked at Dean, clutching the purse in her hands. Then she sighed and sat back down
Dean cleaned the whole kitchen, washing and drying the dishes, randomly deciding to also reorganize the cabinet as he was meaning to do for weeks now, even wiped the floors. And still, it all took only one pathetic hour and didn’t take his mind off of...whatever.
“No, I fucking don’t! I don’t know anything, tell me!” Cas sighed and rubbed his face with his hand. He looked around himself, as if looking for help, but there was no one near, just the two of them and a ton shit of unsaid bullshit that started overflowing. Cas sat down on the bench, elbows on his knees.
He just watched the sunrise, trying to convince himself that everything really was okay and they could live through this without any changes. Cas was safe and it was enough. Cas was here and it was enough. Cas was his friend and it was enough.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Cas nodded and...that was about it. Neither knew what to say next and Dean’s jumping heart dreamed about the freedom and comfort it felt in the last memory they watched. There was nothing left of that feeling in the real world. Dean felt anxious and awkward, not knowing what to do with his hands or where to look.
“I didn’t ask what you needed, I asked what you wanted,” Cas corrected him once they reached the Impala. Dean’s knees reminded him of themselves once again as he sat on the driver’s seat.
“Cas, I know you don’t like it and I get it, trust me. I’d rather die than let anyone get into my head like that-”
“Hold on a second,” he started, but was interrupted by the bunker door opening and closing. The squeaking alone was terribly loud and when Dean checked on Cas, he saw him frowning and putting his hands over his ears.
Now this place wasn’t as easy to recognize. At first Dean thought it was one of the memories he wasn’t a part of, but as they moved further into this trashy roadside diner, Dean noticed the two of them sitting at the table together. It was hard to tell how old the memory was since Cas never changed clothes and Dean -  who was devouring a plate of fries - looked almost the same.
“Alright!” Dean said, “So you were upset because I left you alone in that diner? I mean, yeah, it’s a dick move I get it now,” Cas scoffed.
“As if that changes anything,” Dean said, “Angel or human, you’re still awesome and I still don’t deserve you,” Dean’s smile was sad, but sincere. He looked up and Cas’s face was so close, he saw every tiny scar, every laugh line. It took Dean’s breath away.
“What is this?” Dean looked down at the velvet box in Cas’s hands, “I said no presents! Why do I even bother making rules if you all just ignore them?”
“Back there you said you’re not asking for my forgiveness and you will never forgive yourself. I heard that,” Dean shook his head slightly. For some reason he dared to hope that that whole episode would be erased from Cas’s memory, “You should forgive yourself. Because I have,”
It’s dark, the only source of light is the ring of holy fire Castiel is standing inside of. He’s looking at Dean, at another Dean, the one who’s mad at him, the one who’s heartbroken and betrayed. The one who still has hope that all his doubts are false and empty and that his best friend isn’t working with the enemy.
Dean couldn’t look away, really. The way the sunrise painted Cas’s skin in all the warmest colors, the way his eyes shined with tears and happiness and it was so close to what he saw and felt in Cas’s happiest memory.
Out of all the family dinners Dean got to live through in his 41 years of life - which weren’t numerous - this one went by the quickest. By the time Sam announced that he had made a pie too and brought it on the table, it was already 9 pm, but the pie was welcomed nevertheless.
“Uhm, I’m not sure. Something...negative?” Dean said and Cas rolled his eyes, “I don’t know, you were upset I guess?”
Dean let his brother and his best friend talk shit about the poor movie all they wanted. He watched them with a small fond smile on his lips. At some point, he even leaned his head against Cas’s arm, but the angel was so deep in his conversation with Sam that he barely noticed.
“Alright, Dean, calm down,” Sam placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder, “You go check outside, I’ll check the garage,”
Still, holding hands, they approached it. Bleak light was coming from underneath it and it could either be the sign of their win, or another cheat that would throw them into more pain.
The door shut behind them, which never happened before. The sound brought back the panic that left Dean when he saw Cas. He reached for the door handle that expectedly didn't move. The door wouldn't open to matter how hard Dean tried and soon he gave up and left it alone.
“You had no way of knowing, Dean,” Rowena said. Dean nodded, “I assume you saw yourself in some of his memories,”
“Stop it!” he rushed to Rowena, rushed to push her away, to stop the screaming, but she didn’t move. Instead, Sam grabbed him, not letting Dean interrupt the witch, “Stop! You’re hurting him!”
His mind kept jumping around that theory, that one feeling Dean was pretty sure he felt in that diner, but saying it outloud seemed ridiculous, especially implying that it was something
“Thank you,” Dean said, voicing only a tiny part of what he was thinking at that moment. But the warmth in his eyes said the rest. He touched the bottle, watching how grace moved to where his fingers were, “Thank you, Cas,”
“I...I have no idea, actually,” Cas said after a moment of thinking. He looked up at Dean, maybe hoping for a suggestion from him.
"Right," Dean carefully laid Cas down on the bed. Looking at him like that was even worse. His coat was torn and Dean knew Cas would get upset over it, even though he had other clothes now. His face was expressionless, but not peaceful. The way his arms just laid there motionless and lifeless along his body, the way his chest almost didn’t rise, it all frightened Dean. Reminded him of the times he did lose Cas, reminded him of having to burn him.
"Cas, wait," Dean caught up to him, "You okay? I mean, seeing all that again, it gotta be difficult," Cas just stared at him, confused
“No,” Cas uttered, terror in his eyes. He looked at Dean and headed back to the door, “Come on, come on! Not this one,” Cas tried the door again and again, knowing damn well it wouldn’t open until they watch the memory to the end. At one point he stopped, but stayed there with his back turned towards the room.
“I want to tell you something, but if you’d rather prefer we didn’t discuss what happened, it’s okay too,” Cas said suddenly, almost startling Dean, but it was actually relieving to hear his voice.
“Jesus Christ, will you just let me finish?” Dean clasped his hand over Cas’s mouth. A bit extreme but it worked, “This is hard for me, man, if you keep interrupting I’ll never say what I need to say. And I need to say it,” wide eyed, Cas nodded. Dean took his hand away.
“What are you doing here?” Eileen asked as Dean walked into the kitchen, interrupting her conversation with Sam.
“I...I am so confused,” Dean chuckled and took Cas’s hand into his. This time Cas let him. Let him stroke his knuckles with his thumb and watched it with fear sparkling in his eyes. But with hope too.
“Maybe next time,” Dean smiled as if digging a grave of some asshole was a privilege you had to deserve. He took out his lighter and sent the said asshole on his last journey downstairs.
Cas was unstable on his feet and Dean stayed as closely as he could when they walked to the kitchen. Sam was still there too and his face lit up when he saw Cas.
“Yep,” Dean dipped his fry into the ketchup until it was completely covered. And then just threw it on his plate
Dean smiled and walked into the living room, silently giving his approval to the devil’s trap drawn under the rug. And then his eyes laid on the dining table.
Dean went to his room with an intention to at least change and then maybe watch something...or purposelessly stare at the ceiling, that could work too. But before that he decided to check on Cas, just to see if he was alright.
“Yes, Dean, you do. You know,” Cas said and he sounded hurt now. He looked up into the horizon once again and took a step towards the bunker.
Cas was staring somewhere ahead of himself, not even hearing Dean's question. Winchester looked around and recognized where he was right away
“What the hell?” Dean asked. Cas just shrugged. They walked deeper into the library and saw Cas sitting at the table.
With the deadly threats coming out of his own mouth as a background, Dean ran, crossing the bunker’s halls and walking into every room screaming Cas’s name.
anyway and Gabriel has left him alone at this table, so it doesn’t feel completely anti-social to pull out his phone and text his boyfriend. It takes him three attempts to unlock it which is
“That’s okay,” Dean says, not breaking his gaze, “Cas. Castiel.” Dean breathes, watching the way his gaze sticks to Dean’s skin. “I’m not lonely anymore. I’m not unhappy anymore.”
He is the exact opposite of okay. He’s exhausted and wrung out and emotionally drained. He’s vulnerable and he feels like just carved his own chest open. His brain is fried. He wants to crawl into his bed and sleep for hours, but he doubts he’s gonna be able to. Chances are, he’ll end up awake all fucking night remembering every damn word he said in those voicemails, till he’s feeling shitty and crazy enough to flood his liver with alcohol till he can’t think about it anymore. He wants to do that anyway, but he can’t. He can’t.
He said, after last time, that he wasn't going to do that again. That it wasn't worth it. That he wasn't doing
Castiel rips a page out of his notebook and drafts out a signed waiver because he thinks it’s amusing, and Dean has generally enjoyed his tendency to take things too seriously. He photographs it and texts it to Dean when he’s done.
“I won't take your calls. I'm serious about this, Dean. I don't want you to follow me, at all, but you'd never let me win that argument -”
"Hello, Dean," Cas says, curling a hand around the back of his neck and bringing their lips together. Cas' mouth is soft and lovely and they've made out enough these past few days that it shouldn't still feel novel and... fulfilling, but it is. It somehow has the ability to make Dean feel like he's not broken, like it rolls back everything crappy thing that Sam and Dad ever did and said. It's awesome, even if he's beginning to suffocate on how fleeting it all is.
“That we’ve moved in together,” Cas says, smirking just a little, “As this is such a milestone in our relationship, it’s important to me that you share it with your closest family members.”
You know, Sammy, that’s the first time I’ve ever heard you talk about our childhood without saying how much you hated it. Glad you’re looking after her. Talk soon.
and you have brought me significantly more joy than hurt. In pancake mix alone you have brought me more joy than hurt.”
“What about this scar?” Cas says, hands dropping down from where he held him in their hug, to brush over his arm instead. He knows Cas knows this one, but maybe that’s what they’re doing now.
He weighs up texting the guy at the front seat of his car for a little while, because they haven’t spoken for a couple of weeks. They don’t much, anymore, because Emmanuel is at his fancy fucking college and Dean is
“Roger that,” Dean says, hanging up and drinking another swallow of beer. He eats another two slices of dry toast when his stomach starts rumbling and he gets his laptop back out to resolutely
“You were found in a motel by a cleaner.” Castiel says, because Dean told him that part. He has every word that Dean has told him about this memorised and repeated in his attempts to try and ‘process it’ and… he
been a surprise given they’d half been talking about it for most of week before they actually took it to therapy and the whole
looks like Dean. He has the same jawline, same green eyes, same smile. His hair is darker, but there’s a familiar boy-ish, charming curve to his smile that shatters his fucking heart and shocks him into action, has him frantically scrolling through more of the article, to see, to know, if --
“It’s not the same,” Castiel says, “Circumstances were very different, but… I remember the day my mother died vividly. I dream about it, sometimes.”
“Are they,” Castiel says, taking the packet and turning it over in his hands. He’s drunk half a cup of coffee and eaten three slices of toast, so they’re likely out of the danger zone. “Legal?”
“Sorry sir,” Dean drawls, continuing to tip his chair back onto two legs because he gets a certain sense of satisfaction from
“ - Coffee,” Cas says, pressing the mug into his hands, all affable edges tightened into hard lines. Zach is a straight up, total douchebag and he’s at least ninety percent of the reason he thinks Cas shouldn’t be letting himself get more and more into the guy’s pocket. Seeing Cas
“Dude, we haven’t found time to screw in like two and a half weeks. We’re getting down tonight. And, another thing, we’re reinstating date night. Tomorrow,” Dean says, petulant and very aware that none of this is
that they have to talk about shit like this when he’s alive enough to have the conversation, but he also doesn’t exactly like using the parts of the week where he
A cold shower helps. It clears away the rest of the alcohol haze and then disorientating funk that’s always come with dissociating. He has to face down his scars which is never exactly a good time, but it feels like a more productive way to deal with his emotions than provoke his boyfriend.
cooking for himself. He’s too hungry to argue much, because his shared (slightly gay) breakfast was a long time ago. The garlic bread just made him hungrier.
He’s finished his toast, is half way through is coffee and less than a quarter of the way through reading Sam’s criteria for rating when his phone pings with an innocuous
The moment Castiel thought he might, he’d asked about his divorce instead, dragging their conversation back into serious and resolutely dodging his turn.
“I am very easy when it comes to you. You wouldn’t have had to do anything at all,” Cas says, voice sad, soft, the kind of intimate that makes his head real, “Gabriel… he didn’t know I hadn’t told you I was leaving. Hester told me that he staunchly defended my honour but he was exceptionally angry at me. I’ve never experienced him to be so serious about anything and I hope never to again. He… I think he decided that I had put him in a position where it was impossible for him to still be friends with you because of his loyalty to me and… and I am sorry, Dean, I am
like they were a given for a while, now, but there’s something about doing so right now that resparks the worry that seeing Dean had pushed down.
“There are mixed reviews,” Castiel says evenly. Dean squares his jaw and stands up to clear his mug off the coffee table and move his laptop. Castiel tracks his movement across the kitchen. “Does it matter?”
“Eight,” Emma says, taking another sip of her tea and looking nonchalant but secretly pleased and it takes him a minute, but then Emma smiles wider, brighter, and
“Yeah, well, I’m just looking forward to being back to busting my ass to pay college tuition next year.”
“And I meant that, Cas,” Dean says, using his spare hand to rub his neck, thinking. “You were the one who -”
“You kinda skipped that part of the story, Cas,” Dean says. It isn’t particularly argumentative. There’s no heat to it. It’s barely an accusation. It is an entirely level
“Yeah?” Dean asks, sitting down on the edge of his bed and forcing himself to breathe, “And how would that go?”
“I don’t know what I’m supposed to do,” Dean says, the words heavy and wooden, and like they’re coming from far away.
“Yeah, Dean, I also remember you saying you meet me for dinner on Friday,” Sam bitch faces, which looks extra ridiculous in his inaugural study-hoodie. There’s something about seeing a grown ass adult squeezed into a hoodie they bought they were seventeen which will never
’ and then he curled a finger so goddamn carefully, deliberately, watching him just because he wanted to know.
and he sleeps on a memory foam mattress in an apartment that doesn’t directly remind him of the fact that his little brother has more of a life than Dean does every time he walks past Sam’s old bedroom door. He has
“Well, I counted it,” Dean says, “But, the other stuff, uh… first hooked up a guy that summer after high school. You were backpacking or some crap. As for that whole coming out shtick, Sam kind of… figured it out about half an hour before
he’s generally pretty good at keeping stuff buried. Maybe every goddamn thing he tried to keep under wraps has been spilling out from the seams of his constructed persona lately, but
“My first Thanksgiving we were on a British cruiseliner with only a handful of American tourists, so I was lucky enough that it almost passed me by,” Dean says, voice hoarse for no good reason, “Then some bastard noticed my accent and wished me a happy Thanksgiving and I… it nearly floored me, Sammy. I had to keep smiling for this whole damn shift, then I went back to my bunk and I drank half a bottle of jack, neat. Christmas was worse. I nearly called you. I wish I had, but I… my head was fucked. I don’t know what I’d have said to you.”
out loud and… they have taken some persuading of Dean’s merits, which is understandable given the point that Hannah, Kelly and Meg entered his life. He has sat through several ‘coffee interventions’ and multiple
even though he’s fucking fine, really, except for feeling this raw vulnerability that comes out of nowhere and slaps him round the face, and next thing he knows someone’s bought him a cup of tea and is asking if there’s anyone they can call for him.
Dean wants to tell her that's because he's always been fucking missing, but his mouth's crossed over onto autopilot already. He's asking her if he needs to fly out and identify the body before the thoughts even occurred to him. He can feel Cas watching the back of his head with that weighty glare. He tells her that last time he'd heard from him he'd been in Indiana but it wasn't unusual not to hear from him for months at a time, so they hadn't been worried. He says he matches the description. He thanks her for her attempts to track him down and tells her he'll call her when he'd made arrangements with work. All of it comes out perfectly fucking calm, then she passes on her condolences, Dean chokes out a thanks and everything goes to shit.
and we’re apart for the longest we’ve ever been in our whole damn life, and his first act is to send this mugshot to every damn person I know.”
He makes it to the bathroom in time to throw up with his heart still racing and everything feeling so real that he can almost still smell it --- blood and damp and stale alcohol --- and he can’t do anything
“You sure?” Bobby says, “Speaking as someone who took his call right after you boys last met, I got a pretty good insight into what went down. What I got no idea about is what happened to make you jump ship altogether,”
“Yeah,” Sam says, switching his coke to his other hand to brush his hair out of his face. The fact that his hair is long enough to necessitate that is a different damn issue that Dean’s spent a lot of the last few months picking at. He’s got taller, too, but at least he’s slowed down with it, and he’s done half a decade of growing up in the last eighteen months. Some of that’s Dean’s fault, but there’s the good kinds of growing up too: college classes and parties; Jess and roommates and finally listening when Dean teaches him how to change his own oil. “Officially roommate-less.”
Carefully, he opens his laptop again, exits the page and clears his search history. It feels duplicitous, particularly not telling Dean that he read the information about the trial ---Dean
“You finished eating yet?” Dean asks, even though Sam’s still got a couple of potatoes and some green crap on his plate. The smell of the mustard sauce and the heavy weight of meal he scoffed down are beginning to make him feel nauseous, with all the
Particularly in the beginning of their long distance not-relationship, getting Dean to commit to voicing any kind of feelings about anything was like pulling teeth. Dean Winchester does not openly declare feelings after a year of distance. He
. He has that tattoo that does things to Castiel, despite never being particularly into them on anyone else, and he has some new scars that Castiel needs to learn about. New muscles he needs to acquaint himself with. Skin he needs to reintroduce himself too.
here and he has absolutely no idea what’s going to happen if Sam inserts a freaking gender into his next question. He’d have to just say it. He’d have to just… say that Cas is six foot very dude-like dude with a voice that perpetually sounds like he’s just been to a rock concert and abs and really nice shoulders. He’s pretty sure he’s dating a guy. It’s happening. Dinners and coffee and texting and all of that junk.
“ - what's this?” Dean asks, picking up something else. His smile is back now, with a vengeance, like he’s lit up with some secret joy locked in his chest and… and Dean didn’t freak out. He didn’t tell Castiel
“I know,” Claire says, something pulling at the corner of his mouth. “Do you know how great that is?”
how having so few other commitments on my time has made this… easier and I --- I don’t know, Dean, I might not feel like that forever, but
Not much has changed about the beach house in the eight or so years since Dean was last here: there’s the same slightly peeling paint on the porch, and the same worn old deck chairs that creak in protest when you open them and the same square of pool that’s not quite long enough to swim properly. Really, it’s always been more of a
Cas to meet Sam right at the beginning of his evening, which is more or less what he’s just done. Indirectly, but it’s all there in the subtext.
“I did,” Sam says, “What I’m trying to say is… Dean, I’ve been giving you a hard time about this and I should have been… building you up, instead, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry about
. That one's easy. Bobby's favourite dish, delicately moulded back to how Dean liked it before he let Marv twist things in his head. Change of cheese, change of sauce, delicate rebalancing of the onion ring.
, Dean. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know, and you are the strongest man I’ve ever met. It is a privilege to sit with you. I don’t know what I’m doing, Dean, but…  if all I ever get to do again is sit with you while you’re in pain that would be my greatest honour.”
,  which is more or less an apology to Dean, but he keeps it in Cas style: about his goddamn menu, rather than about them, but freaking obviously also about them.
He should start work, really, but he's much more interested in a third coffee and shooting the shit with Cas than this freakin oil change. Goddamn Mondays.
“No idea what you’re talking about,” Dean says, taking his coffee with a grimace. He can't face food yet, but coffee will help. It'll get the crappy taste of stale alcoholic out the back of his mouth, anyway.
"How the hell are you still hungry?" Sam asks, falling into the swing of things a little late, but getting there anyway. It figures. He and Cas worked out this rhythm a long ass time ago. Sam's playing catch up. Dean's not sure how he feels about that.
Dean puts the lobster in the freezer and retreats to their bedroom to try and attempt to get some fucking sleep.
“Why didn’t you call any of them, Cas?” Dean asks, quiet, “They’d have gotten to your drunk ass quicker than I would’ve done. I get that we have the shitty-fathers thing in common, but it’s…”
“Then turn the oven off right now, come down here for a goddamn hug, and wait till I clock off before we finish it off,” Dean says, “Cas, you’re more worried about me meeting the rest of your family than this, you’re just - projecting.”
as the day he was born, not that Dean can talk), then Dean’s got a pair of arms wrapped around his middle and Cas’ fingers skating over stomach. “
“The Principle called me into his office to ask me about parents evening,” Sam says, pulling up the other chair to sit down next to him, a little unsure. “They didn’t know what to do about it because of the whole… emancipation thing. So they asked if I wanted one.”
and warm and solid and sexy as hell, saying all this stuff about wanting a relationship and spilling more truths. Good truths.
“Yeah, Castiel, about Dean. I remember the last two goes round this merry-go-round and that shit wasn’t pretty -”
“Washing up, huh?” Dean asks, settling very close behind him as Castiel pretends to be unaffected. “You know, Cas, even when I
before Dean told him that he was really bothered about Pamela wanting to stick at her ‘souless corporate restaurant job’ instead of coming back. All in all, he’s operating on about thirty percent new staff, which is both
“I’m not,” Sam smiles, “Dean, you know I’m proud of you, and I’m really happy for you guys. This is going to be good, for both of you. Just —-
“Okay,” John says, a gruffness that reminds him a little of Bobby, but without some of the warmth, “I’ll think about it.”
“I got a pack of information about taking a voluntary redundancy in my hands, along with a list of jobs that are gonna exist after the big reshuffle. How’s your Tuesday going?”
the guy because he’s a special snowflake with magic healing powers, just… getting better enough to notice when awesome people are trying to catch my eye. Not saying I don’t like him a lot. Guy’s incredible and I'm bummed he's so far away, but this is real life. We gotta save ourselves.”
angry, they will be okay. An argument might even be helpful; they’ve always been better at yelling each other about their feelings than talking about them and he
By the time he’s stopped crying and he’s settled, head on Dean’s shoulder, it’s started to rain. Unhurried, thick rain that brings with it a heavy stillness.
“No maybe about it,” Bobby says, “You think your brother knows what the hell he's doing just cause he’s got that smarmy ass degree? That this boy of yours
“Then why are you drinking mine, old man?” Dean asks, topping his mug off and sitting back down, picking up a slightly-battered book that has been left on his side of the table. “What’s this?”
“Dean, you are forcing me into doing something I really did not want to do,” Cas says, achingly serious, “I am going to have to cook for you.”
Dean picked the movie theatre, and it’s one of those places that has sofas rather than seats that charges double the price for the concept, but Dean seems to find a lot of childlike joy in claiming the ‘best sofa’ which makes it worth it. He also picked the movie, which is definitely secondary to Castiel’s priority when it comes to the date, but seems tolerable enough.
She's got that glint in her eye like she read every single last status update and every freaking wall post and all the rest of the crap that was once contained on that webpage. Rants about cars and mullet rock and dumbass remarks about his lit homework, but most of all she looks like she knows about
“Unarguably, we have both fucked up,” Castiel says, glancing up as Inias renters the room in his dressing gown. He has gone to the effort of showering to try and delay monopoly, which is a much stronger commitment than any of the rest of them have gone to.
“As much as Sam’s a frigging cry baby, I think I need me one of these burgers,” Dean grins, “Cas, how about it we check it out some point this week?”
“Okay,” Castiel says, eyes fixed on the television, not looking at him. He’s still upset, which isn’t surprising. He’s wearing it more obviously than he has been lately, though, which is part a good thing and part a little jarring.
The levee breaks in the beach house master bedroom, twenty years after they first visited the place.
“Thanks, Sam,” Dean says, pulling them out of the parking lot and taking a left to the nearest drive-thru. He takes a wrong turn back from Bobby’s after they’ve picked up their food on purpose, because things feel
Lisa emerges from her bedroom fifteen minutes later as Dean's planning out his route to New Haven. It's still a damn long way, but if he takes a straight route and avoids passing through any cities, he reckons he can do it easy before Cas does something else stupid. A day if he gets back behind the wheel soon and drives all day with his foot to the floor.
Dean’s mouth is very dry. He continues to focus sixteen times more than he needs to on the grilled cheese, because
and it all fucking sucks, but tonight his baby girl is going to stay in her childhood room and she’s going to spend her life loving broken-kids with a woman she pretty much saved and that’s awe-inspiring stuff. And
Sam and he talked about this on the drive down here. He actually went and dragged the whole shitty thing up in the full technicolour detail that Dean sure as shit wasn’t going to share with Sam when he was a pig-headed teenage kid, but enough distance and journeys of self acceptance and therapy and all that shit has happened that they actually got into it.
“There's no pie,” Castiel says, following him into the kitchen, even though it's useless and he’s not really committed to any of this being a surprise, anyway. He
“I don’t need you to apologise for the way your trauma affects you,” Cas says, “I just need you to give me all the information I need to help you. “
“I am not using underhand tactics to railroad you into a relationship you don't want, Dean. I don't understand why labelling something is such a problem from you in the first place, but I
I didn’t know and then —- I mentioned it to Kelly, and she was very worried, and then — and then Meg disappeared. And then she got very, very high, and she — I tried to speak to her and it was a disaster, and then —  then Kelly and Hannah told me about her feelings.  Apparently, everyone knew. I did not know.”
to know. You were too busy butting heads with Dad about moving around so much to ask questions about someone I wasn't even dating.”
is where it all starts to blow up in his face. When Dean looks at him and tells him he’s an imbecile, because they haven’t known each other for that long, and it at beginning it was so ridiculous and complicated and --
“That,” Dean says, after he’s taken his first sip and decided that Cas took his invitation as what it was, and definitely bought the best stuff in the place. “Is freakin’ delicious. Hey — thanks.”
“Idjit,” Bobby mutters, plating up the first two pieces of french toast and passing it to him “Take this to your brother.”
“I already booked the time off work. Gabriel was intending to ‘cheer me up’ so I’m sure missing that will save me on therapy bills,”
, of Dean Winchester proposing, and of one day telling their children the ridiculous story of how they got together, rather than the interviewer from one of the fastest growing online newspapers/magazine startups Castiel has stumbled across over the past few years.
(And, remembering Dean tearing out an ‘I love you’ in the middle of the night last year makes a lump swell in the back of his throat. It’s almost a year to the day that Dean declared that he’d forgiven him for all of it. Why do they always have such terrible timing?)
, not sit around her chatting about this… this dumb, crap, so just. Drop it. Forget it. Don’t talk to me about this.”
and takes the ealier turning to pull up outside Dean’s appartment block rather than his own. Part of the reason he
“Way I see it. You and me? We’re the same, Dean,” Benny says, “We aint made to be house trained. We don’t fit. And after a while, that starts to weigh on you. When that starts getting to you? I’m right here,”
? Goddamnit, Sam, I've had you in there three time since Cas wrote that stuff, and now you think there's a problem with my food?” Dean demands. Sam’s not the least bit apologetic about it. He’s just
,” Sam says, looking up at him carefully, “I think - you told Marv to run the management stuff, Dean, but you never got him on the same page as you, and honestly the stuff he's done is technically business sensible - cutting down the menu size was good. Adding more tables. The wine list. Those things
“Your issue is the way that hypothetical information was relayed?” Cas asks, from all the way in fucking
me we were gonna buy a freakin’ house. We - we’ve had that plan for years. This part where you become Zachariah’s bitch is all brand new.”
need to think about this, but if he turns up at Dean’s apartment at two in the morning looking like he’s about to cry or throw up Dean will probably have questions and
Plus, Cas comes back upstairs balancing coffee, toast, a bag of presents over his arm and his tablet, which already has the distinct tones of an over-excited three year old screaming
“Man, you wanted to pull off this not caring about my birthday crap, you shouldn't have gone to town on the birthday sex this morning.”
Dean pushes past her and gets to the toilet just in time to throw up in the sink. Fuck, fuck and fuck. He called Sam last night, again. Dean needs to delete his frigging number again, like the damn thing isn’t burnt into his skull. Shit.
he wasn’t exactly subtle, but he’s never invited comment before. He’s never really talked it out with anyone.
that you had someone else to call given everything, but you -- that’s what she said to me, when we met.
. A lot of the time you were just trying to piss me off, but now you just… I don’t know, you’re all intense and
Bobby quirks an eyebrow at him in concern when he re-enters the room ten or so minutes later feeling a little calmer. John freaking Winchester has a beer wedged between his knees with some dumb cop show playing on the TV and Dean’s pretty sure he would rather be freaking
“Pretty quick?” Dean asks, “Dude, one second we were like ‘we should look into property prices’ and the next second we got a fucking mortgage. What the hell, man? Then we’re picking out more frigging furniture and just, I don’t know… my head’s a mess.”
Sam sits on the arm of the sofa and chews it over in his head for a few long seconds, then nudges him with his knee. When he speaks again, he sounds softer. More like the kid brother who used to crawl into Dean’s bed whenever either of them were sad.
“Winchester,” Gabriel says, showing up out of nowhere and sliding into Cas’ empty seat. Gabriel’s already gone from looking like a put-together respectable member of society for the ceremony, to looking a lot like the guy who ate a stack of sixteen pancakes at the buffet breakfast earlier that day while Dean sat and watched in abject horror. He lost his jacket awhile back, he’s loosened his tie and untucked his shirt, and he looks a lot more comfortable for it.
“That’s because for most of your teenage years you were attractive and popular enough that everyone only told you what you wanted to hear until, of course, no one would talk to you at all.”
Mostly, that was because it was the only damn thing he could find that didn’t have sex or gore in, but it has that comfort-blanket effect now. It was pretty reminiscent of their childhood, actually, with Sam sleeping on the other side of the bed so he was
Dean pulls back just enough to look at him, eyebrow half rising. He looks worn out enough that it’s tempting to abandon the whole initiative but
Dean can’t even bring himself to come up with an argument against that. If the roles were reversed, Dean’s pretty damn sure that he wouldn’t be able to deal with anywhere near as much grace and level headedness. It’s pretty likely if Cas mentioned that his douchebag ex-husband so much as raised his voice at Cas, Dean would hunt him down and rip his goddamn head off.
He looked slightly younger, but not young enough to not feel real. So when his angry tired eyes pierced into Cas’s, it was really hard to remember that they were fake.
“Thank you,” Cas said again once his meal was finished. He got up and picked up his plate, but Dean took it from him.
"Dean…," Rowena looked and sounded as if she was talking to a child. Dean wanted to get annoyed at her, but he still saw unconscious Cas with his side vision and the fear he had for him drowned all other possible emotions, "If you go there, you will see all Castiel's deepest, darkest secrets. His regrets, what he is embarrassed of. You will not have the time to freak out, you will have to act quickly. Are you sure you can do it?"
Rowena agreed to help even without making them beg, saying that having an IOU from the Winchesters is an asset too powerful to miss and they decided to meet at the bunker.
Towards the room that smelled like blood and had hundreds and hundreds of dead clones of Dean Winchester on the floor.
“Dean, you say it as if being an asshole is some kind of lethal diagnosis,” Rowena said, “And would an asshole put his own sanity on the line to save his friend?”
“Hey, are you mad at me or something?” Dean got no answer to that, “I’m sorry for the invasion of privacy, but you were kind of dying. What, I was supposed to just let that happen?” Cas shrugged, “No. I don’t care what I see there, we’re getting out of here,”
Dean thought to himself and unfortunately he did have a question he wanted to ask Cas, but it seemed too risky. The last thing Dean wanted was to upset or embarrass Cas, but he knew that if he didn’t ask this question, he’d regret it forever. So with a heavy sigh, Dean turned to Cas.
“Well, it’s all three of us together, no one is dying, there are no threats upon us, at least not ones that we know of. You and I aren’t in a fight, neither are you and Sam,” Cas said, “What else could I want?”
“I don’t know how he knew. I never told him, or Sam, or anyone else. I knew...I knew who I was since I was freaking 15 and never told anyone till a couple months ago. But he knew. And that hunt was a message to me. He didn’t even have enough balls to confront me and instead sent me, a freaking 17 year old scared kid to kill gay nuns,” Dean chuckled, but the tears on his cheeks showed how hurt he was. How hurt he still is. Cas took his hand, but didn’t try to stop Dean. He wanted him to get this off his chest.
“Well, Rowena said the spell will be fighting back, trying to scare me off. Good thing I don't scare that easy,” Dean forced a smile and Cas gave him a slight nod.
“Because!” Dean snapped,  “Wanna know what his worst memory is? The worst memory of an angel who’s been around since the dawn of time, who has seen civilizations start and fall, who watched all human tragedies possible and died billion fucking times? Wanna know the one thing that hurt him the most?” Dean almost yelled out.
"Oh, what did you do to the poor angel now?" was her version of greetings, but seeing angry tears forming in Dean's eyes, her demeanor changed, "Samuel, open the door," she said.
Dean wouldn't. He hated that he had to trust a witch (even Rowena) with this, but if it meant saving Cas, he'd do it. He took a step back and let Rowena work
“I’m gonna go check on Cas,” he said, leaving the room but heard Sam’s heavy sign even in the hallway.
“No,” Dean answered, “I’m trying to get you to wake up. Rowena is helping. We’re in your head right now,”
He was in a hospital room now. The one Dean wouldn’t confuse with any other. He saw his brother laying on his bed. He saw himself and Cas standing in the corner of the room. Cas was apologizing, saying that he couldn’t fix Sam and Dean saw disappointment and a slight of anger on his own face. He didn’t need to watch the rest of the scene - he remembered exactly what happened and what it cost them.
“Well, at least the blood is gone,” Dean said, tapping on the clean floor with his boot. Cas frowned.
Cas was there too, tied to one of the chairs in the library with tape over his mouth. He watched as the devil approached him with a winning grin. There was no fight on Castiel’s face.
Carefully Dean knocked on Cas’s door and waited, but heard no sound coming from it. No gruffy “come in”, no ruffling of the bedsheets, no snoring. Dean knocked again, this time louder, but got the same reaction.
“It was...bad,” he started, “Worse than I expected. I could feel what he was feeling at the moment, and it was...really intense,”
Dean could hardly hear Cas’s voice from the bottom of the grave he was digging. He stopped and took a breath
Maybe the curse was getting weaker, or maybe they just got lucky, but the memory of their first meeting (their meet-cute, as Dean thought, but held himself back from saying) wasn’t altered and ruined. It stayed the way it was - dark and scary and perfect. On their way to the next door Dean even thought that it might be it - Cas’s happiest memory, and when the door opened and he saw the bunker’s walls, he almost believed that it really was and that they made it out.
Dean seemed to have come out of the stupor he was in. He turned to Cas, squeezed his hand back and let out a sad chuckle.
“I...that feeling comes every time I see you with someone else,” Cas admitted. Dean’s heart was jumping in his chest, “And now that I’m human again, it’s so much worse. And I tell myself that it shouldn’t matter and that your happiness is the only important thing and it’s true, “ Cas looked up in the end of that sentence, as if to be more convincing, “I want you to be happy, whatever that means to you, but...humanity made me selfish,” he said and looked away again, “I wasn’t going to tell you any of this, of course, but now that you saw all that...it’s probably useless to keep it away from you,”
Cas stood beside them, concern painted on his face. Dean could already see the portal. Benny’s soul entered his body and Dean could almost feel that sensation again. What he did feel for sure was Cas’s calmness. His determination and confidence in what he was going to do. Dean already knew Cas was never going to leave with him, but seeing it now opened up the old wounds.
Castiel’s expression didn’t change, he kept staring at the fake dead Dean, but what he saw didn’t evoke anything in him. It was like his heart grew colder with every second and Dean would do anything to stop feeling
“I came back to the motel that day, covered in dirt and blood, and then i started thinking - maybe it’s just a coincidence, maybe he didn’t mean anything by it. But then dad looked at me...i don’t even know how to describe that look. And I knew it wasn’t a coincidence. It was his way to tell me that this is what people “like that” get. And from then on my birthdays just became anniversaries of that day. I stopped acknowledging them all together,”
“So, Dean,” she started and by her tone alone Dean could tell he wasn’t going to like this conversation, “Enjoyed what you saw?”
Once again, Cas just nodded. He turned around and took the stairs. One last sad look down, at Dean, at the bunker and he was gone.
“By Taylor Swift personally,” Eileen said, pleased with herself, “You’re lucky she’s releasing cassettes, since you refuse to put at least a CD player in your car,”
Cas took a deep breath and approached one of the doors. His hands shook, he wasn’t stable on his legs. But he was strong. The strongest.
“Alright, buddy,” he patted his shoulder and got up. Rowena was standing by, smirk on her lips and purse in her hands.
"I know you were talking to him on the phone the other day. You're not that sneaky," Dean said once the Bunker was out of their sight.
“As much as you don’t want to admit it, Dean, you changed Castiel fundamentally and every painful memory you may or may not have caused shaped him into a person he is right now,” she said, tone way more gentle, “I find that person rather spectacular. Do you?”
“Too late, Winchester,” the voice, not quite Dean’s, said, “I already broke him,” the witch spoke through Dean’s mouth, smirking. Around them, the whole bunker was falling apart.
“Yeah. Yeah, I did,” Dean pat his brother on the shoulder, “Same thing next year? Maybe by then you guys will need a bigger house,” Dean said wiggling his eyebrows. Eileen and Sam exchanged a look and chuckled
Cas seemed way more calm and collected now. He walked into the hallway and waited for Dean to decide what’s next.
Dean paced towards Cas, hoping to get him and drag him out of this room before he does what he did, before he for the millionth time sacrifices his own health to help the Winchesters. Dean wants to yell at himself to stop Cas, to try to think of a better solution, but he doesn’t have time for that.
“Yeah, Cas told me. Count it as a thank you for bringing me back from the dead. Again,” Dean frowned, “Come on! Open!”
Instead, he forced himself to let it go, to let the scene happen as it did before and look for real Cas while he still had the time.
At least the dream version of Dean didn’t follow Cas. He just stood there, getting more and more angry with every moment.
that was a lot and dangerously close to the things that he definitely should not say outloud to Cas.
do to that witch?” Rowena crossed her arms against her chest, “This curse is...cruel. It is personal. I have only used it a handful of times,”
“Are you coming to bed or will you just stand there the whole night?” he asked. Cas chuckled awkwardly
“The blood. It was all over the floors here, it came from under the doors and everything,” Cas seemed confused, “You didn’t see it?”
“I wonder what memory the curse would show you, if you were the one saving me,” Dean started and for some reason he didn’t feel nervous at all, “Especially if it wanted me to feel embarrassed or something,”
“Cas, you’re there?” he reached out and gave one last try to the door. It opened, “Yes! Cas, let’s go,”
"Lisa Braeden's place. Yes," Cas replied. They stood in front of this big seemingly perfect house that gave Dean...the happiest year of his life? A very difficult one?
Dean gripped the steering wheel till his knuckles were white. Some part of him screamed that he should have let Sam drive and he should be the one on the backseat with Cas, but Dean didn't trust Sam to drive fast enough and himself to keep his cool if he actually got to see Cas's face turn paler and paler with every mile and his breath slow down.
“Don’t tell me this is your happiest memory,” Dean said to Cas. The other man just smiled and shrugged
And that thought wasn’t that surprising to Cas. He knew it, of course he did. Sam would always be a priority to Dean, no matter what - Cas knew it.
“Most of them,” Dean said, looking down at his hands, “It’s...I was a part of most of Cas’s worst memories. Hell, I started most of them,”
This realization that there wasn’t no one to know, no one to decide it for them washed Dean over with a new wave of happiness. He grinned, feeling free and happy.
Dean looked at Cas and thought about the heartbreak he endured that day, the heartbreak Dean got to feel too. You don’t get over stuff like that, even if you forgive the other person.
"Essentially, yes," Rowena replied, "Except those wouldn't be just his dreams. I will have to teleport your consciousness into his. You will see everything he's seeing. You will have to find him and wake him up,"
Dean was fast, but Cas was faster. Dean saw the glimpses of the trench coat among the trees, but that was it.
Loud and happy barking filled the walls of the Bunker as soon as Dean and Cas opened the door. Miracle ran to them, jumping at Dean, making him drop his bags. Dean kneeled in front of the newest member of their family and let him show how much he missed Dean while he was gone.
Meanwhile, the younger Dean just couldn’t take his eyes off the poor waitress. Or not poor - she seemed to reciprocate completely, touching Dean’s arm as she placed down his cup, looking at him from across the diner.
“No, seriously, Cas, why would you even assume I’d let you stay here?” Dean looked at Cas, who wouldn’t take his attention off of the door.
"We're going to Sam's, right?" Dean asked as Cas was physically pushing him towards his own car. Dean kept bickering about cheating on Baby, but though Cas wasn’t an angel anymore, he still was strong. He slammed the door after Dean, let Miracle to the backseat and sat down at the driver’s seat
Cas was sitting up on his bed when Dean walked in. He was tightly wrapped in his blanket and Dean’s heart jumped in his chest as he watched Cas rub his eyes.
Dean felt his pain. But it was so much more...different than those that other memories brought. Cas felt cheated, betrayed. Even if he accepted Dean’s lame excuse, it still meant that Dean didn’t mind throwing Cas off on the streets, as long as his brother was safe.
“Dean, it was a curse designed to make me lose my sanity,” Cas cut him off, “It took all fears and negative thoughts I ever had and threw them in my face. It was hard at the moment, but I’m fine. You have nothing to apologize for,”
“Yeah, probably,” Dean agreed, “I mean, you know that what he...I...it said was a bunch of bullshit, right?” Cas looked down again, “Cas. You know that, right?”
“Cas…,” Dean wanted to cry. He was too late, “Cas, this isn’t real,” he said, “This whole thing, purgatory, leviathan, it happened years ago, man. We both got out, remember?”
“Yeah,” he said. Cas just stared at him until suddenly his eyes softened and he looked away with a sigh.
Some part of him realized where Rowena was coming from. Yes, he wasn't exactly a poster child for calmness and peace, he tended to overreact and could be harsh at times, especially when it came to people he loved getting hurt. He was also aware that Cas probably wouldn't want Dean going through his head like that.
“You can share with me,” Rowena said and her voice showed that Dean absolutely should not share with her, “Oh, Dean, come on. I am just offering emotional support, as a friend,” she said, “Trust me, if Castiel’s fears and thoughts were of value to me, I’d already have them,”
The bench was small, but enough for two people. They only put it there only a few weeks ago, when Cas started expressing his appreciation for sunsets and sunrises. Dean actually made the bench himself - with the help of many and many YouTube videos on carpenting and a lot of innocent wood completely ruined, but Cas’s smile was worth the effort.
“You talk too much,” Dean said and pulled Cas out. The zombie Dean kept yelling and spitting out threats, but Dean didn’t hear them anymore. He opened the door and pushed Cas out.
“Cas, you listen to me,” Dean reached to touch his shoulder and Cas covered his face with his hands. The blood seemed to flow faster, “Cas, dammit, listen to me!”
“Hold on,” he said, “What does it even mean,’ you don’t have any right to be jealous’? So you were?” Dean asked, air quotes and all. Cas frowned for a second, visibly nervous.
“Well, Castiel does spend an awful amount of time with you and your brother, so it would only make sense that you are an important figure in his life,” she tried to elaborate, but Dean shook his head
And then, Dean's phone was quite literally exploding. All of his phones. People kept calling - Jody, Donna, the girls, (Claire's congratulations were the ones that came close to making Dean cry, but he managed to "man up" and get himself together), then Bobby, and even a few hunters that Dean had only encountered a few times in his life. Those calls were especially awkward, since the hunters never know how to show their affection and appreciation towards someone else and Dean is only on a beginner level of dealing with his feelings like a proper human being.
“Then stop talking about it,” Cas said and this time he sounded angry. It surprised Dean, but he needed to say what was on his mind. It was a now or never type of situation.
“Oh nothing ever is! You trusted Metatron, you went to him even when I needed your help! If it wasn’t for you, maybe Sam would be okay now,”
Dean would be happy to fall asleep just like that, stay like that till the morning, wake up in Cas’s arms. But he pulled away and sat up on his side of the bed.
“Cas, we’re so close, one last push, okay?” Dean had tears on his eyes but paid no attention to it, “Just look at me, man, please. Look at me,”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said into his shoulder. Dean sighed in relief and hugged Cas back, pulling him even closer and hiding his face in his neck.
“Dean, you don’t have to say it,” Cas said because of course he did. Of course he would wait for Dean to grow a pair and admit what he was feeling even if it took another 12 years, “It’s okay,”
The rest of the drive was mostly silent, but two of them found comfort in that silence. Dean was humming along to whatever was playing - even if it wasn’t an old song from his record collection and Cas didn’t tease him about that. He watched lights pass them, watched unfamiliar streets turn into the ones that led him home, watched how Dean relaxed as they approached the bunker. He didn’t consider that conversation over, but felt like continuing it would be an example of “bad timing” . Dean always said he had an issue with that. Cas agreed and sincerely tried to correct it.
“I was planning to do some grocery shopping on the way home from the hunt, but...well,” he shrugged. Sam just put out his hand and Dean threw him the keys to Baby.
3 minutes to just completely figure Dean out? He still remembered how exposed he felt under Cas’s intense stare. 12 years passed and not much changed. Cas still stares, he still stands too close, and he still
“We did. I mean, it wasn’t as great as today, but at least we acknowledged my birthday,” Dean said, “Dad would go easy on me those days, give me a beer maybe, or some extra pocket money. Last time that happened was my 16th birthday,” Dean went silent and Cas waited for him to continue, watching shadows playing on his face as cars passed the house
But the blood didn't collect. It didn't build up, hardly touched the walls. It just kept flowing forward, like an actual river would, making noise that Dean couldn’t wait to get away from.
“But that’s all you do. Ever,” Cas shook his head, keeping his eyes on the road, “Really. I don’t need special occasions, or holidays, or...or presents. I have everything I ever wanted,” Dean said with a smile, “Sam is safe and happy, the world is more or less safe, you are here. What else could I want?”
Slowly, Dean took his hand away from Cas’s mouth. He smiled and his eyes were full of tears. Dean’s were probably too. He wouldn’t know.
For a second Cas just looked at him, his face unreadable. That Dean was oblivious to the pain in Cas’s heart, but this one felt it. And was surprised by it.
Dean looked at the other Cas, but even his feelings didn’t help much. Cas was tired and hurt after the hunt, but not severely. He seemed pretty content, actually, listening to Dean’s story even though it was boring even to Dean himself and
The real Dean stood there motionless, eyes on Cas, who watched Dean go. He watched him as he approached the waitress, he watched him as he took her by the waist and led her out of the diner, not once looking back. Cas watched him through the window as Dean kissed her before getting her into the car on the front seat, the one Cas should be occupying.
Dean listened to Cas and couldn’t really register what he was saying, so he had no idea what to respond. Cas didn’t look like he expected an answer though.
“I just...fuck,” he sighed, frustrated and rubbed his hand over his face. Now that Cas gave him his full attention and stared at him as intensely as he often does, it became so much harder to find the words. Still, he felt such an intense need to say it all to Cas. Whatever it was, physical and emotional exhaustion, Dean’s discovery of Cas’s ability to
Kisses bled one into another and soon Dean lost count, lost all connection to the reality and all that existed was Cas and his lips and his fingers in Dean’s hair and the way he moaned against his mouth, the way they whispered ‘i love you’s to each other over and over again and it wasn’t awkward anymore, it wasn’t weird, it was just incredible. Incredibly right.
“Shit, no,” he tries again, tries to catch Cas by the blood and black ooze stained trench coat, and nothing works. Frustrated Dean punches the wall, but his fist goes right through it. He’s useless here.
"Let's go," Cas said, pointing at a fence door suddenly unlocking. Cas walked through it first. Dean took one last look at the house and followed him.
Dean closed his eyes. Trying to process and imagine what Cas was going through was too terrifying and painful. Dean needed to focus on the solution.
"I couldn't visit you often," Cas said, still avoiding eye contact, "But from time to time I did. To make sure you were safe, that you were adjusting well,"
“Castiel is trapped in his own mind,” she started, “He is aware of what is going on, more or less, but soon it’ll change. The curse is showing him his worst memories, his fears and regrets. The more he’ll try to wake up and get out, the deeper he’ll wander into his own mind, which will become a darker place with every second. This will go on until he loses his sanity. And then his body will give out, which wouldn’t happen if he was still an angel, but oh well,”
“And you’ll do the same thing to him one day. You know it,” the corpse looked at Dean now and Winchester almost let go of Cas. Those gray-ish eyes took one look at him and reached his very soul, “You know it, Cas, you know, it doesn’t matter how much you try to care, how much you love him,
“How many times do I have to tell you, huh? Why are you making this difficult?” the other Dean said. Cas was preoccupied with the bathroom door, “You are not welcome here!”
And maybe if this happened a few (more like 10) years ago, he would be. Maybe if he still was the person (angel), he was then, he wouldn't let a thing like that happen to him in the first place and maybe if he had a second to spare, he'd contemplate more about how sudden and short life is and how none of that was ever supposed to apply to him.
“I…,” Dean sighed, trying to get a hold of his thoughts, “I was a bad friend to him. All this time, I was an assole, still am,”
Dean tried to focus on the door, on getting them out of here, on making this corrupted version of himself shut up, but nothing worked and he kept throwing glances at Cas, who slowed down with every poisonous word that came out of Dean's clone.
“So I’m giving you this here because I want to see your genuine reaction,” Eileen said as she came back, hands behind her back.
Dean took a pause, thinking on whether it was even worth it to share these thoughts with Rowena. Yes, she was a smart woman, understanding one, but nothing about her was trustworthy. Still, Dean felt the words jumping in his throat.
Dean felt like a character from a cheap family movie as they drove up to Sam’s and Eileen’s house and saw them standing on the street, waiting for them. Inside he groaned, but managed to keep a smile on.
The silence was blissful. So was the absence of the smell. Dean still had his hands on Cas’s shoulder when they found themselves in a new room, that wasn’t specifically a room. It was a barn.
“So...Rowena said the curse is supposed to start fading when I find you. Do you feel any different?” Dean asked
“Today fucking sucked and going through your worst memories like that was fucking scary and hard, but I’d do it again, for you. I’d do anything. And I’ll try to be better, I swear, I’ll try to be a person who deserves you, but man, you gotta know,” Dean said and took a deep breath, “I love you. I have for so long and fuck it feels good to say it,” Dean sighed. Cas’s eyes softened, but Dean still wouldn’t let him speak, “I really do. I love you,”
Even Cas broke laughing when he saw his own frightened face. Young Dean, meanwhile, was having a time of his life and his older version was, for some reason, a bit embarrassed for him.
Cas remembers it. Even though he wasn’t himself back then, he remembered Dean’s outburst and his poisonous words.
“Alright,” she said, “I’m only doing it for the handsome angel here,” she smiled at Cas, “And since I’m staying, are you going to hold me a prisoner here? No lunch, no nothing? Chivalry really is dead,” Dean rolled his eyes so hard it almost hurt
Sun was almost all the way up by now, but the weather was just perfect. Dean didn’t want to get inside and he didn’t want to end the conversation they were having before, though had no idea how to get back to it.
Dean looked up. The barn was old, but the walls were covered in freshly painted signs and sigils. The light was dimmed, but he could see two figures standing, fully armed.
"I said I'm ready!" Dean raised his voice without meaning to. Rowena and Sam exchanged concerned glances and then she placed her hands on the side of Dean's head. In a second, he felt the ground vanishing from underneath his feet.
“We found this place without you, you were actually God knows where the whole time, while we needed your help,” he went on, "It's your thing, isn't it? Disappearing when we actually need you, coming back when things are already ruined and making them even worse,"
The next door led him outside, but Dean immediately realized this place wasn’t on Earth. And when he saw himself standing next to Benny, cutting his arm open and saying a spell, it all came together.
There was no pain, no fear, suddenly. Dean opened his eyes and the only thing that changed was that he felt lighter. His vision adjusted and Dean found himself standing in a seemingly endless hallway. Endless hallway, endless doors on both of its sides. Dean looked around, but the doors were absolutely identical. Dean thought that he should be concerned, he should be afraid, but he wasn't. He felt weirdly calm, almost comfortable.
“No,” she put her hands on Dean’s shoulder and started pushing him towards the guest bedroom, where Cas was already waiting for him, “You don’t clean after your own birthday. Sam and I can handle it,”
Dean reached to touch it. It was a tiny bottle pendant on a silver chain. Just the look of it took Dean’s breath away.
“That was exactly how you said it!” Dean said, pointing at Sam, “I look at him and he just starts crying more,”
“Yeah, I...everything’s fine,” Dean said and Cas nodded, still looking concerned, “What are you doing here?”
For a few more seconds Dean just looked at the table and at people around him and then he had to turn away to blink away the tears. Eileen took his hand and led him to his seat at the top of the table.
“I wanted to say that I have forgiven you a very long time ago,” Cas said and Dean wasn’t sure what exactly he meant, “For making me leave. I know you had your reasons and I understand them,” Cas went on and Dean closed his eyes.
“Stop that,” Dean said, sitting down next to him and taking his hand into his. Cas took it away as quickly, forming fists on his lap.
As the curse hit him, all Cas felt was the overwhelming hot rage of the witch. It hit him right in the chest, he fell on his back and the last thing he saw was the scared faces of his friends.
"I know," Rowena said and gave her version of a sympathetic smile. Then, she turned back to Cas, said a spell and touched his forehead.
“Your hair is getting long,” Dean whispered, scared to break the moment and somehow got the nerve to reach out and tuck the curl behind Cas’s ear.
“Well, great job, everyone, since my services are no longer needed, I shall be on my way,” Rowena grabbed her purse and got up
Dean gasped hearing his own name. Cas got more tense now, still looking Metatron in the eye with rage and hatred,
Asked Dean’s genius brother and it was settled. They called Rowena up and asked her for a favor. Well, Sam did, refusing to let Dean take his attention away from the road.
The next day was a perfect example of what Dean called his “lazy days”. They stayed at home - in bed - and enjoyed their well deserved rest. Besides, it wasn’t like either of them were in physical shape or form to do anything productive or heroic that day. Dean did have one attempt of googling a new case for them, but Cas quickly found a way to distract him. Only leaving the bed twice to eat, Cas almost forgot about his plans for tomorrow, but then Sam called and they settled on a way to throw Dean a subtle, but fun birthday.
“I’m just saying, if the roles were reversed, you wouldn’t confuse my jealousy for anything else,” Dean said and shit admitting that outloud felt nice. It was also fucking terrifying, especially because Cas didn’t say anything in response for some time
Dean felt Rowena’s eyes on him - warm, sympathetic, almost motherly - and couldn’t meet her gaze. He more or less knew what she was about to say too, and didn’t want to hear. Dean didn’t want and didn’t deserve any comfort.
The waitress approached them again, even though there were no plates to take and no more food to give.
By the time they made it to the Bunker, Rowena was already there, waiting at the main door.  Dean parked the car and rushed to help Sam get Cas out. Rowena approached them.
He saw himself in Rufus’s cabin, yelling at Cas, saying that “nobody cares that you’re broken” to him and ran away, before Cas’s pain crushed him.
The drive took less than an hour. It was important for Sam to be close to the Bunker even if he didn’t live there anymore. For the first time since his time with Amelia, Sam had a place of his own again. This time was so much different than all his previous attempts to start a normal life, though. Maybe it was different, because Sam didn’t really try to be normal anymore. And neither did Eileen. She understood it all, understood Sam, the life he had and accepted it. With her, Sam could be himself. And Dean was so damn happy for him. Especially after they got Castiel back and Dean could be happy for himself too. He just stopped caring about stupid formalities like the harm of developing attachments while being a hunter, or the feeling of a debt in your chest that doesn't let you retire. Or the voice of the dead parent in your head that says that you shouldn’t be with someone you love because they have a “wrong” body.
Fighting angry tears that already formed in his eyes, Dean paced towards the infirmary, not even trying to find the words to say to Cas. What do you even say to someone after literally going through their entire mind?
Dean turned to the sink, but felt Cas’s gaze on him. Dean tried to smile at Cas, to somehow ease the tension, but it barely worked.
“Yeah, yeah, everything’s great,” Dean said while Sam went on about some bullshit like feelings and attachment and whatever the fuck, “Sam, gotta go,” Dean hang up on him midsentence, “He was worried,” Dean laughed humorlessly at the phone and hid it in his pocket.
Moments of silence slipped between them. Cas was thinking about his next move, Dean - about what Cas had just said. Maybe Winchester’s idea of happiness was rather grounded and consisted of things most people already have and take for granted. But that didn’t mean he ever would.
Cas looked at Dean. He didn’t know hot to put all the thoughts he had at that moment into words, without scaring Dean away. Even now, Dean didn’t really like grand gestures and long speeches. They made him awkward and uncomfortable, so Cas did his best to keep it short and simple.
And nothing happened. Silence filled the room and Cas just stared at him. He didn’t try to cover and hide his pain like he does now, because back then he just didn’t know how. For so long, neither of them said anything and the real Dean dared to hope that this is how Cas remembered that day and the memory was frozen, but of course he’s wrong.
“Alright,” Cas said then, “Thanks,” he walked away, hopefully towards his room and two brothers were left alone once again.
Dean screamed and kicked, unable to just stand there and watch Cas getting hurt like that. Rowena didn’t listen though. Or maybe she couldn’t hear him at all. With two fingers still pressed against Cas’s forehead, she looked incredibly focused. Her eyes were glowing with the brightest shade of blue Dean had ever seen. It reminded him of the way Cas’s eyes used to glow, but in Rowena’s eyes, the color looked darker, more sinister. Like a corrupted version of the glow of Cas’s grace.
Dean looked up at Cas and their faces were awfully close. Neither of them seemed to mind, but the real Dean felt blush coming up.
“Ugh, nothing,” Dean dialed Sam’s number, “Sam kinda freaked out when we couldn’t find you in the bunker and I forgot to tell him I found you,”
“Cas, we gotta go,” he said, moving to him, but before he could reach the desk, a short curly haired man appeared in front of him. Dean didn’t see his face, but he didn’t need to. He recognized him right away.
“Turns out, he met some girl and she held his hand. And according to 7 year old Sammy, that’s how you get kids,”
He tried not to praise Sam that much for his cooking - he knew how proud Sammy could get - but he had to give it to him, the dinner was amazing. And his attempt at Winchester Surprise almost made him cry. It tasted almost exactly like Mary made. Everything about that day was amazing. Cas and Dean agreed to stay the night and by the time the lights went off in the Winchester-Leahy household, Dean’s cheeks ached from smiling.
“Dean, don’t watch this,” Dean didn’t even notice how the real Cas approached him and automatically flinched away from his touch.
“Cas!” he looked at the other bed just to see Cas still unconscious, “No,no,no,” he approached him in one quick move, but before Dean could touch Cas’s face, Rowena slapped his hand away
“Can you just...pretend nothing happened? The curse and everything I just said?” Cas asked and man he looked sad. Dean wanted to bring back the smile that shined on his face just a few minutes ago. He wanted it to never leave his face.
Rowena’s voice was careful, quiet, as if speaking to a wild animal, but Dean still shot up a shocked glance at her
Cas asks, desperate and Dean feels it, feels his desperation and the weight of the whole heaven, the whole world on his shoulders. How could he not understand it before? How could he be so blind?
“No, stop” once again Dean clasped his hand over Cas’s mouth, “I’ll say it,” this time Cas just rolled his eyes.
the fake Dean was on his knees now and this looked wildly familiar, except this Dean was still trying to block Cas’s punches, desperately fighting back in a battle he had no chance to win,
“I-,” now Dean full on regretted bringing that up. He had a theory on what that memory could mean, but that theory seemed too good to be true and Dean disregarded it as wishful thinking, “I’m not sure I do,” he said
Calling Sam this late was another example of what Dean called poor timing and Cas realized that, but he also realized that the chances of him getting time alone the next day were low, especially if he didn’t want Dean to find out about this conversation. Which he didn’t.
"This is where I made that deal with Crowley. To open the purgatory together," Cas said as they watched the younger version of him talk to the demon.
“Yeah?” his arms, legs and back ached, reminding him that he wasn’t young anymore, not young enough to dig a second grave in a row anyway
Cas patiently waited till Dean continued. And Dean wondered if starting this conversation was a right move and maybe he shouldn’t have spoiled such a good day.
“I need to tell you something too,” Dean said and Cas turned to him, “I didn’t just watch all those memories, I also...the curse made me feel everything you were feeling and thinking at the moment,”
Cas wasn't heavy at all. Maybe it was the adrenaline in Dean's blood, or maybe it was a more concerning reason. Did Cas eat well? He seemed to enjoy food when Dean cooked, but that didn't happen very often.
“Huh?” Dean stuck his shovel back into the dirt and it finally hit the solid wood of the coffin. He pierced through it. Old wood crumbled, revealing the skeleton it was protecting.
"Try to wake him up, goddammit," he yelled. He knew Sam was doing his best, he knew Sam was scared, but his own fear drowned all possible logic.
“Thank you for saving me, Dean,” Cas said casually while Dean’s thoughts pulled into a tornado of worries, “I’d never break free of that curse on my own,”
But mostly, Dean was fucking insulted his brother and the witch thought he wouldn't get his shit together to save Cas. He'd do anything.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean said with a smile. A few steps away Cas and Eileen were silently discussing something and Dean completely gave up trying to seem grumpy.
Dean was confused. Cas looked at him with the hatred in his eyes that he had never seen before, It was never directed at him, ever.
“This isn’t fair,” Cas whispered, mostly to himself, in a tired, broken tone, “You shouldn’t have come for me,”
“I didn’t have any right, nor do I now, to feel any jealousy. You are free to do whatever you want, Dean. And be with whomever you want,” Cas said and there was no sarcasm in his voice, though Dean almost wished there was some.
“It wasn’t my fault,” Cas turned to him, abandoning the door. Dean took it as a cue to work harder on his door.
The other Dean walked in, uneasy steps echoing in the library. Cas looked up at him and smiled, openly and sincerely.
Out of all the places Dean thought that door would take him, a librarian’s office wasn’t on the top of his list. Well, at least that’s what the room looked like with soft lightning and bookshelves covering the walls. There wasn’t a sight of blood there, the smell and the noise ceased to exist too. Dean looked around and saw Cas sitting at the desk by the wall.
Dean couldn’t look away, couldn’t move. His brain yelled at him to go help Cas, but he just stood there with his hand on the door handle.
Being in the bunker gave the real Dean an advantage; he knew the place like the back of his hand so if Cas - the real Cas - was hiding in it, he’d find him easily enough.
The fake Dean breathed out, bracing himself and Dean remembers exactly how fucking hard it was, to say what he was about to say and Cas’s reaction - or to be exact his timid submission and the heartbreak in his eyes - stood before Dean’s eyes for months to come. He couldn’t watch it again.
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe because Castiel here almost died and his very human body needs rest?” Dean sighed and sat back on his bed
“Oh, as if you do now,” Cas’s chuckle grew into quiet laughter as he bumped Dean’s shoulder with his.
Cas said with a low chuckle. Cas in his stolen clothes, with his unshaved face, who looked comfortable and free, now that he thought he could finally relax, now that he was finally safe.
“I think it does,” Dean sighed and now he wanted to smile. It was weird of him, really, Cas was on the verge of tears and Dean himself had no idea how to change this situation around and form his own feelings into words, but he knew he would.
“Yes…” Cas looked at Dean, expression completely unreadable, “I don’t...I don’t understand anymore,” he shook his head, frustrated. Dean saw how Cas was fighting for his own sanity there, “It’s all getting mixed up. We need to get out of here quickly, Dean,”
For a few minutes two men just stayed there, in the middle of the room with their bags on the floor, petting the dog. Dean looked up and saw Cas smiling ear to ear while mumbling something like “Who is the good boy?” to the godsent (literally) dog and smiled even wider. His exhaustion and soreness stepped away, leaving space for calm and peaceful tiredness. He ran his fingers through Miracle’s fur once again and got up, taking his things to their room.
“Well, it was. Dad said I was grown enough and that the hunt was easy and it was about time,” Dean's voice shook slightly, but Cas noticed and moved closer, “It was an easy one, but I wouldn’t send my kid to handle it, you know?” Dean smirked humorlessly, “Two nuns’ ghosts were killing people in Riverton. A simple salt and burn. But...dad gave me that hunt for a reason,”
“Cas, wait!” he says but he doesn’t hear him. Cas looks at Sam and a solution comes to his mind. Dean feels Cas’s relief as he makes the decision. Dean reaches out to grab Cas by his shoulders, but his hands go right through him. Dean almost falls on the floor while Cas walks up to Sam’s bed.
As they stepped out of the car, Eileen immediately ran up to Dean and had her arms around him, whie Sam turned to Miracle.
Cas pulled out his blade and Dean - the fake Dean, the smiling Dean, Dean who looked exactly like the real thing and
‘They’ll call again,’ Dean answered and Cas let go and stepped away. Dean rolled his eyes and took his phone out of his pocket. It was Garth.
Dean just noticed that he was still holding Cas’s hand, but that thought wasn’t scary. He squeezed his hand and Cas squeezed it back. Dean didn’t really know what he was doing or how far he was willing to go, but the happiness and warmth that Cas was feeling just drowned all reasons and excuses Dean usually used when it came to moments like that. Suddenly Dean forgot everything that was holding him back.
“Now I can officially leave,” she said, “Don’t forget what we discussed, Dean!” she walked past him, meeting Sam in the war room and flipping her hair in his direction as a goodbye.
The bunker. Again. Dean braced himself for having to fight through another nightmare, but Cas’s hand relaxed in his. He recognized the memory.
“Rowena put you in my head,” Dean nodded, “And you were hopping through my memories trying to find me,” Dean nodded again, a bit more reluctant. Cas didn’t seem too pleased.
“Of course, because he wouldn’t really live,” Rowena said, “If the two of you hadn’t met, Castiel would still be in heaven, serving an uncaring God, oblivious to the whole world of feelings and experiences that is open to him now!”
Blood. Endless streams of blood covered the floor, not leaving a single untouched spot. Blood flowed, coming from under every door. With the rate this was going, Dean thought for a second that he was going to drown, drown there, drown in blood. He always knew his death was going to be messy and bloody, but not
He took one last look at his friend, though - just couldn’t help it and l turned to the woods. Just to see him again.
Sam heated up a burger for Cas and some of the fries Dean didn’t eat. Cas thanked him and Sam smiled, saying that it’s not a big deal and he’s just happy he’s okay and overall not being completely useless, unlike Dean.
