“Wait—wait, go back to; you don’t have experience besides kissing? Steve, wait,” Tony said before the thought of Superman’s son being physically vulnerable overwhelmed him. How many people could have used him against his dad if they had known?
“That’s what you’re supposed to do, isn’t it? Impress the parents?” Steve asked rhetorically. “I’m pretty sure he laughed at my boots this morning.”
“Professor Hawley, I’m not sure I follow,” he tried, doing his best to politely signal his discomfort without seeming ungrateful.
Carol let out a heavy breath she didn’t know she’d been holding. She glared at Tony and was just about to give him a piece of her mind when he preemptively brushed it off.
The Plaza Hotel. On a random Thursday, Tony was sending him beautiful flowers and stealing him away to the Plaza Hotel for pampering. It wasn’t so out of character for Tony to treat him to something special out of the blue, but even for them this was a lot.
. He’d only meant to take a quick peek, but Josh was running late and who could blame Steve for spending his free time thinking about Tony?
And then he hung up. Tony waited for several seconds before looking at his phone to confirm, but sure enough, his wonderful, thoughtful, loving boyfriend had hung up on him without reminding Tony that he loved him.
“I was getting worried, Tony,” Steve lied, his grimace pulled into an unimpressed frown. “You couldn’t have called to say you were running late?”
“Alright! Okay, Jesus, they’re special flowers,” Pepper finally conceded loudly before Tony’s insane ramble carried on too long. “Fine, I’ll, I’ll see what I can do. Can you be ready at 6:30?”
Tony’s well-practiced smile warmed with genuine relief. “We got a working anesthetic for Barnes from your samples. We’ll be able to put him under for four hours, maybe five. Five’s pushing it, we’ll work on it, but for now we only need three. Helen will be here Friday and we’ll get his arm reattached, pain free.”
Steve pursed his lips and made a show of thinking about it. “You’re right. First forty times.”
Steve frowned at the question and, without thinking, his gaze turned to Tony. Tony blinked back at him, then gasped softly and looked away immediately when he realized how he’d been staring. “I don’t tell many people, because when I do, yes. I am treated differently.”
And best of all, from the glimpse Tony shared of the breakfast feast, Steve spied a large jug of chocolate milk and two added table settings arranged across the table.
are going to be the fan favorite bottom bitch.”
,” Steve decided as he pulled his sweaters over his head. He had already crawled under the three or four layers of fleece blankets and comforters, and as with any point well made, he wiggled out of his briefs and dropped them over the side of the bed where the rest of his clothes already lay in a haphazard pile. With a cheeky grin and an eager pat on the mattress where he obviously wanted Tony to join him, Steve batted his eyelashes and pulled the covers aside to flash the side of his naked thigh. “Tony? I’m waiting…”
Between the case file and their coursework, Steve and Maria busied themselves in the library until well past midnight. Tuesday, Steve spent the day with Sam, Paulette, and Erin at the Beauty Oasis, so it wasn’t until Wednesday morning during his ma’s first break in the day that Steve was first confronted with an important detail about the case.
“I’m not going,” Thor sulked just out of sight, and Tony turned the corner into Thor’s bedroom to see the man still in bed, hugging a pillow that Tony guessed had been Jane’s at some point. Rather than sit on the bed and risk shifting any of the blankets currently maintaining Thor’s modesty, Tony crouched next to the bed so that he could face Thor eye to eye.
“Show me what you’re willing to do with me in this bed first, then we date,” he whispered in a low, indecent moan, wetting his bottom lip with a slow, sensual sweep of his tongue.
The worst photos, however, were the ones of Tony from inside his own home.
“You did well today, Mr. Rogers.”
Without taking his hand off Steve’s cock, Tony leaned over Steve’s body to whispered in his ear. “Fuck me, Steve. I haven’t been with another man and I want it bad, I want you to fuck me so bad it hurts,” Tony softly moaned. “Can you make it hurt, Steve? So I remember your cock inside me tomorrow while you’re at work, until you can come home and fuck me again?”
“It’s not what you think,” Tony said, his lips twisted into a wry frown. “When you walked away I couldn’t stop thinking that you’re wrapping up here in a week, and we move out to London in a month. Time’s going to fly after that, who knows how often I’ll see you with both of us working, and then… well. But I wasn’t worried about your reaction, Steve,” he promised, “I just didn’t want to waste any of this time being angry.”
Three dates, Tony reminded himself. This was not real, and it would end with only three dates.
Tony stood still while Steve took care of him, only righting his vest and his fez. “Later when?”
“Like this?” Steve heard himself ask. It was supposed to be organic and romantic; that was the whole point of the plan!
“This is proof of a theory that begins to tell us about how quantum mechanics and relativity can work together; it is the first step in understanding how infinite power can exist on a nanoscale. This is the future.”
“Don’t be cute,” Tony warned him, but Steve only beamed up at him.
“Don’t you even say it,” Tony hissed through gritted teeth and Steve quickly shut up.
, okay. Cool cool cool. But,” he added in a quieter voice, “uh, thank you for trusting me. I will keep the news to myself.”
Natasha clapped Tony on the shoulder on her way out and wished them all a good night.
Under any other circumstances, Steve might have grinned back at him, at least a little; he might even have brushed it off and given her some polite, untrue platitude, like, ‘it’s nice to meet you,’ but he couldn’t do anything but stare and listen; he sat absolutely still, frozen in place by the uncomfortable proximity of her armed husband.
Steve didn’t know if he should be crawling into Tony’s lap for a hug or if that would be too much joy for him to handle and his tumbling heartbeat would burst out of his ears.
“Then that’s settled: the first sixty times we have penetrative sex of any kind, I bottom,” Steve decided without so much as a ‘best of two.’ Tony had half a mind to grumble and disagree, but Steve was such a mule when he wanted to be.
He turned off the highway, and Tony watched Steve thoughtfully as he maneuver through the narrow roads bordering the national park. It sounded like Steve was struggling to apologize, and since he was distracted enough by the driving, Tony took the time to think about his own feelings. Yes, he was upset, and yes, he felt betrayed these past six weeks, but was it enough to push Steve away before he could explain himself?
Clint smirked up at him like a devil spawn with his hand in the cookie jar, but he said nothing. Instead, he made his way to the fridge and started to pull out a selection of meat cuts and vegetables.
Steve already had their tickets when they got to the theater, but they got in line so Tony could have his popcorn and drink (diet Coke, no ice) before they walked in to take their seat in the theater. It was first come, first serve, but fortunately the show wasn’t sold out, so they had their pick of seats towards the front of center.
He let the question trail off, as if it was a decision Tony really needed time to make. As if a speech Tony intended to fully ignore deserved his attention when it could be given to his husband. But in two days he would be addressing engineers and analysts from the finest labs in the country, and for that Tony still had plenty of literature to review.
Had Tony never noticed how attractive his partner was in all their time together, or was he simply that adept at denial? Steve was kind and quick-witted and sharp enough to give Tony a run for his money. In Tony’s defense, who’d ever expect half of that said about some guy out of Bumfuck Nowhere, Kansas?
“Thanks for making this appointment for us, Tony,” Steve said, and this time, Tony’s lips turned up in a shy smile.
“Buck, he’s missing, we have to move—”
hanging out in a small, but colorful, brightly lit room. The scattered furniture were all clearly designed for young children of various ages and sizes. All of them made Tony feel uncomfortably tall.
Jane eyed him, and while she was clearly still skeptical, Tony could see that the idea had taken root. He smiled into his drink as he took another sip. Always trust a romantic to fall for genuine attempts at romance; in one impulsive sweep, Tony earned himself at least one month of peace before he and his ‘boyfriend’ parted amicably, at which point Jane would give him a week or two to grieve his loss —
Dejected and frustrated, Steve found a group of three and sat down to join them. With the help of another burned out second-year, Steve was introduced to four of his first-year peers, but again it was nothing like his experience at NYU. The introductions were brief and dull, and no-one seemed interested in conversations unless it provided an opportunity to one-up each other.
“I’ve been wanting to tell you, Tony. I wanted to tell you when I first told you I liked you on Tuesday. I just, I wanted a chance to know if I was enough, if just Steve was enough. But you deserve to know, too. So, Lois Lane is my mom and Clark Kent is my dad,” Steve explained as steadily as he could. “Tony, Clark Kent is Superman.”
“CEO sucks. CEO doesn’t get to do the fun shit,” Tony mumbled petulantly into Steve’s shoulder. “I haven’t gotten down to the lab all week, it’s just meetings and paperwork and checking other people’s shit—and it’s good shit, but it’s not
Tony bit down on Steve’s fingers and nearly screamed at the first full taste of Steve’s cock. The plug had kept him somewhat wet and stretched for Steve’s use, but it wasn’t the same as being fingered open and well prepared with lube. This time, Tony had gone with the bare minimum, or less than that. Every time Steve fucked into him, the friction was more pain than pleasure, and every thrust more aggressive than the last.
“—Jasper Sitwell? The guy I just fired? No, Nick, don’t—”
“I know, babe. I want to,” Tony assured him with an easy smile in his voice, and Steve pressed his face into a warm towel so Tony wouldn’t possibly hear his blush. “My schedule is flexible on Tuesday, the zoo trip is no problem. But, for Thursday,” he continued, a little less enthusiastic, “could we maybe do it on the weekend? I have a big meeting Friday morning.”
“Steve Rogers?” Tony asked then in a quiet tone, but this time he sounded more embarrassed than unsure. “First, do you have further questions regarding the events that took place at Taco Bell this evening?”
” he grunted under his breath, staring up into Steve’s eyes. He knew those eyes, and all at once it occurred to him that it didn’t matter any more if it was a man or a Woman in his arms; whoever this was, Tony would not be letting go if it killed him. “Stephanie?”
Happy blinked at Steve like he’d lost his mind. “What, here? Now?”
“You did very good, Tony,” Steve said in a soft whisper, “you earned your rest, my pet. Close your eyes and sleep.”
“Tony? I mean, uh,” Steve stammered for a moment as he caught himself. “Stark, sorry. If your hand is still hurting—“
” Tony whispered dramatically before turning to the audience with his most charming smile. “Guys, come on: wouldn’t you rather see one of your own, a true Irish-Irish, face off against this American Irish mutt?” Tony asked them, happily throwing Steve under the bus since Steve clearly was not on his side.
Tony could not bring himself to stop smiling. The evening at the Christmas market had gone so well, and their night in the palace kitchen had been even better. The crowd had been intimidating at first, but Steve had been at his side from the start, and most people would only bow and smile as they passed. It had been a happy surprise to learn that while most adults did not say more to them that ‘good evening, your Majesties,’ the children were enamored. They all gravitated towards Steve, and they so openly adored him that Tony’s heart had ached with joy to watch Steve picking up one child after another, hugging them and posing for pictures without complaint.
“I don’t mean to,” Steve replied in a strained voice.
“They were uncomfortable and not my size,” Steve muttered petulantly. “My gloves should have worked. They’re good quality leather.”
Tony was silent on the other end of the call. Steve had started to think Tony’d actually hung up on him when he finally asked, “Why?”
“So… do you have a brother?”
“What we had was serious, Pookie, but it’s a college romance. Gender isn’t the issue, but I need to marry someone… someone more refined.”
“Oh, for—what if we never find her?” Tony snapped. “It’s been centuries! You don’t think anyone has ever tried?”
“I am the Chief Director of Police, I do not have time to steward insubordinate, muscle-bound apes—”
“Want to get the steak to go and watch
“Babe, you know that’s not personal. I spend all my time with case studies and hypos, there’s no time for fun.”
“I’m not running away just cause your parents are ...uh,” Steve floundered for an appropriate word to end on, when Tony suggested, “crazy?”
“We are in agreement,” Thor boomed, presumably speaking to Steve, or to Bucky. It wasn’t clear. “Dumping was unreasonable and unexpected. Stark must answer for his behavior.”
Steve stared up at Rhodes, horrified. “How… they’d do that to their own son?”
Tony threw up his hands and downright glowered at him. “Damnit, Steve. What do you have against Harry Potter?”
His was the fate of a dinghy out in a storm on the great ocean tide, thrown out of his depth and overwhelmed at every new turn. Two fingers scissored and fucked into him while Steve rubbed firm, soothing circles over his perineum with his thumb, and Tony’s entire world narrowed to
Seconds later the darkened screen of his phone lit up with the fuzzy but unmistakable footage of two dozen excitable young women power walking through the library. They were splitting up to look for him. It wouldn’t be long before they caught up to him.
He brought his arms up around Tony’s body again, cradling him close without squeezing too hard. “This is not an argument, Tony,” Steve whispered, lowering his voice in his effort not to sound too stern. His husband was not a soldier, this was not an order. A partner was not an equal if Steve could so easily dictate his choices.
“Before you, it had maybe been eight months? Ten months? It’s not as easy when your mother’s a queen. I would only pursue women, because it’d be big news if I didn’t - and they kept introducing me to thin women. That made it difficult for me. They reminded me of the mothers who starved so their children could eat, the captives we found, and it messed with my head. Then on top of that, when I did go home with someone all I could think about was, what did they want from me? Title, connections? Fame? I was so distracted about it, you wouldn’t believe how lousy I was in bed.”
“We both do,” Steve corrected him gently. “Nothing would make me happier than to see you with a family, Tony. I see the way you care for your people, you will be an exceptional father.”
“It’s only six o’clock,” Bucky pointed out, when across from them Sam covered his mic long enough to innocently wonder, “Let me guess, Steve and his magic dick still away for business?”
He could make his life easier by passing the phone to Tony, Steve thought. That was part of relationships, right? Sharing the burden of nosey friends?
The look of horrified incredulity on Steve’s face was what did it. Tony lost it, face-planting against Steve’s chest to hide his face and to muffle his spluttering, wheezing giggles. It took Steve a moment longer to realize he’d been had, but as soon as he did, he squeezed Tony in his arms until Tony whimpered in surrender.
They shared a taxi to Steve’s place, which was about midway between Wayne Tower and Tony’s apartment. But when Steve climbed out, Tony asked the driver to wait and followed him out to the curb.
Tony was in so much trouble.
Without getting up, Steve reached up between Tony’s legs and started slowly spreading the warming lube between his cheeks. Tony whimpered the first time Steve’s arm grazed against his straining erection, but otherwise he remained obediently still, even spreading his thighs as Steve guided his legs apart. With his legs spread widely, Steve smeared slick coats of lube up and down the crack of his ass, getting him good and sloppy wet all between his cheeks. Now and then when his fingers brushed over Tony’s hole, Steve slowed his touch, circling it without penetrating him until Tony was powerless to control the rutting thrusts of his hips.
“So am I,” Tony countered. “But that doesn’t mean I won’t at least try to—for Stephanie, I mean; she shouldn’t have to be bound to someone she doesn’t care for for life because of us. It can’t be too late for that, right?” he trailed off uncomfortably, and the uncertainty of what to believe, or what to do was enough to make him want to scream. Scream at himself, scream at the scary dragon that was napping, scream at Clint for letting it go this far without telling him what was happening.
He crept away as discretely as he could, slipping from one aisle to the next on quiet feet until finally he reached a closed door. Without thinking, he tried the handle, and let himself in.
earthquake.”
Before she
can be the last boxes of condoms we ever buy,” he said, giving the Walgreens bag an venomous look.
“Are you feeling peckish, Steve Rogers?” Tony wondered and held up a large platter he had prepared. There were a variety of semi-soft cheeses, jams, crackers, olives, fruits and nuts arranged around a large pot of hummus and two smaller pots of honey.
“By law, yeah, you can't,” Clint agreed, snickering to himself. “But Tony sure as hell didn’t like it. He tried; nearly got mom arrested for it. Then he spent about half the vacation in the water with dolphins, and the other half trying to convince dad to buy us dolphins.”
Steve stared at him for a long, long time.
“Before you ask, I got the tequila,” Tony answered the phone with a big smile. “Coolest mom ever, by the way, I’ve never heard anyone ask for tequila.”
Steve’s outrage turned to confusion as he tried to process how an exclusive, luxury hotel across from a university campus could—wait, no. No, that part actually made perfect sense. This would be excellent hunting grounds for those of negotiable affections and means.
Steve huffed in amusement. “What do you mean? And don’t pretend you’re ‘too pretty’ to be punched.”
Bucky stared across at his partner in the kind of disbelief that, not for the first time, begged the question of how Tony had ever made it to this age, but Rhodey shook his head slowly and went back to his paperwork. Some questions were better left unanswered.
Bruce and Thor stared at Tony in disbelief. Tony grinned back at them looking just a little frazzled around the edges. "Right, okay," he mumbled, half to them, and half to himself. "Dress up nice and scrub all the cracks, guys. We've got work to do."
Steve shook his head, and Tony quieted immediately. He looked so shamefaced and wrung out that Steve worried he’d cry any second. Steve closed the space between them in two quick steps and reached to comb his fingers through Tony’s hair. The soft, gentle waves of his hair were too weighed down with grease and grime from the lab to slide through Steve’s fingers like they always would, and Steve’s heart broke at the thought of how badly Tony had misjudged time.
Tony only frowned and crossed his arms over his chest. “After that welcome, you think you deserve an introduction?”
“You have no right looking this fucking good in a piece of wool,” Tony murmured as he smoothed his hands down Steve’s flanks and up his back. “Anyone pinched you yet? Tried to unfasten the pin? Asked you what’s worn under the kilt?”
“With any luck we’ll have five of them by the end of the week. One guy isn’t responding to anything yet, we’ll bring him on something else next week if we have to.”
, and I think my head will be spinning for a week, but I’ll figure it out.”
“I convinced her to do Ellen today in the time it took me to walk to work,” Steve told Sitwell, and his tired tone had Sharon wincing. “For your long, if questionable, service to this company, I will give you one month to find a new job. You can tell everyone you resigned, or you can tell them I fired you; I don’t care. The only condition to this offer—and it is incontrovertible—is that you remain out of my sight until you leave. If I have to spare another thought on your insignificance, your termination will be immediate.”
An icy chill clawed its way through Tony’s body at the aborted warning. "He’s standing right behind me, isn’t he.”
A few minutes into his shower, Steve could feel the fog lifting. Finally, he was waking up. He rushed through a shower, dried off as best as he could. Underwear went on first, then a comfortable grey long sleeved tee that he mostly hid under a sky blue thick-knit sweater. He was digging out his shoes when there was a knock on his door.
Death a la
“It is
“Tony, I… in case it hasn’t been clear, I am satisfied. I am very happy with what we have. Sex is special and wonderful because it is with you, and because we enjoy it together. There is no law that says penetrative sex is necessary, for us or for anybody else. Okay?”
Steve and his partner could disagree until they were blue in the face, but the facts were clear. The three victims had been murdered within days of each other. Steve’s detectives in Manhattan were following up on Jones, while detectives from the 62nd were on Nyugen’s case. Maybe they’d be able to help with the letters during lulls in their investigations, but they couldn’t count on it. Steve and Bucky were alone to tease any leverage out of decades worth of Stark’s fan letters. They needed help. In the end, Bucky reluctantly thanked Tony for his volunteered time and offered to talk to the captain while Steve showed Tony to the conference room they had commandeered for their task.
He tried to keep his distance at first, but Steve wriggled his way closer and slung a possessive arm over Tony’s body. “Stay,” he murmured in his sleep, nuzzling into Tony’s hair, and who was Tony to deny him? There was nowhere else he’d rather be.
“Because he’s one of my best friends and I just hate to see him hurt. And you know how much Thor hates it when I’m upset,” she told him with a childlike innocence that did nothing to conceal her very real and very serious threat to his person.
“Yes, we are, computer,” Tony disagreed with a frown. “Computer, are you coming down with a virus again?”
“Not at all,” Steve said tersely, struggling to smile for him. “Come on, I’ve got a surprise for you.”
,” Tony needlessly reminded him, emphasizing the words dramatically. “It’s Italian or Caribbean.”
“I—yes, I do,” Steve all but whispered, then turned to Sharon and urgently waved her into the office. “Right, Sharon. You’ve met him?”
Professor Hawley stepped out shortly after him and gestured for them to follow her as she led them down office hallways to a conference room.
The question surprised Tony, and for a moment he worried his unhappy thoughts about Steve’s upcoming trip had unknowingly been vocalized.  Had he spoken without realizing?
He did not, however, laugh in the face of twenty-something twenty-somethings.
“Mr. Rogers’ office,” she greeted politely enough, then sat up with interest. “Hi Louise; sure, I’ll let him know.”
He had no such festival or celebration that winter to use as an excuse to invite Steve to Eisenturm, but when New Years Eve rolled around, Tony made it a point to whisk Steve away to his favorite castle where they could spend New Years Day like most other families in Machtberg: eating breakfast in bed and reading all day. It was an old tradition to exchange books with loved ones for Christmas, books that imparted messages or lessons for the coming year. Welcoming the new year through quiet reflection was an intentional and meaningful connection for Mächtingen, and who they did it with spoke volumes of the relationships they valued most. Steve had never heard of such a tradition before, so Tony had the pleasure of introducing him to it in a way that made sense for them.
“That’s… helpful, thanks,” Steve mumbled halfheartedly. This was an absolute disaster - did they distinguish between soup spoons and dessert spoons at Taco Bell? What was the rule about fish knife and dinner knife if you ate fish for dinner? Did fancy people even eat burritos?
“Run, bitch!” Tony hissed so loudly people four rows away turned back to glare at them. “He’s crazy!”
Tony’s smile was like the sunshine on the perfect spring morning, like April 25th, when it's not too hot, not too cold, and all that was gloomy and dead came back to life with blooms and little fawn and bunnies play in the grass.
“Wait here.”
“Finger her ass and finish her off,” Bond rasped, smirking to himself. “You made that car, Lucy, didn’t you?”
Steve jumped out of skin with a squeal of terror and slammed his laptop shut as if he’d been caught staring at porn in class. He had forgotten he wasn’t alone in his room.
Steve wasn’t sure he heard right, or even understood what Tony was hinting at, but if he was right… if it really was the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences calling to speak with Tony, Howard’s inexplicable morning call made perfect sense.
Steve looked at Tony in his genuine surprise, half expecting him to look embarrassed or guilty. Tony wasn’t either, though even in the street light, Steve could see him blushing.
“It, uh. It’s wrinkled,” Tony mumbled, his voice unusually quiet. Steve must have noticed something was off, because he forgot the shirt and took a step closer to Tony instead.
, his
Tony shrugged in an expression of absolute ignorance. There wasn’t much he was unaware of, but this was new to him. “That’s a new concept for me, okay? It’s scary. The point I’m trying to make is, if I say no and insist on paying, I know there will be a part of you and our relationship I’ll never see. I will do the scary thing to learn about you and us,” he finished, saying it as clearly as he could. “I don’t want to know your fantasies to spice up the sex life. What we have is great, and if this was it for years to come, I’d consider myself the luckiest guy on the planet. But, it’s not just sex. It’s about you, and getting to know you. And if you need more time to trust me, that’s fine—”
“I didn’t mean to run out,” Tony said softly, “given the …circumstances, I requested a continuance.”
With his fingers spreading Tony’s hole, Tony heard Steve address the audience for the first time. He changed his grip so he was spreading Tony’s hole with both hands, squeezing four fingers into him and pulling him open for the audience to see. Tony bit down on the cushions to muffle his breathless sobs, counting backwards from fifty to himself to distract himself as much as he could while Steve talked. Finally, Steve eased his grip and with only two fingers, he pressed in until he grazed over Tony’s prostate. Tony's body jerked involuntarily, and with only a few minor strokes, Steve had him mewling and arching his back in pleasure again. The change from his clear discomfort seconds ago to his visceral enjoyment left his audience moaning softly in awe, and they applauded how quickly Steve had turned Tony’s whimpers of pain into needful panting.
“Wait, I didn’t mean—” Steve tried to backpedal, but the man didn’t hear him.
“I heard that you chose Tony Stark over Lieutenant Bruce Banner as your steward today,” she said, apropos of nothing, then glanced at Steve with a guileful excitement. “You have astute instincts, Captain Steven G. Rogers. I consider them both my friends, but it is only Tony Stark who will allow me up to the roof of his domicile complex to view the stars far above the city. He will nurture your differences.”
“Mr. Barnes, it appears you and I have a lot of paperwork in our future,” he said with a broad grin. It wasn’t even about him, and Steve wanted nothing more than to reach over and haul Tony in for a kiss.
“Into a room that the blond guy is sharing with another student—”
“Ven aquí, niña, que preciosa,” Tony murmured softly to her in encouragement where she sat mostly pressed against Steve’s arm. He rubbed her head and neck gently, trying to coax her closer and close enough to get into it with the other playing puppies.
He picked up the stack for day one, and together they got started.
“Steve?” he finally heard Tony call his name, and it sounded like it wasn’t the first time he’d tried it. “You there?”
They took a cab back to Tony’s place. Steve kept his hoodie in place, so Tony didn’t know what state he was in until they got to his place and Steve got into Tony’s bed without a single complaint.
“And I can come for you,” Pierce whispered back, his voice sickly sweet.
Steve’s apartment had a stunning view. Tony had seen it when Steve first invited him up, and he had been curious and impressed in equal measure. But now, when he walked back to the living room on his own, it almost left him breathless. Steve was standing with his back turned in front of the floor to ceiling windows of his living room, looking out over the city. He was backlit by the city lights below, and it framed his long legs, his narrow waist, and his impossible shoulders like something out of a dream. Those tailored trousers gave him every advantage, and the well-structured polo enhanced his size without appearing too small.
Simple problems and sources of irritations build to petty fights, and it takes a lot of arguing and banishing each other (or themselves) to the guest room to finally have an open conversation about how upset they are that work will separate them in a few months time. They decide that if they want a relationship, neither of them wants to do it long-distance, so from the fighting they decide that (1) they'll choose projects together and (2) they never accept work at the same time, unless by some miracle both projects are set out of the same city.
“Are you done?” Fury asked with a tired drawl. “You want them to stop? Whatever you two are doing is clearly getting the wrong people angry, so get out there and do what you do best: get them first.”
“Then, I guess you got yourself a deal, Sparky,” he said instead, smiling at his hero with warm affection. He smoothed his hand up Steve’s flank, trying to coax him back down to sleep. “I’ll protect you from the bears, if you protect me from the giants.”
“This store is not where the one percent shop,” Tony replied in a tired voice, not bothering to look away from what he was doing anymore. “This is where the people who aspire to one day approach the one percent shop.”
He gritted his teeth and reminded himself that there was so much more at stake. Human traffickers were the scum of the earth, and Tony had to believe Bond took a carefully calculated risk.
“Don’t,” Tony warned him, “don’t you touch me.”
He paused for a beat, as if waiting for Sitwell to say a word and give him a reason to call armed personnel, but the moment passed in absolute silence.
“Wait,” he interrupted Tony in the most casual voice uttered in the history of human speech. “You. So, you and Channing ...broke up?”
Tony’s ass put up more of a resistance than Steve remembered. His words about not being fucked in all their time apart came back to him, and Steve quickly reached for the extra bottle of lube they had picked up on their way home.
I’d be kicking your ass? I’m in.
” Tony hissed in disbelief. All at once, he tossed his office keys and his computer bag on his desk and rushed over to hug him, delirious with relief, but Steve got a hand between them just in time.
“Noun: Gun. Portable firearm. This device was widely utilized in the urban wars of the late 21st Century. This model was referred to as a shotgun, rifle, a piece…”
” he asked before he could remind himself he was on live TV.
Steve’s heart would have melted if his cock wasn’t suddenly hogging all the blood. “Sweetheart,” he whispered, but hell if it didn’t feel so messed up to say that to this strange face looking back at him. “I appreciate what you’re doing for me, but I’m not, I won’t hurt you—I don’t have lube, and you’re not—I mean, uh. We don’t have time to get ready.”
“Oh, god,” he whined miserably as Tony and the woman smiled and laughed together. He was even helping her arrange her scarf just so, as if he needed an excuse to continue being near her. “She really is beautiful.”
Tony had seen the explosions on TV. It was all anybody would talk about - nineteen fatalities, thirty-four injured, and no explanation. Some newscasters remarked how unusual it was for such an act of terror to go unclaimed, and others celebrated the great community response supporting the families of the victims in their hour of need.
He recognized the sound of the lube, and little by little, the hazy, distant words spilling from Tony’s lips started to come into focus over the aggressive sound of flesh slapping on flesh.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve replied on the other end. “Is this a good time to talk?”
. Nineteen people are dead, this shit is serious.”
“Nobody sees things better than you, Steve,” Tony said with affection warm in his voice. “All you have to do is trust yourself. I do. When you see it, you’ll know the one that’s right for you.”
Tony went on to explain how to find the right pages, but Steve tuned most of it out in his dumbfounded shock.
Tony smiled back with affection and mischief bright in his brown eyes. “Then stop thinking and let me show you.”
“That sounds incredible, Tony,” Steve murmured softly, drifting off into the pleasant and loving world Tony’s memories conjured.
“Are you guys together?” Steve asked before he could stop himself.
“But he has no children.”
“Unless… you don’t want to be?”
Tony’s working hours were the palace’s worst kept secret. Whether it was intuited from the wide variety of innovative products that went on the global market year after year, or some enterprising staff member let it slip to the press, the people of Consone were well aware their monarch did not spend his days kicking back at the palace feasting on powdered bon-bons. Their respect and support meant everything to Tony, so when circumstances conspired to prevent him from working, Tony fought back tooth and nail.
“He said, you’d have to pay your own citations,” Bruce translated quietly while Tony sluggishly smirked up at Steve. “Five credits amounts to many luxuries, Steve Rogers.”
Or, so he thought.
“A laudable choice, Tony Stark,” Jane agreed, though she still seemed shaken by the mere suggestion of the ghastly Führer. “His name is one to be forgotten, without exception.”
Steve fell asleep soon after the initial pain was gone, but that only made it easier for Tony to identify the sore muscles and knots of tension. He worked Steve’s lower back thoroughly, pausing now and then to indulge in tracing the natural dimples of his lower back. Tony leaned forward to press a soft kiss to Steve’s shoulder once he finished with his lower back, then slid down a little further to knead out the sore, tired muscles of his round ass.
This was only a demonstration, he reminded himself. This, too, he would survive. He had to.
Clint frowned immediately, and, with a straight face, asked, “Globo Gym?”
“You—you,” Tony stammered in a weak voice, inexplicably short of breath. “Are you—”
“Uh. I guess? If you insist. We can hit up Taco Bell tonight.”
“I’m sorry, Ms. Hill, but,” she said in a gentle tone before turning her attention to a bewildered Steve. “Mary from Whittaker’s office is on line three, she needs an answer from you. I told her you were otherwise engaged, but she’s insisting—”
“Are you flirting with me, Steve Rogers?” Tony asked him with a impish lilt in his voice. “Your flattery is well met and deeply appreciated. Since you do it so well, I invite you to compliment me as often as you please.”
The truck pulled around to the back of Taco Bell when Steve reached the ground floor. He pushed his way past the handful of people in his way, rushing so he could keep it in sight when a motorcycle skidded past. The rider swung a heavy chain at Steve’s head, and for the first time in this century, Steve felt alive. For the first time, he knew what to do; he knew who he was and what he needed to do.
“You lied to me. You used me,” Steve heard himself mutter.
Bruce leaned back against the bar, sipping his third drink of the night and surveying the crowd.
done it twice and nothing happened!”
Steve’s heart soared right into his throat and threatened to choke him with happiness. It was too good to be true! He turned slowly on the steps to the HLH where they’d have their first lecture in introduction to the philosophy of law, just in case he was still dreaming.
Steve huffed a quiet sigh, but eventually, he pulled out a chair at the patio table to take a seat.
“So, it’s your mom, dad, little brother,” Steve summarized after a stretch of thoughtful silence, “who else?”
Tony only grunted softly in reply, but he pressed his hips back to meet every stroke of Steve’s hand, clearly eager for harder, deeper, faster thrusts. But just because he understood what Tony wanted didn’t mean Steve would give it to him yet.
Tony smiled when he wanted to chuckle, and held up the platter of food and drink that he was carrying. “Supper, sir.”
“You’re perfect,” Steve slurred irritably. “Sleep, Tony, is’okay.”
“Please,” Tony begged with a hitch in his voice, his hips stuttering up for attention. “Fuck—Steve, I’m so close.”
Tony quieted him with an unexpected slip of tongue, a deep, possessive kiss that left Steve moaning instead of voicing any concerns.
“No—no, wait, that’s,” Steve tried to explain without laughing at the absurdity of the rumor, but eventually he could only groan and start over. “So, I read the book first in 2015 while we were shooting the third Cap, uh, Captain America movie,
“Tony,
“Stark, this finally makes sense! The man’s created a perfect little world for himself to rule by convincing you to that glorifying hegemonic apathy and uniformity will result in peace. I don’t care if he’s got more faith than god, you can’t forget that he is a man like everybody else: corruptible, and accountable to the law. If the law does not apply to him, this is no longer a free society.”
Steve considered the information he had already been given, then shook his head.
Bucky was already making his way upstairs to see whether Steve was getting ready for bed as he’d promised. “Mine’s been suspiciously quiet,” he admitted as he knocked and made his way in.
Dr. Odinson stood up in a sudden rush. “Gentlemen!” he roared, looming over them in a way that reminded Steve that he was only a mortal man. “This is getting out of hand. Will you calm yourselves?”
“Not exactly,” Sam said with a wry look. It wasn’t like any of them ever believed their gadgets would live forever, but there was a particular rage that set in when their gadgets were lost
Tony had no interest in returning to his home after that. Simply being alone disturbed him, and he quietly sat at Steve’s desk the whole afternoon while Steve made his way through the mountain of paperwork that came with such a convoluted case.
Tony turned towards Jane now that she finally addressed Tony directly, and the fear in the young officer’s eyes hit him like a punch in the gut. He wanted so badly to say he had been wrong, that it had only been a figment of barbaric 21st century imagination. That no man could devastate countless innocent lives for petty ambitions such as revenge or greed.
“My point is, making food for someone you care about is romantic—and it works,” Clint said with a touch less enthusiasm. “We’ll pick a quiet movie then peel off, I don’t know, halfway through the movie?”
Finally, there was nothing left but to sit down beside Steve’s couch and get started. Steve’s leg was slightly elevated to help with the swelling, and Tony rolled up Steve’s shorts just enough to see where the worst of it was. With great care and a light touch he loosely framed Steve’s thick thigh between his hands, and rubbed small, gentle circles down Steve’s quad with his thumbs.
“Possibly,” Steve started to say, not that he could think too straight after that confession. Never meet your heroes, they said.
“I like to be prepared,” Tony said, attempting to sound like a reasonable adult.
“No reason,” Tony eventually said, because he really didn’t know what else to say. Instead, he turned back to Bruce. “Bruce, please. Help me get him: help me make him uncomfortable as hell. A man like that will hate to be told what he’s doing wrong in life.”
“You did say you had plans to hook up later, and since I’m leaving,” Jane explained, shrugging off the rest of the sentence.
Steve was on the call to order their meals when Tony’s second text came in. He rolled his eyes to himself, but changed their order to include two bottles of champagne, then hung up to answer Tony.
“Do you remember their names?”
Maria walked up to them before Tony had a chance to find her, and with a smile she told them, “Reverend Stanley is ready whenever you are. Come on, dad’s got the papers for you to sign.”
“You know, a friend of a friend told me about this guy, Justin, he sounded great for you. Why don’t you let me set you up? He’s interested in engineering, too, and he loves to dance—”
is… it’s 2019, it should be unheard of. But what was that like for you when you heard the news? What was the reaction at home?”
“You wanted to tell me something?” Steve finally dared to say at the same time as Tony asked, “How was your first day?”
“You know what I think?” Steve continued with his thoughtful observations while Tony struggled to help him to his bedroom. “I think you’re a great actor, Tony. But there’s so much of your big old caring heart in Iron Man that when this movie comes out, and the fandom inevitably explodes,
“Tony, what is going on?” Rhodey wondered, and he held up his phone to add, “Your messages sounded serious, and now your, you’re, you…”
In a moment of post-coital insanity, Tony wondered if he had died, if this continued high of orgasm was what the afterlife could be. The way Steve soothed and teased his insides, and left his spent, twitching cock alone, Tony could sense the impossible happening, from the tingling in his toes to the rebuilding pressure at the base of his cock: somehow, he was already gearing up for a second round. But that couldn’t be; his brain was still sluggish and doped up from his orgasm, and he could only moan Steve’s name in warning, needing him to know that his cock would be rising to the occasion again if Steve didn’t stop what he was doing.
“So tell us, Tony, how excited were you when you got the call for
“You can’t be serious.”
“And what about
Tony’s expression quirked in exasperated confusion. “How’d you know what I was gonna say?”
Today he stood at the top of the stairs like some lovesick deer in headlights, occupying the entry hall of the newsroom to stare at his partner.
He never felt as safe as he did in Steve’s arms. Steve kissed him like every touch of their lips was a miracle, and he held Tony to his chest with what was only a fraction of his strength. The raw power in his body comforted Tony in a way no armed guard could, as if Steve inherently understood what support Tony craved.
“Bite the comforter,” Steve told him, fucking him steadily and spreading his two fingers as much as he could once or twice more before his patience ran out. It would be good enough, and if Tony wanted to feel it, Steve would make sure he felt it.
“I was recovering from the concussion and you still made it the best birthday I’ve ever had,” Steve told him with a fond smile. He opened his mouth to continue, but like they had every day that week when he came home with flowers, Steve’s words failed him.
“Had to use someone’s proportions,” Tony confirmed with a little shrug, but when he caught the flash of excitement in Steve’s eyes, he quickly understood.
“She still is hot,” Tony seconded as he joined them from the elevator. He eyed Steve and guessed, “Police Academy or Little Trouble?”
“She’s an incredibly talented actress,” Steve told Tony as if he was compelled to say it. “She was so convincing. I hated her.”
“Sir, I formally convey my respectful presence,” Jane said and raised her hand for a formal yet friendly greeting.
“Won’t you get in trouble for not having them?” he asked anyway, because offering to purchase him a replacement wasn’t out of the question.
,” Tony added emphatically with a mischievous grin that definitely caught Steve’s attention. “I was thinking more like, a date? Night out, a drink; maybe a dance? I mean,” he said in the brief second Steve hadn't reacted, rocking back on his heels a little as if he was growing less confident in his plan all of a sudden. “Sure, it’s not Tribeca ...hell, it’s not even Kansas, but you’d be hard pressed to find better people anywhere.”
Steve peeled one eye open and looked in Tony’s direction. God, if love was real, Steve knew it existed in those brown eyes looking back at him.
Steve purposefully stood close enough so Tony could feel him unzipping his pants and pulling his cock out. Then it was the work of seconds to ease the plug out of Tony’s ass, and even less than that to roll the condom on. The rim of Tony’s ass pulsed with the loss of the toy, stretched and well slick from the excessive lube. It wasn’t the longest or fattest toy in Tony’s collection, of that Steve had no doubt, but it was enough to get the job started.
With a bitter inward sigh, Steve reminded himself that it wasn’t his place to notice anymore. He steeled himself for their intended meeting and announced himself with a simple, “Hey, Tony.”
“Oh, no—sweetheart, I, I’m sorry, everything is okay, I forgot the time!” Steve rushed to say, “I’m—everything is okay, go back to sleep. Call me when you’re free!”
“Do you understand how difficult it is to live with someone who won’t eat?” she asked rhetorically, a smile clear in her voice.
“I figured,” Tony said with a sigh, but then fell silent for a long time before he could continue. “I’d… I wasn’t in the best place then, honestly. I hurt my shoulder in a bad fall over a year ago, and I didn’t handle the painkillers all that well. That’s why I was in Vancouver.”
Jane pulled up to the sprawling colonnade that led to the entryway of the building. “Captain Steven G. Rogers, I wish you an effervescent evening. And if I may say so, sir, you look elegant and well suited to this handsome crowd. Should uncomfortable circumstances arise, remember that it is better to be silent, or to simply repeat Tony Stark’s response. He is your steward, and even if you look unusual by copying him, everyone will perceive your action as an endeavour to learn and only think highly of you for your efforts.”
for these two prompts:
’s and the
“You—you would do that?” Steve finally managed to whisper. “You would do that for me?”
“It sounds like you have a lot of work ahead of you,” she said quietly in understanding. “You just let me know how I can help. Practice tests, food, you name it. If anybody can make this happen, honey, it’s you.”
, this is a classroom, with a shockingly sturdy desk—”
Clint was still telling him about the things they’d have to wrap up before the weekend when Steve stepped out onto the porch. Whatever that phone call had been about, whoever had made the call and chased the easy smile from Steve’s face, Tony immediately felt a vindictive contempt rising in his chest for what they had done. It had taken no more than the fifteen minutes they were apart, and it hurt to watch Steve return with stiff shoulders and an uncomfortable tension in his whole posture.
One night, he had taken the chance of slipping one canister over Tony’s hard cock, pumping it over his erection until Tony was fit to burst before introducing the second canister in his ass. Between the tight, velvety core of the canister massaging around his cock, and the thick, knobbed girth working his ass open, Tony’s body had handled like a dream, thriving on the pain of both canisters simultaneously locking in, and unbothered by exhaustion.
As she reported his presence to H, Steve slid up to her desk and eased himself close enough that his thigh brushed against her forearm. The silken mohair fabric of his suit whispered over her bare skin, and Steve watched her smile and shiver involuntarily.
Tony hung up the phone and sat it down on table beside the porch swing.
“He asked about the cases being picked up by different precincts?” Bucky said, echoing Steve in his disbelief. “That specific detail? Steve, are you sure we want to discount him as a suspect?”
“Romantic feelings?” Tony asked immediately in his excitement, and relief washed over Steve like a cold shower. He bit his cheeks to keep from laughing, quickly nodding his head instead.
“I mean, I don’t have my book list or my house robes, but I
“I’ve only ever eaten eggs twice in my life,” Tony whispered, sitting down with care so that he wouldn’t drop his plate or his eggs. “This—Stephanie, this is… thank you.”
Sexy time tags apply here.
Before he changed his mind, Steve marched out of his bedroom. Tony picked up his head without looking away from his texting, but when Steve only hovered in the sitting room and didn’t retake his seat, Tony paused his texting and looked up.
For Steve, it wasn’t so strange anymore to watch himself perform. Whether it was TV or movies, this was a strange but real part of his life. It had been years since seeing himself or hearing his voice stopped bothering him. But it was another experience entirely to see from an outsider’s perspective how he gazed at Tony with big cow eyes whenever Tony spoke, or how he gravitated after Tony’s movements instinctively any time Tony sat up or leaned away, as if Steve’s lizard brain couldn’t bear to leave more than two feet between them. Or the way his lips twisted in his discontent every time Tony fawned over Colin Farrell’s accent. Steve could only count his lucky stars that the camera operator cut away from him when Tony and Colin stepped away to see who could hold a plank longer, but then again, he’d never forget the sight of Tony getting cheeky about the challenge, or the round swell of his ass in those tailored jeans as Tony did his leg lifts.
With his head still pressed into the mattress, Tony side-eyed Steve with a flash of teeth and a promise of rebellion. “I can take it, Steve,” Tony whined, pressing his hips back for Steve, but the next time he opened his mouth, Steve pushed two fingers into him without added prep or stretching, taking pleasure in the way Tony’s jaw went slack with the first taste of pain and pleasure.
Didn’t the guy realize it was a sarcastic deflection? It wasn’t a serious question; Tony had to say
With a firm pinch of his fingers, the student squeezed around the base of Tony’s cock to stave off the inevitable and used his free hand to press two more fingers into his ass. Between the smooth and slow constant massage of his prostate and the two fingers fucking into his ass, Tony had lost all control of his body. Drool spilled down his chin from his open, panting mouth and his body jerked forward with every thrust of the alien’s fingers, powerless as he was to brace himself anymore. When three fingers became four, Tony only had the energy to mewl pitifully at the added stretch, spewing incomprehensible words begging for release.
Steve wanted to cry. Flavored condoms sounded more appetizing.
“Your friendship,” Tony replied, without a second’s hesitation. “Your respect.”
“What is it you want?”
Steve watched him, struggling to keep up with the sudden left turn this conversation had taken. But, if he was sticking this out, if he was going to convince Tony to marry him by the end of the week, what choice did he have?
When Steve didn’t offer any more information, Tony felt around in the pockets of the hoodie to see if he’d missed something. They turned out to be empty, but after a quick pat-down, Tony found the three pill bottles in Steve’s sweats.
“Respectful salutations. As an assistant to your estimable Reproductive Medical Screening Professional, henceforth RMSP, Dr. Moses da Graça…”
“It’s
Except all Steve heard was his blind promise to turn down future opportunities for the sake of their relationship. What if they wanted Tony to stay at Quantico, or move to D.C.? If the FBI was what he really wanted, then Steve couldn’t be the reason Tony turned anything down. Even if Tony never grew to resent him, Steve would resent himself for holding back the man he loved.
,” he thrilled emphatically, beaming in his happiness, and if ever Steve hadn’t wanted to kiss him before, he desperately wanted to do so now. Not that he was in a position to get physical; he hadn’t been for a long time. As Steve’s wounds had healed, they had sometimes tangled in a kiss, or found comfort in each other’s arms.
It was difficult to do so successfully while Tony worked feverishly on this uncomfortable and undoubtedly violent solution, but at least Bruce could choose what points to respond to. “Wait,” he wondered after a brief silence of Tony’s continued reading. “Captain America is Irish?”
“I’ll follow up with them,” Tony told them, already shrugging out of his jacket to take his seat. “You got the profile ready?” he asked Natasha.
“I am so sorry,” he heard Tony apologizing—why was he apologizing! And she was laughing, what was happening? “He is going to be mortified later.”
“What I believe is irrelevant.”
Looked like Peggy hadn’t managed to suppress it after all. Steve sighed, but found himself more frustrated by the appearance of secrecy than what the ‘secret’ was about. The last thing he wanted was for people to think he had been bi all along and actively pretended otherwise. As if his orientation was something to be ashamed of, or worse - that he could be ashamed of Tony.
One could never trust a Woman. There was only one purpose they had for his kind, and to that end no man was better or worse than any other. He had no reason to believe he would ever be safe again if they knew where he lived.
Hours after the sun set and well into the night, Tony finished his book and made his way back to Steve, who was still lingering on some pages in Hammarskjöld’s memoir.
“Did you know most my relationships ended because of money?” Tony continued, and this time, Steve’s smile faded. He picked his head up and looked at Tony with a deep frown in his expression, no doubt wondering if he somehow fell in the same category as those who used Tony for money.
“Did I say it wrong?” Steve asked, his tone immediately changed from affectionate and warm to sharp focus. “Is it not my treasure? My sweetheart?”
When they reluctantly slipped apart for breath, Tony licked his lips and glanced at the clock on the wall. “Patrick?” he wondered, and Steve shook his head.
“What I’m here for doesn’t matter,” Steve told him, growing more indignant by the idea. Sex worker or not, people had rights. “You don’t touch anyone without permission, and certainly not before any explicit agreements are made. Casual touches in public cost extra.”
“Did you know, this is the longest relationship I’ve ever been in?” he said softly into the space between them.
He could feel his heart stuttering in his panic, and if Tony didn’t know any better, he’d be convinced the pieces of his dead, miserable computer were living out their next lives somewhere in his arteries, punishing him with his every breath for recklessly overworking them. Any minute now, they would reach his heart and tear it to ribbons and Tony would spill out of his chair and curl up on the speckled linoleum floor that hadn’t been vacuumed since Steve last visited, and die like a poisoned insect.
“Oh, my, fucking—”
“Can’t bear to watch, Tony?” he growled between sucking wet, biting kisses to the soft skin behind Tony’s ear. “Will that set you off, watching me? My lips stretched over your thick, gorgeous cock?”
for support & looking these drafts over, because mannnnn this could have been so much more involved and convoluted. But the story is done, we did it!! I hope y'all enjoy!
It might as well have been made for him.
“What happened, Tony?” he glowered, circling his arms around Tony and helping guide him to the nearest couch. “Who did this to you? Do we need to—”
“Tell me the bomb squad is on the way, Steve,” Tony pleaded, “this—that’s not an amateur’s work, that’s a serious piece of equipment, you shouldn’t be handling it.”
“Yes!” the man beside her cried in morbid excitement. “Share with us the gorey insights of living in a sick, decaying pit of suffering and interracial hate.”
Unlike his fantasies for power play and dominance while fucking Tony, Steve had never been shy about oral sex. He took to his task like fish to water, explicitly inviting Tony from day one to grab him by the hair, to be more assertive and vocal about what he needed. At nineteen and in his first relationship that hadn’t begun with a one-night stand, Tony had still been hesitant. After all, when you avoided versatiles and other bottoms like the plague, you learned to live with the consequences.
Steve stumbled to the nearest bench and dropped into a seat, a hand covering his heart. Tony dropped what he was doing and rushed over to him, kneeling on the porch and turning Steve’s face to look him in the eyes.
“Nothing concrete,” Steve admitted as objectively as he could. “The only good news is that from the remaining crime scene evidence and threatening letters, we have a lot of avenues yet to find the people responsible.”
Steve floated on air to the lecture hall. This was why he hadn’t run into Brock before, obviously - fate only let it happen now that Steve looked his absolute best, because fate wanted them to be together.
“Two years now, your Majesty,” she said, still looking a little worried with her answers. “My late husband was a devoted educator in Friedstadt. That was our home.”
Different combinations of the same conversation became so common place that Tony soon learned that there was no room for people in happy, monogamous relationships at these toxic get-togethers. After enough people ‘forgot’ to invite him to dinner and poolside poker nights, and lively conversations consistently quieted to awkward silence whenever he came near, Tony learned his place on the sidelines. They included him to the extent that they needed to for his business and his genius, but just like boarding school and college and graduate school, he didn’t fit in.
“How much extra? The boyfriend experience, for the night? Twelve thousand?” the man offered casually. “No more than fourteen. The works.”
“Trade?”
All at once, Tony was bereft of Steve’s touch, his body gaping and incomplete with the aching loss. He felt himself skimming the surface of consciousness when he distantly recognized the blunt pressure taking the place of Steve’s fingers.
As a final reminder, I did my best to tag everything for this chapter but there is a big chance that I've missed something. So before you continue, remember that this is a story where Tony is an underage boy who has been kidnapped for sexual exploitation. Nothing about this is kosher.
Steve didn’t linger or waste any time. “Quick one now,” Steve promised, as if it hadn’t been an off-hand joke. “More later.”
“Traitor,” Tony groused, but he added a playfully nudge at Steve’s foot under the table to take the edge off. His mother, on the other hand, got a stone cold stare. “Look at me, ma! You couldn’t tell me heaven exists in a cup but don’t drink it, and look at me now. I’m five-nine and a half. A half, I’m a grown man who counts a half.”
“Don’t think you’ve ever said that to me with my clothes on,” Steve teased him in a lowered voice, and Tony practically squeaked before the giggles took him again.
The phone buzzed in his hand and undid the vestigial resistance of his guilty conscience. He pulled it out immediately and just seeing a text from Tony cleared the drowsy fog of disinterest in his head and lifted the weight of boredom from his shoulders.
Since Steve had nothing but his underwear on, Tony could easily see the blush coloring his chest and his neck as easily as he saw it spreading across his face. He grinned with delight, itching to reach out and tease him, but Steve only huffed quietly and tried to keep a straight face, as if to pretend Tony’s words hadn’t affected him one bit.
No, serving them Clint’s location would not do. Tony needed another plan.
“My brother comes home for the first time in seven years,” Clint drawled while flipping burgers on the grill. “I can’t make him his favorite stupid food without getting an interrogation?”
“You live in a cottage?” she whispered after a long silence, a buoyant wonder lifting her voice, and even Tony’s spirit. Any fear or shame he felt in thinking she would find the very idea of living in a swamp revolting was forgotten, and he watched her with a budding hope he hadn’t dared to feel for a long, long time.
, who so generously donated to Jess Guilbeaux's college fund!! I love you, lady, thank you for ALL THE YELLING!!!
“And,” Steve asked, a little more hesitant. “Even knowing. I traded, traded, um.”
, Steve? Brace yourself, baby,” he whispered in a smooth, husky voice that left Steve powerless to resist him. “Soon you might wish I always was away on press tours.”
“I had it down to five rings when your mom was showing my parents around New York, so I called them.”
Despite the initial competitive flare that Tony had goaded him into, Steve quickly learned to divide his time between trying to throw Tony into the cushioned ring, and choreographing his own new favorite memories.
For their honeymoon they had taken to the sea on a private yacht for a few days, far from staff, curious tourists, and hidden cameras. That first night, Steve had ridden Tony’s cock under the light of a starlit sky. Every moment with Tony was a gift, but Steve still cherished the memory struggling to make their first night last forever, of unraveling Tony's world with every roll of his hips and every touch of his lips.
He looked away and took a deep breath to steady himself. “Formal decisions. Communicating with the court when I wanted to join an internship intended for older students. My social workers. They didn’t treat me like I’m different.”
Clint glanced at the door, then looked at Tony. Then, without preamble, he sat his heavy haunches down on the packed dirt floor of Tony’s cottage like it was his own damn floor. “I’m staying,” he announced. “You can’t move me.”
“Let me,” Steve husked against Tony’s ear, bowing his head and scraping his teeth down the column of Tony’s throat. With an arm around Tony’s lower back and a firm grip of his thigh, Steve jerked Tony’s hips flush against his own. Instinctively, Tony thrust up with a deep purr of pleasure, delighting in how his hard cock slid against the length of Steve’s erection.
Strawberry blonde, legs for days
. You changed your ringtone to ‘America, Fuck Yeah’ so everytime someone called to wish you a happy birthday that obnoxious song got stuck in my head.”
Whatever ghosts from Steve’s past were haunting him now, he wouldn’t move. With his face hidden in his hands and his shoulders shuddering with the weight of his uneven breaths, Tony struggled to think of ways to get his attention again without startling him.
There weren’t so many people there, but all of them were taking their time, chatting leisurely amongst themselves and ambling in the general direction of Taco Bell’s imposing entrance. Part of Steve wanted to shout at them - what self-respecting New Yorker walked this slowly? He had almost reached Mina and her clipboard when a friendly, familiar voice addressed him from a near distance.
Ean gave Torin his hand, and as bidden, he rose to his feet. Torin led him to the altar, lit now only by warm candlelight, and in words too quiet for the audience to hear, commanded Ean to bend at the waist and place both hands on the warm stone. The chief priest did as he was asked, submitting to Torin’s instructions without question.
“I’ve wanted to tell you for a few years, but I never knew how to do it without sounding like I was trying to pressure you into marriage.”
At first, Steve had taken the cautious, conservative approach of filling the first canister before beginning on the second. The fine needles were too small for human comprehension, and even when they all pushed through into the bloodstream for the harvest, the sensation was either entirely negligible relative to the pleasure of orgasm, or, in many cases, the sting only added to the climactic ecstacy.
“Why does everyone seem to think I want to seduce Bruce Wayne?” Tony grumbled mostly to himself, flagging down the bartender for a needed drink. “I wanna nail him, not
Steve nodded slowly as he processed that information, finding himself surprised that he didn’t have to fake being impressed by someone. “How will you prove that you can write for women?”
He wasn’t sure it made sense outside of his head, but there was a look of understanding in Steve’s eyes, so Tony counted it as a win.
The world around him suddenly stopped as Steve felt Tony kneeling at his feet like an offering. Unhurried and reverent in his touch, Tony lifted Steve’s soft cock in one hand and brushed his lips over the tip. Steve expected a playful kiss or maybe Tony would even try to stroke him off until he realized Steve wasn’t getting hard again, but Tony did neither. Instead, he parted his lips and took Steve’s soft cock into his mouth, swallowing him down until he nuzzled into Steve’s groin.
“Long story short, I met a guy last night, went back to his place,” Tony was saying with a self-satisfied grin while he leaned most of his weight against the arm of the couch. “Pretty sure he fucked my back out of alignment and I need you to fix it.”
“He saw right through me, Tony—what was I thinking, going into that meeting without any planning? Peggy called and told me to go, so I said yes, and I blew it.”
‘Just what?’ Steve thought to himself. Just where did he think that thought was going to go?
The sun was still high in the sky, but the three of them saw clearly in the distance how the buildings and lights in Lumine came back to life all at once. Something about it felt like a victory, and as Bucky clapped Steve gently on the back, Steve could feel the tension in his chest ease. Every minute brought him closer to his husband, and Steve needed him like he needed his own heartbeat. He needed to see that Tony was alive, and together they would fix this. Together, there was nothing they couldn’t do.
Or maybe long, frustrating work days brought out the pessimist in him. It was hard to tell sometimes.
Steve couldn’t even bring himself to acknowledge her. He looked at Brock, horrified. “You know her?”
“I was offered the role in the eleventh hour. I loved the script, but Steve,” Tony’s words softened to silence at the thought of what Steve had done for him, and with a genuine, adoring smile, he tried to explain. “Steve was home with me that whole time. He turned down a lot of offers to do that, and he had a big project coming up at the same time. But he read that script and said I had to do it. He made that happen for me,” Tony finished, absently fiddling with the armrest.
When he finally had Steve turn back around to wash his front, Tony almost gave up on the sponge all together. “You strike a hard bargain,” he murmured with an appreciative tone, staring shamelessly at Steve’s clear show of interest. But he resisted the urge to rush, instead indulging in the pleasure of washing the firm muscles of Steve’s chest and shoulders, muttering silent curses under his breath at the surreal cut of Steve’s body.
Steve sat down on a bench outside the library and tried to get his thoughts together. He had tried so hard and come so far, and still he was miserable and alone. He missed his mom, he wanted to talk to her so badly, but Wednesdays were her early shifts and she’d already be asleep. If he woke her up with a phone call, she’d think it was an emergency no matter what he said.
Steve rolled his eyes, and not for the first time that hour, he explained. “I don’t have a crush on Sam Heughan, I have a crush on Caitriona Balfe.
“One moment,” Steve told Bucky quietly. T’Challa was still introducing the subject of sustainable agriculture in Wakanda. There was plenty, it seemed, that Steve would have to talk to him about later, and he took the time to finish jotting his thoughts down for later reference.
Tony waited until they were gone before turning to Steve. “You haven’t run away yet,” he noted, and the timid hope in his eyes easily told Steve he was only half-joking.
“Lucy’s stealth technology is the first of its kind. If we lose her, she’s lost forever, do you understand? She’s our only working prototype. I can’t even track it; that technology gets into the wrong hands, we’re screwed. Is that clear?”
Tony took a deep breath, held it for a count of four, then slowly let it out. When that didn’t work, he tried distracting himself by staring out the window in silence. The tension in the car and the familiar feeling of being watched told him Steve continued to glance his way, but Tony waited until he could quiet his own insecurities.
“Then, knock it off! Chief Director, you requested and trusted my assessment to bring the Captain into the fold for his experience and expertise apprehending the multi-MDK maniac. In light of our recent failures and unsanctioned loss of life, I urge you most desperately to consider Captain Steve Rogers’ advice.”
Tony decided on white for himself, but that Steve had to wear the one in blue, because matching was tacky.
Full of reinvigorated confidence he sauntered into the room and took a seat in the front row. All around him students unfold their laptops in silence (one smarmy soul had even brought
“3:10,” Tony mumbled around his first bite of his last pancake. “Why?”
Steve hummed quietly as he pretended to think it over. “I think I can live with that.”
Steve could feel Tony looking at him, so he very pointedly did
Armed with his key card, Steve shuffled into the elevator half asleep, and when the elevator stopped he grabbed his rolling bag and made to step out.
How would anybody believe him?
Tony couldn’t wait to introduce Steve to all of it, and after an early end to an otherwise long day, he raced back to the Palace to find his husband. After a short search, Tony found him in the ground floor library.
Don’t make me send my mom to kick in your door
“I’m fine,” Tony muttered under his breath, though he still refused to look at her.
“I’m going after her,” Steve told him while paramedics rushed to stabilize Tony. “I’ll be back; you can be angry then.”
“Medics are on the way, Steve Rogers!” he heard Tony shouting through the haze of pain, but it didn’t matter. Rumlow was disappearing into the distance, while half a dozen New Yorseylvanian peace officers openly gawped after him.
“Breakfast’s at 6, like always; no special city folk hours, understand?” Maria told him, then stretched to kiss his cheek one more time. “It’s good of you to come home, baby. Mama missed you.”
“Fuck yeah, I’m in,” Bucky said with a grin. But his expression sobered a little as he remembered why he was there. He had carried a tray of gutted tech down with him, and he delivered it to Tony by carefully setting it down on his workstation.
“Would you like some company, perhaps?” Tony asked instead of addressing his comment.
“How could I say no? I mean, is there a better audience in the world?” he said, easily scoring bonus points and applause with pandering flattery.
“Convenient? It is his duty as Governor and our leader, Captain Steven G. Rogers.”
“You are an incredibly sensitive man who inspires joy-joy feelings in all those around you!” the computer replied in a chipper voice.
So soon after his fucking, Tony's ass gaped without being touched, but Steve wanted more. With a consciously gentler touch than before, Steve pulled Tony’s hole to its limit. He didn't say much, or if he did, Tony couldn't understand him. He simply watched. Watched the unnatural stretch of Tony's fucked out hole, watched his come filling Tony's body. Watched as some of it leaked out of Tony and slowly slid downward, tickling his skin and raising gooseflesh.
“Your best suit is your birthday suit. And incidentally,” Steve whispered against his jaw, a rumbling sound deep in his chest. “Your birthday suit is my only birthday wish.”
When Bucky finally interrupted him, it was to address the pilots of the royal guard who had followed Tony in the initial response. Steve knew that Tony had dismissed them after Air Force reinforcements arrived, but the Iron Legion had clearly elected to disregard their king’s instruction.
Steve watched as Tony only responded to the children’s overexcitement with a warm, patient smile and thoughtful replies while he led them away in the direction of the park map. He gave them his full attention, spoke calmly and addressed every kid in turn, making it clear that he had heard every one of their little voices.
“It’s more concise, it’s—”
Sharon frowned at the thought. “What if he can’t go tonight?”
“You were cold,” Steve said in a whisper, as if any other man wouldn’t happily use the same excuse to get Tony naked in bed, or naked in a warm shower, or naked in front of the fireplace in a nest of pillows and plush blankets. And frankly, Tony would have been all for a horny welcome, but privately (grudgingly) he could admit that there was something special about simply being held and comforted in arms that never wanted to let him go.
“Don’t get involved, Barnes,” Rhodey suggested, but Bucky blatantly ignored him.
“I’ll only let you climb on if you promise not to fall,” Rhodey told Tony before he got anywhere close to the bull. “Promise?”
“Wilson, I need a favor,” he announced, pitching his voice low. “Steve’s birthday is in two days and the man eats everything. He likes everything. He’s perfect. You gotta help me: where do I take the man for a birthday feast? Something special.”
“Fourteen,” Clint said, as if that explained everything.
A week passed in silence, and 006 was officially declared MIA, presumed dead. In the same time, Tony, Sam, and Bucky helped 008 safely extract an NSA agent and install himself with the AWB for a long-op.
“Mr. Rogers! Mr. Rogers!”
She tied him to a chair. She asked him where Bond hid the ledger on Scorpius. She asked him what Bond knew, what he knew about Singapore.
“…okay, can’t be sure by phone, but it looks legit,” Tony muttered mostly to himself, and there was a quick clicking sound. “You’re on speaker with my students. Could you open one of them up?”
“I work with numbers,” the man replied with a little shrug. “Looks like it finally paid off.”
“No, baby, it’s better than that,” Tony purred. “I’m going to let you play with me.”
His room was a disaster.
Steve shrugged one shoulder as if to concede an error on his part. Except, there wasn’t a humble bone in Steve’s body, so Sharon turned to shut the door behind them immediately.
“I, uh,” Tony glanced back over his shoulder at the Emily sign, then quickly turned back to Steve to say, “burgers, actually. A burger, singular. Have you had the Emmy burger?”
“Try me.”
“Oh, crap—I know this,” he murmured to himself, and Tony stared as Steve racked his brain for the answer. “It was… it was Julián something. Julián de los Santos?”
“What’s wrong, Steve?” Tony asked, edging closer on the couch in case Steve was hurt. “You broke contact, are you unwell?”
No pressure.
, Carol! Whatever your, your boyfriend told you is a goddamn lie. Tony is smart and clever, and he’s too damn strong to be bullied into some business arrangement by his parents.”
Yet when he finally got a good look at the monstrosity of a man whom Tony had pissed off, the tables turned immediately. Whatever he was, the man had a foot and easily a hundred pounds on Steve.
“Who’s not in his prime now!” Tony growled into Clint’s ear while his brother’s slapping attempts to fight back only had Tony cackling maniacally and sawing his knuckles over Clint’s head in a terrible noogie. Clint cried out with a string of words no pastor would forgive, to which Tony only shouted back “Who? I can’t hear you!”
“You are correct, Steve Rogers! I applaud your mind, you are already learning,” Tony said with a smile. “As you have said, only gold class adults are eligible for state sanctioned partnerships. Gold class adults can also enter managerial positions and leadership roles. They can be politicians, doctors, lawyers.”
“My turn.”
“God it’s fucking cold—come in, detective. Want a drink?” he called over his shoulder as he led the way into his home. Steve shut the door behind him, but he followed at a more subdued pace.
“Oh, wow—no, hey, another time, that sounds amazing. I’m so relieved,” she admitted to Steve with a smile, “Tony has a tendency to put his work before everything else, and I was worried you were just going along with it for the sex or taking advantage of him—”
Karl waved his hand in the air with a dramatic flourish. “Bring this man his puppy prize!”
Steve carefully moved closer a moment later, this time to apologize and soothe with feather-light kisses, but Tony tugged more insistently on Steve’s hair.
, a sincere effort by a politician of note who tried to defend the vulnerable of the world and sought his peace and his grounding in his faith and in his poetry.
Steve hung his head, then scrubbed his hands over his face. It wasn’t difficult to see Steve was upset, but for the life of him, Tony couldn’t figure out why. Who would not be comforted to know someone could always monitor his coordinates and his health? Thanks to code tracers, ambulances and medical attention had never lost their way, and for those whose conditions could be predicted, aid often arrived well before the incident came to pass.
When strong hands guided Tony’s legs further apart, he was still so loose and relaxed from his orgasm that he barely noticed the stretch. He was starting to breathe through the pleasure and mounting pressure of his second orgasm when Steve loosely closed his hand around the shaft of Tony’s half-hard cock to give it a few slow, easy strokes while he pumped his fingers smoothly in and out of him to gradually ease his fingers out, one at a time. Tony thrust up into Steve’s loose, dry fist, and still high on the pleasure and satisfaction of fucking Steve’s fist while Steve finger fucked him, he barely noticed how two fingers turned to one, turned to none.
“See? The future isn’t all bad,” Steve grinned, only half-joking. “So you went to the zoo with Bruce, you ran into Natasha with Clint’s kids, and…”
He hadn’t finished his question before the whole class roared with shrill excitement, demanding and begging in turn that he join them at the zoo the following week.
“You are!”
“Do it,” Tony whispered, lifting his ass as best as he could on his tiptoes. “I want it, baby, please.”
“Say Tony’s right: we get all the data we need and they’re all there. We’re still working with two years of dating history. What are the chances that they only have one match in common?”
“Shut up,” he told it as the vibrations turned to loud ringing, taunting him while he dug his phone out from all the other crap in his bag.
“Then here we go,” Karl said with a big grin. “This is for both of you about the other, does that make sense? What song would the man next to you use to describe your characters’ relationship in
“Wow,” Steve breathed, still reeling from everything the woman had just told him. “Thank you, I’m so glad I met you.”
“—whatever. You
“How much?” a slippery humanoid sitting to Steve’s left asked. It’s pet perched on its shoulder, with a tongue so long that it rested at its master’s feet. The tongue radiated heat even at a distance.
It wasn’t a regular thought, or even one he allowed to fester for very long. Quite the opposite: Tony was indescribably proud of Steve for dedicating his life to a profession that really made a difference in people’s lives. Both of them knew Steve didn’t need to work - Tony had made it clear from the beginning that Steve had no need to work another day in his life if he didn’t want to. Tony made more money than either of them could spend in a lifetime, and nothing made him happier than using it to dote on his man.
There was a chance Steve would be impressed by the view, but Tony wouldn’t bet the farm on that. Steve would be more likely to be impressed by the self-cleaning mechanism of the skyscraper’s windows, since that would save workers from risking their lives getting up that high to wash windows.
Twenty-first century etiquette differed from what Steve was used to, but he wasn't so dense that he missed the unspoken ‘better’ in Tony’s question. That didn’t mean he also knew what to say. Was he supposed to apologize? He wasn’t sure what he did wrong, but Tony’s smile didn’t reach his eyes anymore and Steve felt rotten.
“Say hi to Violet,” Georgie said with a big smile. “She is a Great Dane and Greyhound mix, but she’s just an oversized cuddlebug, and we’re told there’s nothing she likes more than a nap.”
Steve didn’t need much time to think over Paulette’s question. He knew his answer already, even if he also knew it wasn’t the right one.
“He’s classically trained as a dancer first,” Tony continued, clearly not discouraged in the least by the irritated looks people were throwing their way. Then, as if his whispering wasn’t bad enough, Tony suddenly laughed in the silent movie theater. “Oh man! I forgot his name was
“Sergeant James B. Barnes?” Tony echoed, not that either of them acknowledged him. Steve looked like his knees were about to buckle just as Bucky caught him in his arms and hauled him into a crushing hug.
“Where are we going?” he wondered in a hushed voice, peering up at the cavernous ceiling.
Tony frowned at the predictable lack of action, and dropped into his seat without any regard for decorum. “I find this tedious lack of stimulus dull,” he muttered mutinously, drumming his fingers over his desk. “Do you know what I did this week-end, Jane Foster?”
“Something about dinner with your mom?”
“You mean, like staking out a museum for eight days looking for a leggy brunet with a, and I quote, ‘plump ass’?”
Steve glanced around at the people lining up to volunteer for the game. “I don’t see any children,” he observed, then turned to Tony with a confident smile. “Give them no mercy, mein Schafes. For me and for the Rubens.”
“—Me!” Thor announced with a sudden boom, making Tony jolt upright and nearly knocking Bruce to the floor. “I’ll do it!”
There was a tension in Steve’s expression, but he denied it. “I think your mom makes a good point,” he replied. “If we can do the same thing here as there, why not do it with your family?”
“Hi!” he tried, offering his hand to shake in greeting. “We met yesterday, I’m—”
It had all been so perfect until the very end, but just because Brock couldn’t see past their differences didn’t mean Steve had to accept it. Sure, he didn’t have some fancy family tree or prized politicians in his family, but there was no rule that said he couldn’t be just as good as they were.
“Motherfucker, you lost my car in a fucking card game?” he hissed through gritted teeth. To hell with first impressions. “The fob is the tracker, Bond!”
Yet, somehow, Punk’d would have been less hurtful than reality.
“There are padded seats in the balcony,” she told him after a few moments, “but I think the best available seats are in section 107: center ice, great view of the game. They’re expensive, but—”
“It doesn’t matter: are there good seats left?”
“On the planet where I have to remember every detail about every fucking cock under the sun!” Steve answered emphatically, turning heads all around him. “The cock’s technique, the direction the cock moves in, the initial position of the cock—Fridays they must face north, unless they have black feathers, then they only face north on Sundays, unless the owner’s name begins with a J, then it can only face North on Monday afternoons between the hours of one and four, but at least they all agree that on Wednesdays they wear pink.”
With a surly, irritated groan, Tony finally opened his eyes. Steve was crouched on the floor of his room, ducked behind the bed. He frowned to himself in confusion, blinking at Steve for several beats until it sunk in that
“An award winning robot and my pick of any career in the Western Hemisphere,” Tony drawled, but evidently, Jane was impossible to impress anymore.
It was so unnatural that Steve nearly convinced himself he’d imagined it.
“You do?” he asked, his eyes bright with affection and he was only looking at Steve!
Long minutes passed in silence until finally Tony’s foot reached solid ground.
“Do you think I’m less serious about us because we’re not married?” he asked quietly.
lives with no air conditioning in the Bronx every other day of the year. I don’t envy them. Oh, and there’s this ice cream place a block away, Lickety Split? We have to go just for the name, right?”
They sat for what felt like an eternity, listening to speech after speech, and at some point Steve thought maybe he should pay more attention, but time was moving too fast and too slow all at once. Sitting on those lawn chairs lasted a lifetime, but when it came to walking across the stage, shaking hands with the Dean, and climbing the stairs back down to solid ground, time zipped past him so fast Steve couldn’t even remember how he came to stand on the lawn with a degree in hand and his phone buzzing itself into the stratosphere.
Steve would never admit it, but after seeing Tony again, time started passing quicker than he would have liked.
For the first time in a long time, Steve found himself tongue-tied and fumbling for a reply.
“Since last night,” Tony replied, as if that was a reasonable response. “We don’t have time for this Rhodey, my blossoming Rhodesian beauty, my black magic, my big honeybear pilot I love and respect so much—”
“I bet it’d be a memorable way to start your defense, letting Dum-E make everyone a smoothie,” Steve said with a smile, but he shook the thought away and leaned in to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Presentation first. The videos I have of Dum-E’s work are on the computer. What else do you need, sweetheart? What can I do?” Steve asked. “Have you eaten?”
. I follow them online, their Twitter, everything.”
Tony sat on the floor in the center of his cell, his hands tied behind his back around a pole buried deep in the ground. He glanced up when she walked into the cell, but rather than returning Stephanie’s smile or expressing any excitement to see her, he looked stricken by the sight of her, and immediately turned away.
“Most people would think four movies in ten months, you’re phoning it in, but this movie ...you’ve got something special here, I really mean that. It is so timely and well-done in every respect.”
He might not keep wads of cash rolled up and hidden in his curtain rods, but that didn’t mean people couldn’t imagine Howard Stark’s son stowing treasures in his room. The bolt helped.
Everything had its place and its purpose. The only thing Tony couldn’t figure out was the eight foot tall mirror in a beautiful, gilded frame, propped up against the corner wall behind the couch. There was enough space between the couch and the wall that Tony couldn’t have reached it even if he tried, but that didn’t mean he understood why a tired, morose reflection of himself was judging him through the mirror.
. Tony believed in
tree house—that was emailed in the last week of December. Steve has made these plans three months in advance. Steve had been so sure they’d make it to six months that he’d paid—
“No MLK, got it,” he promised, then with a slow, deep rumble in his voice, Tony asked, “Hey, Steve? You know, I asked you a question yesterday…”
“I have wanted to marry Éli as long as I have known her, Your Majesty,” he eventually confessed. “I was twelve and she was ten. Her family was from far away, but they fled during the war and hid in the same camp as my family. When we talked, I forgot we were hiding from a war. But ten years have passed and I worry she will say no, that we are too young. That it is not the right time,” he said with a grumble of irritation. “But how do you know when is the right time?”
Tony perked up and craned his neck to see from the table he was at, then, seemingly convinced it wasn’t a total waste, he came over with his own small armful of acceptable options to personally inspect what Steve had found.
Steve rolled his eyes and dumped the yolk in his hand into the discard bowl. One extra egg white wouldn’t hurt either of them.
“They sure won’t,” he agreed as he pulled the shutter closed again. “You’re out of here as soon as the storm is over.”
Isn’t that relative?
“Puppy prize!” Georgie cheered, and an assistant came out with a staggering bundle wrapped in a blanket. It wasn’t until the anxious little dog and his blanket were delivered directly to Steve that they saw it was a tan Great Dane mix. The puppy was clearly young and unsure of what to do with Steve, and Steve shifted on the couch so he could move the overgrown puppy right into his lap with Fran coddled to his chest between them.
“Think about it! The most recent book came out about a month ago,” Steve spoke firmly over Bucky’s obvious blindsided anger. “Maybe Kline thought he was going to have a part in the book because of what he did for Tony? When it doesn’t, he feels betrayed. He’s been taken advantage of and he loses it.”
Tony couldn’t help but perk up a little. He hadn’t thought of it that way before, and if he was honest, Steve’s logic made sense. Besides, the story he could write would most likely get Steve exonerated anywa—
“Captain Steven G. Rogers!” Tony snapped, and Steve immediately looked away with a pinched expression that looked far more amused than chastised. “Governor Alexander G. Pierce has only ever cared about one thing—”
“No—yes, no,” Tony hurried to say. “I’m fine, but one of my friends just got dumped and we’re out here and I thought I, I,” he trailed off into a miserable sound. “Ah, fuck, I didn’t think. I shouldn’t have asked, I—”
“They can’t stop you from playing in Qatar just because you’re bi,” Tony tried to say, but even as the words came out of his mouth, he regretted them. Yes, they could.
“Enhance your calm, Steve Rogers,” Tony suggested in a gentling tone, but it only seemed to agitate his charge further.
Unlike Fran the little Pomeranian, this time the assistant carried a squirming, long-limbed boxer puppy with a square nose and big, curious eyes. Tony stood up in his excitement to take the dog from her, but once he sat down, Steve shuffled closer so they could both marvel at the excitable balls of energy they never expected to play with today.
“My friend, I am truly sorry,” Tony whispered reverently, replacing the tablet on his desk with care to avoid startling his stricken friend. “Do not give up hope: You will acquire your license to conceive on your next effort. Any child would be grateful for your parentage and hereditary predispositions, generous as they are.”
“Never,” Steve admitted, pulling his hand back at first opportunity before the discomfort turned to pain.
“It’s not his dick that’s magic, Barnes!” Tony shouted after him, turning heads all around the garage. “It’s the whole package!”
, it is directly from experience. And that could either mean I had sex, it was spectacular and worthy of commemorating, or it was an intentional run-through with a willing partner or partners for the purpose of writing into the book. You with me?” he asked at the end of a crazy rush of words that Steve only barely digested. Had he been jerking off to Tony’s actual sex life? Sure, it wasn’t so far fetched, and occasionally he might have even guessed it, but to have it
You guys, this should have been a fun one-off, the flirtation between the hot young footballer and the sports journalist. That didn't want to be written though, and this came out instead. Now, I'm stuck. I'm honestly willing to go on with it, but I've hit a dead end, so I'm posting it here with the other residual stories to see if it resonates with any of you & what you'd like to see out of it, if anything.
“Mom, I don’t exactly know,” Tony said quietly; while speaking for Steve wasn’t his first choice, he needed his mom to stop her line of questioning. He pressed his cheek against the side of Steve’s head and rubbed slow, soothing circles over his shoulder, until Steve’s posture started to relax. Little by little, his hands slipped from his ears. “Foster kid, CPS,” he finally told his mom, as if that was all that needed to be said.
“Sudy’s data came in twenty minutes ago,” Bucky said, the first of them all to recover his relative professionalism. “The Seeking people are dragging their feet. They pushed back with some demand about warning their clients that their personal information would be shared with the police.”
Steve eyed him critically in silence for a second or two before the corner of his mouth turned up a little smile. “You’re welcome, Tony.”
They laughed together minutes ago, how could this be?
“Take me instead,” Stephanie told the warrior in a defiant and steady voice, as if they were not surrounded and outmatched in every way. “I am Stephanie, the Woman of prophecy. When I am bound to a Chief, my curse will be broken. Leave these men unharmed, and once my curse is lifted, I will give her the daughter she desires.”
Clint huffed and tossed his head. “Anyone ever tell you you’re a real pessimist?”
“It looked awful. Is it really broken?”
It didn’t take much coaxing before Steve obliged him, rolling onto his side and smiling up at Tony. “You’re not dreaming, Tony,” he whispered, if a little distracted, and soon he was reaching up to run his fingers through Tony’s otherworldly bedhead before dropping his hand in Tony’s lap again.
“It’s, uh, it’s a big oven,” Steve said like a perfectly normal person might. A perfectly normal person who was very warm all of a sudden and needed a glass of water, so that’s what he did.
Steve scratched at the back of his head, and looked anywhere but at Tony. It had been a long hundred and forty some-odd years. But Tony, unaware of Steve’s source of frustration, cleared his throat again.
“The dinner and a movie date is classic, boss. You really can’t go wrong,” she said after a while, and this time he looked back at her across the room with an expression that suggested he might believe her. “Tomorrow is Saturday. If you can’t bring him home tonight, invite him home tomorrow for a homemade dinner. Trust me, boss,” she hurried to say to Steve’s sudden look of alarm. “He’ll love it—it’s romantic in a way people can forget to be these days. You’ll stand out.”
seriously can’t wait for all the pictures!!! they’re both so fucking hot
His reaction was visible and immediate. A warm glow spread over his skin, first warming his cheeks and the back of his neck, then sweeping across his chest and abdomen. His tense posture under the blankets was forgotten, and his whole body relaxed in a short series of quiet, delighted laughter. He sunk down into the cushions then, pleasantly drowsy from the heady, relaxing effects of Steve’s come.
“It’s Saturday: make it a brunch! It doesn’t have to be extravagant, boss, just pancakes and eggs or something. Homemade potatoes? Just, make sure you get more of this juice,” she added, pouring out the last of the bottle into her glass. “This was excellent.”
“Happens every day,” the man muttered with a defeated sigh, but then seemed to regroup and give Steve a look of wry amusement. “So, what’s so special about this Sharon? Is your man not out of the closet or something?”
An arm slipped under and around Tony’s head, tenderly cradling his neck and cheek on Steve’s firm biceps as if in apology. Gently, Steve turned Tony’s head back so he could mouth at his lips, sucking and nipping at Tony’s bottom lip and his jawline with poorly restrained passion, as if Steve wanted to give Tony the chance to catch his breath, but he was unable to live a moment without the soft whimpers and moans that every bite and bruise from his lips inspired.
I will send you his details. Get him a job there, any job he wants.”
He needed an exit out of this conversation, and he needed it fast.
Steve had been on course for the bomb planted on the Millenium Bridge. He reached the bridge only in time to fire warning shots into the sky, shouting for people to run for solid ground when around him the world ceased to exist. A white light consumed him and all the sounds and sensations of life.
“The way you told Howard to go to the library for the morning paper…” Tony added, and Steve suddenly burst out laughing. His laughter quickly turned to moans of frustration, and he rubbed his face against Tony’s chest in a misguided effort to hide.
Bucky glanced at the first charts and thumbed through the written pages without much interest. “Do they know how old we are?”
“Do you live nearby, or should I call a Lyft?” Mr. Perfect asked, “or an ambulance?”
“You’re older now than you were two years ago. There’s a good chance you aged in the ice, too; our closest estimate is that you’re aging like any healthy guy in his early to mid thirties.”
that would get him out of his suit and tie and into the hot tub as soon as humanly possible. But it would be a lie, and Tony would never tell Steve he was too full to eat his home cooked dinner unless it was absolutely necessary.
“What of the young woman in the yellow dress?” he said, and both Tony and Bruce turned to see whom he meant. “The one laughing with her friends.”
Steve’s stomach gurgled so loudly it landed somewhere on the Richter scale. Tony stopped talking and they both looked down at his stomach as one.
Steve stared ahead into the dark night. It was a wonder, really, how Tony even knew where to go; the headlights illuminated the path a few yards ahead, but no more, and somehow Tony just knew how to find the turns and avoid the ditches through the night. There was no question he had driven on that road his whole life, long enough to do it now in the dark without missing a beat, and Steve struggled to reconcile his unwarranted envy for such a childhood with the luxury of a life without expectations. He could live his life without answering to anyone, without worrying about failing to live up to anybody else’s dreams.
Tony laughed so hard he wheezed as he came up for air, and smug as can be, Steve smirked to himself and took the drink out of his hand before Tony spilled it all over the couch.
“What the hell is that?” he muttered under his breath, indulging in deep breaths of the sweet, citrusy flavor warming the air.
She had returned to her desk after a meeting with Hill’s secretary when her personal phone started ringing. All she needed was more drama to deal with, but when she saw the name on the screen, she picked up the phone and ran into Steve’s office where she could shut the door behind her.
Romanov turned her hand over to reveal the shine of a knife. Her specialty.
“Our moms,” Steve said with a grin, gesturing at Bucky with his beer. “Aunt Jackie is Bucky’s mom.”
Steve smiled and shook his head. “Veterinarian, actually,” he said with a smile. “But after I learned about Mary Ellen McCormack and the SPCA, I got curious about law, so I ended up with a minor in government.”
? “Beyond words,” he finally settled on.  “I, I couldn’t be more excited for you, Tony. But why did you want to show it to me?”
Someone was coming.
But it was the way Steve couldn't get enough of him, and how he couldn't stop growling 'mine' softly under his breath in equal measures of disbelief and incredulity that left Tony determined to learn what other fantasies Steve had always been too afraid to try.
“Oh, what a peachy surprise! It appears Governor Alexander E. Pierce is attending a FiberOp conference as we speak. Conference room two down the hall.”
“No wedding band,” Bruce observed just as Tony threw back the last of his scotch to go do something about it. Thor and Bruce watched from afar as Tony walked around the bar in a rather unhurried approach, pausing near the group long enough to gauge a natural break in their conversation to slide in.
The customer ahead of him finished and wandered off. On impulse, Bucky grabbed the magazine and shoved everything at the cashier. The poor young man probably said something polite or reasonable, but Bucky tuned him out and rushed through the motions of paying for his shit and booking it back to his car.
“You don’t call your mother to tell her you got married on a drunken whim, but ‘don’t worry, he’s a great guy’ who insists on keeping it absolutely secret and divorcing you the first chance he gets.”
It was a robbery, it was so clearly a planned robbery, but there were only four of them. Steve launched himself at them. Even for baseline humans, it was too easy. Their faces were all covered in black cloth, and their protective clothing was no stronger - what they wore was already patchy and falling off their bodies. Scrappy as they were, it was laughably easy for Steve to hold them back with only elbows and knees.
By the time they were dropped off at the InterContinental, even Steve was dragging his feet. Each step became increasingly heavy and difficult to bear. He developed a mantra to remind himself of the luxurious treats that awaited him in his suite - a warm shower, a firm bed. Maybe even curtains to block out the sun so he could spend the four hours they had before the premiere doing something productive, like sleeping.
“So, what you’re saying is he can’t access credits until he learns to tear someone’s hand off,” Steve replied dryly, and gasps of horror and small grunts of nausea sounded from around the table.
Steve’s anger morphed into shock and more anger before Tony’s eyes. Still, he couldn’t help but stare. All at once he was reminded of how badly he’d missed Steve - missed how disheveled he could get when deep in a case; missed that special streak of (stubborn) defiance that fueled him through impossible cases no-one else believed in. It wasn’t Tony’s fault - Steve looked even sexier when he was pissed, with his clenching jaw and his biceps flexing in anticipation of a brawl.
Tony was nowhere in sight when Steve arrived at the little patisserie that Saturday morning. He let out his breath and relaxed his posture, shifting his weight to take pressure off his healing bruises in whatever time he had before Tony arrived.
“No, he cannot,” Steve said much too quickly, because as much as he’d like to tell himself he didn’t have opinions about his wedding day, there was no question he’d involve a horse.
“What if,” Steve said more slowly, wetting his lips as he imagined his wish coming true. “What if I wanted to kiss you?”
“What is this place?” Tony whispered, intentionally keeping his voice low in case he started shouting uncontrollably about how many times Steve had been there with Benedita.
“What is this, Steve’s first world tour?” Bucky glowered after Coulson finished explaining the proposed changes in their schedule. “It’s been three weeks, Phil. That’s long enough.”
than Harvard Law School. But what I personally I admire most about them is their continued commitment to their original goal to break class privilege and support artists exclusively based on merit. (I'd like to think canon Steve's biggest dream would've been to go there; not only could he do what he wanted, but he'd be no financial burden on his ma anymore with all their financial support!)
lives,” Steve reminded him, softly. He could feel the knot of tears hot and heavy in his throat, but he gritted his teeth against the tears and pushed through. If Tony wanted to talk, he was damn well going to give Steve some answers.
“I got the city reconnected to the power grid. They have power, they have heat. We already have more water than necessary for washing and for consumption. Resources are well met, and the citizens of Lumine have been… Steve, they are bringing food,” Tony said with a tremble in his voice, but this time he spoke with a smile, moved to tears with relief and gladness. “They will not stop bringing food, and books, and blankets. Families are visiting survivors, but those who have no families are being visited by locals. I want to stay,” Tony told him, before Steve had even had a chance to argue that they retire somewhere to rest and recover before rejoining the recovery efforts in the morning. “The people showed me something I did not know. The locals are making survivors feel less alone. They sit and speak with strangers about their families, their loved ones, and it is helping them. It is the least I can do.”
“You didn’t have to do this, you know,” Steve said quietly. “There were plenty of people who could have taken me home.”
His Tony, who wasn’t afraid of anything, except hurting Steve.
A gentle knock on his balcony door caught Steve off guard, and when he turned to see what it was, he found his dad standing on the balcony with a small CVS bag and a concerned expression. Steve watched him from the hallway and didn’t immediately let him in, giving his overbearing dad enough time out in the cold so he’d know how welcome his style of (literal) helicopter parenting really was.
Two days later, Tony and Clint were released back in Tony’s swamp in advance of Stephanie’s ceremony with Chief Talia.
was Steve’s home? He wanted to live in Tony’s laugh, in Tony’s wild imagination, in Tony’s optimism and dreams for the future to his last breath.
“They’re both great at what they do,” Steve agreed diplomatically. Then, remembering what Tony had said earlier, he said, “In this though, Danny Devito really stands out.”
“And then what?”
“I leave you alone one day, one date, and you get kidnapped. Scared the shit out of me... how do you feel?” Tony asked with a worried expression that made Steve ache for him.
. Tony couldn’t believe he’d had his hands all over Steve only minutes ago, and, Lord help him, he was about to have his way with this man again.
“You know, I was thinking,” Steve said, ever so casually. “Maybe we could let that be enough econ for the day? Maybe… we could go see a movie?”
,” he told them, doing his best to sound like an adult whose heart hadn't just broken over a puppy’s hurt feelings.
“When,” Steve murmured unevenly, too distracted by Tony’s soft lips. “When, in court?”
“It’s not as nice as your place, and the bed isn’t as big,” Steve continued with a smile. “But it’s safe, and you won’t be alone. I know Kline is in custody, but I still… it would be good to know you’re not alone.”
It could be nothing, but if Tony was a betting man, he’d never bet against Natasha’s instincts. If it caught her attention, it was as good as a red flag for him. “Send me his details, I’ll run it through flight records. Won’t take five minutes.”
. He could feel Tony moving around him, whispering words of affection and praise as he worked on releasing Steve from his bonds. It began with the scrape and slide of all candles pushed aside, and the soft sizzle Steve heard as their flames were pinched out. The whole process barely took a minute, Tony was never out of reach, and still Steve found such relief and comfort in Tony’s touch when he returned.
Tony, on the other hand, was too shaken to deal with people. He needed silence, and he needed time to think. So he hoisted his work for the day onto Pepper, rescheduled everything that he couldn’t give to her, then made himself comfortable on the couch with a couple of blankets, a bottle of wine, and a stack of research journals he’d been meaning to read.
Still hesitant to believe anything of what Steve was telling him, Tony frowned in thought. He remembered his dreams, the ones where Steve came to him night after night, like some angel of sexual deliverance. Curious despite himself to see what Steve might be offering, Tony asked him to prove it. So Steve swept the blankets off his naked body and laid back against the firm cushions in the nest. With his eyes on his pet, Steve closed his fist around his own soft cock, and with the fast and firm grip that always did the trick, he quickly worked himself to a full hardness.
The truck came to an immediate, screeching stop. Steve’s heart had stopped beating the moment he’d seen Dummy stumble forward, and he almost broke the car door in his hurry to climb out.
A whole attack just for food and water?
Thor and Yinsen looked as surprised as the rest of the staff to hear Tony speak up. Tony arched an eyebrow at the dry, questioning looks he was being given, and valiantly continued.
“I can’t do this with you again, Tony,” Steve still managed to say, keeping his tone gentle. “You didn’t trust me. You weren’t honest. I asked you, Tony, so many times. I asked you to tell me what was wrong; I knew something was wrong, and you denied it. To my face. You told me it was your defense, or Dum-E. You lied to me because you decided I couldn’t help you,” Steve finished, pulling all of his frustrations into one sentence. “You didn’t even give me a chance.”
“Right?” Bucky agreed, then added a deadpan, “that’s the smell of 65 dollars.”
“I didn’t read them, it just started flashing on the table and I noticed,” Tony started to say, and he was on his way back with Steve’s phone in hand when the lock screen lit up and all the messages were on display again.
Steve blinked and stared. “Blow him
“Your eyes have not yet adjusted to the light, Captain Steven G. Rogers,” Tony informed him even as Steve tugged weakly with the fabric. Failing to uncover his eyes, the Captain closed his trembling fingers around Tony’s wrist with alarming strength for a man so recently released from Cryo.
“One last date,” Tony mumbled unintelligibly behind his hands, then finally dropped his hands in defeat and took a deep, steadying breath. “Fuck. It’s—I’ve got him on the ropes, I’m so close I can taste it.”
Tony had been guessing all week what this surprise was, but his closest guess was that Steve would be wearing his dress uniform to their date. Steve had told him he wasn’t wrong, but that it was a private surprise. So instead of a romantic, Thursday night Valentine’s Day dinner, they planned on a Friday night dinner and a Thursday together in what they had come to call their suite.
“Mine, Tony, you’re
Across from him, Steve’s facade of relaxed composure began to slip. He wet his lips and did his utmost to press them together. He hadn’t faced the question in public yet - and certainly not in front of cameras and a live studio audience.
“You are rich,” Steve still mumbled incoherently. He couldn’t stop staring at the far left side of the living room where the wall pushed out into a point like the bow of a ship, creating a tucked-away, triangular alcove where a large mahogany table was flanked on all sides by plush leather chairs. It was dark, imposing, and polished to a shine. It looked like money.
“I’m his mother,” she said matter of factly. “My first son’s getting married? He’s not doing that in some dirty old city like New York: he’s doing it here, with family. His friends are here; if he wants to ride Dummy down the aisle he can.”
Steve grinned, bright enough to warm Tony down to his bones. “Tony, that’s the best idea I’ve heard all day.”
“You’re not attractive to me,” Steve told her with a snarl, and he squeezed Tony’s hand so Tony wouldn’t leave him with her. “I don’t like you.”
“Hipster parents,” Sharon sighed to herself before continuing. “Apparently he only owns plaid flannel, and he has a date with a Harvard super genius so they’ve called an emergency Superbro Caucus—”
“I have to go, Tony. Saturday, eleven o’clock?”
“What’s the matter, sir?” Tony asked, trying to ignore the gnawing fear that he’d only do more harm than good by startling the survivors he visited.
Steve didn’t give two shits about what the computer was doing. He lunged for Tony who only managed to turn off the monitor before Steve dragged him behind the relative cover of a bas relief on a large granite stand. Why weren’t they hiding in the stairwell? There was no way security guards would run ten floors just to secure the office, he and Steve could have gotten away then come back for the drive.
Sure, Tony was infuriating, stubborn, and borderline compulsive in his spending habits. There was a chance Steve had taken a few too many to the head, or maybe Stockholm’s Syndrome was more endemic than he once thought, but Steve didn’t love Tony despite those flaws - those flaws were part of his charm.
, which he’d worked on for nearly two months and basically was his secret lovechild with Superman. “It’s just my,”
Bucky stepped into the apartment even though he wanted to leave. Whatever he said next, he knew his biggest problem would be keeping Steve from doing something reckless.
He stared at his screen with unseeing eyes as Sam’s words sunk in. He spun on his heels to glare back, livid. “Did Bond lose my fucking car?”
Steve shook his head and he sucked down an unsteady breath, covering his face with both hands; he was still hoarse and breathless when he husked out, “It’s quiet, Tony. It’s all so quiet.”
It was so clearly playful and Steve had no doubt Tony would find a way to give Steve his space to rest any second, but rest was the last thing he wanted. Before Tony had a chance to move away, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony in a loose embrace. He cupped Tony’s neck at first, giving him a gentle squeeze, then slowly started carding his fingers through Tony’s hair. With time, Tony relaxed into a happy human blanket keeping Steve’s body warm.
If Tony still felt shame in Steve’s presence, he’d be in trouble. But Steve’s entire world had narrowed down to making Tony come in his mouth, and he was a determined, stubborn man who would not be denied. Tony tried to hold out as long he could, but he was left panting with his sweat tickling down his spine and warming the small of his back—soon, all he could do was bite into one fist while he clutched at Steve’s hair with the other, urging his face down as his hips thrust up wildly as he came down Steve’s throat, filling him with gushes of his come.
. “You’re an investigative journalist, Steve. Do you honestly think it’s something that innocent? He is
Tony stared back at him like a fish out of water. How uncivilized had the 21st been to not use the three seashells?
It wasn’t a threat Steve would ever follow through with, but Tony heard him all the same. Taking a bath together had been his idea, after all, and the least he could do was to not make Steve’s puzzle any tougher than it already was. He reached for Steve’s left hand and brought it to his lips for a grateful, adoring kiss.
“I—I’m, yeah; I’m okay,” he lied with a forced, wobbly smile.
“I could make you regret that.”
“Tony?”
“I don’t know,” Bruce said with a small frown, and it was his turn to huddle into his drink as if he could hide in it. “I don’t like the pressure… no, I don’t—I don’t like that.”
Tony was balancing two boxes of large pizzas in one hand, and two padded carrier bags in the other. Without thinking, Steve rushed to take the bags from him and urged Tony to follow him in.
Tony scoffed quietly to himself, but he looked away before the color in his cheeks became too obvious. “How dare you,” he muttered under his breath, lifting their joined hands to kiss the back of Steve’s wrist.
“I thought I’d find you here.”
