Sherlock held his gaze for a moment, mouth turned down, brow furrowed. Then he chuckled. The chuckle gave way to a full laugh, one that he clearly tried and failed to stifle. His shoulders shook.
John's coat was wet, though it had not soaked all the way through. Sherlock peeled it off, threw it aside. Rosie was tucked against his chest in a sling, wrapped up warm in her own thick winter attire. Her cheeks were flushing up red as she made her displeasure known.
Children were naturally curious. Sherlock had always appreciated that about them. And Rosie had, in her mind, been handed a gift-wrapped mystery crafted just for her. She'd voraciously pursued information, had jealously hoarded what she'd learned. Upon deducing there was more to the story than the heavily sanitised version she'd been told as a small child, she'd been
"All right, all right! Fine." John opened the box, held it out. "Happy?"
"Didn't seem odd to you, a French waiter at an Italian restaurant?"
Mary's persistent questions. He hadn't answered her. He'd ignored the issue and he'd ignored her until they'd both gone away.
"There will be opportunities for fieldwork, of course," Mycroft conceded. "An occasional necessity. But it will not be her primary function."
A light breeze rustled the grass. The charred bones of the house creaked and moaned, a haunted sound.
He did not flick on the lights. The dim glow from the hallway was enough to see by.
"And then?"
John craned his neck, found the coat and jacket on the ground, tossed aside. A hasty, careless pile. Not at all the way Sherlock normally treated his clothes. John stared. Sherlock's gloves were slumped lifelessly by the door. They were torn, dark and wet at the edges of the frayed leather.
John said nothing. He stood staring, and staring, and staring. His hand clenched white on the doorframe.
He opened his eyes. She had crossed the small room to stand near to him, close enough to touch. He lifted his hand, brought it towards her face. Cupped his palm where her cheek would be, pretended he could feel her skin.
John sighed, shut his eyes. Kept his hand where it was.
It seemed strange, to be comforted over something he could not remember.
"I should—" John had said, had glanced up. There was a twinge of regret on his face. "Rosie."
Todd struggles again, but it is a halfhearted effort. John clears his throat. Sherlock thinks the sound seems rather pointed.
"I really couldn't," John said.
He should not feel welcomed here. He should not feel comfortable.
"What?"
The voice that responded was not Mrs Hudson's.
"I'm sorry!" Sarah lifted her hand, pinched the bridge of her nose with her index finger and thumb. She looked very unhappy, now, and more than a bit embarrassed. "I thought you felt the same way. We didn't get on at all! It was—well, it was all a bit of a slog, wasn't it?"
This wasn't—it wasn't like before.
"I'll save you the trouble of asking," Sherlock says. "John is widowed. He's partial to Italian, insipid action films, and already has childcare secured for the evening."
The stairs were rotted and ramshackle, sagging and swaying. John looked at them, could imagine rusted nails pulling away from wet wood.
Silence.
"Um," Sherlock says.
Sherlock hesitated, then nodded, once, briskly. He brought up his own hand to cover John's where it pressed, his fingers chilled and damp. He squeezed, once, a silent thanks.
"Just in case you feel like coffee later," she said. She smiled again, and then turned around without waiting for him to respond.
John pressed his lips together, nodded. "That sort of thing is usually frowned upon, yeah."
"Yes, fine," Sherlock said.
"No, I—" John stops, shakes his head. He crumples the crisp bag in his fist, smooths it back out against his thigh. "You're trying to spare me, aren't you? That's what all this is about?"
Rosie rolled the ball back to him, giggled and clapped her hands when he picked it up.
He was wrong, of course, but Sherlock opted not to point it out.
John had watched him, tried to see whatever it was that Sherlock saw when he looked at people. He looked for traces of buried resentment, suppressed anger, disdain. He saw nothing. Sherlock went about his tasks and kept things neat and he did it without complaint and it
"I'd seen him before. Right after he died."
"John," she said. She did not look particularly happy to see him.
"Sherlock, I need to go to sleep."
John thought about Mary, how angry he'd been at her, how it had festered in him even as he'd forgiven her, as he'd embraced her. How he'd wished, in dark private moments, that he'd never learned the truth about her, that he could have gone on pretending. How he'd sometimes wanted to hurt her the way she'd hurt him, how badly he'd wanted to cultivate his own secrets.
"Why would you be stepping on John's toes?" Sherlock's voice had sharpened, the lazy boredom falling away.
The way he hadn't even bothered trying to contact John again.
and it was dangerous to think that way, far too dangerous, and so he opened his eyes.
Silence stretched for a long moment. He was aware of the sound of his brother breathing. He wondered what he would get—censure or pity.
John came frequently, sat by his bedside with a newspaper or book. He did not always speak, though occasionally Sherlock felt his eyes on him.
"Bloody annoying, actually," Lestrade said.
"I have to go, Harry," he said. His voice emerged rougher than he'd have liked. "I need to buy milk."
"You've had too much to drink," she said. "It's interfering with your sleep."
This might not have been so terrible, had she not also set her profile photo to a picture of Sherlock, circa age twelve, frowning thunderously at the camera. A large swath of his hair was missing, just over his right eye.
"You are describing yourself, not Rosamund. She's to graduate with the highest honours. The world expects great things of her."
There was a sheet of paper—slightly crumpled now—resting on the well-worn leather.
"Not bad, Watson," he told her, looking at the cars. He reached out, tapped his finger on the top of one which was lying on its side. "Though if you're going for realism, an accident where the car is struck from this direction would actually result in something more like this." He picked up the car, carefully set it on its other side.
John sighed, turned around to face him. Sherlock's hand dropped from his shoulder.
John thought he might be starting to get a clearer picture of how such a thing was possible.
"Send your own bloody text," she says.
As if he felt John's gaze, Pete lifted his head. There was something uncomfortably close to pity on his face as he looked from John to Sherlock and back again.
Her words surprised him. She often surprised him.
"Said that already," John murmurs.
He grew bored of the heat packs and the warm towels and the oxygen quite quickly. Sat staring at the beeping monitors, watched his own heart rate.
Mycroft did not respond. His expression gave nothing away.
"He had a thousand threads, yes. And he knew how they danced. But he's dead, Sherlock. He knows nothing, not anymore."
Sherlock is fairly sure that John would not like to hear that thought verbalised, and so he keeps it to himself. It is, he thinks, not surprising. He is many things, but comforting has never been one of them.
"It doesn't make sense," Sherlock says, finally.
Sherlock wants so badly to leave.
Except—Redbeard was later, wasn't he? Or—
Sherlock had taken the box up to John's room, had looked at the tiny cot squeezed under the window next to the bed, and wondered how he'd ever thought that this could work.
John startled, dragged his gaze away from Sherlock to Jeanette.
The last time he'd looked at Sherlock in a hospital bed, he'd been the one to put him there.
he thinks again, guilty, sick with it. Except that is not quite right. He has not murdered Mary Morstan.
The John Watson he'd been before he'd taken a bullet to the shoulder, before he'd woken up in a hospital bed stripped of everything and everyone who had ever been important to him,
"We'd like to get home."
"You knew how to open it the whole time?"
"Greg," she said. She smiled, looked down at the ring again.
His voice echoed in the empty hallway. He was aware, suddenly, that he was very much alone.
There had been John, red-faced and furious and shocked all at once, adrift amidst a sea of ceramic shards.
"I'm Dr Love," he said, putting extra emphasis on the word
It wasn't his life anymore. Would never be his life again.
Mrs Hudson had said.
John shut his eyes for a moment, forced himself to focus. "So their partners weren't unhappy. So what? What does that tell us that we didn't already know?"
"Endeavoring not to."
Bile burned hot at the back of his throat.
"Don't—" she said, but he ignored her and whipped back the sheet.
Jim yanked at the bag again.
Robert, the bereaved husband of Winston Crane, had accepted the friend request.
The well rose up out of the grass, the rough grey stone kept in good nick. It, like everything else on the McCarthy property, seemed well-maintained and cared for.
John turned away, closed his suitcase with more force than strictly necessary. "We should get going. Catch that next train back to London, yeah?"
The shot had gone wild. It hadn't—John hadn't—
There was nothing he could do.
He did not finish his sentence. He swallowed, looked down, his Adam's apple bobbing.
"All right," he said.
He paced. He seethed. He ran through possibility after possibility in his mind. He watched John watching him out of the corner of his eye, bristled under the scrutiny.
The staff at the surgery were meeting for New Year's drinks.
"If one uses an incredibly loose definition of
"Oh, that," Sherlock said, the furrow in his brow smoothing out. "Handy thing to have held onto, don't you think?"
"No," Sherlock said, sitting up, the duvet dragging across his frame. The whisper of fabric seemed overloud to John. The bedspring creaked. "I am almost certain that I do not
He thought, inexplicably, of Kirsty Stapleton and her lost rabbit.
When the window and its view of Baker Street below had grown stale, he'd gone rummaging through the flat, overturning boxes, kicking up clouds of dust and paging absently through books he'd not looked at in years. He'd discovered two cigarettes (stale, slightly crushed) tucked away in a teacup in the back of a kitchen cabinet, and had smoked them one right after another, perched nervously at the edge of his chair. He'd stood. He'd paced. The floorboards had creaked relentlessly underfoot.
"Thank you," John said. He hesitated a moment longer before shutting the door and stepping back.
He went up the steps, picked the lock and let himself in, leaned his back against the door and breathed in the stale, musty hallway air.
Snowflakes were settling on his face, in his eyes, his open gasping mouth. Frigid, dirty riverwater in his ears, his nose. He tried to kick his legs. Could not feel them.
He thinks about Sherlock at the inn in Grimpen Village, trembling and sweating and spitting angry words by the fire. He thinks of the clumsy but earnest apology that followed after.
He turned off the water. Toweled himself off. Dressed quickly and slung his laptop bag over his shoulder. He thought of Jim from IT with his flat eyes and uncomfortable smile.
"We're getting married tomorrow."
John sniffed, shook his head. His next words emerged as a harsh whisper. "And it wasn't yours."
Sherlock shrugged. There was a weary sort of resignation in the gesture. "Who knows?"
Sherlock matched his smile and shrugged, conceding the point. He was warm. Warmer than he'd felt in ages.
"Oh. That's—" John stopped. Did not seem to know what to say.
"Well, you might have your monographs and your analyses," John said. "But I tend to rely on what my eyes tell me. So. What do you say?"
John had looked at Sherlock, at that smile. His hand had started to shake, badly. The sight of Sherlock in that hospital bed had twisted something in his chest. Hot shame had flooded his face, something cold and dark had settled in the pit of his stomach.
Well. Fooled. He would have been fooled.
"Yes?"
Sherlock looked down at the ground, pulled his thoughts back to the here and now. "She's not thirteen any longer." He could no longer reasonably predict what she'd do in any given situation. It alarmed him that she'd somehow passed beyond his ability to read, that she'd learned his methods so well as to turn them against him.
They set off at a slow walk. John lets himself fall a stride behind and watches them, Sherlock and Rosie, as they move side by side. She steals glances, he notes, and when Sherlock reaches to flip up the collar of his coat, she mimics the motion with her own.
The back rooms, of course. Where John put on his suit jacket and donned his hat, where he'd stood staring at himself in the mirror and carefully avoiding meeting Sherlock's eye.
She opened her mouth, shut it again. Did not speak.
I can't—it's all very close to the surface. Right now. I am trying. But I can't—" he made a helpless gesture with his hands, those scraped and damaged hands, and let them drop to his sides.
John pressed his lips together, looked down at the ground. It was still there, still solid, even though the room seemed to have abruptly tilted around him. "Honeymoon?" He swallowed, lifted his head, looked briefly at Sherlock. "Sex holiday, he calls it."
"Oh?" Sherlock had said, bored as ever, tapping away at something on his laptop.
The rummaging sounds stopped.
He goes across the field to meet her, catches her by the forearms. "Who's hurt? What's happened?"
There amidst Janine's chattering bridesmaids, watching Sherlock furrow his brow and study fabric swatches, watching him smile and simper and flirt, John thought it a remarkably apt colour choice. Because he felt quite sick to his stomach, he feared the source of said sickness might very well be jealousy, and he had absolutely no idea at all what to do about it.
He's deleted her.
"Ragwort," he'd announced, his expression at once bored and smug "It's a weed. Not common to bouquets. A bane to those who suffer from seasonal allergies—and I'd wager that the unfortunate Mr Teller did, indeed, have a severe reaction to the plant's pollen." He'd made a wide, sweeping gesture towards the corpse on the ground. "John?"
"TELL ME!" Sherlock shouted, and his voice echoed through the quiet streets. He looked down at the ground, suddenly exhausted beyond measure.
He'd driven it back to Baker Street, had travelled slowly, cautiously, as if to make up for his frenzied, harried driving only hours before. His hands shook where they gripped the wheel.
This is for
"Look," John said, softening his voice. "Why don't we try this again, yeah?"
One of the horses lets out a distressed neigh. The dog begins to bark again.
The ditch deepens, curving into the field, guiding them straight into the heart of the storm.
"And as
John wanted to get him back to that life. To all of it. Even if it meant never seeing him again.
And then he was backed against the wall, and they were still kissing, and he thought he ought to breathe but breathing was boring, terribly boring, and then John's hand was in his trousers, cool palm and calloused fingers a shock against his heated skin.
"I'm sure he's busy," he said.
John rubbed at his eyes, leaned against the doorframe. Looked at the glass. "Is that for me?"
You've been waiting for the right case. This could be that case."
"Does, uh—" Pete paused, ducked his head so that they were eye-to-eye. He smiled, bit his lip. "Does everyone also mention that you're quite fit? In person?"
She blushed a bit, looked down at the table.
He'd hated it. He'd despaired of it. But he'd not questioned it.
"I can try," John said.
His teeth chattered and he struggled for another breath. His chest hurt. His hair clung, wet and cold, to his skull.
Prompted by
"So he scared off the other students to . . . what, get in a bit of extra practice?"
He considered that. Opened his eyes. John was standing very close, his expression warm and concerned. He felt some of the tension go out of his shoulders.
"What guarantee do I have that you'll stop this?" Mycroft asked. He spoke slowly, his voice low and resigned.
They are face-to-face, much too close in the narrow hallway.
"I have an itchy rash on my arms," a woman told him, scratching madly.
He thought about angles and trajectories and where he'd been standing when his chest had caught fire. The terrifying coiled competence held in the line of her shoulders, the curve of her back.
"She shot me," John said. She had been holding a gun. A real gun. Of that, he was certain.
"Jesus, Sherlock, I didn't even—" he breathed out, hard. "Give me some warning next time, yeah?"
call me, then."
John thinks it's just allergies. Sherlock thinks he's wrong.
Sherlock could keep him, could go on pretending that everything is fine. He has what he wants, after all. Well, near enough.
"Oh for—" John rolled towards Sherlock and took his face in his hands, kissed him hard, once, and then pulled back to look him in the eye. "
"Sherlock?"
At the sound of that voice, Sherlock freezes.
After a moment, Sherlock took a tentative step forward. He sat down at the table, facing John. He was conscious of everything—the squeak of the chair on the lino, the slow drip from the faucet pattering into the sink. The sound of his own breathing.
position yourself in my brother's good graces. The disgraced assassin, returning to foil a dastardly inside scheme, earning both forgiveness and gratitude. Has rather a nice ring to it, don't you think?"
"I try not to burden myself with unnecessary details."
you," she says. "What are you doing here?"
"Is that him?" he asked.
"All right, Jim from IT," John said. "I'll ask again. What are you doing in my office?"
"Bet you'd have loved this as a child," he says.
"That explains the haunting," John says. "It doesn't explain. Well. Any of this."
John's phone screen had gone dark. He'd been staring. He looked away, quickly. Woke up his phone and resumed scrolling absently through Alice's feed.
"Shit," the first man says, and bolts.
Jim shut his eyes, breathed in deeply. "Intricate. And if you know it well enough, you can feel
She knew how to disappear in London. He'd made sure of it.
"Oh, but you can speculate about everything else," John snapped. "Every other person under the bloody sun—their life is an open book to you. But not—not—"
Sherlock who had made a vow and had, inexplicably, failed to uphold it.
He hesitated, turned, leaned back in.
Janine was dressed casually in dark trousers and a soft cardigan. She'd done her makeup, and her hair fell around her face in appealing waves. She had clearly been awake for some time, putting herself together.
The phone buzzed again.
"Yes," John nods. "I did a lot of thinking, on the way. And when I got to the house, MI6 was already there." He cracks a humorless smile. "And none of them exactly looked like James Bond, by the way—"
Sherlock looked expectantly at John, who sighed and climbed in after her. Sherlock followed him, taking up altogether too much space with all of his—all of his great sprawling limbs.
John looked at him, said nothing. His face was difficult to read.
Sherlock sat and watched him go. He looked down at his mug, at his own folded hands. There was a lump in his throat, and he found it suddenly rather difficult to draw breath.
"Sugar?" Lestrade stooped to retrieve the baggie, frowned doubtfully at it. Put it in his pocket.
The cottage was simple but spacious. A large open sitting room with a fireplace and the big window that looked out over the garden. There was a small kitchen and a bathroom, and upstairs, three small bedrooms and a second bathroom.
"No, I—" Sherlock sighed, frustrated.
There'd been no sense in his mentioning any of that. It would only bring down the mood. And he'd been having a lovely time, truly.
"I was—" Sherlock had paused, looked at John's face, the weary worried pallor of it. He'd felt caught out, unwelcome, an interloper intruding on John's quiet moment with his daughter. His words seemed inadequate, clumsy.
"Hello Molly," he said cautiously, eyeing her, searching for some explanation. "Have you—come to examine the body?"
Sherlock is warm and solid and his nose is cold but his lips are soft, at once eager and tentative. He kisses like he doesn't quite know what to do with himself, his hands curled tight around John's upper arms, holding him in place.
Sherlock did not respond.
The night felt alive in a way it had not in years.
way to break the news that one's spouse was having an affair and had mixed up the gifts intended for his wife and paramour, but Sherlock had done it in a way that was startlingly compassionate, regardless.
and originally posted
he thought but did not say.
John puts a mug of tea down on the table in front of him. Puts his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, warm through the fabric of his dress shirt.
He'd missed this. All of it. He'd missed Sherlock terribly. He'd never known anyone on earth quite like him. They just—they just fit.
"Who are you?" she demanded.
John huffed out a breath through his nose. "Did you really work a full shift?"
He smiled, a painful and angry twist of his lips, looked up at the ceiling. "You really want to do this?"
He was not alone. Standing next to him was Anderson.
He put a gloved hand against the glass. His heart pounded against his ribs. He thought about opening the door, about stepping inside. Thought about saying
"The video isn't up yet," she says. "
"I am—" he hesitated before continuing, "—sorry."
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. "Most clients do."
"Are you—erm—going to be dead for long, then?" John asked, when the silence had stretched on for too long.
They stayed that way for some time, silence between them. Sherlock breathed, looked down at the table. John's hand circled, circled, circled, rubbed and smoothed over the wrinkles in his shirt. There was an uncertain quality to John's breaths, and Sherlock wondered what expression he'd find if he turned around to look at his face.
He was overreacting. He knew he was overreacting.
"Your demeanor is frequently described as abrupt, unhelpful and lacking warmth."
"Not sure how much help I'll be," John says. He seems grateful for the distraction. He taps his leg with the cane, grimaces. "But thought I'd offer."
He was also, quite unmistakably, the man from the plane.
Rosie cooed and babbled and tried to chew on his shirt collar. He shut his eyes and rocked his daughter to the music and tried not to think of Sherlock, of that wide genuine smile. Sherlock had shut his eyes and John had fled, had gone striding off down the corridor like a coward. He did not want to think about what had happened to that smile when Sherlock had opened his eyes to find him gone.
It had been a good night.
"After I what?"
He hadn't even been a part of their investigation, really. He hadn't been on the list of vendors they'd approached, hadn't had anything at all to do with the other weddings in an official capacity. They'd encountered him entirely by chance.
John got to his feet, joined him where he'd stopped by the window, looking out over Baker Street. Put one hand on his arm.
"Not a mugging. Nothing's been stolen—those sneakers cost a hundred quid at least and they've not been touched. He's still wearing his watch."
"Did he."
"Oh," Sherlock said, after much too much time had passed. His voice sounded faint to his own ears. "Well. That sounds boring. No need for all that."
John smiles a bit, but it does not reach his eyes. "Yeah? How'd he manage that?"
Originally posted
Sherlock shrugs. Looks at him. "I suspect a combination of failing grades, substance abuse, and poor impulse control."
He usually ignored it, the way he usually ignored his own birthday.
"I worry about you."
"Won't happen again," he said.
"Right. Well. We're gathered here today to celebrate the union of Sherlock Holmes and Janine Hawkins in holy matrimony. Or whatever."
"Kitchen?" John asked, finally. "Did you pay for a new kitchen?"
surprises."
"Shut up," Sherlock hisses into his ear. "If you cause a scene, someone will see me. I'm not supposed to be here."
"Thank you," Rosie says obediently, her eyes never once leaving the dog.
"John—" Sherlock said.
of four walls and a roof.
There was no sign of Sherlock, so he accepted a little table by the window, ordered a bottle of wine. Waited.
"You're sure?" John asked. "Absolutely sure? It's not just London, you know. It's the cases. The clients."
He got dressed without meeting his own gaze in the mirror. Went to pick up his daughter.
The grin had split Sherlock's face much like the lightning had split the sky, and he'd stepped on the gas.
He'd never known anyone who composed music.
"Is everything—" John breathed, and then laughed. It was not a happy sound. "No. Everything is not bloody
"Wrong answer," Sherlock said, unamused. "Try again."
Sherlock frowns. "Not a particularly romantic setting."
He'd said too much. There was no denying it, no getting around it. He'd been drunk, and comfortable, and all of the things he'd been so very good at keeping buried had come bubbling right up to the surface. He supposed he ought to consider himself lucky that it hadn't been worse.
"Awful!"
"Great," John said, and clapped his hands together. "That's very helpful—er—I'll be sure to give you a call if anything comes up."
"Why can't you?"
"Ah," Mycroft nodded gravely. "Well. Pity you won't be using it."
get people talking, yeah?" he'd said, and had laughed again, had shaken his head, had walked on past like his limbs weren't trembling, like his heart wasn't pounding. Like the thought had not just crossed his mind, ever briefly, of what it might be like to take Sherlock into his arms.
He turned away from the mirror, went down the hall into his bedroom. He did not bother to turn on the light. He undressed in darkness, slipped beneath the covers.
Sherlock had thought about telling her about all of the damage that bullets could do, about physics and trajectories and the difference between entry and exit wounds. Thought about the way Mary had died, the front of her shirt blooming dark with blood while fish swam in dispassionate circles behind thick glass. He'd give anything, he knew, to keep Rosie from ever knowing that kind of pain.
"What do you mean?" Sherlock asks, distracted by the sight of him, so near and yet still so impossibly far. There are so many things he wants, so many things he can never have, and it is easier when he stays busy enough that he never has to think of those things at all.
"It's a prank," he cuts in, unable to bear any more.
"Yeah, well, you're always telling me that most people are idiots. So."
John thought again about the damp carpet beneath Rosie's window. Had he been careless? Left it open? He'd never willingly endanger her, but perhaps—
John blinks at him. He looks a bit like a cornered animal, tensed and hunched and poised to fight or flee. He is silent for a long time, long enough that Sherlock's chest goes cold and his palms go clammy.
Sherlock looks at him, as if surprised to hear him speak at all. "Now you take Silver Blaze back to King's Pyland. Tell everyone you found him roaming the moors. You'll be the hero of the hour."
He turned back. "Well, I wasn't about to shoot
"Right," Mary says, taking a half step back. She looks at Sherlock for a moment, then nods, an unhappy, decisive little thing. "Well. Then go on. Don't let him win." She offers a small smile. "Besides, I've held a grudge against those
He'd done extensive research, of course, after Mary's comment. He knew a good deal about the man (It was only prudent, after all—as Best Man he should be familiar with John's guests). But none of his research would explain why the man seemed dead set on making a scene.
Sherlock had ignored him, because that's what Sherlock did—he'd ignored everything Moriarty said until Moriarty said something
"Yes, of course," Walsingham said. "You don't cancel a wedding because the bride's dropped her flowers, do you? She sorted herself out and we got on with it."
Sherlock follows John to Tesco.
And just as they'd been about to part, Mycroft had put out his hand, fingers brushing against Sherlock's coat sleeve.
At nine o'clock, Sherlock had to admit to himself that it was very likely John was not coming home.
John groaned, turned back to Sherlock. "No."
"You think there's something down there," John said. He blew out a breath, did not release Sherlock's arm. When he spoke again, his voice was resigned. "You think there's
Except—
There would always be
The patient information was garbled, strings of illegible text. It happened, sometimes, he supposed. The perils of modern technology.
"I won't ask again," he said.
The nurse who wasn't a nurse. Hard eyes, coiled competence, surprising candor. Swiping the spider down from the ceiling, crushing it under her heel.
"John," Janine said, standing up. "Hi." She came towards him, hesitated for a moment before closing the distance.
He made sure to close the door quietly.
"There is nothing
He opened up John's email account, scrolled through the messages. There were a handful of exchanges with someone named Rahid, arranging scheduled shifts. The messages were professional, politely worded, entirely impersonal. They told him nothing.
A message notification chimed immediately.
"Your parents," he said, finally. "Do they know? That this—" he waved his hand helplessly in the air, "—is all an act?"
Now he allowed himself a moment to appreciate it—the narrow spiral staircases that climbed upwards, the pathways that led visitors past a rich and eclectic collection of the strange, the interesting and the macabre.
(See the end of the chapter for
John frowned, thrown.
A trial run, Sherlock thinks, ignoring the phantom pain that knifes through his chest. He will nudge John in her direction and observe the results. An experiment. For John.
He lifts his head, meets Sherlock's gaze. Holds it, even and steady. "She's lost her husband. She's grieving, and now she's—well, now she's got to come to terms with the fact that he wasn't the person she thought she knew at all."
So he worries. And he ruminates. And he wonders what he will do if Sherlock ever finds someone other than John to keep him company.
"What—"
Sherlock was still frowning at him. "Richard?"
"I hurt you," John said.
There are texts. Several of them. He scrolls through them. They are all from someone called John. The time stamps on the messages span nearly an hour.
But he has been turning corners since Sherlock died. New flat—turning a corner. New job—turning a corner. The start of each promising but unfulfilling date—turning a corner. It has been nothing but corners. Somehow he keeps finding himself back where he started.
He does not want to explain. He is tired, he is cold and trembling and covered in blood that is not his own.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. He was unsure what he saw in Mycroft's face. It was unsettling, not to be able to read him.
"No, no," he said. "Don't do that."
"I brought takeaway," John says. He closes the book, tucks it under his arm.
"Forget the boyfriend. It wasn't the boyfriend. This is who you want."
He'd gone out into the night, had looked up at the stars, had thought of Sherlock looking up at them too. Had wished, at the time, that Sherlock was somewhere where he could see the sky.
The corner of Sherlock's mouth twitched, threatened to become a smile. He ruthlessly forced it into submission.
John wants very badly to hit him. He does not think he can get his legs under him. Instead he lets his head thump back against the stall door, stares up at the ceiling.
"I'm sorry. I've got to go," he said. He went back to the door and back out onto the street, icy winter air buffeting his face.
As if John was hers to claim
“Who’s Mike?”
She sighed and lowered the file, draping an arm over her eyes
“What? No! That’s not what I meant”
He figured that out on his own, from the very first week they spent as flatmates, he knew she couldn’t get on with people, even displaying complete lack of effort, it wasn’t that she didn’t bother to try, it was she didn’t know how to go about it, so instead, she lashed out, and pretended she didn’t care for the world and others around her.
“Quite” she smiled, her fingers moving to his jaw, tracing and tilting his face towards hers with gentle pressure “though I find myself unable to contain the desire when I’m with you. It’s rather ridiculous the kind of libido I’ve developed, I almost feel sorry for everyone who has had to deal with it their entire adult life”
Sheryl, it seemed, was not at all happy with being interrupted, or the way John’s stubborn cock had twitched in excitement
“Sod the case, Sherlock, you already know who is selling the drugs and how, Lestrade doesn’t need to make an arrest for you to be satisfied with that, you solved your puzzle”
A tall man, measuring around 6’4” entered, his eyes darting across the area like he was aware of their presence, that something was off, before cautiously sitting on the bed in the center, the springs creaking in protest of his weight as he chubby fingers stabbed at the mobile in his other hand
Even here, I still have a 10+ chapters to go
It's anime styled (literally the only thing I can draw) and it is my own work, so please don't take it
Sherlock rolled out of bed lazily; as if moving at all required an extreme amount of energy she couldn’t be bothered to sum it up. Slipping off the bed, she slipped her shoes on, making quite a show on how put upon she was by the whole process which both John and Mycroft ignored.
(See the end of the chapter for
But, what was his dream? He couldn’t imagine coming home from work to find Sherlock baking cakes, the very idea scared him shitless, but, he didn’t mind having a babysitter, someone to watch the child for a few hours during the course of a strong case, allowing Sherlock all the freedom she craved but a home and a family to come back to; a thrill and a sense of security when she needed it
“Thank heavens, I can barely handle my family in my regular state, like this” she weaved a hand down at herself “If you thought our first trip was bad…”
She was going to be the death of him
She hadn’t bothered to thank him
Of course, now was one of the only times he wished she didn’t feel like she claimed, because she wouldn’t have to suffer, to shoulder guilt that wasn’t even hers to claim
“I’m glad no one saw that” he said quietly, his eyes focused on some unnamed point across the pools reflection.
“Yeah” he braced his hands on the hard floor and she leaned back as he sat up, rolling his shoulders back and wincing at the pops that followed the movement
No, that was wrong, he couldn’t grow to resent her for his mistakes, after all, he was being foolish. He couldn’t just be some regular bloke and keep sex and love in separate, neat little boxes. One for fun, one for later, when he was ready and well off and with someone who actually shared the same dreams as he did
He wondered vaguely what her initial hesitance stemmed from, and the idea of some form of self-consciousness came to mind, though coming from Sherlock it didn’t seem probable.
“I…could watch after him…whenever you have cases, dearies.” Ms. Hudson tried, giving an awkward attempt at a comforting smile
She could talk herself up all she wanted, but Sherlock Holmes was no sociopath, and right in that moment, it was as clear as day that she was human, brilliant and beyond any other on the planet, but human nonetheless.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hardly, and a blindfold won’t be effective when I am able to find out exactly what cross streets we stop at before you’re able to read them by the amount of turns and the bumps in the road”
The name written on the band around the child’s wrist was bold and proud, a constant proof that this was real, he was real, the baby held in John’s strong arms was his
I'm probably gonna be posting my story on a different platform, but maybe here as well, if y'all are interested in reading my original work
“…Sorry?” John eyes tore away from the child with some effort to look at her, his eyebrow raised
Groaning softly, he shifted again; only to stop cold as soft head of curls caught the corner of his eye
Sherlock and Ms. Hudson turned towards the quiet voice as a woman timidly opened the door, her face twisting in an awkward attempt at a friendly smile
“I’ll make the toast, then. How’s your weight coming along?”
“Injures like this require a lot of rest” John replied, moving slowly to sit up and giving her a grin which she returned with a smirk of her own “Mrs. Watson, then?”
“Perhaps I should thank you” she said after a few seconds, the twitch of a smile on the edge of her lips “Though I don’t believe Lestrade will see it as an appropriate reason to start a fight and ruin a case”
Her muscles flexed around him and he swore he saw stars, his self control giving away as he thrusts became rougher, harder, faster, and soon he was pounding into her, her name falling from his lips like worship and she dug her nails into the backs of his hands
John’s oversized shirt taunting her with its existence
Still, even as much as she loved when he worried about her, it didn’t make dealing with how cranked up it had become over the last few months
“I’m John” John said, feeling rather awkward as he extending his free right hand toward the man
“What…?”
“Oh for heaven’s sake, it’s past midnight!” Ms. Hudson bustled out of her room; a dressing gown tightly wrapped around her figure and her slippers sliding across the flooring as if picking up her feet was too much effort
“Lestrade” she responded “And you are the only people I can tolerate spending an evening with, but going with Lestrade is much less desirable considering his adulterous wife”
If you're interested in reading my original work, message me on my
Fumbling, he did what she commanded, leaving him in just boxers, tented at the front, his arousal hot and heavy, and God he’d kill to have her touch him with those endless fingers of hers
But now, it seemed, he did have some John in him, not only by name
Tw: mentions of abortion
Finally, they arrived, and she lifted the crime tape to allow him under before ducking in after
This was about how close he’d come to killing the man who dared to touch her with his bare hands, and using all his self-control not to keep punching him after he went down
“What do you mean, my history?”
“You know the answer to that”
Two things that had no place in Sherlock’s mind
“It was the mistress who he hired on as a maid” Sherlock interrupted, completely ignoring Sally “The build up of dust here suggests their affair stayed inclusively in this office, an argument surrounding his marriage broke out, resulting in his death. Though, it would appear” she bent down, sweeping her gaze over his body once more “it was self defense, the gun a weapon of opportunity, unregistered, but his. He came at her, she struggled with this drawer,” she pointed at the desk drawer, the slight scuff marks from frantic fingernails craved into the wood “pulled the gun free and shot him twice”
So she shifted, swinging legs off the couch, leaning her head on his shoulder and touching a finger to their baby’s closed fist
It's smut but it's also short because I had planned to write more and now I have writer's block so I can't fill it in, sorry
Inform necessary parties
The detective didn’t open her eyes from where she was sprawled about the couch, merely let out a soft sigh
Dazed, disoriented, and confused, he rolled his tongue in his mouth, the plaque build up and sticky feel suggested dehydration, and he didn’t recall going to bed at all last night. The phantom pain of his injured shoulder told him something hadn’t gone right during his case with Sherlock, and at the thought of her he shot up in the bed he was laying on, instantly regretting the movement when pain bloomed across his chest, arms, and stomach
for updates on what's up with my life or my
THE SMUT HAS ARRIVED
He handed Junior over almost reluctantly, before heading towards the hospital door and opening it
John opened his mouth to respond, but decided better of it, simply retrieved his laptop from the kitchen table and retreated up the stairs towards his room
If it were up to her, he realized, she’d have handed their child off to Ms. Hudson or someone, anyone, else who was willing to take him, just to allow her to continue her bloody work
She hadn’t caught the kidnapper because of it
“You are an honest man, Dr. Watson, so I am sure this is much more than casual…encounters for you…”
After that incident, it seemed to become almost a regular occurrence, happening practically any time she was pressed against him, she left the shower, arrived at Buckingham palace wrapped in only a sheet that her damned brother stepped on and gave John that most wonderful and totally inappropriate view of her backside, or any other time he caught a glimpse of too much skin, as if his body could no longer determine the difference between Sherlock and any other woman. She wasn’t some average girl someone could just pick up off the street and invite to dinner; she was Sherlock, untouchable, unmovable, a force of nature Sherlock Holmes.
They bother looked at her, stunned for a few seconds until Junior’s coo snapped them out of it
“She’s no-” he quickly cut off his sentence, realizing whatever lie Sherlock had to tell in order to be allowed to stay was just fine, because if she set her mind to being by his side during recovery, he was happy “Y…yes, she really is…” John gave a smile that he knew came out shy, his free hand inching closer to Sherlock’s, brushing the edge of his pinkie to her thumb, and surprised to feel her cling to him immediately like an infant’s reflex; strong and steady though showing no signs of waking
A heavy sigh and a hand through his hair showed Sherlock just how frustrated with her John was already becoming, and she feared the conversation she was dreading was at hand
He wanted to be that for her, forever
Maybe the idea of her spending the night in what had become Sherlock’s sanctuary was the root of the issue
Sherlock shrugged, a smooth lift and fall of his shoulders. "It's a natural assumption that the partners of these men were unhappy. An assumption I, myself, just made."
And here John was, daring to feel prickly and uncomfortable because Sherlock was a bit standoffish.
"Shit," John said, and scrubbed at his face with his hands. "That's not—I was going to talk to you about it. I didn't mean to just—"
"—worry."
He called Cath. Told her he'd had a family emergency. He supposed, in a way, that it was true.
"I've been in more comfortable surroundings, but it'll do," Sherlock said.
"I miss you," John said, the words emerging breathless and rushed, as if all of the air had been punched out of him. His face crumpled and he looked away, swiping at his eyes with one trembling hand. "Christ. I just—I just—"
"You've been at it for hours."
"Two years spent wishing you'd done things differently, only to find out you were the punchline of a very bad joke," John said. He tried not to sound bitter. "Though I guess you find him useful to have around. Boosts your solve rate." Ah, there was the bitterness.
"The day that I—that day. That was your birthday."
"Hm?" Sherlock is only paying half-attention. His eyes are on the shifting clouds.
Silence from Sherlock for a long, terrible moment. And then: "Is that so?"
"Well," John said, his face heating. "Not really, no. But I think we ought to—"
He bolted up from the chair, tore down the stairs without bothering to stop for his coat. Baker Street was crowded, pedestrians in heavy coats bustling along the pavement, exhaust wafting up from passing cars.
and at the time he hadn't cared all that much about what capacity he had Sherlock in his life so long as he was there.
"Sherlock's gone."
And Lestrade had come, of course, and Molly, and Mrs Hudson too. They’d gathered around him at a table that was just slightly too small, knees bumping in a way that was uncomfortable and yet somehow companionable. Someone had put a candle in his slice of cake. And though he’d threatened to use it to burn the entire place down if they didn’t
He shrugged. His heart kicked in his chest, some long-buried need to rise to a challenge. "To offer me a raise in pay?"
Mycroft sighed. "You tend towards self-destruction when you fall idle, Sherlock. You always have."
The corners of Sherlock's mouth had twitched and he'd given in without much of a fight, laughter bubbling up from somewhere deep in his chest.
"I didn't do this," she said. "The door was open when I got here."
Out of the corner of his eye he glimpsed a familiar shape. He stopped in his tracks, muttered an apology to the person behind him who had to swerve to avoid walking into him.
"I was thinking
"Bed," John protested. "Too old for the sofa."
Sherlock straightened where he sat, flailing at the blanket that had wound itself around his limbs. "I'd have asked you along at the time, but it
Out of all of them, John was the first to leave. He thinks maybe that ought to surprise him, too.
"Where is he?"
He drew in a sharp breath, banished the thought. He'd worked alone before. He'd simply have to relearn how, that was all.
Sherlock's head snapped up. John stood in the doorway. He was gripping the doorframe with both hands, shoulders squared, breathing hard.
"Of course," Sherlock said. He shifted where he sat, feeling conspicuous and uncomfortable. He'd folded his hands in his lap.
"Everyone loves a wedding."
"Consulting comedian," John said. He sighed, looked down at the table. "I miss you."
There were flowers piled up by the entrance. Pink roses.
John looked at Sherlock, sitting back in his chair with Rosie perched calmly  on his lap. He looked at Janine, on the sofa all bright-eyed and utterly pleased with herself.
"We were very close," John said. "For a while. And it was—yeah—it was wartime, you know? So everything was a bit—erm—"
"Morning," John says.
"Oh dear," Mrs Hudson said.
Sherlock cranes his neck to watch him go, and is pleased when John shuts the bedroom door firmly behind him (he'd have slammed it, but clearly does not wish to disturb Rosie and so his default reaction is tempered a bit). John will be reluctant to cede this particular battle of wills. He'll fall asleep in Sherlock's bed just to spite him, and will hopefully emerge well-rested and marginally more cheerful in the morning. (There will be residual awkwardness—he will almost certainly feel strange about sleeping in Sherlock's bed when he wakes, but that will hopefully be offset by the improvements in physical and mental condition).
"Why not?"
"Vows are made to be broken, Sherlock."
"Funny."
"Yep." John broke eye contact, looked down at the ground. "Er. Sorry about that. If it's any consolation, I think he slipped his number into your phone while he was picking it up before."
"I loved you, you know," John says softly as he draws back.
John.
Sherlock looked back down at his tea. The warm ceramic felt good against his fingers.
Not much call for that kind of doctoring in London. And, even if there were, not the kind of doctoring he could do with the unreliable tremor in his hand, the perpetual ache in his shoulder, the phantom pain in his uninjured leg.
"I'm sure," John says, leaning back. There is nothing grotesque about the dog's eye, nothing that looks painful or worrisome. There is just a small knot of scar tissue around which the fur has grown in nicely. "Well, good luck finding him a home. I'm sure someone will—" he pauses, shrugs.
each other, all culminating in one painfully polite afternoon and a shared pot of tea.
Teeth marks.
She did not react. He watched for a moment as she made an incision, her hand steady and careful and very, very slow. Perhaps she hadn't heard him.
"Was there anything—out of the ordinary?"
She walked very fast, even in her high heels.
"I was angry," she said. She spoke quickly, but there was genuine warmth in her voice, real regret. "Of course I was—but I didn't want anything like that to—I didn't know what to think, when I heard. But I should have called. Or sent a bloody card, or—"
Even so, he thought Sherlock looked a bit sad.
"Mm, the medical receptionist, I think. Alice. Yoga in her spare time, mild but not fanatical interest in reality television, posts far too many
And yet it troubles him, when he takes his leave of Baker Street, when he heads out into the night with Rosie bundled up in his arms, when he looks back over his shoulder to see Sherlock silhouetted in the window, tall and proud and so very solitary.
John's hand cramped and he looked down. His fist was clenched tightly at his side. He breathed out through his teeth, willed himself to relax. Flexed his hand. Now was not the time for some sort of ill-advised possessive display. He had a job to do.
He was alive because of Molly, he could not have pulled off his plan without her. Moriarty had disregarded her, he had dismissed her, considered her unimportant.
He was an idiot.
But no, that hadn't been it. Not all of it. He'd been on the sofa, but only after he'd put Rosie to bed. Rosie.
She turned back, aimed a catlike smile at John, and then she was gone.
But now there was a media circus outside, and John Watson kept ringing her phone and she couldn't bring herself to answer, not yet, not when she had no idea what she was meant to say.
He wasn't the same person he'd been, all those years ago. He doubted he'd ever be that person again. But maybe—maybe he could muster up some of that old spirit. For Sherlock.
Sherlock must have noticed something shift in his expression, because his laughter had begun to die.
He felt paranoid, exposed. The phone was heavy and conspicuous in his pocket, the gun warm where it pressed against the skin of his back.
John breathed in, a deep breath. Preparation for speech. Sherlock very much did not want to hear whatever it was that he was going to say.
He'd smiled, looked down at the ground. "Mrs Hudson, you are a saint."
"I haven't agreed."
"I see."
Sherlock slowly emerged from behind a display of pasta sauce. There was a brief flicker of something sheepish on his face, immediately swept away in favour of a blank, haughty expression.
and surely she would have—
Sherlock turned back towards him, his face inscrutable. "Somehow I doubt that was her primary motivation."
"Right," John said. He shifted in his seat, uncomfortable, feeling raw and exposed. He was not sure why he had come.
John had moved back to Baker Street on a Tuesday afternoon.
"Mrs Hudson," he shouted, pounding on the door.
When they first met, there had been a spark of possibility between them. He fought against it, muffled it, forced it down because he was afraid to examine it too closely. And then—then, all of a sudden, it was too late.
"And no," Sherlock said. "Certainly not."
Even half-finished, he could tell it was going to be lovely. A proper fairy tale wedding.
"Hi," John said, and his voice emerged strangely choked. He shifted from one foot to the other. "I know this is—I haven't—can I come inside? It's bloody freezing out here."
"Later," John said, and he reached up and cupped Sherlock's cheek, his warm rough palm ghosting against his skin. He climbed out of the bed, pulled the blankets up behind him, tucked them close under Sherlock's chin.
"There aren't many who would have expended the effort, and—"
He hadn't known. Not then. But he'd
She raised her brows.
"Then what happened?"
That surprises a laugh out of John. He leans forward, pulls Sherlock against him. It is not the first time they've held one another, though the positioning is rather intimate. One of Sherlock's elbows rests on John's thigh. Sherlock's hair is rumpled and sweet-smelling under John's nose.
Sherlock did not lift his head from the microscope. "Keep it."
"Yes," John said, still not quite able to track the conversation, not quite sure where it was headed. Nowhere good, he supposed.
He could see police lights through the swirling snow as the taxi drew close, and he thumped his fist on the seat in front of him.
"I would have died for you," she tells him.
She looked between them again, then took a deep breath. "Jimmy was with his father yesterday morning. They argued. They—they were always fighting. But—" she paused. Tears had begun to gather in her eyes. "Jimmy left. He walked away. He assumed they'd talk again later, but—um. His father never came home."
"Good shot," Sherlock says, quietly.
"It's her birthday," John said. He cleared his throat, looked down, hoped he appeared at least reasonably embarrassed. "And I was—well. Some of her friends arranged for a little gift."
He scoffed, not looking away from the livers. "She didn't need to tell me that. It's painfully obvious if you know what to look for."
John thinks.
learned how to waltz."
"Hm," he'd said. Considered. Found the idea agreeable.
angry, of course. Disappointed. But I'm not the focus. Or at least, not directly. You're disappointed in yourself. For—" he faltered, an unpleasant chill creeping down his spine, at odds with the warmth rising in his face, "—for caring about someone incapable of—"
The fantasy was at once alluring and unsettling.
He'd just never been the type to make friends easily, that was all. Sherlock had been the exception to that. He'd taken to Sherlock right away. God knew why, but he had.
Something in her voice, a longing so clear, made John hunch his shoulders slightly. Eyes off to the side, lids half closed, furrowing of brows, before relaxing with a sign. Thoughts leading to a negative conclusion. Reconsidering letting her work didn’t seem to pass, then
He shrugged off his jacket, feeling the shirt underneath sticking to his body in the summer heat, and physical toll running around London was taking. Sweat and aches in his muscles told the tale of this case, physically demanding and twice the high
“So, you never do that, then. Wear heels, I mean,” he asked casually, ignoring the quiet moan she let out when he put pressure on the arch
“Not what I meant, you brat” he said teasingly, “I meant a relationship. You know, boyfriend, girlfriend, whatever”
“We had…different interests” she closed her eyes for a second, taking a breath as if to steady herself, and her next words came out a bit rushed, like they always did whenever she was unsure about a possible social queue she’d missed “Perhaps it was my own fault. Very rarely do young couples avoid intimacy. It was obvious any man that age would grow to expect it from a significant other and leave one unwilling, it was the social norm after a certain period of time to engage in such activates, after all”
Their gazes locked, and both broke out in insane giggles, half smoothing them with their hands but failing to keep it down
No joke, I totally forgot about this story and updating, only recently that I started networking did I remember I have a following here, so here's chapter 32, only a handful more to go
“As if they have any worth broken” she sighed, pressing her soles into the armrest, the skirt of her dress pushing up dangerously and revealing the boxer shorts she wore underneath (really, he HAD to start locking his pants drawer) “besides, they were the main cause of my discomfort. There is no logic in wearing shoes you can’t do daily activities in without breaking out into blisters”
Yeah, Sherlock was definitely pregnant. Now the only question was, if he really had become her toy
‘Back off’
“Not the best choice for a public hook up, but I suppose that makes no difference to you, now, does it?” She smirked, “Secluded from the rest, I should have expected this is where you meet Anderson during work hours. I’ll take my leave now”
This was John, looking up at her with deeply focused eyes, yet his mouth ajar and panting and a look of awe running its way on every line of his face, like she was the most amazing thing on Earth, like she was beyond understanding but still so deserving of praise, like she was something to hold and treasure and admire no matter what
“Marriage counseling” she practically hissed under her breath before returning her attention to the infant in her arms
“Err…this isn’t something people usually discuss”
Dear, sweetheart, darling, love. The various different names he’d given Sherlock, never addressing her as her real name, but whether it was to point out their obvious gender differences, or some sick form of flirting only psychopaths were capable of, John didn’t know. Only that every time the words left Jim’s lips, the anger in the pit of his stomach grew, and the only thing on his mind was shoving his fist down the creep’s throat
“Not what I was going to say, but thank you for the empty threat”
“Curiosity, at first. But I’ve never truly been drawn to it, the whole process seems rather messy”
He came so hard he swore he saw stars
at the idea of what it meant, though she knew their relationship wouldn't be changing much, the simple fact she now was legally tied to John, that he was tied to
Married to her work, that much was obvious, now more than ever. Sure, they’d shagged nine ways to Sunday but emotions were never part of that deal, a release of tension and stress, and a completely different kind of high to seek during her fits of boredom, something to occupy her time and mind while he crumbled to bits every time she touched him
“Of course” he said, “Yeah I don’t want other guys flirting with you because you’re my wife, but I wouldn’t punch out any bloke that made a move on you, only the ones that crossed that line”
The young woman, a nurse, widened her eyes in surprise before nodding in understanding
She didn’t seem to notice his words at all, however, so with a shrug of his shoulders, he left the room with Donovan
“Don’t just pimp yourself out for a favor!”
“We thought we’d visit” John grinned, taking the infant in his arms’ hand to wave a limp wrist in her direction
There was something more intimate now, though, the way she held the violin, fingers dancing across its neck like a lover, bow caressing its strings
John buried his moan into the nape of her neck when he wasn’t able to hold out any longer
“What’d your brother do?”
“You’re getting married?” a nameless officer asked
“A visit once a year is hardly asking much, dear sister” Mycroft replied, his umbrella tapping the floor evenly
It was obvious he was in a hospital, bandaged torso and stitched up arms reminded him he had been in a knife fight not long ago; the last thing he could remember was Sherlock pressing her expensive coat against the gaping wounds in an attempt to stop the bleeding until the ambulance came
This was dangerous, unknown land he was wondering with Sherlock, and, like always, he’d follow her anywhere
He could feel his ears turning red at that, the euphemism only adding to his embarrassment
Shortly followed by her was Lestrade, looking a little flustered and uncomfortable, and John wondered if he was embarrassed about seeing the all mighty Sherlock in a very human light
“This is as ‘all out’ as I’m capable of.” She said, gesturing down at the figure flattering lace dress,  simple yet with a calming and gentle complexity in it’s design, something fitting of John, she thought, more than her. He’d enjoy it
As if reading his thoughts, she shook her head, standing up straight and wiping her mouth with the back of her hand “No time” she said evenly, her voice only slightly hoarse from their previous activities “The lab results should be back by now”
But he never actually had time to stop and think: why? Why was it so important to constantly make it known ‘we’re not a couple’ ‘I’m not her date’ ‘she’s not my girlfriend’?
“Don’t be silly John. Of course if I were to marry anyone, it’d be you. Can you honestly see me with anyone else?”
He loved her
(See the end of the chapter for
In all honesty, he expected her to roll off to the side and demand he get out of her bed once they finished. He was already gathering the required energy into aching muscles to do so
“What type of jam?”
He swapped his usual clothes for a tight gray v neck shirt that showed off his muscles, straight legged dark blue jeans and a black leather jacket to top it all off
I'm also a leftie, that's what inspired this chapter. Even now I've been married 3 years and I still play with my ring every now and again because it has fallen off before so it's become a force of habit
Even Sherlock, insensitive, rude, and egotistical as she was, didn’t deserve his alcoholic little sister as a partner
“No, Sherlock” John caught her hands as they frantically begun removing his tie, already undoing three buttons of the shirt underneath
“Here” he said, helping Sherlock move up slightly to press the warm pad to her lower back, “that should help the muscle pain” with that, he sat on the floor by her head, leaning back against the armrest, ignoring her obvious stare
She clawed wood of the door behind her at the unusual violence of his thrusts, uneven and almost animalistic as he grunted into her neck and covered her mouth with his hand, keeping her from saying anything at all, his other leaving her leg to fist into her hair, not pulling, but controlling all the same
He didn’t have to say the last bit, it lingered at the end of his sentence all the same, causing her to move, bolting upright and openly snarling in his direction
Quickly, he scrambled off his flatmate, sitting back on his heels and giving an awkward smile
“You’re curious about something, I can hear you thinking” She sighed when no response came “Ask so I can get back to work”
“Where will England be without another Holmes?” John joked, causing her to laugh
“All the other children in your class are ordinary, Jonathon” Sherlock responded
“I never would have guessed it, that she was that kind of woman,” Donovan continued, her arms crossed and leaning her weight on one hip
“Sherlock?” John’s strong hands pulled back her hair, keeping it from soiling should she need to vomit again, his fingers brushing over her cheeks to check for a possible fever, alarm woven in his touch
John looked down and realized the position they were in, along with the implications of such a thing could be
The sound of giggling, combined with muffled laughter and obvious joy told Sherlock everything she needed to know about just who was waiting for her inside Scotland Yard
And he loved every second of it
Tw: Mentions of sex slavery
“What do you store in there?”
“Ah! So it’s true!” An older gentlemen with a bearded face grinned in greeting as Sherlock and John entered, dressed in their usual attire, her arm held his in a practiced manner that made it look all the more natural and genuine
Sherlock remained lying; and tried not to think about how the women were looking more and more like her
(See the end of the chapter for
“I will not become a home maker, John”
“Well that was tedious” Sherlock muttered, “Her presence was distracting”
He turned his attention to Sherlock with a look that spoke volumes of his disappointment in her behavior, most of which was rubbing off on Junior “This is about being socialized properly, I won’t have him dismissing people like you used to”
“W-what? Y-you can’t honestly believe I’m a cheater?!” April stuttered out, and a smirk broke across the detective’s face
It was as if Sherlock, as amazing and beautiful as she was to see before, had let go of a mask he hadn’t realized was there in the first place, and she was letting him see her just a little bit better
“No, John, I’m done! You hear me? Done!”
As a baby, it was a little less noticeable. The child could have been anyone’s, to be frank, not that John ever suspected Sherlock of anything
“Sorry…” John said to the Yarders, before hurrying on after her
“You’re bloody right I’m angry” he responded, his tone so harsh it cut the air and he almost flinched at the ice in his own words
“Put some clothes on!” He hissed under his breath, looking her square in the eyes, a challenge
“Have you ever had this” John asked, his fingers moving up and down her bare shoulder and side lazily, tracing her lean curves over and over
“Then what about her?”
The rattling of the locked doorknob while he was buried deep inside Sherlock, having her half bent over the hospital shelves was NOT exactly a fond memory, and even now he shivered at the thought of if that person had had the keys to enter
“Are there any open cases? Preferably the interesting ones, but I would take any at this point”
“No” she said, her voice warm “You’ll be better”
She was alive
(See the end of the chapter for
It felt…smothering to be the same room as the two, like he was looking in on an intimate moment he had no business watching
He knew words would fall flat, that no matter what he said, how much he repeated that it wasn’t her fault; they were no more than empty statements to her
That night, with the murderer caught and the day done, John had just shrugged out of his coat, ready to sleep off the exhaustion of the day, when he found himself being pressed against the door the second it closed, his back smacking against the wood with a loud thud and his arms suddenly full of consulting detective
Occupational hazard and all
Someone more like Sherlock, no doubt, Tall, brilliant, breathtaking, and instead they met John, average, everyday bloke John
John felt a tickle of fingers on his skin and he cracked an eye open, taking in the sight of a naked genius running her hands over his chest
“You’d make a good mother” John smiled as the child laughed
Lestrade nodded and she was off, becoming more annoyed with her outfit with every clack of her heels
“O-Oh! Jeez, I’m sorry” She said, bending to pick it up with red cheeks and nervous hands
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry?”
Fingers curling around brown locks, sanity slipping away with every hallow of her cheeks, he lost his ability to think, to breathe, to do anything besides stammer out her name in warning a tug every so gently on those soft curls
“Yeah…?” he asked, his eyes shut tight as he kept himself completely still
He stared at her for a few seconds, wondering why he let her bully her way into every part of his life
“Oh, he’s just darling! May I?” Ms. Hudson fused, shoving the pot of food into John’s arms and heading towards Sherlock’s side
“Wasn’t given much of a choice” she replied, the arm holding John’s tightened slightly, her eyes practically daring Mycroft to say something
It made sense, in a way. It wasn’t something serious, he wasn’t sure it meant anything at all to her outside of fulfilling the sudden and strong libido she seemed to develop, and it didn’t brand either of them as taken, they weren’t exclusive, so why make it public?
She didn’t want to grow to resent their child, to see John Jr. as something holding her back instead of the family he was
He was tall, taller than her in her heels which was rare enough as is, closer to 6’4”, a pale bloke with bleach blonde hair slicked back and sunglasses hiding his eyes, as if it was bright enough to need them in the darkened lighting of the club
Have rings sent to 221b’
hospital
“Don’t push your luck, with the amount of narcotics in your pocket I would suggest you take your leave” Sherlock said with a lift of her chin
The fact he dropped the topic and didn’t press it meant he’d given up, but his body language practically screamed to her how disappointed he was
“Counting freckles,” she replied
“Brilliant” John muttered, his eyes crinkling slightly at the corners as he smiled affectionately toward the detective
“Agreed. Papa, Mother would surely make a better teacher than…” He wrinkled his nose, pausing, and looking over the nice looking older man smiling at the front doors “a half blind alcoholic” He deduced, looking up for confirmation and Sherlock smiled down proudly in response
At the thought of Sherlock he panicked, because the idiot had probably spent all night awake, even with the injuries she’d received less than ten days ago she hadn’t been getting the proper amount of rest she needed and he quickly focused on the attacker, ready to take them out and look for his flatmate, only to find her lying on the floor in front of him
When he pulled back, Sherlock's eyes were closed.
"Jim," the man said. He shrugged, an exaggerated motion that shifted his thin shoulders under his t-shirt. "From IT."
about?"
John follows his gaze to a window high above, a dog leaping against the glass, barking. The dog is small, its bark fierce.
He swallowed hard.
He missed London, terribly.
John shrugged, then tipped his head towards the little side table, where he'd set a can of insect repellent. "In case they aren't."
And, oh Christ, she was still talking. "You experienced a terrible trauma. A sudden loss. It's understandable that—"
And Sherlock, battle-scarred and weary, is lovely. And John loves him.
"Was it really worth all this, in the end?" he asked.
"Of course you were sad—"
He'd expected a miracle. He'd insisted on seeing Sherlock's body at the funeral. A part of him had been so certain, so sure that he would lift the lid and gaze down into unoccupied space. But Sherlock had been there. Dead. Dead and gone and far beyond the reach of any miracles.
He was a child again, wide-eyed and curious. He snapped gum and blew bubbles because it irritated his brother. The sickly-sweet scent rose in the air. He blew a bubble that grew larger and larger, until it looked more like a sugary pink balloon lifting towards the sky. There was darkness inside that bubble, a shadowy shape with eight legs, shifting and moving,
And at the same time, he wanted to fall to his knees in front of his friend and beg forgiveness, wanted to wipe away the whole of the last terrible year, wanted Sherlock close, wanted his inappropriate comments and sly little jokes, his cleverness and audacity and entirely misplaced devotion.
Sherlock switched the slide in his microscope, his hands moving gracefully, precisely. Then he reached into his dressing gown pocket, withdrew something. Set it on the table. Slid it towards John.
"Baker Street," John says. The words fill him with a sick sense of longing. "I'm not there anymore."
Oh, Christ, Sherlock. No.
John does not stop to consider next steps. He goes through the front door, back out into the warm morning sunshine.
He turned on the telly, careful to keep the volume down. Set his laptop on the coffee table, leaned his head back against the sofa. Shut his eyes.
"Are you going to eat those crisps?"
"Sherlock," John says, finally.
"Hi," John said. He stepped aside to allow her entry.
He lifted his glass, drained the last dregs of his beer. There was a band setting up on the little stage in the corner, and he watched them with mild interest.
"In there," he said unnecessarily. There was a piece of paper taped to the front of the door and John ignored it as he steered Sherlock through, kicking away the little doorstop and letting the door slam shut behind them.
"Do you?"
"Generally, no," John said.
He dreamed of John, John and his graveside salute, of his own words stolen away by the brush of a web against his face. Distracted, unfocused,
Downstairs, the front door slammed shut.
"Yeah, wonder why."
"Not if it helps us stay in character," Janine said.
For the first time, he allowed himself to wonder what would happen next.
"Stop dithering and come in," Sherlock drawled as John's steps creaked on the landing. "Please be brief. And for the love of God, don't be boring."
He slipped on his coat, picked up his cane, went outside into the weak burgeoning daylight. The air was brisk.
"No," Sherlock said, quiet, and he tried to put the weight of his understanding behind his words. John could not always forgive. That was all right.
"I want to be here," John said, his voice barely above a whisper. "With you. This is—this is where I want to be."
Sherlock did not respond.
She sighed. He could nearly feel her irritation over the phone, coming through in waves. He was suddenly very sorry that he had not tried harder, that he'd let his apathy take over, that he'd worn his disinterest like a badge of honor.
"Who is he, really?"
Harry stops going out at night. Her face loses its tired puffiness, the dark circles under her eyes fade.
to take a breath and marvel at the fact that in spite of everything that had happened, they were both still there, together.
"That you, Shezza?"
John turns to follow his gaze. Looks at the laptop. He laughs a little, because he is not sure what else to do. "Just trying it out."
Lestrade was not alone when he arrived, looking grim-faced and unhappy. Molly was with him.
"Some things are unforgivable," he said, speaking through his fingers, his voice muffled.
Sherlock offers another smile, this one bland. He pivots away from John and heads towards the back of the RV.
"Yeah," John says, and he seems to sag a bit. He turns, puts his hand on the door, reaches into his pocket for his keys.
Sherlock closes his mouth, looks at him.
He sucked in a breath, took it all in. The flipped coffee table. The shattered television. The smashed drinking glass, pungent scotch soaked into the carpet.
He leapt from the bed, stumbled slightly over his own two feet, a pathetic, miserable hope bubbling up in his chest as he flung upon the bedroom door.
All is well. This is a
"That is what they're for," John agreed. He stood at the kitchen sink, rinsing dishes in hot, soapy water, phone pinched awkwardly between his shoulder and ear. Behind him, Rosie was sat comfortably in the sitting room, babbling streams of semi-intelligible nonsense to a line of stuffed animals.
"You, so clearly unhappy. And yet you claim that you're happiest here."
He'd not seen Sherlock since that night at the club. He'd thought about him. Had considered looking him up—how many blokes called Sherlock Holmes could there possibly be?—but he'd held off. Sherlock was a detective, after all. If he'd wanted to find John, surely he would have.
Sherlock thought again.
Sherlock looks at him. He can read nothing of importance in his expression.
"Is that--?"
"Yeah," John kept on smiling, hoping it looked genuine enough. "Thanks for thinking of me."
John made another shushing noise against his lips and then they were kissing again, fumbling and eager, almost desperate. His brain had ceased to function. His hands moved of their own accord, cupping John's cheeks, sliding down the sides of his neck and across his shoulders. Down his arms and against the shifting curve of his waist. Fingers skimming under the edge of his shirt, dancing along the thin strip of skin he'd revealed. He'd wanted—he'd always wanted—
He rolled over onto his side, curled up. Stared at the shifting shadows on the wall.
toting around an entire human's worth of severed bits would be . . . difficult.
"Well observed," Sherlock said.
"No need to relive the greatest hits," he said, keeping his tone mild, a little bored. "I assure you there's nothing wrong with my memory."
"Oh, well. I've never heard of him either. He says his next book takes place at a racetrack, only he's never been around horses so he wanted to familiarise himself with all of this."
"My friend's cat—"
John knew where he was happiest.
“No, Dad. He’s a friend. Just a friend. And he was in trouble.” John swallowed hard, as he tried not to worry about Sherlock.
“Apparently I’m
“When
an idiot,” he said affectionately to his consulting detective.
about. She sent you to
“Watch me. If we want this to be over, for this to be worth anything, we need to finish it.” John stood tall; his purpose suddenly clear. “I am
“Yeah, it
“Financially.”
“How did you know where I lived anyway?” He asked suddenly.
“Everything alright? Are you three going to join us?” the teacher asked at the doorway.
“Yes?” John said, looking back as he heard a groan from the foyer area.
“Yes, sorry sorry,” he sighed, starting to push her and she squealed with delight.
to protect you… you… you could have died,” Sherlock finally said, not able to quite say it how he wanted to.
want you. I don’t want you to ever think that I don’t want you. But you were unexpected, you see? I hadn’t planned on ever getting involved… with anyone. And now that I have you, I just want to keep you to myself sometimes. I’m sorry I’ve been making you feel that way.”
“Sit,” John demanded firmly, as he passed Mycroft a cup. He stood there for a moment, watching as Mycroft sat and took a first sip of the tea, scrunching his nose at the taste.
yet? To the actual day it happened?”
Not only did the coach love Sherlock’s work, he basically adopted him as the new assistant, which worked well for them. It meant that Sherlock had a legitimate reason to come to training after school and be at the games on Saturdays – even the ones they had to travel to - and it made him so happy that they would be able to spend the extra time together.
“I think that’s best,” John said, still with his doctor voice.
“More than once actually.”
“Shut up.” Sherlock didn’t even bother opening his eyes for the jibe.
“Yes,” John answered without thinking. “What? No!” he finally caught up. “Sherlock, of course I didn’t go on a
you do that? He’s not happy about it,” Sherlock announced.
“I like how you’ve rearranged things. It looks more… spacious now,” Sherlock offers.
When it looked like someone you
“It’s fine,” Sherlock responded. But John knew it wasn’t.
“I need to hear it,” Sherlock whispers, the words barely audible over the blood rushing in John’s ears. They are pure torture.
“Yes, just getting dressed,” he said dismissively.
John pulled Sherlock’s hand to his lips and kissed his fingers gently in reassurance and Sherlock couldn’t help closing his eyes, enjoying it just for a moment, pretending that none of the other mess had happened.
“It’s not my place to…” John started.
name Greg…I couldn’t…” John let it trail off.
believed I was dead, they would see your pain and
No, not that either. “Wait did you… was that the beans you left at my door? Was that you as well?” he suddenly realises.
“I know, I’m sorry. I got so caught up with the garden again,” he says with a shake of his head.
“Sherlock…why am I…did I fall asleep…
John smiled back at him but looked a little disappointed at the sentiment. And the smile was hollow - not lighting up his face the same way it always used to. Sherlock was saddened by the knowledge that John was a shadow of his former self right now.
“Good. Because I’m stubborn, you know. I wasn’t planning on staying away,” Sherlock joked stubbornly.
“Why on earth would you think that?
“Sorry?” she asked, not knowing what he meant.
“No, definitely elsewhere. The head wound is an unusual shape. Could be blunt force trauma or a fall. And then moved and dumped. The bleeding had already clotted by then, based on the times Lestrade sent through.”
“Not bad?” Sherlock responds with surprise.
there?” Mycroft asks, surprised.
Sherlock rolled out of bed, shaking his curls between his fingers, lazily. Taking in the sensations as his his toes touched the cold wooden floor, the contrast from his warm bed waking his senses a little more. He wriggled his toes back and forth from big toe to little and back, getting the nerve endings to register some feeling. Stretching his arms to the ceiling and feeling his rib cage expand and the vertebrae snap into place. He let out a sigh. His brain slowly taking in his surroundings, the day, the time… something at the edge of his brain felt foggy - what was he forgetting?
“Nope. I just can’t,” John said to Greg, turning away, again.
“He didn’t want me to help. He didn’t need me there. He let me leave and say those awful things to him and then he just…he said he lied about everything. He told me he was a fraud but I believed in him… so much…and then he just…jumped and it was over.
“If he’s still here,” Sherlock said, moping.
have to see the humour in it?” Sherlock tried.
Thursday 8:28pm
, he grabbed on and it was the best damn kiss Greg had ever had.
“Oh yes, you have to come John, the parties are the best bit!” Sarah pleaded.
So, they hadn’t really been in touch and he just hadn’t gotten a warning, before Sherlock burst into his house earlier that day. He had expected, or hoped, to see him in the summer, perhaps. The pessimist in him had been convinced he would never see Sherlock again. But Sherlock had stayed firmly planted in his mind nonetheless. And now, here he is, on John’s sofa, in the middle of winter, flown in from sunny Florida, with barely any luggage, as if it was just another day.
“Uh… John Watson,” he decides to offer, extending his hand without thinking. The man is tall, very imposing, and he knows it. John feels decidedly under-dressed in his presence. “I know Sher—” he catches himself and clears his throat. “William,” he corrects, with a nod. “I know William.”
The clock on the wall ticks above him, Sherlock watching seconds turn into minutes, into half an hour. One day turns into the next without him noticing. The village below sleeps, even more peaceful in its slumber, unfazed by the winds that rattle the window seals, howling across the roofs and through the trees in the mightiest of concertos. None of its sounds, of its might, translates onto the notebook on his lap, though. It remains empty, nothing filling the pages, no music materializing as the sound of the clock hand moves in its endless circle.
He doesn’t mind the snow, or the cold. Not enough to consider going back to London. If he is honest with himself, he hasn’t seriously considered that at all. In all this time, John hasn’t felt the urge to get back to the busy streets, into the buzzing city, the promising adventures and excitement. For so long, he had only ever imagined his life there. But then, he had still been someone – a surgeon, an army captain. Now, as ‘just John’, this remote, secluded place seems to fit him better.
here now,” Sherlock moaned.
box which had been missing.
, he reminded himself. He couldn’t bear it if John asked to leave. He had seen the look on John’s face at the lab. John was not going to be able to deal with this case. He could see Rosie in this little girl too. No, it was better if he dealt with this one alone, as he had planned from the beginning. Curse Molly for bringing John into it.
“Are you sure?” John added.
out.” He kisses Sherlock on the cheek and walks off.
“Sherlock…” Mycroft said softly.
Thursday 5:16pm
But no. She gave him a sad look, unable to think of anything useful to say.
“He solved it?” Greg was surprised. He hadn’t heard anything from Sherlock yet about it.
John wasn’t one to pray very often but he had prayed over the last hour. Sherlock had not needed sedation, he had slept soundly for the entire time, exhaustion taking control.
“Oh! That’s today? Right sorry I…” he looks around a bit lost as to how to proceed. “Give me two minutes. I completely forgot. Must have been distracted…”
he yelled at himself internally.
He smiled to himself as he put the book carefully beside his legs on the bed, preparing to get up and leave Sherlock to sleep, when Sherlock’s breathing started to hitch.
“Fine. Take a seat, have a drink. I’ll get started.”
“It’s okay, you’re here now.” John smiled again.
The tears come before John can stop them, hot against his cheek. Happy tears, most of them. John rubs them away with the palms of his hands, his heart aching in his chest, seemingly too big for his rib cage, somehow. All his worry bleeds away, flushed from his body.
Trust me it’s not by choice.
“Mycroft!” they both barked at the same time, looking at the open door. They glanced back at each other and giggled. They could hear Mycroft cursing to himself, folding his newspaper angrily in annoyance. John rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder without thinking, for balance. As they both became aware of John’s hand resting there, the laughter died down and they looked at each other with more seriousness. John’s eyebrows drew together in a slightly pained and unsure gesture, while maintaining eye contact, as if closing that gap was suddenly terrifying. Sherlock replied with a tilt of his head as if to say,
The team finally got ahead, winning out in the final minutes. Sherlock could not sit still the whole time, bouncing on the bench with excitement and jumping up to cheer and scream. When they kicked the winning goal, Sherlock leapt on John, both arms around his neck and kissed him with complete abandon.
“Yeah, okay, but let’s not toy with him. He’s a good one,” Greg warned, but with a smile. “His grades are excellent. They’d likely take him if it wasn’t for the cane.”
“Some people interest Sherlock or fascinate him on a scientific level. I don’t know if he has romance in his makeup. Neither of us seem to, in fact. But with you… well it’s the closest I’ve seen to him being romantic with anyone,” he offered.
“Molly, how’s things?” Greg asked, entering the space with the confidence of someone who frequented morgues for a living. It felt strange following Greg in though, instead of Sherlock.
keeping his distance, with John sleeping on his chest and his right butt cheek slowly falling asleep. It had been a good hour of sitting and thinking. It was not a good thing for Sherlock to be stuck in one place…thinking.
Guilt hits him. He is not the only one who has suffered from them being apart, he knows now. He has felt the longing in Sherlock’s kisses, has seen the pain in those
of the nurses that has been taking care of Sherlock. We’ve never crossed paths before,” she prattled as he stared at her.
Sherlock leaned in unexpectedly and planted a gentle kiss on his lips, his hands cupping John’s face gently. It was too short, but it was a promise, and John closed his eyes savouring the feeling, wishing he had a mind palace to commit it to memory in.
. He had always been blind when it came to John. Moriarty had known that. How very fitting that his blind spot was his undoing. He thought that doing all of this to save him would have been all worthwhile. But he had miscalculated it to a monumental proportion. He always knew the risk of going away to destroy Moriarty from the ground up, to keep everyone safe. It had always been a possibility that he himself would not survive. But a risk he and his brother had agreed was worthwhile and important to take, for the sake of the others. He had never considered that taking that risk would have a completely other side effect. He did not factor it into his calculations at all. He and Mycroft had both missed it. With no real life experience, it had not occurred to either of them. A fact his brother was now painfully unable to accept. The constant checking in was irritating.
“I don’t know, John. I’m not the one who made it up.” They giggled again, and Sherlock had leaned over, hand on his knee. John was warm through the fabric of his jeans.
“If I was bored… you said that I could come and help you?” Sherlock reminds him, looking slightly embarrassed.
“Tell me… about the tattoos,” he said, pulling himself to sit on the first step, in the hope that being stationary would allow his head to stop spinning long enough to come up with a plan. He leaned his head against the wall to support his weight, sucking in some breaths to try and help steady himself.
“Great,” John said, feeling a bit apprehensive, and trying to get his own head around what was happening. He had thrown a change of clothes and some toiletries into a backpack at the flat and left in such a hurry he had barely had time to process everything. Luckily Greg hadn’t been drinking as much as the rest of them and had taken the lead. A three hour or so drive through the night had been required, but it had given them a chance to talk over some of the information again, and the little bit Greg had been told about this latest development on the phone. Eventually, conversation had died down and the fatigue of the last couple of days had caught up with John, apparently. Watching the headlights bob on the road in front had lulled him off to sleep.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock replied, trying to give John his focus.
“Hey. Don’t do that,” John scolded him. “I’m not the bad guy.”
John.”
"It’s fine Dad. I promise. I’m sorry. Don’t worry." John said in a rush. "Is it still okay if I go to the party to celebrate the win with the boys at least?” He thought he might as well try it now.
“Sherlock. I know you’re in there. Come out.
“You too,” Sherlock snapped. “You can go too. There’s nothing to see here.”
John couldn’t help but join in. He marvelled at the fact that here he was on only the third day of school and he was spending his first lesson of the day, giggling on the floor with this unusual, fascinating and complicated boy. Things might actually work out at this school. For the first time in a long time, John thought things might actually work out.
“What are you doing here?” John asked, his voice rasping from the tears, confusion clear on his face. “You don’t live around here do you?” he sniffed loudly.
John crossed his arms, not moving, his brow heavily furrowed as he looked at the ground, trying not to let the emotions get the better of him. He kicked at a piece of lint on the floor, in a nervous gesture, unsure what to say.
“John, lovely to see you again,” Mycroft simpered as he entered the foyer. John jumped a little, caught deep in his thoughts of inadequacy. He extended his hand and they shook. Mycroft was being almost sickly sweet, and John found it unsettling after his last experience meeting him. It put him a bit off balance.
“Yes, John, how many times do I have to repeat myself?”
Silent and thoughtful as the three departed
She needed to think, find a way to compromise; offer what John thinks he needs and what she’s willing to give
The silence carried on, and John thought for sure after a while she was off somewhere else, deep in her mind palace or perhaps even asleep
John hunched his broad shoulders, sinking deeper into his chair, praying to any deity that was listening to just let the earth open up and swallow him whole
“Hmm, see, it all works out then. Did you bring any case files with you, Lestrade?”
“Yes, he just turned 3 months”
John is his experiment. Sherlock learns his textures, his reactions, his sounds, surrounds himself in his smell and the taste of his skin. Sherlock is a detective, looking for clues, finding scars and freckles to kiss, learning of their beauty.
“Yep.” John was still not fully back in his body. Sherlock could tell.
Sherlock looked up towards John’s bedroom, without making eye contact, even though he couldn’t see anything from down in the lounge. Just a habit, as if he could sense her to check, just by glancing. He closed his eyes momentarily in relief, before snapping his eyes open, hoping John didn’t notice.
______________________
to solve the case. We’ve made some headway,” he announced proudly, his face lifting again.
Sherlock eventually comes back with a large bunch of flowers, grinning like a maniac.
Friday 6:20pm
“No.” John was missing something. “Know what?”
But he needed more, more proof, more physical touch to reassure the dark corners of his mind and calm his subconscious
Even John, who had spent all that time at war, had seen so much bloodshed and pain, could not have been prepared for this, and he darted his eyes to the floor, cursing god under his breath for allowing something like this to happen, to children who had already had such a hard life as it was.
Molly, quiet the entire visit as she often was whenever she saw Sherlock in the mitts of a difficult case, watched after her, her clipboard clutched tightly to her chest and her eyes longingly locked on the closing doors
The usual attentiveness was gone, swept away by the sea of John’s gaze. She breathed out slowly, exhaling as cheeks flushing slightly, and he lost it, carefully practiced control flying out the window, pushing her back against the wall, pinning wrists to her sides with his hands, and his mouth covered hers.
“Of course I don’t, but Christ!” He shook his head angrily, finally getting around to zipping up his fly in an attempt to hide his modesty, but there wasn’t much left. Sherlock had flown up the stairs like the force of nature she was, completely ignoring everything John had repeatedly told her about boundaries and walking right into John seconds away from losing himself in another woman’s mouth, and he nearly came from the sheer shock of gooseflesh that prickled over his skin when his eyes locked with hers
Didn’t mean he couldn’t be outright upset with the brat for constantly bullying her way into every waking moment of his life, just that he recognized he was at fault too
“Sorry?” John asked as he removed one of the extra blankets from the bed, and making his way towards the small love seat by the door
When they climbed the steps to Baker street, the lights inside were switched off, and John allowed himself a little sliver of hope that maybe Sherlock was out of the evening, that she’d taken the hint that his date may work out better than expected and given him some time alone in their flat
“Very good John” she said with a huff, one eye half closing as if wincing from the pain, and he right away dropped to his knees in front of her, checking her over
“Stop it, both of you!” John shook his head, “You’ll be getting private tutoring from one of Mycroft’s teachers, you know this isn’t about learning at all” He was well aware their son, at 5, was already smarter than all the students combined, perhaps even some of the teachers.
“So….”
Before Mycroft could reply to that, she turned towards Lestrade
“Hmm, it’s entirely up to you whether or not you take my advice, but Gray” shove from John’s elbow “Greg” she corrected with a roll of her eyes “may be a suitable match should you want to start a family”
There had to be a way
She leaned forward, and he did the same, their foreheads touching slightly “There is no risk of me falling into old habits, but if you still need reassurance…” she plucked her one strand of her hair, holding it out to him “I have been clean for six and a half years, a standard test should confirm that. I have much more to lose now than a hand full of pounds and my brothers ‘respect’. Though the draw is still there, as it will always be, I hear, I will not falter in my sobriety”
Quietly, she moved towards his side, and John stuck out his arm so she could test his vitals
“I don’t see the point, nor the lure. I repeated the experiment with several different types of men, as well as women, the result was the same. It’s not something I find necessary, all the rutting and rather barbaric feel of it” she waved her hand through the air, as if dismissing memories of her past experiences “it drives on sentiment and is the primary reason most people commit murder.”
She got to work, skilled digits undoing the buttoning of his jeans and zipper with one hand, the other reaching up to weave into his short hair
“Why?” she asked, her tone suspicious
“How do I look?” He asked, holding out his arms with a smile that felt bigger than usual
He was hesitant and gentle and that just wasn’t going to work for her, so firmly planting her foot on the mattress, and pushing, she flipped their positions so she landed on top, the quick movement ending in a gasp from him
“If you must” She replied with a sigh
Anyways, comment if you like the story thus far, I love reading what you have to say
Maybe it wasn’t fair to allow that, not to himself, or her, but at that point he was well aware where exactly he stood, not a friend, or flatmate, or quick shag. But an archer and a constant, the calm that fell in love with the storm
She was graceful, rarely ever caught with her foot in her mouth, and even if she was, she’d talk her way around it like it was entirely normal
for fanfics I don't publish on AO3
“I’ve never had a husband, no” she replied, and he snorted
And every time he did, it torn at him
“What else am I to do? You’re the only obvious choice. Just fit into the role of my significant other to my family and be on your way, even Mycroft agreed to play along”
He smiled “We’ll see about that”
“Not a single case in a week! A week, John! You'd think murders would be more creative!” She punctured each sentence with a groan, breathing in deeply, before launching up, like a string attached to her was pulled taut, and she turned her head to look straight at him
“Hmm” she hummed, a shrug of her shoulders, indifferent to what was a vaguely terrifying experience in his mind
“What made you change your mind? About sex, I mean” he asked after another long moment of silence, and she removed her hand from under his, running a line up and down his chest with her fingers, tracing the line between his abs and pectorals
(See the end of the chapter for
He cleared his throat as he returned to his seat, slightly loosing his tie yet again and looking off to the side “You…you look nice…”
The conversation that followed was filled with loud curses and fake tears on April’s half, and quiet muttered apologies and gentle nudges towards the door on John’s
“Yes, yes, we all know you’re so bloody clever, just try and relax, and no cheating”
“I work out plenty” he said, with a shake of his head “Now, get off Sherlock, I gotta piss” he lied evenly
“Back when I attended the Uni. There was a young man, Victor” her face was one of remembering fond memories, before twisting just as quickly and his heart sunk slightly “It didn’t end well”
She hadn’t spared him a glance, only when he offered his phone, opening her mouth with a simple question.
“You’ve repeatedly glanced my way 4 times every minute for the past half hour” She sighed, straightening in her seat and turning her gaze on him “It’s distracting”
John’s response was a flirtatious smile and calling the waiter down for the check
“It is not something I wish to discuss” she finally replied, her fingers leaving her work to quickly roll down the sleeves of her shirt, fumbling just slightly in her hurry
So from the very first time they worked a case, telling Ms. Hudson that of course they’d be needing two bedrooms, tried to make it as clear to Anglo as possible that a candle was not necessary, and stood a respectful distance away whenever they traveled because it was obvious by the Yarders reaction that Sherlock never brought anyone in tow behind her so him following her meant more than mere acquaintances as they were at the time
Instead Sherlock had merely glanced the man’s way after he had stumbled over something while leaning just a little too close to her for John’s comfort
Mycroft’s lips curled up slightly
“People are often threatened by genius, John”
“Oh. Right.” John said back, “H-how” He cleared his throat “How long have you known her? Sherlock, I mean”
The hand that twitched and would end lives, for himself, for England, and most importantly, for HER
She kept her eyes on the DI, deducing his past week –divorce papers filed but not yet sighed, slept in his office the past four days, nicked himself shaving when twitching with too much coffee, here to avoid the pile of cases on his desk- in an attempt to distract herself from John’s face, the pinching of the bridge of his nose between his fingers, the furrowing of his eyebrows, the subtle shaking of his head
“Did Sherlock—” Greg had to ask.
Sherlock picked the phone back up in a daze, his eyes never leaving the body on the bed. “John, I may need to call you back…” he said, his voice almost trancelike as he registered the situation more fully.
of us, every couple of weeks just to make sure everything is normal, that we’re doing everything right. And he has me there with him all the time. Everything has been
“Well you were… they had you… captured. Mycroft had no idea where you were. They could have killed you!” John raised his voice.
Just John…everything okay? I was worried when you weren’t at school today and I didn’t hear from you on the weekend. Just let me know you’re okay.
“It’s fine, just leave that to me.”
know what was going through his mind right now. He sincerely hoped not, at least. Before he could regret it, or before Sherlock could deduce anything, he leaned forward and grabbed Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him. Sherlock didn’t have time to react, to pull back, to second guess it. John expected him to stiffen, to panic, to push him away in surprise. But he didn’t even hesitate. His lips were pliable and ready, and he sighed from deep in his chest in satisfaction. As if he’d been waiting for it to happen, wanting it to happen just as much. John had not expected that. He finally pulled back just enough to see Sherlock’s face, still holding it gently in his hands.
He was lost.
“Yes, you did.” John smiles back at him. It feels like a perfect moment. It’s the first time in a long time, that John really thinks being around other people might not be such a terrible thing. “Shall we go again?” he asks.
“I suspect it very much
Lestrade had decided to leave Sherlock there for the moment, pacing wildly, while they took in the crime scene. Some poor officer-in-training had been left standing beside him, ensuring Sherlock didn’t take the bolt – which he was prone to do without warning. The look of sheer concentration and fear on the young officer’s face would have made John laugh if it hadn’t been so very far from funny. The last time Sherlock looked this frantic and had shut down from John like this, it had ended very badly in a fall from grace that John wanted no repeat of. Now, they had finally managed to get back on track – better than on track – because now they were so much more than they had ever been back then, and yet, John couldn’t shake the beginnings of dread in the pit of his stomach.
John cleared the doorway with his crutches, and Sherlock closed the door quietly behind him.
I might
Without even looking at Sherlock, he heads straight for the door. Sherlock feels almost as if he’s been slapped in the face. This is not quite the reaction he had expected. It takes him a second to think before he leaps out of the chair.
John stilled, beginning to focus more on Greg’s story, a little nervous about where it would go. Greg’s voice had become more serious.
The question lingered in the air as Greg came bursting through the door, making a dramatic example of how out of breath he was, throwing Mycroft a frustrated look for leaving him behind, before flopping onto the couch to catch his breath.
“Well, I don’t know about that,” Sherlock blushed, regretting offering.
we… just friends?”
Mycroft looked him up and down, silently.
“But—”
a location, entering it all here in the main system.”
“Oh right, down in Salisbury?” Greg checked. The conversation was enough to let John’s blood pressure settle a little in the meantime.
John raises a surprised eyebrow, glad Sherlock can’t see him at the moment. “You… you came right here from the tour?” A warm feeling fills his stomach.
“It would not be as much as you make now, but it would be a regular salary. And if you wanted to tour a bit, we could fill your place temporarily in your absence.”
Everything else has been fine.”
“John you know I didn’t… you know why I—”
you’re talking about? It’s not about money or looks,” Sherlock couldn’t believe John was feeling the same. “You are incredibly smart, by the way. And while I’m a genius, obviously…”
. So, his brother paid for a scholarship for me to stay here. Fees and board, the whole lot.”
. I’m counting the days till he’s finished. Compulsory schooling has a lot to answer for,” Sherlock sneered but John noted something else in his tone, something that didn’t ring true. Was he really going to be glad to see James go?
-----
a favour,” Mike reassured him.
“No Sherlock, you left
them. It’s okay,” he continued, calming down again.
Sure enough, there is his photograph – so many photographs, in fact. Beautiful pictures of the man he has spent the morning with, lit up magnificently on stage, holding a violin. John clicks on a YouTube link and watches as the stunning music rings out through his mediocre laptop speakers. The man is more than just a violinist, he is evidently an
You’re doing fine
It was unfair, as they had shared some lovely moments on the bus, travelling to the host school, and early in the game before they started losing. Sherlock and John were able to just enjoy each other’s company, sitting together, feeling the heat between them, and sharing glances, commenting on the other team. They were laughing. They were happy. Things were okay between them. It was really great. So great that it was starting to make John’s heart ache a bit. He didn’t know how he was ever going to say goodbye to Sherlock. He
“Hey. I won’t leave without telling you, okay?” he reassured him.
She always seemed to dress as if she was in a hurry, or didn’t care what her ensemble looked like. It was charming in a way, and annoying in another. But Sherlock supposed that when you worked with dead people, no-one really minded what you were wearing. Molly had been a steadfast part of their lives for years now. It never got old watching her fumble and blush around him. Sometimes he used it to his advantage. He knew he should feel guilty, but he didn’t. John often scolded him for it. She did it less often since the incident on the phone. The understanding between them that the “I love you” was nothing beyond friendship, was cleared up, and Molly had gone back to being “just Molly”. This was the first time since then, that they had been alone without John, just standing in a room together. But Sherlock suddenly realised he didn’t know how to make good conversation with Molly. That was always John’s area.
John let out a shuddering breath, finally allowing himself to accept it. “Thank you,” he choked out, as the tears started to flow. He wasn’t sure how long they stood there like that, but at some point, he felt moisture hit his neck and realised that Sherlock was also crying. After what felt like hours, which of course was only minutes, the embrace relaxed slightly, their breathing returned to normal and they finally released the tension in their arms. Not wanting to let go, they kept their arms loosely around each other, as they stared. John could not get enough of Sherlock, and it seemed Sherlock felt the same.
the idiot then,” John said, depressed.
“You got one of those Mary Poppins bags then?” Greg mused from the bed, dressed now and waiting.
John lets out a sigh and falls back onto the couch off Sherlock’s lap, his hand rubbing his face in frustration, letting out a loud groan.
. John doesn’t want me there. You said it yourself.” Even saying it aloud hurt more than he wanted to admit. Letting the words come out of his throat felt like razors cutting through on their way out to the open air.
___________________
, he tells himself.
“Yes, quite so. Everyone
"They can, yes, but—" Molly started, but got cut off by John.
“I question it, because… well, no one’s ever favoured me before,” Sherlock said simply. The truth hurt a little bit.
“It’s not your fault,” Greg added gently.
Sherlock’s left hand and wrist were bandaged up, his left leg in a cast from his foot to above his knee, his right ankle in another but shorter. Underneath the blanket, bruises in all colours of the rainbow were splayed across his chest. Normally, the sight of his partially bare chest, his beautiful skin, would send John’s pulse into overdrive, but not this time. This time it made him enraged. He knew Sherlock’s back was also sliced open from whippings and had been dressed. It must hurt him to be lying on that; every few hours, the staff turned him to the side to help keep his lungs open, to keep pressure off the welts, and to tend to the wounds on his back when necessary. Almost every part of his body was covered in some sort of bruise or cut, and it burned through John to see Sherlock laid out this way.
“I don’t know Sherlock. I honestly don’t know,” John said, reaching over and placing a hand on Sherlock’s thigh in support. He looked so tired. “It’s all sort of circumstantial at the moment. I’m more worried that you can’t remember enough to help yourself, if I’m honest.”
“Oh, come on John, even
“Uh… yes. I’m on a break from touring,” Sherlock had said. “Things got a bit… well I just needed a break…” His voice had drifted off a bit then, and he didn’t clarify the thought any further.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but John silenced him with a stern look.
“This…” he said as he passed the first piece of paper to Greg, “is Elena Rutkowski. Technology was her super-power; began as a hacker in her teen years in St Petersburg. Formerly KGB, defected to the UK five years ago.”
He fumbles to open the case, his fingers not quite following the demands of his brain. Sherlock feels the anger resurface, the annoyance that a task he does every day now seems beyond him. Finally, he lifts the instrument, sliding it under his chin with gentle affection, letting out a sigh as he feels the comfort of the wood under his fingertips. The first notes sound scratchy, his fingers unstable initially, but Sherlock soon finds the song, the beautiful flourishes of Bach soon surrounding him like an old friend.
“I know. I’m sorry. This is what happens. This is why I don’t make friends, or get into relationships,” John said, shaking his head in frustration. He was so calm and matter-of-fact about it that it rubbed Sherlock the wrong way.
“Is that so?” Mycroft said to John with great interest, ignoring his brother, and John nodded, desperately trying to swallow fast enough to say his own piece.
Thursday 5:24pm
John dropped the phone behind him, onto the floor without bothering to hang it up.
“Okay, okay,” John smirks, “I get it. It will remain a mystery. I get it.”
“It’s fine, John.” Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment.
“Oh god,” John sighed, putting his head into his hand. “Shit. It’s not helping, I
Sherlock’s heart ached. John was trying to protect him. He wasn’t worth this much effort but the gesture was sweet.
John rushed to the side of the room and grabbed the phone off the floor. “Uh, hey!” he called out, the boy stopping at the door to look back.
