The sudden strength of his heart beating in his chest again and the feeling of his blood rushing in its normal speed made him double over almost immediately, his eyes watering as he dry-heaved with his hand on his chest, and he felt Joel pat his back in the most sympathetic way he could- which wasn’t that sympathetic at all- and describe how that was a ‘typical reaction’ when a soul was forced back into its body by him. The fact certainly didn’t help him out any, no matter how much Joel must have thought it did, and he heard anxious footsteps rush towards him with a frantic voice trailing just behind them.
.” Dean seethed in response, teetering dangerously close to saying ‘fuck it’ and charging at the man without giving a damn about the consequences.
The car came to a stop before Dean could feel it slow down, a few feet away from the lake they had located the night before and nestled behind a cluster of oak trees, and Sam was the first one to step out of it after taking the key out of its ignition and unlocking the doors. Joel followed, wasting no time to share in Dean’s dissociation and walking with Sam towards the mouth of the river, and the two left Dean to sit in his seat and stare at their backs as Sam walked closer towards the water and Joel handed him that worn down duffel bag.
As much as neither one of them wanted to say it, living like normal people was like pulling teeth. It was uncomfortable to be something less than a hunter but more than a normal person, going through each day knowing there was something greater in the world but being powerless to stop it.  But it was their life, at least for now it was, and they had to make the most of it today.
“Listen man, I get that you might be happy about your… fruitful sex life, but for future reference- please don’t tell strangers you meet in hotel elevators about it. I don’t even know your damn name, creep.”
It was 3 in the morning, rain was pouring endlessly against old motel windows that barely withstood the thick autumn wind that blew against them, and Dean hadn’t slept for the past week and a half.
Sam checked out of the hotel while Dean waited outside, and was still as red as a beet when he finally walked out through the front door. Dean couldn’t help but snicker just a bit as they both walked onto the lot and back towards the Impala, hearing Sam grumble various profanities under his breath and keep his eyes ahead. He hadn’t noticed until his brother’s hand was on the passenger’s door handle that the red pickup truck Sam had originally been driving in was nowhere in sight, and he swiveled his head back and forth in search of it until he realized that it wasn’t there at all. Much more alarmingly, Sam was acting like it didn’t matter, which was new for the man who Dean was convinced had to have been a constantly worried old grandmother back in a past life. “Uh… Sam?”
“Now, for future reference-” Tommy began, clinking and clanking around the room as she grabbed a heavy mason jar filled with bones from the shelf and a piping hot iron spike from the radiator. “-I can’t change the future or the past, I can’t ‘magically astral project’ you anywhere, and I can’t contact the dead, either.” Dean almost laughed at the irony of it all, but chose not to as he watched her sit back down with her items in tow. “All I can do is point you in the right direction with the limited materials that I have and tell you whether or not it’s going to end badly. Capiche?”
“Tell me what you need, and I’ll tell you where to meet me.” Sam interrupted. “I don’t care where, or what, or why, or how, or anything about the bullshit you say you should and shouldn’t do. You’re my brother, Dean.”
“Well, remember when you said you had your little handy dandy list of angels?” He finally said, veering onto the road and rushing to follow after the now certain angel.
?” Sam sputtered, immediately standing up to get a beer for himself. Dean should have warned him beforehand that there was no way he could have handled this sober.
But before long, Dean felt the night air cling to his back like a blanket, and he could tell that they had spent a lot more time just sitting together on that park bench than they had originally intended to.
Ephraim turned to Dean, arms outstretched amongst leagues of eerily smiling faces as a God would pose amongst his disciples, and openly welcomed him into a promised darkness he would not be able to escape from.
“Can we even trust a ‘medium’ that owns a holistic store in the middle of nowhere?” He gestured around. “We’ve already encountered our fair share of frauds, you know.”
The archangel put a hand in the air as a way to tell Sam to be quiet, though his hands were still subtly shaking at the aftermath of him reliving the memory, and tried to bring himself back under a composure that Dean could tell was ‘normal’ for him. While he was silent, Maryanne took the time to speak in his stead.
“He took the place of Azrael when Metatron induced the fall of the angels.” Elena massaged the bridge of her nose with exasperation, obviously not anticipating to either see or talk to Joel. “He serves- or rather, is supposed to serve- as the angel of Death under the place of his brother.”
one last time to get through the day. He hadn’t lived since he had died, and Dean would do anything it took just to be able to smile again. To be able to feel the air enter his lungs with each breath he took and see color in places that had become devoid of it. That included jumping into Hell, flying into Heaven, or floating in The Empty- and that included taking impossible risks, too.
Dean didn’t answer Sam’s rhetorical questions, chewing at his bottom lip as he impatiently waited for the stoplight to change, and pointed to the brown backpack that sat at his brother’s feet. “What did you say his name was again? The- the last one?”
It was all he seemed to be able to do for their relationship at this point, cause rifts, and tears, and cracks and breaks, but he didn’t know how to fix what had been damaged- or protect what was still in a halfway decent condition. So he chose not to say anything, anymore, until Sam initiated a new conversation over a half hour later.
He flipped his brother off, knowing better than anyone that he was right but still angry nonetheless, and closed the door with an irritated grunt.
“That’s right, it’s not going to do shit.” Dean took his response as an answer to his question and gave a gruff nod, too angry to stop talking but cringing at how his voice was beginning to crack and crumble the more he spoke. “So I’m sorry if I don’t want to hear your apologies, or if I’m more snarky than you fucking want me to be, Cas. Unlike you, I kinda liked how I was before. Before I was-”
Joel clicked his tongue and prepared to make his equally catty response, but Sam cut him off in favor of turning to his jilted brother and giving him a puzzled once-over. “You good, bro? You slammed your head a little hard over there.”
that he couldn’t even take the time to appreciate the family he had left. Living was like a double edged sword at this point, too afraid to stop thinking about
A small smile crept up on Dean’s face as he held the box in his hands, and Castiel made his way back over to his side like he belonged there. “Would you like to go eat? There’s a small park up ahead, it has an excellent view of the… forestry.”
He didn't take the time to let his sentence sink in before he stood up and clasped his hands together, an action that made Dean feel wary in the worst way, and when he finally chose to pay attention to the look on the man's face, the question Dean had was obvious. What was he trying to say?
The scent of spring and freshly cut grass was floating through the air like an easy dream, and if Dean squinted hard enough, he could almost see the morning horizon. Or imagine he could, at least.
There they were. Sam, and Mary- and a man fully dressed in grey, unrecognizable with his back turned to the window but still familiar with his short auburn hair and freckled white neck as he tossed a matchbox up and down in the air. They were waving at him, with the exception of the stranger in grey, their own versions of beckoning smiles tucked between their lips and their eyes beaming with the recognition of the man who stood a distance from the Victorian-styled brick walls, and eagerly they told him to ‘Come Closer’ and to ‘Not be afraid’ of crossing the invisible line that divided them.
With the twitching of his nose, Dean almost brought to light that just because he was living in a dead body didn’t make the idea of him ripping his own heart out of his chest any less gruesome, but he thought better of it just in the nick of time and turned back to the front of the car. “Alright then,” he heaved. “All we need now is the Reaper-”
Without another word or another second, Elena disappeared in a fit of fog, leaving both Dean and Joel without the time to answer, and Joel was left to do the last of the damage control as he put a thumb to Dean’s forehead and sent him reeling back into his body with a feather soft push.
“It would have been if Maryanne were here. She doesn’t like liars.” Joel snorted through a breathy huff, staring off into the water and ignoring Dean’s eyes. “But for me, I don’t really care. I never wanted to get in this fight with Ephraim in the first place, remember?”
“I get that the sun’s almost down, but you couldn’t wait 5 seconds for the coast to be clear? You really need to better your mugging practices, ‘cause-”
Dean kept that thought to himself and instead looked away with a laugh, feeling an unknown emotion sink from his mind and settle into his feet like concrete in the ocean. Castiel was going to give him a heart attack one of these days with how much he made sparks ignite in his bloodstream and fires start in his veins without even having to try too hard, and he was pretty damn positive that Cas was hardly even aware of that fact.
“Even when I realized I could grow my powers here, make it into a home that could fit a personality this big-” Ephraim motioned to himself with a laugh. “-I knew that there was no replacing Earth. There was no replacing the people, and their laughter, and the way they were all so easy to cleanse of their sins. Up there, they knew me, acknowledged me as the true God I am, and the women couldn’t get
The dolls closest to Dean clattered on top of each other, scattering onto the floor and nearly making him jump out of his skin when one’s severed head tapped his foot. There was a rustling of beads as a slim, tired looking woman eased out of the back room with puffs of smoke following close behind, her slick black hair tied loosely into a bun and her plump lips glazed with a sparking purple lip gloss that shimmered against the low lights around her. If she was the shop’s owner, she sure as hell didn’t look it, and her brown, fox-like eyes and shallow, toothy smile added an entirely new depth to the word unsettling as she leaned against the display counter and nodded with acknowledgement.
Two of those questions were never answered, but the third had a resoundingly loud explanation as the panicked screams of Sam and Mary consumed the motionless sound in the street, the two of them catching ablaze as sparks of fire climbed up their clothes and sank its burning teeth in their flesh. They were burning, like logs of dry wood, and smoke blasted through the upstairs windows as the now amplified sounds of their pleading shrieks rang out through the air. Dean still didn’t- couldn’t- move, his cries of advice going nowhere further than the inside of his mouth, and his teeth ground in his jaw as he tried and failed to just close his eyes and keep them that way.
“Respectfully,” Dean swatted his hand away and grabbed the bag from the counter, already on edge from the eerie familiarity the man gave. “I don’t take advice from strangers. Especially not ones who smell like stale Jolly Ranchers.”
Dean chuckled, biting his knuckles, tensing his body and resting his head against the wall. “Not this time, Sammy.”
“Well, I didn’t think you’d have a rental of all things. You’re such a cheapskate, I just assumed… you know, that you’d adopt the ‘rebel with a cause’ look completely. You’ve already got the Rambo hair, all it would take is a gun and a personality change.”
“You’ve become a little Casanova ever since you lost your Grace, huh?” Dean, ignoring the way his heart was thumping in his throat, followed suit and hopped from the park bench, wobbling a bit as he stood up but feeling oddly proud at how he didn’t need assistance.
“Oh, hell no.” Sam laughed, leaning against the car and crossing his arms. “That shack has a car door handle on its front door instead of a doorknob. That’s peak serial killer shit. I’ll just stay out here while you go in there, and… you know-”
They transitioned to a much lighter subject- dreams- and kept it there until they finally reached their destination, talking about ones they didn’t remember, ones that constantly seemed to make their ways into their minds, and one particular nightmare about an otherwise innocent looking Ronald McDonald commercial. Soon enough, they had finally made it to the mouth of the ominous forest and right to the ‘holistic store’, parking on the dulled gravel that sat a small distance away from the building and exchanging one last look of uncertainty before unbuckling their seatbelts and stepping out of the car.
“And what are you sorry for?” Ephraim egged on, drawing out the conversation and wasting time his guest wasn’t entirely sure he had. “Killing me? Erasing the hold I had on my people? Damning the world to suffer despite my attempts at kickstarting its salvation?”
The first powder- calcite, Dean now recognized it as-  was finally down on the ground, shaken loosely on gravel by the water, and Sam popped open the second jar as Joel continued on in his explanation.
“Oh fuck no, not even if you paid me. I stopped doing that decades ago, because I knew you humans were beyond salvation.” His voice had a joking air even despite his wrinkled brows and thinly-pressed lips, and Joel kept his eyes forward for a reason that Dean knew wasn’t good. “I’m just here to ask you what your plan is, and if you’re going to go through with it.”
“Heh.” Joel exhaled a breathy chuckle, leaning back with his hands on the bike rack and staring up at the darkened sky. “Turns out you and I are a lot more alike than we care to admit, then.”
An old woman seated next to Dean turned to him with an appalled look on her face, still holding her hot cup of coffee in her hand, and gasped when she was met with a sharp glare from him. He easily tended to forgot that discussing the idea of ‘meeting a grim reaper’ wasn’t really a conversation topic to be had in a public space, but it still pissed him off whenever he attracted the unwanted and worried looks from strangers who had nothing better to do than eavesdrop on conversations.
“I invited myself. I deserve at least a little something for my part in this-” Joel’s voice got low, low enough to escape Sam’s earshot but yet loud enough to still be heard by Dean.  “Especially since you’ve decided to renege on our original deal.”
Walking out of the bathroom and flashing Sam a thumbs-up, he grabbed his duffel bag from the doorway and was the first to walk out of the hotel room, Sam hot on his heels as he closed the door behind them and followed him out to the elevator. The medium was around 20 minutes away, in a small and secluded shop that stood just on the outskirts of Talona Mountain, and usually had little to no customers- as indicated by the incredibly lackluster user reviews that were on Google Maps. For a second, Dean doubted that the store was even open based on the picture alone, but when Sam was quick to validate it, he changed his mind. It still didn’t stop him from pointing out how sketchy it looked as they rode the elevator down to the lobby, though.
Finally, he turned from Dean and back to his cashier, tossing her a dubiously strained smile and snatching his credit card from his back pocket. “Absolutely.”
Ephraim shrugged. “Joel has played mortal for too long. He knows little of the power I can possess.”
The two of them looked at each other with an uneasy glance, but agreed to Tommy’s terms anyway as Sam went to grab the herbs, powders and oils and Dean stayed to listen to whatever the woman had to say.  He expected her to say something else about their journey, light and easygoing- but the minute Sam left, Tommy’s otherwise carefree attitude melted into one of a forlorn darkness that made the hairs on the nape of Dean’s neck stand.
Taking the book out from his inseam pocket and holding it in the air, he flipped it open to the page on The Empty and set it down on the counter with a plain look, assessing her every move that followed. If she was a hack, she’d show her true colors once she read the elements on the list- and if she wasn’t, they’d get what they wanted from her and go about their merry way with a brand new objective. It was better to just get the information out of the way immediately instead of waste time with long-winded explanations in a room people were most definitely murdered in at one point.
Almost instantly Dean could see that the two had a certain chemistry about them that was unexplainable, one that engulfed the entire room in a feeling that smelt like warm apple pie and enveloped everything in a soft and fuzzy embrace that got more and more comforting the longer the two brothers stood idly in the room. It wasn’t hot- like the burning feeling of lust between two lovestruck teenagers- but it wasn’t cold either, like a love that had fizzled out years ago. It just felt
Before Dean could make a move to rescue the old man from his potential mugger, he was blown back by a sudden gust of wind and left to stand helplessly behind him, squinting his eyes at the bright flash of burning white light that now radiated from the otherwise dark street and hearing a petrified scream come from the inside of the alleyway. At most, Dean could see multiple wings protruding from the man’s stomach reflected by shadows on the sides of the wall, but that was it- and he was frozen in his place until the light faded and the scene returned to near normal, with the mugger now stumbled over into the Waste Management dumpster that he once stood in front of.
which was a fact that was both terrifying and exhilarating. Entangled in each other’s arms like dry tree branches, into The Empty they went, falling down, down and even further down until they reached the bottom after an eternity of watching their souls break and reform in the air like a morbid sort of starry night.
“Ta-dah!” Castiel shoved a warm box into Dean’s stomach, and the refreshing smell of blueberry pie floated up his nose and hit him like a freight truck.
“Popular is the wrong terminology.” Elena snubbed, clenching her fists at her sides with a scowl of pure disgust. “Your abandonment of your duty and 50 year disappearance has made you infamous amongst the Reapers whose workload you increased.”
Rushing across the street and throwing the now cold box of pie onto Sam’s lap through the window, Dean hopped over the hood of the car and nestled into the driver’s seat with the fury of a man who had just witnessed a murder. In a way, he had, but Dean wasn’t one to look at things metaphorically. “Jesus, Dean, what’s going on? What happened?” Sam jumped up and turned to his brother with a concerned stare, watching curiously as Dean tousled his hair, put the key in the ignition and tried to figure out a way to explain what he had seen.
There was another laugh, one so symphonic, long and alluring that it made Dean’s heart turn into melted butter and his legs feel like Jello, and he couldn’t help but blush at the refreshing sound of it ringing in his ears. Castiel didn’t laugh often, but when he did it was breathtaking- and Dean wasn’t used to being breathless all day. Slowly, though, that fact was changing, and Castiel being his boyfriend was the leading cause for it.
“You told me not to be, so I’m not.” He said pointedly, though he still wore the truth on his face. Sam liked to know things, he liked to be a part of them- but he couldn’t, this time. Dean couldn’t
“Yes, it’s pie. Your favorite. I also got hamburgers.” Cas paused for a while. “I wanted to surprise you with something you’d actually enjoy, since the ceramics apparently had little effect.”
“Have you ever, while you were away, considered the possibility that… maybe Cas wouldn’t want you to try at all?”
“Tell me something, Dean.” Dean snapped his attention back to the woman in the bed as soon as she asked and nodded in her direction, her sudden command taking both him, Sam and the still thankfully quiet Joel by surprise.
“I have no intentions to die just yet.” Joel answered her first question easily. “And Dean, care to explain?”
“What if I told you I’d come back?” Joel piped up, the sound of his provocation instantly making the Reaper’s ears perk up as she whipped around to face him. It was a relief, honestly- because Dean wouldn’t have been able to think of any other way to convince her that didn’t involve prematurely serving his life up on a platter.
“It’s whatever, Dean. Just drop it.” Sam interjected. “How… How was you two’s day together?” The question sounded less like he was genuinely curious and more like he just wanted to change the subject before things got ugly, and Dean felt his jaw clench as he reluctantly let the topic drop.
“Luckily, that flawless logic of yours checks out- I might be able to help you find what you need.” She joked. With quick, excited steps, she guided them to the back room’s doorway and lifted the beads out of the way, gesturing to the table that sat inside of it with a polite sway of her hand. “Come on in, Mr Winchesters. We have work to do.”
Dean shook his head with a smile and turned to Castiel, looking in his direction with his usual coy smirk and raised eyebrows. “I could never be tired of you, do you know that?”
Cas puffed, but snatched one of Dean’s hands and led him to the park’s entrance, finding a small park bench by an old oak tree and directing him to the seat. The two ate their lunch and made idle conversation in the meantime, relishing in the moment of just being alone, and peace floated around in the atmosphere as relaxed and serene as an old love song.
Dean searched the location of the diner up on his phone, just as he said he would, and drove to the southern restaurant in a matter of minutes. He didn’t know how Sam would react when he finally saw him again, or how he’d feel when he heard the dryness of his voice, but he wouldn't blame his little brother if he hated him now— because he’d feel the same way if he was in Sam’s shoes. Out of nowhere Dean had disappeared for months, without leaving so much as a note, and only called back when he ‘needed’ him. It was enough to piss anyone off, and just the mental image of Sam’s look of disgust whenever he walked into the diner was realistic enough to make Dean’s palms break into a cold and clammy sweat. There was no excuse for what he did, how he
“I don’t need to talk, dammit!” He was getting too excited, too angry, too everything, and it showed in the way he yelled into the phone. “I just… I need to do this. I’m going to do this. I don’t have a choice.”
“Dean.” Sam sounded surprised to see his brother when he opened his eyes. “How long have you been here?”
“Just go. Leave me alone.” Castiel insisted, and Gabriel sighed, taking Charlie's hand away from his brother. “Let's give him some time.”
“Not everybody is a toy for you to play with, kitten. Besides, judging by the state of Cassie’s neck, I think Dean-o here already had his fill. Good for you, brother, was about time.” Gabriel grinned at Castiel, whose face immediately turned red.
“You don't have to... Cas. Angel.” Dean says warmly, sitting up in the bathtub and raising his hands to cup Castiel's face. “You don't have to be sorry. I'm here. I'm alive. We'll be fine.” He says, holding eye contact as he wipes his thumbs under Castiel's eyes.
Even though Dean really wanted to see Castiel again, he couldn’t leave without checking in with Sam first. He knocked on Sam’s door and entered the room without waiting for an answer, only to find Sam sprawled out on his bed, talking on the phone.
Every other person would have made Dean uncomfortable , staring at him so intensely. Not Castiel though. Dean held the eye contact and found himself admiring how blue the other man’s eyes were. There was no denying that Castiel was an attractive man and Dean had to force himself to look away in order to remember the conversation they were having.
A cold chill ran down Castiel's spine as he realized what the white object was that Cain had stabbed himself with. It was the broken off and sharpened end of a plastic fork. The same fork that they gave to the prisoners in their meals.
“The sole advantage of having rich parents that feel bad for giving me away. They made a huge donation and made this possible for me. Don’t mention it in front of Gabriel though, he is still pissed that he didn’t get a second floor.” Castiel said with a modest smile, offering Dean one of the soda cans he was holding. “Thanks.” Dean took it with a smile and looked around the kitchen, sipping at his soda as he did not know what to reply.
Nobody said anything as Castiel cried. Nobody said anything as his dark wings appeared behind him, drooping and dull as Castiel no longer had the energy to use his gift to make the feathers shine. Nobody said anything when Castiel's body finally grew too heavy for Charlie and he slid to the floor, unable to keep himself up.
“Alright then.” Dean smiled and slowly got out of bed, hard muscles moving under smooth skin as Dean stretched. The morning sun accentuated the freckles that were scattered across his chest and shoulders, and Castiel wondered how he had not noticed them before.
“Spit it out, Kevin.” Castiel said with a smile, it was quite obvious to him what the boy had on his mind. “Sorry, Cas. I was just wondering if you already found out what Dean’s gift is? Sam seems to confirm all the rumors, he is quite strong and now I’m just really wondering what his older brother can do.”
. Hell, Dean himself wasn’t even sure what he felt, he just knew he felt something and that he had major problems putting it in words.
“Yes. The cells. They were built two years ago. They are like a small, high-tech prison that can hold up to four people at a time.” Dean nodded slowly and waited for further explanation as they walked down the hallway towards the exit.
The thought crossed his mind just as Castiel gripped the hand that had dropped to Dean’s side. “Dean, please.” It was nothing more than a moan, deep and desperate, and it sent another wave of want straight into Dean’s groin. Castiel’s eyes were blown wide with lust and a quick glance to the bulge in his crotch assured Dean that Castiel was just as turned on by this as he was himself.
Sam had not planned to kill Dean right away, but it never hurt to have a plan and if he just used enough force, surely he would be able to ram the scissors into his older brother's main artery. They had been sharp enough to cut through his shirt like butter. What? No. It was the first reluctant thought he had. He did not want to kill Dean. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” He mumbled to himself and reached under his pillow, ready to put the scissors back where he found them but froze as the door opened, hand wrapped around the scissors, hidden under his pillow. Maybe, if Dean came close enough, he would be able to do it right away. No. He couldn't will himself to let go though, only relaxing momentarily when he realized that Meg was alone.
“Yes.” He said nervously but firmly, looking at Dean’s face, smiling at the way it lit up when he said it.
He hated his full name. His father was the only one that had ever used it, only when he was drunk and angry.
The feathers of Castiel’s wings rustled again as he pulled them closer to his body as an involuntary response to the question. Not once in 28 years had anyone touched his wings. They were extremely sensitive and in a way Castiel felt that letting Dean touch them would be more intimate than even the sex they’d had earlier. At the same time he trusted Dean to be gentle and a small part of him had even hoped Dean would want to touch them.
“They are quite cool once you get to know them.” Dean laughed at Castiel’s words and took his hand again, this time above the table. “You have to say that, he’s your brother.” Castiel smiled and shook his head, watching as Dean’s thumb circled the back of his hand. “No, they really are, they’d do everything for me. Meg once broke a guy’s arm because he laughed at my -” Castiel stopped, suddenly avoiding eye contact and pulling his hand out of Dean’s grip.
Neither Meg, nor Gabriel stopped what they were doing, even after Cas and Dean had found a new table.
Dean lifted his head to meet Castiel’s kiss and reached up to place one hand on Castiel’s cheek. “Can I see them again?” He asked, looking Castiel in the eyes, knowing Castiel would know what he was talking about. And Castiel did know. He sat up straight in front of Dean, placing his palms on the floor, letting his energy run into the floor, doing nothing. Slowly, almost majestically his wings unfolded behind his back, casting a shadow onto Dean who was watching wide eyed. “Cas.” Dean said, sitting up too, looking at the dense, black feathers. They weren’t totally black right now though, they were breaking the sunlight and shimmering in all colors of the rainbow. Specks of colorful light danced on the wall behind Castiel’s back as he moved, stretching his wings to their full, impressive size. “You’re beautiful.” Dean breathed, reaching out one hand to touch the soft feathers. This time, Castiel didn’t shy away. On the contrary, he moved his wings towards Dean’s hand, meeting his touch eagerly. Both men breathed in audibly at the sensation rushing through them. It was just like it had been the last time, and at the same time it was entirely different. Where there had been lust and want the last time, this time they felt joy and happiness. Dean smiled widely at Castiel before kissing him deeply, overwhelmed by the sudden light-headedness he felt. Castiel kissed back full heartedly, wrapping his arms around Dean.
Luckily, Dean found his toothbrush and toothpaste in the bathroom. He took the time to brush the disgusting taste out of his mouth. He was still not feeling at his best, but at least now he did not feel gross anymore.
Now he was mentor for the older brother, who had not shown any signs of a gift yet. He couldn’t help but notice how attractive the other man was, and again, he cursed Chuck for giving him this task. Castiel had already been nervous to begin with, but now he was full on terrified of embarrassing himself.
Castiel almost gave in, but then only smiled at Dean, slowly shaking his head. “As inviting as that looks, we should have breakfast. How do you feel about bacon and pancakes?” Castiel said, feeling like something special was appropriate, to maybe help Dean forgive the events of the evening before. The way Dean’s face lit up as he nodded eagerly showed Castiel that he had made the right call. “Good. Bacon and pancakes it is then. I’ll just quickly take a shower and then get started in the kitchen. Feel free to look around the apartment.”
Dean eased down Castiel's length slowly, slower than both he and Cas wanted, but he did gain anything from hurting himself. Castiel's hands gripped Dean's hips, hard enough to bruise as the older man struggled to hold still, trying to give Dean the time he needed. Both of them let out a choked gasp as Dean's ass finally hit Castiel's thighs. Dean stilled for a moment, getting used to the stretch and the fullness and Castiel tried, but failed not to squirm beneath him. Dean ran his hands along Castiel's torso, touching, feeling the incredible man beneath him. Dean moaned deeply and rolled his hips once, watching Castiel's face as he teased him.
Sam simply did as he was told, he had no idea what was going on, but he knew his brother well enough to know that this was serious. He kept his eyes glued to the floor as he was dragged along the corridor. He did not see the man that stepped in front of him until it was too late and he had already bumped into him. “Sam, no!” Dean's shout came too late, he looked up into the face of a stranger. The man had dark hair and apart from his unnaturally fair skin, there was nothing special about his appearance. His smile could have seemed friendly if it hadn't been for the cruel look in his eyes. It wasn't until those eyes flashed yellow that Sam realized his mistake. “You are mine now, Samuel.” The man’s voice was cold and ran shivers down Sam's spine. “Why don’t you come with me? We’re gonna have so much fun together.” Sam did not want to, it was the last thing he wanted to do but he couldn't help himself. His feet followed the man's orders before his mind could decide not to.
They took their showers separately after realizing this shower was too small to fit both of them without constantly rubbing against each other. It wasn't that they didn't like the idea of that, on the contrary, they knew if they wanted to actually leave to get food they would have to keep their hands to themselves. Dean, who had showered first and was already dressed sat on the bed, shamelessly watched as Castiel picked up his clothes and put them on. “Enjoying the show?” Castiel said, purposefully lowering his voice and locking eyes with Dean as he buttoned up his pants.
“Wait, what?” Dean asked incredulously, unsure how Castiel came to this conclusion. He jogged after Castiel, barely keeping up with him without having to run.
The silence that followed was deafening. Dean felt his own quickening heartbeat as Chuck kept looking at him, seemingly staring right into his soul. When he finally spoke up, Dean needed a moment to understand what he was saying.
“Do you need anything?” It's a simple question, but Castiel somehow manages to express so much emotion with it. Dean feels how glad Cas is that he is back. Cas would do anything to keep him happy, to keep him safe. Dean knows that, too.
“What happened?” He says, taking it in both his hands and inspecting the bruised knuckles. Castiel flinches at the touch and pulls his hand from Dean's grip. “Nothing. It's alright.” Dean frowns at that, shaking his hand. “Let me look at it.” He says gently, looking at Castiel. Reluctantly, Cas places his hand back into Dean's, blushing as Dean kisses every bruised knuckle. “I hate to see you in pain.” Dean says, not only talking about the hand, but also Castiel's wings and his overall appearance. He wants nothing more than to help Castiel, and suddenly, with a last kiss to Castiel’s hand, Dean feels a surge of warmth go through his body. It is a feeling similar to his first gift. Only now it doesn’t stay inside of Dean's body, it flows from his hands into Castiel's and Dean watches, fascinated as the bruising and swelling slowly disappear. Castiel grimaces as the bone suddenly pushes itself back into place and sighs in relief when it heals instantly.
“That’s bullshit and you know it. I cant be hurt. I will not rest. I want to see my brother.” Dean was furious. It was obvious, that Cas was lying to him. The man did not have the steadiest face when lying and Dean was not buying one second of it. “Where is he?” Castiel’s smile faltered and he avoided Dean's gaze. “We don't know.”
Castiel himself was painfully hard, watching Dean fall apart under his touch had him leaking precome in no time. He had used his own gift to stimulate himself before, so he knew exactly what Dean was feeling. He kissed Dean again, swallowing the hot sounds falling from Dean's lips. The younger man was trembling with pleasure and Castiel let go of Dean's cock, not wanting to end this too soon. Immediately, Dean's hands unclutched from the sheets and were on Castiel, one hand tugging his hair gently, the other finding Castiel's erection. Castiel moaned filthily at Dean's touch, dark, velvety wings spreading above them as Castiel let his gift take over.
Dean nodded, impressed. “That’s neat. Bet that comes in handy a lot. Why are you still here then, that doesn’t sound like something you have to learn to control?” Kevin smiled and shrugged. “I like it here. It’s peaceful and I can focus on college. After I finished my online diploma, I’ll work on my PhD, then I’ll leave here and become the first Asian American president of the United States.” Kevin said very matter-of-factly and smiled proudly.
“I don’t know.” Castiel said reluctantly, knowing full well that Dean did not like his brother. “I could go with you. To the shift.” Dean offered, looking at Castiel. He had been wondering about the cells ever since Castiel first mentioned them and was dying to learn more about the psychopaths they held. He had a feeling Castiel would not willingly give him much more information than he already had. This could be his chance to satisfy his curiosity. Castiel looked less than thrilled at the idea, and opened his mouth, most likely to say no, but Gabriel was faster. “Great, thanks guys. You gotta be there in half an hour. See you later.” He said and quickly scampered off back to his table, leaving a frowning Castiel and an excited Dean.
“Oh.” Dean could not come up with a better response as he still had trouble believing what was happening. “So… I can fly?” He said, part of him still hoping that this was just a joke and Sam would come in any minute now, laughing and pointing out the hidden camera . Castiel lifted one of the corners of his mouth in what could be described as the first time he smiled since he entered the room.
Even though Gabriel could be a pain in the ass sometimes,  Castiel did not harbor any bad feelings for his brother. He just knew it was best if Gabriel was not unleashed unto humanity.
Castiel shut him up with a kiss, wrapping his arms around Dean who nudged his side in return but didn't move, even when Castiel loosened his grip. Instead he leaned against him, soaking up the much needed physical contact. A month ago Dean would have never allowed himself to have this, would not have admitted how much he needed it. He closed his eyes, head leaning against Castiel's shoulder and before he knew it he drifted off, not really sleeping but not entirely awake either. He was exhausted from the earlier sex, but mostly from being faced with this problem. Worrying so much was mentally tiring. Time passed faster like this and seemingly mere minutes later Castiel nudged him gently, startling him to full consciousness.
“That was great, Sam. Every time you feel your gift trying to work it’s way through you, you have to fight it like you just did.”
“Off to shag his boyfriend. Come on, let's get you out of this room, you don't want to be right next door while your brother is getting laid.” Meg said and approached the bed. Panicked, Sam tightened his grip on the scissors. If he got up she would see them and would want to know what he was doing with them. “I don't think I can get up.” He said quickly, hoping she would not force him to go. She was right, Sam had not liked the sounds coming from his brothers room the night before, but this was more important.
“Some people are just more simple minded than others. I personally have never looked at women that way but still get that everyone is different.” Castiel said and Dean looked at him, wondering what his frown was about then.
“Castiel. Dean. I was wondering when you would come. And just in time for negotiations.” Azazel's voice was smug, and Dean clenched his teeth, eyes trained on his own shoes.
“You're the worst.” Castiel said incredulously, laughing at Dean's lack of manners. “Like a 4 year old.” Dean chose to ignore him in favor of smiling at Alfie who came back out of the kitchen with a tray filled with what looked like Hamburgers. “You're lucky Adam works fast. Suit yourself.” Alfie said and Dean nodded, loading two burgers onto his plate before hesitating for a moment and deciding to add a third. “Thanks, man.” He said and walked to a table with Castiel, sitting across from him.
“Cassie!” Gabriel exclaimed as soon as he saw them, jumping up from his chair and making his way towards them. “Dean.” He added with a short nod towards Dean, stopping in front of them before turning to Castiel. “I’m gonna need you to switch shifts with me.” He said and Dean looked at Cas, unsure what Gabriel was talking about. The frown on Castiel’s face indicated that he knew exactly what Gabriel meant. “Again? Seriously, Gabe. Why don’t you just tell Chuck to stop assigning you to the Cells?” He asked with an exasperated sigh. Gabriel shook his head. “You know he won’t do that. Please?” Gabriel said, looking up at Castiel pleadingly. Cas shook his head and Gabriel’s hopeful smile dropped. “I would, but I can’t this week, as a new mentor I don’t have any shift that we could switch.” Gabriel frowned for a second before smiling brightly, having an idea. “I could take care of that. You go do my shift, I’ll make sure Dean-o here doesn’t spontaneously self-combust.”
Kevin looked at his face, finally tearing his eyes from Dean’s naked chest, suddenly feeling weird for looking at it since there was nothing to see anymore. “It is a bit complicated. Basically, whenever I read or hear a language, any language at all, I can understand it. I can’t speak it myself, I just intuitively know what other people are saying and I can read texts in every language without ever having to learn the language itself.”
Dean is practically vibrating all the way to Sam's apartment. Castiel places a hand on Dean's thigh and feels him relax a bit. “We're here.” The driver says and Dean practically jumps out of the car. It's the middle of the night and the car door disrupts the silence as he slams it shut. It isn't quiet in the street though, not really. Not like it was on the island, after everyone went to bed. There are more people here and even this late at night there is a couple walking, hand in hand. Their hushed voices are carried over to Castiel and for the first time since their departure Castiel fully realizes his situation. He does not have time to dwell on it though as Dean is already ringing the doorbell. Castiel wants to be there when Dean finally sees his brother again.
Also, I updated the warnings. I know I said the tags would be updated as I go, but I feel a little guilty since I knew where this story was headed before I even started writing it. The character death does not happen in this chapter but it will happen eventually, so this is your heads-up.
“Uh. Yeah. Would you mind getting me a shirt from my closet?” He asked, proud of his quick thinking. He could hide the scissors while she was distracted. Meg smiled at him and nodded, turning her back to him as she looked through his closet for a shirt. Quickly and without thinking about it, Sam pulled the scissors from under his pillow and sat up. Ignoring the tearing feeling in his stomach wound, he pulled up his legs and stuffed the scissors in his sock, pulling the leg of his pants to hide them just in time, placing his feet on the floor as Meg turned around.
“Do you want to try watching an actual movie? We could watch The Transporter. Or The Fast and the Furious. Basically anything with cool cars in it. I love cars.” Dean said it with so much enthusiasm that Castiel just had to smile with him. “Sounds good, Dean. Whichever you prefer, I have not seen either of them. The only movies I ever watch are the ones Gabriel and Charlie make me watch with them. They have a pretty similar taste when it comes to movies.”
“You were out a few hours.” Castiel replies, but that's not what Dean asked. Dean knows it, Cas knows it. It's okay though, Dean doesn't really want to talk about it either. So Dean stays silent, reaching up to lock his fingers with Castiel's, smiling when Cas leans down to press a gentle kiss to Dean's hair.
Castiel's head snaps around to look at Dean who has stopped glowing altogether. “Every time? How often did you die?”
Dean frowned at Sam, trying hard not to get annoyed with him for not answering his question right away. “Please just.. Just answer the question. What do you remember about him and most importantly the day he… died.” There, he said it. Dean had never talked to anyone about what had happened that day. The police had ruled it as an accident and he had never corrected them. Nobody knew and even Dean himself had tried his best to forget, but now it had all bubbled up again. He had to know if Sam remembered that he was the one who killed their father – and if so, why he never said anything about it.
Castiel pulled Dean into his arms and they cuddled for a little while before Dean sat up with a reluctant groan. “We should take a shower.” He said, looking at the mess he had made of both their stomachs. Castiel frowned just as reluctantly and pulled Dean to lie back next to him, holding him tighter as he didn't want him to leave. “Later.” He said, pressing his lips against Dean's shoulder.
“Yes, mom.” Dean mumbled to himself as he walked along the corridor, now more excited than ever. He honestly hadn’t thought about it before, but now he couldn’t help but wonder if he’d get lucky tonight. He even considered going back to his room to see if they had also moved the lube and condoms from his bedside drawer into his new room. Before he could come to a decision, he already arrived at Castiel’s room, so he figured he’d just have to wait and see if Castiel would be prepared. Given the other man’s sexual history it wasn’t very likely. Dean was perfectly fine with just watching a movie though, so he knocked shortly before entering, remembering what Castiel had said.
It took Dean forever to change into his regular clothes. A great time he spent in the bathroom he was just starting at his own reflection in the mirror. His hands clutched both sides of the sink tightly as he studied his own face. In the past few hours his whole life had changed drastically.
It was weirdly domestic, standing next to each other in front of the big bathroom mirror, brushing their teeth. Dean liked it though, smiling at Cas’ reflection in the mirror. “You’re so lucky.” He said once they had both rinsed their mouths, looking around the bathroom. It was roomy, much bigger than what Dean was used to. The sink had one of those fancy faucets with a motion sensor and there was a shower and even a separate bathtub, something Dean had never seen before in real life.
“Hm. We should.” Dean replied, lazily stroking through Cas' hair, inhaling the other man's scent as he placed a soft kiss on his shoulder. “You'll have to put on a shirt though, that gorgeous body is for my eyes only.” Dean said as he finally stepped back. He was half joking, half serious but the way Cas' eyes widened at his comment made him blush. He had no right to be acting possessively. Luckily, Castiel didn't care to comment and simply pulled on his shirt that was lying at their feet.
Dean did not wake up again until the next day. He had been injected with a strong sedative and his head was swimming as he gained consciousness for the second time. His stomach did not appreciate him trying to sit up and before he knew it, his head was hanging off the edge of his bed and he was throwing up right onto the dark, wooden floor. He could not stop retching for another minute, even after there was nothing left to throw up and he placed one hand on his bedside table to steady himself. Carefully, as not to upset his stomach again, Dean lay back against the pillows and closed his eyes, trying to force the room to stop spinning.
. Dean didn’t say it, but it was true. Sooner or later Dean would leave and go back to his old life. If they wanted to make the best of what little time they had together, they didn’t have time for miscommunication. Dean was almost certain it was the only reason why they both rushed into this, subconsciously they had always been aware of their special bond and the expiration date of their relationship.
Benny swallowed hard, trying to mentally prepare himself for the sight of Dean's broken body. Then he pushed against the rock and with a lot of effort on his side, managed to roll it off Dean. The movement pushed another gush of blood out of Dean's dead body and Benny had to turn away to keep from gagging. Dean's entire torso was crushed, ribs stuck out of gaping wounds and his shoulder was dislocated, his arm sticking out in an unnatural direction. The other arm had a bone sticking out of it, and much to Benny's dismay, Sam started pushing at it, trying to force it back into place. “I'll help you, Dean. You'll be okay. Don't worry.” The boy continued rambling about it, repeating the same words over and over again, even as more people came. Chuck was the first, followed by Meg and then Garth, who fainted at the horrible sight.
The kiss might have lasted only moments, or maybe hours, Castiel did not know. All he knew was that Dean pulled away way too soon. He pulled away, but not without teasingly nipping at Castiel’s bottom lip one last time. Castiel couldn’t help but feel embarrassed at the little, disappointed noise that slipped his lips. The feeling melted away under Dean’s warm smile and their lips found each other again. It was a short, sweet kiss and this time Castiel smiled back at Dean as they parted. “I think I am ready for that tour now.” Dean sounded as breathless as Castiel felt and he lingered for a moment, standing closely to Castiel before stepping away, still smiling happily.
“Whatever, bitch. I’m just glad you’re learning so quickly. I might have to stay here a while longer.” Dean said, leaning against Sam’s desk. “What do you mean? I thought you wouldn’t have to learn to control your healing ability.” Sam looked confused and a little worried, eliciting a sigh from Dean.
Kicking off his shoes, Castiel assisted Dean in taking off his pants. He huffed out a laugh as Dean pushed him to sit of the bed. “Eager much?” He asked, looking up at Dean who just looked back at him with lust filled eyes. Dean took off his own pants and, never breaking eye contact, straddled Castiel's lap.
Outside, it had started to storm again and bright lightning illuminated the room. The feathers of Castiel’s wings seemed to break the light and for a moment the white walls around them were covered in tiny specks of color, scattered across the walls. Dean was standing so close to Castiel, he easily could have touched the wings, but for some reason he didn’t want to do that without the other man’s permission. Slowly, carefully so as not to accidentally bump against them, Dean walked around Castiel to get a better look at the beautiful wings. The way Castiel shied away from him proved that he had been right not to touch them.
“So you're not angry with me?” Castiel asked and Dean shook his head. “I'm angry at the whole situation, not you specifically.” “But still including me?” Castiel kept pushing, worried Dean's behavior might be about him after all. Dean smiled at that, placing his hands on Castiel's hips and capturing his pouting lips in a chaste kiss. “I am not angry with you. Period.” He said and Castiel smiled relieved, hugging Dean closer and burying his face in the crook of Dean's neck.
“Dean.” Sam started, seeing his brother’s internal struggle. “I’m sure you’ll be fine.” Dean sighed at that and waved a hand at Sam, motioning him to stop talking.
“I can see that.” Gabriel said, looking at Castiel’s hand. “That Dean’s?” He added with a nod to the shirt that Cas was still wearing.
Castiel sighed in defeat. “Fine. You’re right. Wait here.” He said and strode through the cafeteria, disappearing through a door that most likely led to the kitchen. He came back out a few minutes later, carrying two white boxes. “It is our job to bring them their food, make sure to take everything back out of their cells when they are done and then it is time for their shower. We will let them out of their cells one at a time and supervise them so that they don’t get any wrong ideas.” Castiel explained as he arrived back next to Dean and Dean frowned. He didn’t like the though of having to watch someone shower. Castiel reached Dean one of the boxes and a syringe that Dean had not noticed Castiel was carrying. “This is the sedative that we use in case one of them needs to be knocked out quickly. Your safety is the most important thing today so do not hesitate to use it. There are tasers in the cell block, we will equip them before letting them out for shower time.” Dean nodded slowly, suddenly unsure if he really wanted to do this. “I am quite good with my gift, if everything else fails I am very capable of taking them out. You don’t need to worry. They know the rules and it is very unlikely that they act up, they don’t want to lose any of the privileges they are granted.”
“I’m fine, you’re fine, there is no need to be upset.” Sam looked around with a frown, but a quick glance out the window proved that Dean’s attempt to calm Sam down was working. The storm outside ceased and Dean started to relax a little as the temperature went back to normal.
“Where am I? Who are you?” The man’s gaze was intense and Dean had to fight the urge to step back. Dean felt intimidated by the pure power the man seemed to emit. “I’m sure you have a lot of questions but please sit down first. It is in nobody’s interest if you pass out and hurt yourself. Again.” Dean frowned and sat down on his bed reluctantly. If he wanted to have a chance to get out of here any time soon he would have to recover as quickly as possible. He held the man’s gaze and waited for him to start talking. Instead, the man took his time, the door falling closed behind him as he fully stepped into the room. Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding as they finally broke eye contact. “My name is Castiel. I was assigned to mentor you and I am here to answer every question you might have. Right now you are at a facility that helps people like us take control of our powers. You and your brother are safe here. It is not unusual that Sam has had his breakout already so you don’t have to worry about that, he is safe in the next room.”
“Where's Sam?” He asked finally, surprised at how calm his voice sounded. He stood up tall, clenching his jaw as he focused on the single feeling that was bearable.
“You couldn't have known. Nobody could have known. It wasn't your fault.” Dean says as Cas throws his arms around Dean's neck, pulling him closer. It is an awkward hug, Dean being naked and wet, Castiel fully clothed. The edge of the bathtub presses into Dean's stomach uncomfortably and his wet skin is starting to get cold, but he gladly hugs Castiel back, happy that he can hug him. As he does, Castiel slowly stops crying and even makes his wings disappear, finding the strength and will to do it. Dean would hold him like this forever, but eventually Cas lets go. “Did you still want me to join you?” He asks, changing the subject. Dean nods at that, opening the faucet and filling the tub with water so warm it is just on the right side of too hot. It is a stark contrast to the temperature of the room and Dean feels his muscles relaxing as steam rises, fogging up the room.
“Castiel.” Chuck said and waited until Cas turned to look at him, doorknob still in his hand. “We will wait for 24 hours. If the link is not broken by them I will inform the authorities and suggest a drug induced coma for Azazel. Maybe we're lucky and they finally decide killing him is cheaper.”
They figured out pretty quickly that their taste in movies differed quite a lot and ended up sitting on the couch, not watching a movie at all but talking instead. Castiel had prepared some sandwiches that Dean practically inhaled in record time, to make up for no dinner, as he put it. Castiel smiled at that, not even finishing one sandwich before Dean finished the whole plate of five sandwiches.
“I’m so happy to see you too, Cas. But you're right, I should get going, Chuck wanted to see me. Peace out, bitches.” She said with a bright smile, and just like that she was gone.
I hope you liked this sudden turn of events and I would enjoy reading your thoughts in the comments. Please leave Kudos if you feel like it. Have a great day!
First and foremost I want to apologize for the huge delay. I had personal matters that took up all of my attention and before I knew it weeks had passed. This fic is not and will not be abandoned. I also want to apologize for the length of this chapter and possibly the following chapters as I did not stick with my usual 3.000 words, this one is over 4.000. The last thing I have to apologize for is the content of this chapter and I will do so in the notes at the end, as the apology will contain spoilers.
He had almost fallen asleep as he heard the clattering of a bottle on the kitchen floor. “Seriously Dean…” He grumbled to himself and turned to his other side, closing his eyes again. The clattering was followed by a heavy thud and Sam sat up in his bed. “Dean?” He asked into the dark, unsure what was going on. Sleepily he fumbled for his phone and turned it on, the bright screen illuminating his room. “Dean?” Sam tried again, a little louder this time. As he got no response he got out of bed and stepped into the hallway, calling for his brother again. “Dean, come on this isn’t funny.”
Dean gave a quick summary of the events that had occurred, ending with the fact that Azazel was being locked up again in this very moment and that everybody was safe again. Meg nodded at that, glancing at Sam doubtingly. Then she grabbed Dean by the arm and walked out the door with him, closing it behind them to prevent Sam from hearing what she had to say.
“For gods sake Sam, let go of me!” Dean exclaimed, annoyed with his little brother. He stopped walking as soon as they got outside and freed himself from his brother’s grip. “Jesus, Sammy. What the fuck are you doing?” He asked, rubbing his arm where Sam had gripped him too tightly.
They simply stood like this, the room quiet apart from their now labored breathing. Dean watched mesmerized as the tiny dots of light moved away from his hand now, forming rings that quickly grew bigger, spreading out across the whole wing.
“How would he know?” Dean challenged, unwilling to let Castiel give him hope as he was sure this would not pan out anyway.
“My, my, is that the way you talk to your favorite brother, Cassie?” Gabriel continued to tease Castiel who just rolled his eyes at him. “At the moment you’re my least favorite brother.” Gabriel let out a shocked noise and dramatically touched his hand to his chest. “That stings. Especially because I’m your only brother.” His comment dripped with sarcasm and Meg let out a low chuckle.
Kevin opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but closed it again, staring at Dean. Castiel waited for the boy to leave as there was no other reason for him to be here, but Kevin did not move, even as Dean went to the bathroom to change.
"Seriously, you basically used me as a real-life sex doll," Dean said, smirking down at one of the pictures. It was the one of Dean deepthroating Castiel's cock, he realized. "I bet I was real compliant, huh?" he asked, talking more to himself than Castiel. "Just lying there while you fucked me, taking everything you gave me.
"We have to beat him this time, Cas!" I exclaim, trying to get my best friend to participate a little more enthusiastically. "He fooled us three years in a row and never fell for any of our tricks. This needs to stop," I decide.
boy," he praised and I suppressed a sob. This was all too much, too good; it was overwhelming me slightly. And Dean's hand continually stroking my dick, relentlessly bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm; Dean's tongue invading my mouth eagerly; both were the cause of so many new sensations, that I didn't know what was up and what was down.
He walks over towards me, stumbling a little and I barely have time to wonder about what's wrong with him when he's pressing me into the wall, kissing me hungrily. I try to push him away, just like always, but he insists and only presses in harder. A sob leaves my throat and I make one last attempt at shoving him away when suddenly... He's gone.
"I know you better than you might think, Dean, you're a wonderful person. From the moment I first saw you, I wanted you to be mine. I'll give you everything you need if you'll just be mine, Dean. Will you?" he asked and I nodded into his shoulder.
"I was with this girl for a while, Lisa. She was great, you know, a really sweet girl and all, but sometimes, when we'd have a fight or when she got frustrated with school, I could hear everything she was thinking, about how annoying I was at that moment or what an asshole I was for not doing something, about how she didn't like my new haircut, and I don't know what else! She never said a
Awkward silence followed. Dean was too preoccupied with his thoughts to notice, Castiel was too busy staring at Dean and Jimmy was just standing there watching them both, feeling like he was intruding on something.
"Wh--what?" he croaked and his voice betrayed him for a moment. "I can't get in there, it's gonna kill me!" he exclaimed.
He's right in front of me now, crotch right where my nose is, and I feel tears forming in my eyes. He's gonna rape me, he's gonna make me suck his dick, he's gonna do something...
hot," he complained and bit into Dean's shoulder so hard he drew blood. He bit his chest a few more times, sucked marks into Dean's flawless skin, pinched his nipples, and then Castiel was coming, mouth opening in a silent scream while he emptied inside of Dean. A few more shoves and it was done, Castiel pulling out of Dean carefully.
I put away both Dean's and Mom's empty plates, carrying them to the kitchen and setting them down on the counter, when I suddenly heard someone clearing his throat behind me.
When Dean pulls back, I feel dizzy. "Here," Dean says and pushes a sharp knife into my hand. I stare at it in wonder.
"I am," Castiel said, fidgeting slightly. "I'm very lucky." An affectionate smile appeared on his face. Dean couldn’t help but smile as well.
Castiel set his jaw at that, biting back the words on the tip of his tongue. Amara had no idea how complicated his invention worked, how much more time this
Deciding that Dean deserved some kind of revenge at least, Castiel quickly slipped the little pill into Dean's own drink that was still standing on the table. Oh yes, he would show Dean what it was like to be drugged against his will. See if he liked that.
He pushed two fingers in with next to no resistance and his heart skipped a beat. It was hot and wet and so much tighter than any girl he'd ever fucked. Castiel would feel absolutely amazing around his cock. Oh God, he realized, he was gonna have Castiel around him in a few minutes.
"You... You were in our kitchen?" I asked and Castiel tilted his head slightly. It'd be cute if I wasn't so freaked out. "How?"
didn't," Castiel said. "Oh Dean..." he started, but Dean stopped his 'You're nice but we're better as friends' speech in his tracks.
without the barest hint of a choke. Castiel know that was thanks to the roofies, but he didn't care either way. Dean felt amazing.
"Mechanic," Dean replied, taking a sip of his new beer. "So, I guess you're real good with numbers, huh? I always sucked at Math."
When they arrived in Castiel's lab, it was surprisingly empty. Apparently, the investigation, if you could even call it that, was already over.
Dean more or less pushed me down a flight of stairs then and lead me into a room, taking off my blindfolds and handcuffs and throwing them to the ground carelessly.
The next day he awoke naked and alone but clean and covered by a blanket in one of Benny's guest bedrooms, the happenings of the night before burned into his brain.
Dean guides his cock inside slowly, the wet heat of my mouth pulling a moan out of him, and I taste his pre-come on my tongue. It's salty.
A bunch of people were already there, occupying most of the space, leaving only smaller parts for someone else to sit, in the hopes of interesting company.
"I know. I know, I screwed up, I'm sorry," Dean repeated, choking slightly, not daring to look at him, and Castiel knew that if Dean turned his head towards him, he'd see the tears in his eyes that he was trying to hide. "I'm sorry," Dean whispered. And even though Castiel was still mad and not exactly ready to forgive him right now, he couldn't help but hurt for him. His anger dissipated slowly.
Suddenly, there was the sound of a door being opened and someone outside left their apartment, apparently annoyed by the shouting in the hallway.
Castiel was a smart student. He had top grades, the teachers loved him and his classmates couldn't help but admire his friendliness. He was an all-around nice guy, or so it seemed on first glance. Not that Castiel wasn't a nice guy in reality, he just wasn't
"Gosh, just how big is this thing?" Sam asked, slowly starting to believe Dean's theories and feeling more than a little uncomfortable at the thought. "World domination sounds a lot more realistic now," he admitted reluctantly. "Early stages, but still."
"The hospital." He laughed. "See, of course the hospital had to play a role in all this. It's where Cas was sent to, so
"Metatron will be so pleased to know we got him back," jerk number one said smugly for the second time, tugging hard on Cas's arm. Cas would've been bothered by it if he wasn't utterly indifferent to pain.
The door closed behind me and I looked around nervously, taking in his apartment. It was similar to ours but cleaner -I never got around to tidying up and Mom was always at work- and there was a painting on the wall. Apart from that, the flats were about the same.
I crawl out from under the mattress reluctantly, still pouting slightly when Dean starts caressing my head gently, sitting down on the bed carelessly. It feels better than it should and I'm way too exhausted to care that it's Dean making me feel that way, so I just close my eyes and lean against his leg heavily. My breathing gets shallower when he doesn't stop.
"He seems nice," Castiel deadpanned and I almost laughed at the absurdity. It was obvious that they despised each other.
Cas thought about it for a moment, not averting his gaze from Dean's eyes, and then nodded and turned around, offering his back to Sam again.
"He might be alive?" was all Dean cared about. "I have to find him. Meg, we have to find him! I know he's out there somewhere, he can't just be dead like that," he announced, not caring that he was starting to sound a little delirious. "What if we... What if we get in the teleporter ourselves? We might find him that way, it could take us to the same place it took him!" he realized and gripped Meg's arm almost painfully hard.
"Very much so," I smirk and lean in to kiss him. He doesn't expect it but reciprocates anyway, hand reaching for my waist instinctively. I press against him.
"Hey, look, it's starting," Dean suddenly said and wrapped his arms around Castiel from behind, just as John Winchester took the stage. Castiel fidgeted in his arms involuntarily.
The rest of breakfast passed quietly, the only sounds Dean's occasional moans and Cas's own noisy eating, until Sam barged in the door, back from his run, sweaty and smelling like he desperately needed a shower.
"Listen... Gabriel," the man now said, smirking, after he had taken a look at Castiel's wrong name tag and took a step closer to him. And even though Castiel couldn't for the life of him explain why, the man's voice sounded flirty all of a sudden. "Why don't I write down my number and you give me a call so we can talk about that
"Cas," he uttered again, turning on the lights, then he came closer and kneeled down in front of my bed. He pulled the covers away from my head gently, revealing my disheveled appearance and tear-stained face. I didn't want him to see me like this but I didn't want to look away either, so I held his gaze steadily.
I don't know what Dean does when he's not with me but since I'm under the impression that he doesn't have a lot of inhibitions about killing, I'm pretty sure it's not something I want to know. Maybe it's good that the rooms in the basement are more or less soundproof...
Luckily, this was the exact moment their pie arrived and effectively ended Dean's vulnerable moment.
"You called for me, sir?" Inias's quiet voice finally sounded from the door and Metatron turned towards him. The door was opened, Inias's hand still on the handle, and he looked as uncomfortable and guilty as Metatron would expect him to.
working," I told him. "And he still wasn't satisfied! Bobby's such an asshole sometimes," I decided, not meaning what I said but saying it anyway.
been teleported somewhere else. Could've been anywhere though, so I wouldn't get my hopes up, but it's a chance," she concluded. "He could be in a brothel in Vegas as far as we know."
And then, because he really liked Castiel and thought the man was too shy for his own good, he added,
"I won't see you at lunch today," Dean announced another day and winked at anyone who was looking. "I have a hot date if you get what I mean." And they did.
Like some kind of miracle, he's survived. He's alive and standing, watching calmly as policemen infiltrate the building, watching calmly as a small, chubby guy is being dragged outside, raising his fists in anger.
All in all, I couldn't complain. Sure, I was a high school drop out with no job, no friends and no possessions, but then again, all of that faded whenever I looked at Castiel. My love for him was unconditional at this point. One word from him and I'd jump.
Castiel didn't wait long to start riding him and soon, their moans were indistinguishable from one another. Dean pulled Castiel into another heated kiss and bucked up into him over and over again, chasing his orgasm in desperation. Castiel was pretty close as well, Dean could tell, and he just hoped he would outlast him for a few seconds. Dean picked up the pace of his thrusts.
"Yes, Dean?" Castiel said, picking up on Dean's sudden mood change immediately, a worried expression on his face. "Is everything alright?
All Castiel could answer with was an unintelligible muttering that was supposed to sound like, "I'm fine." Whoever was with him sighed heavily.
"I'm afraid I can't do that," I say, voice icy, and I honestly can't remember when I've ever been this angry at someone. Alastair, naked, hanging from the ceiling in Dean's basement, beaten and bloody and just
"Come on, man, I'm your best friend, you can talk to me," Benny assured me and I breathed out slowly. I could trust him, I knew that. But did I trust him with this?
"Call them," he then demanded and only got a confused frown in return. "The guys who are getting the robot, call them
Benny scoffed. "Dean, you're not seriously cutting me off now, are you?" he asked, disbelief and forced humor showing in his voice. "Don't listen to whatever that guy told you about me!"
Again, Castiel didn't say anything, but I felt him pressing a soft kiss to my hair, stroking my back calmingly. It made me feel better instantly and I closed my eyes.
And he does, later that day, when he sees Alfie walking over to Castiel's table during lunch. Without thinking about the consequences, he hurries over to Castiel's table himself, rudely cutting in front of Alfie, and invents some bullshit about forgetting to take notes in class and whether he could copy Castiel's. Castiel looks at him strangely but gives him his notes anyway, and when Dean sits down next to him to copy them and checks his surroundings, he finds that Alfie is already gone. He smiles triumphantly into his notebook and pointedly ignores the worried looks Charlie, Meg, and Castiel are exchanging. Keeping Alfie away from Castiel turned out to be easier than expected.
"Do you mind if we get it out of you?" he asked, surprisingly civil for the moment. Then, "I'm still not one hundred percent convinced that you're not evil, but it looks more like you're getting
The shameful encounter he'd suffered through yesterday couldn't be erased off his mind even now, replaying in his head over and over again and Castiel had been cursing himself violently ever since. It had been
"How-- how can I help you?" he stuttered and forced himself not to avert his gaze when his eyes met furious green ones. The man across from him could qualify as 'really fucking cute' as Gabriel would call it, if he wasn't about to tear Castiel a new one.
"You're right," Cas says, nods and without warning, he pushes me against the cushions determinedly and attaches his lips to my throat.
"Castiel, yes -- Cas," he stuttered and looked at Dean with a slightly panicky expression in his eyes. Dean only laughed and gently laid a hand down on Cas's back, stroking up and down slightly. Cas's shoulders relaxed immediately.
Mom left right after dinner, only sending a quick, "See you later," my way, and then she was gone. I stayed alone in an empty flat with too many dark thoughts surrounding me.
"Anyway," Castiel now said and turned back to the crowd. "I'm sure you'd like a demonstration. That's why you're here after all."
"Was that alright?" he asked, uncommonly insecure, and searched Cas's eyes. The latter only smiled in response and nodded.
Reaching out with his hand, he quickly shut the cover on his back and hurried back the way they came from. He needed to find the control room as soon as he could and shut off the system if possible. There were too many doors...
At that, I heard an unidentified sound and then a groan, followed by something slamming against my door violently, and I just knew Benny had tried to attack Castiel and failed. Castiel was older and stronger than him after all, he never stood a chance.
I shook my head hesitantly. He was right but he was also so very wrong. Nevertheless, I would never tell Mom either way. She was happy with Dean, happier than she had been in any of her previous relationships, and I realized that if I told her, she'd be devastated. And she'd be disappointed, oh
It was a few months after I joined them in college, when I met them outside at our usual lunch table. Charlie was there as well when I approached them, sitting on the bench, while Cas and Dean were sitting on the table, legs crossed and facing each other. They were mid-conversation, smiling as always, hands brushing. They did that a lot, actually, and even though I'd been a little bewildered at first, I quickly realized that it was just something they did. It wasn't like they acted differently around the other than before, so I guessed it was all platonic.
"You know what to do, Cas?" Sam asked and Cas nodded. "Great. We'll be right behind you the whole way. As soon as we figure out where they're taking you, we'll call the police. The rest is up to you."
"You can't leave me here!" Castiel screamed and faster than expected, he had jumped to his feet, scrambling after Jimmy in a panic. He wrapped a hand around the man's wrist forcefully. "You gotta help me get back!
Hours later, there was a knock on his door, a questioning, "Dean?" sounding through. Dean sighed. He'd recognized the voice immediately.
From then on, sex with Dean is easier. I don't struggle anymore, just wait it out as best as I can and throw in the occasional moan. Dean's been a little gentler from then on, too, most of the time at least, and I'm pretty sure that if I tried and gave in completely, I might even be able to enjoy it.
"Well, uh... Was somebody holding the ladder while you were on it?" Castiel asked and the man scoffed with a confused frown on his face.
- and blue eyes, the expression on his face seemingly nervous and a little uncomfortable. When he caught my eye, he shifted in Dean's direction slightly and started looking even more uneasy. I immediately felt bad for staring.
Just like the previous 432 times, a beam shot out of the opening of the teleporter and dipped the toy in blue light. Electricity was crackling, sparks flying, and just a second later, the car had disappeared. A short while after, the other part of the machine came to life. The same blue light shot out of the top and aimed downwards, making the whole room glow brightly. Electricity, sparks, and all of a sudden, the car was there.
The knowledge alone should have been enough for Castiel. He could simply walk away now, knowing Dean wouldn't be able to rape anyone tonight -- or at least not as easily. But something in Castiel was reluctant to go. It's not that Dean was attractive enough for Castiel to be able to overlook the attempted rape and let himself be fucked anyway -even though, admittedly, it was part of it-, it was also that Castiel's pride was hurt. Had Dean genuinely believed Castiel would fall for that little distraction and let himself be drugged as easily as this? Well, bad luck for him because Castiel had certainly been in enough clubs to know what to pay attention to.
"Scoot over?" Castiel asked, smiling, taking Dean by surprise. They'd never really shared a bed, but they did lie next to each other every once in a while, just talking. That usually happened during the day though, not when it was the middle of the night and so dark you could barely see your hand in front of your eyes.
brothers?" Dean asked incredulously. "Holy shit, I was overwhelmed with my one brother sometimes, how did you survive?"
The ride was actually shorter than ten minutes, but Castiel was already standing outside his house waiting for him when he arrived.
Then Dean abruptly let out a loud, contented yawn and turned towards Castiel, letting his legs dangle from the table carelessly. "Cas, please don't feel too smug about this, but this was the
At first, he'd just been drinking some beer by himself, but then this girl made him do shots with her and then Benny found him and joined them for another two rounds. Then they both left and Dean drank another shot all by himself, and that's when he realized the room was spinning.
Not knowing what else to do, Cas turned his attention to the running TV, joining Dean in watching the same show as before, the one involving cowboy boots and doctors. Apparently, a guy named Dr. Sexy was the lead character.
For the next few minutes, the only sound in the room was the occasional moan from Dean that Castiel would
Then again, he was hardly one to complain, since he was a known ladies' man himself and had done similar things on multiple occasions.
"I guess it has something to do with our line of work," Sam elaborated slowly, smiling a little. "We're private investigators, with a lot of free time at the moment, so I guess we were just waiting for something exciting to happen."
He wondered if Sam and Dean had called the police already. If the police even believed them. He hoped for the best.
"Hello, Mr. Winchester, sir," he greeted his boss respectfully, before taking a look at who was walking next to him. Eyes widening, Castiel took in the sight in front of him, because the unfamiliar man was exactly that, a
"How many do we have now?" the man sitting in the too-big-for-him leather chair asked in a bored voice while plucking at the wooden desk with his fingernails. The sound it made felt weird on his assistant's skin.
"Yes. I cannot tell you how long we were standing in the hall. It could have been a few days only or months, but after a while, some men closed the covers on a few of us and made us climb into vans. We were around forty persons per van and it was rather small. Uncomfortable. We drove for hours."
"So," Dean started slowly, not able to control the words that came out of his mouth, "if I kissed you right now... would you feel something?" he asked, leaning towards Cas with a small smile.
loves it. Calls her 'Baby' and all," he explained, a small smile on his face. "So, just don't touch anything." And Cas nodded, even though he didn't quite understand.
And that's when Dean noticed everything else. The unusual quietness of the lobby, whispers where loud conversations usually filled the air, the shocked looks on some of the people's faces. Everything just seemed wrong and Dean couldn't pinpoint what exactly was the source of this behavior.
Fact was though, the flowers were beautiful and no matter who had sent them or with what intentions, the effect was still the same. Dean's mood was already improving at the thought of somebody caring enough to send him some.
Despite all of Dean's affections, Castiel never actually thought about how maybe they had been dating all along. They never talked about being boyfriends, Castiel had simply assumed Dean wouldn't want them to be public, so it came as a huge surprise when Dean asked him to Prom.
Shifting in his seat uncomfortably, Castiel shook his head. "I'm not with a guy either. I'm not with anyone, unfortunately."
"If Dr. Sexy and Dr. Piccolo truly love each other... why do they keep hurting each other all the time?"
held a piece of his heart so vital that whenever he wasn’t around, it ceased to function entirely. He loved just being with him, talking to him, and hearing him, and seeing him, and over time, he was taken over completely with the feeling of a love so overpoweringly strong that it made his ears ring and his face flush. He was his everything, and Dean was convinced that he had been since the day they met.
and with his mind quickly disillusioned, he slammed the book from the motel on the dining table just as their food arrived.
He felt the trunk of the impala sink under the other man’s weight, and he gently clasped his hands together to try and keep himself from showing any more vulnerability than he already did.
Dean was never a worrier before- hell, he was the opposite- but this time, things were different. Sam was leaving on a job for the first time since Chuck, for the first time since… well, everything, and Dean refused to accept the fact that he couldn’t protect his little brother like he always did. If shit went south, and Sam went down, Dean couldn’t be there to defend him-- and the mere thought of it made the hairs on his arms stand and his palms sweat. Still, Sam was adamant that he’d be fine, and so Dean was preparing to let him go without backup.
“I didn’t know how long you were going to be gone for!” Sam tried to defend himself, rolling his eyes like it was supposed to be common knowledge. “Plus, with the amount of cash in that account, I knew there was no way you could have eaten that much pie.”
.” Sam said, looking around at the wandering passerby’s and acting like he’d magically be able to pinpoint which of them was the earth-bound archangel. Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to, moreso because he had taken a few left turns in order to make Joel less aware of the fact that he was being followed than because of anything else, but it was fun to watch his head swivel about like a cake on a lazy susan. “That means the medium was right after all.” He continued in a mumble.
one minute and then regretting how he refused to open his eyes to the world around him the next. How Sam was able to look past that fact and still celebrate their reunion with a pack of his favorite beer was a question that had no answer Dean could have possibly come up with in that moment, and the minute he heard the door open and watched his brother step out of the door, he tried to apologize and show his appreciation simultaneously.
“What do you need, Dean?” Sam asked in a silent murmur, sounding less like the man he had become and the little brother he used to be.
“Shush!” Dean hissed, nodding out of the window at the second police car that passed by and shutting his brother up. With an eagle-like concentration, the two of them stared anxiously at the sight of it before they saw it fade into the distance.
’ that had then decided to make its home draped around his back. It was why he had stayed away from Sam for as long as he could, and why he had tried to carry it all himself, and why his life had done a complete 180 away from the traces of normalcy that it once had before.
“I was expecting this, you know.” Ephraim crossed one leg over the other and reclined in his seat, dangling his foot in the air and resting both arms on the armrests. “You and your brother, snakes in my garden of Eden- the two of you would do anything to get what you want. That was something I knew wouldn't change, especially not when the safety of your dearest little friend was in question.”
“It’s not good to assume people’s genders.” She drawled, patting down her oversized striped t-shirt as if it would magically make the wrinkles come out of it. “I’m Tommy, the person who you’ve been looking for-- and the owner of the store you just disrespected.”
“If Joel says that he’ll take on the mantle of an angel one more time, and he joins you in whatever ritual you’ve got planned- will you kick that son of a bitch’s ass for me?”
While Castiel explored, Dean wandered around quietly and tried not to bump into any displays, picking up and feeling random objects to get a better idea of the place. The furthest he had gotten were a few pepper shakers (?) and fancy feeling lighter that he liked until Cas had made his way back to him, tapping him on the shoulder and waiting for him to turn around.
“If this is about getting an apology, you’ve got it-- alright?.” It wasn’t likely to be the response that Ephraim wanted, but it was the one Dean gave. “I’m sorry.“
Sam laughed. " I'll be fine- I'm the smartest one out of the both of us. After all, I'm not the one that made a deal with The Empty, remember?"
Dean could see the gleam in his eye that indicated his words held more depth to them than he cared to elaborate on, and the look alone pierced burning needles into his heart.
, my family was gone in an instant.” Maryanne finished the sentence for him and clarified the misunderstanding Joel was about to place upon himself, taking a short while to stare at the two men in front of her with a kind sort of nostalgia reflected in the brown pools of her eyes. “Burned alive, locked in the house with no way out and left to suffer as we watched it all from a distance. I tried to rush in afterwards, but it was… too late.”
He swallowed, tensing up at the words and widening his eyes at how easily and effortlessly Cas could say them in that same tone of his. He didn’t know how to respond to that, so he didn’t say anything at all, and he heard a small snort come from the other side of the picnic table.
“Ooh, pre-law notes from 6 years ago. I’m shaking in my boots about the horrors of ‘defendant clauses’.” Dean mocked with a grin. “It’s alright- we can’t all have vital pieces of information written down on old journal sheets.”
.” He cursed, seeing the blue and red police lights flash against the wall and standing upright. “How in the hell did that goddamned douchebag manage to set us up?”
When Sam had only gotten half-way through his sentence, the elevator dinged and the doors opened- leaving a particularly peckish mother, little girl, and snow white pet rabbit to be completely subject to Sam's haughty brag. When he noticed them he stopped, but the damage had been done, and the sinister beam on Dean’s face indicated that he was fully prepared to make it ten times worse.
it was dangerous. He didn’t need anyone to tell him so, anymore, and he didn’t need anyone to try and dissuade him now that he had finally made his mind up.
“It is.” Dean interjected, quickly pointing at the faded picture that had caught his attention in the motel originally. “That’s just like what I saw when it happened, Sam. The smoke, and the bubbles, and the ooze, everything. The author even has the written description of it down to a damn science.”
Fleetwood Mac eased from the car radio, sending warm vibrations and bouncing from the four metal doors that enclosed him in the space, and Dean’s eyes only strayed from the street long enough to turn the song up and keep him from thinking anymore about what he needed to do and what he would do if the plan didn’t work.  Gripping the leather steering wheel and riding past the well-known wooded scenery, he focused only on the music and let his mind stop working just long enough for him to pay attention to the lyrics that floated through the speakers.
“Its worth a shot.” Dean noted with a face that was too stubborn to admit that Sam had come through yet again with another piece of vital information. Putting his phone back in his pocket and looking around one last time, he sat up and moved to turn the car on, but when he noticed Sam glaring at him like a deer in headlights, he stopped.
. It was all so far away, but still so close, and Dean could almost convince himself that he heard the ticking of a timer hidden within the catacombs of his mind the more he lulled himself to sleep. Just as he felt his mind start to quiet and his body lighten, he whispered the same silent prayer to his angel that he had been ever since they first bid their final farewell.
Dean felt strange setting aside what the medium had said in favor of ‘research’, especially after hearing everything she had told him about the dangers of The Empty, but he didn’t say anything about it. He was tired of driving west and getting no answers, and he didn’t want to rely on a string of possibility anymore than he had to. It was ironic, but working in this field of business meant that you had to have some level of skepticism- and trusting the words of some woman in a broken down hut was only going to go so far.
“That’s where the ‘just about’ part comes in.” Dean watched him walk further down the path with jars in tow but chose not to follow, only watching Sam as he stood just beside the water until finally deciding to get to work.
“A Reaper trap.” Elena looked from the white patterned floor up to Dean, the burning glare in her eyes damn near being able to kill him twice. “You’re craftier than I thought you’d be- and twice the nuisance.”
“It was the only way we could get to talk to you.” Dean squared his back and tried to be as patient as possible. “I need your help.”
“It’s the empty magazine.” Castiel said finally, still sounding as patient as ever but somehow managing to simultaneously make Dean feel like an idiot. “I put the bullets on the table.”
“Alright, runt.” Joel grabbed his jacket from the coat rack and threw it on, the fuzzy black material flapping as it flowed down to his knees and snapping Dean out of the ocean of wishful wonder he had suddenly found himself lost in. Opening the door with the two brothers tucked closely at his sides, Joel made his way towards the exit and gave one last grin to the love of his life before shutting the door behind him.
No, now, Dean was nothing but a broken man, a culmination of strings and wires so tightly bound but loosely formed that he could collapse into pieces at any moment.  For weeks he had tried, genuinely tried, to return to his normal life and walk on the open country roads with his eyes on the future, but when the days turned into nights and he had no choice but to stare at himself in the mirror, he still saw it all replay in front of him in glitching scenes like a dilapidated VHS tape. The push. The steadily widening, reluctantly resigned smile on his face. The utterance of words so foreign to Dean’s ears that they felt unnatural. The weak response that somehow managed to seep from the depths of his throat, too afraid to let the moment pass but too cowardly to say the right words. The ooze, smelling of burning sulfur and rotten flesh, that crept up from the floor to the tail of his coat, from his shaking hands to the nape his neck, and then finally from the bottom of his chin to the top of his head as the overwhelming sensation of Emptiness welcomed him into its domain.
“And in due time, once our job is completed and I have taken control of my heavenly post, you will live freely
But as usual, life was never like what it seemed to be, and as Dean walked into the shop and heard the silver bell ring overhead, he was met immediately with the hug of a man he had nearly forgotten the face of. With a strong hold, Sam had his arms wrapped around Dean’s back and held him close, and he felt a small smile cross his face as he followed suit and did the same. Seeing his brother again was good, was great, was refreshing, but had an air of shameful regret about it that made the moment less than what he wanted it to be. Did he deserve this type of attention? Even after leaving like he did, and failing him, and putting his brother through a worry that still hadn’t completely faded? Sam must have thought so, because as he pulled away from Dean slowly and patted off the dust that had drifted onto his shoulders, he chuckled at the sight of his older brother’s face and gave a contented grin.
Sam looked at the ground a ways away like he was surprised the circle wasn’t there already and grunted as he stood up, making an unwelcome breeze brush against Dean’s shoulder, and smacked his hands together before grabbing the jars of powder from the ground where he was earlier.
Before Dean himself could interrupt her lengthy list of rules and explanations, Joel dramatically cleared his throat and brought Elena’s attention to him with a sharp smirk. “I’ve heard of making good impressions, but that suit looks a little stuffy on you- doesn’t it?”
“I can’t completely trust that if I don’t know what your plan is, Dean.” Sam said ‘Dean’ like he was his mother.
"Tell me why you need him so badly. If your reason's interesting, I might just entertain this idea of yours."
, Dean Winchester.” Dean hadn’t even been staring down at his body for a second until his grim reaper had arrived to take him away. Her voice was cool and crisp, the inklings of a Cuban accent tucked neatly behind words she said all too flatly. “Assuming that you are willing to join me, I will guide you into the afterlife. My name is Elena, and I-”
“You don’t. For God’s sake Dean, stop always feeling like you can’t be happy unless you sacrifice something. Don’t you see what you’re throwing away?”
“Fucking hell, Dean.” Sam said, running a hand through his wavy hair. He was worried, and that was obvious, but for some reason, the smile never fell from his face. Dean couldn’t say much about it, though, because he was the exact same way.
Sam slapped his forehead, dragging his hand down his face before resting it in his lap. “That literally means it was a bad idea, Dean! Wha-”
The sound of silence was overwhelming as the man rubbed his face, a muffled groan peeking out from between his thick fingers as Dean took another step closer to him.
Elena flinched at the sound of his command, but cleared her throat and tried to keep composure in the face of him anyway. Joel was
to be as Sam’s big brother. It was his responsibility to make sure he was safe, and whether that was by nagging at him or protecting him some other way, he was going to make sure that nothing changed. That he could still be the protector that he was convinced he needed to be.  Sam had to understand that, and if he couldn’t, then Dean would have to
“Relax, it was a rental. I dropped it off last night before I came back with the beers.” Sam clarified, giving him a dead eyed stare, and Dean awkwardly looked away as he unlocked the doors with the turn of his key in the driver’s door, and clambered into the seat with an ‘oomf’.
“40 on 7, please.” Dean said bluntly the moment he walked up to the register, shuffling in his wallet for the cash and eying a sale on energy drinks in the machine that stood next to him. “And two of these drinks.”
The suffocating weight evaporated as Dean sighed, slumping his shoulders and squeezing his eyes closed as he kept his hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Shit, Sam. I thought- I thought something had happened to you.”
He stopped short of finishing his sentence, but they both already knew what he was going to say. He had said enough already.
Dean chuckled and heard a similar sound behind him, though the mood was just as tense as it had been before, and they all stood waiting for a joke or sentence that would never come to ease the mood. When another breeze swept around them like an incentive to action, the three gave up their waiting and silently climbed into the car, with Castiel nestled comfortably next to Dean in the backseat.
“So, have the two of you thought up how you’re going to summon your Reaper, or are you just gonna go for it?” Joel asked, pulling a stick of gum from his coat pocket and sticking it in his mouth, offering the rest to Dean and Sam. Dean refused the offer- though Sam was all too willing to accept- and the Winchesters shared a look before they collectively walked along the sidewalk to buy their rooms.
Without rhyme, reason, or warning, she pushed him, her palm on his chest releasing just long enough to be replaced by blazing tar that crawled up from nowhere and melded onto whichever one of Dean's limbs seemed to be closest, and let his balance shatter to pieces as his arms flailed forwards and his head slammed backwards.
. I already thought about it, over and over again.” Dean confessed, hanging his head low to the ground and clenching his jaw. “But I can’t-- I won’t let this chance slip past without even trying to go through with it, Sam. I don’t have anything to lose, anymore.”
“What are you doing here with the Winchesters, Joel? Have they coerced yet another angel to die for them fruitlessly?”
“Maybe, but it's never been like this.” Dean murmured. “And this mission especially… won’t be like anything we’ve ever dealt with before.”
Dean looked down at his brother and nodded. “You’ve got this, it’s fine. Just do what you always do. The shop's right across the street too- it'll only take a sec.”
When Castiel began to fall into The Empty, Dean jumped into his arms and followed, not giving a damn about the consequences. He wasn’t going to let Cas leave him alone like that- confused, and nervous, and a mess. Dean wanted more, but more than that, he needed
.” Ephraim repeated with a slow nod, reciting the words to no one before returning to the conversation. “You must be exhausted from your trip. After all, time moves differently here- that fall probably felt like you were tumbling for hours. Please, sit.”
Dean nodded in agreement, and took another swallow of his own beer with a groan. “It can only be him, Sam. I don’t know how, but there’s no other possible explanation. Ephraim wants me to go into The Empty--and he knows that I will-- because he has
It didn’t take long for the two of them to pass the green city sign that read ‘LAFAYETTE’ in bold white letters, meeting the city just as the sun had begun to peek out from over old brick buildings and shine its early morning light on the beaten asphalt roads, and they made a short plan of what they would do until it would inevitably be time for them to get back in the car and ride west again for what felt like the thousandth time. Well- it was a good idea in theory, but by the time the day was mostly over and all of their errands were done, the two of them were dog tired and both agreed over text message that there was no way in hell they’d be able to go on without eating an actual meal and getting a full 8 hours at another cheap motel. It seemed like all they did lately was drive, sleep, theorize and make handy conversations in local diners, when Dean really thought about it, but it was a nice change of pace from the usual ‘hunting missions’ they were always running towards for most of their lives. It was one of the one good things that had come out of the entire shitshow that he called the past 4 months of his existence, to be able to just drive and relax with his brother without having to always
The two sat on the line for what felt like hours in a dead silence, empty and hoarse but somehow managing to speak louder and express more than what their words could ever say.
The angel had been quiet ever since last night, probably thinking of the stupidity of human life or something similar, but Dean hadn’t questioned it. Sam hadn’t either, much to his surprise, and the entire morning had been drenched in a thick contemplative silence as they each prepared for the ritual in their own ways and thought further about just how they’d end up handling the situation. Sam probably wondered how he could help,  and Joel was probably wondering how long it would take; but, none of their thoughts seemed to matter when put up against the job at hand. At least not now, not here, and not for a while.
“Mmm- hmm.” Sam waltzed over to his own bed and laid down, much gentler than his brother had but still with the fervor of a man who wanted to go to sleep and stay that way for as long as possible.
, anyway? Until their car ran out of gas, or just whenever they felt like it? For Tommy to be the ‘life-changing medium’ she was supposed to have been, giving out free advice and ominous warnings, she sure as hell didn’t know how to give specific instructions. Dean still tried to follow them the best he could, though, and continued to drive ‘west’ for as long as possible until he noticed the gas light blink on and felt his fingers begin to cramp up against the black threaded patent leather wheel.
Sam gave a resigned sigh and shuffled around in the trunk one more time, grabbing extra supplies just in case before slamming it shut. “Alright then. If either of you need anything, call me.”
“Joel here is the angel of Death, that’s what happened.” Dean was quick to answer, still rubbing out the twinge in his chest with a muted groan. “He’s taking back the job in exchange for the Reaper to help us out.”
Dean could hear the explanation clearly, though it was never completely vocalized, and cleared his throat against the sound of dead air that had again collapsed on the line between them. “Where are you?”
After that the two of them finally stepped out from the backroom and back towards the storefront, Tommy flashing Sam an innocent smile as she rang the more normal items up for checkout, and Dean stared off into space until it was finally time for the two of them to leave.
Dean felt himself frown at the familiarity of the voice he heard and squinted as if it would make him be able to hear it better, remembering it from somewhere but not being able to put a name to the face. He approached the scene with a genuine curiosity as to who it could have been, crossing off names the closer he got to the alley and ending up completely clueless by the time he got close enough to hear the conversation clearly.
“When you are prepared to execute your foolish little quest, Joel knows how to summon me. As for you, our Angel of Death- I look forward to working with you again soon.”
“What did I tell you this morning? I do. Do you trust me?” Dean winked, throwing a hand in the air at the sight of Sam’s slight concern.
"Morning, Jerk." Sam offered him half of a Slim Jim, which Dean pushed away when he sat up from the car seat, and continued to smack on the jerky as he typed away at his computer and continued to do whatever he had been doing before his older brother woke up.
“Denny’s is too salty.” Joel interjected, flunking his cigarette butt onto the ground and stomping on it. “Can’t we go somewhere better?”
“Then I suppose our deal is made out for us.” Dean watched Joel lean in closer to the Reaper, keeping a wary eye on her and knowing she wouldn’t be able to refuse her proposal whether she wanted to or not, and kept his distance as far away from the two of them as he could. “What do you say, help us out and I’ll do the same for you?”
Before Sam could object, reluctantly handing Dean the hospice pamphlet, Dean turned the car on and winced at the sound of the engine rumbling on before slowly pulling back onto the street and towards the numbered address that was on the paper.
“The Empty is a place that needs someone to be Shepherd over it, to control the angels that are assimilated into it and prevent any ‘situations’ from occuring while the angels are there. It’s just how like Lucifer is supposed to command over Hell, Archangels are supposed to watch over the people of Earth, and God is supposed to handle Heaven. Somehow, Ephraim managed to take over the place of the Shepherd of The Empty- but as far as I know, it's just a title.”
“Joel,” Sam started, his voice coming from nowhere and making Dean’s eyes dart from the lake onto him. He had that look on his face, the one that said he had just thought of some weird hypothetical situation, and paused in the middle of drawing the summoning circle; all signs of him having a curious question that Dean almost definitely didn’t want to hear. “How are we sure Ephraim isn’t just gonna... trap Dean there? In The Empty?”
“Joel.” Sam said his name the minute the archangel neared them, watching him flick ashes from a freshly lit cigarette onto the ground a few feet away from them. “Yeah, we’re just about set.”
“I don’t know what I’m going to do anymore, Cas. I can’t see, and I can’t hunt, and I can’t protect you. I can’t protect Sam.” He turned to Castiel and shrugged, giving a tired smile as he tried and failed to see his face one more time through the mist of grey fog that clouded his vision.
“Dean.” Sam sounded agitated, like he had been repeating himself one too many times, and Dean flinched at the sound of his name being called.
As much as Dean didn’t want to admit it, and would honestly have just rather left immediately and waited somewhere that he didn’t have to see the back of the Hamburglar’s head mirror-reflected through thick paper, he knew his brother was right. More than that, he noticed as he fell back down on the seat once again just as a third police car passed by, Sam probably knew
“Don’t say that like that- it makes it seem like we’re in some sort of kinky relationship.” Joel laughed, taking his time disrupting a corner of the sigil with the moving of his foot to provide the Reaper an escape route. Elena only cocked her head to the side curiously at his answer, but when Joel waved her off, she turned her attention to Dean one last time before making her departure.
), Dean pointed to a group of people about to make their way into the building and made the quick and poorly-timed decision to walk in with them as their disguise. “Let’s follow them inside. Act natural, Sam.”
Because they’d be the last thoughts he’d have before he fell into The Empty and made his own deal with the Devil, playing a game he knew he’d lose and making a bet with nothing but a pipe dream and a terribly blind optimism that should have disappeared years ago.
“Why not?” Dean questioned, sounding surprisingly genuine. “I thought we’d be able to go more undetected at night.”
“Yeah, but not like this.” When Sam’s proposition was met with skepticism, he threw a crumpled up piece of straw paper at him and pointed back down to the page. “Just look at it, hardass.”
Joel’s sing-song voice made Dean’s teeth grind as he stepped from the passenger’s seat, and he closed the door and tapped on the backseat window with a slight but obvious agitation. “How about
Dean exhaled in a bittersweet laugh, trying to ignore his quickly sweating palms and memory of Castiel’s earlier confession back when everything had first begun to shift into place.
“More than enough, that’s true.” Dean answered, leaning backwards against a grassy hill and stacking his thumbs on top of each other in a repeated sort of motion. “I just wanted to see if you were game for a little big bro-little bro bonding time before I left to, you know, kill an entire entity.”
“I mostly agreed because my time dawdling around is going to be pointless once Maryanne is gone anyway- so don’t think I’m so good a person as to sacrifice myself without an ulterior motive.” Joel quite obviously wasn't a fan of Sam's look of appreciation, and he tried his hardest to dissuade him from looking up to him. “Plus, it wouldn’t be good for my superiority complex if Dean was the only one to sacrifice something in this whole fight.”
With that, at least their suspicions were confirmed- this was indeed the angel they were looking for.
“I just want to be with you, Dean.” There were sounds of clicking as Castiel reassembled the gun and handed it back to him, letting his hand linger in that position for a moment before pulling away and standing up. “It never mattered what we did, as long as I got to see you next to me.”
He wasted no time in getting up and taking a shower, feeling the hot water hit against his body and the steam kiss his face, and his shoulders eased their tension as soap bubbles smelling of clean linen slid down his worn, pale muscles and poured down the drain. He couldn’t remember the last time he could take a shower without feeling like he had a time limit, a short window of opportunity he could bathe for until he had to hit the road again in search of answers, and so he relished in the feeling of the water splashing against his neck and falling on every part of him with a newfound appreciation. Carefully running the bar of soap over the age-old scars on his arms, legs and chest, he sighed and decided to take his time in appreciating the godlike invention that was a six-spray showerhead. When he noticed his fingers pruned up, he took it as an incentive to leave and bent down to turn the water off, stepping out from the bathtub and feeling the fluff of the bathroom rug under his feet as he dried off and put on more comfortable clothes for the night ahead.
“Hm.” Joel noticed Dean’s off-put behavior but didn’t bring his thoughts to light. “Alright then, I’ll play your little game of conversation. Where did he go?”
, through newly clouded eyes and an empty gaze as he sat on top of the trunk of the Chevrolet Impala.
with you, all of a sudden?” Sam turned around suddenly, walking over to the table and sitting down next to him. He wore another look of concern, the worry in his eyes shining against the moonlight to be seen in full display, and Dean felt himself tense as he took note of it. It must have finally clicked in Sam’s mind that Dean knew more than he let on, and he dreaded having to answer the question that would inevitably be asked. Just to prepare himself, he took another swig of his alcohol and felt a heavy exhale blow through his nose.
Castiel told him about the stars that shone in the sky and the reflections of the streetlights in puddles that sat in the street, about dogs he saw trotting quickly with their owners towards ramshackled apartment buildings and shutters closing on old antique stores. He told Dean everything, no matter how important or pointless it was, and soon he could see the town in his mind with such vivid detail that it almost felt like he was seeing it himself. It was so warm, and it made him feel a level of comfort so overbearing that he was both afraid of and desperately craved it.
“Listen, I’m sorry, alright?” Dean grabbed Castiel’s wrist and kept him close, reveling in the sensation of it but keeping the emotion at bay. “That was a dick move.”
. Dean had walked into this too quickly, hadn’t considered all of the possibilities, and now he was paying for it in a way he never considered and never wanted to entertain the thought of. He should have known the moment he fell, he realized; as the ability to bend time and fragment sensations at will couldn’t have been the ability of a spiritual domain itself, but he didn’t think Ephraim could have found a way to wield the power himself. He didn’t think anyone could wield a power like that, aside from the people who he and Sam had killed already.
Dean felt a laugh bubble up from his stomach and couldn’t help the grin that followed afterwards, and he shook his head and bit his lip to stop himself from going overboard. “You know, I love that part of you, Cas.”
Dean didn’t mean to make him leave. He didn’t mean to say anything that would remind them of what they had done, but now it was too late, and all he could do was try to fix the fence that he had nailed so many holes in already.
“What? When? Where?” Maryanne interrogated Joel like he was witness to the entire situation. Dean almost answered some of the questions for her, but stopped just short of opening his mouth. He still couldn’t say or hear his name without feeling like it was wrong in the atmosphere, there was no way he could rehash the moment with a near stranger and still feel like himself by the time the conversation was over.
“What?” Joel asked, turning his head from the emptied parking lot to look back at the side of Dean’s face.
There was a pause, a heavy, stinging pause that seemed to make the wind blow harder and the water rush faster, and ticked by until Joel chose to speak again. “I just wanted to see how you'd react. And to your other point-" Dean watched him think about how to answer, brown eyes scanning yellowing treetops further away until he came to his own conclusion. "I'm still here because I want to see what’ll happen when you fall. What'll happen when- or if -you come back up again.”
Turns out, ‘West’ was a much more vague answer than Dean and Sam had anticipated- and a much harder direction to follow.
Sam nodded as they silently agreed to go ahead with the plan, and he paid for their food with a gentle smile to the waitress before the two of them stood and walked towards the parking lot.
Dean waited with an impatient glare as the time passed on, anxiously tapping his foot and leaning up against the storefront. He moved to turn around and finally walk in the building, not knowing where the door would be yet determined to find out-- but just as he took his first step, he felt Cas approach him with the sounds of even more bags in his hands. He really took the ‘retail therapy’ thing seriously, didn’t he?
Fuck, it felt so nice to be with his brother again. To be with anybody again, after being alone for so long with nothing but the empty silence and the winding streets to keep him company. He felt a warmth in his heart that he didn’t think he should have had and looked down at his still wrinkled hand, clenching his fist with a forlorn expression and wondering what he had done to get Sam to still find a way to put up with him even after all of these years. Sam was just happy to be with his brother, Dean realized, and instead, he had just been so focused on rescuing
Did Sam really have the audacity to ask such a stupid question with a straight face? To look him in the eyes and suggest that
“‘Scuse us.” Sam coughed to one of the officers, putting on what Dean thought was his best Oscar the Grouch impression as he scooted past them with his knees tucked in to cut a couple of inches down on his height. Breaking free from the group they had walked in with the second they felt the warm heat of the inside of the lobby clamp down on them, Dean glared at Sam and saw his brother’s shoulders tense in defense.
“Joel?” Sam said with a fair bit of uncertainty, approaching the younger man with a cautious walk. If this was the angel they thought it was, he had chosen a vessel that was the complete opposite of what he was before, at least a foot taller and looking much less jolly than the old man they had first met. Having boorish brown eyes with rounded dark circles placed securely underneath them, a youthful but slightly aged face with a jutting jawline, and a lean body that showed its muscle through the white button-up shirt he wore, this potential rendition of Joel looked less like an angel and more like a cynical businessman with a grudge against the world and a desperate need for a power-nap.
Sam began to repeat the name, but was cut off just as he was about to speak by the ringing of an alarm on Joel’s phone. Mumbling curses under his breath and checking the time, Joel nodded towards the entrance of the hospital room and twisted the door to room 346 open, directing them to the inside with the rude jutting of his head.  “Fuck, I don’t have time. Get inside.”
There it was. It was shaky, and messy, and Dean felt icky with the amount of emotion that seemed to be oozing out of him, but it was still all so beautiful. He was in love with Castiel, more than he had ever been with anyone else in his entire life, and the fact that he was able to admit those feelings to him in the best way he could felt better than eating blueberry pie in the bunker and watching old reruns of General Hospital. Shortly after that euphoria came the worry that Cas wasn’t going to accept his feelings now that he was a total wreck in front of him, but the overwhelming sensation of Cas’ body around him took the thought from his mind just as swiftly as it came.
She visibly relaxed at the sight of her actual visitor, her then defensive frown now replaced with the easy-going wave of her hand. “It’s nice to meet you…” The woman trailed off, waiting for them to say their actual names.
Dean and Sam exchanged a look, knowing that there was only one reasonable explanation as to who the third person could have been. Well, there were quite a few explanations when they thought about it, but there was only one that worked for them. Joel was here, meaning that the crucial part of Dean's 'ambush plan' had already failed, and if they didn't hurry, they'd miss him entirely. More importantly, if they didn't hurry, they'd get their asses handed to them by the cops that had now made their way into the hospital lobby.
“Ayup.” She said. “These practices aren’t gonna be case specific, you know. You get what you get, in most cases.”
Dean swallowed, knowing there was more to that than Joel said or would ever say; and let the topic drop just in time to watch Sam finish the summoning circle with a focused eye and a slow blink.
Dean didn’t quite like the way Elena said ‘Wonderful’, like she was looking forward to sending him to the afterlife, but said nothing as he took center stage in the circle and waited for Sam, Joel and Elena to take their places all around him. It felt formal, embarrassing in a strange sort of way, but he shook the feeling off and took his last deep breath in preparation for the ritual to begin.
There was a silence so dead they could have been at a graveyard, with Castiel waiting for Dean to say something and Dean trying his hardest to find even an ounce of humor in that mental image.
“What, like Beetlejuice?”  Sam whispered with a joking grin, but unlocked the phone and skimmed the name of the owner as Dean instructed. “Uh… Mr. Tommy Young? You in here?”
.” Dean grimaced as he walked on the shallow combination of gravel and mud that led to the front door of the shop, turning around when he didn’t hear similar crunching footsteps behind him.
“And I don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow, or in 5 years, or when we both keel over,  but I know that I’ll always want you next to me-- because I don’t think that I’ll ever be able to be myself again without you. So, for the love of god, just stay next to me.
, never forced but always genuine, and it made Dean miss a home he had never really had as he watched them stare back at each other with their minds already far from the world they had settled in. Standing in front of him was a couple, one made of an angel and a human, and it was everything he wanted to be and everything he was fighting for.
If it was an open question, Dean sure as hell didn't answer it. He was too focused on trying to find the elusive, dirty-mouthed bastard and refrain from wringing his throat out to pay attention to his visiting habits, still feeling a crick in his neck from the way he slept in that car seat, and told Sam so as he walked around to his side with a groan and the cracking of his back. They had already overslept, it was almost 4 due to all of the circles Dean had made in a paranoid attempt to keep the cops off of their asses, and if the pamphlet really
Still, he couldn’t shake that same uneasiness away, and slowly stood up from his seat with his eyes on the door.  “I’m gonna go get some pie for later, I’ll be back.”
,  which was obvious when he was an angel of Death, but it was overwhelming to think that for the past week, he and his brother had been in the company of an angel who could even make Reapers tremble. How much damage could he do if he wasn’t on their side- and how much damage did he do before he went underground? It wasn’t something he wanted to think about, nothing about Joel ever really was at this point, and Dean could hear the faint traces of weakness in the Reaper’s voice as she stated her response. “If you promised not to rescind your oath once my end of the bargain would be fulfilled, then yes. I would agree.”
“If they’re so annoying, then why haven’t you skedaddled into another vessel yet?” Maryanne purposefully ignored both Joel and his pained moans as he sat back up from the bed and looked at him from the corner of her eyes, waiting on an explanation. It seemed like Joel had a habit of jumping from person to person based on how easily the woman was able to give him the proposition, but it still didn’t make the mental image any easier to understand, and the fact that Maryanne was able to keep her love for Joel just as strong even despite him travelling from body to body like he was crossing trips off of his bucket list was something Dean didn’t think he’d ever be able to do if he was in her shoes.
With a heavy, dry swallow, Sam tried to push the book away and looked Dean straight in the eyes-- in a way that let him know controversy was soon to follow in the next words his brother spoke.
“What my brother meant to say--” Sam jumped back into the conversation “--was that we’re looking for a push in the right direction, and of course, everything else we need. We saw your shop online by chance and decided that you’d be what we needed.”
Did they keep going west when they were at a crossroads? Did they plow through ‘Road Work Ahead’  signs and orange cones when a highway was under construction, or did they take a u-turn? Most importantly, how long were they supposed to keep west
Well, the thought sounded appealing, but deep down, Dean knew that the idea of ‘making the most of it’ wouldn’t be enough for him. It never was.
It was beautiful and ugly, intoxicating and eye-opening, and it managed to speak without opening Its mouth even once. With upturned eyes, it laughed at them, calling them fools and buffoons (which irritated the two dead men greatly), but by its sinister look, it was willing to make a bargain. Apparently, It had already made one with Lucifer just moments before the men’s untimely arrival.
“I’m positive, Sam. The shit he did--” Dean shook his head at the remembrance of it. “--let’s just say it matches
He let the pages stroke through his fingertips as they flapped from cover to cover, his eyes nonchalantly grazing over the pages until one caught his attention. The text was handwritten, slightly faded and messy, and normally Dean would have just ignored it completely, but it was the crude drawing tucked away in the corner of the page that caused his ears to perk up and his spine to stiffen against the bedframe he leaned up against. It was almost identical to the image of sleek black ooze that had taken up shop in Dean’s mind for the past weeks, and the uncanny resemblance struck a shiver in his back that refused to go away until he read more of the page. He was staring at a lead, his first lead, and sleep suddenly held little importance anymore. As quickly and carefully as he could, he read the words the book contained within itself and put a hand to his mouth in nothing but sheer shock. This…was it. What he had been looking for. What he had needed.
“Gee, Samantha, I am sorry if I hurt your delicate feelings. I happen to like Cas, I’m not playing.” Dean said and even though he was mocking Sam, his face was serious. Sam’s judgmental expression softened and was replaced by something else, almost pitiful. He stayed silent and Dean sighed. “I’ll go get Cas.” He said, done with the conversation and turned to leave the room.
“Do you feel any different? Are you hearing any strange voices?” Dean asked, carefully trying not to feel relieved yet, not to get his hopes up. They kept Sam lying in his bed, but untied his wrists so that he could move around a bit more freely. Since they collectively decided to wait and see what would happen, Castiel sent Dean to go get a card game from Castiel's room, unwilling to leave Dean alone with Sam again. They played until all three of them were having trouble to keep their eyes open, and then decided to call it a night.
“How did you do that anyway? I don’t think I understand what your gift is.” Dean said as they made their way back to the main building. By now Dean was almost certain he had seen actual wings earlier and he hoped to get Castiel talking about them.
Castiel set his fork down on his plate and pushed it away as he was suddenly not feeling hungry anymore. “You know I can't do that, Dean.” He said, avoiding eye contact, unwilling to let Dean see the hurt in his eyes. They had talked about it before and nothing had changed, Castiel was an abomination, unfit for civil life.
Meg on the other hand had no such inhibitions. She grabbed the knife and pulled it out with one swift motion, professionally ignoring Sam's pained shout. Unceremoniously she cut Sam's shirt open and stitched him back together, working neatly and efficiently.
“Now that we're all done with that stupid pissing contest, I believe I said you need to bring Sam to the hospital wing. What are you even still doing here?” Meg, clearly done being taken care of, pushed Gabriel away from her, getting up in the process. “Follow me.” She said, and as broken and beaten up as she looked herself, none of them dared to object.
Castiel mustered him for a moment before deciding to let this one slide. “I just asked whether or not you think you’d be able to consciously use the Gift that you developed. From what you described it seems to be something you’ll learn to actively use, unlike the healing that just happens whenever you’re hurt. We just need to figure out what triggers it. Once you get a feeling for that the hardest part will be over. Most of the time it helps to put yourself in a peaceful state of mind, relax and just let it happen.”
Castiel blinked at Dean, surprised by the sudden change of attitude. He tried to recall his first lessons, but because he had grown up at the Institute he barely even remembered them. Castiel thought to himself that Chuck could not have chosen someone less suited for this job. He dared to risk stepping closer to Dean as he did not seem to pose an imminent threat.
Castiel leaned back against the door as Dean kissed him again, soft tingles running down his spine as Dean’s hands found their way under his shirt. He kissed back, but Dean noticed how tense Castiel was all of a sudden, so he pulled back a little. “We don’t have to go any further if you’re not comfortable, Cas.”
Sam sat up as Meg dragged Dean out of the room. The movement disturbed his wound and he winced, dropping back down into his pillows. He kept his eyes trained on the door, willing it to let some sound through, wondering what she was telling Dean.
“They always serve food here. Many gifts use up so much energy that we have to maintain a high calorie intake.” Castiel explained as Dean dove right in, stuffing his mouth with food. “Who cooks all this?” He asked around his mouthful, a piece of food almost falling back out.
Both men moaned deeply at the surge of hot pleasure running through them. Castiel’s hands found Dean’s ass and he pulled their crotches together, thrusting almost desperately. He needed release right now, but at the same time he did not want this to end. Ever. Dean could barely believe that he was already this turned on, before anything even touched his cock. Now the slide of Castiel’s erection against his own had him on the verge of cumming, even through too many layers of clothing. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him as Dean lowered his head onto Castiel’s shoulder, simply resting it there, breathing hard against the bare side of his neck.
“No, by all means, let him finish. You would have what, Gabriel? Huh? What would you have done?” Dean challenged, towering over Gabriel as the shorter man was sitting on the couch. Gabriel narrowed his eyes but stayed silent.
“The patient's name is Sam. And that is an awful lot of mights and maybes. How would he know that?” Dean said coolly, his suppressed hostility only noticeable by the way he clenched his jaw. Castiel picked up on it and placed a hand on Dean's shoulder, stepping behind him, invading his personal space, hoping to calm him with his presence.
Sam gulped, shivering at the realization whose voice it was that he was hearing. Azazel was still in his head, controlling him from his cell.
Dean's hot breath against his ear sent pleasant shivers down his spine, but it was his words that caused him to groan loudly. Dean's voice was rough with lust, and Cas turned his head to meet his lips, kissing him passionately. Gentle, but firm hands pushed him to lie down and Castiel watched as Dean started rolling his hips, rubbing their clothed erections together.
Subconsciously, Dean’s mind wandered to the special spot in the back of his head, triggering his gift. Both men pulled back a bit surprised and looked up, laughing as a sort, warm rain shower soaked them both. Almost immediately, startled by the rain, Dean stopped using his gift and the heavy rain stopped, leaving them both dripping. The joy Dean was feeling became too much, too intense to experience over a long period of time and he had to pull his hand back from Castiel’s wing.
Sam’s curious face softened and he sat up straight, looking up to his older brother who was still standing in the middle of the room. “I remember that he was always drunk. That he sometimes left for days on end, leaving you to take care of me. I remember all the times we hid in my room because he was raging about something stupid. I remember that you always took the blame, even when I did something wrong, and that that is the only reason he never once beat me.” Dean sat down next to Sam, he couldn’t listen to this standing up. He fixed his eyes on the black TV screen, avoiding to look at his younger brother. “I remember that you are the only reason I had something that remotely felt like a childhood. And I never got to tell you how thankful I am that…” “Don’t.” Sam stopped talking, taken aback by how harsh Dean’s voice sounded all of a sudden. “Don’t thank me, Sam. I was a horrible brother and an even worse son. I provoked dad so many times. You deserved better, you deserved to know what it’s like to have loving parents. A loving family. I am sorry you didn’t have that.” Dean kept looking away from Sam, even as he felt Sam shift to sit closer to him. “I had you, Dean. That was more than enough. Dad was a drunk and an asshole, he was looking for excuses to let his anger out on somebody. You gave them to him, so that it wouldn’t be me who gets beaten. Don’t think I never heard you two downstairs. I will never forget what it sounded like, the sound of his belt against your skin. The sound of you –“ Sam interrupted himself as Dean closed his eyes, body tense. “Did you know I always hid underneath my bed? I thought that, maybe, if I hide and put a pillow on my head I wouldn’t hear it. And if I wouldn’t hear it, maybe I could pretend like it wasn’t happening. I should have helped you, I should have stopped him. I am the one who should be apologizing.” Sam’s voice broke with the last words and Dean looked at him, shocked to see tears welling in his younger brother’s eyes.
“...it never seemed like the right time to ask for something like that, when I was able to make do without.”
be a novel experience- but this was meant to be an opportunity for you to relax, rather than staying cooped up and stressed in your room.”
The second thing he noticed was the mess. He must have been carrying a plate when he passed out, because there was food everywhere, mixed in with shards of the dishes they’d found when they’d moved into the bunker, plain but serviceable and matching. It was breakfast, he noted idly.
I decided to really stretch things out, fic-chronology wise- having that plot-flash about the summer and winter solstices felt like, well, magic.
They were already at his bedroom door, their kid was on his bed, and they were about to have a conversation about the hardest parts of his life. Dean shook his head to clear it of the thoughts that had crept in, and then let go of Cas’ hand. “After you,” he said, gesturing for Cas to enter first. Cas smiled and nodded, and as he headed in, Dean took advantage of that brief moment to check out his form.
Cas reached out a hand and touched Dean’s knee, offering support. Dean was always pretty insistent on adopting any stray kid he came across, but rarely expected that affection to be returned.
At first, he ignored the door when it opened, focused too intently on his skin, but then there were hands on his shoulders, turning him, and-
particular mess, we were thinking of looking into the right way to do what he was aiming for. And of course if we’re doing
Cas was quiet for a moment, then reached out his own hand to clasp Dean’s. “Okay. Of course I’ll be there with you.”
For a moment, he stood in front of his closet, looking through his suits and flannels and trying to figure out what he’d wear on an actual date, rather than a one night stand he picked up from a bar (not that he even did that very often anymore), before he remembered just why Charlie was in the Bunker in the first place to harass him into getting ready to go out: his body wasn’t exactly shaped the same at the moment.
Over the course of the afternoon, Cas went from holding Dean’s hand, to just holding Dean as he leaned against him. And finally, finally, after talking about that horrible fight that happened after Sam moved out to California for college, the stories about John wound down, and Dean stopped talking, and they all took a moment for it all to sink in.
With a gently teasing “after you”, Cas stepped ahead of Dean to open the door, and they headed inside together.
Dean rocked him for a minute, then turned to drop a gentle kiss on Jack’s head. “Me too, kiddo, me too.”
“Shit, Dean. You know, with how often people come back from the dead around here, I’m just gonna say that if I ever meet your dad? He’s not gonna know what hit him.”
At the sound of his name, Sam stirred from where he’d been slumped against Eileen. “I’m up!” As he shifted against Eileen, his t-shirt and flannel sagged, baring one shoulder. “I’m- what?”
Dean sat at the head of the bed, leaning against the wall behind him. He patted on the bed next to him, and Cas climbed up. The nightstand on this side of the bed was empty; what was the point of having it if nobody used it?
“Hey Charlie? Why don’t you focus on helping Jack for a bit first, okay? Especially since we’re in the right section already- it makes sense to start here!”
Cas smiled at this, and it was like the sun rising, and Dean hadn’t realized until that moment just how discomfited Cas had been. “Dude- are
“I never wore them,” she’d promised. “They looked pretty but ended up being too small.” The tag still attached to the waistband attested to that, and so he’d tried on the pair of pretty pink satin panties and they’d fit perfectly.
The silence echoed around them. In his peripheral vision, he noted that Cas looked shocked, but had his hands up to Sign the argument to Eileen. Jack huddled in his chair, but didn’t seem put off by Dean’s explosive anger, and instead was leaning towards him. Charlie and Rowena looked impressed.
ImYourHoneyBee, this chapter is dedicated to you for giving me just enough dopamine at just the right time that I was able to get the keyboard up and running and give you all this chapter.
Sam contemplated that for a moment, before he nodded. “Yeah, I think I can see that happening.” He was quiet for another moment. “You know… you’re not usually like this. It’s kinda nice.”
“We’re all here and waking up. We’ll need to clean the kitchen at some point - Dean dropped and broke a breakfast plate when the spell hit- but Dean is talking to Jack right now, and Sam is right beside you.”
“Cas, it’s okay!” Dean cut him off before he could finish the syllable; for some reason, he was enjoying pretending to be a woman for the moment, even if he wouldn’t be comfortable like this forever. “Sylvia noticed we were having trouble and offered to help. She- she doesn’t care that you’re really a man.”
It was harder than he’d thought it would be- the Library was a pretty centralized part of the bunker, so even going to the kitchen meant he ran the risk of running into someone who would try to pressure him into talking to Sam, but he just wasn’t ready to deal with that can of worms he’d opened.
Here Dean flushed and averted his eyes. “Look, this is all temporary, so I’m gonna have a bit of fun with it while I can. You’re having a lot more trouble with this, so I think it’s important that she help you, but I think I’ll be fine looking the way everyone would expect.” Glancing up, he winked. “I’ll hold you to that fashion show later, though.”
Cas smiled fondly, noted the page number, and set down the book besides his chair. As he walked across the floor of the garage, he rolled up his sleeves, baring the forearms that were just as muscular and sturdy in this form as they were in his more comfortable vessel, and reached out to steady Dean in spite of his protestations- just in time to catch Dean as he made an ill-fated attempt to reorient himself on the car and began slipping off.
Dean’s face heated, and he looked hurriedly to the side. Just as it was easier to cry, it was easier for him to get flustered and embarrassed, and harder to hide those reactions. “It doesn’t have to mean anything.”
The library was silent as Dean stormed out, followed by Charlie. When it looked like Sam was about to follow them, Cas stalked over and grabbed Sam by the shoulders. “Now is not the time. When you have
And Cas responds, “I don’t remember why I stopped in that specific diner, but the first time I did, I glanced across the way and saw you. I couldn’t bring myself to say anything any more than I could bring myself to stay away. It only took a few visits before Andrea got suspicious, and I told her... not everything, but enough, that you were ‘the one that got away’ and that I’d known our relationship had an end date but...”
So he started looking through the very options Charlie had helped him acquire in that one outing with Jack and Cas, rummaging through what had seemed like so many clothes at the time but now seemed woefully inadequate.
And then in the middle of that analysis, I realized what I was doing with Charlie and Rowena. Before I started writing this chapter, I'd kinda expected to be wrapping things up pretty soon- they figured out what Jack had done, they found a solution, they'd cast a spell, there'd be the post incident recovery period, and everything would be fine. And then I was like- well maybe they need to wait on a spell component, had a whole plan for that, but then I realized that wouldn't really work if Cas has his wings back and can literally fly anywhere to pick up ingredients if it came down to it. And
Charlie’s hand rested high on his back. “I kinda felt like that about my mom sometimes. You know, upset that I couldn’t be a kid because of her.” She sighed. “I mean, it wasn’t her fault, but I still had to take care of her. So what I’m saying is, I get it. And… I think Sam needed to hear it. And I think
“I- I have a lot to process. I would have wanted to come to terms with being able to fly again, anyway- but now it seems that I may have other choices to make.” Cas looked miserable and more than a little overwhelmed as the conversation behind Dean in the kitchen grew more heated.
There was a knock at the door- probably Eileen, she’d promised to help him get ready- and he shrugged his now-oversized robe on and opened the door.
to see, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and headed in the direction of where he’d left Charlie and Jack. “You didn’t try calling? I didn’t feel my phone ring…”
“Uh- Jack? Cas? What would the two of you think of hitting up that Build-A-Bear we saw over that way, while Charlie and I go run one last errand together?” Dean was back to flushing a deep red.
“Alright, so how should we handle this? I don’t know that we should get all of you an entire wardrobe, but you guys at least need enough clothes to tide you over while Rowena and I look into this. Speaking of Rowena, where is she?”
Cas glanced back and forth between her and the garments he held, before taking a deep breath and nodding. “Alright.”
“But hey- at least you get to be a hot chick,” Dean joked as he started up the stairs for the door. Cas recoiled a bit, torn between pleasure at the admission that Dean found his current form attractive, and his strong disconnect from it compared to the vessel he’d had for over a decade. A few steps up, Dean noticed that Cas was still at the foot of the stairs. “Coming?”
“Alright, if you finish up and we haven’t found you yet? Go ahead and give me a call, okay?” And with that, Dean gave him a quick hug, a broad smile, and a lingering glance as he walked away.
And their eyes lock again, holding for a long moment, and then Dean leans in and kisses Cas delicately on the cheek, and he whispers to Cas, “I’m so glad to see you.” And he steps back, and it’s agony moving away from Cas again. And he turns around, and it’s torment to walk away again. And he sits at the table with Rufus, facing away from Cas, because he knows if he were facing Castiel he wouldn’t be able to focus on anything else, and he
Charlie kept him from going overboard. “A couple nice things and a lot of staples- it’d be one thing if you were stuck this way, or wanted to stay this way even once we fixed things for everyone else, but this is temporary. Don’t want to stock up on too many things you won’t actually have the time to wear!”
And Cas is there, opening the door just as Dean makes his way up the drive, and Dean kicks out the stand and gets off his bike and pulls Cas into his arms again.
Dean smiled. “Yeah Cas, I’m alright. I’m apparently a chick now, but I’m alright.” Being careful of hand placement, he pushed himself to his feet, then offered his hand to his dearest friend. “You alright, man?”
Dean gave a dry chuckle. “I mean it kinda has. It was my job to protect Sammy, from the moment I pulled him out of our burning house, and Dad made damn sure I knew it was always gonna be my job.”
Oooh so I added a tag and you guys get to see what Dean and Charlie picked up that was kept so quiet! Aaaand then more stuff happens!
“Anyway, at least the hippie-hair looks good on you now!”, he crowed, ruffling Sam’s hair before jogging deeper into the bunker.
“I know, Cas, I just… I’ve always tried so hard not to say any of that to Sam, and now I can’t take any of it back…” His new pajama pants were soft under his callused hands as he rubbed them up and down his legs, jittery with pent-up energy.
“Yeah, like that's gonna happen.” Dean said sarcastically, wrapping one arm around Castiel. “A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell.” Charlie smiled at him, knowing full well Castiel wouldn't be able to resist her nagging. “Whatever you say, hon.”
Dean frowned reluctantly but agreed and together they went outside. It was incredibly windy and raining so they walked to stand under the ledge to have at least a little protection from the storm without risking to be caught by Chuck. Lighting strikes lit up the sky, accompanied by deafening thunder and Dean flinched, feeling like they were coming dangerously close to them. “Maybe this isn't safe, Sam. We should go back inside.” He shouted into the wind and Sam shook his head, wet hair clinging to his forehead. “Just focus. Close your eyes. It will be over soon.” So Dean did, but no matter how hard he tried to push the storm away, to use his gift in any way, it felt as if something was pushing back, hindering from accomplishing anything.
