"What the fuck do you mean, 'you can't be happy?' Cas? Of
The Darkness, Rowena. Cas, Dean and Sam running toward them. An incantation. A blinding pain in his head. Losing Cas again, then nothing. And now…
, because of
Emanuel. Dean's heart breaking in two, realizing his angel didn't remember him.
I’m close, but I want you to look at me,” his tone pleading between breaths. Castiel nods in reply. “I want to see you when you come, Cas.” The angel leans down and kisses him hard, pistoning his hips faster and faster until he’s seeing stars and crying out Dean’s name like an anguished prayer. Dean’s quick to follow, his eyes rolling back in his head before squeezing them shut, a low moan rolling off is tongue as he spills all over his belly between them. Castiel releases Dean’s legs and collapses on top of him, kissing him with every ounce of love he has in him.
The saint within the sinner
"You probably don't remember, but he moved out for a few days, just, um…" she falters and looks at him with pain in her eyes, "just before I died."
“Dean, I'm sorry-” he's cut off by Dean's harsh, clipped tone again.
“Sam,” Castiel says in short greeting.
“No buts!” Dean exclaims, spinning them and pushing Cas toward the bed. “Well not
There is wetness on his cheeks; something that's incredibly rare for an 'angel of the Lord,’ though he hardly feels like one anymore. He doesn't realize he'd been sobbing until his breath stutters in his throat, and his hands angrily attempt to rid his face of the tears. He doesn't even bother wiping off the knees of his slacks; evidence of his pathetic plea to a non-existent father. It's a reminder that he will
“I-I’m not sure…” Jack shakes his head, his brow furrowed and a look of frustrated confusion riddling him. “...what to do.”
Dean tries to nod, but Castiel's hands hold the hunter's head, paralyzed. “Cas,
"It's
“Dean, I'm right here.
Castiel removed his hands, but remained kneeling, eye-to-eye with Dean, studying him, assessing, Dean decided. Dean cleared his throat, but when he spoke, his voice sounded weak, strained.
He snakes his arms around the angel's waist and pulls their bodies flush together , angling his head, and diving into Cas’ mouth. The moan that escapes him when their tongues connect turns a burning ember into a full fledged fire, and his hands are moving before he can stop them. He's pushing the suit jacket off Cas’ shoulders, it drops in a heap on the floor. His fingers are shaking as he works the buttons of the shirt in front of him, Cas’ hands slipping nimbly under Dean's flannel and t-shirt. Dean breaks the kiss, takes a quick breath and mutters a quiet, “fuck”, flicking his tongue on Cas’ bottom lip when the angel's blunt nails scrape from his chest to the button of his jeans. Long, nimble fingers dip between denim fabric and skin, and Dean can barely stand now. Knees buckle, his hips buck forward, earning him a soft gasp from the angel, and Dean's already wrecked.
He feels Cas for the first time, all of him, hard and pressed against him, and he's never been more aroused in his entire life. But it's too fast, and he's too wound up. He knows if he doesn't slow it down, he'll never last, so he takes his angel’s face in his hands and pushes back gently, breaking the kiss. Cas’ expression twists into confused concern.
"No," Dean interrupts, but Cas rushes to continue.
just… keeps… talking.
"Heard you," Dean finishes Cas's sentence.
“Dean.” His angel's voice was gruff and barely audible. “I won't let them separate us again.”
“Then WHAT, DEAN?”
He keeps the gun as steady as possible in his haze, feeling like he's somewhere between still dreaming and full agency, but his morbid curiosity gets the better of him, and he blindly reaches with his free hand to flip on the lamp.
"Dean, I don't understa--"
“Are you sure?”
He kept nodding as Cas pushed into him painstakingly slow, past the initial burn and further until he was flush against him and there was nothing but heat and pleasure. Cas moved precisely at first, grazing the spot Dean knew would be his undoing, Dean alternating between fisting the mattress and touching Cas in as many places he could reach until suddenly the sparks of sensation became a raging inferno and Dean was gasping for air.
"What?"
He raises his hand to flick the TV on, but pauses, glancing at the remote control.
"It's me, Dean," she replies.
“What about Rowena? How do you know that evil bitch? What does she have to do with this? And what the
"It's okay, Dean," Cas whispers. "It'll be okay."
"Yes," Cas breathes into Dean's mouth, and Dean closes the gap. He kisses him hard, deep, pouring all of his anger, his frustration, his pain, his longing into it. Cas grips Dean's sides, then wraps his arms around Dean until there is no space between them. He kisses Dean back with just as much emotion, just as much pain and frustration, and Dean suddenly feels like he's flying. They devour each other until there's nothing left to fight about. Nothing left to keep them at odds… at least nothing on the surface. When Dean finally pulls away, they're both breathless, Cas's arms still tightly surrounding the hunter, and Dean's hands firmly planted in the angel's hair, fingers buried in the dark, impossibly messy strands.
having what I want, only for that asshole to take it away from me.” He feels the anger boiling up in his throat, threatening to close it all together.
He let's himself dwell, but only for a second because he's not thinking about that.
it's barely a whimper. Dean can't manage anymore.
Dean doesn't know how long he's been like this. He may have dozed off because the song he's hearing now is several tracks down from where he started, and he remembers the others as only faint sounds in the background of his mind. He stretches, blinks a few times before opening his eyes to see what time it is, and…
Dean swallows audibly. His stomach takes a nosedive, and he squeezes his eyes shut. “I don’t know if I-- I don’t know if I can do that.”
he wants, other than all of this pain and loss to fucking
being an idiot!"
Dean lowers the gun, glaring as he says, "Well you should know better than to sneak up on me like tha-- wait a minute, what? Sam shot you? Why? I mean, I'm not mad about
“Where are you going?” Dean growls.
"Dean!"
When they finally reach the bunker, Castiel doesn't go in. He
“But--” he inhales a ragged breath. “Sam’s, he-he’s going through the same thing.” His stomach twists because now he’s comparing himself and Cas to Sam and Eileen and holy fucking shit, this is too much. “So, why me?”
“Why the fuck wouldn't I?” Dean replies, shutting and locking the door behind him.
Cas squeezes him tighter, anchoring him. "I know, Dean. I am too. But I'm not going anywhere. I will
I'm--" he shakes his head and turns away for a moment before looking back at Dean with tears swimming in his eyes. The pinball in Dean's head breaks through another barrier. Dean wants to go to him. Despite himself, goddamn it, he wants to wrap him in his arms and profess his forgiveness, but he's not about to do that. "I failed you and I know I did. I failed everyone, and I can never make amends for that."
Dean ignores it and continues. He couldn't stop himself
They lie quietly for a while after, limbs pretzeled around each other, Dean both stunned and in awe of what just transpired, Cas lightly running his long, exquisite fingers up and down Dean's arm. Dean finally dozes off, feeling more calm and more comfortable than he has…
talking about the way Dean feels about another man still makes his stomach twist and lurch inside his body. "You can tell me."
He makes his way back to the Impala, climbing up on the hood and nearly collapsing into himself. Shaking fingers reach up to grip already mangled hair, his breath leaving him in a labored rush as he whispers, "Mom?" Dean says her name like a prayer. There was a time, what feels like a million years ago now, that he would've prayed to Cas. Not now. The angel's just as lost as he is. And Dean can't let himself get past what Cas did… what they
“Shhhh, Dean, I'm here. I'm here,” Cas is speaking in hushed tones, petting the back of Dean's head now, his other arm locked around Dean's shoulders. “I'm not going anywhere.”
Cas sighs, eyes downcast, shoulders slumped. "I'm sorry, Dean. You're obviously not in the mood to talk. I'll just… leave you to rest." He pushes himself off the doorframe and turns to leave.
(See the end of the chapter for
As it turns out, Angel grace is amazing at cleaning up the mess that sex seems to cause, and Dean finds himself exhausted, drifting in and out as Cas slowly drags his fingers up and down Dean's spine, kissing the top of his head. They're tangled up in limbs now, Dean's head nuzzled under Cas’ neck, and there's not much Dean can think of that's better than this.
“Then how are you not a dick exactly? Angel… Dick. Pretty simple, Cas.” Dean realized immediately what he'd said, he just didn't know why the nickname came so fluidly out of his mouth. He did notice, however, Castiel's eyes flash when Dean said it. Though he didn't comment on it, something had changed.
“I’m not going to call you that, Dean. You’re beautiful and complicated. Rough around the edges, and soft and tender as well. I love you.”
“I needn’t be reminded of that, Duma,” Castiel quips, “But there has to be another way.”
Cas. Dirty and afraid and keeping the Leviathan away from Dean.
But it's all right
Every move they've made.
His voice finally breaks.
"No." It's barely audible as he shakes his head.
I know we can make it out alive."
“You do that,” Dean addresses Sam while still staring pointedly at Castiel.
The binging Dean taught him could come in handy tonight.
for you and the Winchesters?”
Bees and monkeys and ham sandwiches.
this!"
They take turns undressing each other. First it's the trench coat, then Dean's flannel. Cas’ fingers work swiftly while Dean feels like he's fumbling with every button, but soon they're both free of every stitch of clothing, staring at each other, both holding back, but just barely.
“Nothing,” the angel smiles before dipping down, capturing Dean’s chin with his lips. He moves down, licking and sucking his way to each nipple, Dean’s back arching off the bed, the sounds he’s making fueling the angel onward until he reaches the apex of his thigh and groin.
could move him. "I'll fight anything. The question is, will you?"
“You better start talking, Zach Morris, before I get my gun and start shooting.” He knows it's a futile threat; knows his gun and the bullets it houses would do nothing, hell, probably wouldn't even bruise the kid, but his mouth has a mind of its own. And look at that, it seems to work.
Dean moves back to where he was, pressing his forehead against Castiel's again. “I don't want you to leave.”
“...but nothing,
“Don't say you promise,” Dean's head snaps towards him, brows furrowed, green eyes blazing.
“So when I thought he was gone again, in Purgatory, I prayed. I-I told him I was sorry, that I don’t know why I get so angry, and I forgive him.” He looks at his mom. “I could never not forgive him… for anything.” She simply nods in response. “And he heard me… a-and it felt
I do seems to help. I went out today to try to find some kind of lead,
“I didn't want to. But she found the case, and Dean wouldn't listen.” He runs his hands through his long hair and rolls his eyes. “Dean never listens. It was a vengeful ghost and she got possessed--”
he begs.
“Three months too long,” Dean muttered under his breath before lifting his gaze back to Cas. “I guess… I guess I was just having a hard time and didn't know why. It's happened before.”
“Don't ask stupid questions,” the angel retorts with a sly grin. “Just close them.”
"I'm an
He's so tired of that name. He's tired of being one, two, three steps behind the devil at every turn. He's tired of always trying to clean up the messes he's made. Always thinking he's helping, when in reality he's only making things worse. He's just… tired. And he feels it deep into his grace.
, Cas. We're in a pissing match with
do. Once the feeling comes back to his legs, and he no longer feels like he could collapse at any moment, the desperate hunter wastes no more time. He marches determinedly toward Cas, the angel's eyes widening a little as he approaches, and wraps his arms so tightly around him that, if the angel needed to breathe, he'd be shit outta luck.
"Don't say you're sorry, just… let me say this, okay?"
, he sounds like a love-sick
"Yeah. Right," Dean replies petulantly.
“Dean!”
"Listen to me, Dean. You fight. You fight with everything you have, and you win. Do you understand me?"
Live for the dying
"I didn't do it to hurt you, Dean!"
Castiel lowers his head to Dean’s chest, driving into him as the hunter’s breath hitches, and he keens. He’s getting close to release, but he can’t seem to slow his ministrations. It’s overwhelming. He loves listening to Dean’s heartbeat, now pounding in his chest like a prisoner trying to break free. It’s music to him, Dean’s heartbeat; so fragile, yet so strong and so incredibly precious.
"Dean," Cas begins, "that felt
All will be forgiven
Minutes find them on the bed, Cas hovering over Dean's naked form, Dean's hands roaming everywhere they can reach. The angel brings their bodies together, hips undulating, grinding, erections sliding together in sync, throats gasping for air.
, Dean,” he hears Sam’s reply as he rounds the doorway, seeing them facing off in the kitchen.
handwriting, it said:
it. "Why are you here?"
Cas shakes his head, the look on his face is one giant goddamn apology and Dean hates it. “Dean. I...I can't be completely certain, but I'm as certain as I can possibly be that the entity just wanted to sleep. I threatened that sleep. I even fought him, Dean, when he tried to make me sleep again. I told him I'd never let him rest if he didn't send me back to you...and Sam, and the next thing I knew, I was waking up in a field in the middle of nowhere.”
"Of course, Dean," Cas sighs, "anything you wish." He walks further into the room and stands awkwardly, in true Castiel style.
. The burden on your shoulders is greater than any human should ever have to bear. But you bear it. All the work you've done. All the lives you've saved. And you have more to save. You
His mind immediately registers images he refuses to accept. Maybe they'd gone on a hunt.
“Dean, you want me to…” he pressed a flattened finger to the area in question and gave it a little pressure. Dean's breath hitched and he nodded.
Dean huffs out a breath. "Oh, okay, let me guess. I've been
itself, I barely remember. Dealing with Gabriel after, I remember quite well.
“Yes.”
“I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Dean. I'm more than sorry, I'm devastated for you.” Cas’ voice reflects his feelings and Dean's wall starts to crumble.
Cas nods. "Yes, Dean."
He and Dean were on a hunt together a few years before. Rugaru, if he remembers correctly near Little Rock, Arkansas. They disposed of it rather easily, but there was another one they hadn't been expecting. It, quite literally, nearly ate Dean alive before the angel could get to it, and
Cas just stares at him in shock. His eyes drift down Dean's face, and it sets him on fire.
Every life they've saved, or
Dean is silent. He feels all of the fight drain from his body. He feels his vision going black, but he blinks until he can see again. He feels like he's been punched in the gut by that mammoth
, he’s a coward and can’t finish the sentence. But he doesn’t have to.
is good enough! I-I have to fix this, and I don’t know how! I-” he takes a shuddering breath, “have to make this right, and I’m failing
I… wanted to be able to stay with you a little longer…" Dean feels like he's on a fucking precipice, about to careen over, and he can't look at him any longer. His eyes dart everywhere but Cas, trying to find
Mary cocks her head to the side, blue eyes thoughtful and musing. “I know you’re not, Dean. Sam doesn’t have the same experiences as you. He didn’t have the same upbringing as you did, even though he was in the same place, did he?” Dean closes his eyes and shakes his head. “He doesn’t have the same memories of me, or the same anger you harbor for what you went through growing up.”
Cas startles at Dean's harsh tone, but looks down the hall only to see Dean is now two doors down, looking aggravated, with his hands thrown in the air. He hides his grin as he stalks toward his old room and grumbles, “Well that wasn't at all necessary.”
Into the nothing
notices, so she continues. "The longing, the miscommunication, the words left unspoken until it's too late."
“I love you so much, Dean, and your brother. And I miss you both more than you’ll ever know.”
fucking let me get this out?"
wrong."
“Dean!”
"As you wish," Cas smiles before kissing him again. "Just… give me a minute to prepare you." His hand begins to glow, and Dean holds up his own, acutely aware that the angel's grace is dwindling.
“Shit, Cas.” Dean's hands slide around Cas’ waist, taking purchase on the swell of his ass. He pulls the angel tighter against him, feeling every inch of his erection. He's never wanted anything more than that cock.
Finally he says, low and dangerous, "What did you do?"
“Dean,” Sam voice is too fucking calm. It pisses Dean off a little more. “Please. Hear him out.” Dean balls his hands into fists, but doesn't reply as Sam turns to address the nephilim. “Tell us how you know that's not the Cas we knew.”
"Cas," Dean's tone has lost all semblance of enmity. "It's not even about that right now, okay?"
Sam and Cas spoke at the same time and all Dean could do was laugh, big and hearty and silently thank that little punk bastard, Gabriel, for bringing back
She's Gone
Castiel will never forget that moment, because that was the first time Dean slid his hand towards the angel's; and the first time a tentative pinky finger curled around his own.
Dean paces, back and forth across the seemingly peaceful, suburban road, but he knows it's the opposite of peaceful. He knows there's no way out of this; he knows all of these people he's trying to save are going to die, including the people he loves, and he knows it's all going to be for nothing.
A noise escapes Dean’s chest that he can’t quite place, and quite fucking frankly, doesn’t want to. So, in true Dean Winchester style, he changes the subject. “I still don’t understand how you’re here. Is this even real? Are-are you just a figment of my imagination? Am I dreaming? You can’t be a ghost because Ca…” he clears his throat before his voice breaks on the angel’s name, “Cas said he saw you. Happy in heaven with Dad. So how?”
“I didn't want to. I'm sorry,” the angel whispers.
Is their friendship even real? Are his
Purgatory? You have to be fucking kidding me. We chalked that up to a monster fairy tale after Crowley’s fuck up, and me and Sam couldn't find it. And how do you even know all this?”
beyond a shadow of a doubt that this...this is his angel.
control of our lives. He's only the writer, Dean, but WE… we are the editors. Why can't you understand that?" His voice is lower, but picks up as his anger takes hold again. He steps into Dean's personal space and levels him with a challenging glare. "The
Perhaps he does feel a little morose.
“Yes, Dean? What is it?” Castiel could sense the sudden anxiety in Dean's voice.
Gabriel?”
Castiel turns his head slightly to the side to address him. “To. My. Room,” tone clipped and equally petulant.
Castiel sinks into the chair he’d just upturned and sighs, his head falling into his hands. “I don’t know what to do, Sam. I’m-I’m at a loss. I… just tried to tell him we’d find Jack, and that I’m sorry.” He looks up at the looming figure before him with tired, watery eyes. Sam’s expression is grim. His hazel eyes red-rimmed and glossy. “I’m so sorry, Sam,” the angel chokes out.
real."
“Let me finish, Dean. I left then, but I'm not doing that now. I'm not doing that again.” His voice becomes rushed, as if Dean's going to force him to leave against his will again, and it guts Dean. “Remember when you were consumed by the Mark. You were headed down a road of losing everyone and everything… except
“Dean, if you say you don't deserve this, or me being here, I will zap you to that deserted island by yourself.”
He doesn't hear his name being called, he only feels Cas’ lips. All over his face. His cheeks, his nose, his chin, his jaw. And then he hears it. “Dean… Dean…” Cas’ lips are so close to his ear, goosebumps erupt all over his skin once more. “Dean open your eyes. Look at me, please.” Dean's eyes flutter open. Cas is searching them, a look of almost fear in his. “Are you okay?” Dean can't respond at first, but one more look into liquid blue eyes and Dean's head is suddenly clear. “I need you to be okay, Dean,” Cas continues, voice pleading.
"Wow! Castiel. I mean, I knew you were pathetic the moment you woke me up, but this?" She laughs again, sinister and, if Dean's being completely honest,
need."
He can't feel anything. His entire body has gone numb. It's silent in the bunker. Maybe Sam left too. Really, though, could he
When the angel comes, he bites down on Dean's shoulder, muffling his cries and if Dean hadn't already finished, that right there would've been his undoing.
Well, that went straight to Dean's dick.
He nudged Cas back a little, just enough for him to stand, and crashed his lips to the angel's in front of him. Cas’ hands flew to the back of Dean's head, fingers kneading into his short hairs. A deep, guttural moan made its way past Dean's lips and he broke away, chest heaving, heart hammering in his chest. His hands shook as he made quick work of the buttons on Cas’ shirt, fisting his hands halfway through and laughing humorlessly.
I won't leave and let you fall behind
"I'm scared, Cas," he breathes out, his voice the tremor of an earthquake.
is dying?”
Castiel doesn’t know how long he sits in that chair, in that library, mind reeling over things spoken and unspoken, praying to no one (because God certainly isn’t listening, and the angels are hard pressed to help him in any way) that they do find Jack, they save him… and they save themselves in the process. What he does know is that there’s no screaming, no nightmares coming from Dean’s room tonight, and that, at least, is an answered prayer.
Dean nods back just as quickly and turns towards the hall. He claps Cas on the shoulder as he passes him, giving a small squeeze, but what he doesn't expect to happen is Cas's hand immediately flying to his own, and landing on top of it. It's such a quick gesture, barely noticeable unless you're paying close attention, but Dean
“Just Cas,” his angel said between breaths. “Jesus was a…” he pulled Dean's head up to kiss him heartily. “... whiney little bitch. I'm offended.” He laughed into Dean's mouth.
Dean?
“Oh-o-okay,” Dean licks his lips and nods like an idiot because he can't form coherent words at the moment. “L-lube’s in the drawer, I never moved it,” he says gruffly.
Sam's takes a breath, as if he's about to say something, something Dean probably doesn't wanna hear, when the nephilim interrupts him suddenly.
He screeches, his body lurching nearly a foot off the bed as his eyes focus on Casti-fucking-el, standing in his doorway, looking at him. He yanks his headphones off, slamming them on the mattress next to him before cursing again and saying, "Cas, what the hell?"
“I was just--” Dean doesn't finish. He can't even describe it. “I'm okay, Cas.”
"Don't listen to her, Dean," Cas pleads.
“Do I look upset with you?” Dean raises his eyebrows, waiting for a reply.
He's glaring, his hold on the gun tightening so much his hand's shaking, willing himself to keep it together until Chuck-posing-as-Mary fucking leaves, when 'she' speaks again.
"Right," Cas replies, indignant. "It's about what's real." He huffs out a breath.
“Open your eyes,” he hears, and he blinks them. They feel dirty, gritty, heavy, as if his eyelids weigh a literal ton. When he finally opens them fully, his vision is blurry. He's still on the ground next to his angel and he doesn't want to get up. Doesn't want to leave him, though he knows he has to. Before he realizes it, Sam’s hand is on his shoulder, tentative, but strong and warm. He blinks a few more times, the sight of his brother's large, looming form finally coming into view, before he brushes Sam’s hand off him and sits up. His back is fucking killing him. The ground around him, though steadying, feels like quicksand. He feels it grabbing his hands, coiling around his wrists like serpents, pulling, sinking him. His body sags.
Castiel’s insides are a twisted mess of emotion as he bounces from understanding to utter devastation for both of them. “I'm sorry, Sam. I'm so sorry.” Sam nods in acknowledgement, audibly swallowing what Castiel knows are tears wanting to resurface. He reaches both hands over and covers Sam's with his. Sam looks up at him now, his eyes swimming, unable to keep the pain at bay. Castiel contemplates hugging him, but hesitates.
Dean shrugs, and shakes his head. "What's the point, man?"
"When you left, it looked like… the way you looked at me, well, it looked like you might need to talk."
Sam doesn't budge. Instead, he inches closer to Dean. “I can't explain why he's not a baby, but I'm not moving, Dean. I'm not.” He shakes his head slowly, swallows the thick lump in his throat. He knows his brother won't hurt him. Not really. “I need you to listen to me right now.”
The End.
~Into The Nothing, Breaking Benjamin
his head is screaming at him.
A sick feeling in the pit of his stomach as he watched black goo ooze out of Cas’ every orifice. His coat cold and drenched and folded neatly in Dean's trembling hands as he clung to it.
Dean wants to say,
“I'm just using it for this, Dean,” Cas replies, leaning over to capture Dean's lips with his own. “You didn't like my grace?” He asks against his mouth.
“Okay, I’m… gonna go talk to Bobby.” Sam says, running a hand through his long hair.
In the boldest move he's ever made, Dean leans into him. The closer he gets to Cas’ face, the faster Dean's chest rises and falls, but Cas never closes his eyes. It's not until Dean presses their foreheads together that Cas’ eyes flutter closed.
Just to take you away again and
“You did
“Jesus fuck!” Dean screws his eyes shut and digs his head into the pillow. The sensation is too much.
"Why are you here, Cas?" He mumbles, fumbling with his Glock before tucking it back in the waistband of his jeans. He hears Cas take a breath and hesitate.
he wanted to know what made Castiel
“Dad was…” Dean can’t finish his sentence. Instead he just huffs out a humorless laugh.
is worried. But if Dean is worried too, that doesn’t mean he’s going to talk to Castiel. Being angry and worried isn’t unusual in any way. It’s interchangeable, in fact. Nevertheless, Castiel sighs and returns a text to Sam.
“Not yet,” the angel answers on heavy breath, pressing their foreheads together. “I know I probably don't deserve it, but can you trust me? Just for a few more moments?”
“I agonized over it for weeks,” he took a deep breath, “well, weeks on earth, days in heaven, until Gabriel cornered me, slapped this ridiculous thing on my coat and said, and I quote, ‘I'm damn tired of watching you pine over that hot piece of monkey meat down there, little bro. Besides that, his giraffe of a brother is much hotter. But if you must choose the Neanderthal of the two, so be it.’ And the next thing I knew, I was standing on your doorstep, while my older brother tried to put dents in your door. He might've left a few.”
Dean replies without words.
It takes him two days, two full fucking days to finish writing this makeshift letter to Castiel, Angel of the- whatever. He barely comes out of his room. His room that is now littered with beer bottles and wadded up paper. He endures strange looks from Sam as he goes into the kitchen periodically for food and well, beer, muttering whatever excuse comes to mind when his brother asks him if he's alright. Cas has been in and out… again, meeting with contacts, going to heaven, trying to find another way to beat Chuck, and if he's being completely honest, he feels like a fucking asshole for holing up in his room, working on his
about it. Sam's got his own burdens, why would he add that one to the flaming trash pile? The happiest he can ever remember being was when he got Cas back. His
"Fuck you, Cas," he growls as he turns around to level a dangerous look towards his so-called friend. Cas's expression is solemn, remorseful. Good. "I told you never to say her name again and I fucking meant it." He points a finger at Cas, his voice cracking as he continues, "You keep her name
"Huh?" Dean plays dumb. He chances a glance over at Cas, who's just staring at him curiously, and his heart thuds in his chest. He quickly looks back at his brother.
"Just get in the damn car, Cas!"
Cas laughed, and the sound made Dean's  heart thud in his chest. “Nothing like that. He didn't
“I promise.” It's Castiel who leans in this time, kissing Dean softly, but Dean's too hungry for it. He launches towards the angel, pressing him hard against the wall, devouring, pleading with the action of his lips, and Castiel is straining against his pants. He pushes Dean back, breaking the kiss before the fire consumes him, and Dean looks crushed.
Dean's eyes go wide with terror as he stares at Cas's crumpled face, a multitude of emotions passing through the angel's oceanic eyes; sadness, love, remorse, pain.
about this is comfortable, Cas--"
The thing just stares. Sam backs up slowly, gesturing for it to come down the stairs, one hand still held up at the pointed gun. The nephilim takes a tentative step, then another, until he's on the bottom stair. Dean’s fingers once again flex around the gun.
“Do you want me to…” he allowed that finger to penetrate the hole just barely, and Dean arched his back, pleasure wrecking him.
"Save your grace, there's lube in the drawer."
even real? Is anything?
"Shh, Cas." Dean smiles softly, and Cas obeys. "M-My whole life, I've been a soldier. What-what I felt about people always got sidelined in order to get the job done, ya know?" He notices Cas nodding again in understanding. "I remember feeling love from my mom when I was little, but a-after she died, I-I dunno, man, I thought what my dad showed me was love and I guess…"
your fault. You have to understand that.” Cas stood up, bringing Dean up with him effortlessly, and Dean fell into him. He wrapped his arms around his angel tighter than he ever had before, tighter than Purgatory, and he held onto him. Cas’ arms immediately circled Dean's waist, pulling him in impossibly closer. It wasn't close enough.
“Don’t kill each other while I’m gone, for fuck’s sake.”
Dean could've sworn he saw Castiel roll his eyes slightly, and his finger itched to squeeze the trigger just on principle. But he refrained because when those blue eyes met his again, he saw it. Pain. Almost anguish. Dean swallowed hard.
that nothing is that easy. “But...it didn't want to let me go. It tried to keep me there by showing me all my failings, all the misery I caused here.” Dean's heart clenches and rage boils in his blood at this thing he doesn't even know as he listens to his angel's tone turn wistful and fucking melancholy.
The angel turns all the way around now to look, or continue glaring, rather, at Dean. “I don’t feel much like
"Dean?"
"You don't have to repeat yourself, Dean."
Dean stands, the sudden surge of rage he feels bringing feeling back to his legs.
"Mm'sorry," Dean mumbles.
?” Dean's voice sounded hoarse all of a sudden, foreign. “How I feel about… but I don't even know you, how--”
, for fuck's sake!"
“I won't.”
“Yes,” Cas agrees, flicking open the button on Dean's fly with one hand, the other gripping Dean's head and pulling him in for a blistering kiss.
His back is to the doorway when he hears movement behind him. As if someone started walking in the room, but stopped abruptly. He turns his head, looking through his peripheral vision, and sees Dean, sleep rumpled, hair in disarray, and overall stunning. He shifts his eyes a little more to see that Dean is staring at him, his expression unreadable, blank, and it sparks a fire deep in his belly that he wasn’t expecting. Suddenly, he’s no longer apathetic. He’s
He's gutted.
(Episode 13x05 coda)
“Yes, but…” he takes a breath, “I don't wanna come in you. I want
Sam's expression is riddled with concern but Dean ignores it. The muscles in his arm cinch tighter, fingers flex around the handle of his glock. “I swear to fucking God, Sam, I'm not playing. If you don't move…”
it - which makes him even harder - and kneels down in front of him. Without a word, he licks the angel's cock from base to tip and flicks his tongue.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam replies on a heavy breath. His eyes are red-rimmed and glassy, as if he's been crying, or trying not to cry, and Castiel is instantly alarmed.
Faded and weary
He swallows the unwanted emotion building in his throat, and picks up the small device, pressing the button, watching the screen come to life with images of lions basking in the African sun, the females tending to their young. Castiel smiles for the second time tonight.
His phone rings once more, on his drive back, but he ignores it. He doesn’t trust his voice, nor his ability to hold a civil conversation at the moment. Inky blackness surrounds him once again.
him already, but he needs it to be right for once in his godforsaken life. "I guess we could all use a little bit of a respite. Just…" he gestures at Dean's 'research' and continues, "let Sam and I know when you're ready." Dean nods, smiles back at the angel, feeling heat creep up his neck and pleading with his own physiology to calm the fuck down before his face explodes.
“Dean,” Mary’s expression and tone turns almost chastising. “I knew the moment I met him and saw the two of you together. Every time I saw you two together, even when you argued and fought, it was so undeniably obvious.”
as idiotic as he
“That would be the one,” Cas said with a wry grin.
“Fuck you too, Dean!” Castiel plants his feet, eyeing Dean's clenched fists. He speculates a punch is coming, but it doesn't, so the angel elaborates. “So of you just came in here to 'rough me up,’” he air quotes, “please… just… leave me alone.”
your body, Cas.
to-to change up the story, so to speak? Because you… and your brother… and eventually
Dean immediately obeys. He feels the heat again, centered in his belly, spiralling out of control now as the phantom fingers  continue to work him into a frenzy. His cock is so hard, it's weeping. He tries to move, to piston his hips for more friction, but it's futile. It's too much and not enough all at once. He feels them working him over, he feels his ass being penetrated and
real. Everything we've felt, all the pain, all the broken hearts, even all the joy,
the angel had mused aloud, his curiosity genuine,
Naomi.
“I can't.”
“You already said it, Dean,” Cas quips. “You're happy I'm back and that's all I need.”
“You're making fun of me.” Dean tried to sound petulant, but the sound of Cas’ laughter was too beautiful in his ears.
clear in the kitchen, Dean. And I thought I made myself clear as well. I’m tired.”
He was never more relieved when he found that angel, and even more mollified to know Cas had heard his prayer, but there were words left unspoken. He knows it. And for the goddamn life of him, he doesn't know how to move forward. So the nightmares continue. Cas leaving and Dean watching him go, helpless to stop him. In his dreams since they returned home, he only finds Cas's lifeless body in Purgatory. He screams until he's hoarse for him to
“Fuck you, dude,” Dean replies, but his tone is light, breathy. “That was...holy shit.”
Losing Cas again. Despair, longing, hallucinations and then he was just…
And yes,
“If you hurt him…”
"Wanna feel you inside me, my angel." Dean's voice is strained.
of whatever he did, or because of Dean's outburst, maybe both, but he tries to calm himself down.
His hand shakes as he raises the gun again and cocks it. "You're not her," he hisses. She only stares back at him with soft eyes. He closes his own tightly, letting out a huff of breath before opening them again. Still, he finds her there. "You're not Mary," he continues, "my mom is
The pounding on the door came yet again, and if he hadn't already known the bunker door was bulletproof, he'd have taken pleasure in emptying the glock into it.
Cas answers him silently by stepping forward and wrapping his arms around the boy, who immediately reciprocates. They're quietly embracing for what seems like a long while before Cas speaks. Dean's unsure if he and Sam are meant to hear the words Cas speaks, but it doesn't seem that the angel wants any secrets.
If he didn't have people he cared about more than anything in this world, he'd think about putting himself to sleep. But he won't think about that. He'll never think about that. Instead, he'll let his brain torture him as long as it takes. Maybe if he stays in here long enough, she'll be in the library, studying Dad's journal and marveling at modern technology when he decides to come out.
“Shit,” Dean hisses, “Cas, you can't do that. Not right now.”
"We mended it, mostly, but…"
Back.
of his room before he dies of embarrassment if he could feel his fucking body, but he can't. "You don't feel the same?” he throws his hands in the air. "Fine! Then just say it!"
, I wish you were here right now. I-- I don't know what to do this time. Me and Sammy… and C-Cas, we're at a loss. I dunno how to fight the most powerful being on earth. I dunno how we're gonna save these people. I-I dunno if we're gonna make it through this alive. Not this time. And there's no help. God did this. Hell, Mom, I don't even know what's real anymore."
"Just see if there's anything in those weapons that will help us against the Leviathan," Dean says.
Dean went in to the bathroom to take his own shower. Sam had bedded down in the hallway outside the laundry room, as if he'd known Dean would want to keep an eye on him while he waited to move the clothes. Cas was dead. They'd almost lost Bobby. But until he found a way to screw it up, Dean still had Sam.
In the end, it was a simple thing. Ablutions to remove the pollen from Dean's body, already accomplished by his shower, and the ash of an angel's moulting to counteract any effects that had already taken hold. He would pluck out some of his feathers when Dean awoke, but there was no sense in disturbing him now. Castiel's body made him aware of an indignity he had not thought to suffer once he regained his grace, but he did not mind it, and if this was his only opportunity to be aroused with Dean curled around him, then he would not waste it by ending it too soon.
Sam hesitated. "We don't have to stay here," he said. "We drove by plenty of boarded up places getting here."
"No, I don't suppose that you do." Death held the ring out to Dean. "On your head be it. But remember, there's always a price. Whatever happens, you won't come back unchanged. Any other stupid questions before I tell you how to stop Crowley?"
When Dean was done in the kitchen, he brought out a huge plate of nachos and set it on the table next to Castiel. He pulled a chair over, sitting as close to Castiel as possible while being in his own chair and leaned over, resting his head on Castiel's shoulder. "Find anything?"
Castiel has permission to cross the barrier in order to assure that Heaven is working as it should under its new parameters, so long as no one sees or hears him. He spends a lot of time making sure that beloved objects, the ones loved into realness, make it to Heaven. Even if they are made of metal, vinyl and rubber.
"Doing something you would never normally do." Cas shook his head. "I am soldier. Love is not the bailiwick of my class. It's uncertain what effect the pollen may have on you. We could consult —"
"That makes no sense."
"I'm going to check in with Bobby first. If the electricity's working, don't turn on any lights. Your eyes will adjust. We don't need the neighbors calling the cops."
"The visions, the smells of hell can go as well, but not unless you manage to stop Crowley."
"So, what? I stay in the bunker, so I don't pick up some chick at a bar and eat her?"
Too late. Dean's vision was already dimming. "Just needed to talk to him."
He rubbed the ash on Dean's forehead and began chanting in Enochian again. Given that there was nothing wrong with him, he wondered how they were supposed to know whether it worked, after all, he'd like to get back to kissing Cas. Kissing … Cas? Dean felt a blush begin as the chanting stopped. He stepped back, putting distance between himself and Cas. "It worked." He couldn't possibly look at Cas. He scowled at his brother instead. "You better have filled up the gas tank before you got here."
Castiel sleeps. These are the things he dreams of: a door opening, a bargain with a demon, a lie to a friend, a wall broken, the release of monsters, deaths and deaths and deaths, a meteor shower,  a fist to a face, a love spoken late.
"Fine," Sam shortly. Dean heard him roll over on the bed. "Sorry," Sam said. He hated waking Dean, but there was no help for it. Dean wasn't as light a sleeper as he had sometimes wished when Sam had snuck out or someone,
Dean woke and bolted out of bed. Sam was standing in the room. Sam was fine—he was fine. Dean caught him up in a tight hug. It was just a dream, not real. Sam had never been on his table, had never seen what—
Castiel subsided. Sam would be able to keep Dean distracted once he arrived. "As long as you don't try to completely suppress it, it shouldn't get any worse immediately without an object of affection."
"No, this is too easy. What are you really getting out of this?"
Dean took the closest one of Castiel's hands and placed it on his own shoulder. That felt better, he thought, as he pulled the blanket up. "Perfect," Dean yawned.
Sam still has not forgiven Dean.
Sam made a sound that Dean chose to believe was a cough and not a giggle. "I'm going to, um, laundry," he said, scooping up his duffel and leaving the two of them alone.
"He's fine," Dean repeated.
"At least use Robin," he heard Sam snap from the shower as he walked back out.
There are still some walls in Heaven, though mostly they are fluid. People who don’t wish to see each other. People who were content with the lives they had and the way they lived and have no curiosity about any other place and time on Earth. People who prefer to still live in their memories, because Jack gave everyone a choice.
Castiel can't blame him for thinking something that is so obviously true, but it's not like Dean ever wanted to talk before. "It changes nothing for you," Castiel says. "Forget you found out."
There was a Studebaker in the garage, and a Corvette, and a lot of other classics that made Dean's hands shake and his mouth water. There was a shelving unit along one wall with a fortune in spare parts, still in the original boxes, and Dean felt like he'd stumbled on an entirely new definition of fully stocked.
"My relationship with Dean goes beyond carnality," Castiel says haughtily and changes the subject to how they're going to get back to Earth while carrying the weapons without being spotted.
"Dean."
He looks at the newspaper and thinks about catching up on a movie. Thinks about offering to get a start on that cataloging Sam was always going on about. It might be fun to do a little exploring. It might even be a little dangerous. Dean isn't adverse to the idea of encountering another hot chick like Dorothy Gayle, especially if this time there's no witch to worry about. He looks over at Sam and Cas, heads bent together, murmuring in Enochian, and the offer dies in his throat.
"And what do you want from me in exchange?"
"—declares himself God and tries to rule the planet?"
The distraction worked. Sam broke eye contact. "I don't think he's going to know any more than I do. Not with his library cut in half."
And once Dean led them there, all Cas had to do was touch them and they disappeared. Cas swore they weren't inside of him, and Dean believed it. Maybe he shouldn't, but Dean didn't have much left to believe in anyway. Maybe because of the other thing he didn't like to think about. How even though the ring guided him to the leviathan (or to his enemies), he didn't feel that tug that he'd felt when he was searching for Cas, an awareness that hadn't gone away.
"Usually the other person doesn't really mind," Castiel snaps. He glares at Dean for good measure. It's not like Dean needs to rub it in his face. "This hasn't happened for three thousand years. I had no way of knowing — things were different then. I wouldn't have chosen you." Wouldn't have chosen to be bound to someone unwilling.
"Could you put some clothes on?"
"Yeah, I already called Sheriff Mills."
Without saying another word, Sam put the car back into drive and made for the house they'd be staying in.
"Ignoring what was going on with you is how things got so twisted around between us last year, Cas. The whole so-I-married-an-angel thing. What the hell is going on?"
His brother swallowed hard, but looked him straight in the eye. "Demons lie," Sam said finally. "Everyone knows that."
For a brief moment, Dean considered telling Sam all of it, the dreams, the phantom pains and smells and sounds. The fact that he just couldn't take it anymore. But then he saw that Sam was staring at his hand as if he wasn't sure Dean was real. He didn't do anything, though. Maybe he didn't want to know if Dean was real. Dean refused to mix him up any more. "I don't need to have a heart-to-heart with my little brother about my feelings. Don't ask me questions you don't want to hear the answers to."
Dean laughed and slung an arm over Castiel's shoulder, drawing him in to a sharp side hug. "Good thing you're not a busty Asian chick then," he said, and Castiel bit his tongue to avoid pointing out the obvious and shrugged out of Dean's half-embrace.
Dean's eyes narrowed. "I swear on my mother's grave."
you or anyone else could do to convince him of that," Castiel said. "All you're doing is hurting him."
"Demons can."
"You're dead right now. If I thought killing you would get rid of you, Dean, you would have been off of this chess board a long time ago. No, the power I am about to offer you wasn't meant for humans, Dean. You keep using it and it will rip you apart, and when it does it won't just kill you. It will smear your atoms across the dimensions. There will be no return from that."
"What?" Dean pulled Castiel around a bit to face him, though his hands continued making comforting circles on his shoulders. "Am I dying or something?"
"I learned my lesson," Dean says with the faintest twist to his mouth. "You want this, don't you?"
Castiel eyed the translation pile he and Sam had left heaped at the end of the table with a sigh. "No, Dean."
"You haven't," Dean said.
Dean found another bottle and took a long drink. Sam's face was screwed up in annoyance. "It's gasoline-free," Dean assured. Sam rolled his eyes. Dean looked away. He couldn't see Castiel, but he could feel his eyes on him and knew Castiel was giving him the same look as Sam. Or as close to it as he could come. "I know," Dean said to Sam finally. "Do you want him to go?"
He heard the thud of Sam's duffel hitting the floor and pushed himself up off the couch as fast as he could. Sam had asked him to take care of Dean and instead he'd found him —. "I found a cure; I just need a moment to —" Castiel choked out and fled.
Sam rubbed at his face. "Because he'd burn the world down to save me," Sam said. "Unless I convince him I'm not worth saving."
Sam drew back and gaped at him. "That's all? When I came in, you were, um, being really affectionate."
"I won't."  Castiel squeezed his thigh. Dean's hands remained firmly on the wheel. "Trust me."
Castiel closed his eyes and reminded himself that Dean had showed more faith in him than anyone else ever in Castiel's long life, more faith than someone like Dean ought to have in anyone after all he'd been through, and much of it at the hands of angels. "We can try," he agreed.
"Hey, fuck you, I'd make an awesome husband," Dean shoots back.
Dean looked down at his hands. "This will work," he said.
"I — you didn't use to ask this many questions, Dean."
"Something like that."
"Sam," Castiel replied gravely.
"I don't know," Dean says, all insouciance gone from his tone. "Space and time to figure it out before — before you do anything permanent," he says. "Sometimes I can forget," Dean says. "But sometimes I remember," Dean warns.
"That's really not something you want to bring up around me just yet, Cas."
"The cars can wait," Castiel said. "I would prefer to continue reading through these papers to see if there is a cure. The Men of Letters had to have had some reason to store the pollen."
"What?" he says when he gets there, though he suspects he knows when he sees Sam isn't around. "Dean, this is a very bad time —"
"My grace may have had an affect regardless. When the cloud swamped you, I was concerned for you, and I may have inadvertently …" Castiel let his voice trail off. He had tried, repeatedly, to make a life for himself without Dean. But it never seemed to work out, and he simply couldn't tell Dean that the feelings he had for him may have influenced the pollen. At best, Dean would be uncomfortable. At worst, Dean might distance himself, and Castiel knew that right now, while the angel war was still consuming the Earth, that Dean needed him more than ever to help fix things. Castiel swallowed and started over. "Dean, when you walked in you gave me a back rub."
"Yeah, about five hundred more of those, and I might start to think about forgiving you. This is where the leviathan is. I can feel it." Dean softened and began straightening Castiel's tie. "Come on, you look completely different." He gave Cas's chest a little pat. "You've got that whole naive child thing back that you used to have."
Calling Bobby meant calling Jody. Bobby was staying with her while he recuperated from his gun shot wound. "This is Sheriff Jody Mills."
"Yes."
The three of them stood there for a minute. Then abruptly into the silence Cas said, "I apologize. I shouldn't have let you kiss me."
"You looked tense! I was —"
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Lay it to rest, Sam. Don't make me lie to you."
"Lately, I haven't just been remembering things from down there."
"Good," Dean pulled out his bottle and set it on the table, waiting to see what Sam had to say.
Dean was silent for a moment, mulling it over. "Oh," he said precisely. "I hadn't—"
With a deep breath, he stepped through the veil.
"Where's Cas?" Sam's lips twitched. "What?"
"Come on then."
Not from the available evidence, Castiel thinks darkly. It's because Dean is an assbut, not because he's disappointed Dean isn't happy. It's
"I know what he means to you." Dean made a move to protest. Sam zipped up Dean's duffel and shoved it at his stomach, cutting him off. "He was my friend, too. It's not that. You don't think when he's around." Sam brushed his fingers over the ring Dean wore.
Dean spent the night drinking and peeled himself out of bed late the next morning, stumbling into the kitchen in last night's clothes. Castiel watched as he began scrubbing at a frying pan, which was more than clean by the time Castiel reached over and shut off the water. Castiel took the pan out of his hand and cracked two eggs into it. They weren't farm fresh, but Dean didn't notice the details Castiel had come to appreciate his last few years on Earth. "He'll come around," Castiel said.
Dean hadn't wanted Sam to stay for this, but Sam hadn't left. Dean wasn't going to suggest he was too delicate in front of an audience.
Dean leaned sidewise for a moment, letting their shoulders brush, and Castiel had no idea what that meant. He tilted his head again. "You shrank from every touch I gave you, and I know that means I should stop. I'm not one of those jerks who pushes himself on people, Cas. I'm not."
Castiel is getting ready to leave the barrier when he sees a light, a crack opening up, and a doorway appearing. He hears Sam’s voice. “I can’t believe you talked me into this.” The brothers walk through the doorway.
The demon ignored Dean and kept staring at Sam. "But I think it was the talking that did it as much as anything else when I got put on your brother's table. Do you know what he said to me?" The demon leaned forward into the knife with a little smile, as if he were sharing a secret. Too bad. There was no way the knife hadn't penetrated an organ. Dean had been hoping the meat suit would be alive after the demon was exorcised. "'Do you have any family?' he said. "'A lot of people they come in here, clinging to the thoughts of their loved ones. Whoever you're thinking about, brother, wife, daughter, son, doesn't matter. They don't care about you. They've forgotten all about you. I know. I had a brother once, and he left me here to rot. You remind me of him.' Then he smiled. The biggest smile I've ever seen in hell and said 'That's why I'm going to enjoy this so much.'" Dean sprayed holy water in his eyes, watched them smoke, pleased when the demon finally shut up. He glanced over at Sam.
By the time Castiel returns to Heaven, Meg has already stolen the weapons in that particular cache and is lying low in a soldier's memory of a particularly welcoming homecoming while she waits. Demons can't enter or exit heaven on their own, and Castiel can't steal the weapons and hold the sendings back at the same time. Their partnership is a mutually beneficial arrangement. If Castiel worries about this one going as badly as his last one did, at least he knows the Winchesters are already aware of it.
“Then prove it,” he challenged. “Or I shoot your ass and go sleep off the rest of my hangover.”
The drive back to the bunker, after saying a final goodbye to the shell that was supposed to be Mary Winchester, is daunting in every sense of the word. Castiel sits in the backseat of the Impala, Sam and Dean in the front, which isn't unusual, but there's no music, no words spoken; anger, despair and regret hangs in the air like a suffocating fog around them, and it just feels so
"Chuck?" The thing posing as Mary questions. And
“That's bullshit,” he finally mutters, staring down at the angel's body. “I saw him, Sam, you--you saw him,” his voice sounds uncertain, and he hates it. “Sam?” He finally looks up at his brother. Sam's brow is furrowed, mouth set in a hard line, mulling over something in his head. “Hey!”
“I'm sorry,” Dean whispers, “I just...I just need to touch you.” he clears his raw throat. “I just need to make sure you're real.”
A snarling grin adorns her face. "What is it that they say? Gentlemen and... gentlemen!" She raises her hands in the air. "The moment you've all… well, me, anyway… the moment
The fight Dean lost just moments ago, comes rushing back to him. He doesn't wanna fight Cas, he wants to fight
And that's it. With that one word. Dean's wall crumbles to the ground. He's exposed. His chest is wide open, blood and guts, heart and soul, everything laid out for this angel of the goddamn Lord he can't seem to live without. He turns and grabs him, wrapping his arms around Cas’ shoulders so tight, if he was a normal human, he'd probably be crushed. But Cas just holds him back, stroking his hands up and down Dean's back before fisting them in Dean's shirt. Cas just holds him. He holds him as Dean shudders out breath after breath, trying not to sob. There are no words needed for Dean to understand what this means. But then he pulls back, and Cas let's him go. Dean can't go far, though, his body… his
A barn. Lights exploding around a walking figure in a trench coat.
The angel squares his jaw. “Then I'll ask you one more time before I throw you out of my room. What. The
“For the most part. I used to be a CPA, but now I freelance. So many people need help with taxes, but it’s not that hard actually.”
Dean pulls away for just enough space to kiss Cas again. Cas kisses back. He'll never get high again if it means he can have Dean like this.
. He clenches his fists.
Dean turns and flicks his gaze over Cas. He isn’t sure what brought on his shift in tone. “Yeah?”
Dean hesitated. He usually didn't go to bars during the day. But then he remembered the missing whiskey bottle and unanswered prayers. It just made him want to piss off Cas more, so he pulled into the parking lot. After all, he had nothing to lose. Cas wasn't answering his prayers. He had no fucking clue where Sam was. So why not get blackout drunk?
“No. Kansas. Born and raised.”
And Dean can tell by Cas' tone that he is going to tell Dean to let go or something. Dean doesn't want that. "Shh," Dean says.
"What's up?" Dean asked Cas once he managed to find his footing. He ignored the sound of the truck's door closing, and its ignition. He was still disappointed even if it had been completely spontaneous.
to shove his feelings away. But now…now he just feels nothing. It’s as if his emotions have left on their own. Only to be seen when they’re ready to come out. Dean thinks that day might never come. He hopes it won’t ever come. Because he knows when it does, it’s going to
Sam turned to look at him.
Dean looks at him. “You don’t have to say anything, because that was—that was
Cas pulled his hands away. His gaze momentarily flickered to the ground, and his cheeks darkened the slightest bit. "Sorry if I came on too strong earlier."
He doesn’t think I know, but I do. It started with the small things. The tired sighs. The bags under his eyes. Then he started yawning. He would always turn away from me, but I still noticed. Sometimes, when I come to visit for a few days, my stuff in the shower will be all rearranged. And, dear god, Cas uses
"I said it was nothing." Dean yanked the keys out of the car opened the door and left.
Castiel nods, not quite sure what just happened. “Okay.” He forgets to move until Dean’s gaze shifts away. Castiel knows he was staring and quickly heads to Dean’s room to hide his embarrassment.
"At lease we're here now."
Cas grabs it and frowns. "This isn't brownies."
Dean pushed Cas back. Wait...he knew that voice.
Cas looks outside again and swallows. “Yes, well, that didn’t work out,” he says quietly.
“What a bitch,” Dean states.
Dean grins. “So bossy.” But he puts the keys in the ignition and the car purrs.
Whoa.
Cas gently sets the honey jar down on the island and steps towards Dean, grabbing both of his hands. Cas interlaces their fingers, and Dean thinks he’s having a heart attack with how fast and loud his heart is beating. Cas tugs Dean closer.
Cas' stomach does a somersault. "No." But Cas is beginning to get an idea. He's in love with Dean. He never intended to tell Dean, but maybe thinking he was going to die changed that. Cas leans in a bit closer.
He punches the wall.
Dean flipped through the channels before he found a movie and left it on. He leaned against the headboard and closed his eyes. Feeling Cas' body heat next to him made everything seem just a little better. He scooted a little closer to the angel, so their shoulders touched. Lately, with Sam gone, touching Cas was the only thing that seemed to anchor Dean.
. Why did he hand that Cas? And why did he stare that whole time? It's not like Cas can even taste it. Not really.
This isn't good. Panic swells in Cas' chest. "...Dean?"
Dean shrugs. “That’s fine. I mean, I’m sure I’m loud sometimes, so, uh, just tell me if I am. And I’ll tell you if you’re annoying, too.”
Dean shrugs. “It reminds me of you.” And then he freezes. His shoulders tense, and he stares blankly ahead.
Castiel looks down at his food. “Just what I normally do.”
Cas' eyes narrowed at him accusingly.
high?"
Dean grins back and holds his arms out. “C’mon. I’ll help you stand.”
"I should get going," Cas stated.
“Say what?” Castiel tilts his head in confusion.
Cas shifts beside him, and Dean nearly jumps out of his skin. Thankfully, Cas doesn't seem to notice. Cas' breathing evens out. Dean closes his eyes and focuses on the sound. He wants this so fucking bad it hurts. He squeezes his eyes shut harder when he feels the pin-prickle of tears forming. He won't cry. Not on a good day like today. He spent way too many nights drinking and crying himself to sleep when he thought Cas was dead forever. He won't do that when he has Cas literally right next to him. Dean swallows down the lump forming in his throat. As sleep tugs at his mind and consciousness begins to fade, he can't help but think,
"What?" Cas asks irritably.
Castiel smiles. “Yes, I am.”
As the credits are rolling, Cas leans over with a mischievous gleam in his eyes and whispers, “Did you know, if you’re stealthy enough, you can sneak into other movies for free?”
he was gone. But when I saw him again, I just couldn’t be mad, and I couldn’t say no, let alone argue with him. Plus, the longer I go without fighting him on it, the worse it will be if I do bring it up.
Cas turned back. "Yes, Dean?" Cas tilted his head. Fuck. That was cute. "Cute?"
"Wait, Dean." Cas grabs Dean's sleeve and steps closer to him. "Thank you."
He stares at his phone. He’s really selling his piano. Castiel isn’t quite sure how to feel about it, so he blindly reaches for his wine bottle and finds it. He brings it to his lips and swallows before looking back down at his phone. Everything is horrible.
"I'm sorry," Cas apologized. "I brought you breakfast."
Dean closed his eyes and allowed himself to believe it. He was so tired of holding back in fear of losing the people he loved. He was so sick of being afraid of losing everyone. So, instead, he focused on Cas' warmth, and the excitement of this finally happening.
Cas doesn’t look any more reassured, so I pull him into another hug.
"It means the oven is warm enough to put the brownies in." Dean walks over to the mixing bowl, grabs the ladle next to it, and walks over to the oven. Cas curiously follows. "I set this pan up for the brownies," Dean further explains before concentrating on scooping the mix and placing it into the pan. The alcohol is messing with his motor skills a bit.
some bitch cut me off in the checkout line. She had like fifty items, too. I thought I was the better person for letting it go, but the more I think about it, the more I regret not saying anything.
"Dude, what happened to you?" Dean asked, still inspecting his brother.
“What? No, no, of course not,” Dean says quickly. “Besides, it looks good on you.” He gives Castiel that small smile again, but it doesn’t reach his eyes.
It's probably because Cas was expecting to get laid all day, but this turns him on. He's also starting to feel the full effects of his drug mixture, making him carefree and giggly. And there's also Dean. If he's being honest, he's wanted to fuck Dean for a while now. A long while. Cas finds himself gripping onto Dean's arm and staring at his lips.
Dean smiles back. "Awesome."
In the middle of Cas' little rant, he spots a group of large red flowers and heads towards them, stopping mid-sentence. Cas gently caresses one of the red petals as if his very touch will disintegrate the plant.
They hug for an embarrassingly long time, but Dean doesn't care. He closes his eyes and takes in this moment. The warm evening breeze. The sweet scent of the flowers. Cas fitting perfectly into his arms. Dean knows he'll never forget this moment. He wants to imprint every detail into his mind.
Cas. Dean opens his eyes.
“Shhh,” I try again.
“She did
“Hey, drama queen.”
Dean couldn't find his voice, so he placed a gentle hand on Cas' hip. He was internally screaming at himself to stop. That he was ruining his friendship with Cas. He was crossing all sort of lines. But Cas didn't do anything to stop him.
"You'll probably have sex, Cas," Dean said quickly.
"Why did you call for me?"
Who the fuck was Cas to suddenly take charge of his life? If Dean wanted to get drunk again, than he would. Besides, his head might be swimming, but he still felt shitty. He wasn't drunk enough to feel happy yet. Dean lurched towards the bottle.
"Dean!"
They both get back into Cas’ Jeep around dinnertime, and Dean says,
“Oh my god!” Dean exclaims. “Can you stop embarrassing me for two seconds?”
Cas looks up.
He just finished setting his last shot glass down when someone sat down beside him. It was a guy around Dean's age with dark stubble and bleached blond hair beginning to darken at the roots. He had colorful tattoos swirling up his arms. They were pretty. The man turned to look at Dean, and the way he had to brush his hair from his eyes made Dean feel...something. He smiled playfully at Dean, and Dean felt his heart flutter.
And Cas smiles at me with that warm, radiating smile from earlier today.
"Oh."
"How could I
That seems satisfactory, and they relax. They interlace their fingers with the hand Dean has draped over their waist. Dean pulls them closer. He's so fucking needy and lonely. He wishes he was holding Cas. He pretends he is.
"W-what?" He started to pull away.
Dean continued to ignore him.
He wants Cas.
“Oh, that sounds enjoyable.” Castiel sets the plate down.
Dean closed the trunk, still holding the takeout, and turned to speak to him. "Not sure yet. I'm sure something will come up soon enough." Then Dean realized he'd placed a hand on Cas' arm. He quickly took it off. Dean walked to the driver's side and stopped. Cas was on the passenger's side.
“You called him Jack.”
"Shh, go to sleep," he murmurs.
Dean throws his hands up in the air in frustration, his adrenaline hitting him now as the shock wears off. “These things don’t just
Cas swallows more blood. He opens his mouth to speak, but struggles to breathe. He isn't going to be able to say everything he wants to. He won't be able to tell Dean he's in love with him. Panic rises in his chest. He suddenly gets an idea and knows he needs to act quickly. He can feel himself slipping away.
“Good. Let’s go.” Cas suddenly gets up, and Dean almost has to run to catch up with him.
. I didn't even want to open it. I just had to hold it. I quickly stepped towards it and grabbed it. It was cold. Wow, it was
Oh my god, Dean had said that
“Wait!” Castiel blurts. He’s just as surprised at his outburst as Dean is. Dean freezes before turning to stare at Castiel. “Dean, are you okay?” Castiel asks.
“Yes.” And Cas looks at him again. “But you’ll like it.”
His gaze becomes wistful, and he turns to look into the kitchen. “Didn’t you say you were making spaghetti?”
That's right. He was in a motel somewhere in Tennessee. He'd stopped for the night. His breathing was finally getting under control, and Dean realized Cas was sitting on the bed next to him.
“Nice piano,” Dean comments. He glances at Cas. “You trying to bring it in?”
Castiel feels his cheeks turn red. “I’m a bit hungover, but come in.” He opens the door fully and steps aside.
“Yeah, I guess.”
Dean makes Castiel feel so good. Castiel is always happy being around Dean. He smiles the most when he's with Dean. Castiel isn't sure why. It feels like, well, magic. It's nothing like anything else he feels. Dean makes him feel many physical sensations, too. Like rushes of adrenaline and a fluttering sensation in his stomach. But it is also terrible. Castiel wants more. He wants to touch Dean. Hold him. Have Dean hold him. Kiss. It's strange. Castiel somehow feels lonely even when he's next to Dean. He knows Dean doesn't feel the same, and it hurts. It's not a physical pain, but there is no other way to describe how painful the emotions feel other than saying they hurt.
“No, but…” Dean looks at his boots.
“Wait, wait!” Sam says. “Mom wants to say hi. And meet Castiel.”
"Maybe..." Dean's voice is hesitant. He licks his lips. "Maybe I can help you remember."
The only person Dean has ever been in a semi-serious relationship with is Lisa. It was right before he went to prison. He just turned twenty, and she just graduated high school. She was into bad boys, and Dean was weak for any woman who had eyes for him. He’s a clingy, self-loathing bastard, so any attention he got, he took. And Lisa gave him so much attention. They went steady for almost a year before he was arrested. Lisa had meant the world to him. But the second he was in hot water, she bailed. Which is fair, but she didn’t even say goodbye. She was just gone one day. It really did a number on him. If his self-confidence was low before then, it was rock bottom now. The only person who was there for him through all of that was Sam.
Dean crossed his arms, trying to show that he was frustrated, but his cheeks were still red from embarrassment. "Nothing happened."
Right. Of course. What else would Cas be talking about? That's when it hit Dean just how cold it was outside. He'd left his jacket inside, so he only had his flannel, t-shirt, and jeans to protect him from the cold. He didn't want to go back inside, though. Not where he'd be sitting too close to Cas in insufferable silence. So Dean crossed his arms as a way to warm up. It barely helped.
"Go to bed," Dean commands.
“Yeah, sorry,” Dean says behind him, passing him to move to the table. “This room is gross.”
And that's why he hesitates. What if Dean doesn't like him back in the same way? What if it's merely physical attraction for him? Cas is completely in love with Dean. He doesn't want something one-sided. He can't have that. It would break him.
"Really?" Dean sounds almost disappointed.
Cas smiles. It’s soft and warm. He grabs the tissue box from the counter and hands it to Dean and says, “You can use my sink to clean up if you need to.”
Dean finally looks up. “Yeah. I could always tell he was going to do something great like that. Our dad…” Dean pauses and distantly looks out the windshield. “Our dad was into some shady shit and dragged me into when I was young. I should’ve gotten out when I was old enough to know what was going on, but I never did. It was all I knew and that was reason enough to keep doing it.” Dean shrugs. “I just…” He swallows. “I just made sure Sam never got into it. And he never forgot that.” Dean laughs bitterly. “My own fucking father framed me for murder. He would’ve gotten away with it too if it wasn’t for Sam. He could never outsmart that kid. But, you know, that whole mess took years to clean up, so I was in prison for a bit.”
have work.”
Castiel frowned. Now he didn't want food? "Dean, what's wrong?"
Cas pulls Dean into a hug. It's been so long since he's done anything like this with someone. Shared a moment like this. Felt something genuinely good.
She was into him. And Cas liked it.
Castiel says, “Garth, I—thank you.”
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “Oh. That is a bit early.”
He tugs at his hair again as he stares at the piano. He hasn’t eaten tonight, because he doesn’t think he can choke down another frozen dinner. He’s tired, but restless. He places his fingers on the keys and plays a few short warmups. He doesn’t have the energy to play anything more. After he finishes practicing, he walks back into the kitchen. Maybe something will look more appealing now. He opens the refrigerator, and sighs. He closes it and opens the pantry. He grimaces and closes that too. He grabs his phone from the counter and stops when he sees he’s received a message from Dean.
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam asks, his eyes flicking between me and the baby.
"Can I have the pancake meal with extra bacon?" Dean asked.
"Oh, really?" Cas bites back sarcastically. He takes a sip of the water then realizes just how thirsty he is and gulps it down.
He didn’t realize how great having dinner with Dean was until it was gone. Obviously, spending time with Dean is the number one reason why he misses it. He’s fallen in love with Dean. He’s not exactly sure when, but he knows he loves him. He isn’t going to pretend like he has a chance; he never did. But he thought he’d at least get to spend time with Dean. Now that’s gone, too.
"I need you, Cas." And it sounds like
“Dean,” Cas says softly.
Castiel takes a calming breath before opening the contacts app on his phone. He scrolls down and hovers his thumb over Naomi’s name. Naomi is definitely the most intense conductor Castiel has ever had. She’d barely bat an eye went Castiel told her he broke his hand. The next words from her mouth were,
"I'm sorry, Dean. That sounds terrible." It was all Castiel could think of to say.
Dean smiled sadly. "Do you know what it's like to be right next to the thing you want most every single day but not be able to have it?"
“Thanks,” Dean replies. “So, uh, how long are you here for?”
?" the angel inquired.
Castiel snaps his gaze back up. He hates when he does this. Misjudging social situations. He’s always been bad at social interactions, and it chips away at his self-confidence. “Oh, uh, no.” He quickly leaves the kitchen to end the conversation.
Castiel's heart skips a beat. This is exactly what he wants to hear. This can't be happening. He doesn't want to get his hopes up. Maybe Dean is just saying it to be polite. "You don't have to," Castiel says, giving Dean the option to change his mind.
Well, if he was offering... "Yeah, okay."
Sam took the keys and gave them a teasing smile. "Just don't use my bed when I'm gone."
“Got it!” Dean calls back, and he stands up from the chair in the back office and goes out front. “Hi, welcome to Singer Auto Repair, how can I—
"What do you mean? I was friends with another hunter?"
Dean opens his mouth but blinks in surprise when he realizes Cas has been crying, too. His eyes are bloodshot, and his cheeks are wet. “I thought you were gone,” Dean says. It’s not what he meant to say. He meant to reassure Cas that everything is fine. That he is going to be okay. That Cas doesn’t need to worry about him.
having sex afterwards?”
The calming blue eyes bore into his. Dean took a deep breath, trying to expel the anxiety. It didn't work. What the hell had happened Sam? Cas grabbed Dean's hands, stopping him. The warmth from the angel helped him calm down a bit. Then Dean remembered they were standing in the middle of the sidewalk where anyone could see them, and he abruptly pulled his hands away.
Cas shakes his head. "I love you."
“Hello,” Cas says.
Castiel soon becomes distracted by Facebook. He searches Dean Winchester, but nothing comes up. He must not have Facebook. He looks up Sam. There’s a lot of pretty pictures of trees on his page. There’s a picture of Sam and a woman. According to the caption, it’s his wife Eileen. They seem like a good match. Sam also has his lawyer certificate thingys on his page too, but Castiel is too drunk to look at them closely. He sends Sam a friend request.
. “You came!” Cas says in disbelief once he’s closer. He pulls Dean into a hug.
“Yes.” She frowns. “Are you alright?”
how pathetic his Christmas tradition is. He’s only told Dean because…because he thinks he’s completely in love with Dean. “Really?” Castiel asks.
Cas' smile turns sad. "Nothing." He looks away. "I suppose we should stand up now."
"I'm getting some sleep." Sam ignored Dean's stare as he sat on the bed and began taking his shoes off.
“Well, try that next time.” Dream Dean points at Castiel with his fork and gives him a brilliant smile that literally lights up the room. “You deserve to be with someone who respects you.”
look. He forced himself to focus on changing and brushing his teeth. He couldn't think about the expression on Cas' face. Or how closely it resembled desire. And how important it was to Dean. Cas was probably gone now anyway. He always left sooner than Dean liked. Dean left the bathroom thinking he was alone, but paused when he saw Cas sitting on his bed.
Castiel stumbles back to the counter and grabs his phone. He’s never actually sold anything on Facebook Marketplace before, but it shouldn’t be too difficult. He steadies himself against the counter as he takes a picture of his piano. He squints at the picture. It seems good.
“Mmm,” Cas mumbles while turning away.
"Cas?" His voice was hoarse.
to me, Cas.”
“Hey,” Cas says and lifts Dean’s chin up. “It’s going to be okay.”
It’s not like he’s suddenly horny or anything from the piano playing. It’s much more than that. He wants Cas in every possible way. In all the sappy ways. He wants to hold hands. Hug. Watch movies together. Sleep in the same bed. Wake up next to Cas, his hair a mess and a cute scowl on his face because it’s too early. He wants to go to the farmers’ market with Cas every weekend. He wants to keep cooking dinner for Cas every night. Dean wants to kiss Cas.
“I can help,” Dean offers.
Castiel smiles, grateful the darkness covers it. But he doesn't see Dean's smile, mirroring his own.
Dean blushes. “I wouldn’t need one if you hadn’t left so many marks.”
"No."
There’s a long pause, and Castiel thinks Naomi hung up on him, but then she says, “Then perhaps you should consider leaving the band. We’ll have to have a replacement for you in the upcoming concert now.”
Dean opens his mouth then shuts it. His gaze roams again. A tear falls down his cheek, and he quickly wipes it away. He swallows thickly and clears his throat. He looks up, his hair messy, and his eyes glossy with tears. “Bye, Cas,” he says softly and quickly. He turns away with stiff shoulders and walks out the door.
Dean sighed and glared at Cas, as if he was being rude or prolonging torture. "It was easier when I could," Dean broke off, swallowed, tried again. "Touch you. The way I wanted to." He took a deep breath. "When I could."
When Sam came in, he did not let go.
"If I thought you needed to hear it, of course I would."
reservoir?"
"It's all right to miss him."
"I'm fine."
"Dean, he gave you the means to take your soul to hell. I don't think this is someone who has your best interest at heart." Sam crossed his arms again as he eyed War's ring on Dean's finger. "I don't think this is someone we should trust." Dean nodded, but he was only half paying attention to Sam's lecture. He watched Castiel getting dressed, thinking the clothes looked strange on him, that Cas himself looked uncomfortable. There had to be somewhere in town he could get real Cas clothes.
On a whim, Dean stops at the Goodwill and buys a few posters for his bedroom at the bunker, models in swimsuits and other things he used to wish for as a teenager. You couldn't hang posters in hotel rooms. He would have one more thing to hang on his bedroom wall at the Men of Letters bunker, at home. He buys a couple of flannel shirts for Sam to replace ones that have worn away in the last few months. Sam says "thank you," and returns to the translation he and Cas have been working on.
There was a pause, and Castiel began stroking his arm. Dean closed his eyes, and drifted off to the sleep to the slight rustle of paper, as Castiel continued reading through the pages.
Dean yanked his hand back, surprised. It wasn't the first time he'd had an urge to touch Castiel like that, but it had never occurred to him before to actually do it. "Nothing," he murmured. "Sorry." He stood up. He extended a hand to help Castiel up. Castiel gave him an odd look before accepting the hand, though it was clear he didn't need it.
Dean leapt off the bed. "You brought pie? Cas, I could kiss you."
"I want," Castiel said. He sat down heavily on a chair. "I just don't know what you want."
"You're here, aren't you?" And Sam walked out of the room and out of the bunker.
"You can get one of those jalopies in the garage fixed up if you need a car," Sam said. "It's only a few days."
"I already know all about Crowley. Probably more than you do. He's using your angel friend's body like a giant purgatory sponge. It pulls stuff tainted by purgatory in from both sides of the portal. It would be a great way to send the leviathan back to purgatory, if he weren't using it instead to bring souls out of it."
"Welcome to human/angel relationships," Dean says. "Now let's go get Sam, I'm starving."
"It doesn't work that way. The arrow forms the intention. The pollen itself doesn't do anything itself without an angel. Except …"
"Used how?" Sam asked.
Dean planted his feet and held up his hands, twisting the ring on his finger and hoping something would happen.
"Ca-as."
Castiel lifted his hand and traced a symbol on Dean's chest, over his heart, "Zodee zodo pah," he began. A bright light shot out arcing into Dean's heart, but Castiel kept chanting. When he was finished, Dean was holding Castiel's hand to his chest, stroking his fingers and smiling a little. Castiel pulled away, as gently as he could. "In case that didn't work and we had to wait for it to wear off." He stood and put a little distance between the two of them. "It's pollen," he said. "From the fields of the cupids in Heaven. They use it to coat their arrows."
"You doing okay, Cas?" Dean asked.
Dean slept deeply, wholly, the sleep of a man who had not had safe undisturbed rest for years, and by the time he awoke, it was nearing morning.
"I will keep an eye on you tonight."
The storm died as quickly as it had stirred and all was quiet. Dean turned to Castiel, opened his mouth to speak and promptly slid to the floor as his eyes rolled back and he collapsed.
He's not ready to see them yet and shame makes him aggressive. "I don't have time for this," Castiel snaps, sending the witches straight to the ether. He's immediately sorry afterward, though he can still feel the remnants of the summoning in Jimmy's solar plexus they were no doubt responsible for.
"Hungry," Dean said. "Don't want to miss double bacon."
"I don't want you to leave."
"You know I do."
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Do we have to kiss?"
Dean takes a step (it only takes a step, they are already standing so close) and catches up Castiel in his arms. He pulls Castiel into a bear hug, hard. He might not let him go. Castiel’s arms come back, returning the embrace. Gentler, but no less desperate. Castiel thinks about not letting go.
"We know, Cas. It's just not that easy sometimes." Sam started packing. "We need to get out of here before the wrong people hear about your ambulance ride and come investigate." He handed Cas the car keys. "Can you wait in the car?"
When Dean finished, he came up behind Castiel in the common room and began rubbing his shoulders. "Bad news?"
"I didn't let you realize. I'm not actually a child, Dean. I'm older than your entire race." He pushed up Dean's shirt, revealing more wounds on his stomach. "When I was in hell, bound by Crowley, I couldn't move, couldn't fight. It hurt so much. I was … despondent. But I would think of you and sometimes it was if I was with you, as if I could see and hear what you were seeing and hearing." He paused. "I know what Death said to you."
"Dean drinking too much to ever put out?" Meg says knowingly. "All the more reason to —"
"Are you sure you are well?"
"I think a deserve some kind of explanation," Dean says. "In layman's terms." Castiel's sure that's not the right phrase for what Dean's asking, but he doesn't have time to get into a discussion of English idioms. Instead, he quickly sketches out that when he started falling the year of Lucifer's return, his being got bound to Dean's. "When a member of the Host becomes fixated on a single person and subsequently falls, the two are entered into a pact. They belong to one another. It's a … severance package? Since no angel has been restored to power after a fall like that, no one knew it'd stick," Castiel says.
Castiel felt his cheeks flame. Of course Dean knew. Of course he did. "Dean." He stopped, not knowing what to say. "I. I. We are friends, and I am glad," he said finally. "I am glad, after all that has happened, not to be alone. To have friends, if I can't have brothers and sisters. You don't need —"
"You smell like feet," Dean said. "We're not spending the night any place there isn't running water." That was the nice thing about houses that had prospective buyers trooping in and out. People kept the water on so the toilets would work. As soon as Sam nodded and went looking for the bathroom, Dean started looking around. If Sam could get even one warm night, Dean knew it would help. He found the thermostat, and let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding as he heard the furnace click on. It was too bad they couldn't stay a couple of days.
"Calm down. He went to get—"
Castiel was sure that Dean couldn't have meant that the way it sounded. Castiel had seen the women Dean loved. Nothing like him, they were physical creatures, at home in their bodies, athletic and graceful. Not like Castiel who was still every day discovering something new that discomfited him about the body he inhabited. But he couldn't help asking. "You've managed to resist …?"
"That's not how the game is played." Death flicked in and out, and when he returned he was holding the horseman's rings. Dean was somehow not surprised that Death had known where they were all along. "Now, the rings are the lock to Lucifer's cage, but for a soul to pass through the regular part of hell you only need one. Unless you'd rather some very messy consequences, I'd suggest you use War's." He held up the ring. "If you do this, I can't promise you'll survive. Most likely you'll be ripped apart."
Dean pulled off the ring.
Finally, he came to it, Crowley's sponge,
"Okay, so no eclipse. I wasn't going to ask about that anyway. Crowley's—"
"Thanks," Dean started to say as it disappeared, but then he realized the awareness wasn't going away. We, the leviathan had said. Dean spun around, looking and spotted one of them running onto the train. The doors slid shut. They'd never catch. He started to twist the ring on his finger, and gasped as every nerve of his body went suddenly numb. Cas caught him as he lost as footing, and Dean watched the blood dripping down. He knew it was coming from him, but he couldn't feel it, could only try to breathe through lungs that didn't seem to exist.
Castiel risks meeting Dean's eyes and sees a lot of complicated things happening in his face, anger, astonishment, something like wonder and something else Castiel doesn't know how to read.
"When I can get a moment to consult the scrolls," Castiel says. When I can get a moment to find the scrolls, he thinks. "As long as the bond has never been consummated, it can be annulled."
When his vision cleared, he saw demons approaching. "You know, Crowley gave us orders to stay clear of you. I think he was too afraid of your little angel friend to let us touch you." The demon laughed. "But I don't see him helping you out any time soon." He stood up and advanced on Dean. "You have no idea how long I've been hoping for the chance to get a little payback from you, Dean Winchester."
It was Castiel's turn to frown, as he looked over at Dean. "There's no table over there, and I'm not sure —"
"I have to die." It wasn't a question. Dying held little fear for Dean anymore. He'd welcome it, if he didn't think it would screw Sam up six ways from Sunday.
"Hi, Cas," Sam says with something like shock, and Castiel nods at him, glad to see that Sam is looking better since Castiel shifted his hallucinations. He knows Meg called the Winchesters once he got well enough to leave the asylum, but he hadn't expected to see either of them until there was a solid plan for annihilating the Leviathan.
It could have gone worse, Dean thought.
Dean tried to play it off. He chuckled and patted Sam on the back. "Better get a move on. The diner down the street offers double bacon on breakfast orders before seven."
Lunch was muted. Castiel didn't know what had passed between Sam and Dean, but something had. Dean was forcefully jocular, pretending all was well, until Sam had quietly said that he'd taken a call while Dean was out about a hunt and he meant to go on his own. "I suppose you want the Impala," Dean muttered, slamming up from the table.
It wasn't too bad this time. The choking sounds stopped almost right away as Sam woke. "You all right?" Dean asked.
"I imagine not," Sheriff Mills said on the other end of the phone.
"Oh, my God," Dean snapped.
"Oh, Cas. Half the reason I'm still mad at you is that I stopped being so mad at you months ago."
Dean pulled up a chair alongside him at the table and reached over a hand.
Sam, cleared his throat as if nothing much at all is going on. "Cas, remind me. Does this word translate as spear or assegai in Enochian?"
Dean leaped up, pushing past the startled EMT and threw the back door of the ambulance open, jumping out into the street, running away as fast as he could before the driver could rally. Castiel trailed after him. With a screech, Sam, who'd been following the ambulance, pulled up beside them, reaching across the seat to throw open the passenger door. "Get in," he said. Dean slid in beside him as Castiel popped into the backseat and they sped away.
"I have apologized—"
There was a dredge dusted in snow, abandoned at the water's edge. Dean scraped away some of the snow, revealing symbols that had been painted on it. "That's Enochian," Sam said.
"All he ever brought us was one giant headache to solve," Dean said. "I could forget all about him, if it weren't for that."
"And that's what you want?" Dean asks, fixing Castiel with a skeptical look.
As soon as they were out of sight, Sam pulled the car to the side of the road and slugged Dean as hard as he could given the tight confines of the interior. He looked in the rear view mirror. "Cas," he said.
"You too." Dean smirked as Sam walked out of the bathroom. "Give my best to Steve," he said and hung up. He turned to Sam. "You were in there awhile," Dean said. "Did a leviathan came out of the faucet or were you just jerking off while you used up all the hot water?"
Castiel doesn't get flushed. He's watched humans copulate since before they moved out of caves and nothing takes him off-guard. The arousal his vessel is experiencing must be hormonal. He wonders if there are any studies of the long-term side effects of inhabiting the same vessel. Given that Balthazar was one of two angels he knew to have inhabited their vessels for long and constant times, and was loudly appreciative of human-style copulation, he thinks it's a distinct possibility. In fact, Castiel is sure he's heard Sam or Dean mention that Gabriel snapped up a lot of half-clad women, as well. If Castiel were still in charge of Heaven, he'd order a study be done if no one had done it yet.
Dean shoved the clothes back into his duffel. "After what he did to you? To the world?"
Castiel doesn't expect Dean to forget; that's too much to ask of any being. But this won't work if he can't forgive, and Castiel tells him as much.
Dean brushed at the dust on his clothing and shrugged. "Can't say you were working on a car if you don't get a little dirty," he said. "Now about that fuel filter ..."
"You all right?" Sam asked as he let go.
"These ones are grace-binding, protection against angels. These other ones are —" He took a few steps back and scraped the ground snow away with his foot revealing scorch marks on the ground. He looked up. "I think—I think maybe they opened up a portal."
"You know that's not what I meant," Sam said.
Dean should care more than he does that they aren't talking, but Sam is alive. They are worse things than quiet, Dean knows. There's plenty of time for Sam to start talking again.
Dean sighed. "Come on, man. I let you get away with the whole babe in the woods thing sometimes, but don't — not when I'm trying." Dean banged his fist on the wall. "Not when I'm trying to do something here."
"Swear to me you're not planning anything stupid," Sam said. "Because the last time you started acting like this you tried to say yes to Michael."
"Can you see me now?" Dean's eyes widened at the familiar voice. He spun in its direction. "Get down," Cas ordered. Dean ducked just as Cas's angel blade went flashing over him, apparently severing the demon's head from it's body, though Dean knew that wasn't the strict reality of what had happened.
They walked into the subway tunnel. There were too many bodies for Dean to pick out which one belonged to the leviathan. He felt surrounded. A hand fell on his shoulder and turned to see a leviathan grinning at him. "We're not supposed to let anyone see this," it said. "I guess we'll just have to eat
Dean stared at the scorch marks on the ground. "What the hell could they have been sending down?"
For everything that Cas has imagined Dean saying, he doesn’t expect what Dean does say.
"You can touch me," Castiel finally snapped back. "You're the only one stopping yourself."
"Right," Sam said. "Sure." Sam stalked over to the bed, Castiel's trench coat out peeked out from under Dean's pillow. Sam pulled it out. "The two of us, we don't do so well with secrets, Dean. You think I haven't noticed—"
The last thing he heard was the sound of the cell phone beeping as Sam punched in a number. "I need an ambulance …"
"I said shut up," Dean said. The demon gasped as the knife bit into him, blood oozing in its path, spilling down his skin in rivulets. "Tell us what you jerk-offs were up to here at the reservoir."
"I'm sorry; I didn't mean it," Sam said, muffled into his hair. "Just be okay."
His dad didn't have many friends left either by the end.
Dean swallowed hard. "I should have realized earlier—"
"Don't be ridiculous," Dean said. "Sam and I used to do this all the time when we were kids in the backseat." He stood up and retrieved a blanket from his bedroom. "Come on," he said, motioning to the couch. Wordlessly, Castiel got up and gathered his papers. He sat down gingerly on one end of the couch, like he thought it might bite him. Dean lay his head down in Cas's lap.
"The hell he isn't." That tore it. Dean opened up the bottle and took a long drink, trying not to make a face at the foul taste. "We can't let Crowley get that powerful." He took another long drink, wondering how long it would take. He saw Sam sniff the air, before digging his fork into his hand. He frowned and pushed the fork in harder.
"Since we don't know anyone who can just stroll into hell and take a look around for us, Bobby will have to do. Seriously, go get us a table and order for me. I don't want to miss double bacon."
"You're avoiding me," Dean says.
"He forgave me and I'm not — "
Not for the first time, Castiel thought it was a shame that humans couldn't see what angels could. "There is nothing,
Castiel doesn't want the bond either. It's dangerous, after all, and he wastes no time telling Dean so.
"I have no intention of—"
He wondered if Sam would notice if he snagged a bottle of liquor from his duffel on the way back to bed.
"Then why haven't you stopped him?"
Sam ripped the bottle out of his hand, splashing gas over the table. "What did you do?"
"Not yet," Castiel said. Cas went back to his reading, ignoring him. Dean worked his way through the nachos, trying to find a comfortable position, shifting and sighing against Cas's side. A half-hour passed before Cas spoke again. "Is something the matter?"
By the time Dean's soft snores gave way to wakefulness, Dean had shifted many times in his sleep, drawing his body closer to Castiel until he was almost sitting at his side, one arm tossed over Castiel's legs, nearly an embrace. He came awake all at once with the startled jerk of hunter's instinct as a door opened in the distance. Sam had arrived.
He is proven wrong very quickly.
The next morning, Dean and Sam stood on the opposite bank from where Cas had gone into the water. The reservoir spread out before them, deceptively serene. The sky overhead was clear, but there was still snow and ice on the ground and a chill in the air. Whatever the demons had been up to here was over. Dean could feel the crackle of lingering energy against his skin and the smell of blood and sulphur was back, though it should've been impossible to smell outside like this. His dreams were getting worse lately. He could see them during the day sometimes when he closed his eyes, could see something resembling a man being tortured, surrounded by millions.
The first car Dean slid into was beautiful, if dusty inside, and Dean spared a moment to be glad Sam had taken the Impala so his baby wouldn't see the way Dean's fingers trailed over the dashboard in awe. The dust had a curious pinkish tint and the car seemed to have been hastily abandoned, Dean thought. The Men of Letters seemed to be a pretty stuffy bunch who always put their toys away carefully when they were done, but this car had papers with Enochian writing strewn all over the front seat. He gathered them up and handed them over to Cas through the window. Sam was always complaining about how all of his reference sources were old and didn't do much to show the progression of the language over the millennia. Although, with Cas around, he who had lived for millennia, and still spoke both Enochian and English, Dean didn't quite understand how much changes there could have been, but maybe the papers would be useful.
"Sometimes the only way to win is to refuse to fight. You know this! You and Sam showed me that."
Dean opened his eyes and crawled out of bed. "Don't worry about it," he said. "Had to piss anyway." He walked into the bathroom and shut the door, rubbing a hand over his face and looking hard at himself in the mirror. Dean remembered being tortured himself, all that pain, but those weren't the memories that colored his own nightmares. Dean had been having more of those himself lately. He didn't think Sam had noticed, and it had been a long time since he had to worry about an angel watching him sleep. His nostrils filled with the scent of sulphur and the distant sound of screaming rang in his ears. He gripped the counter hard, reminding himself it was all in his head.
Maybe Sam was right or maybe Dean just didn't have time to think when Cas was around. Always needing to react to the latest problem, the latest threat. But this ring was a weapon. If there was one thing John had taught Dean that had stuck the way his father wanted it to it was how to fight.
Dean frowned. "Can't get comfortable," he said. "Don't know what — It's not like Sam and I haven't slept rough before. Not that this place could be called that with the temperature regulation and how freaking clean it is, but —"
"Who wins the bet over how long it takes me to kill your stalling ass?"
Sam didn't say a word; his face didn't betray a hint of his thoughts. Dean was grateful for that. He turned back to the demon. "Now once again, what were you doing at the Bootbock reservoir?" As the demon started screaming, Dean started to whistle.
They parked the car two blocks over before walking around to the back door of the house they'd picked out from the For Sale ad. They didn't have to jimmy the slider; the last people through hadn't remembered to lock it. Dean stepped into the house. Sam was staring a couple of feet in front of him, looking at nothing intently. "Sam," Dean hissed. His brother's head jerked over toward Dean and he pressed his thumb hard into his palm as he followed Dean into the house, closing the door behind him. Dean looked away, trying not to think about the cut on Sam's hand that should have healed by now. Would have healed by now, if only Cas hadn't — It was only his imagination that made him think he could smell the blood.
anything."
Sam groaned and pulled a blanket over his head.
Dean thought of the phantom pains and smells of hell. Oh, Death had been very clever indeed telling him it would stop if he stopped Crowley. "How?" Dean croaked.
"I'm fine," Dean said. "I don't know what Cas told you on the phone, but all that's happened is I got a little sleepy."
Castiel has imagined this moment a lot, knowing it would never be, wondering which of the things Dean has thought about saying to him over the years Dean would choose, if given a chance. Dean has begged his forgiveness and cursed him, told jokes and tried to honor his memory, soldiering on. He opens his mouth.
When the call of "Caaaaaas" rings out, Castiel tries to ignore Meg's snickering and the not-quite-soft-enough comment of "whipped" as he flies off to meet Dean, dodging several sentries who have been posted among the inter-dimensional super strings.
Dean socked him in the arm. "Thanks for the tip. Now go get us a table. I'll be there in a moment. You can give Bobby a call while you wait. Maybe he'll have some idea of what Crowley might be trying to do with Cas's body."
"Now the first thing we're going to want to do is replace the fuel filter," Dean said, fumbling for the hood release. His fingers felt for the catch and pulled, but instead of the hood popping open, a great cloud of pure pink burst out of the vents. Dean coughed and spluttered and closed his eyes against the onslaught, as bad as any dust storm whipped up over a desert grave. He couldn't help but breathe in some of the dust. Distantly, he felt Castiel pulling him out of the car where they fell to the floor, calling his name and concentrated on trying to regain his breath. When he came back to himself, the pink cloud had settled, covering Dean in a fine ash, but otherwise leaving him unharmed. "Dean? Dean?" Dean blinked and patted Castiel's face to show he was all right. Cas's skin was soft and Dean found himself stroking the side of his face, his fingers trailing back into Cas's hair. "Dean? What are you doing?"
Dean snorted. "Then after I stop Crowley I won't keep using it." His grin faded as he noted Death's lack of reaction.
For all that there was a new king, hell hadn't changed as much as one would think. The stench of sulphur and burning flesh still permeated. Flames still sprang up everywhere, fires to fight back the bitter cold encroaching on hell's borders. He wondered if that cold spread out from the cage, from Lucifer, and spared a thought for Adam. If Castiel, if Death, could breach that cage without freeing Lucifer, then maybe someday Dean would be able to do it. He looked around. He saw no racks, only long lines of souls leading off in every direction, but he didn't fool himself into thinking they weren't there. He looked inside again for that tug and set off after it, relieved when no one tried to stop him, though more than prepared to fight his way through as many people as necessary.
"Why would demons be trying to open up a portal to hell? Can't they just go there?"
"Perfect," Dean says. "So all we gotta do is stay out of serious danger and avoid falling on each other's dick. Easy."
But that was another thing that could wait until later. For now, they had a train to catch.
"I know you believe that," Sam said. "But Dean, I've dealt with power before. It never ends well."
be contacting him.
"Wait," Castiel said. Once he would have crawled through broken glass and been pleased if Dean would only acknowledge it, but he had long since learned that his desire for accolades was rooted in selfishness and pride, both of which had got him in trouble in the past. But Dean had said too much for Castiel to just ignore. He tilted his head at Dean. "How does it have to be?"
Castiel's vessel makes a low sound of frustration that he realizes is a growl. "What do you want from me?"
It's heaven. Time runs differently. The hug lasts as long as it needs to.
Cas surged forward, laying hands on the leviathan, sucking it into him even as it struggled and snapped to get away. "I fought all of hell to bring him out once, and you can't have him."
Castiel heard the underlying worry in Dean's voice. "You're not," he confirmed.
"Nice entrance," Dean finally says, looking angry as he struggles with some rope wrapped around him. "How'd you know we were in trouble?" Castiel can hear the weight of accusations behind Dean's words.
"I don't want them to be fine," Dean said, the words ripped out of him. Castiel jerked in surprise.
"This isn't the same thing, Cas. This isn't—" The handprint on his arm was burning like ice, and Dean knew that the only thing holding him together was the energy Cas was channeling toward him. It wouldn't last forever. He felt a cut open up on his face.
Dean’s hands are full of magnetic tape, an unspooling trail leading directly to Castiel. His hands go to the pockets he visibly has again, to find them empty, knowing what it is that has lead Dean here. Without breaking eye contact, Castiel receives a hug from Sam and returns it.
"You off of the chess board."
Castiel tapped Dean's sleeve over the handprint scar. "When I brought you out of hell, I had to hold onto your soul so tightly. I don't think I only scarred you," he said. "I think some of my grace got mixed into your soul. It wouldn't have mattered if I'd traveled to hell in the normal way, but the portal Crowley used to transport me. It tried to transport all of me, I think. It made a link between us." He smoothed his hand over Dean's stomach. "It's getting harder to heal you," he said. "It's like you're coming apart at the seams. I'll find a way to get to the leviathan. Please. I would keep you in this world. I would—"
"I'd still be your friend," Castiel says, "I'll always be your friend. You don't have to
Dean gave Castiel a goofy grin. "Good morning," he replied, in a voice that was almost chipper.
"You have to let it go, Dean. This is my mistake to fix." Castiel pressed both his hands onto Dean, pouring something in that let him breathe. He could hear a wind howling as deep cuts opened up on his arms.
"I'm going to take a shower," Sam said. "Why don't you get a couple of hours of sleep? I can see about putting the laundry in when I get out."
"You're trying to sleep?"
There are even two barriers which are not fluid, the one that divides the souls from the angels, and the one that divides Heaven from Earth. The angels are not allowed to cross those barriers. Castiel agrees with the rule. The angels have stolen enough from Dean. He deserves his peace even if it is difficult.
It's all too much and — Castiel won't be proud of this later, he was born a garrison soldier after all — he flees.
"We're in a restaurant," Sam hissed.
"He had quite a lot to say when that package you sent him arrived. Said you wrote down the wrong last name," she answered.
spread out before him in the air. It was Jimmy's body really, Dean supposed, but it would always be Cas's to him. Dean zoomed toward it, the reek of blood growing stronger with each move closer. He shuddered. He hadn't thought. He'd sworn to himself that he'd do whatever it took not to have to go back here to hell, yet here he was. Why hadn't he thought? It didn't matter. Death was right. Dean did know where to go. The body was surrounded by demons, the floor underneath him shimmering from the effects of the portal. Dean had never wanted to see Cas like this. He swallowed. No one seemed to notice him as he grew closer, reached out his hand. For a second, he thought he saw Cas blink. Dean sucked in a breath. Dean touched Castiel's body and felt his whole being explode with the impact.
Castiel knew he should put a stop to it, knowing Dean would never do it in his right mind. But if Castiel correctly understood what had happened, it would only upset Dean, perhaps cause him to escalate. And if it felt … pleasant, Castiel could be forgiven for enjoying. It certainly wasn't the worst betrayal of Dean's trust he'd ever indulged in, he thought darkly. "I called Sam," Castiel said. "He'll head back as soon as he can. In case ..."
Dean yanked the coat away, then took out a couple of his own shirts from under the pillow too. "Don't get all psychoanalytic on me. Pillow was too thin," he muttered.
That's okay. Dean hasn't yet forgiven Sam.
Dean sighed and rubbed at his face. "Let's just get the feelings stuff over with," he said. "So we don't have to deal with it again. I don't want the next few days with you to be like my last few days with Sam, all right?"
Dean didn't know what the big deal was, but before he could say anything, Castiel came back with a pot of ash. He didn't look at either of them when he said, "This should fix things."
Castiel can only hold back the sending on the sigils for two minutes, twenty-four seconds and one microsecond more before the alarms in Heaven will ring, alerting the angels to his and Meg's presence. He wishes he didn't have to do this. Wishes he could just explain there may be something among Heaven's weapons that could be used to eradicate the Leviathan, but his first tentative, weak attempts at contact after leaving the asylum convinced him that no reconciliation was possible. There was no forgiveness in Heaven for those who played god. Heaven was in full scale anarchy with several angels jockeying for the top spot, but the one thing they all agreed on was that Castiel should be dead.
It is difficult.
"Because I'm not a player on this chess board, Dean. It's not my place. My job is to put the pieces away once the game is over. I can't even come to you first. I have to sit around waiting for your little monkey brain to catch up and think of contacting me. Now let's talk terms, I'll give you a way to get into hell, and I'll tell you how to stop Crowley."
Castiel inhaled and seized Dean's hand, healing the scrape of blood on his knuckles. "I'll get over it," Dean said again.
"I know you do," Castiel replied gravely. "I know you have. Even when you shouldn't." He smiled. "I am not ungrateful. Things are fine the way they are."
(Jack understands.)
"We don't have another plan. This may be our only chance to get rid of those SOBs." The storm was swirling all around, filling Dean's ears with an awful mourning moan echoed in his memories. He could almost see it.
Sam grinned. "I might have left you a drop or two." He waved his hand at the phone. "What did Sheriff Mills have to say?"
Castiel ran his hand over the cut that had opened on Dean's face when he'd led them to the train. It sealed under his fingers. "I wanted to leave you out of this," he said. "I wanted you to have Lisa and Ben and a chance to be happy. Instead you're more in than ever."
"I do not think this is a good idea. Someone will recognize me. I was just here three months ago performing miracles. I—"
"He got you out of hell."
Dean held up a hand. "I know it may look that way, but—"
"Spoke to him a few weeks back, said we weren't going to see him for awhile. Thought he'd hang around the house. Should have known he was lying." Dean sat down on the floor across from the bathroom door and leaned back against the wall. He was so sick of this crap. He heard the water cut off. "Anything else?"
