“I sold my furniture with my apartment. I bought it under Mother’s influence and I didn’t feel like keeping it.” He licked a glob of cheese off his hand. “Also, the couch was never comfy.”
Cas relaxed into the armchair and chatted with Gabe. Honey laid at his feet, her tail thumped while she panted. First step on the Make Cas a Better Person list: therapy.
Claire ran to get the aprons he bought them and April smiled across the counter. He could make it work. Besides, it did no good to break up during the holidays. Too many nosy relatives and know it alls to pounce on him when he didn’t show up with April — his mother would be the head of the pack. Good things first: there were cookies to decorate.
I’m warning you, this is cheesy and cliche, and quite possibly the most hyperbolic message I have ever sent a living person. There’s something about spring that makes new beginnings pop up like crazy. I’m happy to report Honey and I have found more permanent housing and while she’ll probably never forgive me from moving her away from her favorite hot dog stand (I swear they purposefully dropped hot dogs for her), at least the view from the new place is stunning. I’m in the process of finding a new hobby as the lack of significant other in my life has freed up more time than I thought it took up. Maybe I should go into knitting like you did, though we wouldn’t be able to compare projects. Is it out of season to knit in spring?
"You won't," Castiel got closer; his lips grazed Future Dean's cheek. "You could never lose me. Not even if you tried."
Kevin squeezed his fists tighter, licking his lip, and then rubbing the back of his neck with his other free hand.
“That was…beautiful,” Jack exclaimed, removing the headphones, and looking over at Clark. “What was it called?”
Meg felt her insides crawling up her throat for the third time that morning. She groaned, clutching her stomach, and holding onto the edge of the toilet bowl as she heaved. She was shocked she even had anything left, much less than her vessel was still capable of producing vomit after years of the human host being dead.
“Sammy,” Gabriel rolled his eyes. “I’ve been alive for millennia; I think I can follow a simple makeup tutorial. I’ve seen thousands of them.”
“First day with your new lips and we may have to get your eyesight checked too.” Sam gave his brother a half smirk.
He’d taken the brothers in the direction of Michael, and they’d found the archangel seeking refuge in a church in his name. He’d asked what he could do for them. The brothers had expected a fight, a lack of desire for revenge even, or for Michael to simply just run away again and leaves the mud monkeys to rot. It hadn’t gone that way, though. Michael had been shown the truth by Castiel, when the angel had still been on Earth alive, and he had run the first time.
The angel had been shivering upon entering and Dean had taken his arm, leading him away from the door and shutting it behind them.
Dean kissed Castiel again, rubbing his hips slowly, sensually with his hands. Castiel felt Dean’s thumbs hooking on the waistband of his boxers. Dean’s lips ghosted Castiel’s again. Castiel sucked in a breath, whining a little as Dean’s hands traveled further under the garment across his bottom half.
Dean felt immense pain once he hit the black nothingness. It was as though there was a clear floor underneath him. He poked and prodded at it and it rippled with every movement, much like a stone cast into a lake.
Daniel turned his head to see the young boy from the playground back in Sioux Falls, standing before him, and smiling as he leaned against a nearby tree. The boy was wearing practically the same outfit as Daniel and smirked upon giving the Nephilim a onceover.
The next few events were flashes like the ones Dean saw whilst he was in Hell when Castiel had fought his was down to rescue the hunter. They were fast and a quick glimpse of what was to be.
"The hunt in town," Dean replied, just as confused. "Sam told me you said it was okay for us to crash here for a few days."
“First of all, let me just say that I am mildly insulted that you believe I cannot achieve this task on my own.”
He waited for Dean to blow up. To freak out on him and storm off, drive off in the Impala and head to the nearest bar to drown out the conversation in liquid memory loss and then bring some random chick back to the motel room or take her in the backseat of the car if Sam wouldn’t let him in.
“Enough,” Castiel ordered. “If this is true, we will have to send warriors instead of scouts. Scour every inch of the US until they are found.”
“Is that so?” Chuck’s playful grin vanished and from out behind him came the three biggest threats from the underworld, followed by what Team Free Will assumed to be Adam and Eve, both smirking.
"I know you love her," Dean wiped his one eye. He wasn't ashamed of the tears anymore. "You deserve to be with her."
"They're pretty," his daughter croaked out, Future Dean wrapped the blanket he'd grabbed on his way tighter around her. "But…I-I wish I could see them from the tire swing."
"I don't want to be in an argument with you anymore," Sam clarified. "So, we're not arguing. We're just…agreeing to disagree."
Images flashed in Dean's head. Memories long forgotten lately. Dreams he'd had recently. He understood exactly what she meant.
Titan nodded, looking off into the distance and listening. There was no doubt in Chaya’s mind that Meg was communicating with him through his mind, and the female hound tried her best to swallow the bitter taste forming in her mouth.
"Don't you hunters know better by now," the vampire hissed. "The Creator wants this, and I'm sure he wrote for his two best bitch boys to try and take us down."
"I love that man more than anyone in this world," LeSalle explained. "I know what I want out of life. I hope, for ya sake Dean, ya figure it out too."
the creature chuckled, mocking Dean as he tried to move some more. His body pivoted in slow motion, trying to find his footing as he went, but to no avail. Dean tripped, falling forward, and into another memory.
Titan took her hands in his and Meg looked up to see his lips meeting hers. Their eyes closed and he kissed her with everything he had. Meg felt the love and the passion in the kiss, and she leaned into Titan’s touch when he cupped her cheek, rubbing it with his thumb, and giving her a genuine smile.
“Old friends of ours,” Dean explained. “We hunted with them way back when the world was supposed to end the first time. As for weddings, well those are customary for those who love each other.”
When Titan had first witnessed Chuck’s return, he had been waiting for something otherworldly. A celebration worthy of the Gods of other religions. Yet, nothing of the sort had come from the incident. Instead, Chuck had asked for space, and locked Himself away. Proclaiming, He’d be there when His children needed Him.
Holly looked to him then back to what she had been staring at. The scene was familiar to Dean. It the woods behind where Bobby's house used to be. Dean could still smell the ash and burnt wood in the air when the breeze blew his way. It tugged at his heart and he yearned to see the old hunter's face one more time. In front of the both of them was the lake that was in the woods. To the left was the tire swing Bobby had put up for Sam and Dean when they were kids and their father would drop them off to stay between hunts. In said tire swing was the same little girl from the diner around the same age, maybe a bit younger, swinging on the tire with a gigantic smile on her face and she was laughing. Future Dean was pushing her back and forth. His daughter's hair was aflutter in the breeze and her smile was shining bright through the darkness that was settling on the land.
The figure was being led by two angels and the malevolency of its aura lingered even after it was far away from Dean.
Claire sat on the front step, a beer in her hand, and she looked up at the night sky. Dean's feet moved in a robotic fashion in her direction.
Dean’s mouth was slightly agape at the sight of an ancient Castiel, hair still a mess despite this not being his latest vessel, clothes still disheveled, and eyes still as blue as the brilliant sky even after his angelic power settled.
“I love you too Dean.” Castiel replied, using his grace to bring his wings forth into their invisible form on the Earthen plane. The angel wrapped them around Dean, the hunter only feeling deeper warmth than previously before, but none the wiser as to why.
“Best prepare for triplets, my dear,” Crowley nodded. “You might want to tell that boyfriend of yours he’s upgrading to the title of father too.”
It didn’t last long, before Dean could take a single breath or let a single strangled word loose, the scene changed once more.
"Well Sambo," Gabriel explained in his usual humorous way. "Daddy made humans so that they needed rest every night to recharge their batteries per se and furthermore—"
"This is Titan," Gabriel said to Future Dean. "He's an Angelhound. Think of Hellhound's but less vicious all the time and only when told to protect or attack. Titan's a good and loyal hound, he'll watch over your daughter and you guys too."
“I’m not mad, I just want to get started on the plan as soon as possible. My Father will pay for His sins.”
Dean pulled back onto the main road, still a bit shaken, and continued on his way back to the bunker.
Dean heard a hawk caw loudly into the night before his boot gave way in the mud and he slipped, eyes closed, over the edge of the small hill and into the lake.
Sam stuck out his hand and Lucifer, confused at first, slowly moved his towards the hunter’s. The pair shook, tightly and firmly, and a small smile crept across Sam’s face.
"Shut up," Sam said, rolling his eyes and making sure his shirt was pulled down far enough. The last thing he needed was Gabriel's eyes eating him alive. He didn't want to fuel his imagination in any way. "We could've used your help you know?"
“Here’s what we know,” Dean said. “God dicked us over, we’ve got three big bads coming up from Hell along with the two assholes we’ve already got, and we’ve got those big bads’ little minions killing people left and right for reasons we don’t know.”
Dean tried to argue back, but he found he couldn't. She had a more valid point than anything he could've thought of in response.
She’d taken the time to tap into her vessel’s mind over the past almost century, creating an entire personality for herself based around the human she had ridden as a meatsuit for years now. It had been the first time she had been allowed topside, and despite having failed in her mission, she had grown so much in such (at least what humans would consider) a short amount of time.
Scars from past hunts before the vampires shone bright white on his face under the fluorescent lighting. His sharp blue eyes looked somewhat grayer as he blinked a few times to adjust his vision. He hadn’t slept like he had the night before in months. His body still ached, and he still had a bruise near his lower jaw from where a vampire had thrown something at him, and he’d barely managed to dodge it.
She nodded and looked back up at the stars and the moon which was shining brightly. Future Dean's breath was visible under the giant natural night light. Future Dean's daughter cuddled further into him and let out a little grunt. Future Dean smiled down at her and leaned down to kiss the top of her head.
Crowley motioned for Ron to follow upon Sam opening the door, large pizzas in hand, and the two residents of Hell assisted in helping him put down the contents of his arms before stepping into the hallway.
Dean and Cas will talk next chapter I SWEAR! This is one of my longer chapters, but I just so happened to be on a roll, and I know my dear readers will appreciate that fact. Also, I know I tend to leave poor Sammy out of the relationship circuit, but I often find that is closer to canon than most times I try to make him have romance. For the sake of this story, it is implied that he’s either occasionally flirting with Eileen via computer or video call or that he’s getting over her death still. Interpret that either way you desire.
“Strap yourself in then, kid.” Adam remarked, staring up at the sky before smirking. “The new world order will be coming sooner than you think.”
Dean approached Gabriel one day too. Sam was out gathering intel at the nearest library and Castiel was off in Heaven again. Gabriel sat at the table in the latest ramshackle motel. He was going over lore as well.
I hope everyone enjoyed this chapter. I started out sober when I started it and then ended it kind of drunk lol. So, let's hope it isn't too weird or dark when I come back to it.
“Now,” Dean lifted his glass high and the others at the table followed suit. “We’re gonna beat this and have our lives back. Who’s with me?!”
I'm so glad I was able to turn yet another ONESHOT into a story for y'all and I am eternally grateful for every like, kudos, comment, and PM I have received regarding it. I look forward to hearing from many of you in the future and as always, see you in the next story! ;)
A fourth figure appeared from the darkness, yowling as he came at Dean, and Dean caught both his wrists before either of them could contact one another. Dean tossed the man aside, leading the others to turn their sights on Sam, who stood ready for their attack and motioned for them to bring it on.
"Trust me dad," the driver said, the voice sounded familiar somehow. "I'm going to seriously reconsider the major I'm pursuing. The work load is hard. I'll call you when I get there. I love you and Papa."
The feeling had remained even after the passion that ensued. He'd felt Castiel's eyes on him the moment Anna had kissed him, and Dean had felt a twinge of guilt directed towards himself for still feeling the way he did. It had been the first emotion Castiel had shown: disappointment. Dean had seen it in those crystal blue eyes, and it had sent a punch straight through his gut to his spine.
Despite their differences, and Sarah clearly being the favorite, at least in Daniel’s mind, he couldn’t stay mad at his cousin.
If they didn’t manage to stop Adam and Eve and whatever ridiculous planned that had concocted, there might not be a following year. Titan swallowed hard, sharing the same thought, and squeezed Meg’s hand tightly as the pair watched the mother and daughter walk away, catching up to the other kid who had been running before them.
Dean moaned, blinking a few times before his double vision allowed there to only be one Castiel sitting before him.
Ron ran faster, his mind ablaze with many flames of thought, and the last being Kevin, staring at him with a disappointed gaze. Ron shook the image off, ducking to the right at a fork in the alley’s road, and pressing himself up against the wall until he could think of a plan.
“Damn it…” Castiel cursed and stomped away from the body. He rubbed at his temples and glared up at the sky.
"Gabriel may have been resurrected by Metatron for all the wrong intentions," Holly said, almost as if she was pleading to Dean. "But in the end he stayed. He stayed with Sam while you were in the hospital. Sam found a kindred spirit in Gabriel, he saw himself and he saw how Gabriel could make him stronger even after tearing him down so many times over the years. He took care of him Dean; he's still taking care of him in the future. They're happy like you and Castiel."
It wasn’t the first time he’d seen an angel kill, but it was the first he’d seen Castiel cry after doing it.
"I know," Castiel sighed and ran a comforting hand through her hair. "Believe me I know. I'm going to get you some juice for the night and turn up the heat a bit. I'll be right back sweetheart. Daddy will sit with you."
The Nephilim couldn’t explain it, but the sight of the young black-haired human standing shirtless before him and running his fingers through his wet hair had rendered him speechless. Jack felt the tugging sensation again as he watched Clark place his wet towel over the back of the officer chair nearby and let out a deep sigh.
One from Garth, whom he texted back and told that he would be there in the next few hours and would bring more beer.
They were in their human forms, so as not to arouse any suspicion or get any strange looks. Tojo took on the human form of a young tan skinned Hispanic man with deep dark blackish-brown hair and deep brown eyes. His clothes were as plain as they came. The hounds placed their human hands in their pockets and their eyes remained cast down at the sidewalk as they passed by dark storefronts and flickering streetlights. They had left Chaya and the others behind to guard the outside of the bunker.
“It’s a little more involved than that,” Sam started. “But yes, basically that’s a part of the physical symptoms that he wasn’t expecting.”
Yet, a visage of young Dean hovered over the bodies of two embracing corpses, forever asleep in one another’s arms, and he tried not to throw up.
Garth's closest relatives congregated in small groups, talking about various subjects to which Dean had a lack of input, and others sat and ate while watching their kids play. Garth's daughter Gertie twirled with a ribbon toy and shot him the occasional smile.
Ron glared at Austin, on any other day in time he probably would have agreed with him, but Kevin’s innocent face kept going through his head. The Prophet was halfway across town by now, slaughtering some innocent shifter who had most likely killed no one.
It was suddenly louder than ever before in the room. Dean replayed the scenario in his head several times. The way the demon had leered at him, observing the confusion on his face when he’d mentioned Castiel.
"Well don't you look peachy," Dean commented, regarding Sam's ragged appearance. He'd been up half the night at Eileen's going over the case.
Carefully, he closed the door to his bedroom, and treaded lightly down the hall. A few lights were on here and there to guide the way to the bathroom and the kitchen, but the house was deathly quiet. The crickets chirped excitedly outside, and Sam tried to match their sounds with the creaks in the floorboards.
His scruffy red beard dragged along Jessica’s skin and she smiled as her husband whispered little sweet nothings in Spanish in her ear.
“I have my ways,” Charlie replied. “They’ll slip up at some point. A theft for human pleasures. A check in to a motel with strange aliases. Strange energy blackouts or power outages. We’ll find them.”
As much as Ron wanted to rebel, he lowered his arm, and loosened his grip. The demon waited for a moment before taking off into the dark recesses of the nearest passageway away from Demontown. Ron sighed, trying his best not to hear the screams of the souls from the river nearby.
Bane motioned to Leo, Tojo, Ace, and Chaya, earning surprised looks, growling, and baying from Leo and Tojo. Ace turned to face Chaya and the female hound nodded at him and then Titan, staring into her old friend’s gaze with hope and a hint of sadness.
It wasn’t long before Dean was abruptly jerked into another timeline. One that didn’t involve Castiel or angels.
Dean nodded at Sam and tossed him a silver knife. Sam held it tight in his hand as he tucked his gun into his belt area, filled with bullets that could kill most everything. Castiel looked over at Dean, angel blade ready in hand, but the angel was lacking in the same passion for slaughter as the brothers.
“Wouldn’t thank Him yet if I were you.” Dean tiredly slurred, sweat pouring his body, and he shivered more and more violently as Castiel watched, helplessly, and tried his best not to panic.
The hound was a great protector. Dean was very thankful for him, despite the ghost pain in his ankle still flaring up occasionally to remind him of their meeting.
"You don't appreciate the entirety of the ocean until you spend enough time around it," Castiel continued. "I was nothing, but a drop in that ocean when I found you deep down in the depths of Hell. You were so much more though. Your soul was so hurt, but so pure just the same. I don't think I've ever told you that."
"Not that," Dean shook his head, glancing over at where Sam stood across the yard, making sure he couldn't hear. "A gay man."
Dean saw Castiel approach the older version of him and smile. Castiel looked happy beyond belief, like the whole weight of Heaven had been lifted off the angel's shoulders. He approached Dean quickly and looked down at the child in Dean's arms. He ruffled his hair and the child smiled up at Castiel. Their eyes matched, at least the child's one eye did. The other one matched…
His time since the store’s closing was spent moping around the apartment and knitting. Lots of knitting. A progression of dishcloth quality filled the kitchen drawer to bursting. Charlie, Sam, and Bobby had scarves set aside for next year’s Christmas. A five pack of double pointed needles taunted him from the couch arm. He wanted to make socks, that was the thing you were supposed to make, right? But damn, four needles. He checked out pattern books from the library and asked around at the craft store for advice and the consensus was to go into the first pair with the goal of learning the skills and becoming comfortable with the needles. If he wasn’t satisfied with the sock, he could rip it out and start over.
It was a lovely spring day: a light breeze, sunshine, and the flowers had started to bloom. He entered the park and perked up when each dog passed. Black lab. Daschund. St. Bernard. Golden Retriever, nope, cute family. No man in a trench coat.
He sped walked to the bathroom and let Honey go. She zoomed around the apartment, sniffed at the table, and pranced back to him. He sat down on his couch and she jumped up and laid her head down on his thigh. He picked up the phone and dialed Meg. One ring, two rings. “Hello?”
He punched the speed down two notches and adjusted. It would be fine. Deep breaths, keep stride and pace.
Droplets of condensation slide down the window. Dean’s head bobs along to Shania Twain on the radio.
“I never said you were stuffy.” She turned around and glanced towards the living room. “When will Jack wake up?”
Krissy and Kevin sat at the piano, plunking at the keys. She laughed, a bit tipsy, and guided Kevin’s fingers through the melody. “Ready?”
Dean lets out a puff of anxious breath. “Cool, cool, cool. Oh God, I was so nervous this would end bad.”
“We already tried meeting once before and you heard how that turned out. I don’t know if I could put myself through that rejection again.”
It irritated him. For years, he saw no hide or hair of him. To be fair, he hadn’t become a permanent fixture until eighteen months ago as the store conceptualization began. Now he couldn’t go three days without seeing the man sometime while he was out and about. He wanted to hide in his office or his apartment to avoid him.
Yeah, I’m better now than I was when I sent that. My roommate sat me down and we talked, watched a movie, all that. It’s rough, but she’s been through some similar shit, so she gets it. Doesn’t keep me from feeling like an asshole, but it at least helps me work through the
“Gonna put in any effort or are you just going to live on this boat for the rest of your life? I think Honey might like to feel grass under paws at some point.”
Dean stops and makes a face. “Yeah, peachy.” He runs his hands through his hair. “Uh, I kind of had a revelation while I was away with Sam. Well, Sam helped. Actually, Sam just told me. But, um, I like you.” Dean ducks his head toward the floor. “Like, like like.” He cringes. “God, I’m acting like an unpresented  thirteen year old with their first crush. I think you’re cool, Cas. And, ya know—“ he coughs, “um, I think I should stop there. Yeah.”
the other day and it occurred to me we've never talked about movies. It's a massive portion of my life, but I’ve never brought it up.
Dean tapped his foot and pushed his sleeve back to look at his watch. Twenty minutes past their agreed upon time. He should leave. Obviously he was stood up. It stung, but — no, it hurt and he was allowed to be hurt, dammit. They’d been talking for close to a year now and he thought he was close with NYC418 and yet here he was alone. His coffee was empty, but he didn’t want to get up and lose his seat. Which was ridiculous as the cafe was moderately full, tables and low couches empty. The slice of pie he had was long gone and the temptation to get another one rose. He thumbed through the pages of
Kevin jumped from his seat. “Mermaid? Dolphin? Siren? Give me something to work with.” Charlie shook her head and held up one finger. “One word.” She rotated her fist in a circle. “Oh, oh, oh, movie. I missed that. But is it still a mermaid?” She nodded. “Oh, oh, OH, OH, Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, SPLASH.”
“Not sure. I’ll find something.” Dean glanced over. “And get a plate or something. I don’t want crumbs on the floor.”
“Tell that to the permanent ‘Dean’ spot in the couch. First thing first, resume. Then we can get back to work on the Get Dean Back Into Civilization Project.”
“First, we’re going to order pizza.” She sat down next to him and leaned against him. “Second, this sounds like a problem we can fix with
I know this is an abrupt change in pace, but have you discussed self-care with your therapist? Or have they mentioned it? I think you could find some benefits. I don’t want to bog you down with the details in e-mail, but they’ll probably know what I’m talking about. You haven’t mentioned your progress lately (and it’s okay if you don’t want to), but depression and anxiety can worsen during the holidays do to stress, lack of sunshine, societal pressures, and a general fear of missing out. I just want you to know if it gets overwhelming and you don’t feel comfortable telling your family or friends, you can come to me. I know it might be heavy for over the internet, but I care.
Cas stands next to Garth in the back while they process drop-off dry clean orders. Charlie is at the front counter today. Tomorrow, Dean and Sam return.
Charlie rushed behind the counter and pushed towards Dean. “Look, I got Cassie to write that article for you.”
NYC418. “Arguing with daytime TV. Sometimes I’ll go out and walk around the city. I started knitting quilt squares. And Charlie makes sure I’m kept up to date on all the industry news.” He shrugged. “I know it doesn’t sound like a lot, but I see part of this as a vacation. I never took time off when I ran the store, so I’ve never really thought about what I would if I had all this time, you know? Long as I still talk to the therapist and walk around every once and a while I call it a win.”
Castiel stood up and pulled his shoulders in. “I’ll probably see you around.” He walked out of the cafe and left Dean alone again.
“Look, it’s business. You don’t have to apologize. It’s all about consumers and supply and demand. We just can’t compete with you.” Okay, so maybe he still had some anger towards Milton Books. He might have made the decision to close the store, and he knew it was the best decision, but he never would have had to until Milton Books moved into his neighborhood. “I’ll miss the regulars, but that’s not something a suit like you would care about.” Castiel flinched. Fuck, that was a low blow. Why did this guy bring out the worst in him? “Dammit, I — that was harsh.”
“Fuck!” He pulled his cut finger away from the cutting board and turned on the tap. He scrubbed at the cut and pulled away the edges of dead skin. “I never really got around to it. I’ve been busy at the store making sure everything is perfect and going over old sales and Mom’s records.” He turned off the tap and pressed a dishcloth to the wound. “I meant too, I really did. Should I even do it? Should I just still with the talk therapy?”
April pressed the back of her hand to his forehead. “You feel hot, but that’s probably because you’ve been under the blankets all day. Would you like me to take care of you?”
He leaned closer. “I’m not going to say I understand, because I can’t — at least not fully, but I at least understand that hollow “I’m sorry’s” aren’t going to help you. And probably nothing I say right now will help while you still hurt.”
Meg and Gabe shared a look. “Sure, bro. Whatever helps you sleep at night.” He slid his beer across the island and picked up a box. He lightly tossed it and a muffled jumble came out. “I think this might be bathroom.” He skipped out of the room leaving Meg with Cas.
Wait. Maybe there could be. He pushed Honey off his lap and sped to his laptop. He has to be online. He had to be online. He listened to Meg worry in his ear as he waited for everything to boot up. Instant messaging, ImpalaGuy was online. “Meg I'm sorry to have bothered you, but I figured it out.”
I don’t know if I’d get a dog. I’m gonna wait on that one, but hey! At least you solved the mysterious case of hyper-dog. That’s what happens when you don’t teach your dog the dangers of taking random treats.
Her foot inched farther, then pulled back, go back up. He squirmed in his seat. It should be easy. Not tonight. Not right now. I thought we were having a nice meal. “That’s kind of you to say. I would hate to be anything less than that.”
“Will do.” He settled the phone back in the cradle. He pulled a throw off the back of the couch and wrapped it around his shoulders. Honey padded into the room, hopped up, and settled against his legs. He rubbed the fur on the side of her neck and her tail twitched. He grabbed the remote and flipped through the channels to a cooking show.
He cut a piece and held it out for Dean. God, he felt cheesy doing it, but what else was he going to do? Steal Dean’s fork? He could have held the fork out to him to take, but was it too late? Apparently, because Dean leaned forward and ate the piece off the fork, a shit-eating grin on his face.
“Oh honey, all you had to do was ask and we could talk it out.” Pixelated music came from April’s purse slumped next to the couch. She reached down to picked it up. “Shit, it’s work. I should probably go. Call me when you get to the office.” She dashed out the door leaving Castiel with a cooling cup of coffee and an uneasy feeling. He sighed and left his coffee on the counter. He needed to get on with his day.
“Yeah.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I’ve been pretty shitty to you. It’s just, it’s frustrating.”
Dean grunted and shoved the calculator to the side. “Yeah, but Mom was a natural at what she did. I’m just eking it along.”
April. She was. She was. She was an unpredictable yet monotonous tick buried in his skin. But he held a duty to the family and while April had started out as a charming companion her insistence to worm her way into his private life left a soggy cereal feel in his mouth. Her actions were genuine, or at least felt genuine. Perhaps she was a bit a distant with him when they were out and about or at dinner parties, but it was still a relatively new relationship. Gabe argued that a six month relationship wasn’t “new”, but he had never exposed so much of his private life to someone outside the family in a long time. She charmed father, kept up with mother, and could handle Gabe. Yet he still felt uneasy and stumbled like a colt around the expectations of their relationship. He knew why.
“I took classes with an ex-boyfriend.” She uncovered the basket and pulled bread out for each of them. “He was like you, absolutely horrible. The instructor even pulled us aside and asked if we’d like a refund. We kept through it though, his pride was so bad, and he managed to make one decent thing — omelets. For weeks after that was all he made. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, I almost think those omelets were the reason we broke up.” She scraped her fork along the plate. “It’s why I can’t even look at eggs again, let alone eat them.”
“Okay, now I think you’re all just keeping me out of the loop for punishment.” Gabe tore his crust and threw it at Meg. “I blame you.”
“Love?” And where had that even come from, well, not exactly from nowhere. “I don’t think so, not yet.”
ImpalaGuy: Hey, don’t count yourself out yet. I know it didn’t turn out well last time, but I’d give it another chance.
It was not a date. Cas needed to repeat that to himself for as long as it would take to sink in. He still could not fathom why Dean would agree to this meeting, but he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Life was looking up for him: April evaporative from his life with little fanfare, therapy was okay, and Honey had yet to show any resentment for boat life. So, not bad overall.
They sang in unison until the girl part starting branching out on its own. Gabriel sang that part as Sam repeated the chorus repeatedly, a smile on his face and his eyes closed tight as he sang. As though he was singing for a giant stadium instead of having his own personal concert with his friend. Sam had grabbed a rolling pin to use as a microphone and Gabriel had settled on a spatula. It felt good to let loose, Sam so rarely did this. Mostly because Dean didn't agree with or teased his younger brother's music taste. The duet finished and the song faded. Sam erupted into deep and real belly laughter. Tears were almost running down his face. Gabriel had had to sit down on a bar stool to avoid falling over from his laughter.
Dean heard Castiel’s breath hitch ever so slightly, and the hunter choked and then squeezed the sides of his burger so hard that ketchup shot out onto the tablecloth, plate, and his jacket.
“Not this time,” Jack shook his head, admiring the work laid out for him all around. There were problems to fix. Wrongs to right. New stories to create.
Dean almost thought he was going to be sick again. Upon seeing the flames in the ground, smelling the burning of bones and salt in chilly midnight air. The stars and moon fully out, shining for all to see.
Dean rubbed at his chest where the scar still remained. Sometimes, he swore he could still feel the pain from where the angel sword had pierced right through him. He didn’t like thinking about it. It had prevented him from seeing the actual birth of his son and not those precious moments after. It represented their last battle, the last time the Winchester family had had to fight for their lives, and Dean knew damn well it wouldn’t be the last.
Dean stumbled to the bathroom again, a familiar sight, and immediately made his way to the mirror. Remnants of the werewolf poisoning still remained. His muscles were tender, as though infection still ran rapid. The fever still raged, though luckily not as high as before. The most peculiar side effect though, was his eyes. Dean leaned close to the mirror, pulling back his eyelids and staring at the golden flecks that now inhabited them.
“Well,” Sam replied. “I, for one, am glad everything that’s happened lately has allowed you to slow down, even if it’s only for a moment.”
"This witch sure knows what's good." Dean smiled a bit, but when he looked over at Holly his smile dropped. "What's wrong?"
Grace stood, slower and quieter. She was always an observer. Sporting the same platinum blonde hair as Clare and the same build. In terms of personality and eyes, she was all Jude. She was silent as a whisper in the wind, half of the time Jude and Clare had to make sure she was even still in the house, but she would always be found reading or staring out the window at the sky.
Future Dean picked his son up upside down by the ankles and gave a raspberry to his belly. Daniel squealed in delight and squirmed, trying to get free of Future Dean's grasp. Titan entered the room and barked at all of the excitement.
Dean tried not to stare at Castiel in just a suit. The trench coat was back at the bunker, folded on the dryer. Dean had done it himself when he’d stumbled upon it. The sun shone behind him, beautifully surrounding his head like a crown of sorts. Dean swallowed hard, rubbing at the back of his head and neck.
Dean made it to his empty room and flipped on the lights. The neatly made double bed a grim reminder he would be sleeping alone tonight. He could always go into town and find somebody to keep it warm for the night, but it seemed futile at this point.
"Alright, Dr. Sarcasm," Dean groaned and leaned back into the pillow. "I'm gonna get some shut eye. Tell Sam not to be loud when he comes in."
Castiel nodded again and the pair slowly made their way from the bathroom, Dean backing Castiel into the edge of the bed and stared heatedly at him. His eyes glanced downward at the growing bulge in the angel’s boxers.
That once and for all moment had never come, and even now, Crowley could barely remember what that had even looked like at one time.
One by one, the hunters raised their bottles into the air, letting out cries of exaltation and triumph. Sam and Eileen were second to last, Sam holding her close to him, and crying out louder than the rest.
“I was looking for Jack.” Clark explained. “I don’t think I managed to get everybody else’s names before I passed out.”
"I questioned it a lot," Sam explained. "Growing up. Same as you, I can imagine. Just never acted on it. Never could with dad around. College was also just kind of my ticket to figure myself out. It was a much more welcoming environment than dad's motel rooms if you catch my drift."
Dean knew Chuck was most likely speaking Enochian, but once again, just like with the creature, his brain translated automatically.
"No chick flick moments is my eternal rule," Dean pointed a finger at her. "I think what you just said before that last part qualifies as one."
The dinner fell into silence. Her foot continued to trail along his leg as they ate. The candlelight no longer felt romantic, but instead predatory with her intense stare across their meals. He wished it could be over with, but he hate to rush through the meal and kick her out of his apartment. Her foot brushed past his penis. He froze. She bit her lip and dropped her fork. The clatter made him twitch.
“Pamphlets and fliers are easy to hand out. Around the store, maybe at some campuses? College students can be sentimental.”
Sam winced. “Okay, so you,” he pointed at Dean, “have been messaging a guy online since.” He paused. “Wait, did you start on your birthday last year?”
“That’s great, but lay off a bit, you’re choking me.” Man did she have a death grip. “So when are you getting out of here?”
“Could you stay in here, visit with me?” It felt selfish. It was selfish. She probably had work she needed to do and it’s not like she could entertain him at every moment of the day.
Dean sneezed. And sneezed. And sneezed. He knew it couldn’t be allergies, it was too early. He hoped he didn’t have that cold Charlie came home with last week, but he probably wasn’t lucky. His throat had been sore when he woke up and he hacked up gunk when he brushed his teeth. He grabbed a Kleenex and groaned when he came up empty. He maneuvered through the store boxes to the hall closet to grab another box. He collapsed onto the couch and cuddled the box. Colds sucked.
The problem being, he was probably the asshole. He got where Castiel came from — he put his foot in his mouth before — but Castiel seemed to have everything figured out and then kept doing it. He looked upset when he stormed out, but it wasn’t his job to make sure Castiel Novak was happy and well adjusted. That was his wife or whoever. He didn’t even know if the guy was married. Probably was — as much as he hated the guy he had to admit he looked good. She had gone to Billie’s release party — May? No, April. Castiel would go home, a bit disgruntled. A nice dinner would be at the table. No kids, but maybe a dog eager to see his owner. April would listen to his day, soothe him, relax him. After dinner, they would go back to their bedroom and she’d know just where to put her hands, her lips, to make him come undone.
The trip back to his apartment was lonely, cold, and let too much time for him to contemplate his future. The crux of the problem was that it never really felt like
Dean scrapped his fork against the plate. “This has been nice.” He huffed and scooped up the pie crumbs and melted whipped cream. “Remember when you saw me in that coffeeshop, like, in January?”
“Hey, it was my idea, of course I would help you. I’ve got friends that could picket the store if you wanted. One of my friends has way to many craft supplies and could make signs for us.”
A waitress came by their table to take their drinks orders. Dean fiddled with the napkin dispenser. “One is going to take so much planning. Like, I’ve been planning it for years and never really had any hopes to get it off the ground. The whole thing with the store makes me want to take the chance, but I’m still not sure. The second is just to go find another bookstore and see what they’ll offer. After being the boss for so many years I don’t know how I’m going to do working under someone, but it can’t be that bad can it?”
Dean felt hot. He should have ended this conversation after a quick sorry. Now he was an ass and so was Castiel. Jesus, what a mess. “Just fuck off.” He shoved his hands in his pocket and stormed away.
“I dunno. You guys have been doing it for years now and I’d hate to butt in.” Dean took his mug back and chugged it down. “Plus, I’d be the only dude. Would that be weird?”
“Yes, at least I think so. If it was only snark, I’d keep it around, but withering, condescending nastiness is not snark.”
“She’s not gonna freak. She knows where you are and trusts me. She’ll be glad you stayed here. And if there’s any problem I can explain.”
He rolled his eyes and crouched down. “Look, I know I’ve probably been a pain in the ass to you, and honestly you’re still kinda on my shit list, but it’s not beneath me to help a guy out.” He picked up the bundle of vegetables and bag of flour. “Good thing it didn’t burst. That would’ve sucked.”
His parents smiled and waved back at the kids. “Have a nice day,” added his mother. They got into the car and it drove off leaving Castiel and the kids on the sidewalk.
“Got room for more?” She stood in the doorway, top gone and her breasts covered in whipped cream. Maraschino cherries studded the middle of each where her nipple would be. The right one slipped through the melting cream.
She tugged him by the labels when he was in reach and pointed above. “Mistletoe.” She trailed her hands up to the nape of his neck and leaned in. It was brief, no sordid affair, definitely no tongue. Sweet and dry, but he felt nothing. “Let’s go in. The duck looks amazing.”
“One, Aaron joined this campaign, and two it’s Queer D and D night, not Lesbian D and D night. You’ll be right at home with us. I promise you’ll have fun. Consider it, okay?”
“Hopefully there will always be people like you.” Cas can see Dean’s tense shoulders, guarded expression, and tight fists. He can make his own assumptions.
Cas guides the kids through the back where the industrial machines sit for dry-clean and drop-off service jobs. Once he’s satisfied they’ll be okay and know how to run the machine, he leaves them be. He wouldn’t want a stranger hovering over him after that.
“With Cas, I don’t know if he’d be into that. Obviously we must be at least okay friends, but he’s a big business guy. Even if he was queer, it’s not like he could announce it to the world without the stock dropping.”
“Okay, I’m gonna ignore any kind of backward reasoning that got you to that conclusion for a second. I’m not gonna tell you that no matter what you choose they’ll love you, because there’s a hot chance they probably won’t. But you’ve got to decide whose happiness matters to you more: theirs or yours.” He punched his shoulder. “And if you don’t say yours we’re gonna be having a longer conversation.”
He stepped outside and pulled the collar up on his coat. God, what was he going to do? He brushed a tear out from under his eye with his thumb and headed towards the subway. He was going to do his best, it’s all he could do right now.
What had started as an innocent enough haunted house adventure between him, Kevin, Adam, and Ezra had turned into a literal nightmare in a matter of seconds.
All of the angel’s newfound human-like emotions went into overdrive the moment he saw the fear in Adam’s eyes, and understood why.
A lot of things were revealed and potentially answered this chapter and I am so looking forward to starting the next one on an exciting note!
Daniel looked over at his side table, searching for what was left in the bottle of Cathalsis’ concoction. He swirled the electric blue liquid around at the bottom of the glass and observed the way it moved. He knew he should drink the rest, take care of the problem.
Future Dean made it through the checkout line in record time. As he started to leave he exited at the same time as the other guy.
Before Austin could comprehend what was happening, Ron dropped from up above, and latched his legs and arms onto Austin’s shoulders. The pair jerked, Austin thrashed, and Ron ground his teeth and tried his best to hold on.
"Are you sure you're up to it?" Castiel asked, reaching a hand to Dean's forehead before he could say a word. Dean's breathed hitched ever so slightly at the angel's touch and he tried to control what little thoughts he was sure Castiel could see if he chose to look.
Once his eyes focused, Dean saw the man was quite handsome. He had dark brown, almost black hair, and misty blue eyes. He was sporting some stubble and wearing a black button-down short-sleeve shirt with the collar undone. He wore blue jeans and vans. He walked with the swagger as though he owned the world. His fingers curled around a freshly washed glass filled with the same amber liquid Dean was consuming and Dean's thoughts briefly turned dirty.
Castiel sat on the edge of his bed, closing his eyes, and trying something he hadn’t in a long time.
“We will assist Charlie in watching over the bunker and doing research of our own tonight.” Balthazar commented. “It’s been too quiet these last few days. They’re planning something, we just don’t know what.”
“There is no need to fight,” Ezra spoke up, and swallowed hard once all eyes were on him. “We can figure this out.”
Before Dean could speak, his angel took off in a flap of wings, and left him alone in the main room of the bunker. He could visit his son, but as soon as he started walking, he stopped. Something held him back. It wasn’t fear, but uncertainty.
“With pleasure,” Gabriel snapped his fingers and suddenly Adam, Kevin, and Ron all were dressed in stuffy suits. Ron tugged at the lapel of his and grimaced.
“I don’t understand how this has turned into an ongoing debate.” Castiel remarked, slightly annoyed at the brothers, but not enough to warrant expressing the emotion.
“I feel the innate need to be near you. I apologize if this makes you uncomfortable. I just…need to know that you’re okay.”
His body was jerked to the right, as though a rather large hand had control. The scene changed. The darkness was gone. Dean was standing in a rather drafty and dirty old house with guileless light dancing with the dust and dirt particles that filled it. The windows were half covered in rotting boards. The floor was half gone already. The room was a Gravitron until Dean closed his eyes. He felt the motion cease and could also suddenly feel just how deep his fingernails had protruded into his palms.
The entire family had chosen to be skeletons to commemorate the kids’ first occasion of the holiday. It was simple and easy, and not reflective of anything Sam and Dean would sooner stab a blade through to kill on any other given day. Daniel gave an awkward smile, revealing his perfect white teeth, and his blue eye and green eye stood out powerfully against the makeup.
I am not sure how much more of this story I have planned, but I do know that we are nearing the end! For those of you still with me, thank you! The rest will be out soon!
Dean shot up in bed, drenched with sweat so badly he'd soaked the bed. He hadn't had that dream in months, it seemed. Although, he recalled every detail. It always ended differently. The hawk always came back.
“Mom’s inside,” Charlie explained. “She told me to tell you when you pulled up that dinner is almost ready.”
He passed the small cafe, all dark roasted coffee and baked goods. His stomach growled. He’d worked through lunch, not ready to leave his store yet. No pie, but slices of sweet bread, muffins, and cookies lined serving trays. Coffee makers lined the back and burbled as they boiled and warmed. But he didn’t come here for food. He still wasn’t sure what he wanted to get from his trip inside.
Cas nudges her boots off the counter. “News stand’s outside. There’s probably enough change on the floor to pay for it.”
“No, I’ve just been up at night figuring out what I want to do next. I’ve got a couple of ideas, but I’m not sure what to do.”
A couple fingers of whiskey and late night questions of mortality found him in the over thirty chat room. He made it clear to NYC418 that he was a dude, but it didn’t bother him. He had also been a bit lonely and had hoped to make a friend. Friend. Nothing wrong with that. Dudes could bare their souls a little bit and not lose their masculinity. Probably healthier. The problem was they had been talking for almost eight months and Dean had a feeling he was a little bit in love with the guy. Dammit though, he wasn’t supposed to catch feelings.
Thanks, I’ll bring it up next session. And you’re right, it’s been kinda bad. I’ll keep what you said in mind. Hope I won’t drag you down too much. Happy Holidays.
Castiel rolled over and glared at his clock. 8:47. He had a meeting in less than fifteen minutes and the fact Meg had not called him should clue him in to his out of place morning sloth like attitude. If he rushed, he would be reasonably late. He shuffled farther under the covers. He should be there for the meeting. It was the first time everyone would get together to go over the numbers of the superstore’s first month of business. He should be proud. He should feel accomplished.
“Honestly,” she drained the glass. “Not terrible. Nice buzz going. Not dizzy anymore. Seriously, you need to loosen up.” She peered through her eyelashes and grinned. “I can help you with that.”
Inevitably, he wandered into the children’s section. A bit more sterile than his store, colorful character murals dotted the walls and the shelves were well stocked. A cluster of tables held coloring stations and books for early readers. Squishy bean bag chairs leaned against each other. A pair of siblings shared a chair and the older one helped the younger flip the pages. He brushed the edges of the books, skimmed the titles.
“Yes, I think so. I had gotten a bit blind to my daily interactions. I know I’ve been less than hospitable to you. If there’s anything I could do to make it up, let me know.”
The man turned around and it was Steve from weeks ago. “It’s lovely to meet you, I’m Castiel Novak.”
He looked down at Claire then back at Jack. “You’re right, silly me.” He sat Jack back down and took his hand. “What do you say to everyone.”
If there’s one thing our conversations do is bring out the better person in me, the exact opposite of the person I’ve been dealing with. If I could mix the two together you’d get a decent person. But they’re both drastic looks at who I am. I know I have problems. I know I’m not perfect. But the in-the-face reminders suck.
“If you’d truly like to see me in heels, you only can on Saturdays under the Angel. I’ve been told it’s quite the treat.”
He drank half in the first gulp. “You just drop off one day and abandon the family for months. What do you even have to say?”
The multi-levels to the building were his favorite part. The promise of entirely different lands of books, waiting to be discovered. He wanted to recreate the feel he got when he stepped foot into his university library for the first time. Sure, there were multiple ones on campus, but it had been
Charlie opened a cabinet and pulled out the Band-Aid box. “I’m sure you did, but it can’t help you if you don’t fill it. And maybe you’ll find talk is best.” She peeled the backing off and waited for him to remove the dishcloth to wrap it around his finger. “I know you think you’re killing your mom again if you lose the store —”
“It’s been recently pointed out to me that my behavior was off-putting, boorish, and an amalgamation of alpha male behavior.”
“I think it’s more of a me thing than a general depression/anxiety thing. Or maybe it is a depression/anxiety thing and I can’t tell anymore.”
He sat down and poured their wine. The candlelight flickered over her face, the glow a bright spot in her dark pupils. “Thank you for putting this together. It’s lovely.”
“If it matters, I think it will be. I can get why you’ve been a dick. You don’t become top-dog by being soft, but you’re kinda at a point where it was never really you to begin with, right?”
Charlie squeals from the front and Cas glances over at Garth. He looks just as confused as Cas feels.
“I’m glad you it was you, too.” Cas tipped up face down and hovered his lips over Dean’s. “Is this okay?”
Not to minimize your feelings, but I think that’s general feel whenever anyone ends a portion of their life. High school, college, relationships, death of family members — a lot can disturb the life you’ve built up. I think what you need most is stability. You want to be able to have something stay in your life and not change. Isn’t the American Dream: a steady job, spouse and kids, roof over your head, and the promise that your life won’t change if you don’t want it to, that you can continue to live the life you’ve built?
“See, I told you. We’ll have people to support us. Don’t worry so much.” Bobby clapped his shoulder. “We’ll make it through.”
He’d known Meg for awhile. They met at university when he held her hair back while she puked her guts out at the one frat party he attended. They’d been close ever since and he didn’t think he could get rid of her even if he wanted. “I’m fine.”
He should’ve never let it get this far. He should’ve run at the first sign of trouble. He should’ve let her go. “April, I don’t think I can do this anymore.”
“No, let me finish. I know you don’t want to lose the store because you think you’re losing your mom again, but do you really think she would rather you kill yourself over it instead of doing your best while staying sane.”
She turned to him and leaned against the window. “He’s definitely young. And good looking. So, he’s not some fifty year old.”
Castiel inched further down the table and picked up the meat forks to scoop out the turkey. “I just wanted them to have a nice day. I worry they don’t get enough love or have an adult genuinely pay attention to what they say. I know Jack’s mother tries, but I can’t always say the same for Claire’s. And don’t even throw their fathers in the picture. I can’t help if they wanted to go into your store. And if it makes you feel better, they had a nice time. Claire and Kaia love the Cimorene books. Jack is happy I have a copy of the ‘Mama Llama’ book at my place even though he hasn’t visited yet.”
“I’m glad.” He stirred and opened the freezer to pull out the fresh tortellini he bought earlier in the day. “So that would explain the extra all nighters then. Don’t forget to sleep, it’s important.”
He groaned and buried his head in his arms. “I don’t know if I can look. It’s already been a disaster tonight.”
“We’ve done a lot today: put up the decorations, put the ornaments on the tree, and we made cookies. He’ll be up by the time we decorate them.” He put the last clean dish in the rinse water and handed it to Claire. He stepped behind her to take the stack of utensils back in their proper spots. “I’ve appreciated all of your help today. Have you gotten to decorate at your home?”
“My business partner apparently has run in the same circles as your roommate, Celeste Bradbury? She’s been over before and you had your bedroom door open?”
“I get it, Cas. We both saw me in the cafe, I wouldn’t have accepted it if you told me sooner. But, I’m glad it was you.”
“It’s the meds, Char. I don’t know if these are good.” He couldn’t even drink the fancy champagne they had out. God, why did she had to drag him here. Industry parties always made him feel out of place. He wiggled the knot of his tie. Were the meds even the right decision?
This set isn't bad. A few stains here and there from slick, lube, and the rest that is expected. Spots of blood, most likely from a successful mating bite, dot the sheets and the edges of one of the pillowcases. Cas pulls out an industrial bottle of Scent-B-Gone and turns the tap on cold for the soak sink. He has two hours left until he is done for the day, time enough to soak, scrub, and wash this set. Next shift will make sure they get sent through to the dryers.
“These are the books Alex was talking about. It’s about this princess who fights bad guys and has a dragon and she said it was super cool.”
April grabbed a new glass as a waiter floated by and took a sip. “Celeste, we should go find a corner for ourselves and leave the men to talk.” She pulled Charlie away from him, leaving him alone next to the table with Castiel.
We didn’t make Christmas cookies in my household, but I was always allowed to pick up one of those tins of shortbread cookies. Other relatives brought homemade cookies when we got together, but I never had the experience of baking, hence my current problems. Thank you for helping.
— with Cas made him so conflicted. He thought he’d made his decision when he agreed to meet NYC418, but then his pie date — not a
He stared down at his plate and twirled the alfredo, speared a shrimp. It was nice, but the romantic air dampened his mood. “Where did you learn to cook?”
“Thanks.” He clutched the flowers and nudged Castiel out the door. He shut it a bit too fast and raced back to the kitchen to find the one vase Charlie insisted they get for special occasions. Overall, it was an odd experience, but he always liked the Castiel who first came into his store than Castiel Novak, corporate goon of Milton Books. He filled the vase halfway and arranged the daisies in the vase. They perked up in the water and he sat it on the coffee table. It looked nice. He picked up his knitting needles and his skein of yarn to start his socks.
“No.” And it was the truth. He’d never been happy with April and he never would be. He felt pushed into the relationship, pushed into giving up, and for once he felt in charge somewhere besides the conference room.
back behind the counter. It was always crowded after story time, but he wouldn’t have it any other way. The kids loved it, he loved it, and if it helped boost sales why not? He loved listening to his mom read to him as a kid. A small tug on the back of his shirt. He turned around and there was a girl. “Hello, how can I help you?”
Kevin poked his head into the office and wiggled the phone. “It’s channel three. They want to know if you’ll do an interview during the picket. They’re putting together a story.”
“Thanks. I didn’t know how to tell you, because for awhile I didn't’ know if we were official. I finally just asked her and she said we were. It’s been great.”
“Nice to meet you, I think Claire is ready to go.” Claire placed three more books on the counter along with the Enchanted Forest Chronicles. “You’ve got a great Dad to buy all these books for you.”
He sat up and tumbled out of bed. He grasped for his home phone and dialed Meg’s cell. One ring, two rings, three rings, four rings. “Where the hell are you? Everyone is in there wondering where the hell Mr. Punctual is. Please tell me you’re on your way.”
He stooped down and opened his arms wide. They ran right into him and he had to brace himself so he didn’t fall over. “Oof, have you guys gotten bigger since the last time I saw you?” He nudged them away and stood up. “I think you have.” He scooped Jack up into his arms. “Look at how tall you are. Even taller than Claire. When did that happen?”
His younger brother and Gabriel were both in the kitchen, there was music blasting, music Dean would never listen to, but he knew made his brother happy. Sam's head was thrown back in laughter as he and Gabriel danced. Gabriel's smile was beaming like it was made of sunshine itself as he looked up at Sam's outburst. Whatever they were cooking was still in the stove, it had some time left on it. The two of them were in sock feet and Sam in a t-shirt and his Stanford sweatpants. Gabriel was dressed in his usual attire, minus the green jacket he usually wore which was hung on a peg in the wall near the entrance. When Sam stopped laughing about whatever he'd been laughing about he looked back down to see Gabriel staring at him.
It only left one, because it was the only bar in town with food that wouldn't return up your throat an hour after eating.
His head was throbbing, and his entire body ached something awful as though he’d been hit by several busses, but Dean still thrust himself up from the driver’s seat and tried to cover up the small whine that escaped his throat. He gripped the side of the Impala, curling his fingers around the open door and finding his balance again before reaching for his duffle in the back seat.
“That was before you left us for a man of God,” Tess scoffed. “You really think we can trust you now?”
Anorath handed Castiel a small piece of paper. The leader of the Angel Council read over the words it contained and sighed upon when it vanished into flame and smoke. He stared back over at the map. The blinking red lights were still unchanged from before. He then looked around at his Council.
"Please Annahita," Castiel said. "The Righteous Man and I wish to have our own child. We want him or her to be made of us. Father has these powers I realize, but you are the only one who can convince him it is of import to us. He tends to turn a blind eye to me lately…"
Long after Sam and Eileen had cleaned up their mess from dinner, they still sat at the map table going over spells and Sam compiled information Eileen provided him. Eileen sat, sighing occasionally, and fidgeting under the table. Her leg shook up and down and she practically jumped every time Sam said something.
The emptiness Dean suddenly felt was immense, and the hunter swallowed a hard lump starting to form in his throat.
It felt as though something were tugging under the skin. Dean touched his sleeve and rolled it up his arm. He felt his stomach drop to his feet the moment he stared at his deltoid. Where there once had been a white leftover scar, there was now, once more, a raised red skinned mark in the shape of a hand.
Dean’s heart fluttered in his chest at the thought of Castiel, up in Heaven, swearing his loyalty to a cause he hadn’t had a clue about the implications involved with it. Dean finally found his courage and lifted his chin to meet the angel’s gaze.
Wow a super long chapter! I was clearly on a roll. There was so much I wanted to establish before going any further and I hope I did a good job of that. Hopefully, none of the relationships seem forced. I am planning on fleshing out a few of them a bit more as this story goes along (namely Adam and Ezra), and I do plan to delve deeper into the big bads and their strange obsession with Daniel as well. I do hope everybody enjoyed this chapter and there will be more to come soon!
He looked over to see Jack sitting in a chair, patiently staring at the wall nearby, and the boy turned his head when Clark stared at him.
"I'll let Gabriel tell you the answer to that one," Holly replied and turned towards the closed door to Dean and Castiel's room. "Go on Dean."
It had been about five days since the sickness had begun. So far, she’d managed to keep it to herself, hiding in bathrooms and back alleyways, letting everything that entered come back up her throat when nausea took over. It came in waves, predominantly in the morning, but sometimes throughout an entire day. Meg had been sleeping a lot more, taking less time to observe the inner workings of Hell with Crowley, and trying her best to keep up with her boyfriend and try not to worry him too much more than usual.
“Daniel,” Jody nodded with a big smile and Daniel felt a bit better. “Well c’mon in, everyone! Proper introductions and food are waiting.”
"I told you this in the mystery spot years ago Sam," Gabriel said. "I like you. I like your caliber. I like the way you keep going even after all these shitty things have happened to you. You haven't lost faith Sam Winchester, not like the rest of the world. You always believe in that perfect little pot of gold at the end of the magic rainbow and honestly I don't ever want you to lose that mentality."
“Pleased to meet you ma’am.” Jack shook Loretta’s hand and a smile broke out on his face when he noticed her holding it and squeezing it in a motherly way.
"Play the song about the horses again daddy," his daughter said excitedly. "Pretty please with sugar on top!"
At least that was what Dean was hoping for as his nerves grew by the minute with every shirt he folded and then carefully put away in his dresser drawers. He swallowed his drying spit, sighed, and closed his eyes.
"It was like you with Castiel," Holly explained to Dean, coming up beside him. "The emotional attraction was there first, the physical came after. Sexuality is fluid. We can't help who we love; all we can help is why we love them."
"I learned from the best as I said before," Holly replied. "You and Papa will teach me a great deal."
Lucifer appeared in the doorway, walking over to the table, and setting a water down in front of Charlie. He nodded towards it, expressing that she needed to start drinking it, and although Charlie rolled her eyes, she still drank quite a bit before stopping.
Then, Ron stopped, and remembered that this was Kevin. Kevin whom he loved, despite whatever crazy nonsense was going on in the Prophet's head right now.
Dean smirked. So his future daughter had a crush? Lord knows the boy she had it on probably had had one on her since he'd called her that. Holly stared at them too and Dean saw the look cross her eyes again before disappearing. There was a small spot of red poking up from her collar, but Dean chose to ignore it once again. How was he supposed to bring that up in casual conversation? Holly quickly stood up and rushed out of the diner, Dean, in a frantic hurry followed after her. He stopped behind her some ways and watched as she sighed heavily, head down staring at the ground. She turned around when she realized he had followed her.
Dean threw his whole body against Sam, engulfing his younger brother in a big hug and Sam returned it, gently bringing his arms down to reach around Dean's body and hold it tight. Dean and Sam both closed their eyes, savoring in the moment of peace, and then broke apart to face one another again.
The second obstacle was Claire. She had wanted to join in, claiming she was itching for a good hunt. Jody was already occupying the west end of the town, hot on patrol for criminals along with specters. Sam and Eileen had taken off on foot. Sam having sensed Dean's awkwardness and figured it best to distance themselves. This left Castiel with Dean and Claire in the Impala, sitting on the east side and watching the train tracks.
Ron shuddered at the thought of Kevin ever finding out that he still had the deep desire to do these things.
I have one tiny epilogue planned (a little vignette in time, if you will) and then that will be the end of this story. In the meantime, stay safe, stay cool, and fair winds.
Crowley looked over at Dean and Castiel, the hunter patching up the angel’s forehead wound, and Castiel wincing upon the contact of Dean’s thumbs across the quickly bloodied bandage. Crowley caught him sharing whispers the King of Hell couldn’t hear to his partner, and an affectionate hand squeeze before Dean turned his attention to his son, who looked morose as ever, but trying to hide it.
He hadn’t meant to run away from Jack, but what the Nephilim had admitted had simply been too much to process in that moment and Clark had just needed some time away by himself to think about the words Jack had said.
"Is Sam alright?" Castiel asked, his hand lingering where he had just mended Dean. Once upon a time there had been a raised red scar of a handprint there.
Future Dean looked down at it; he couldn't find anything that was in the least inappropriate about it. Until it finally hit him.
A thousand possible negative scenarios entered the hound’s mind, but he tried his best to remain composed as he handed Tojo the bag of medicine.
They took each other’s hands. Dean felt his eyes lingering on Castiel’s near the angel’s lap. He swallowed a hard lump in his throat when the pair before them exchanged rings.
"For Nephilim yes," she explained. "They take on properties of both of their parents. If one gene strain is stronger than the other then that half will take over. They will either be more human or more angelic. There is no in between."
“Make it quick,” the higher-ranking angel began to usher the other lower tier warrior to leave. “You know the rules.”
Ron dodged at the last second, just as Austin thrust his knife forward, and barely nicked Ron’s skin in the process. Ron stumbled backward, his fingers stinging in pain when he hit the brick wall behind him hard. His eyes blew wide, staring at his bloodthirsty cousin before him.
It was no grand entrance, but still a figure stands before him. Face half hidden by the turning of the figures left side being the only side facing Dean. A grandiose shadow with many inhuman heads fills the walls, obscuring the symbols, and some even seem to fade away, sliding like watery red rain into nothingness. Dean recalls they’re not real. All just what he managed to remember.
Dean looked over at her, worry filling his eyes. The corners of Claire's eyes filled with tears that threatened to fall.
Dean felt like a kicked dog. He averted his gaze ever so slightly, trying to focus on the blinking motel vacancy sign instead of Castiel's face. Or, dare he say it, the hunter would start crying. His breath came out cold in the night air. There were stars in the sky. If somebody asked Dean to paint a picture of this very moment, he could probably do it blind. Every detail was etched into his mind as Castiel spoke.
“I am not sure they are capable of understanding such things,” Castiel replied. “How do you intend to find them?”
Daniel felt exposed. As though the entire room could see through him all the way to his skeleton. His did had respected the fact that he didn’t wish to make publicly known what Daniel shared with him, but even simply having his papa in the room alongside Cathalsis was hard enough.
Memories came back to Dean in a flash. All of them, all at once, but one particular one came last. A brisk night so long ago in an abandoned barn with every sigil and symbol known to man painted on its walls. The Bobby from their world, still alive, by his side and shooting bullets at a man that couldn’t be moved.
Chuck snapped his fingers a second time and the two men fell to the ground, unconscious not dead, and the two angelic balls of light before Chuck lifted what looked like their heads just as the humans began to shake and vanish into particles and atoms.
“Yeah we can,” Daniel nodded, more excited than before. “I’m gonna be here ‘til tomorrow. Maybe we can play here tomorrow?”
“You say that, but you do not know,” Cathalsis replied. “You have been with the humans too long, Castiel. They have taught you to falsely speculate or anticipate outcomes.”
“Papa,” Sarah giggled. “That’s not a good question! You can make either of those things anytime we want!”
"Isn't that what's supposed to happen?" Jamie cocked his head and smiled at the bartender as he replaced his non-alcoholic drink with another. Dean couldn't help, but stare as Jamie's sleeve rode up the tiniest bit. The little marks were still there, but they were white now against his tan skin.
Dean took another deep breath and made his way into the shower. Castiel stood there, clothes and hair drenched, under the warm stream of water. He turned and looked at Dean, as though he was staring at a wonder of the world. The steam had brought out the scent of Castiel’s wing oil even more, like a bath mist.
Dean took the steps slowly. They creaked under his weight. His brain went into hunting mode. He forgot he wasn't in the real world, he forgot this was his brain, he even forgot about Holly for a moment. His knife was held in steady in his hand as he rounded the corner and into the hallway. There were four rooms on the top floor. Three bedrooms and one bathroom, the bedrooms were dusty and deserted and one of the rooms was missing a door though the brass hinges still remained. The floors were all wood, wood that hadn't been treated in a long time. The light streamed down the hall from a room where the door was cracked slightly. Dean's knife glistened in it. He approached the door and threw it open.
“Just because you went on one escapade with us,” Austin circled Ron as he spoke, arms behind his back. “Mind you, we had to force you, or the bloodlust would have only grown stronger by the minute. It doesn’t mean we can trust you anymore.”
The event faded and Holly and Dean stood outside his daughter's bedroom. Future Dean stood, knocking on it.
“What the hell are you talking about, man?” Dean replied, suddenly getting a bit more defensive than before.
Billie had crash landed alongside Castiel the moment they’d arrived but vanished the moment she’d looked his way. The inky black substance they were surrounded by had risen up from the ground and engulfed her.
“So how long are you going to sleep on the floor? Or are you going to have Hannah send someone out to get you new furniture?”
“Okay, one, you’re already here. There’s a chance they’ve walked by. You could’ve seen them. Two, it’s shitty to stand people up, just don’t do it. And three, regardless of how cheesy it sounds, maybe they’re the one. Maybe this is the one person who will put your head on straight and make you realize you need to stop with this whole April thing. Are you even happy with her?”
He opened the oven and the were golden, the warm butter and vanilla smell drifted out. “Yes they are.”
“One, you got an invitation too — Billie adores us — and two, Dorothy and I aren’t there yet. Also, three, these people don’t know I’m queer as they come.”
. If I know you, you’ve been freaking out about this since you saw it. And I bet Bobby even told you not to worry.”
She hopped up on the counter and angled the glass towards him. “What are you gonna do? You’re at a good place right now to start over, do something new. And we’ve gotten you out of the apartment, so that’s one success. What’s the next step for Dean Winchester?”
He covered the pot and set a timer. “Okay, I want you to get back to whatever you were working on — don’t give my that look. I’m sure you’re close to a deadline and need to finish. I’m gonna go clean the bathroom. Then maybe get the laundry thrown together. If you’ve got anything, throw it in or do it yourself.”
— and we’ve already seen a drop in sales compared to this time last year. We’re weeks away from the holiday season and if this keeps up I don’t know if I can keep the store closed past the new year.” He shoved the tomatoes off the cutting board and into a pot. Where was the chicken stock?
April turned around and beamed. “Celeste, it’s so good to see you, dear. We’re so proud of Billie. Knew she’d be a smashing success.” She downed the last of her drink and grabbed the arm of a man faced away towards a group of men. “Darling, this is Celeste Middleton. She’s the children’s agent I keep telling you about.”
The bell rang and a small girl with curly hair bounced in. “Can you help me find a book about cats?”
“I hear angry cooking. Dean, why are you angry cooking?” Charlie stepped into the kitchen and draped her arms over his shoulders.
from the display with plush llamas. “Is it this one?” Jack nodded. This guy had a cute family. The kind Dean had to tell himself was not happy, at least not any time soon, or if at all. God, he didn’t even know if he could handle all the spit up. “Would you like to pay now?”
He pulled at his collar. Cleared his throat. “Well, the numbers look good. After,” he coughed, “after your store closed we saw an uptick in traffic and sales.” This was not the kind of conversation he should be having. “Was that inconsiderate? I know you said ‘no use crying over spilt milk,’ but it seems rude to talk about the positives that come from your store closing.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “It might not be that big of a deal. People love us and what good is New York City if you can’t come for quality, locally owned businesses? We don’t need big companies to come in and shut us down.”
He took the glass from her and stepped back. “April, I’ve talked about it before. I’m not comfortable —”
He didn’t know what to say. With the romantic dinner swept away, he had no way to broach any serious conversation with her. And he was scared. He laughed — more nervous than mirth. “Isn’t it a bit early.”
A knock startled him. He opened the door and Gabe stood on the deck, a costume captains’ hat on his head. “I thought you hated this thing?” He kicked the edge of the doorway.
A muffled “You have mail,” blurted out from Dean’s computer. Charlie perked up. “Oh, is that your friend?”
It’s always been the smell of books for me. New books, old books, ink off of fresh newspapers. That section of Westerns in the back of libraries that always smell of cigarettes. Maybe I’m romanticizing it, but there’s just something about fall that makes it easy to put on the rose colored glasses and feel like there are new beginnings. Probably that school stuff you mentioned. Never caught the school bug like you did. Libraries though, I like them too. And that’s my roommate who just walked through the door. Since you’re feeling so nostalgic, can you recommend any books? I’m in a bit of a book rut and would appreciate a new perspective.
I know we said no specifics, but the shitty thing about the holidays is that they reinforce how much society plays up the importance of being in a relationships. Not that there’s anything wrong with people who’ve found the one — good for them. But the other three hundred odd days outside of the holiday season (excluding Valentine’s Day, I’ve got a whole other conversation about that) people are all like “it’s fine, you’re improving yourself.” Or “you don’t need someone to complete you.” But the calendar flips and suddenly it’s a crime that you’re not attached to anyone. Excuse you, I’m a functioning person on my own. I buy my own groceries and pay the bills. My existence isn’t decided by my dating status. It’s just, ugh. Sorry for the word vomit.
“Me too, but you know how she is. In for a second, out the next. She’s got wheels for feet,” added Bobby.
“I could’ve already been infected on my way here.” He stepped in and walked through to the living room. “You have a lovely place.”
“I know that, but with the way Mother is talking you’d think we’d already been married for two years and have been depriving her of grandchildren out of spite. Probably doesn’t help Father has his five year old son and Grandfather Zachariah has his nine year old daughter. She thinks it’s absolutely ghastly.”
“I know it’s not ideal. I should’ve done this sooner, but all I can do right now is end it and apologize. I’m sorry for keeping you attached for so long. I should’ve let you go.”
back onto the shelf. “You were really adamant before that you wanted to fight it, but then you stopped. I’m don’t know what you want to do.”
They shuffled through the lobby to the elevator. He pushed the button several times as April nodded it off against this shoulder. Curse Gabriel and his alcohol cart. The visit wasn’t worth it, as Gabriel spent the whole time dropping hints to him to break up with April, she none the wiser. He wished they hadn’t caught Gabriel’s eye as they left the theater.
He zoned out their trip back to the apartment and fell into bed displaced. Maybe there was more to Castiel Novak than he thought.
He smiled. Anxiety was a bitch, but he could be stronger than it, at least for tonight. Greasy pizza and a comfort movie was what he needed.
Gabriel sighed and tugged him towards the hallway. “Dad had me off out doing some overseas business. I got swamped trying to keep up and honestly forgot it had been months since I’d contacted you. In this case, the only explanation is that I suck. You could have contacted me, though. My Toronto office would have forwarded any message to me. Here I thought you were so wrapped up with the superstore and your lady you forgot. Though based on tonight, I’d say you were only wrapped up in the superstore and not your lady. What gives with April? Every time I saw you two you looked happy.”
The last official day was on Friday. Several past customers came in just to say good-bye. People who came in for the discount offered their condolences. Kevin and Krissy handled the purchases while Dean and Bobby packed. Not all of the inventory sold, he expected it, but there was no reason to keep the store open past the end of the month for a couple dozen books. He’d donate them somewhere, he wasn’t quite sure yet.
Castiel dug the bottom of his palm into his eyes and rubbed the stiff sleep out. He shouldn’t have worked so late last night, but at least this time he got some sleep.  Then again, he was up before dawn - did it really matter? The wall clock ticked each second as it passed. He pushed his papers to the side and dragged his way to the kitchen. Honey snored on the floor — the thump of her tail kept time. Bleary green 5:34 blinked from the microwave. He started the coffee maker and yawned. It was going to be a two cup morning minimum. He opened the fridge and pushed aside old takeout and condiment bottles. No luck. Maybe he could pick something up on his way into work. The steadying drip-drip of the coffee maker drilled against his thoughts. Everything was on schedule  — maybe a tad over budget but still within the limits of the just-in-case money put aside — but he could be proud of the work he’d put into Milton Books. He grabbed a mug from the counter and poured his first cup of the day. The shower rained from the other side of the wall — a staccatoed pitter-patter shifted as April undoubtedly moved to grab at the toiletries bag she “accidently” left last time she stayed the night.
He turned to his mother. While father’s praise was just as nice, he knew he only passed if she approved. “And you, Mother?”
She brightened. “You’ll love it. We have a huge tree and a roaring fire. So much food you’ll burst. Our gift exchange is pretty hilarious.”
Cas nods. He does. It's how he's ended up here in Palo Alto and the laundry mat. Heretical betas and all that. Freedom was a mattress on the floor of an apartment shared with three other betas and an alpha couple.
“I wanna say not bad, but like, my whole work experience is distorted by the store. Before I was in charge, my mom was. After that, my employees either had work for my mom so I knew them or they were my own hires. I think I’ll do fine, but I won’t have as many options when I’m lower on the hierarchy. Who knows, maybe I’ll score a management position or something and then I’ll have at least some authority.” Dean sipped his coffee and sighed. “Actually, that makes me sound like a hot head who can’t work with others. I’m sure I’ll be fine. What about you? How’s the superstore going along?”
ImpalaGuy: honestly, i’m more surprised you are you seem like the kind of responsible adult to pack it up after old lame zine
“Honestly, no. You’ve got a lot of hang-ups, Castiel. No sex, no moving-in — at least permanently — and now are you even thinking of a future with me? Or are you going to string me along?”
“The store’s important to you. It’s your connection to Mom. And if you need to hear it from me, it’s okay you’re closing the store. I’m not gonna hold it against you.”
Dean blushes as he separates by color. "Yeah, listening to something new." He starts the tap on the other soak sink. "Thought I'd branch out from knot rock." He snorts. "It's what I grew up on and I've never really looked out at what's beyond there, ya know?"
Heavy rain splashes against the large front windows of the laundromat. Cas is behind the counter flipping through an Alpha Weekly left behind by a patron. Dean’s wedged on the window ledge patching a sweater for Claire, one of the regulars.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “Listen, the last month has sucked, but we’re still here. We’re still going strong. Maybe not as well as this time last year, but we’re not in a dangerous spot yet.”
“Yeah, little steps. Nothing, like, over the top. And only a couple of times. It’s not like we don’t know each other. We get to skip the whole ‘getting to know you’ phase.”
My first pair of socks are finished. You should be proud, they don’t look that bad at all. My tension was all over the place and there are a couple holes here and there, but they do the job. My brother and roommate are already begging me to make them a pair. They’ll get there’s once I make myself more. They’re cozy as fuck
I picked out some yarn today and thought of you. The sales associate was very kind when she asked what my wife sent me to get her.
Mostly what was left was the memories. By the counter, he remembered dancing with his Mom to the Beatles. Or where the reading nook was, he read there on the weekends solving mysteries with the Hardy Boys. Him and Sam would swap books and hold impromptu book clubs with other kids as their parents talked with his Mom or bought books. Sam always the chatterbox, but he warmed up as he got older and more involved. As they grew older, both boys helped around the shop — sweeping the floor or straightening the shelves. By the time he was sixteen he worked during the summer on the counter or the floor wherever or whenever he could help.
“No not at all.” He walked up to him and laid a hand on in Honey’s fur. “She’ll love anyone who gives her treats.”
“It’s easy for you to say,” Castiel turned abruptly and stared hard at the other angel. “Your intended mate isn’t a human!”
With that, Dean nodded, and the angels touched hands to shoulders and Team Free Will vanished as though they had never been there in the first place.
“Christo!” Sam yelled out from down the alley and the trio jerked their heads, growling as their eyes turned black.
Yet, he felt somehow more compelled, more drawn to those topside who’d decided to call him a part of their messed-up family.
Moments later, something shifted, and a feeling of realization overcame Castiel. Sam had not been trying to attack Dean in any way. They were simply going for the same door and their hands touched abruptly. Castiel’s instincts had taken over. Instincts that were in overdrive because of what was going on.
"I don't blame you," Jamie shrugged. "It's a hard thing to deal with. How do you think I survived in a small backwoods town for so long? Eventually times changed, less people cared, and I cared less about those that still did."
"You're going to be fine you know why," Future Dean said to her. "Because you've got Papa and me taking care of you. Uncle Sammy and Uncle Gabe they're here too. You're not going to be alone, not tonight, not any night. We're not going to leave you."
Titan growled, shifting into his hound form, and trying to transport himself to Heaven. Moments later, the hound was propelled back down to the ground, unwillingly shifting back into a human, and he hit it hard, feeling his power take a significant hit as well. Meg rushed over to him as quickly as she could in her current pregnant state and took him by the arm, trying to talk to him.
“Oh, I’ve been well,” Delilah looked over at the man beside her and a playful smile came over her. “We all have. Excited as ever for today.”
“Well,” he faced her and shifted into his hound form. His yellow hound eyes going white with power once the transformation was complete.
“I don’t…understand.” Ezra remarked, looking back up at the sky and the flaming fireballs that just kept coming and coming.
"Like a well-seasoned hunter who somehow got his ass handed to him," Dean commented and begun to rifle through the plastic bags on the table.
Dean stood, hands in his pockets. He looked over at his daughter. Here she had put him through his future and hell combined and she was insistent on him seeing more? Dean had been hoping to reach the end from the beginning. It had been his goal all along, to wake up, to go home. But now that he stood so close, he still felt so far away. He felt like if he didn't see what she wanted to show him now, he'd feel incomplete. He finally sighed and nodded in response.
“Okay Uncle Dean,” Sarah nodded, expressing her frustration. “Can we go soon? I don’t want the good candy to be gone!”
Dean watched as Future Dean instructed his daughter on the gas pedal and the brake and how to put the Impala into drive. His daughter did so flawlessly and started off down the street. Holly flew Dean and her into the back seat of the Impala. It felt weird, sitting in the back of his car. There was a special car seat in the middle for Future Dean's son. His daughter was doing great so far from what Dean could gather. Future him seemed a bit nervous, but otherwise he was doing well with the fact that his daughter was driving his precious Baby. They went all around the neighborhood. His daughter did flawlessly, but when they were almost right in front of the house she hit a bump and the trunk popped open a bit giving a warning signal. His daughter pulled over and Holly zapped her and Dean out of the back seat of the car.
Crowley blew air out of his cheeks and widened his eyes at just the thought of two extra Winchesters roaming around.
"Nothing worth doing is easy," Sam looked over at Dean. "I know you're scared, Dean. I know dad messed us up in a lot of ways, but I'm your brother. You can tell me anything and I'll love you no matter what."
His Heaven changed. Daily. He could make it anything he wanted it to be, day in and day out the happiest memories of his life, and yet, he always felt as though there would be an end. Something to shock him back to reality. Some monster lurking around a corner that he'd have to kill, but it never came. Honestly, it was the best thing that could have ever happened to him.
People had run screaming from the haunted house, covered in what they had originally believed to be fake blood, and had sorely been mistaken. Ron had pushed Kevin and Adam in the direction of the exit, promising them that he would catch up, and ran off deeper into the twisted maze to try and find the source of the chaos.
Dean looked around at the mention of Sam's name and found him on the edge of the woods, watching carefully with a few other guests, and smiling and waving at Garth.
“It’s a fever,” Sam explained. “It’s due to him fighting off whatever sickness he’s come down with. I can bring it down. I just need to give him medicine. Knowing Dean, he went through the whole hunt feeling like this. Probably why he was dragging ass the whole time. I can’t believe I didn’t notice.”
“I’m working on it,” Dean side eyed the chick in the red white and blue bikini. Star tassels hung from her boobs.
Castiel stood mere feet from him, awaiting any other instructions or words the boys had for him. Sam thanked him, patting his shoulder, and walking past Dean. Whilst he did, he nudged Dean in the side, egging him on to speak to Castiel. Sam shut the door to the bunker hard and Dean saw Castiel jump ever so slightly.
The United States seemed to be the center point of all the recent activity. Four major cities had taken a hit so far, blipping in red on the map, and Sioux Falls had been the first. Castiel sighed and rubbed at the back of his neck, carefully watching his Angel Council that surrounded him chat among themselves and offer tidbits of information here and there about what they believed it to be.
"Yeah," Sam nodded. "I'll come. I just really need to get started on this hunt. Already down twenty people in the town because of this thing."
“Dean you know how many times I swore the same thing to myself after Jess?” Sam said. “Too many. Too many that I never allowed myself to even try, despite knowing it wasn’t ever possible with our lives.”
"It's not," LeSalle shook his head. "It's a fight every day, even when it looks easy. I learned long ago though, that if I was gonna make it in life I had ta fight for the things I love."
The man thrust her forward, but still kept a hold on her arm. The surrounding area stopped shaking and the man started to chuckled at the sight of Tess basically wanting to piss her pants.
The figures were back, both holding something that looked similar to them in their arms. The glowing little things resembled babies. Dean couldn’t help, but stare. It was strange, seeing these alien-like things acting so simple. So much like humans.
"You were so happy that day," Cathalsis playfully shook his head. "I hadn't seen that emotion from you, practically ever. Not since you and your sister were born."
Jack felt a wave of slight nausea overtake him. He swallowed hard and leaned his head in the direction of his bedroom door.
Meg smiled back, patting the other side of the bed, and Titan walked over, settling in beside his girlfriend and giving Meg’s stomach a soft, caring look before reaching out his hand to move the hair from Meg’s eyes.
Ezra could tell Adam was trying to make a joke, but it fell short. He could feel the embarrassment, the shame coming off of the human in waves. The mental torture Adam had undergone would have been enough to kill any ordinary man.
He’d always loved forests. It was strange, still feeling that way even after his mother had been slaughtered in one. He could practically feel the dirt vibrating underneath him with phantom footsteps of her killer, taking one final swing at her before sinking it’s teeth into her neck and swiftly slashing through her organs as she screamed and choked on her own blood.
"No," Claire shot back, not realizing her tone at first, but Dean let her continue. "I mean like, why is happiness fleeting sometimes?"
"Believe me," Sam smirked. "I haven't forgotten. Now, I do believe I saw Castiel walk off somewhere in that direction."
"Dean, a little help here?!" Sam yelled and Dean, painfully, reached his lighter and tossed it to Sam. Sam made a beeline for the doll and successfully grabbed it, sliding over to it as if he were sliding into home plate. Sam lit the doll's hair on fire and the ghost girl shrieked again, but this time she disappeared into a plume of smoke and fire.
Bobby stood, immediately waltzing into the other room, and coming over to young Dean's side. Dean was covered by a warm blanket, he shivered, and his face was quite pale. Bobby paused only upon hearing a flap of wings behind him.
“You know what they taught me in med school before those ghouls came and ate me?” Adam continued. “They told us never to give up on a patient. Sam and Dean’s kids, the world, this cause. It’s all our patient and I want to feel like I’ve done all I can to save it.”
The Garden of Eden was hardly anything to write home about any longer. Most of the plants had either shriveled up and died or were well on their way. What was once a seemingly long beautiful walk to the other parts of Heaven, the parts the souls were kept in, was now a short tearful one. Castiel and Cathalsis sat upon an iron bench, often used by the gatekeeper to the garden to keep watch.
Ron glared, catching his knife by the Grim Reaper shaped hilt, and then slowly sheathing it in his belt.
“You don’t look like you’re having much fun,” the boy concluded and shook his head. He leaned up against the other pole to the swing set. “Does this happen all the time?”
“I must go.” Castiel stated and abruptly got up from the bed, leaving the room without a second glance back.
Castiel sighed, wanting to say something else in defense of keeping the secret, but the words wouldn’t come.
Once the dust had settled, Dean and Sam stared, wide eyed, at their significant others laying in the holes.
“Alright then,” Dean nodded. “Gabriel, conjure up a suit for the man, please. Make it three actually.”
“The Hell Children and their monsters,” Gabriel explained. “They took the bunker, I’m sure just as Chuck wanted. We can’t go back, at least not right now.”
She’d pictured so many things for herself, yet there was still something she couldn’t bring forth in her mind.
The woods were suddenly awash and afire with light and Adam Milligan slowed down his pace to a gentle jog before he stopped running entirely.
“The vic was last seen here before he went black eyes,” Dean explained. “I figured we’d start here.”
The song suddenly changed, and the young werewolf girls gave an exalted shriek. Gertie and her friend ran over to where Dean and Castiel sat and tugged on their hands.
“First of all,” Dean sputtered. “You know what, I’m gonna leave that one alone. Second, this dude is a monster, and you could have been killed! That’s why!”
The dark-haired man smirked, reaching his hand out to cup Dean’s cheek, and he bared his teeth in a smile instead. Dean returned a similar smile.
"I guess he was mad at me about something," Dean rolled his eyes. "Who knows that time. Either way, I found things to do. When I wasn't helping them with the paper trail related to the hunt, I was off having a good time at that bar…"
Claire laughs. She grabs her laundry basket and heads towards the door. As she hip checks the door she mouths “ask him out.”
“Yeah, but almost everyone I e-mail is in this room. So the probability it’s not him is pretty slim.”
He dropped the spoon and hugged her. “That’s great. I’m so happy for you guys. You’ve known each other for so long. It’s gonna be great, I know it.”
He sighed and gripped her shoulders. “When I started dating you, the work on the store was just getting underway. I’ve spent so much time on the store, I don’t think I know you well enough like I should. Going into the new year, I want to get to know you better.” He dropped his hand down to hers and squeezed. “I think we have potential, but I won’t know until I
“You’re a beast at meetings and relentless with other execs. Some of them look like they’re gonna pee their pants when you walk in.”
I actually do have some “sage words of wisdom.” The thing about business is that it’s too easy to put yourself out there as the person you are when you’re at home. Don’t show them your true self. They don’t need to know and they don’t deserve to see it anyway. It’s not personal, it’s business.
“Your shop might be cute, but it is insignificant outside of the neighborhood it resides. Milton Books can spread the love of reading and literacy farther than the warm, fuzzy feeling you provide to a handful of people.” He grabbed a napkin and stalked away.
“I think I found it,” Kevin’s voice floated, muffled. He emerged from the office with a large cardboard box, a few dents in the side. “If this isn’t the right box I have no idea what’s in here or where the right box is.”
“Yeah, but I thought you at least knew the way you acted. I thought it was deliberate, trying to make your mark in the Milton empire.”
Meg snorted. “Maybe not so much for those locals, but for the customers, sure. Cheap books and coffee make money.”
At this angle, Cas can see each individual eyelash framed around Dean’s eyes, the golden flecks by the iris. “Me too.”
