“See the gland at the base of the wing?”
“Don’t you EVER do that again! What the fuck is wrong with you?!” Steve flinched slightly at the volume and tone of his voice, but Tony was barreling ahead at full steam now, “why did you run off, what did you think would happen, Steve? Hmm? Did you think that we were going to abandon the father of our child? Did you think that we wouldn't want to keep it? And how the
a cliff hanger *scary music* im sorry (not really). well now the boys know about the Apple pie in the oven. please tell me what you think below and as usual enjoy!
“Oh, Bucky. You feel so good. Perfect, all for me. Love you, love you so much baby. Love feeling you around me.” Steve kept his pace slow and smooth even though he wanted to fuck into Bucky without any inhibitions but this was special, this was the both of them, together at last. Forever.
The three of them left the warehouse behind them and went back to the tower, after Clint detonate the explosives that he had placed throughout the building and everyone watched at the warehouse crumbled and caught on flames.
"No problem Steve."
"Nice pectorals Cap" Steve flushed his signature blush and this time Tony could see just how far it went down. When Tony saw Bruce his eyebrows furrowed together.
“where are we? This looks like a Hydra facility.” Loki didn’t answer him, but brought him to the laboratory and then further to the holding cells some of the cells had the creatures that were in the A.I.M lab where he got his wings. Steve mentally took note of everything he saw and the fact that Hydra and A.I.M were working together. Not thinking Steve almost walked into Loki when he abruptly stopped in front of a cell at the end if the hall, it was away from the others. Steve looked inside and saw nothing, but then there was movement in the shadows. Steve looked forcibly away from the movement and around the rest of the cell, there wasn’t much, just a small worn-out mattress and a toilet in the corner, the walls were cement as well as the floor there were stains that looked like blood, as well as other things Steve didn’t want to think about right now. Steve’s eyes caught on the movement again, whatever it was seemed to be waking up, and it took notice to them. The figure walked out to where they could see... Was...was that...
"Ok Steve, I'm just going to go behind you and examine the structures and feathers." Bruce calmly explained what he was doing as he walked around Steve, mindful of the section of wing that were settled on the ground.
Tony stopped as suddenly as he had started.
When he regained consciousness, his back ached like when he was 100 lbs soaking wet, with a list of diseases a mile long, including scoliosis. For a second his heart stopped. Had the vial that was thrown at him take the serum away? was he back to that frail body he hadn't had since the 1930s? A quick look at his abs told him no, So then why does his back hurt so much?
Sorry for the short chapter wanted to go into why Tony was so worried for Steve
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ok... how does one groom someone’s wings? I don’t exactly have experience in this area.”
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK! ~!!!!
"Ghost busters" Clint's voice was heard from above them.
Tony’s world shifted as he was thrown against the bed. His shins hit the bed frame and he hissed out in pain, but then Rogers’ large hand came down on the back of his neck and pushed his face into the blanket. Tony pushed his ass out further and he felt Rogers rub against him, the hot length of his erection dragged against his entrance and Tony moaned into the bedclothes. With one hand on the back of his neck and the other holding Tony’s hands behind his back Rogers hand him right where he wanted him.
Tony and Bucky nodded to each other. Bucky leaned down and scooped Steve’s limp body up into his arms bridal style. Some of her hair fell into her face, Bucky’s hands were full so Tony leaned in and pushed the hair behind her ear. Steve curled her face into Bucky’s body more even while asleep. Tony and Bucky chuckled a little and then walked together to get into the elevator and Steve to bed.
“Missed you so bad, Buck. I-I want you. Want all of ya’.” Bucky looked up at Steve and saw the pure love in his eyes. They had never gone that far before, just hands and mouths, sometimes rubbing off on each other. But, now, just the thought had Bucky aching for it. He
“Whatever is going through that thick skull of yours right now, just know that we love you; nothing will change that. I'm sorry we reacted badly, it was just a shock, I'm pretty sure if he wasn’t so worried about you Tony would be hyperventilating right now.” That got a bittersweet smile to pull at the corners of Steve’s mouth. “We need to figure out what this all means, what we are going to do and what has to happen now.”
Steve was freaking out.
“My eldest is Fenrir, I fathered 3 children with his mother. Angrboda is a giantess, but she was of the violent disposition, if you know what I mean. I was young and stupid, thinking that she loved me, which she did, but soon I fell out of my infatuation and realized the damage she had done.”
At this point Tony had been staring for a while and he was actually glad that Steve read that stupid paper, because he had his head ducked behind the page and didn’t see him. Tony’s apparent luck dried up in a second because Steve closed the paper and neatly folded it. He glanced up and caught Tony’s eye.
This chapter is really long and indulgent in some steve/tony deep talk. Enjoy!
“I found some of Rhode's old shorts and I have a sweatshirt that I stole from him that should fit you- oh! Sorry, I'll just set them here.” Steven was surprised that he hadn’t slipped and cracked his head open from how much he had jumped at Tony’s sudden appearance. Steven was sure that Tony hadn’t seen him and was just reacting to the sudden image of Steven in the shower. Steven pointedly cleans the rest of himself with spartan efficiency and gets out of the wonderful warmth, the door is closed so the steam swirls around trapped in the room with him. on the counter sits a pair of shorts and an old well-worn M.I.T sweatshirt under it sits a large plush cream towel that Steven wraps around himself protectively and just stands of a minute, feeling as the wisps of warm, moist air flood his lungs.
“What-” Tony’s confusion showed in his voice and Bucky wanted to go over and comfort him, but he had to deal with the droopy-feathered idiot in front of him first.
“I’ve got Tony, he is safe. He isn’t in the condition to be seen right now. Once you guys take down the rest of the HYDRA agents go back to the jet and wait for me.” everyone protested at once and Steve had to silence them so he could hear the one that he was actually listening for, Bruce.
“stop reading that garbage, we knew that the media would one day find out.” Steve looked up at Tony with a defeated look on his face.
When he stopped staring at his finished work he noticed how quiet Bucky was being and also saw the tense line of his shoulders, this confused him, Steve was barely coherent by the time Tony finished the backs of his wings and had been moaning the entire time. Bucky had not made a sound, good or otherwise, the entire time. Tony got off of the bed and went around to look at Bucky’s face. When he saw the reason why he wasn’t sure if he wanted to laugh or cry. Bucky had a erection like Steve had got but, he was looking at it like it would bite him, did Hydra even control this aspect of him,? Had he not felt pleasure for over 7 decades? Tony decided to change that, he knew Steve would understand.
Having thought it through he felt ok telling Tony. They had gotten closer because they talk a lot more now. Tony, he rationalized, would have to find out some time, He had to fight with the Avengers again and to do that he needed his suit to fit him. (Also, Bruce was gone again and had yelled at him before he left to get someone to groom his wings for him)
“Wh-what do you mean ‘act’?” Steve’s voice wavered.
“I need access to your entire body. You can place your hands on the sides of your body, you may find it soothing to hold the furs under you.” Steve moved his hands and buried his fingers in the odd fur below him, Loki nodded to himself and then hovered his hands about an inch from Steve’s skin. He worked from the top of Steve’s head and gradually moved down his body, the strange feeling of static tickled his skin where green mist flowed between Loki’s hands and his body.
Bucky rubs circles into Steve’s arm, he still hasn’t let go of. “There you go darling, perfect. Are you ok now?” Steve nods but he can feel the body pressed against his tremble slightly, he places a hand on the others jaw and turns his face so he can see. Sure enough there are big tears rolling down the blonde's face from his deep ocean eyes. Bucky kisses the tears away, the salty taste lingering for a while as he wipes the rest away with his thumb that is still on Steve’s jaw.
“Ok, I’m coming in.”
“I know I’m not the most experienced at this but I’m pretty sure this isn’t supposed to happen.” Steve said, trying for humor to make the situation less awkward.
Steve glanced up to take another look at the scene before him, having a little trouble with the shading of Bucky's feathers, and he catches Tony’s eye.
“I’m sure.”
“I-I want... tobeinthemiddle.”
He had the element of surprise, so many agents went down easy but it wasn’t as easy when he used up his bullets. he stooped down avoiding a punch and grabbed at the knife on his leg, and plunged it into the agent’s stomach, then he twisted the blade and pushed it down, effectively disemboweling the man before he moved in to the next, for this one he had a running start so he lifted up on his wings at the last second and kicked the agent in the chest sending them flying into the far wall with a sickening crunch. he had no time to spare, he ran on to the cell.
After Steve's wings got oiled and Tony put the stuff away, he returned to the bed and Steve pulled him onto his chest, almost laying completely on him. Steve's wings surrounded him as they always do, The smell of Steve and his warmth was his whole world. Steve would normally get cuddly after his wings got washed, but this wasn’t entirely cuddly, it was clingy. Steve held onto him like of he let go he would lose Tony forever. Tony decided to prove him wrong.
Bruce and Loki were huddled around Steve’s still unconscious body when Tony arrived in the medical bay. Bucky quickly stalked over to him and Tony hugged the worried soldier.
“the incident that resulted in the wings is confidential and S.H.I.E.L.D. has not allowed us to talk about it.”
“No Stevie, I'd never kick you out, ‘specially on your birthday,” Bucky smiled at the confusion of Steve’s face before he took a long swig out of the bottle and gave Steve the newspaper wrapped package. “Happy 21st Birthday, Punk.” Steve looked down at the package like it will bite him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Master Rogers, may I ask you what you are attempting to do?" Steve shifts the couch he has in his right arm and sets down the armchair in his left.
" He raised his voice at the end and projected it to the vent above them laughter was heard, then shuffling back through the vent. Clint was obviously up to no good in a prank war with Tony again.
“Hey. Hey, Steve. Its ok. I’m fine, in fact I liked it.” Steve’s eyes were looking wet and he was doing that thing where he turns into a kicked puppy.
“You are ready, let's get this party started, shall we?”
When Steve could see again, he got into a defensive position and watched Loki for any aggressive movements now that he had him alone. Loki looked at him like he was a stray cat scrounging in an alleyway and turned to start walking down the dim corridor.
“I am going to just check for overall injuries and maybe clean him up a bit but I will wait till we get back to medical to do anything further.” both Steve and Bucky nodded and Steve detached Tony from him so Bruce could get a better look at him. Bruce kept his face impassive as he cleaned and checked Tony over. From what he could see there was some likely fractured ribs and he didn’t even want to think of what else he would find when he did his examination back at the tower.
“yes, I completely understand. Now Captain, could you tell us your reaction to what the news articles are stating about you?”
‘Thanks’ Tony mouthed to Steve and left to the bathroom.
“Very well Ms. Romanoff.”
“So, what's the next step, Doc?” Bucky's sudden question startled Steve, he had expected Bucky to stay quiet around him like he had been.
“Morinin’ beautiful.” Steve blushed and realized that she was naked from the waste up. Bucky continued his languid strokes up and down her back, tracing his fingers down the ridge of her spine. He felt as a shiver over took her body and he grinned. “Why don’t we have some fun, doll?” Steve blushed again but allowed Bucky to manipulate her body and soon she was straddling his hips.
Tony had his natural charisma that he always oozed for the public eye, he was obviously trying to take some of the spotlight from Steve, but the moment Steve stepped into view there was an uproar, some were cheering even louder and screaming, others were booing and cursing him. There was a group that tried to run up and mob him, but the security guards stepped in and escorted them out. This did not make Steve feel any more confident about his situation, he had to physically stop himself from throwing his wings up and recoiling from the world. luckily, Nat was quick to think and grabbed his wrist and pulled him away and out of his panic, half dragging him to the chair next to Tony then, she plopped herself down on the other side of him acting as a human barrier between him and the audience, he sent her a grateful look and sat down.
Steve leaned in and licked Tony from base to tip, he took the head in his mouth and swirled his tongue around the slit tasting the salty bitter flavor that was all Tony. Above him Tony moaned in his sleep. Steve smiled around the length in his mouth and pulled off so he could trace the vein that was on the underside with his tongue. He stopped just before the head and then sucked on the frenulum. Another moan was heard from above and Steve took Tony in his hand again as he moved to his balls. Steve licked at the seam between them on Tony's sac, then he sucked them into his mouth, one after the other. Steve pulled off and kissed Tony's inner thigh before going back to his straining cock. He licked broad striped up him and took Tony's full length into his mouth.
Sorry it took so long to get this chapter out I have never written something like this before and it took a while to figure out where I wanted to go with this thanks for waiting and I hope you enjoy!
“Copy, Ironman. Hawkeye, Widow, what is your status?”
"Yes, when they first emerged last night I took scans and measurements for the file master Bruce composed when the back pain started. I deemed it a good idea to get scans and measurements regularly to see changes in them."
I wasn't exactly sure how fast to have Steve fly so I estimated but if you have a better idea or would like to suggest something that I could change it to please comment also the wings bucky has are from a Black throated blue warbler
“Yeah.” Steve’s voice was no more than a rushed exhale. He barely had time to inhale again before Tony stepped up to him and crushed their mouths together.
“Do you want to get up and go to the bedroom so I can properly groom you,” Tony wasn’t asking a question. “Come on you big loaf I can’t carry you.”
“Traitor.” Tony huffed under his breath, he reluctantly put the iron away and shut down what he was working on. “’J save everything I was working on, and begin a model of the arm from the schematics.” he turned to Bruce who lead him to the elevator. “There, are you happy now?”
Steve dropped him and the man gasped for breath at Steve’s feet. Steve reeled back his leg and kicked him right in the kidney with his steel toed combat boots. He then crouched down to be level with the man and pulled a serrated knife out of his back pocket, the man looked up at Steve in fear but he had no idea what Steve had decided to do with the knife, Steve grinned at the man and placed a knee on his chest, effectively holding him down. Once the man realized what he was doing he struggled but Steve pushed down harder and went on. He ripped the mans pants open and pulled out the man's still wet cock, he turned to watch the mans face as he sawed off his dick, the screams were music to Steve’s ears, he watched as the man jolted under him and begged to die. Steve wasn’t ready to let the man die yet but he caught whimpering and he saw that Tony was still there so he took the shield and brought it down on the guys throat, it cut right through and Steve picked up the head walking it over to the toilet and placing it in the bowl before he went to help Tony.
“He is no fun. Why don’t you come in here and I’ll show you a good time~” The other him sneered at Steve and continued flirting with Tony from his place in the cell. “Better yet, let me out and we can go wherever you want.” Tony had his back to Steve so he couldn’t see his expression but he could tell that his body language was stiff and he made no effort to look at either of them, even when he answered.
“J.A.R.V.I.S? When was the last time Tony got a substantial amount of sleep?”
“Hey Tony.”
Tony curls long, deft, fingers around Steve’s cock. Steve is so wet with precome that there is no need for slick. Tony strokes Steve is time with Steve’s movements over Tony’s body. Steve lets a high-pitched whine and then he is pushing down on Tony’s length one last time, unable to lift himself again Steve grinds his ass on Tony’s pelvis as Tony jacks Steve’s dick at an increasing rate. Steve is letting out little breathy ‘oh, oh, oh,’ noises and that is when Tony swipes his thumb over Steve’s cock head and Steve shoots off for the second time.
as usual tell me what you guys think, i love hearing your feedback and it makes me want to write so much more. i hope you enjoy!
, going where she wanted him most. His lips circled her clit and his tongue stroked her, his fingers found her hole and entered her, crooking up to find that secret spot inside of her. She felt his mouth twitch into a smile when she flinched, her legs twitching around his ears as his fingers ran over her spot. He then started licking her like his life depended on it and fucked into her with his fingers, Steve couldn’t believe the feeling, it was so consuming, her legs were shaking and she couldn’t remember her own name. Then Tony hummed.
Tony groaned at the mental image of him standing over Tony after a mission and taking his belt off to ‘reprimand’ him for endangering someone during the mission.
Steve found Tony in his garage bent over one of his many cars, music blasting over the speakers. The volume lowered when he walked in and Tony looked up from where he was working. He looked delicious, his hair messy and spiked up randomly where he had been running his hands through it, He had oil stains all over him. A particular smudge across his cheek caught Steve’s eye. There was a rag that had seen better days sticking out of his black jeans that had Steve’s mouth watering.
The other Avengers had cleared out by the time they got up a second time, but just as Steve's toast popped out of the toaster and as he started to scoop the eggs onto his plate Loki popped back into the living room. He was no longer wearing the flashy green and gold armor they had always seen him in but, a blue tunic with delicate carvings in the leather, Steve’s fingers itched for a pencil to sketch.
“Tony, maybe it's better if you let him be for a little.” her tone was soft and sad.
"Calm down I'm not going to hurt you, it's to keep your wings strapped to your back under a shirt so they don't get seen." Bruce scolded him as he untangled the harness.
Bucky watched transfixed on Steve’s ass as she walked out, once she was out of sight he jumped up and threw on a shirt and some pants before he rudely shook Tony awake and sprinted out of the room to find Steve.
“Move” he gasped out. Steve pulled out and thrust in again experimentally once and then twice, he started a rhythm that had Tony making the BEST noises. When Tony opened his eyes, he thought he had died and went to heaven, Steve’s wings were spread out, the golden undersides shone and the low light was creating a halo on the blonds hair, he looked like the best thing in the word and then some. Steve’s thrusts were starting to speed up and get more frantic. A large hand wrapped around Tony’s aching cock and in half a dozen pulls he was coming all over Steve’s hand and his stomach. Steve sped up his frantic thrusting, pushing in once, twice more, then spilled into Tony. Tony felt himself stretching further, and further, he tried to squirm away, but Steve held him there and, Oh my god! Steve was STILL coming. Once Steve had come back to himself he leaned in and kissed Tony then tried to pull away, causing both men to let out a pained noise.
.” Steve’s tone made Bucky hesitate for a second but this stubborn matched Steve’s in kind so he flipped over the paper and stared at the image on it. Shit.
“Honey, Tony would do anything to make you happy, if you want to find your friend Tony will do anything and everything he can to find him. The only reason why I am not ripping your head off your body so you watch me as I castrate you for making Tony sad is because I know that you would do the same for him.” Steve shuddered at her words and that made her smile.
There was a whole section dedicated to the Avengers merchandise and Steve found herself pulled to it. Obviously, there was no shirts with Bucky on them but she felt bad just getting Iron Man stuff, She decided that when she got home she would make it up to him.
“There we go, now to work on the communicator.”
“Jarvis turn it off,” Tony already had his phone out and was pacing as he typed on it, so fast his thumbs were a blur.
“I know you are like 100 years old, but you shouldn’t be falling when you make sandwiches, and you are clearly hurting!” Tony gestured to where Steven’s fingers had cracked the marble counter where he was clutching it out if pain. “I know you won’t go to medical, at least come to the penthouse with me so I can make sure you don't concuss yourself with a jar of mayo next time, ok?” Steven knew that Tony wouldn’t let this go and he was honestly worried about what might happen if Rogers came back and Tony was here so he nodded and followed Tony to the elevator, he felt a warm sensation in his ass and he prayed that is was only Rogers’ cum and not blood, from the way he hurt though it seemed not likely.
Steve held Tony while he whispered to him about how amazing he was and how much he loved him. Soon Tony tired himself out and Steve carried them to bed.
When Bucky came back to himself Steve was still between his thighs and was licking at the bite mark on Bucky’ s shoulder
When Steve wakes up he is in Tony and Bruce's shared lab, he is laid on his back on a gurney on Bruce's side. He gets up and walks over to where he can hear Tony pattering around on his side. When he sees tony he is standing in front of a control panel and typing on it so fast his fingers are a blur, Steve also sees that the other him is pacing around in the Hulk cage and watching Tony like he is a raw steak and him the hungry wolf. His eyes flick up and he winks at Steve before he goes back to pacing and watching Tony work. The slight pause of the other him must have caught Tony’s attention because he looks up and turns around to look at Steve
The flash had awoken Bucky and he came bounding over to the bed, nearly tripping Bruce as he pushed him out of the way to get to Steve. He took one look and turned around to face Loki, Steve was confused, Bucky had his murder face on like he did when he was the soldier. He attacked Loki, Steve lunged forward in the bed but got light headed and fell back into the bed where Bruce was getting up and looking over him.
“What is it Natalia?” Bucky stayed where he was reading a book on his couch as she exited her hiding place in the shadows.
Thor loved him. Thor always had loved him, but the brute was unnecessary clingy after Loki explained what happened to him in the void and the mind control that forced him to lead the attack on New York.
готовы соблюдать: ready to comply
An evil grin crossed Steve’s face and she quickly got up and riffled through Bucky’s shirts until she found a rather large one and changing into that one while dropping her pants leaving the shirt to fall almost all the way down her thighs covering the boxers, she climbed back onto the bed and quickly straddled Bucky’s waist.
“Fenrir is a large black wolf, he has the softest fur. I only remember him as a small pup before Odin gave him to the gods, it was prophesied that Fenrir would kill Odin, but the gods did not want to spill his ‘vile blood’ as they called it on sacred ground. Instead, they placed a sword in his mouth to keep him from biting and locked him in the tomb of ancient warriors. I can hear the echoes of his wounded howl sometimes in my dreams.” Loki glanced down and found Steve silently crying, his tears leaving a wet spot on his shirt.
"Ok, I'll go talk to him. AND I won't tell him anything." Bruce added when Steve's breath hitched.
God, what did he get himself into this time?
“shit.” Steve looked down the front of her pants contemplating waking someone up for help but figured that neither Tony or Bucky would be any use for this situation and the only females in the tower were Natasha and possibly Pepper, the former Steve was pretty sure was going to maul her when she found out what happened and the latter was always so busy.
They got out and walked into a large pink building called Victoria’s Secret. If the explosion of pink and everything lacy didn’t tell Steve what they were getting here then the half-naked women posted all around the store did.
"Can you show me the camera feed on my back?" Jarvis didn't verbally reply, instead, a screen popped up in front of him with his back in it. First, he tried experimenting with flexing his muscles nothing much moved that shouldn't have. Maybe it was just the inflammation and his sleep clouded mind, He allowed his shoulders to relax which he had been unconsciously holding close to his body since he woke, he quickly tensed again when his back looked like it - fluttered? Is that the word for it? His heart was in his throat. What happened to him? Is he going to die? Bruce hadn't been able to get results from the remains of his suit on what the compound was, was he going to turn into one of those...those things in the lab?
When they arrived the driver and a few other employees were almost finished unloading the car which was full of many, many bags. Nat and Pepper were standing by the door which was slightly open and whispering to each other as the employees moved around them and took the bags from the car. (quite a few were striped hot pink and this intrigued both of the boys, Tony perhaps more because he actually knew where they were from.)
"I'm on it Captain" the robotic voice hovering above him came from the speakers on the mark 38. A piercing high pitched whine from the repulsors caught the Captain's ears and then the two drones that were about to attack while his back was turned were disintegrated. Meanwhile he threw his shield, it ricocheted off the last three drones and came back to him.
"Put the vials down and back away" his voice echoed through the lab. The scientist stiffened and turned to look at the Captain.
“Well, let's find out.” Steve countered with that shit eating grin of his.
the borrowed sports bra: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=images&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjMobm6moziAhUGTd8KHbCYDlAQjRx6BAgBEAU&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2FZensah-Super-Sports-Bralette-Athletic%2Fdp%2FB014W9FXG0&psig=AOvVaw1RJIXA2S-0ampL0bErsazO&ust=1557414097652805
After a long day at the docks Bucky made his way home to the small apartment he and Steve shared.
“wanted to thank you for yesterday.” Steve’s voice was wrecked. Tony took his right hand off on his shoulder and put it under the covers to hold onto the blond’s hair as the spit slick shaft filled his mouth. Tony's fingers tightened in his hair, he was letting out little whines as he rocked his hips up into Steve’s mouth. Steve held down Tony’s hips and pulled off slowly before sliding back onto him. The taste of pre-cum filled his mouth again, he worked to take all of Tony into his mouth. Tony scratched at Steve's scalp and Steve hummed again. He worked his throat around Tony, His nose was pressed into the coarse hairs at the base of Tony's dick. He was so overwhelmed by Tony, he was everywhere, in him, around him, the deep musk that was nothing but Tony filled his nose as he struggled to breathe around the length in his mouth. Steve swallowed and then bobbed his head, he felt the head hit the back of his throat over and over. Steve had never been so glad that the serum took away his gag reflex and he could now hold his breath for 30 minutes. He used that to his advantage and deep throated Tony over and over. When he pulled up, he licked and sucked at the head, then he let his teeth lightly scratch as he went down on Tony again.
On the way down to Steve’s floor Tony's mind is racing 10x faster than it normally is. He kind of knows what to expect, From what he can deduce Steve has extra appendages growing out of his back, but they can’t be that major if he could hide them under his shirts (in his panic Tony had forgotten about the 20ft comments from the jet he overheard). his stomach is in knots when he finally arrives and knocks on Steve’s door.
"Since you can’t reach I can groom the backs." Steve pondered that and then agreed.
“OK, now you can strip.”
Fuck.
“God, I hate those things.” Natasha said as she stretched and did some impressive gymnastic moves. “They are so confining, i think i would die faster from not being able to move than anything that it could protect me from.” Steve nodded his head and then heard a noise within the building. He highly doubted that any of the others heard it, he found that his enhanced senses gave him an edge over even Thor.
"So, in theory they will continue to grow and I could fly with them at one point?"
"Is something wrong Brucie-bear?"
“interesting, “Bruce was in full mad scientist mode at this point. “I wonder if it is because the first bracelet was put on you Tony, and because you don't have wings the opposite gender wouldn’t as well. Perhaps we should try the bracelet with Bucky to see if Steve will have wings in this body.” Tony patted Bruce’s shoulder.
“Go ahead and talk while you still can, I have a feeling later you won't be as lippy with me.” with a grin Rogers pulled away from the wall and walked them to the guest room. He set Tony down rather gently but the second Tony regained his stance Rogers had a hand wrapped around his throat, it wasn’t cutting off his air, and it wouldn’t likely leave a bruise, rater it was a physical way to remind Tony that Rogers was in charge.
“No, sir. all systems are fully operational.”
“If I let you go will you actually get some rest or are you going to sneak down to the lab and work until I come and drag you to bed?” Tony could tell that Bucky was in full mother hen mode and he wouldn’t hear the end of it if he went to the lab, Tony ducked his head and didn’t answer. “That's what I thought, go sit on the couch while Steve gets cleaned up and then we will all go back together.” Tony nodded and made his way to the couch where Steve was sitting with his head down and back straight, Bucky trailed after Tony and as Tony sat Bucky stopped in front of where Steve was sitting.
“So, he has to change into a female for his body to ovulate and then when it is over the serum can no longer cause him to be comatose in his ale form?” Bruce was fiddling with his glasses and had the gleam in his eye that he got when one of his experiments did something extremely interesting.
“She won’t fit mine.” Natasha face palmed and went looking in the dresser.
After a few moments they parted and Tony grabbed Steve’s hand, pulling him to the couch and pushing him down so he was sitting while Tony remained standing. Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and started to pace again. Bucky sat next to Steve on the couch and slung a wing around his back to comfort him. Steve knew what was going to happen, Bucky knew it too and he wanted Steve to be able to hear Tony, not just be yelled at when he finally burst.
Steve’s mind was swirling with everything, he didn’t notice Bucky flying up and landing next to him until a dark wing grazed his back in an effort to comfort the now trembling man, who looked a second away from tipping off the ledge of the small beam.
“I guess I can carry at least your weight while flying.” Steve told him with a grin still on his face.
“I love you.” Steve said as he threaded his fingers through Tony’s hair and traced his ear.
"He doesn't have to be here, he can talk through Jarvis, like when he's on a trip?" There was a moment of silence and a broken 'yes' could be heard from the winged man.
for every kudo Steve and Tony kiss in Endgame
The whole team was eating lunch in the common floors kitchen when the assemble alarm went off. Steve stood up immediately took charge.
“About last night…” Steve was pushed up against Tony from shoulder to hip, he was drawing still, body bent over the page while he worked and pointedly didn’t look up to make eye contact with Tony. Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulder and pulled him closer, Steve was surprised by the sudden movement and his wings flipped up to steady himself and he curled over his page in embarrassment, but he allowed the touch.
He should contact Bruce like he was supposed to if it got worse, but Bruce was halfway around the world working with patients in the jungle somewhere without a phone so that option was out. He finally decided to try to ride it out, if anything happens Jarvis will contact the others. Just to be safe he tells Jarvis to contact the team if he passes out or something of the like and gets up to look at his back.
“Yeah I did. I know you’ll love it, now open it.” Steve pulled the paper away to show a brand-new sketchbook and a set of pencils. Steve took a shocked inhale of air and picked up the book, flipping through the blank pages and feeling them with those long fingers of his, Bucky took another swallow of the whiskey to force his focus away from Steve’s hands.
“You look like Shit.”
Tony and Steve stared at each other for a while before Tony jumped off of Steve like he was burned and got in the elevator, Steve let him go. He needed some time to gather himself and he assumed that that is want Tony needed as well.
“I couldn’t do it without you, you are so much better that what you give yourself credit for, Tony. You are one hundred times nicer and kinder than you let anyone see, you are a brilliant man, so much more that Howard ever was.” Tony flinched at Howard's name, Steve knew that his friend hadn’t had the best dad in the world, and Steve would do anything if he could just go back in time and sock him right in the mouth.Tony smiled at Steve, that self-deprecating look that said that he was nothing and that Steve is ‘too good’ for him.
When Tony exited the elevator, Steve was standing in his living room looking like a kicked puppy. Tony, too tired for anything, just waited for Steve to speak first.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve reached behind herself and took Tony in her hand, then in one smooth movement she took him fully until she sat flush with his hips.
“you know, I thought the wings were crazy, but with you shrunk you look like a freaking fairy!” Tony told Steve as he walked into the tower. “we should get you some clothes.” he spoke as he walked, and set Steve down on the counter. He poked at Steve’s tiny stomach and Steve glared at him and covered his stomach protectively. “some doll clothes should work, I think.” Steve tried to speak, but because of his size all Tony heard were a series of squeaks.
“So, what can science tell us so far?" Tony didn't let him answer, and just kept talking. "Given the look on your face and the fact that Loki looks like he is making a sacrifice to the sun god over there I don’t think it's much.” Tony jabbed a thumb over his shoulder at Loki, he was now sitting in a sigil painted circle with the crystal bowl in his lap and books floating around him with green mist keeping them aloft while he read at superhuman speeds.
He is confused for a second but then he realizes, Steve is going to Ride him.
to be close to Steve, to have him inside. god, yes.
“I'm not going to disagree with that point, but the other one couldn’t be farther from the truth, Tony needs you Steve. I had to carry him to bed because he fell asleep on the couch crying for you, he thought you were hurt or brainwashed by Loki, and you didn’t want him anymore.” Steve looked up at her stunned by what she was saying. “he loves you Steve, it hurts him to see you hurt, he didn’t know what happened to you, and the way you ran away from him...”
"Nothing to worry about Tony just getting checked out, better safe than sorry." Steve interjected before the doctor could answer.
“Hey Tony...” Steve trailed off, not sure what to say to the man that he loved and had ditched for the better part of the week not even thinking about how that made Tony feel. Steve knew that Tony had anxiety and issues With his self-worth to the people who he loved and that made him feel even worse, he felt no better than those Hydra fucks who used Bucky for their own gain and then wiped and froze him when they were finished, “um, I was wondering if I could get your help... with Bucky's wings. You see he needs them groomed and I can’t do mine, so I don’t exactly know what to do, so I thought that maybe you could do it or show me how if you don’t want to and then I realized that I have been neglecting you since Bucky came back and I'm sorry Tony, so, so sorry that I let myself forget about you, you are so important to me and if you’ll still have me I would like to talk with you after and maybe, I don’t know... Cuddle on the couch with my Boyfriend? I really miss you.” Steve’s rambling caught Tony off guard. Normally it was him who would burst out with random thoughts, he blinked at Steve for a moment and could see him visibly deflating, his wings that were pulled tight to his body with fear and guilt began to sag to the floor.
‘CAPTAIN AMERICA- HERO OR MUTANT?’ Tony walks over and takes the paper out of Steve’s hands.
trigger warning there is brief talk about the sexual abuse Bucky experienced from HYDRA but it is only mentioned once and never actually talks about what happend, it you are triggered by this please be careful. I am not sure but it is also likely that I will go into detail about Bucky's time with HYDRA later on in the story. please be safe and I hope you enjoy!
“what is it big guy? Tell me what you want.” Tony swirled his hips again and Steve couldn’t reply. “Do you want me to ride you? Bounce myself on your huge cock until I cum, then take your big knot, have it plug me up while you pump me full of your cum.”
“And this is the hard part,” Pepper and Nat shared a look and pulled off Steve’s shirt and looked up and down her body before she could cover herself with her hands.
“Right again. All magic comes with a price, this specific one happens to take the effects from Tony and put them in you. With that serum of yours it shouldn’t be fatal.”
“Oh, I know Steve. I just wish I could do something, I'm going crazy not being able to help you.” Steve gave Tony a sad smile and kissed Tony's burn on hand. “Thanks, We better head up to bed it's getting late.”
“Come here, lay over my lap. You are not allowed to get any friction during your punishment, do you understand?”
“You can leave any time you want, I am not holding you here. You know that. I just want to understand where this is coming from, Why are you being so quiet and listening to me. hell, you literally got yourself frozen just to fuck with HYDRA in the future, you are not someone to follow orders Steve, why are you now?” Bucky crouched down and placed his hand on Steve’s thigh, he looked up and caught those watery blue eyes and rubbed a thumb comfortingly over the back of his hand. “What changed? And don’t even give me that ‘I hurt Tony’ BS, i know you feel bad about that, but this started before Tony got hurt.” Steve shuffled for a while before finally giving in, he knew that Bucky wouldn’t let this go, and in all actuality, Steve couldn’t let this go either. It affected all of them.
“See, that's not so bad now, is it.” Tony’s face had that smug look on it that Steve hated, but the look of his abused red lips and the gleam saliva on his chin in the low light was distraction enough from the expression and he clenched his muscles experimentally around Tony’s fingers. Tony grinned to himself and curled his forefinger in a come-hither action and a wave of pure pleasure shot through Steve’s body. It felt like electricity through his spine and his dick jumped at its place against his abs as it steadily leaked precome into the muscular dips of Steve’s stomach. Tony bent over and licked up the mess before he pulled his fingers out of Steve.
“punk.”
Steve looked beautiful, Bucky’s large shirt hung off of her smaller frame and she had her long legs tucked under herself as she read the book in her hands.
The radio was softly playing in the background and that little crease between his eyebrows meant that he was so absorbed in his art that he hadn’t noticed Bucky was home yet. Bucky leaned against the wall and watched for a while as Steve sketched.
Next, he attempted to move them, it took a little bit to get a hang of it but with a loud "thwap!" They fully spread showing him the undersides in the dim light of his bathroom.
“It's no problem, don’t want you it fall and can't get up.” Tony chuckled and Steven didn’t understand but guessed that it was another reference that he didn’t understand.
so i have been getting a lot of people saying that they don't like the gender changes, and i was questioning if i should go back and take that part out of the story. i would try to change as little as possible, just take the gender changes out and make it still readable and continuous with the plot. please tell me what you guys think.
“Actually, I haven’t tried yet.” Steve answered.
“I'm fine, Not hurt in anyway. Now, I will show you because I know that you don’t believe me, but calm down and let me do it so you don’t rip my shirt. Okay, honey?” Steve released Tony’s wrists from where he was holding them and put a hand on the side of his face to tip it up, he looked into those warm brown eyes and rubbed his thumb over Tony’s cheekbone. Tony gave Steve a watery smile and nodded once, Steve smiled back and kissed his nose before he let go to take off his shirt. Tony’s eyes raked down his chest and then he traced the path with his hands, he stopped at one of the harness straps and pulled it away from Steve’s skin then looked at Steve pleadingly.
Thanks and I hope you enjoy!
“Goodnight Sir, sleep well.”
“Steve!” Steve jerked back at the sudden exclamation but at the look of wonder and curiosity on Tony’s face he calmed. “You don’t have wings!”
"Damnit"
Steve woke up before Tony again. He turned over to look at him, his weight shifted the bed and Tony turned over on his back but stayed dead to the world. Wait a second, he was big again! He almost woke Tony right then, but he had better a way than just shaking him awake.
Tony lays there, trying to get his brain to function again when he notices Steve start pulling his Suit off. He gets frustrated and rips, Literally fucking rips the reinforced Kevlar blend off of his body.
“I’ve never drew myself before, I wouldn’t know where to start, and I hardly think that anyone would want a picture of me,” Steve gestured to his body. Bucky made a thinking face like he was really thinking about it and then replied with that shit-eating smile of his.
“I’m guessing that you don’t have any panties under there do you?” Steve shook her head again and felt the blush burn across her face again. “I’m guessing that you'd rather spend the least amount of time fully naked so let's pick some out before you get to trying on other stuff.”
“Ok Ok. I'm up, I'll start on the communicator once I get some coffee in me," Steve gave a little chirp and pulled the wing closer around him. “and I'll look into those clothes.” with that Tony got up and went into the bathroom to do his business.
“I don’t think it’s anyone's business who I like, we should probably wait until this dies down first before stoking the fire again.”
“That’s so cool! Can you fly!” Clint blurted out into the awkward silence after a few minutes
“Steve, nothing is going to happen, we will still be here when you tell us and we won’t leave your side.” Tony held Steve’s hand as he spoke and Steve nodded in response to the others words. He knew deep down that they would never leave him. Hell, they might even be happy.
Sorry its been so long, I have finally updated and edited all the chapters, I hope you guys enjoy.
“back then I couldn’t, not like last night… I already looked the part, but they weren’t true, all those things the guys would call out at me. I didn’t do that. It wasn’t me.” Steve took a steadying breath and his wings stiffened and loosened, unable to decide what to do with himself. “‘Not sayin’ you were any worse for being that for me back then, but I couldn’t, but then I got all… Big, and then you were gone and then I was in the future and you were here but not, and-and-”
When they got back to their floor and got ready for bed Steve was pink and trying to make himself small again, Bucky and Tony both noticed, but decided to give him a chance to tell them what he was thinking about, when Steve laid down with them in bed and had still not said anything Bucky had had enough and finally poked the bear.
It was bugging him. Steve didn’t just collapse while he was making a sandwich, unless he hadn’t eaten in a while and his blood sugar got too low. It was affecting his work and he almost just soldered his gauntlet to the workbench. Tony lets out a huff and sets the soldering iron down.
Tony finished his coffee and set the mug on the table turning to look at Steve, his eyes narrowed and Steve could see as his brain worked to figure out what was wrong.
Steve pulled the hair out of his mouth and looked at it and then when he realized that it was connected to his body, he looked down…
Here is the shirt that Steve wears
“I see that you are awake and I know that you want to get out of here, but before I can let you go I need to examine you again and look over your test results.” Steve nodded to Bruce that he was okay with him getting started with the exam. First Bruce checked him over looking at the large bruise on his side and for a concussion. “You seem to be stable for now, but we need to talk about what happened.” Steve bowed his head and steeled himself for what was to happen.
Rogers sits on the edge of the bed and opens his legs enough so that there is a decent space between them.
"Jarvis when Bruce is back in the grid tell him... tell him he should see me as soon as possible."
“HEY! It’s not funny! Stevie, help me out here, you useless punk.” Soon enough all three of them dissolved into a fit of giggles, occasionally they would calm but then someone would mime one of the others or say something and the cycle would start over again.
“The girl dies and the boy moves to Florida to be a surfer,” Bucky’s mouth falls open and he is about to protest when she continues. “Now that you are done with the book go talk to him.” she stares at him expectantly until he caves and gets up from the couch, making sure that she hears what he mumbles under his breath as he leaves the room, he is followed by her laughs.
Ever since he started flying he never wanted to stop. He still had some trouble with his landings, but he was getting better. Tony had to constantly be on Steve about taking brakes and eating. He chuckled to himself, they had completely flipped, usually it was Steve who had to drag him to bed or to eat. Tony was sitting in what he claimed his corner of the training room watching Steve practice over and over. He had to admit that he was getting pretty good and 8/10 times didn’t land on his face.
Bucky doesn’t have to ask Jarvis to know where Steve is. He has been in the same place the whole time since Tony was taken. The workshop.
"R-really?"
The base they were taking down was a A.I.M lab where they were doing experiments on people trying to splice human and animal DNA, the outcomes were not pretty.
sorry Tony, I feel horrible for doing this but I have plans for the future and he needed to get the serum from HYDRA. as usual please comment below and tell me what you think about what happened and what you think I should do or might happen, thanks for reading and i hope your enjoy!
“I need you to lay across the couch so I have access to your whole body. This may take a while so I suggest that you get comfortable.” Steve moved to the couch and sat on the middle cushion before swinging his legs up and laying across it lengthwise. He wasn’t sure what to do with his hands so he folded them over his stomach, Loki tutted at him.
“I know, котенок.” the other Avengers caught her eye as they came, but she waved them away and sat Tony down on the couch. “Steve in going to be fine, Tony. He just needs some time to himself and if he doesn't come out by tomorrow I will get Clint to go through the vents and talk some sense into that stubborn skull of his.” That brought a sad smile to Tony’s face.
Still lost in his thoughts the elevator dinged to tell him it reached its destination. He walked into his penthouse and made a beeline for the large bed. He set Steve gently onto the pillow next to him and crawled under the covers, instantly he was dead to the world.
Jarvis didn't answer verbally, but a hologram popped up in front of him with the Steve's heart rate, blood pressure, temperature, breaths per minute and other various numbers on the slumbering Cap. Tony reached out a shaky hand and tapped the box with the jumping line showing the Captain's heart rate, it was slow and constant, perfect beats. His own heart nearly stopped and he jumped back when, once his fingers made contact with the projected box a steady lub-dub came through Jarvis's speakers. The sound soothed Tony's nerves and he felt for the first time in a long while, at peace. The sound filled his ears and his own crippled heart copied the beat.
“Fine, I'll take it off too.” Steve chucked and tried to sound exasperated by Tony but just ended up sounding fond and kind. He reached under his arm to unclasp the hook that kept the straps pulled tight and the leather fell from his wings, for a moment nothing moved and Tony got a dark look, then Steve’s wings slowly undulated from behind his back and pulled around Tony but not fully enclosing them, as if to say ‘see I'm fine’. Tony reached up and caressed down the golden feathers on the insides, Steve shivered at the feeling of Tony’s hands on his wings.
“Hey,” Tony brought his hands up to hold Steve’s face. “It’s ok Steve, remember how to breathe.” He took Steve’s hand and placed it over the reactor to let Steve feel his chest expand and contract. “come on, breathe with me.” Once he had Steve calmed down, he could start to figure out what was happening.
“you wouldn’t wake up, come on, it's almost 6:00 and we have to tell the team before dinner.” Steve smiled and hopped off of Bucky, making sure to swing her hips as she exited the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
His ma, bless her soul, never told him that it was impossible for a sickly Brooklyn boy (not likely to live to 18) to become an artist that made enough money to survive, mainly because to her he could do anything he set his heart to. Even when he was minutes from death, shivering under every blanket they owned (and the curtains for good measure) she talked about how he would be the most famous artist in the world.
“y-you’re li-like me,” he stumbled over the words and then promptly passed out, his wings sinking down to pool around his hips and his head pulled to the side. Steve quickly maneuvered him into the pair of pants that was at his side but left the vest and boots before he carefully folded his wings up into the harness that he had originally brought for himself, a little big on Bucky but it did its job and, in the process, he noticed that they would need to be cleaned and groomed when he got back. He arranged Bucky’s body bridal style and flew back to the tower.
“This might take a while, if you want to be here you can but you don’t have to. Steve here just needs to get something off his mind, doesn’t he?” Bucky tried to catch Steve’s eyes, but the guy was an expert at avoiding it now, from all the talking to’s he got back when Bucky would have to save his scrawny ass every day.
Fucking Jersey.
“What the Fuck are you idiots doing?” Tony went over to the coffee maker and poured himself a cup, drained it in one large gulp and whacked Clint off of the top of the fridge.
“Hey Jarvis?”
“SEE! Fuck you stark.” Tony made another lunge from Bucky’s lap, but remained where he was.
Loki returned a few minutes later with a grin on his face and two beaded bracelets in his hands. He quickly slipped one on Steve’s left arm and walked over to Tony, he held out his hand for Tony’s. Reluctantly Tony gave Loki his arm and Loki slid the cool beads onto Tony’s wrist.
They both moaned at the feeling of the others body melding with theirs. Steve is so tight and hot inside; he lets gravity help and soon Tony is bottomed out inside Steve. Steve’s inner muscles clench around Tony’s length and that is all the warning that he got before Steve is pulling almost all the way off of him, leaving only the tip in and then taking Tony fully into him again. That sets the speed for Steve as he fucks himself of Tony’s cock. His head thrown back in ecstasy and moaning as Tony's length rubs against that special place inside, just right.
- Warren
“Sorry, Tony.” he said and bit down, hard.
“Jarvis dim the lights.” the lights dimmed and the flickering candles cast weird shadows around the room. Once they rinsed off they went to bed not minding to put on more clothes and Steve fell asleep on the pillow next to Tony's head.
One hand goes to Steve’s chest and pulls at the pert nipples, the other feels the ridges of muscle as it trails to Steve’s ass, he squeezes the plump flesh before his fingers trail further down to where they are connected. Steve’s constant speed falters as Tony runs his finger over the sensitive ring of muscle.
“We should probably talk now so we can get everything out of the way before the team finds out, I'd be surprised if Tasha isn’t buying me bras and setting out nail polish that would match.” Bucky shifted minutely in his seat.
“No, just some clothes for Steve.” with that Tony walked off in search of butterfingers.
‘I have breasts. those are real breasts attached to my actual body.’ his mind helpfully supplied him (her?!) with this information.
For the next week Steven was able to keep out of Rogers’ way for the most part, there were instances where he was in the common rooms and he would catch his eye but he was soon to leave.
“Well, now we know what type you like,” pepper gathered up the rest of the panties and put them back before opening the drawer that Steve assumed had the underwear that was most like the ones she had picked out. “Nat, come here for a second…”  there was a lot of whispering and a few excited giggles before Steve saw what they had brought.
“Steve, I will be there right by your side the whole time. If you aren’t ready to tell the world about us I am completely ok with that, and if you are then so am I. Hell, if you want i'll even put it in skywriting,” Steve tilted his head into Tony’s palm and he traced his thumb over Steve’s cheekbone. “I love you and nothing will change that, no matter if the whole world knows or just us.”
tell me below what gender and name you think the baby should have. will they be Bucky's little girl or a Tony's Mini-Me?
Steve just stood there for a minute trying to figure out what just happened. he stared at the vacant spot on the floor that Bucky had just occupied, as he went over the last 20 seconds in his mind again.
“yeah.”
Bucky could feel his face drop at the mention of that bastard's name. He tried to hide it, but Steve saw it, Steve always sees. “Awe, come on Buck, I know ya don’t like him, but its good money. an' this time it's only one book for five dollars instead of the usual amount.”
When he walked into their shared apartment Steve was laid out on their old, worn couch. He was dressed in just an undershirt, pants and some suspenders to keep them on his bony frame, while he scratched his nub of a pencil across some butcher paper.
"That's not really helping me Bruce, I need more info for one thing. what did you say, and what the ever loving
“Come on! My tits are still smaller than Steve’s are now!” her exclamation brought the atmosphere back to something softer. Bucky and Steve both burst out laughing their wings going from ‘fight’ to ‘happy’, Even Loki let out a small chuckle.
Steven looked around when he awoke, he immediately saw Rogers and Tony pressed together still, even in sleep. He dressed and slipped out of the bed to use the bathroom before coming back in the room and standing for a few seconds, he didn’t know what to do but figured that standing in the dark and staring at Tony and his evil twin cuddle was probably weird.
"Yes, it would seem that Master Rogers is now in possession of a new pair of appendages." Jarvis replies vaguely. he knows that sir has hidden bugs on the jet to see what Bruce is doing. Luckily Bruce quickly understands and asks Jarvis for scans to which Jarvis happily opens. Bruce lets out a gasp.
“I’m Pregnant.”
“Now, let's get this shirt on you, I can't let you leave the house like that,” Tony ran his hands up Steve’s abs and pulled at his sensitive nipples, which got a whine out of him and his wings to open.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said as he looked from Tony to the shirt he had placed in his hands. “why would I need this for an interview?”
Bucky felt his face heat and heard Steve make a snort of victory before he walked away to their little kitchen to start making some food while Bucky picked his jaw off the floor.
“Sure.” Tony walked over to the table where Peter had all his stuff set out but when he sat, he winced.
"Indeed, Master Rogers."
Steve puts his shirt back on as Tony walks away, and turns back towards Bruce
“I know, but without him Tony is going to die.” Bucky held Steve’s gaze for a second longer and then he dropped his eyes to Tony’s still form on the bed, he then looked at Steve again and nodded.
"My calculations show that even with the growth in your wingspan, you do not have enough lift to fly with them though you could glide."
“Eww, come on Buck.” She crawled back onto the bed and shook Bucky’s shoulders. He just groaned and pawed at the air with his metal hand before letting it fall back to the bed.
“Fuck, Tony you are right.” Bucky absentmindedly said as he played with the gold elastic framing Steve’s waist.
“Steve I. Am. Fine. Ok? You are such a hypocrite, why aren’t you being fussed at too?” Tony had his arms crossed petulantly over his chest as Bruce cleaned the wound on his neck and made sure he was ok.
The archer often pranked the team, but mostly Tony, and Tony being himself, would always retaliate bigger and better, Steve had unfortunately gotten caught in the middle of their war last time and had not been happy when his hair was dyed pink for a month. They were lucky that during public events he could wear the suit with his cowl up, or their punishment would have been 100 times worse. A grin comes to his face at the memory of Tony and Clint doing all the cleaning and Anything else that the Avengers needed for 3 weeks.
"Yeah probably," Bruce concurred "Well, take off your shirt and turn around so I can see what I'm working with." When Steve did so Bruce made no sound. He turned his head to the silent scientist and saw the crease between his eyebrows.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Rogers looked over at Tony and they both shared a smile at the still sleeping Steve. Rogers circled his hips and pressed harder into Tony, who was still open and slick from last night. He reached down and took Tony’s cheeks into his hands and pulled them apart so he could rub his length between his crack and over his abused hole. Rogers ducked his head and nibbled at Tony’s neck as he continued, all the while his large hands massaged at Tony’s ass cheeks and they watched Steven sleep not 5 feet from their rutting bodies.
“Jarvis, don’t let anyone in.” he asked the A.I between sobs as the others arrived.
Rogers shifts his arm and lifts Steven’s leg so it is straight up in the air and then settles it on Tony’s shoulder and at the same time his hips move double-time, Tony thought that his already fast pace was the serums doing but it is nothing compares to the speed and strength behind him now.
Silence.
“Come in.” He heard from what sounded like the bedroom so he went inside and made his way back to the bedrooms.
the hot pink cotton panties: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=images&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwjL36zKmYziAhXOTN8KHebmB_sQjRx6BAgBEAU&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.es%2Fpin%2F328059154096075123%2F&psig=AOvVaw3IKTe43FzuAYphn1s9yvwk&ust=1557414046498572
The team finds out
“Hey Buck,” Steve’s eyes lit up at the sight of Bucky and he put his page down on the ancient table. “Is it that late already? Sorry I don’t have anything’ ready, I got another request from Mr. Williams. Five whole dollars for it!”
in this chapter Loki talks with Steve about his past, this is pretty much just me wanting to love on Loki. he talks about his kids and although I did a LOT of research on Norse mythology I did take some artistic liberty's to make it fit the story.
"Steve? Tony is here to talk to you, do you want to see him or call him?"
"I am still catching up on what has happened in the time that I was gone, so this is an issue I am unfortunately not well versed In, and I apologize if I inadvertently offended anyone in or out of the mutant community because of phrasing I have or might use in the future. Next, I would like to address the news associations that in their articles, acted like my possible being a mutant made me a villain or bad just because I happened to have wings, it disgusts me to see that free speech is being used to spew this hateful bigotry around our country. I plan on working fully with the X-men and other mutant organizations to the fullest of my ability, and with the help of Tony I am starting a charity to fund safe spaces for youth who have been abandoned by their families for who they are.”
"Anything as long as there is a lot of it." Clint answered.
“that good huh?” a single, exhausted squeak answered his question and he chuckled as he picked Steve up in his hands. “let's get you some pants and then I can work on that communicator.”
“Now, you go get some sleep. I'll wake you if Steve comes up.” she got Tony up and then helped him into bed before she went to her floor.
“I don’t know, Doc, sounds kinda fun ta’ me.” Steve didn’t even have to look over to know Bucky was smiling like he always did when he made an inappropriate joke, just waiting for Steve to flush cherry red from his ears to his toes.
“You don’t have to anymore,” Tony said in a small voice “you don’t have to hide them.”
“What are we talking J? Aliens? Evil genius? Doom?”
so what do you think, I really wanted to get more into Loki's relationships with the avengers and Steve specifically. anyway, as usual please comment and i hope you enjoy!
There is a knock at the door.
“Do you want to talk about everything now? We don’t have to though; we can just go to bed and talk about it later. We will have to talk about everything and we are going to have to tell the team at some point.” Steve nodded and took a breath before he answered Tony’s question.
There was a fog of pink mist surrounding the entire building, it was billowing out of large chimneys on the roof. Tony and Thor landed in front of the building and let their passengers down onto the grass. Tony did some scans with the suit and everyone waited with baited breath.
Tony let go of Steve and he let out a whine, but Tony shushed him and leaned over to the bedside table where he pulled out some lube. Tony did not know that Steve still had enough blood in his upper body to blush, but he did when Tony caught him looking between the lube and Tony. Tony chuckled and raised himself up on his knees, but still over Steve's thighs, he uncapped the lube and squeezed some onto his hand rubbing it between his fingers to warm it. He then put his other hand on Steve's sternum for stability and kept eye contact with Steve as he reached around his body and swirled his fingers around his rim, Steve's pupils were blown the bright blue now just slivers of color. Tony’s fingers slowly swirled around before he pushed his forefinger in up to the first knuckle and out again.
“Would you allow me to give you a ride to the roof?” Bruce smiled and walked into Thor's outstretched arms.
“So...um- yeah, I have wings now.” He stated bluntly.
"You were offline and Master Rogers asked it be kept a secret from the rest of the team. The next morning when he had... difficulty's he inquired about you, but I had no way of contacting you. I proceeded by taking scans every day to show development and growth." Jarvis pulled up the growth charts next to the others to show just how large Steve's wings had grown in 5 days time.
“Steven Grant Rogers! you are going to come here and sit your ass down on this couch immediately!” Everyone in the room stilled, even Bruce where he was working to patch up Tony, but Steve bowed his head and dejectedly walked to the couch with his tail between his legs then sat down with is back straight as a board and stared at the floor.
“I have a lock on his location, but the sensors are not able to pick up any stats.” Jarvis's normally clear tone was muddled with worry. Tony shot off to where Steve’s suit was sending a signal from. Tony landed in a group of trees there was evidence of a struggle and Steve’s shield was laying on the ground next to the suit, just the suit. Steve wasn’t in it. Was he running around naked without his shield? No, Steve would NEVER leave his shield by choice. Something happened to him. Tony's stomach twisted in his gut.
Steve reached back to trace the new appendage. He shivered when his fingers made contact it was so soft (also a little sticky from the blood and god knows what else) and sensitive.
“Mmm, smells good. What is my little housewife making me today? Eggs? Well, why don’t I give you a little treat, does that sound good?” Rogers slipped his right hand down and cupped the obvious bulge in Steven’s pants. He chuckled and Steven felt the sound through the vibrations in his chest. “Look at you, just begging for it, once you let yourself have a little taste you can't stop, can you.”
Steve was cold. He was cold, oh god he was cold. Was he on ice again? Did he sleep for another 70 years? Will all his friends be dead again? There was a rush of hot air over his back ruffling his feathers. That felt good, So warm. He turned and sat up in shock, Tony? But why was Tony so big? Steve walked over to Tony's slumbering face. He looked so peaceful. The lines that seemed permanently etched into his face were smoothed away, making him look so young. Steve surveyed his surroundings and saw that not only was Tony giant their whole room was huge. Wait, no, everything isn’t large he was small! The memory of yesterday came back to him.
He. Had. Wings.
a long chapter for you guys, its getting to the end. i'll try to finish soon but not too soon ; )
also i cannot believe i got 2,000 some words of this chapter written. please tell me what you think and everything else as usual. Thanks!
All the while Tony had J.A.R.V.I.S running scans on every CCTV camera, phone, laptop, and satellite active for any evidence of a 100-year-old supposedly dead POW who served in WWII with Tony’s boyfriend who also had wings, god his life was weird.
do you think flying off and wedging yourself in the highest part of the gym to cry is the right thing to do?” Tony took a long breath and then walked over to sit on the other side of Steve before continuing his speech, this time though, his tone changed from anger to more ambivalence than anything else.
Tony woke up for the first time in a while feeling rested. He slumped out of bed and took the elevator to the common floor so he could get his morning fix of 3 cups of coffee. Someone (Clint) stole his coffee maker again so Tony called the elevator and went to the common floor where there was always about 3 coffee makers going at the same time.
“Very well sir,” Tony could swear that he heard a hint of humor in his voice as he left the lab and took the elevator to Steve’s floor.
A long drawn out moan answered his unspoken question.
i have been working really hard to get this chapter out before my finals for you guys but because of that I most likely be able to get another chapter out or a while. I hope you have enjoyed the chapter and please leave kudos and comments they make me so happy to read!
“Definitely.”
When they reached the roof the rest of the team was already waiting in their suits, Tony glanced at Nat. “Coulson had a way of contacting him.” she answered and Tony watched as both Bucky and Steve went less defensive (though Bucky was still weary but seemed comforted by Steve and Tony’s relaxed posture) Peter pulled off his mask and crumpled it in his hand and he began almost vibrating where he stood. The clouds rumbled once more and a beam of bright light broke out, as soon as it came it left and the clouds disappear with it, leaving a large figure standing in the middle of a singed circle glyph on the roof.
“‘M’kay, I'm good.” Tony watched Steve’s face as Bucky pulled out and then pushed back in, the expressions on his face was changing so fast Tony couldn’t read them before they changed, but by the way Steve’s cock twitched in Tony’s ass meant that at least one of them was pleasure. Bucky put his hands on Steve’s hips and thrust in a little harder this time, the force pushed Steve into Tony and then they all were moving together. Bucky thrust into Steve and in turn Steve thrust into Tony, Tony loved watching Steve’s face as he got taken by Bucky and the feeling of Steve’s arousal inside of him was the cherry on top.
“Well from what it sounds like it’s a knot. Which means the DNA I couldn’t read was canine.” A muffled voice that sounded far away could be heard over the speakers as well.
“me neither, It looks like we will be going on a shopping trip,” Pepper called back to Nat as she returned with another piece of fabric in her hands.
"Nothing upstairs," Natasha called back. "Me and Clint will meet you down there."
"Master Rogers, do you require assistance?"
“It is a rather basic item used nearly everywhere. The normality of its use caused me to overlook it at first. The premise of it is that whoever wears the bracelet first will change to the opposite gender of the next person who wears the matching piece, this is used in Asgard to get past the regulations on same gendered couples getting married.”
"Wow! 20 feet! That's... wow. I can't wait to work with him and help him with his... difficulties as you put it, I can't imagine what he's going through."
"What the fuck is that supposed to mean!?"
“Oh, you like that idea. well, it’s not much of a punishment if you like it now, is it?” Tony heard as Rogers set something down and walked back up behind him, pressing against his back and speaking directly in his ear. “I guess I'll have to do something else for your punishment.” a shiver ran down Tony’s spine at Rogers’ words.
"it’s up to you Steve, it affects you more. Everyone already knows about my sexuality, but when it gets out that Captain America is gay it's going to be a disaster.”
“Yes, yes want you in me.” Rogers nibbled at the tendon of Tony’s neck while he pulled his cheeks farther apart and angled his hips so he could breach Tony’s lose and still-lubed body. He pushed inside slowly and Tony groaned when he finally felt Rogers’ hips meet with his, he clenched down reflexively but Rogers pinched Tony’ s right nipple in punishment, without even bringing his mouth up from where it was sucking a hickey at the base of Tony’s skull.
Clint was on top of the refrigerator with an arrow on his bow, pointed at Loki who was lounging on the couch looking like the cat that got the canary. Natasha was on the other side of the room with a large blade in one hand and her other stretched out to push Bruce towards the elevator. The best part of all of it was everyone was in their lounge wear, Clint had purple polka dotted fuzzy pants and bare feet, Natasha had a black tank top and large grey sweatpants. Tony rubbed at His temples to help with the caffeine headache that wasn’t being helped by Clint's yelling.
He took and wrung out a cloth, then gently spread it over the inside of the feathers at the bottom and worked his way up, meticulously wiping every single feather until it was gleaming. He then moved on to the next wing, when he finished that he had a little problem, He couldn't reach the backs. He shuddered at the thought of not cleaning the backs, which were probably the worst, and the feathers that were out of place kind of hurt. He thought of asking someone for help, but who? Nat? No. Clint? Definitely not. Tony? No, he couldn't tell Tony, and he probably wouldn't survive him, or anyone else for that matter, touching his wings. He wasn't sure his back would be in the best shape for a shower, but that will have to do. He should probably clean up the bathroom first. He folded his wings to his back and got up, put the towels away, emptied the now, red-tinted water out and went to work on the bathroom.
happened at the lab? he hasn't been himself since then and if he needs your help it has to be serious. I need to know Bruce, this is affecting the team."
“Sir, the ladies have arrived home. It seems that they will be in need of assistance.” J.A.R.V.I.S’s voice startled Bucky out of his comfortable doze where he and Tony had lounged on the couch while mindlessly watching TV. He shook Tony violently awake for the second time today and got up to ride down the elevator to the garage.
"I want you to come to my office tomorrow, or I guess technically later today for some tests. I need some sleep in a real bed now, and I suggest you do too." With that Bruce got up and left. Tomorrow he would have to deal with Tony so he fully deserved some sleep.
“You can land now, I think I am done for today, I'll have a recommended food list to complete with the enhanced metabolism and likely some pills to help counteract the drugs they had you on by tomorrow.” Bucky nodded and Bruce left them to go back to his lab.
“Well, let's go see the wizard.” Tony and Bruce walked over to where Loki was, now he had apparently given up on the sigil circle and was holding his hands over Steve’s body and waving them about three inches above him while green mist crackled in the space between Steve and his hands. They watched for a moment before Loki finished and banished his books and the ingredients from hell back to where ever they came from before turning to Tony and Bruce with a tired look on his face.
“You are really something else,” the robot made a happy noise and did a little circle around the desk. “Thanks for the cleaning, but I need to go find Tony.” The robot made another noise and raced its way back to what looked like a little house that was its charging port. Bucky got up shaking his head at the spunky little robot and got to work where Steve left off.
“ -you going to join us? Reindeer games?” the voice of Stark pulled Loki out of his mind and back in the present. He glanced around the room and found all eyes on him.
“So, you think that I will become a woman?” Steve looked down at his body like it would bite him.
“Why don't you put your toys away, I've always been more of a lover than a fighter.” he takes a gauntlet in his hand and pushes it to Tony’s side moving even closer until he is chest to chest to him and he whispers something in Tony’s ear that makes him blush. Before he moves away he kisses Tony on the mouth and turns around walking back to Steve and he licks his lips as he grabs Steve by the throat and backs him to the wall. “You are such a little shit. Keeping me bottled up for so long, it got boring after a while, feels good to stretch my legs. I haven't been in control since that night after she died.” he smiled when Steve let out a whimper and tears slid down his cheeks. The other him jolts and falls to the ground, behind him Tony holds up a repulsor. Steve falls to the ground like his strings have been cut.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry sugar, I'm not the kind of girl to put out on the first date.” Rogers pushed him back into the wall and lifted Tony like he was nothing, his crotch presses a searing line into Tony’s hip and Tony reflexively wrapped his legs around that oh-so tiny waist. “Is that a gun in your pants or are you just happy to see me?” Rogers eyes darkened and Tony could almost feel his stomach drop.
“What are you looking at?” Clint asked as he walked closer to see what Tony was doing, Natasha followed. “is-is that who I think it is?!” Clint surged forward once he caught a glimpse and peered into the cup as the others crowded around to get a look as well. Steve hid most his body behind Tony's finger, but his wing and half his face was still visible to the avengers gathered around. Steve let out a little squeak towards Tony and then reached for the paper towel. Tony lifted him out of the water and wrapped the towel around him setting him on the counter. When he turned to rinse out the mug a series of loud squeaks alerted him and he quickly swiveled around to see Clint dangling Steve by his little foot while he tried his hardest to keep the towel around himself, his little wings fluttered uselessly at his sides.
“-Stevie,” Bucky slurred his words and he was breathing hard as Steve’s length pushed into him over and over feeling like it was pushing the air out of his lungs. “Don-don’t you ever leave again, never, can’t lose you.” Steve cut Bucky off with a kiss and he kissed every part of Bucky’s face, he kissed his nose and his forehead and then he kissed away the tears as they slid down the apples of his cheeks to the sharp angle of his jaw. He traveled down to Bucky’s neck and followed the tendon to his shoulder. He knew that Bucky’s uniform covered this particular stretch of skin so Steve latched on and sucked a claiming bruise on Bucky’s shoulder, while he changed the angle slightly and Bucky choked out a sob and his hand flew up to cover his mouth as Steve hit his spot over and over, Steve was close too, he sped up and pushed his hips as deep as he could go, he saw stars as he came and Bucky tightened around him as he came too in long stripes against his chest.
He felt that the part of him that long ago shriveled away was once again thriving in the sun. he had not had this much fun since he was but a babe, causing mischief with Thor by his side.
“BUCKY!!!”
“Yeah,” Bucky’s voice was tortured sounding and he pulled Steve closer to him. “I think him wanting this might have to do with the thing that Loki did, or I may be wrong, could be that he finally feels safe in the future enough that those wants he repressed for so long can come bubbling up.”
“J, pull up The National Hot Dog and Sausage Council. You know which page I mean.” Tony stilled and crossed his arms in Bucky’s lap as Jarvis pulled up the site and read off the information.
"Yes, Master Rogers"
arrives, he will be a mini-me and
“Did you hear that, Jarvis?”
When he stepped out of the elevator, he found the place overturned, the table was broken in half, the couch and armchair was on its side and in the middle of the mess a small shaking form sat in the most defensible position in the place. he was surrounded by what looked like every piece of fabric that was on the floor, from blankets to towels to shirts and clothes that Steve must have left in the closet here. Bucky’s wings were in a defensive position and they were puffed up the make him look large and intimidating, Tony moved towards him and Bucky registered his presence in the room. His eyes flashed all over Tony, taking in who he was and the threat level that he posed. Tony crouched low to the ground and left his hands open and visible to Bucky as he slowly got closer to the scared man.
"Wait, they grew?"
The soldier was hooked to an I.V and a monitor that showed his heart rate, oxygen, and blood pressure, all of which were normal. When he further inspected his body he found that he was in a medical gown, all his belongings had been taken or left behind. His wings were folded behind him and the joints were pulled to his body by a wrapping of gauze around his ribs. He carefully unwound the gauze and stretched his wings to make sure everything was functional and he could have a fast get away if needed. When he shifted his body to get out of the bed the man woke up. They just stared at each other for a while before the man spoke.
Steve was looking through one of the glass windows on the vats to try and figure out what it was when he heard Tony’s panicked voice.
“Its ok, make as much noise as you want, it means that you are liking it.” Bucky blushed and nodded his head allowing Tony to continue. Tony’s mouth was watering, but he resigned himself to giving a hand-job, he could talk to Steve about everything later. Bucky was about the same length as Steve but he had more girth, Tony swiped his thumb over the head where a bead of pearly precome had welled up, Bucky threw his head back and moaned. He was getting close and Tony could tell, he redoubles his efforts, adding in a twist of his wrist and just like that Bucky shot off in his hand. After he finished his body sagged back onto the bed and he fell asleep. Tony cleaned up left the room after putting everything away, after all he had something important to talk to Steve about.
It had a skylight that was open so he flew up and lowered himself inside to the cement floor below. He began to look around for signs of life, making sure to not make any noise that may alert his presence. There was a hallway that led from the large room where he had entered that he could hear muffled sounds coming from. Hesitantly, he followed the hallway deeper into the building to another open area that wasn’t as big as the other one but had better sight lines and extra exits, it was there sat off to the side and tending to a wound on his leg that Steve saw him.
‘Morning’ he mouths to Tony as not to wake Bucky. Tony smiles up at Steve and then attempts to wriggle out of Bucky’s grasp. In the end Steve had to help Tony out of Bucky's clutches and only succeeded after he stuffs two big pillows in his arms to substitute Tony. Bucky was always a cuddlier in his sleep, and now with the help of his extra limbs he is worse than a horny octopus.
“Steve, Honey. will you please come down?” there was a shuffling of feathers and then Steve was in front of him, he had his head down looking at the floor between his socked feet. Tony sighed and stepped into Steve’s space placing a hand of the side of his jaw and tipping his face up to look him in the eyes. He looked exhausted, even with the serum working to keep him in top shape. He had bags under his eyes and looked like he hadn’t eaten in a week. “Please come to bed with me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ok gang, gather ‘round. We have a little announcement to tell you.” Bruce, Thor, Loki, Natasha, Sam, Clint, and Pepper sat on the couch and looked at Tony and Bucky with nervous curiosity.
“which one are you?” Steve was shocked by the abrupt question and didn’t answer. “you can’t be Rogers because you aren’t as bold as he is but you can’t be Steven because you aren’t curling up like you want the world to swallow you...”
The second Tony got back with the others, he went looking for Steve, but Natasha caught his bicep and pulled him back from the doors, she had a pitying look on her usually stoic features.
“What are you talkin’ about, Punk?” Steve jerked his head up from where he was looking at the floor. “I told ya that nothin’ you were drawing I hadn’t seen or heard before, I was just shocked, was all. Didn’t expect to see that come from ya’” Bucky mussed his hand in Steve’s hair and crawled out the window to the fire escape with a bottle of cheap whiskey in one hand and his gift in the other. Steve scrambled after him and stood next to Bucky looking at him like he was speaking Japanese.
“I was reading that.” his tone is annoyed but he knows that she can tell what he is really thinking.
Tony came back to Steve sketching on the chair and he leaned over the back to watch over his shoulder as he finished the shadows of Bucky’s feathers and the softness of the sheets under their resting forms.
I had an extra day off so this chapter came along faster that I expected, I hope you enjoy!
“Hmm, looks like we have a little guest,” Tony pulled off and turned to see who was there and Steven caught his eyes. They were wet and his lips were red from being abused, he breathed in heavy gulps of air and his pupils were large with hunger and arousal. “Well, looks like someone wants to join in on the fun.” Rogers makes Steven jump a little with the sudden words, he takes a moment before he realizes what he means and then sees the rather obvious erection tenting the front of his sweatpants. Steven flushes and tries to curl in on himself.
Unsure of what to do with himself he put the rest of the eggs away so he could warm them up later and then walked back over to the couch, Rogers looked up at him and took another swig of the beer before he leaned over and placed the empty bottle on the table, in one swift movement he curled his arm around Steven’s waist and lifted him onto his lap so that Steve’s straddled Rogers’ thighs. Rogers took the back of Steven’s head in his hand and pressed their lips together; Steven opened his mouth and Rogers pushed some beer into his mouth Steven licked up the taste and once it was gone, he followed it into Rogers’ mouth. Rogers allowed Steven to explore the warm cavern of his mouth, letting Steven steer the kiss and simply setting back and rubbing his hands over Steven’s body.
“Clint, for the last time. A HOT DOG IS NOT A SANDWICH!!!”
When he raised his head, Bucky was making his way over to the two. He joined the embrace and they shared a kiss over Tony’s head while their wings stretched and covered the small group.
"Why didn't you tell me when this happened?!?"
Tony ran over to the bed and took Steve’s face in his hands; they were bigger than he remembered.
“Wha-” Bucky’s eyes bugged out of his head when he saw Steve sitting on his naked stomach in that big shirt of his that fell just right, the low light of the room accented her breasts and the shadows the fabric made were pornographic. His arms automatically went to her hips and he could feel himself tenting his underwear already. “Stevie,” Bucky was panting and his hands trailed up and down her thighs, petting the soft skin that surrounded his waist.
“Thank you ‘J,” Tony rolled over to hug Steve and press his body to Steve’s, stealing his warmth.
“It’s ok, he won't do anything your not ok with and I’ll be there the whole time.” Tony stroked down the wing nearest to him. He pulled it so it was settled on his lap instead of the floor. He started to straighten the out of place feathers and then stroked down, pulling contented noises out of Steve.
please tell me what you think in the comments and i hope you enjoy!
“Hey cap, I was just about to go looking for you. I had something I want to talk with you about.” Steve’s heart started to race. Had Tony noticed how he felt about him? Was he mad?
She walked with purpose over to the soldier and he let his wings fall as she approached, unsure what to do. When she reached him, she cupped Steve’s chest just like she had hers not seconds before and let out a petulant whine.
“Steven seems to be on the kitchen floor, I suggest that you aid him.” Tony could hear the worry in his A.I.s voice which meant that he knew more than he could say and that something was really wrong.
"What do you mean?"
It seemed like seconds but at the same time years when Steve came back from the kitchen with a bowl of food for him.
Meanwhile...
“OK, THAT'S ENOUGH!" Steve strained against the cuffs trying to leap across the room and cover Bucky's mouth so he couldn't tell that horrible story. "I believe you, now please don’t tell that story.” Steve dropped his head into his hands.
“My turn.” his face had that look on it he got when he was presenting something he made, but that thought was soon pushed out of Steve’s mind. Tony started to truly fuck her into the mattress, his hips moving fast and the only sound in the room was the slap of skin on skin. Steve’s breath was pushed out of her lungs with the force of his thrusts, little ‘unh, unh, unh.’ sounds falling from her lips. But soon even that was silenced when Bucky captured her mouth with his.
Tony lifted his arms but, hesitated before he touched. “I am going to touch your wings now, is that OK?” Bucky nodded into his shoulder and his hitching Breaths rattled his whole body where it was pressed against Tony's. Tony reached up and stroked the under feathers of Bucky’s wings, slowly he moved to the spot that got Steve boneless every time Tony would pet him there. Bucky let out a happy hum and relaxed slightly, his hold on Tony’s shirt released and the neckline of Tony’s shirt dropped away from where it had been pressed to his neck.
“I think it is time to wrap up, its late.” The Captain turned to Loki and gave him a look of utter sadness and guilt “Sorry you weren’t able to join in, maybe next week?” Loki was so caught off guard he just stared at the man before nodding. Steve smiled that megawatt smile and then turned to herd all the avengers back to their rooms after cleaning up the room.
“You're right,” Bruce took off his gloves and threw them in the trash before he pinched his nose with one hand and rested his elbow in the other. “There are no foreign bodies in his blood that I can find, the only thing that is wrong is his hormones are completely out of whack, he has extremely high progesterone and his vitamin C is very low along with his vitamin D. From what I can tell the fainting may be of low iron levels, or more likely it is a symptom of the whole magic thing.” Bruce threw his hands in the air in a motion of defeat and let them fall back to his sides.
“The energy signature appears to be Asgardian.” Tony turned to Peter who was patiently waiting with his legs crossed in thinly veiled excitement.
Tony rolled his hips into Steve's, he felt Steve's erection jump and press harder into him. After a few minutes of grinding, both of them were fully hard and Steve was rutting up against him. Tony sat up and Steve's wings opened so he could move down and take off his clothes as well as Steve's pants. Steve watched him the whole time, once he was undressed Tony moved back up and straddled Steve's thighs. He took Steve into his hand and gave him a few pulls, Steve moaned and Tony swept his thumb over the sensitive head to use the precum gathered there to ease the way.
"No. Calm down Steve, you are overthinking this, get your head together and come up with a solution like you always do.” He said to himself attempting to sound confident, but failing miserably.
“Fuck.” both Tony and Bucky said at the same time, the sound of Bucky’s hand moving up and down stuttered and his breathing became more labored.
Tony nodded and before he could tense for the first hit Rogers’ hand came down again, exactly on the spot he hit the first time, but now he had no protection with his jeans removed. The loud sound of skin against skin rang in Tony’s ears as his body jolted from the pain/pleasure sensation.
Bucky was working on Steve’s left wing and Tony on the right. Steve was on a whole different planet and Bucky was enjoying seeing the pleasure on his lover’s face, too much recently it has been set serious and he feels as if he hasn't seen Steve smile in weeks.
“who-” he flinched from the sound of his own voice in the otherwise silent room. The man looked just as shocked at the noise as he felt, but his face softened when he processed the word.
"Steve? Steve can you please come down?" Bruce gently coaxed him, trying to be as nonthreatening as he could. A muffled 'no' could be heard, but the wings tightly wrapped around him opened a little to let sound in and out. "ok, that's fine. You can stay up there as long as you want Steve, but I'm not going to do anything to you and you are safe."
“Would it be okay if I washed your wings now? I know that you probably won’t be able to sleep, but at least this way you are nice and clean.” Bucky nodded his head and Tony moved to get up and get the washcloth and water that he left in the bathroom from before but Bucky kept his hand fisted in Tony’s shirt, and was keeping him from getting too far away. “I need to get the stuff to clean your wings so you are going to have to let go of me,” Bucky shook his head and got up with Tony. Tony went with it and walked to the bathroom to get the supplies, all the while Bucky held onto his shirt, following him like a little duckling. Bucky watched intently as he went through the act of warming the water and wringing out the washcloth.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Tony continued, seemingly unfazed by Steve’s obvious feelings. “I was wondering if you would like to act on those feelings.” Steve wasn’t sure what to say; that wasn’t exactly a question, but Tony started to look like he did when he was hurting and didn’t want anyone to know so he got all stubborn and pushed everyone away.
“Jarvis can you give me Steve’s location?” Tony asked, he had put trackers in all the team's new suits and could get their stats as well.
Steve walked out of the elevator with Tony in tow, his wings were limp and dragging across the plush carpet as he made his way over to the couch and fell face down on the cushions, wings haphazardly draped off the side and resting on the floor.
Bucky walked behind Steve into the apartment, it was clean but looked as if it hadn’t been lived in for a while. Steve led Bucky around, showing him where everything was, but Bucky was preoccupied by Steve’s back, he wore a shirt that had slits in the back allowing his wings to hang free, unlike Bucky who had practice folding his wings as tight to his body as possible so they didn’t get in the way during missions. Without thinking he reached out and touched the soft, snow white feathers that slowly swayed back and forth with Steve’s shoulders as he showed Bucky the bathroom. They were as soft as they looked under his fingers. Steve’s whole body tensed and he cut off in the middle of his sentence.
“Yes.”
“What are we looking at Jay?”
And the world lost Steve.
Tony clapped to get everyone's attention, “Loki, thank you for your help, you can go do whatever it is that you do in your rooms,” with that Loki smiled and zapped back out of existence. “Bruce, let's get the scans and whatever other tests you need to do so we can all get settled and calm down, alright?” Tony looked at Steve where he was still on the bed. Steve nodded and they all watched as Bruce moved around the lab gathering supplies for doing some quick tests and taking samples.
“I-I knew it was different back then but I totally forgot about the whole eugenics movement.” They both turned their attention to Steve's pliant body where he was cradled in Bucky’s arms.
"No, Steve. No. You could never be a monster, You are NOT now or ever will be a monster. You are one of the best people I know, Steve." Tony pleaded with the distressed man. "You don't have to tell me anything I don't need to know unless you want to tell me. It's ok, Steve. I know how scary it is, I get panic attacks too. You are not alone."
“He’s gonna be ok, he’ll be fine. His sugar probably got too low or something like that.” Tony quietly soothed Bucky with placating words and drawing his fingers through his soft hair and equally soft feathers and Bucky buried his head into Tony’s neck.
“Can I get a shower?” Steven is blushing, but Tony guesses that he should have thought of that when he first saw Steven and the leftover sandwich pieces on him and what looked like mayonnaise on his sweatpants.
Even though he kept count of every hit of Rogers’ hand on his ass he did not know how many times that large hand came down on his raw backside.
“Don’t worry about it,” Nat said waving a black credit card in her hand. “Your boyfriend got the check.” Steve felt instantly guilty about using Tony’s money and Pepper could tell.
“I should be thanking you Captain, you will now become the fist of Hydra, too bad we didn't get to test it out on someone else.” the man shrugs and hits some buttons and the machine creates a large whirring sound.
“I think it’s starting to go down.” Steve slowly sat up, mindful of their situation and then proceeded to thrust his hips a little, the movement jarred Tony and he let out an whine. Some cum leaked out and Steve tried again, this time he was able to pull out with a ‘pop’, Cum steadily leaking out of Tony’s abused hole.
Here we are guys, the baby is on the way. I would also like to send a big shout out to JustSynapses for the wonderful art they did based on this story, you can find it on their Instagram @ just_synapses
He sat on the towels with the washcloths soaking in the container of warm water next to him, he then proceeded to take his wing and pull it around him.
There were three Hydra agents terrorizing people where they landed. Steve quickly knocked them out with his shield and took off again.
Natasha was much better at wrangling his wings into the harness than Bruce, she didn’t get injured. Once he got a shirt on, both of them got on the elevator and went to the penthouse. When the doors opened Steve stepped out, but Natasha didn’t.
“Sleipnir is my next child, I was angry at all for taking my children so I changed myself into a mare and refused to change back. When I was lead to the paddock Thor’s steed decided he wanted to have his way with me. When I first realized I was with child I reacted in a way much like you did, I was terrified at what would happen to this child. He was born late in the spring, his coat is grey with black spots on his flank and he had eight legs. He was with me for the longest time, still is if I go back to Asgard. Sleipnir is Odin’s Steed. I was allowed to visit him in his stall every now and then, he loved apples and I simply adored him. I fear that I will never get the chance to see him again now.”
First, there was a spike in Steven’s heart and breathing rate, but they weren’t too out of range, so he silenced the alarm and went back to work. When he saw the flashing, red happen on Rogers’ box he knew something was wrong.
The next place they went to was Bergdorf Goodman. Steve, unsurprisingly didn’t find anything she particularly liked. They then decided to go to some more normal stores like Macy's. Steve found a couple sets of leggings and a good pair of shoes that replaced the too small set she had borrowed from Natasha.
“Bucky, this is Tony, he is the one who cleans my wings. Is it ok if he cleans yours?” Steve's gentle tone shocked Tony for a second, it was like he really was talking to a scared animal. Bucky nodded his head, but kept his eyes on the new person in the room, watching him, observing. it weirded Tony out a little bit, but he conceded that if he spent 70 years being tortured by Nazis he would be cautious of new people as well. Just like he did with Steve that first time he decided to go slow and explain everything he was doing as he did it.
“Bed.” Tony was able to gasp out between kisses. Steve adjusted his arm under Tony’s bottom and while still kissing him, he walked them to the elevator. The elevator took them to Steve’s floor where they stumbled into his room clothing was lost along the way, both still had their pants on and Steve still had his harness on when they reached the bed. Steve set Tony on the bed and then crawled over him to meet the others lips again, kissing him with even more passion than before, if that was possible. Tony pushed his leg between Steve’s and used his thigh to rub at the impressive tent in his pants.
“I hope you are feeling better,” the soldier did not reply, he wasn’t to reply unless directly asked a question. He pulled his body away from the man and moved towards the door. “I know that you don’t remember me but, we are friends,” the man continued “I won’t let anyone hurt you anymore, you are safe now.” The soldier did not know how to act, never before had someone acted towards him this way, he was a weapon and weapons don’t get treated kindly, they get used.
"I can’t wait to see Clint’s face!” Tony's eyes had that glint in them that told Steve he was up to no good again. Steve leaned over and kissed Tony.
"Oof" a little rush of air left his lungs when he flopped down on his bed, spread starfish on his stomach. He fell asleep the second his head hit the pillow.
Bucky dropped down from above him and kicked him in the back, right between the shoulder blades where the sensitive oil glands resided. Steve dropped a few more stories before he got his wings under him and he furiously pumped them to get himself back to Bucky. Bucky, however was fast and he led Steve to the roof of the tower. It was an open space covered in gravel where they could continue their fight. They both dropped from the air onto the gravel and got right back to their fight, the rocks crunching under their feet as they ran at each other again. They grab at each other and hold the others arms so they can’t punch again, this causes them to resort to using their wings like battering rams into each other's sides and sensitive under wings.
“Yes, are all the stories like that?”
“I don’t know Tony,” Bruce trailed off as he examined Steve and Bucky where they had passed out on top of each other, if it weren’t for the circumstances Tony knew it was for, they would be cute, but the subtle way that you could see the stress on Bucky’s face and how Steve had him pinned tells another story. “I need to get them down in the lab to run some tests but from what I can tell they were in some form of rut. A hormone panel will hopefully tell me more.”
"Jarvis?"
He was torn out of his thoughts when the loud snick of a cap was opened and the bed dipped again as Rogers settled behind Tony. Tony's hands stopped moving and stayed where they were on his hips, Steven could feel the calluses on his hands as they tightened on his hip bones and Tony's breathing got faster, Tony tensed and then his whole body relaxed and he groaned, Steven looked in his eyes and realized what was happening, Rogers was fingering Tony open. Was this what he had looked like? Did Tony like it? Questions floated around Steven’s foggy brain as he watched Tony’s face while he got opened.
Steve looked over his shoulder and made eye contact with Bucky. His face didn’t hold any of the disgust or rage he had imagined there; rather, it showed how worried he was.
(See the end of the chapter for
When the Soldier awoke, he was in a bed. quickly he scoped the room looking for the exits and possible weapons when his eyes found the man with the wings, like him. but. not. He was curled up in a chair that couldn’t be comfortable, one wing pulled over him like a blanket and the other was propping his head up on the joint like a pillow.
“Ok.” Tony let out the word with a rush of air that he didn’t realize that he was holding in. He was preparing to be hurt again, to watch as his heart was ripped out of his chest by someone he thought he could trust with it once again; but Steve was different from Obi. “But when I'm done we seriously need to have a talk.” he finished his sentence with a tone of finality and turned toward the bedroom where he suspected Bucky to be. Steve hesitated for a second, realizing that Tony wasn’t going to storm out and leave him, he smiled and led the way to his bedroom where Bucky was shifting nervously on the bed, his wings pulled around himself looking like a drenched kitten in a gutter, dirty wings and the way this long hair fell over his face furthered the look.
Steve’s eyes had gone glassy and then he was falling back onto the couch.
“Is this from the reason why you haven’t been here for a while?” Tony tried to remain neutral and look over the paper in front of him, but peter must have seen something. “you got hurt, I knew it! I could have helped!”
Tony has a tendency to bottle everything up and shove it deep down, which would boil up again and overflow, manifesting in long rants and tirades about everything that has bothered him in the past months. This time though, this time it hasn’t been festering, Tony hasn’t been able to calm the screaming in his head by pushing it away, this time he was actually letting everything out.
“You seem to be missing one little detail,” Rogers took one hand and ran it across Steven’s Cheek, then jaw line as he spoke directly into Steven’s ear. “We are the same person, yes, it was me there that night, but it was just as much you as me, you know it. Accept that you want it already, it's been what, 90-some years? I know we are stubborn, but why continue like this when it's so good?” Rogers nibbled on Steven’s ear and Steven let out a small whine and slumped back against Rogers. Rogers slipped his hand between Steven’s body and the wall to press the heel of his hand into Steven’s cock where it was leaking against the fabric, Steven groaned and let his head fall back onto Rogers’ shoulder. “There we go, isn’t that better? Just let it all go.” with a quick twist of his hand and a brutal thrust of Rogers’ hips on his back Steven came in his pants and collapsed to the floor in an exhausted heap.
“Jarvis, alert me if Steve feels like company and don't bother Tony, I want to have some words with him before he sees him.”
When another 15 minutes passed, they had been tied together for thirty minutes. Tony’s stomach was swollen with the amount of cum filling him.
“H-How’s Tony? he probably was so worried, I don’t deserve to see him now.” Steve hung his head again and his wings curled around his shoulders trying to self-comfort him. “I'm such an idiot.” Natasha walked over to where he was squatting on the ground, he looked like a ball of feathers from where she was.
“You said that I could help next time, Please Mr. Stark?” Tony tried to remain stern but Peter was giving him those puppy dog eyes (he must be getting secret lessons from Steve).
Bucky stepped back into Steve’s space and gave him a hard look. “Spill it, what happened while you were gone.”
“Sorry.” he said, it was so quiet that no human would be able to hear it, he backed away from the door. His heart was in his throat and the only thing he could hear was the pounding of it. Which is probably why he didn’t hear Tony’s frantic scrambling to get up, and in the process he fell from the bed, so he could throw the door open.
Tony woke tied to a metal table he was on his back and the room was dim around him, it was ice cold and he was naked as the day he was born. His head was foggy but he remembered fighting HYDRA and then his suit was gone, then a needle in his neck and he woke up here in this hell-hole. The metal door slammed open and the sound echoed off the walls of the room, antagonizing the migraine that Tony had.
“Yes! Yes, s’ok.” Tony slurred out and then Steve’s hand returned, but it was slick with lube. His finger circled hid taint a few times before dipping in to the first knuckle. Steve slowly worked Tony open, He added in another finger after the first and scissored them wringing a gasp from the smaller man. His fingers felt around for that wonderful spot deep inside. Tony jolted and moaned low and long when he found it, Steve proceeded to hit his prostate on every other thrust into Tony and before long he pulled his fingers out of Tony. Tony whimpered at the loss, but soon something much larger was pushing at his entrance. The blunt pressure on him pushed the air from his lungs, Steve slowly pushed into Tony inch, by agonizing inch. He finally bottomed out and Tony felt like he was being split in two. Steve was much larger than anyone he had been with before.
“I have to find him, they-they’ll hurt him, more...” Steve was still gathering stuff from around the room as he mumbled. She moved into the room and caught his arm where it was trying to stuff all the clothing into the duffel.
“Bu-but I-I thought that I couldn't have a child like this,” Steve gestured to his body as a whole, “That's why you got us the bracelets. Oh my god! I'm pregnant… oh- wha-what am I going to do!” Steve was hyperventilating now. His chest heaving and his fist rubbing the soft fur under him in an unconscious effort to soothe himself. Loki, despite his outward appearance was rather good with calming people down, there were multiple times is his memory of being handed a child that was wailing only for it to quiet after the first pass of his hand through their hair.
Steve thinks he can hear Tony yelling at them distantly but, that doesn’t matter now, He has more important things to do, he had to win his mate back. Bucky uses the metal arm as a battering ram and punches Steve in the gut causing him to be thrown back into the large floor to ceiling windows. The glass is reinforced so it doesn’t brake but there is a large crack radiating out from behind him. Steve gets up and charges at Bucky, throwing him to the table and braking the wood in half. Steve thinks he had won so he lets his guard down and stalks closer to Bucky. In a flash of silver and blue Bucky is up again and he had Steve pinned against the window. He goes to punch Steve again, this time in the face. He hits over Steve’s left eye and his head slams into glass behind him. His ears are ringing but, he still reacts to the second punch coming toward is face, this time with his metal fist. Steve whips his head to the side just in time and the arm comes down with lethal force on the glass behind them. Then they are falling.
ours, all of us. Bucky is just as much their father as I am, right Buck?”
Jarvis did just that and soon there was a holographic bust to Tony floating on the screen, Bruce and Tony huddled around it. They examined it every which way and murmured back and forth, even with the super hearing the words made no sense to any other person in the lab (apparently all-speak can’t translate Science either).
Steve ended up staying there through dinner, but ate the plate of food Bruce brought him.
“I love you too, Steve.” Tony placed a chaste kiss on Steve’s dry lips before he looked up at Steve with a smile on his face and tears in his eyes. “You are the best thing that has happened to me in a long time.” They shared an indescribable look, it held their absolute devotion to one and other.
please let me know what you guys think of the story in the comments and ill try to ether get back to you or add in something you want to see. thanks for reading and enjoy!
“At first yes, but to be in a state of constant arousal for approximately 7-10 days will get old after a while. It is also likely that manual stimulation will not fully alleviate the symptoms given your… unique anatomy.” Steve and Tony winced. Bucky just looked confused, they really needed to have a talk with him about the other body changes that happen with the wings. Steve doesn’t think that Bucky will enjoy popping a knot for the first time like he did and completely flipping out, possibly hurting himself and his partner.
“Steve. Breathe,” she pulled him down to sit on the bed. “Ok, explain to me what happened and what you are doing.” Steve didn’t look at her, his head was dropped and he was staring at the floor. Natasha moved between his thighs and took his head between her hands, pulling his gaze to her. “I know it’s hard, but you need to tell me what Loki did, we can help you Steve, but only if you let us.” Steve nodded and took a steadying breath.
“It is going ok... Would you look over it?”
They stayed like that for a while before they both let go and gasped in sync, there was a blinding light and then there was only one, Captain Steven Grant Rogers was one whole being again. Memories and feelings from both perspectives played in his head before he came back to himself fully. Rogers had been naked so he was wearing Steve’s clothes, he took inventory of his body and found that everything was right, the bruises from last night were gone and everything was back to normal...almost.
After a humiliating check up with Bruce once he arrived, Steve and Tony had went back to Steve’s floor and watched a movie on the couch. Steve had his wings relaxed at his sides, but one wrapped itself around Tony’s shoulders.
please give kudos and comment what you think/want to happen, i enjoy hearing from you guys.
“A group of Hydra agents popped up in new jersey a few weeks ago, we sent in an undercover agent but they failed to report back, then when we went to investigate the base was giving off large amounts of unknown material in the form of gas.” Hill told the entire team. “We are unsure if the gas is dangerous or not so we recommend everyone put on the hazmat suits.” the screen blinked away and there was a collective groan from the entire jet.
“Brother, since when have these three been this way? I don’t think it something of your doing.” Thor's voice was not as loud as usual and it took on a serious tone. Loki crossed his legs and rested his chin on his hand that was propped up by his knee.
Oh shit…
“come on sleepy-head.” Steve’s sounded soft and kind. He gently pulled his wing out from under Tony, he shivered at the loss of warmth. Steve let out a good natured huff of air and scooped Tony up in his arms. Instinctively Tony threaded his arms around Steve’s neck and nuzzled his head into his collar. “What am I going to do with you,” Tony could hear the grin in Steve’s rumbling voice, he could feel the vibrations from it where he was pressed against his still naked chest. Tony rebelled by giving Steve’s right nipple a lick that made a shiver go up the soldier's spine.
“I promise you Steve,” Tony pulled back enough to make eye contact, “I promise that I will do everything in my power to help, in any way that I can. Be that spending my money researching ways to help with whatever Hydra did to him, or just to be next to you and help you both through this.” Steve pulled Tony close to him again and sobbed into his shoulder, Tony stood holding him even after his back started to protest to staying in this position for so long, he meant what he said, he would do everything to make Steve happy, even if that meant losing him.
“No Steve, we did it! we found him, J.A.R.V.I.S got a hit on the winter soldier.”
Steve twisted himself and looked over his shoulder, and yep. Definitely no wings. With everything that changed he hadn’t realized that the constant weight on his back that had been there for the past few months was no longer there.
Rogers abruptly pulled away and slapped Steven’s ass before he sauntered to the couch and plopped down, he put his legs up on the table and flicked the Tv on. “I think I'll have a beer with my eggs.” he called out without turning from the Tv, it wasn’t a question. Steven turned and dished out a plate of eggs and then stopped at the fridge to pull a beer out and walked it to Rogers.
He bust in and the first man had finished he was sitting to the side while the second had his turn with Tony. All Steve could hear was the blood rushing in his ears and the echoes of Tony screaming in pain for them to stop. He leaped up into the air and tackled the man that was raping Tony, he smashed the guy's head into the floor until he went still, then he got up to deal with the first guy that was now frantically stuffing himself back into his pants and pulling a gun. He wasn’t faster than Steve on a rampage, though. Steve flew across the room and grabbed the gun out of the man’s hand then he shot him in the thigh. the man sunk to the floor and Steve grabbed him by the throat pulling him back up and then continued until he hung in Steve’s iron grip a few inches off the ground, fingers pulling at Steve’s hand to try to breath.
“What are you two talking about?” Natasha held up the fabric and everything fell into place.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, yeah let's get you out of those soiled clothes.” Steven followed Tony to the bathroom when Jarvis had already started the 4 waterfall shower heads and steam was billowing out of the room. Steven stood and waited as Tony rummaged around his closet for some clothes that would fit Steven. “You can get in and clean up, I'll put the clothes in the bathroom when I find them and you can throw your dirty ones down the shoot next to the sink.” Tony still had his head on the closet but he heard as Steven quietly padded into the bathroom and threw his clothes down the laundry shoot.
Once Tony caught his breath, he smirked and gave Rogers one of his patented quips that usually got him punched or fucked (and he really hoped it was the latter).
"Master Rogers has requested some privacy from the team."
Steve circled over his head once more and then landed close to him, the air stirred up around him.
“Want to feel you around me, being the good little cock-warmer you are.” it wasn’t a question but Tony answered anyway.
Steve flipped over on his back and his Wings were spread under him, Tony took one of the pillows and pushed it under Steve’s hips, then he opened Steve’s legs to settle himself in the space between. Steve had his head back and was glaring intently at the ceiling, Tony could tell he was worried and it would never get anywhere with him keyed up like this.
When he walked off of the elevators it was strange that Rogers wasn’t waiting for him. He hasn’t done anything since the kitchen but he watches Steven and taunts him with his words, today however his normal seat on the couch was empty. Steven stiffened, if Rogers wasn’t in his normal spot that what chaos was he causing somewhere else?
“If you think that was bad you won’t survive the ‘full work up’ you are going to get.” Steve walked into the room with some chips and set them down in the coffee table before he plopped down on the other side of Tony. He leaned over with his arms on his knees and his head in his hands. His wings drooped falling over the couch and onto the floor.
“That’s good.” Tony whispered directly into Steve’s ear so he wouldn’t wake Bucky. Steve just hummed in response and set down the sketch and leaned back to give Tony a kiss before he got up and left the room with Tony trailing behind him. They made their way out into the living room and sat on the large sofa together while some early morning television played in the background.
“What is it Cap.” the team was suddenly alert and ready to act.
"Really."
“Can we clean my wings first?”
"Are you busy? I can come back later." Bruce looked up from the microscope obviously processing his presence there for the first time. Steve began to back out of the lab feeling unwelcome.
“Well, I cannot have my host dying on me now, can I? I don’t believe I would still be welcome to stay if that was the case.”
Steven had been benched from missions while Rogers was around, because of this he had been spending a lot of time in the gym burning off his excess energy.
“oh.”
“Now that we have that figured out I think that you'll want some comfortable pants. She gave Steve some grey yoga pants to try on but she didn’t like the way that they were tight in the thighs but loose in the ankles, she felt as if she would trip over the extra fabric. Pepper then handed her some plain black leggings and Steve liked those much better. They were like the pants on her suit but with less padding and bulletproof fabric.
Steve arrived back at the penthouse to find Tony grooming Bucky’s wings while they watched a movie, the sight of his two lovers together like that made him smile.
When Tony woke for the second time, he was moved into a different room. He was still naked but this time he was in the center of the room on his hands and knees, he was strapped to another thing, his legs were spread apart obscenely and his pelvis was held up by a pedestal that his body was draped over, his arms were tied to the legs of the pedestal and his face was pressed to the cement floor. He knew what this was but, he still couldn’t believe what was happening to him. His ass was wet with what he hoped was lube and there were HYDRA men all around him, they quieted when they noticed that he was awake, soon after someone stepped up. He walked over to Tony gazing down at him with predatory eyes, he crouched down and ripped Tony’s head up by his hair. Tony let out a pained hiss and the man chuckled at his pained sound.
“Ok Tony, what did you want to talk about.”
"Found the prisoners, or... what's left of them." He called out as he looked through the cages again and instantly regretted it.
“Hello brother.”
“Stay back.” Tony’s voice is icy but the other him doesn’t even hesitate as he gets closer. Once he is close enough to touch Tony he stops
“Have you never had a erection before?” Tony asked and saw the answer on Bucky’s face before he could shake his head “It's ok. Its the natural way that your body reacts when you feel really, really good. Now, I am going to assume that you don't know how to deal with it if you have never had one,” Bucky shook his head again. “Would you like me to help you?”
When Bucky moved Tony so he could clean him he wanted to vomit, and when he opened Tony’s legs, he barely reacted only whimpering a little and curling into Steve’s chest a little bit more. After he had cleaned him as best he could Bucky finished dressing Tony and stood to call Bruce over. Steve was still kind of protective, keeping Tony covered by his wings but eventually let Bruce get close enough to check Tony out. Bucky knew that Bruce likely understood why Steve was so protective and that they needed clothes, he wasn’t stupid and had likely deduced what happened but he could see the tensing of his shoulders as he saw the state that Tony was in. even with the clothes hiding the worst of it you could still see the marks on his throat and wrists, his face had been hit against the floor he had crusted blood on his head, his lip was split and his eyes were swollen from crying. He was clinging to Steve even in his unconscious state, his ear was pressed to Steve’s chest and his bloodied hands gripped Steve like he was the only thing keeping him up.
“Well, I'm not exactly sure what happened exactly, I was going to see Tony and when I got there, I slipped but caught myself then Bucky was shoving Tony behind him and attacking me. My brain kind of… switched off. I knew what was happening but I had no control over what I did. ”
“yes, Sir. The team had been informed about the continued confidentiality of your relationship.”
“OWW! What the fuck!” Well, that got him up. “what the hell was that for Steve?!” Tony said, his hand cradled to his chest. Steve just stood on the pillow and pulled a wing around to cover himself as he had been doing since he woke up.
here is the links to some of the pictures i worked off of for the clothes Steve wore in this chapter. sadly i couldn't find any red panties that have a arc reactor and the words 'Stark Naked' on the butt.
“Are you ok?” Peter’s eyes were double the already ridiculously large size that they were normally. Tony waved him off and pulled up the paper.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You did an amazing job, I am so proud of you and how you have handled all of this. You are so strong, I don’t think I could deal with all this if it was me.” Steve shifted so he was laying more on his back and he could look up at Tony. Brown eyes met blue, Tony's face softened and he continued to stroke his hand through Steve’s hair. Steve reached up and stilled Tony’s wrist, rubbing his thumb across the pulse point.
“Steve.” Tony groaned. Steve hummed and swallowed around him.
“Hi Tony, I know that Natasha is going to kidnap me the second that everyone finds out so I want to get that over with, I'll get some pants on and we can all go down to show the team.” Steve left the room and returned a few moments later in one of Tony’s pairs of sweatpants which fit better on her than Bucky’s but she had a different shirt of Bucky’s on, this one had a picture of the shield on the front. “Let's go.”
Steve has been surprisingly submissive since last night and Bucky wants to ask about it, but he knows when not to look the gift horse in the mouth, and trying to get a stubborn bull-headed Steve to get his wound looked at would be hell, so it will have to wait until after he cleans up the wound.
-Warren
“Most, but Fenrir is the only one who has to suffer. My others were simply taken and put to work elsewhere.” Steve’s hand clenched in Loki’s shirt again. He pulled his fingers through the blond’s hair again until he calmed enough to listen.
“well, yeah, it probably will, but I don’t know if I can get through this interview without you by my side holdin’ my hand.” Tony stepped closer and took the shirt from Steve’s hands and let it drop to the floor. Tony took Steve’s face in his hands and kissed his nose.
(See the end of the chapter for
When the reach their floor Bucky sets Steve down on the couch and they both take seats near him. Steve looks down at his lap for a while before he says anything.
Steve began to breathe heavy and his eyes went dull, Bucky had seen that look on Steve’s face only two times in his life and now, a full century later he has the word for it. Panic Attack.
"It lives! Haven't seen you in a while man." Clint is sitting playing (and losing) Mario kart against Nat when they walk through the commons area to get to the lab.
They reach the final door leading to the level where everything took place. Steve brought his shield up and braced himself as he opened the door.
Once in the lab Bruce locks the door and starts messing with things, soon there is an area in the middle where all the equipment is cleared away.
“Yes.”
“Bucky?!” Bucky stiffened and stood stock still, his eyes glancing between the two of them.
When Bruce finished cleaning Tony’s neck Bucky got off of the couch and listened as Bruce told him how to take care of the wound, Bucky listened patiently and then helped Tony off of the table where he had to sit as Bruce patched him up.
“I’ll get a washcloth.” Steve got up and disappeared into the bathroom, then returned still naked but now clean with a warm washcloth. He gently wiped Tony as much as he could, then tossed the cloth into his hamper. He climbed back into the bed and lay on his back, then spreading his wings, he pulled Tony to his chest and set him on the soft downy under-feathers. after, he wrapped both of them with his other wing, Hiding them from the world. Tony fell asleep in the soft feathers and a slow heartbeat next to him
“Sorry about that Stevie. Got a little carried away.”
“We need a shower.” Steve’s voice echoed in his sleep muddled mind. He let out a whiny noise and buried his face further in the warm feathers. He felt Steve chuckle.
“One squeak for yes and two for no.” Steve let out a single squeak. “do you want me to stop?” Steve thought about it, he knew that Tony would never hurt him and his asking before he did anything was proof of that. Two squeaks.
Tony was worried, After Afghanistan he had displayed similar actions and he is no professional but, it took Pepper finding him half dead on his bathroom floor and 4 different psychologists to get him out of his funk. He most definitely did not want to end up with a Suicidal super Soldier on his hands.
“Please.” his voice was small and strained. He crouched between Bucky’s thighs like earlier and pulled off his borrowed sweatpants. Bucky’s cock sprung out and Tony could see the place at the base where he would get a knot, he made a mental note to tell Bruce the new information. He had found that with Steve it was incredibly painful to pop a knot on nothing so he would have to hold the knot the whole time Bucky ended up coming. luckily, Tony had found a way to get Steve off without causing him to knot, which had come in handy when he was blowing him or giving him a hand-job. Steve said that being able to knot Tony felt the best, but after 70 years of not even getting an erection Tony didn't think that this would last long anyway.
“Fuck! Steve? Steve!?” Tony scrambled up and placed two fingers on Steve’s neck, he let out a sigh in relief when he felt a pulse and the faint gusts of air over his hand where he had checked for breathing. Tony shook Steve’s prone form and tried to wake him up, his wings were crumpled at an odd angle under him and Tony knew that they would hurt like that but he couldn’t pick Steve up.
They were hot rod red with gold lining and in the center, there was an arc reactor. Steve turned them around and saw there was writing on the butt it said in looping gold-sparkling letters ‘Stark Naked’
Bucky helped Steve stand from the bed and take his first uncoordinated steps in his new body. It was all wrong, his center of balance was lower and the way his hips moved as he walked felt awkward. He mainly relied on Bucky to half carry him to the elevator with Tony trailing behind them.
They were all worked up that it didn’t last nearly as long as they usually go, but when Tony felt the beginnings of Steve’s knot pushing at his entrance, he knew that this was going to be interesting. Even for him taking the knot was a little weird, don't get him wrong, he loved it but it wasn’t something to start with, which was exactly what Steve was doing. Between the grunts and moans coming from Steve, Tony could tell that Bucky’s knot was starting too, Steve opened his eyes and looked at Tony with lust, yes, but anxiety too.
“You really should get some sleep, Tony,” Bruce’s hand rested on his shoulder, and he nearly dropped the soldering iron he was using. “You are no good to anyone if you aren't rested.”
Steve squeaked once in agreement and they headed upstairs to Tony's penthouse again. Tony walked through the bedroom and into the bathroom where he deposited Steve on the counter by the sink and started to draw a bath. Tony added in some bubbles and then went into the other room to get so things. When he came back the overwhelming aroma of lavender was fulling the bathroom. He had brought some towels, a bottle of wine, candles, and a plastic dish. He set up the candles and stopped the water when the bath was full then took the plastic dish and filled it with some water from the bath, Steve realized the dish was for him. Tony got up and took his clothes off, then waited as Steve slipped out of his pants and carried him over to the bath with him.
“Too, too many clothes…” Steve moaned out between kisses, she had rucked Bucky’s shirt up and was pushing at it where it pooled under his arms. Bucky chuckled at her impatience.
Steve woke up sweating with the heat of Bucky and Tony wrapped around him, he would love to stay there forever but he really had to piss and it was too hot for him. He slowly and carefully pulls himself out of the pile of feathers and limbs to he can relieve himself.
When Steve woke it was dark out and Tony was wriggling around and talking to J.A.R.V.I.S in rushed frantic tones. Groggily he let go of Tony and sat up rubbing at his eyes and stretching his wings out from where he had been laying on them.
Tony ducked his head and took Steve halfway in his mouth in one movement, Steve gasped in surprise and thrust up out of instinct before he stopped himself, there was an equally surprised groan from behind them as Bucky watched. Tony worked Steve over with his mouth as he would normally do, but this time he dipped lower than his balls as he massaged his perineum and then over his hole, Tony waited for Steve to flinch away or go tense again, but he didn’t, fully caught up in the sensations of Tony sucking him off he didn’t realize that Tony was starting to open him up. Bucky noticed that Tony needed more lube and was unable to get it without Steve noticing so he took the tube and squeezed some on Tony’s fingers, Tony hummed in appreciation which pushed the air out of Steve and he moaned at the feeling of the vibrations traveling through his dick. Tony massaged at Steve’s hole and then slowly pushed with one lube slick finger, Steve was still focused on Tony’s mouth and didn’t tense up so he continued, somewhere between two and three fingers Steve realized what was happening and he reached down to run his fingers through Tony’s hair and guide him off of his dick.
“imagine the sex!” Tony's face lit up with an idea. That pulled a reaction out of Steve. His whole body turned red and he pulled both his wings around his tiny body. “I could rim you and blow you at the same time.” Tony had that look on his face, Steve started to back away but had nowhere to go, he couldn’t fly with his wings wrapped around his body. In the blink of an eye, Tony lunged for Steve and Steve in panic opened his wings on instinct to look bigger. bad choice. Tony pinned him down with one finger to his chest and his wings were trapped beneath him, leaving his aching cock completely in Tony’s view.
“This, this must have cost you a fortune,”
Tony was lying on the bed, he looked peaceful and like he was just sleeping if it wasn’t for the oxygen mask over his face and the I.V in his arm that was dripping liquid directly into his veins. Steve stretched out his wings and laid it over Tony's body and one wrapped around Bucky’s shoulders, they each took one of Tony’s hands and sat on the sides of the bed. Steve watched the slow rise and fall of Tony’s too small chest, the way his breath barely fogged the plastic covering his mouth could attest to how bad it was. Steve couldn’t do it anymore, he hated this feeling, not being able to do anything. The last time he had felt this way he took the serum and joined the army, for all the serum could do it couldn’t make Steve perfect in this aspect, he couldn’t punch his way out of this.
“Loki took me to a Hydra facility, after he told me that there was another like me,”
“Go sit on the table for Bruce.” Steve moved like his ass was on fire, he jumped from the couch and sat patiently while Bruce got him cleaned. Bucky stood a few feet away with his arms crossed over his chest and Steve never made eye contact with any of them.
“Hawkeye and Widow will check the upper floors for any and all information of what is happening and why, me and you will go to the source and is we can shut this thing down.” Tony gave him a mischievous smile and the HUD clicked closed.
“I'm going to let you guys talk this out yourselves, but just so you know Steve, if you hurt him again, you will pay for it.” She kissed his cheek and stepped back into the elevator letting the doors shut and leaving Steve to talk to Tony.
“So, can you help me?”
“Stevie, there ain’t nothin’ out there that I haven’t seen or heard of already, the guys at the docks are always talking’ you know that.” Steve visibly deflates and crossed his arms over his chest.
fun fact human males can actually lactate if the mammary glands are stimulated enough. you can read more about it here
Steve was having a dilemma. He wanted to go out for a run, but couldn't wear shirts anymore, it agitated his feathers and the wings would constantly shift and move to where you could see them. Running a hand through his hair in frustration, he stopped pacing and went over to his closet. he had found a sweatshirt could work to hide the wings with minimal discomfort, but he couldn't go running. he'll just have to find a different way to work out.
Bucky stopped his pacing and jumps into Steve’s arms (his
“I'm not going to touch yet, I'll tell you when I do but, first I want to look and see if you have any feathers that are out of place or damaged that I need to take care of. can you open your right wing for me?” Bucky relaxed slightly but still remained tense as he slowly removed his wing from its place pulled flush to his back. The wing was obviously dirty, but it looked ok, and once it was cleaned and oiled Tony thought that it would look Beautiful, the Blue and black contrasted with cream stripe that would become pure white when clean.
Bucky pushed forward and Tony let out a little squawk but let Bucky commandeer the room.
sorry for not posting a new chapter in a while ive been having really bad writers block
“This doesn’t make sense, why are you helping me find him?”
“Hello Captain,” Steve jumped slightly and whirled around to see Loki walk in the room. He looked soft and kind wearing a dark t-shirt and what Steve guessed were the Asgardian equivalent of sweatpants. “Would you like to get Started now?”
“Mmm, what's up Tony? Is there a mission?”
"Seconded." Bruce replied from under the blanket he was using to cover his modesty. Tony still hasn't perfected his Super Stretchy Hulk Pants™ so the blankets plentifully stored in the jet worked fine.
Steve grabs his sketchbook and sits himself down in one of the plush chairs that is situated beside to bed, he loses himself in drawing so much that he doesn’t realize that Tony’s eyes have opened and he is watching Steve draw.
big trigger warning on this chapter there is description of a gang rape by Hydra, if this triggers you please don't read
When Bucky stood in front of Steve, he could see just the top of Tony’s head where it rested against Steve’s chest. Steve took a calming breath and the slowly dropped his wings to the side so Bucky could see but Bruce could not. When he could fully see what they had done to Tony he thought back to the bodies littering the halls and then he glanced at the ones that were in the room not feet away, they died easy for what they had done, they were lucky Steve had found him and not Bucky first because if he did there would be nothing left of them. He pointedly looked at the marks on Tony's hips and legs knowing what they were from but, not wanting to believe that it was true. He looked up and met Steve’s eyes, they were wet and he nodded when he saw the look on Bucky’s face. Bucky steeled himself and crouched down so he could help dress Tony while Steve shielded him. He saw red when he was pulling the sweat pants up Tony's limp legs.
"My body. I..I'm not me, I thought I could help people if I could breathe on my own and wasn't constantly sick, always a burden to everyone around me so I signed up and joined the war. I did, I helped people saved lives but that wasn't me, it was The Captain who did it. I'm just some kid from Brooklyn who was never supposed to live past 15. I decided if I was going to go out I wanted to have a chance to make a difference," Steve's breath hitched again, but he gets it under control and continues. "then THIS happens and another piece of me is not ME. sometimes I just want to be that kid from Brooklyn again 5'5 and 100 lbs, no one looked his way, they didn't expect anything from him. I'm not him anymore, and this body isn't mine." Tony was speechless, tried to gather his thoughts.
so tell me what you guys think, I love hearing from you and it makes me so happy to read all of your comments.
He rubbed at the glass plating on the arc reactor as he slumped onto the bed in his lab, placed there for the occasional nap, and fell into a deep sleep.
“It's just me, Tony. Do you remember me? I am the one who cleans Steve’s wings?” Tony kept his voice low and made sure to telegraph every movement he made so not to startle him. Bucky’s eyes softened a fraction and his body went ramrod straight. Then he deflated like a balloon. In a blink of an eye, he had leapt at Tony, not being able to react fast enough Tony fell back into a sitting position and stayed still as Bucky hugged him, Bucky was crying into Tony’s shoulder and his wings had lowered to cover the both of them, it was just like how Steve did it, but it was so very different at the same time, Bucky smelled like leather and sun and something slightly sweet that Tony couldn't name where as Steve smelled like warm blankets and a meadow in the forest on a spring afternoon. Another difference was the color, Steve’s golden under feathers shined like- well, gold, even with the small amount of light that leaked through his feathers when he embraced Tony like this they reflected light and it was bright in Steve’s arms, but with Bucky his wings weren’t reflective they were dark and they let in very little light, it felt like being in a warm bath and closing your eyes to just let your body be cocooned in the warm water.
Steve wasn’t stupid, he was one of the best tactical minds there was, HYDRA was one thing and A.I.M is another but together they could- No, he can’t think that way. Tony was smart, he would find a way to signal them, and until that signal came Steve wouldn’t stop looking. he wouldn’t let what happened to Bucky happen again.
arms). Bucky kisses Steve like a drowning man taking in a breath of fresh air. he moans into Steve’s mouth and undulated his hips against Steve’s, their half hard dicks rub against each other and Steve bites down on Bucky’s lower lip to stop him from making too much noise.
Tony was woken by screaming in the kitchen. He slid out of the ball of feathers and arms that were wrapped around him, and groggily stumbled out of his room to see what all the chaos in his kitchen was about.
Back at the tower Tony was listening in through the bugs he put on the jet but Jarvis, that sneaky son of a bitch, didn't let anything through. (Wait did that make him the bitch?)
“I have thought of a lot of ways to do this, but I figured the best way is to show you and then answer any questions you have.” Steve mentally steeled himself “during the attack on the A.I.M lab a few months ago I was exposed to a vial of the stuff they were using to mutate the people there. yes, I am perfectly fine, that is why I have been getting checked out by Bruce frequently and have been absent from team bonding activities like movie nights. There was a side effect of the vial though, and I hope it doesn’t change how any of you view me.” Steve concluded his speech and raised his arms to take off his shirt but his wings had other ideas. He hadn’t been wearing the new harness Tony had made him because he was going to be showing his wings to the team so the movement made his wings open and his shirt was ripped off of his body. He lowered his head; his ears were red and he felt the blush run down his back. He heard some gasps and even Natasha’s breathing picked up a little despite her unfazed look.
“Steve just passed out, I don’t know what happened but we were just talking and then he got all glassy and feverish then just fainted on me, we need to get him down to medical.” Bucky nodded and dropped the knife and gun on the table and picked Steve up bridal style, he ran out to the balcony and jumped off, falling a few hundred feet before he opened his wings and glided down to the medical floor. Tony took the elevator.
“would you like a bath again?” Tony asked with a smile on his face as he held up the steaming cup of coffee. Steve wasn’t not impressed. “Awe, come on Steve, it’s kind of funny.” Steve just continued to stare with his arms crossed.
“No, Buck.” Steve interrupted, but Bucky was not having it.
There was a groan heard from behind them and Tony rushed past Loki to get to where Steve was sitting up on the bed and looking around. She (he?) rubbed her head and blinked at Tony.
When Bruce arrived it was 4:30 am and he went straight to Steve's floor.
“Can't wait to be inside you Stevie, to stretch your hole with my knot and full you full of my come while you are buried balls deep in Tony.” Steve moaned and pushed back into the cradle of Bucky’s hips encouraging him to continue rocking against his back. Tony finished preparing himself and turned back to Steve with the lube in his hand.
"w-what is that?"
He set out the clothes he deemed ok to wear for the day and started doing push-ups, pull-ups, and other exercises he could do in his room. When he finished he put on the large sweatshirt and sweatpants he set out, but found yet another problem. Although the wings were covered they only covered the tops. His wings were almost as tall as he was and would drag on the floor if he didn't hold them up. In his anger his wings fluffed up and spread fully, his shirt was ripped to shreds.
“ok guys, whatever you do don’t get hit with the blasts from the ray guns.” Tony called over the comms.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What was that for?” Tony had the cute confused look on his face that he gets when one of his creations shorts out and he had absolutely no idea why.
had to do quite a bit of research about 1940's pornography and Tijuana bibles for this chapter. I hope you enjoy!
Before she could answer Clint, she was grabbed by each arm and ushered out of the room by Nat and Pepper...
“Because he saved my life, Loki will be staying here. He was banished from fairyland, There. Now shut up and leave my kitchen, its too early for this shit!” Tony threw his hands up and walked away as he finished explaining. He slammed the door to his room closed and flipped the lock, knowing full well that it wouldn’t keep anyone out but knowing that it would detour some. The sound of the door slamming woke Steve and Bucky who were sitting up on their arms and looking at him with that same lost puppy dog look. Tony just let out a long groan and flopped back on the bed between the both of them.
"Weird" he thought aloud. "Maybe I should see Bruce."
Tony, now knowing why Rogers left a deliberate space so that Tony could get no relief from his throbbing cock, drapes himself over Rogers’ lap.
“I-I can’t. Nat, what if he’s hurt! What if Loki brainwashed him like Clint! I need to see him!” Tony was hysterical and he didn’t notice the tears running down his face until Natasha pulled him into a hug after wiping his cheek.
Other than a chemical smell and some more pink mist there was no explosion or other disaster. Steve looked back at Ironman, Tony did something that Steve could only assume was a shrug. He turned back around and entered the floor, Ironman right behind him.
“Kneel.”
“So, you are saying Hydra wanted to have little Tony’s running around?
“NO!” Steve suddenly jerked up and he stilled completely, although his hips twitched a few times, rubbing against the thigh of the suit. Steve’s eyes got big and blue and Tony knew that look, the look that he could never say no to. Tears spilled over and washed down Steve’s flushed face. “Pl-please, Sta-Stay, Tony. n-n-need y-ou. Please it hurts, please. Wan’ you so much.” Steve started grinding his hips again but he shifted himself up and now Steve’s erection is rubbing right up against Tony’s. A desperate groan is pushed out of Tony and Steve goes back to licking and kissing all over Tony’s chest while he rubs himself off against the genius.
Tony’s eyes widen as he sees how big Steve is, it's never going to fit. Especially without a lot of prep and Steve is not thinking right now. Tony braces himself, trying to relax and let his muscles let go. Then Steve shifts up and straddles Tony’s hips.
"Yeah I've been... sick. Just getting a checkup." Clint nods and is back to his game, but Natasha gives him one of her 'I know your full of crap but I want to see how this plays out' glares.
Tony was jolted awake by the call to assemble the lights flashing in his room pulling him out of his slumber. Steve’s perpetual warmth against him was gone. Tony sat up and saw Steve gazing sadly at his shield.
“I have merely come to check on my patients. How have you been faring? Anything abnormal?”
It had been a few days from when he first noticed Steve going into Bruce's part of the lab every other day and coming out of it a few hours later with a grim expression on his face. He no longer wore the skin-tight running shirts he seemed so fond of, instead he wore nothing but baggy sweatshirts. he was also being reclusive, not participating in team bonding, preferring to slink off to his floor and not come out unless there was a mission or something equally important.
“I thought the future would be better, that the prejudice would be gone. Honestly, I could care less about what J Jonah Jameson has to say about me, but to say hero or mutant like somehow being mutant is inherently evil, it disgusts me to see that America hasn’t gotten any better, it just shifted the blame onto someone else.” Steve looks down at where his hands are folded together on the table in front of him. Tony moves behind the chair and wraps his arms around Steve’s neck in a back hug, his hands hold on to Steve’s as his chest presses into the downy feathers and he places his forehead on the back of his neck.
"Nothing much, just disturbing files on what they did to the people here, Jarvis finished downloading them and I will meet up with you guys soon."
"Is this because of that stupid doctor-patient confidentiality thing? Bruce isn't even here!"
When he first saw Steve, his jaw dropped.
They curled up together, Steve in the middle with Tony and Bucky’s arms wrapped around his waist and then Bucky’s large right wing draped over both of his lovers
sorry for the short chapter next chapter will be the interview. as usual thank you for reading and i hope you enjoy!
Tony's dick made a valiant attempt to twitch back to hardness at the feeling of Steve's knot expanding inside him and the hot cum flooding his hole. Tony ran a finger through the mess he made on Steve's chest and he brought it to his lips, Steve opened his mouth and licked it off of Tony’s fingers. Tony cleaned up most of the mess to the best of his ability and then collapsed onto Steve's chest out of exhaustion.
“How...” Loki grinned at Tony and Bruce's surprised expressions.
"Wow" a blush was crawling its way down Steve's back at Bruce's exclamation. He also strangely felt super exposed and it made his cock twitch in his pants.
“Where do you think you are going? I know you want it, just admit that you want it and we’ll give it to you.” Steven bowed his head and shook it slightly but remained silent. “If you are so stubborn on this, than explain Jack.” Steven flinched at the name and Tony must be worried because Steven heard him take a step towards them but he didn’t make any more advances and decided to see what happened.
“I am Bucky?”
"I cannot do that, sir." Tony let out a litany of curses.
Steve had led Bucky into his room and sat him on the bed as he went into the bathroom to get the washcloth and a bowl of warm water that Tony used on his wings that first time. As he was filling the bowl, he started thinking about Tony, he hadn't seen him in a while, not since he had brought Bucky in to medical. As he sat behind Bucky and wrung the washcloth he continued to think of Tony and all the times that he had done this for him. He decided that he couldn't do this, Tony knew how to wash wings better that Steve could, hell, Steve couldn't even reach his own wings to wash them so Tony had even more experience with them that he did.
“Jarvis give me a scan of these so called shrink rays.” when Tony asked a scan popped up on the H.U.D. The quinjet landed in a nearby clearing, the team filed out and started to take down the Hydra agents stationed around the park.
Green engulfed both Tony and then Steve. It didn’t hurt like it did the first time, it was more of an all over heat to his skin. The green leaked away and Tony stirred on the bed. Steve and Bucky pushed forward in time for those big doe eyes to flutter open. His forehead creased in confusion, but then he brought his hand up and took off the oxygen mask.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Loki.”
“Uhm, Steve? You ok? Wha-” Steve started scrambling for the suit, his fingers pulling the delicate pieces of metal apart. “STEVE! Steve, stop it must be that freaking slime, Fuck I knew something was wrong- NO not the distal power circuits. FUCK.” Tony couldn’t move now; Steve had ripped out the power supply to the limbs of the suit so now he was effectively paralyzed. The emergency release on the HUD clicked open and then Tony could feel the heat of Steve’s breath across his face. He looked ruined, his entire face was flushed and his hair was in disarray, his chest rising and falling quickly, his pupils dilated and his hands furiously pulling at the suit.
“Steve?” Bucky’s voice was like he had been eating glass shards, Steve and him shared a look before Steve nodded and got down on the floor where Tony was still crouched, he reached up and held the wing joint in one hand and took one of the damaged feathers in his other. Tony put his hand on Steve’s shoulder as it tensed to pull the feather and he stopped, looking at Tony before letting go of the feather, watching as Tony crawled back onto the bed next to Bucky and push into his personal space, Tony lifted Bucky’s right wing and slid over so they were sitting with their sides touching before he draped the wing over his shoulders and took Bucky’s flesh hand in his, Tony pulled Bucky’s head to rest next to the arc reactor. Steve sent him a surprised look, but it faded into something soft and Tony started to run his hand through Bucky’s hair as he gave Steve the go ahead to pull. Tony continued to slowly stroke Bucky’s hair as Steve pulled out all the damaged feathers.
“what do you think?” Tony’s head shot up at that, clearly surprised by it.
It happens before Steve can process what is going on, all the sudden he is in excruciating pain. It feels like he is being ripped in half and then he falls to the floor gasping for breath and groaning he hears the sound of the repulsors and a shout from the man then a thump of a body hitting the floor across the room.
The light atmosphere is soon gone when they get down the stairs to the sub-basement levels. It is eerie and the emergency lights are flashing dimly, there is no one to be found, it looks deserted.
The trance like state Steve was in was broken when Bucky curled over and hacked up blood, Steve’s legs pushed himself forward without his doing and brought him over to the wounded man. He took exactly enough time to breathe once, before he was running his hands over the body before him, looking for injuries and finding a broken rib. As he pulled the leather completely off of the man under him, a metal arm shot out and stopped his wrist, their eyes met and that was when Bucky’s wings unfurled from behind him where they had been pulled tightly around his body by the straps of the vest. They had black on the bottoms and a line of white that ran through the middle but on the joint it was electric blue that faded into black before the white stripe. Steve's wings opened as well and they touched each other, Steve’s were larger and they wrapped around Bucky’s as if to comfort them, when Steve looked back at Bucky there was confusion in his eyes but the tension in his shoulders had lessened so Steve took that as a good sign.
“Such,”
Steve placed himself on the far side of the room where the ramp started and the Avengers were on the other side by the showers. He spread his wings, but not fully yet, then he started up the ramp. As he ran, he moved his wings and he felt them catch on the air. He reached the ledge and jumped off, his wings opened fully with a ‘thwap’ and he pumped them up and down. When he opens his eyes, he was soaring high above the other superheroes, the tall ceiling of the training room allowing him space to beat his wings. He felt amazing, his heart was pounding as he slowly glided down to the others. when flying he was fine the issue was stopping. The others jumped out of the way before he hit them, but Tony didn’t react fast enough and was knocked over onto the mat, Steve landing on top of him.
