And that may have been true, but. Tony was freaking stubborn, and being told he couldn't do anything, well. It always encouraged him to find an alternative – for some reason, Steve, Pepper, Rhodey and Happy, depending on who was here to berate him afterwards, never seemed to like that alternative, especially when it involved self-sacrifice. Wonder why.
“You want the answers to your questions, V'ra, and I might give you some, or I could lie to you. It doesn't matter, though, not so much as the reason why we're here, why we've come, only the six of us, to 'attack' your empire. I cannot speak for the others, obviously, and you cannot trust me to be honest here, either, but you have to consider that, even if I wasn't being truthful, the reason I'm going to give you is a valid reason to do what we've done. It's a reason some people, if maybe not me in particular should I be lying, could use to do the exact same thing. It's the reason no one will judge us for, because they will not believe it, because it is easier to believe in arrogance and errors of judgment than to consider that sometimes, there is no sure way to do the right thing, and you have to make a choice, with the risk that you are doing the wrong one. Because it is easier to judge someone for what they did without acknowledging that you may not have done any better, worse even, perhaps, in the same situation, than to accept that everything in this reality is the result of a compromise. Should I endanger myself against a stronger opponent, should I have the arrogance to make a decision for others when a decision has to be made and no one has the legitimity to do so, I am still doing it with the hope that it will right a wrong, or at least prevent said wrong to be worsened. Everything has a price, and sometimes it is cheap, and sometimes it is not, and not everyone will agree on what is an acceptable price for what result, but those who are ready to sacrifice absolutely everything to save one simple thing are quite obviously missing some very basic logic. You can't not acknowledge that said one thing is part of the everything you are sacrificing. What good are principles if they do not protect anyone?”
It happened.
Steve looked uneasy, and yet determined.
But none quite as problematic as Stark, right?
Tony wondered how much it hurt Steve to admit that – or if he was just saying it not to look like an asshole but without actually believing it.
Tony forced himself not to falter under the strength of the moral hit, but couldn't stop himself from making a face – a pathetic one, at that, if the way Falcon winced afterwards told him anything.
It didn't look like Steve wanted to hear it, but tough luck. Nothing Tony could say was something Steve wanted to hear, if only because he didn't want the truth, and abhorred lies.
Just thinking about it made him shudder. The security nightmare it would be, with all the old and new labs and the various secret projects that had been created in the mansion, both in his father's time and now... And of course, this was Tony's home, the place he had grown up in, the recipient of his – admittedly rarely that good – childhood memories. Tony didn't want random strangers to sully whatever was left of his mother's voice in his memory by speaking loudly all around the place, he didn't want them to make themselves at home when he hardly knew them.
First, the Tony Stark imagined by Franklin Richards had been trash – or, rather, the make-belive life story made up so that they wouldn't notice they had just been reincarnated into another world had made him a freaking bastard, and that? That hurt. Tony knew Franklin Richards – not well, but he'd seen the kid a few times – and he'd have hoped the child didn't think... that, of him. Because Counter-Earth had been made-up by Franklin's subconscious, so it held to reason that whatever false history had filled in the gapes of that world had came from some part of his imagination.
A sigh, and Peter was looking around. Steve heard a siren not far away, and decided they could move away from the mugger, before the police got here, and without risk of him getting away.
“...Do you want to grab a drink?”
Steve, after all, did not make mistakes in the field. The mistakes he made were of an entirely different kind, and because they didn't result in immediate deaths, it was all too easy to pretend they weren't mistakes to begin with.
Miss Potts glared him down again, and Steve shut up. He understood that, maybe she was angry at him – no maybe about it, she definitely was – but this... This wasn't all his fault. It wasn't... Tony had done his fair share of it, too. And Steve had been the one who'd ended up killed, not Tony, so really what was this about?
“Why are you betraying your people?”
She didn't punch him, so there was that.
Again, unable to see the obvious. Unable to get that, if Iron Man refused to show himself, well. The most obvious explanation was that Steve did know him already. That Steve knew him, and didn't like him. Hated him.
“Good to see you alive. Not that I didn't know about it, but, you know how it is. We hear a lot of things in our line of work. Not all of them turn out to be true.”
Still.
Friends who didn't know he was Tony Stark, behind the mask, and so who didn't make assumptions about who he really was, about what he actually wanted out of all the superheroing. Tony Stark shouldered all the bad parts of his life, and Iron Man got not to deal with those.
The truth was, Tony did not think back on Steve's possible infatuation with Iron Man right away. Oh, sure, he kept an eye open, but he had other things to think about, and since there was no way for him to even envisage a functioning, less alone a healthy relationship on that front, Tony just ...didn't dwell on it much – for clarification, yes, he dwelled on Iron Man's friendship with Cap and the antagonism Steve displayed about Tony Stark, which was habitual at that point, but he didn't dwell on a potential romantic relationship.
“Not falling for the compliment, Steve. And yes, maybe you did something different for once, you have the right to do that, of course, but what I want to know is if you actually know that you did it for those reasons or if you're only guessing.”
If possible he'd rather not die at all, of course, and he'd do everything for that to happen on top of protecting everyone else, and maybe the other – hypothetical – person would be able to ensure that while Steve got the marshal out of the way, but if he absolutely had to...
He was stuttering. Stop it.
Out of nowhere his legs buckled under him, and Tony ended up on the floor.
It was hatred in Captain America's eyes, as Steve picked up the shield and made to leave.
Which begged the question of what, exactly, she wasn't surprised with.
“At least you do look like yourself, now. Must be the haircut.”
Steve had to commend the marshal who kept an eye one him, because so far he'd only twitched and not said a word about the fact that Captain America was mumbling under his breath and visibly discussing with someone who wasn't there. Maybe he thought that was normal when dealing with a grumpy Captain America.
She jerked back – and wasn't that a perfect illustration of Tony's life, he mused, as he saw her try to be there for him and immediately draw back because of something he wasn't responsible for.
He'd have talked to Nick, except Nick had ignored his call, and sent Hill in his stead. Which, okay. Something was definitely going on. Fury generally tried not to avoid Steve unless there was something he really, really didn't want to lie to him about, but would have to.
And, obviously, no prodding, and a reluctant tone that meant Steve wasn't interested in knowing more – not that Tony'd have taken him on the offer, because even if he had had a lapse in judgment, this was not about him.
He coughed.
“I mean, that's what I heard. It's not like I'm an Avengers anymore, these days. Maybe I got it wrong, maybe there was another reason. But, it sounds about right. Considering.”
Steve's hands clenched, as did his jaws. He was getting really, really done with not being told things – it wasn't Misty's fault, of course, not unless she did the exact same thing, which she hadn't done yet, but her words sure confirmed what he already knew: there was something he was missing, and it was something he should know about, except the people who should have told him just... hadn't.
Extremis flickered back into life, and...
Then again, it could easily lead you to overlook the possibility of you being wrong – something that, ironically, Tony had often been accused of. It could make one wonder how much worse it would be for someone almost no one ever confronted about their screw-ups – because yes, Steve did have skeletons in his closet, but Tony had always been there to tidy up behind him, to take care of the political toes on which Steve kept stamping down, to make sure that despite Steve's utter lack of sensibility the Avengers, and heroes in general, could continue to operate without hell raining on them, and, more importantly, to make it so that Steve wouldn't notice how much work this really was.
Tony didn't have much doubt about how this was going to be, when Steve had first called, but he sure as hell had hoped this would go better than this. Yet, there was a limit to what he could endure without definitely shattering Steve's illusion of righteousness and friendship with a single reveal that would make everything worse.
To be honest, Steve wasn't quite sure when, how, or why exactly it happened.
Tony went to the lab, put on the armor, and came back to the kitchen, all that without thinking about the fact that Steve was more comfortable being friend with the mask than with the man.
Time to break the promise. To give Steve the truths he didn't want, because there were no truth he would want.
And Tony had...
That did sound familiar, didn't it?
What if... If – again, a big if – he wasn't the one with a problem – aside from all the other problems the situation was causing him, that was – if someone was orchestrating all this...
And, for the first time in years, Tony didn't answer to the enthusiasm with a smile of his own – granted, Steve generally couldn't see it because of the helmet, but still, usually when Steve smiled like that Tony managed to smile back, even if it was sad or not entirely honest.
Instead, he just went on and let Iron Man be Steve's friend, even as he knew that the contrary wasn't true and would never be, no matter what Cap thought on the matter – Tony, him, knew who Iron Man really was, and it was thus painfully obvious that Steve would never be Iron Man AKA Tony Stark's friend.
They might not have to fight, this time.
What had this been...
Peter's babbling died down.
A very disturbing recollection of Thanos tearing Iron Man's head off – Nebula had gotten the Infinity Gauntlet afterwards and put everything back in place, Tony had gotten better, no need to make that face – interrupted the conversation, and Rhodes shifted on his feet.
Tony Stark, useless.
He stopped – no one said anything, not yet, at least, because there still was some respect for Captain America, even amongst SHIELD, apparently – and turned his head to look.
Which was impossible, because Tony was twenty-two and had never seen the man before.
Yeah, but. He already has a self-destruct plan, in case the world went crazy and decided someone like, say, Gyrich, should be at the head of SHRA – not that Gyrich was, in facts, a bad man, but while he didn't hate superheroes his level of distrust towards them was generally so counterproductive it could overshadow any actual good intent – and Tony had to destroy the database entirely and hightail it out of here, and while he might not need the memory feature, depending on the situation, he'd still have to get rid of the various armors he had left around the world, just in case, and for that he couldn't go with a quick delete.
Perhaps Tony Stark had a chance with Steve Rogers.
It might be a necessity – up to a point – but it wasn't a freaking principle, to keep your identity to yourself.
So all he did was go on and let Steve think what he wanted. That Tony was a control freak. That there was nothing redeemable about him.
“Are you calling me naive?”
He picked up the glass, took three steps to stand in front of Tony.
Tony sighed and tilted his head. He didn't want to ask, but well. Collecting data for future interactions trumped taking care of his feelings, which were likely to resurface painfully once he'd be out of here.
Except some of the things the ghost said were damn hard to ignore and not confront – but he'd also found out that confronting the ghost wasn't always in Steve's favor, because the ghost of Tony Stark was just as infuriating as the man himself, and thus arguing with him was rarely satisfying.
It was the right move too, to take his stolen technology off the market. It didn't matter that nobody else saw it, because they weren't the ones whose powers were being used for evil – they didn't understand, anyway, because people with powers, or physical skills, were much more difficult to steal from than scientists or engineers like Tony Stark, who had no say about what their creations were used for afterwards. If Hank could get Ultron off the table forever and ever, Tony had no doubts that his friend would do what was necessary even if it broke a few laws.
After a time, Steve – without stopping with the snuggling, of course – loosened his hold onto Tony and ruffled his hair.
Something moved on the other side of him, the sound of rushed footsteps across the crowd, almost drowned out by the voices around them, and Steve wondered if someone else had seen it too, if perhaps...
He'd have said something about how extremists and heroes had a thing in common, that they were always stubborn in their views of the world – and they had to be, or the first ones wouldn't be able to do the horrors they did, and the second ones would doubt too often to be efficient – and that meant that, the one time heroes were wrong they also were as unlikely to see it in time as terrorists were, but comparing Steve to those people was not something he wanted to do in any circumstances, so.
They destroyed Ultron each and every time the blasted AI made itself a new version and went on a rampage trying to kill Hank, eradicate Humanity, and the like. How was this any different?
Steve could say he felt angry that he was forbidden to speak for himself, but also rather thankful, because he had nothing to say right now, not considering what he was here to do, not in this situation, not without undermining his own plans – standing proud of his choices, but acknowledging that it had gone too far this time.
He made to leave, but stopped – what the hell, he'd already said so much, he could go all the way, couldn't he?
“But I... know I can't do this without you, Shellhead. I'm so sorry.”
Tony had made a shield for the Captain, and that was probably going to come back and bite him in the ass later, but he still intended to give it to Steve, because that was the right thing to do.
She'd come around to her point soon enough.
Steve's head whipped around, and yes, there, the red dot on the marshal's jacket.
“If you won't accept his apologies, then maybe you'll accept mine.”
He'd done...
So he stared at fake-him for a moment, and eventually nodded. The skrull sighed – what was certain was that he was making a show of demonstrating his “worry” – before helping him up.
Steve's upper lip twitched, amused for a moment.
Steve grinned at him, and Tony decided to just enjoy the advantages of only being Iron Man, and not himself.
In fact, he wasn't good for anything anymore, so he'd just take himself out of the equation entirely.
Steve had gone to sleep at 23:12 with Tony Stark's ghost listing all the ways things could go wrong for him during the upcoming trial, supposing he didn't get shot again – or possibly altogether erased from time by Kang, who knew? – with the slight hope that maybe he'd actually dreamed the alternate timeline – or dimension, perhaps, the ghost was confusing him – and he only really had to deal with the ghost.
“Hmm?”
And she stood up from her seat, but Steve – Steve needed more, she knew something, and she wasn't telling him, and he didn't care if she didn't have proof, he had to know, he...
Miss Potts put a stack of paper together, her eyes still on him, and as Steve watched her tidy up the corners, he felt like she was doing it on purpose. Like she'd throw it at his face if she wasn't so controled.
“Thank you for your continued support, Mr. Stark.”
The words that followed didn't really matter – even if he didn't stop and went on anyway – because just after Tony opened his mouth to talk, he saw it.
Tony laughed, again. Here Steve was, making assumptions, as always.
“Doesn't matter. So did everyone else.”
The reminder of times past, when he still believed he might have a place to belong, should he only provide it to those who would accept him – turned out they'd rather take it and throw him out, but that was another story.
What if it had been only Tony Stark, but the subsequent consequences had made them realize that he was Iron Man? Realize what kind of power they had access to?
It wasn't just Steve, at that. Mantis and the Defenders were giving him weird looks whenever they thought he wasn't paying attention – not Strange, though, because Strange was a bit too involved with worrying over Dormammu and him and Namor had already known, anyway. Speaking of him, Namor had looked at him, given the others a long look – especially Steve – and snorted without a word. Even T'Challa wasn't commenting, and Tony was reasonably sure the king had had his own guess on the matter. The only one who'd even bothered talking to him was Don, who was facing his own identity reveal with a forced expression of indifference and a glare at anyone who even looked at his walking stick while Tony helped him along the tortuous paths of the Dark Dimension.
Not that Steve had disappointed him so far – though Steve did disappoint a number of times, he still ended up doing exactly what Tony thought he would.
So he smiled again.
Once again, Tony wasn't the one who left first.
Inquiring about how he was doing, right.
He was going to keep him that way.
Steve was staring at his hands, focusing on the problem at hand – and being consequently oblivious to all the other problems that would follow.
Cap fell into position.
Then, just before his eyes, she shifted back into her original form – green hair cut shorter than last time, actually.
Anyway. Tony and Pepper, even while they'd given up on anything intimate with each other, still loved each other. They couldn't – and wouldn't, not with Happy in the picture, not with him out of it, not after everything – be couple, because it hurt too much now – and Steve, well. Steve knew about that, didn't he? He'd tried, and tried, and tried, with Sharon, but each try seemed like more of a catastrophe, perhaps because they were pretending everything between them hadn't happened, a bit more each time, and now...
Misty looked around, at the wary eyes around them, and Steve couldn't help but notice how they were eyeing her bionic arm, couldn't help but wonder if they recognized him – if they were afraid of Misty Knight and Captain America, because she might try to defend herself, and she had a right to, except they couldn't, not against her, not against him, and if they got caught in the middle, that was what it would boild down to. Because supers didn't answer to anyone, not unless they wanted to.
Steve looked pissed – as usual, then – gave a look at Iron Man's hand, at the helicopters above them, at the general scene, and...
And...
Luke was nodding next to Peter, so apparently he'd read that in the papers too, and of course Tony couldn't remember a thing but he did have a brain and...
After all, Steve wanted to leave and hope that the surviving krees would punish the Supreme Intelligence themselves. As if they didn't have better things to do, right now, like organizing their survival, like they wouldn't just lynch the supercomputer if they knew, worse, like there would be anyone to tell them what had happened now that Atlas had gone kamikaze and after the Avengers would be “gone” – not that they'd believe the word of the Avengers more than the Supreme Intelligence's if they stayed to explain, just like Atlas hadn't believed it until Minerva admitted knowing all about it, and she was dead too. Like the Supreme Intelligence would be honest with the remaining krees and tell them he had happily slaughtered their families and friends – and even should the Shi'ar get there in time to do anything about the Supreme Intelligence, they would destroy it all the same; maybe they'd go through its knowledge in the most damaging ways beforehand, so it wasn't like anything better would come out of it.
Because that was all it ever went back to.
He frowned at Peter's lack of any kind of disguise – Peter looked common enough, so Steve guessed he could still blend in, but he had also gone on TV by Tony's suggestion, so – and asked an important question, which was entirely not a redirection from a potentially distressing realization.
Peter stared at the newspapers as if they weren't real – or potentially talking about something else, like the proliferation of spiders and how they were entirely not related to Spider-Man, thanks, Jameson – for a moment, blinked, and eventually looked back at Steve with a tentative smile – as if to say, a problem, no, what problem? Nothing problematic here, let's move on.
He stared at the bottle of whiskey on his desk – the one he kept around just because it would tell him how close he was to temptation and when he had to do something about it – at the full glass next to it.
But...
Anyway, Steve wasn't done. There was still the usual reproach, the one which ended every argument lately, the one Tony couldn't dispel for obvious reasons, and Steve thought voided everything else Iron Man could say.
He put on a smile.
Steve tried – failed – to ignore the obvious association his mind immediately made over the mention of drinks – Tony, not listening to him, refusing to get better, as if to spite Steve, but no, of course not, it hadn't been...
And that was only one of the reasons why he couldn't let anyone see the slightest weakness in his facade.
Somehow.
Steve looked at him for a moment, lips pinched, as if he hadn't yet heard the question – or rather, as if someone had put him on pause the time to comprehend the question.
Peter tensed under his hand, and Steve wondered if it was something he'd said.
He could, of course, reveal himself, but given the state and anger she was in, it probably wouldn't do any good – it might even pit her against Iron Man even more than she already was, seeing as no one wanted to consider that Tony Stark could be a hero, so obviously if Iron Man was Tony Stark then it meant Iron Man wasn't a hero.
Not that Steve listened to Sersi, the Black Knight, Vision or Hercules – on that matter, everyone knew this was not Thor with a new taste in beards, and what exactly had happened to his favorite norsen... – there were more important problems here.
Tony looked at his outstretched hands, inviting his trust, and laughed as he shook his head.
Maybe there was...
Stark, anyway, barely gave him a look, before looking at – something else. Probably focusing on external feeds thanks to Extremis, given that he didn't seem to be looking at anything in particular, but still had that focused look of his on.
Steve blinked at this beginning of a bad joke, and turned his head back to look at Stark, who was still sitting in his chair, eyebrows raised.
Except.
That was what the files told him. Gorlovitch, Kellard, Tanzerian, Karzai, Lemar.
“Mind if I join you?”
He seemed so goddamn happy to see “Shellhead”, Tony almost felt like tearing the helmet off and throwing it onto the table, right before Steve's eyes, before storming off with a comment about how this was the one Cap wanted to talk to, obviously – but, aside from the fact that Tony absolutely had to keep his identity a secret, aside from the fact that it would be very immature too, Tony was almost certain Steve would somehow conclude the unpleasant Tony Stark had gone and taken Iron Man's armor because he was a jerk, rather than because he was Iron Man.
A hard look settled on her face – Steve wasn't certain if it was towards himself, Tony, or the ones who hadn't told him about whatever was going on, though. For all he knew, it was for all of them lumped together.
People believed in Iron Man.
The Avengers were good, but the Avengers weren't just anyone. They were Tony's – Iron Man's friends. The new memories of the mansion he made, with them in it, were just as precious as the old ones.
Finaly, to apologize, if not for what was done, at least for the way it was done. He had not intended to get that angry, to be so... callous, even if he believed what he had done to have been necessary. He guessed it was seeing the results of the nega-bomb, the dead – Tony wasn't a seasoned soldier, not like Steve was, and if he had seen horrible things... they weren't quite the same kind as this. Perhaps, too, the fact that he wouldn't be alive to pick up the pieces if the Supreme Intelligence did it again, if it had to be stopped a second time, and while he didn't believe himself to be quite so important to the universe as to be the only solution against whatever would have come had he not destroyed it, he didn't want his legacy to be an unresolved threat.
At some point from there, things happened. Several things. Which one exactly was the cause for this, he didn't know. But they all mattered, one way or another – if not all were about the matter at hand.
Tony Stark now had a new heart, and apparently no use for it.
He wondered who Steve was imagining, under the Iron Man persona. What kind of man – certainly not Tony, that much was clear.
Not that he had been expecting anyone else to be there.
Steve finished packing his things from his hospital room – so, basically, his uniform – under the glare of the marshal who'd been landed with keeping an eye on a grumpy Captain America before he got transferred back to his cell / apartment awaiting his second trial – or attempt at it thereof.
With some hesitation, Tony resigned himself to use the Internet to look for gay porn, to confirm or infirm what he thought was going on with his sexual orientation – he didn't really want to, but that was better than him deciding to try guys while wasted – should he fall down the wagon again – only to discover he wouldn't enjoy it, if he was right and this wasn't him just turning bisexual over the night and for no particular reason.
Let's let it all out, then. The actual reason why Steve hated him so.
But this wasn't about him, not this time – not ever – and he needed to... to stop it, somehow, and right now he didn't know how to but his feet – okay, GPS system, same thing – had brought him here, and perhaps Steve would have an idea, perhaps they'd manage to stop it, to make sure no one else died because of him.
Then he'd wonder if maybe the problem was that he should have felt it the second time too, and he hadn't.
Did she think...?
He agreed.
Tech he put on the market himself was different. That was something he'd deemed “safe”, or at least, safe enough. The Iron Man technology wasn't something he had deemed safe, because it wasn't. And who knew what kind of things someone who didn't have his ethics, or worse, his skills, could turn his tech into – modifications he had thought about, for some, but that he had refused to make, or modifications that he hadn't been foolish enough to try.
The credibility it'd cost them, back during the meeting.
Which meant she was here to keep an eye on him – which, considering Hill was finally starting to get a bit better at not doing stupid things in regards to Cap, was not that terrible, though potentially problematic if he wanted to try and foment a discussion with the bullheaded asshole.
Tony tried not to lie too much to Cap, though, or at least not to unless it was necessary. Most of the time he delt in omissions and half-truths. Here, saying the truth would only be a recipe for disaster.
Or perhaps it was Steve who wasn't paying attention, because five minutes later he noticed they both had a beer and he hadn't even noticed it getting there. He stared dumbfoundedly at the bottle for a moment, blinked, and decided it really wasn't that important.
From what he'd gathered, the attempt against May Parker's life had been one of the reasons Peter had left the New Avengers a few months after Steve's death, but not the only reason. The fact that she'd survived, in the end, had helped, of course, but after the break-up between Peter and MJ – it hadn't lasted, and maybe it had been a good thing, too, because they seemed to be better than ever, now, after some time apart to think about things – and his secret identity that wasn't so secret anymore, Spider-Man had said he needed to stop crime-fighting for a while. He was back at it with Steve's return, though.
“Tony, I really hope you have an explanation for...”
Eitherway, it all boiled down to the fact that Howard hadn't only been a drunk, but also a mean drunk – Tony couldn't say for sure, of course, but he was under the impression that, himself, he was more of a sad drunk and went mean only when pushed. Not that he'd ever ask someone for confirmation.
But there was no way Tony could say that and be listened to, not without saying who Iron Man was, not while admitting who Iron Man was, either – at least, this way Steve still had some faith in Iron Man left.
It wasn't everyday that Tony had a good day, and he saw no reason not to be content about this one, even if it wasn't yet completely finished. All that was left was the signing of treaty and a public meeting.
What he knew, too, was that he probably wouldn't have felt the need – that it wouldn't have become a need – to cross that line if more people had been there to help him, to shoulder some of the responsibilities for him, with him, but the facts were that those who were willing to do that generally weren't qualified, and those who were qualified generally weren't willing. Or worse, that they were qualified, willing, but not trustworthy to handle it the way it should be. So far, only Fury, at SHIELD, and the various chairmen of the Avengers were doing that as it was supposed to be done. And it wasn't like Tony could delegate his personal life, in order to have more time for the other things.
“Yours?”
Try as you might, Stark, but it will never be enough.
Now they were all – Namor, Reed, Charles, Blackbolt, Strange and him – imprisoned.
Tony shrugged, though that was barely visible with the armor on.
What did Steve come up with as an explanation to his friend's actions, that completely disregarded any illusion of respect for his capacity of judgment the moment said capacity of judgment did not endorse Steve's own?
He didn't take the helmet off.
“It didn't. It... didn't matter to me. But now, with Registration, with everything... You're standing for accountability. For transparency. And no one knows who you are. Not even the Avengers. Hell, even when I had a secret identity to the public, it was never secret to you. You've known my name from the beginning.”
Well. Time to affirm – once again – what he had been implying for years, he guessed.
Maybe both.
He tried again.
Maybe... training, or at least an evaluation of people's powers and skills was necessary. But if they played their cards right, they could manage to keep enlistement an option, rather than mandatory, and perhaps a system of independent, but licensed, superheroes.
Yeah, he couldn't say he was really surprised when Cap dodged, but he still didn't get the poi...
Of course, that also meant they could do it even without him having done anything to deserve it, but well. Everything was a compromise – in this case, between his safety and the safety of others. Between his rights and theirs.
Just not enough for Steve to even consider that he might be wrong about some of his assumptions, right?
“And I thank you for that, Emma. But the fact that you protected my secret identity doesn't have any bearing on my stance here. Registration is happening, and you know why. Or would you pretend you aren't looking in my head right now?”
As for Tony, well. He'd take Captain America liking Iron Man and not Tony Stark, if that was all he was allowed. It was better than nothing, really. Cap could have not liked Iron Man either.
He'd just fallen asleep in his hospital room, after a glaring contest with the ghost who claimed not to be Stark – well, Steve had glared, and the ghost with a dead man's face had simply smirked at him after having claimed not to be that dead man, as if it was Steve's turn to speak and he wouldn't say a word until Steve did, which had gotten on the supersoldier's nerves and they'd ended up not saying anything for two hours, give or take.
“I... You have to be right, there's something going on and we have to find out what. But, it doesn't change the fact that I love you for who you are right now, and that whatever the actual truth is, I'm not going to give up on you, you hear that? You said it yourself, we're good together. So, whatever this is? However it happened? I'm keeping it, and if there are problems with the truth we'll just have to do better, to be better.”
Tony's mouth formed a cool smile – understanding, apologetic, totally fake but not to the eye of those who didn't know him.
Tony squinted at him – self? – for the duration of the trip, but when they dematerialized from the spaceship and onto a teleportation chamber next to a big hole where mutates were being slaved into mining antarctic vibranium, he had to admit that, if anything, the skrull hadn't lied as to where they were going.
Not exactly a good prospect.
If that was what he thought of Iron Man...
He was about to leave, but saw something on Cap's face, as if he wanted to say something, but didn't quite know how – or even what, for the matter.
The Kree Supreme Intelligence decided it had to kick-start Kree evolution by getting rid of all those whose genetics weren't good enough to survive the freaking bomb – no wonder Steve had survived, considering, but at the time they had gotten there and seen the disaster, the Avengers hadn't known exactly what had happened except that the whole planet was devastated – and Steve was of the opinion that they should just let the damned thing turned on. It wasn't even a person so much as a melting of thousands of consciousness, an egomaniacal computer, and while a case could be made about it having an actual sentience, like Vision, it was still a mass-murderer – how many times had the Avengers destroyed a version of Ultron?
Then things happened, and Hank lost it – there was something that didn't quite add up with the whole story, but given Hank's antecedents, and the fact that Tony had no proof of any foul play aside from Hank's, he had to admit, for now, that it really seemed like Hank had done it, this time.
Always, always the same old song. Consistency at its finest. Steve, never questioning the reasoning he'd so carefully constructed over the years to explain why Iron Man didn't luw him as much as he did Tony Stark, no matter the hints that maybe there was a much simpler explanation dropped along the years – come on, after Counter-Earth, you'd think Steve, if no one else, would have questioned why exactly Tony Stark was nowhere to be found whenever Iron Man was whisked away to another world.
Had something happened to Jarvis?
“You're included. He's an egomaniac on a goddamn power trip. This time it just happens to be legal. It's not as if he would care if it wasn't."
“Not that you have to, son. Just, if one day...”
“Not mind-control exactly. To be exact, Kang claims he had that idea some time ago to go back and start brainwashing me into being his mindless servant, and it just started actually working a few months ago, but I'm sceptic. I mean, okay, fine, I can understand the logic and why it wouldn't have been useful to him sooner, considering the crossing timelines and the fact that he couldn't start using that advantage too soon or it'd happen before he got the idea to do that and then we'd have a nice mess of unraveling timelines, which, for someone like Kang, can easily turn into complete annihilation. But it just doesn't quite work as an explanation, because I'm not entirely convinced of the bullshit he fed me, and if I'm not now, I don't see how he could have managed to 'brainwash' me earlier with the very same bullshit. My running theory is that he's been using my all-new, all-shiny hightech nervous system to mess with my brain and possibly my hormonal imbalance.”
Tony's laugh was dry and hard to his own ears, and he almost feared that Steve would take it the wrong way, but right now they had more pressing problems and he had to make the supersoldier see that.
Why was he always in a cell whenever a skrull wanted to talk down to him?
So Iron Man only said he was offering his help on Mr. Stark's behalf, if they wanted him.
He stood up – still naked, don't think about the aliens seeing absolutely everything, don't think about it – and walked to the energy wall, stopping only to stand at a few inches of the – very interesting, might he add – open end of his cell.
Just as much as Steve thought Tony innocent.
Instead, he brought up his hands, in an universal gesture of defense – though the fact that he was wearing a suit of armor with weapons in the palms might make it rather not defensive...
He wasn't talking about whoever was doing this – what if it was Tony? What if he'd blown a fuse, finally, what if...
Not that he was the most hypocritical person here.
He had to wonder, really, how Steve could actually be so single-minded as to put it all on him, all the time, without failure nor remorse, and not even consider the possibility that perhaps there was a reason for it all, other than...
“I am Iron Man, sir. And you are either going to give me the possibility to adapt SHRA to the supers with the most problematic positions, or you are going to put me in that database without my accord. Eitherway, you have Iron Man's identity. The question, now, is whether or not you want his cooperation too.”
Tony finished Steve's sentence for him, because he didn't want to listen to him struggling to say something he didn't really feel, at least not in any way that mattered.
Not Iron Man, but Tony Stark.
“Anyway. You have to consider, you've been telling everyone that superheroes don't need oversight, that they don't make mistakes, and that when they do they police themselves. That they know what is right and what is wrong.”
And, as always, he'd be judged for not staying, for not being able to put aside his “personal” feelings for the happiness of the lucky couple, of the ones who called themselves his friends – Steve, though, Steve wouldn't get any heat for having done that first. Because Iron Man was fair game, but Captain America never did anything wrong.
There was so much there he could address, starting with the way Steve seemed so down with spitting on Tony's friends, on his own friends, who had risked their lives just as often as most other veterans superheroes, who deserved more than what Captain America was giving them here, no matter their flaws. True, on a rather more PR level, Reed and Hank didn't rank as high as Iron Man, especially as Reed was shit at human interraction, and Hank had Ultron and That One Time in his wake, but Steve knew next to nothing about PR, so this stung coming from him.
But Tony would never potentially endanger innocents just to stick the fact that he was right – on some point at least – under Steve's nose. That'd be arrogant and petty as hell.
He'd stood against SHRA because he believed that, indeed, superheroes would hold themselves accountable without the need for governmental supervision, so perhaps he should start there. Show them that indeed, just because he was Captain America, he wasn't going to ignore his mistakes.
He put the armor back on, and walked out of the bathroom.
Not Steve, obviously.
Steve seemed rather put out by his tone – and, alright, Extremis might have made the voice modulator sleeker, but come on, it still wasn't a human voice, how could he even tell?
At one point, Tony might even have believed him.
“Since when does Captain America surrender?! Loser!”
“Iron Man. I gave you Iron man, didn't I. And the rest of the Avengers.”
“Is it the money? Whatever he's paying you... God, Shellhead, I have money now, I have that back pay, however much you need, whatever you need... anything, anything at all, you can have it, just come with me...”
Just as Sam put him down on the roof of a building – just as Steve's innards seemed to slosh inside him – he caught a glance of someone running away from the marshals and the agents, who couldn't shoot because of the crowd.
Third, he now remembered murdering three innocent women while under Kang's control, and injuring Jan to the point that Hank had had to save her using weird science – yeah, at that point, even Tony called it weird science, not that he didn't do some of that himself occasionally – and while we were at it, murder / suiciding himself – not that it mattered much since he had been the only one injured there.
“Get the fuck out of my flat.”
Wilson looked at him without saying a word for a long time, as if he was trying to make things fit in his mind and he didn't quite like the look of it.
Tony took in the sight of Steve, up and ready to leave, one last time in Avengers Tower.
Their destined opportunity to fight without the faceplate, the two of them against the evil, megalomaniac, power-mongering Anthony Edward Stark? No loyalty to Iron Man's employer to keep them separate, the two of them – plus or minus a few dozens of superheroes – against the world? The epic end of a love story written in the stars?
Steve, of course, did not return the feeling.
He was purely broken, this time, and there was no coming back from that. Especially not as coming back from it wouldn't just ask of him to get himself out of the bottle, but also to shoulder all his responsibilities again, no real time to adjust back to being Tony Stark, because that wasn't how it happened for him, never, he didn't get a break unless he'd planned it carefully himself and even then there was always the possibility of something urgent and life-threatening occurring during his vacation. The real world didn't allow for people to come back gradually, to get the time to heal themselves before being thrown out to the sharks again, or if it did, it also made an exception for him and it was either “be Tony Stark” or “be the drunk no one cares about”.
Tony fell next to Steve, exhausted – his lungs, burning – and barely managed to bring his right arm over his face, not entirely sure why anymore, but it was important and...
Of course Steve was surprised. It wasn't like Tony at all to offer to help with what he could, was it?
“Yeah, of course. Just, they don't have the data to go after us when we aren't intervening.”
One again, Tony had that urge to hurl the empty helmet at Steve Rogers and stomp away, but that was, once again, unpractical on so many points – secret identity, the fact that they weren't even on the same coast, and, again, the utter lack of faith in Tony's word – he had to bite down any possible retort.
And suddenly it was obvious, the link between what Iron Man had been telling Steve and the look at the file, the fact that of course Bucky Barnes, should he be actually alive for once, would be out there assassinating people – that was what brainswashing usually led to, Tony had the statistics – on some villain's orders.
Yeah, right, short.
But, admitting that would be admitting that Steve Rogers could be petty and judgmental, and they couldn't have that, could they?
Everyone turned to stare at him, and several of them made a move to come to him, Steve first.
He was feeling numb, all of a sudden. No more tears. No more anger.
Tony Stark, on the other hand, would still come by, would still be Steve's friend if he ever got there, even when Iron Man would be out of comission. And perhaps between the two of him – oh God, what a weird way to think – Tony would manage to be there for Steve every now and then. When “Iron Man” wouldn't be able to be available without it seeming suspicious, Tony Stark could still come into the library and speak with Steve when neither of them were able to sleep. If it came to that, Tony could even decide to live at the mansion all the time, instead of splitting his nights between SI, his penthouse and the mansion, if Steve really didn't get better and needed someone to be there constantly...
But he couldn't let those doubts keep him from acting, could he? Or else he'd never do anything again.
Steve's answer was biting and angry.
“I've always been bisexual.”
Carol grabbed his arm – it would have been light, if he hadn't been able to feel the tension in her grip – and pushed him towards the door.
“At first, I thought it was Extremis. That it had made him... different. That it wasn't quite Tony I was fighting. Not anymore. That he wasn't really human anymore, he wasn't himself, and... Maybe a shadow of who he used to be. I thought... I thought it was all a power grab of some kind, but... “
“Surprise.”
Before he could react she had a – spray, was that a spray? Tony wasn't feeling well, again, and considering that he'd still not felt that good and it was basically getting worse he really, really didn't like it – she was spraying his face and he felt wobbly for a moment.
The sound of glass cracking, of feathers and wings – did Falcon manage to call in his special reinforcements?
Captain America looked at them in anger and disgust poorly disguised as... Tony didn't even known what it was supposed to be, but that was why it was a poor disguise, wasn't it?
Happy's life-support was beeping stubbornly next to him – except it wasn't, was it, Tony wasn't there, he was alone in his apartment, he was alone, he wasn't next to Happy, but still he could patch into the video surveillance, he could hear the beeps, he could be here and there, and most of all, he knew.
This was probably the last time they'd talk, after all. And if telling him who he was now would just be cruel, apologizing wouldn't. So he'd try, for everything he could think of.
The face Steve did at that could barely pass for a smile to someone who knew him, and Steve might not be aware of it, but Tony did know him.
Tony didn't move for what felt like a long time. Waiting for the next blow. For the explosion of anger, which wasn't coming.
Jarvis had just called him, saying that they thought Steve was going to wake up soon, and here he was, Iron Man – of course, not Tony Stark – sitting next to Steve Rogers' bed – Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, who'd been sleeping for something like fifty-one hours since Red Skull had gotten at him and Tony had performed CPR to save his life.
“You decided this doesn't concern you, T'Challa, or at least that it doesn't concern you in this way, when you claimed Wakanda's neutrality.”
He would.
Everything was going... as well as it ever went, especially when you considered that Tony had had to take over “Dell Rusk”'s position as Secretary of Defense – a job he didn't want, but someone had needed to take care of the various messes left behind by Skull and Tony and the President had thought it was better to compromise and get him in the position than to have Stark Enterprise suing the government for using patented inventions without his authorization and while being grossly undercompetent with those and generally endangering the public – continue being Iron Man – yes, he'd told the President, and the President alone, compromise, you get it – stop being Tony Stark, CEO of SE – that one felt weird, to be honest – and be in an actual election – not that he was used to having people leering at him in hope of a scandal or anything.
Happy deserved better than that.
Steve believed in their community's ability to police itself, in the fact that they didn't need to be policed, but would that change the fact that Tony was dead – would it have done anything, had Steve been less lenient towards Bucky after the cosmic cube brought him back? Bucky, of course, didn't deserve to be punished for what he'd been forced to do as the Winter Soldier, but maybe Steve should have pushed him to get help – not too much, but just enough. Maybe then Bucky's first reaction to seeing Steve shot would not have been to kill the assumed guilty party.
As he stood up, ready to show Steve the door – not that the man didn't know where it was – he reflected that yes, the definition of madness was indeed trying the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Was it arrogant, to think that maybe he'd done some good in the world?
Because they'd have proven them right.
Tony winced. He did not want to think about the Red Skull using Steve's fondness for Iron Man against Captain America – also, nazis and homosexuals feelings didn't mix well.
But no. Steve was shit at lying, at pretending, and if he'd known that Old Shellhead was Tony Stark, if SHIELD had told him, he wouldn't act like that, he wouldn't be concerned, he'd probably say something about how this was all Tony's fault, how he should have known better, how...
Still entirely unable to trust – no, to even consider that maybe, this was the truth – Iron Man's word, uh?
“No one. I mean, perhaps they noticed I was a bit unsure of myself when we met again, or whatever, like, Jarvis did frown, but no one straight out asked me if I was alright because they thought something was wrong. Which is, you know, for the best.”
He frowned back at his visitors, who didn't even glance at Stark. The doctor looked over her glasses at him, her lips pinched.
“This is like that thing, isn't it? With the Carnelian ambassador?”
“No. I've never believed that.”
“But they're still preventing us from intervening, right?”
Same as the first time, Steve could tell he hadn't been fatally wounded. Sure, it hurt, and he wasn't much help right now, and if they didn't do something about it it would propably be a problem, but he wasn't going to die right here, right now.
“Cap! You're awake!”
They didn't talk about it, because Steve wanted the truth but the truth wasn't something Steve wanted.
But as he thought about that day long past, Steve had somehow reached another conclusion altogether, and Tony couldn't say he wasn't surprised at the horror in his tone, or even at said conclusion.
Because dead people didn't have problems.
Steve was just next to him, now, and he had that look in his eyes, the one that said he had absolute faith in his own words, in what he was going to say now. It had to be nice to be so certain of yourself.
Because apparently it was better to always assume the worst from Tony, he'd finally understood that – too late, though; and... maybe it hadn't been Tony's choice, not his decision, maybe this wasn't because of Tony, but. It would always be better to assume the worst from Stark, right?
Tony watched – his scanners looking for something, anything – as Marvel Girl managed to get a few survivors out of the ruins of the school that had been at the center of the explosion. Cap was standing next to him, overlooking the rescue – so busy being decent about the burnt skeletons that lay in the dust that he couldn't see the dawn of blood Stamford would stand for.
He wasn't feeling right, less than he'd been back at the hospital – had there been a hospital? Was it even the same reality? Maybe this was were Tony hadn't taken the bullet for him, maybe this was – but, he'd seen Tony down in here too, hadn't he? Though, he might not be dead, Steve couldn't tell from what he'd seen, supposing this was even...
And what?
“You're talking about Sam and Bucky, right?”
“But I'm not giving up on him. I'm going to find him. Find him and help him. He's innocent.”
Tony let out a strangled sound, partially hidden under the armor's voice modulator, and maybe he should just put an end to it, ask the forbidden question, make it obvious that this was all reciprocal and that Steve wasn't the only one in this situation, but.
Jan, who saved him from an awkward explanation that he wasn't sure he understood himself – yet.
What qualified as a justified breach of privacy, Tony?
After they left, the ghost looked at Steve with something akin to concern – or perhaps pity, who knew? Not Steve.
This time he was the one to shout.
Which almost certainly explained why Steve was pacing in the conference room when he arrived, but it had been necessary as he didn't want to be too salty during the upcoming conversation, just in case there actually was a chance to make it work – alienating Steve right away would not do.
He reached down, opened his suitcase – just so that Hill and the president couldn't see what was in it, though Kooning was angled just wrong, which didn't matter because he already knew. At least, that way, they couldn't accuse him of reaching for a weapon – which he'd have gotten in here how exactly, though? – unless Kooning lied about what he was seeing. Which might be a good thing, if he did lie and Hill shot him on the spot as a consequence, it'd give fodder to the voices agaisnt SHRA, if a superhero who had come to willingly give up his identity was murdered under false pretenses inside the White House itself – enough to put a stop to it, or at least push it back long enough for Reed, Hank and a few others to spin it better.
“Okay, I'll see you there. Stay calm, okay? Whatever's happening, we've got this. Together.”
“Mr. Stark, I didn't expect to see you today...”
He was barely not bolting out of his seat, as it was, but he would not be the one to walk away.
...Which meant that, ultimately, if they had to deal with the Molecule Man the hard way, Tony would be the one to do it. Great. Not that Steve was even considering it, at that point, or that he would one day, but that was an eventuality Tony had to consider – not one he was certain he'd be able to follow through with, but that he'd have to at least try, because there was nothing moral in refusing to kill someone without acknowledging that it'd result in many more deaths and that it'd be at least partly their fault.
Yeah, no.
Steve gritted his teeth – harder – and did not answer. This wasn't the moment to discuss this – and it wasn't someone he wanted to discuss it with. Not when he was already busy trying to find out where the hell Tony had disappeared to.
Tony should know; after all, he was the king when it came to not talking about things – and yes, sometimes it was a bad idea, but sometimes it was also the least bad idea in a bag of worse alternatives.
And Tony wasn't surprised, of course, but. The fact that it was the logical course of action, the fact that not only his life had been in the balance – any attack on him could have had casualties, destroyed facilities, jobs lost and what else – it didn't change the fact that it hurt. Rhodey was hurt, so it was normal for him to be angry and storm out. Tony was hurt, but that didn't matter.
Tony was almost happy that Steve thought so. Almost.
“...I mean, the guy doesn't exactly talk about his feelings, but literally everyone know he has a crush on Iron Man, I think only the Red Skull hasn't realized at this point...”
The situation was too familiar, though. He was almost starting to act like he was in armor, as if it was Iron Man talking animatedly, with a smile – no smile this time, but he remembered how that felt, and if Tony didn't manage to make the situation right, he might never get to smile like this again – and not Tony Stark, asking for help from a man who didn't like him one bit.
The bullet wound in his collarbone made him grit his teeth – or was that the very possibility that Stark had done this? – and Steve closed his eyes for a moment, trying to focus.
“If I did, Steve, would it change anything?”
Tony wasn't going not to try ever again. He didn't have that right.
Cap went on.
Together, they could do it right.
Not the moment.
“To start with, what do you have to say in response to those accusations Dugan made? I hear Cap isn't that happy with you, lately.”
Oh, he knew that dry tone. He heard it in his head whenever he thought of Steve's idiotic temper tantrum.
“Has someone been threatening you?”
Steve probably shouldn't have read the newspapers.
Maybe Nick had been busy doing something after their latest talk, and hadn't had the time to take control of his LMD to inform anyone of what was currently happening, of the fact that yes, Ma'am, he knew who was in the armor, who had done the killings, and wasn't it a bummer, Tony Stark had gone supervillain on them after all those years – not like it was the first time, mind you, there'd been that thing with Kang barely two years ago...
It wasn't his cell again.
Tony slowly turned around, waiting for the next attack on his life – or at least his physical well-being. Steve having surrendered didn't necessarily mean even the good guys all agreed with him. Or, the usual villains, but that had nothing to do with the current situation.
The silence was telling.
But no, Steve was just that delighted to see Good Old Shellhead, wasn't he? Not even a hint of disapproval in his tone. No, the rejection was entirely due to Tony being Tony Stark.
“Are you sleeping with him?”
He had barely spoken it aloud, because he didn't need an answer, because he already knew the answer.
Relentless.
Janet's jaw set itself, apparently deciding to ignore her unease with the situation.
Mostly because Steve despised Tony Stark.
He wasn't quite sure if it was a good thing or not.
Eventually Tony got ride of the chestplate, though not quite in the way he'd have hoped – the whole story involved a rogue “Tony Stark” LMD, him being kept prisoner, a heart attack at an inconvenient moment, a “Stimuloid”, Kang, the Avengers saving him because they were decent human beings who didn't let people die just because it wasn't their business – and got a new, synthetic heart, and a new life expectancy to go with it.
The environmental scanners had already told him what his eyes confirmed when he turned around to see the Captain standing there, looking all – self – righteous, betrayed, and at the same time... What was it? It kind of looked like Steve wanted to help Iron Man – not Tony Stark, no, of course not. Terms and conditions concerning that help may apply, though, and Tony knew these weren't in his favor.
He seriously considered telling Steve, then. Not with a thrown helmet, not with a dramatic posture, not like the usual fantasy, just, taking off the whole armor, all of a sudden. Easy, with Extremis, to shut it down with a thought.
There was a pause, before Peter spoke again, voice tentative.
He raised his glass in a gesture of victory, and smiled at Tony.
Tony's ghost was in the other reality.
“What did you mean, when you asked why I care?”
There was a moment of waiting, and then...
The doctor waited for an indication of his understanding, so Steve glanced at Stark, who tipped an imaginary hat, as if to say “see, I didn't lie to you”, for a moment, before nodding back at the woman, who cleared her throat, frowned in thought, and went on.
Wait.
And on Steve's, too, for his unwillingness to act and his having potentially convinced Iron Man not to either. Even if Steve wouldn't want to admit it.
Tony had no words for that, none at all, because he was dying. He was, there was no denying it, on the brink of death – again – and the odds that he'd escape it – again – were worse than ever – again.
Maybe.
He only left himself do the first of those two things. Thing n°2 wouldn't help anyone but himself, and that would be selfish, wouldn't it?
Was it what Tony was doing right now? Was he playing Clark Kent somewhere in Europe, pretending he wasn't Tony Stark – letting them all deal with his problems?
“What about when people start asking for explanations?”
And just like that, it wasn't so hopeful anymore. Sure, Tony was happy that Steve had a message for him, but... It'd have been better, frankly, if it had been for Tony Stark.
Steve hadn't even had the idea to listen to Captain Atlas' last words, when the kree man was the only representant of their race who knew what had happened and actually had a say in what ought to be done, in what justice the Kree deserved.
Tony's hand twitched. There went the pretense that Jarvis didn't know – Tony wasn't quite certain how many people did, now, but the number of people who had deduced it by themselves and who weren't enemies was ridiculously low, proving once again how many of Iron Man's friends did actually know him at all. Steve still hadn't caught on, and not because he was stupid, not because there weren't any hints, but simply because he couldn't fathom the idea, that Tony Stark would even sacrifice some of his time to make the world better, let alone all the other things he'd lost along the way.
A bitter laught escaped his lips.
Everything was a compromise.
The mansion was utterly destroyed – once again – and Tony couldn't take it anymore.
After all, Steve Rogers thought he had an addictive personality – which, by the way, was barely an actual thing in the scientific field, even if there were common traits between addicts, which was, you know, something that happened between people of a same group at an alarming frequency – so Tony must actually have one.
Tony considered all that, and decided that no, he didn't owe Captain America an explanation, since Steve Rogers wouldn't believe it anyway. He was tired of trying to justify himself to people who didn't want to even listen.
When Tony smiled, his blood pooled behind his lower lip.
Hell, the Mandarin had gotten it, but Tony's own friends didn't seem to even consider the possibility until they were confronted with seeing Iron Man without the faceplate.
“Well, actually. Everyone knew that Tony Stark was the most successful sapiens in that reality, right? He'd brought his father's fortune over and into the highest spheres, he was even richer than almost every other mutant industrialists, and in that world, that said a lot. Like, if a mutant girl was going to marry a sapien, of course it'd been him. Except, his father and the Hank Pym from there were plotting to overthrow Magnus, which, okay, we were doing the same thing, but their approach was definitely terroristic while we were just, uhm... rebels, we weren't starting a reign of terror, if you get what I mean. And Tony, he got himself thrown in the middle, from what I understood in the news, or maybe his father was putting him there, I'm not really sure. Eitherway, Tony ended up in the Iron Man armor disabling genetic bombs with Johnny Storm, then going against his own father, and after that Magneto got here and...”
“The Avengers aren't being very united right now, sir.”
It wasn't like Stark would listen to him.
Steve heard a crack. Carol was grabbing onto the table, and the wood was giving way. She didn't have the shadow of a smile on her face – not even a fake one – and it was obvious she was waiting for what would come next.
He couldn't do miracles, but if they all tried...
Iron Man's friendship, perharps.
Tony almost looked at Don Blake, just to confirm what he had already known – and he wondered, once again, if the doctor had had the same suspicions, if, to Don Blake at least, that particular secret wasn't one at all even while the armor had held itself against the Molecule Man's frankly ridiculous power. He didn't, though, because that would be opening a door he had carefully kept locked for more than four years.
Tony didn't stop looking at his reflection for more than an instant, as he continued crying – ugly, but who cared? – as he eventually splashed water over his face – only closing his eyes long enough not to make it worse – as he wiped himself clean – and his reflection never looked away, always judging, always right.
It wouldn't last.
“He's not a hero. He has no skin in the game. And his lieutenants, who's he got, Reed and Hank? They're scientists. You're a fighter. You're a superhero. If you turned, you'd take a hell of a lot of people with you, and you know it.”
And, sure, you could argue that Tony did not, in fact, believe all the aspects of Registration to be good and right and perfect, but believing in something wasn't necessarily that restrictive. He believed in SHRA being necessary, in a number of ways – not in it being good.
“You, on the other hand... Aside from the fact that in House of M Tony Stark was actually a mutant who had convinced himself and the world he wasn't one, which I'm not entirely sure how to take, but eitherway, you were miserable in a world made to content us, and I have to ask: how much do you have to do, Tony, in order to feel like you deserve some peace?”
“Stark, that's not what I asked.”
The weird feeling he'd had the first time around – it couldn't have been just a dream, no, not possible, not with everything else going on – didn't happen, and Steve didn't know what it meant, but he knew that it meant something.
“Of course they were. Except I wasn't the one tailing you for them, I just knew a number of things they'd rather I didn't. You weren't there for Fury's visit right after we separated, but let me tell you, it was a lot of fun. Still, go on.”
Voices around him, screams, and someone talking with hurried words, but not to him, not only to him – yes, he was alright, kind of, no, it was okay, but what had happened, what...
He didn't dare bring it up, though. He didn't want Cap to shut off and accuse him of using the memory of the dead to get whatever he wanted.
Steve gritted his teeth. Was that all that was left of the Avengers, in the wake of Tony's fuck-ups?
“Officially? My ex-fiancée, emphasis on the 'ex' and the fact that her knowing is directly linked to her not being my fiancée anymore. A couple of other people, friends. And I guess some others must have doubts. But that's it. After all, who would think Tony Stark could be a hero?”
Steve gritted his teeth.
Tony considered answering, took a moment to watch the other skrulls who looked more annoyed by the woman's intervention than anything else, as if she was walking on their turf. As if her presence was preventing them from doing something actually productive.
“Surprisingly, not so much. I mean, okay, it's still complicated to go outside without getting arrested for people like me, read, idiots, who went and exposed themselves and then decided they might not be, in fact, okay with what it entailed, but mostly I'd have thought we'd all be in jail by, like, yesterday, now that Gyrich has Sentinels on top of everything else, but apparently the SHRA database is having issues, if Jess' sources are to be believed, you know, because it seems the database won't open without a valid reason, so they don't have access to our names unless we do something really bad. Same thing, all the videos of my face got corrupted, so they only have their memory to go by when they try to get me, and since I'm pretty forgettable...”
That was why, as Tony – Iron Man, as far as anyone else was concerned – brought the undersea craft back to New York, as Giant Man and Jan were spending time with the newly-awakened Steve Rogers and Thor was nowhere in sight, a small, vulnerable bundle of hope appeared in Tony's mind, and no matter what, the engineer couldn't let go of it.
Maybe one of these days Steve would finally believe him when he said that.
“You've never heard of diplomacy before, have you, Nick?”
Tony didn't really care, right now.
Never mind that Steve had always done the exact same thing Rhodey was doing right now, and that, because he was still convinced he was right – always, without question – he didn't acknowledge it either.
“Assuming, of course, that he is vindicated.”
“Ah, yes, power corrupts and all that. Please do not tell me what you thought about all of us who followed, because I don't want to hear it.”
There was a pause, and Jan actually looked at him with pity, even though she tried not to show it.
And Steve wasn't quite sure why he was thinking about that instead of simply reading the goddamn newspapers while being aware of that problem – but without, you know, thinking it out loud.
So Steve searched for something else to think about, to chase the doubts away, to annihilate the questions which came with it.
If only he could care enough to look past what he wanted to see, what he thought was going on, and actually pay attention to what was really going on.
He wondered, though, whether Steve would be able to say the same and mean it. To mean, not only that he'd rather Bill Foster was alive, but that he had a hand in his death and he regretted it.
God, he wanted a drink – and for Strange to do his mojo and give Don and him the same opportunity to remain anonymous, but it wasn't like he could force the sorcerer into doing anything, was it?
He thanked Steve at the end of the session. Mostly because he was grateful, but also because he knew Steve didn't particularly want to spend time with him, and yet had taken it upon himself to help.
“True. Tony, if it's not mind-control... Why are you here?”
Tony steadfastly ignored the glances sent his way as they walked down the path of the dark dimension – how did it work, exactly? Obviously physics and common sense didn't apply here, but there had to be some sort of logic, some written rules by which the realm acted, or else it simply wouldn't be substainable, and people like Strange wouldn't be able to learn how to use magic because you couldn't learn without rules, however those seemed to the ignorant gaze, and no, he actually wasn't only ignoring the main issue here, namely that both the Avengers and the Defenders were now aware of his identity – though he guessed Strange could possibly whammy them all into forgetting about Don Blake and him, because hell, he'd done it with Fury's memory of the Defenders and that wasn't asking for much, was it?
But, sure, let's worry about CPR – or the fact that Steve totally didn't remember him without the helmet, did he, let's hope he didn't because if he did – Tony.
He wasn't sure he wouldn't just fry his brain with a repulsor ray once Steve stormed out, either.
So he was leaving him the choice – or was he? They could still be listening, just so that they'd know he had been given a choice, just so that they'd blame him if he didn't agree. But no, Jarvis wouldn't do that to him.
“Then there are all the others. Those I'm pretty sure know what happened, but are keeping a lid on it, like Spider-Man. Because, you understand, Steve, superheroes know what is right and what isn't. They wouldn't do something like executing Tony Stark, now, would they? Except, of course, if murder was now an acceptable behavior in particular circumstances, circumstances left to be determined, obviously, to the discretion of our people. Because superheroes know better. And, either way, if we don't talk about it, it's like it never happened. Right?”
"I thought it was going to be like all the other red tape we've been tangled up in over the years. You know, the government makes a fuss, eventually we trim the team or we add whoever they want us to add. Or I get a new codename, or they give us a liaison and we spend a few months doing what Gyrich tells us and grousing about it. And we all play along until the next time Ultron wants to destroy everything. And then it's the same as always, because then they realize that we don't need these regs, and that maintaining them is getting in the way of us doing our jobs."
“He was innocent.”
There might be some of Iron Man in Tony's personality – Iron Man was all the good points, and none of the drawbacks – but obviously when you took the whole person, that bit of Iron Man wasn't enough for Steve to be willing to work with the rest of him. Cap wasn't willing to when he didn't know, and there was no reason for him to change his mind even if he found out – if nothing else, it'd just be painful for both of them.
Catching up with the scientific innovations took a lot of his time, but mostly he managed and he had yet to find something he couldn't eventually understand, so there was that. He just hoped Reed Richards wouldn't call to talk about anything above the fission of the atom in the next ten days because there was a lot he hadn't had time to read up on yet and he didn't think Richards wouldn't find it weird if Tony suddenly proved unable to remember how he'd delt – because yes, apparently Richards knew he was Iron Man – with the temporal interface in Central City. Sure, the man could be a bit obtuse when it came to human things, but it also meant he didn't know how to take a hint and he'd probably worry that Tony was losing his mind or whatever.
Steve kept looking at him for a time, and Tony couldn't quite tell to what point he understood what he was saying, and how much of that look was Steve twisting it around into a bogus explanation of Tony Stark's power grab – funny, that, how campaigning for handing some of the control over ended up with him being accused of being a control freak.
The only part of Tony that hadn't yet been dragged in mud and blood was now just as disgusting as the rest of him. It didn't even matter that Tony had not, in fact, been the one with the intent to kill the ambassador – a man who had genuinely admired Iron Man, and what had Tony gifted him with except death by Iron Man's hands? It didn't matter because, while Tony couldn't be accused of having killed him willingly, he had still given the real murderer the tool to do it – and yes, even without Iron Man, whoever that murderer was could probably have killed Kotznin a number of ways, but it was Tony's armor that they had used.
When he woke up in the hospital, after a woman, after a friend had died in his arms, after barely managing to keep a newborn child alive – after having decided there was no point continuing, too – only Rhodey came to see him, which really wasn't a surprise. Pepper and Happy had left long ago, to live somewhere where they wouldn't be continuously endangered by Tony's superheroics – never mind the number of times they hadn't died because Tony was Iron Man, because the Avengers had been there to stop a catastrophe, because a villain wanted something and they were in the way regardless of Tony's superheroics, never mind all that, because Tony understood, because he knew he occasionally was a danger to them – but it didn't hurt any less.
She eyed him from head to toes, and shook her head.
“I know we talked about what happened with the guardsmen, what I did... what I sent Iron Man to do. And I... know I tried to apologize, and I didn't really do a great job, but this is me trying again.”
“I guess I'm just going to be happy we somehow managed to salvage a version of you, then.”
Before he could berate himself for letting “Tony Stark” talk instead of “Iron Man”, Steve reached for him, hesitant, and Tony jerked back.
Bethany believed in him, and Jarvis too, up to a point – whether or not Jarvis' way to deal with the issue, the fact that he had left, had been the right way to help him snap out of it wasn't in question; only his intent was.
“Facist!”
So this was all Stark's fault, and of course there was no good intentions hidden behind any of it, because that was what they had become, now.
"I know who he is, I know what he is. I've known a thousand men like him. My own father was like him. The only difference is that he's got more money than most. I know exactly what kind of man he is, and I don't see why I should sit here and let him play with my friends' lives because he wants to feel like he's worth something now that the drink's not telling him so, now that he's not pouring liquor down his throat.”
So he brought forth the gauntlet, and Steve let his – larger, were his hands always that large, what a thought, of course they were, honestly, Tony – hand fall into Tony's.
Steve and the marshals stopped for a moment, as Stark wiped away the tomato on his face, and the SHIELD agents around him put their hands on their guns out of instinct.
“Anyway. I had the idea I could help you out. You still need a shield, right? Even if you're not... Captain America.”
Or will we need to take you out, was left unsaid.
How could you force the great, the perfect, the virtuous Captain America to talk?
The various TV crews, the journalists – in another time, Peter might have been there too, and Steve wouldn't have even known that Spider-Man was out there snapping pictures of him, but thanks to Stark, that was another era – even some random people were asking him questions, and the marshals answered in his stead – no comments.
Unfortunately, Steve only went on being petty and judgmental.
Tony extricated himself from Steve's embrace and turned around so that they'd sit face to face.
So he winced, and pretended it was just that, only he acknowledged it out loud instead of not addressing the issue.
Well. Steve said a ghost.
“Don't you think it's time?”
Steve didn't even respect him enough to consider that maybe he was, if not a good man, at least not a bad man.
There was...
He had his hands on the faceplate when he thought of Rumiko, and his heart clenched, but.
Moreover, he still had things to say.
Steve had to stop himself from reacting, from jumping away out of instinct as a projectile flew at his head – it was only a tomato, as it was.
And not saying who he was, and everyone believing his lies?
“He... left. He's not working for the Avengers anymore, whichever group you want to talk about, New, Mighty, East Coast... And, the thing is, we should have known it wasn't him. Because, you know. And that's the reason why he left, after we got him back. He said that despite all of the Avengers' qualities, he wouldn't be able to work for them anymore, not after what had happened.”
Tony almost took a step back, suddenly understanding where this was going.
Survival instincts of a lemming.
And, ideally, he'd manage to put an end to this, while also getting rid of the ghost in the other world, because he really didn't want to have a Stark he couldn't shut up by his side, for the rest of his life, telling him things he didn't want to hear.
“You can...”
He'd even let go of a loved one to do the right thing if he had to. He wouldn't be happy about it, he might not even survive it, but he'd do it, again and again and again, because that would be worth it. The fact that he might not live with himself afterwards? The fact that he might fall to pieces if he ever had to sacrifice everything? It didn't matter. If the price was his own integrity, he'd give it out without a thought, because what was his integrity worth next to someone's life?
So what if Steve didn't really understand, as long as he was happy? As long as he could laugh while with Iron Man?
For once, it felt like the thanks were real – cautious, sure, uncertain and wary, but still, real – and not just a platitude.
After all, Miss Potts was now CEO of SE, wasn't she? Tony probably still owned something like 99% of the company, because he wouldn't go around letting anyone get their hands on his life's work, not after the Deltites, not after Stane, not after Morgan Stark had sold the company away to Fujikawa, not after all the times Tony had had to wrestle his inventions out of reach... But he wasn't heading it anymore.
“Are you saying you're quitting, sir?”
Steve looked at him, slowly, and tried to reach for him – looking for what? Comfort, maybe? A comfirmation that no, he wasn't dead, through touch? Tony didn't really know, but he guessed he could indulge him, that, maybe it would be for the best if he did.
Not that Tony expected Steve to listen, but he could still come up with plans – in case Steve did listen, even just a little, just enough for him to at least consider the situation rather than simply reacting at it.
Oh, Steve cared about you, Shellhead.
“Here's... another story. I knew a guy, once. Used to be in love with him. He... gave me some advice, a long time ago. He taught me how to fight. And... he told me, if anyone... offers you a sucker punch, they've probably got a reason. That was after I hit him... He knocked me flat. That was after he told me... after he told me...”
“Oh. That's... That's good, Mr. Stark. Now, if you don't mind, I have to...”
The marshals came around about one hour later, and the ghost went back to commenting everything Steve did not want to contemplate about the encounter, on top of what Steve already thought on the matter – don't talk to me, Steve, they'll think you're crazy, then again, maybe you could use it to your advantage to get free, that is, if we hadn't already come to the conclusion that getting out that way is not what you are aiming for, but as we're talking about that, you have to consider the fact that they cannot know you haven't changed your mind, so keep calm and don't grunt,
“I'm sorry. I know Iron Man said there was a team meeting. It's my fault. I had Stark Enterprises business in LA and I'm afraid I kept him too long. He... he sent me to make his apologies. Clear the air.”
“Of course I could be lying.”
What a riot.
A tomato thrown at him hardly registered as a threat, and it was unlikely that it actually was how it had all started.
He blinked, suddenly realizing it was the morning light that he'd had in the eyes since he'd opened them. He'd spent the whole night arranging things for SE, considering the dreadful possibility that he might have to orchestrate some minor – read, no victims, but always the potential for it to go awry – disaster to eventually get enough people to register out of worry for the future, checking on Logan's progress tracking down Nitro – the guy didn't like the idea of SHRA, and Tony couldn't blame him, but at least he seemed to understand why going against it openly would just end in pain – and considering the timetable on which he could actually push against some of the less savory aspects of Registration – but that, that would take time, and it would only work if the others weren't too busy giving heroes bad press left and right, either because of mistakes, or because they were slowly turning into superpowered domestic terrorists, which, well, was likely to happen, if only with the most problematic members of the community.
It'd be Stark's.
Spider-Man arrived about ten minutes later, looked at the headless corpse of Mallen, and disappeared right after having made an off-color joke – possibly to throw up.
She really didn't look friendly anymore. Steve guessed she had a right not to, if what she was not saying was the truth – except she couldn't, they wouldn't have done that, and if they had, the others wouldn't have let it go, they would have done something about it.
In retrospection, Steve should perhaps consider the fact that this tomato could have been the reason, the trigger, but still.
“No! I... no, I...”
He looked up, and – Sharon couldn't get over here, there were already too many people, all in SHIELD uniforms too, except for the marshals, and the journalists were kept well away, and they were keeping an eye on Steve, making sure no one tried anything again, and smoke was getting out of the window where the sniper had been, and Steve was – Steve was missing something, something wasn't right – who had shot him, he'd made so many enemies in his life, he'd...
He didn't have to, though, as Spider-Man came swinging in and the mugger ended up webbed around a street light, before Steve could even go and stare the evil-doer down – Tony used to say it was his disappointed-in-you face, as if Steve had looked at him like that often enough for Tony to get used to it, which couldn't be, right?
That couldn't... It didn't make any sense. What could be worth letting Tony's death go? What could...
The moment the door closed, leaving Steve alone – his head whipped around to stare at the ghost that was still sitting on the other side of the room.
There was an open file on the table, he finally noticed, and Steve was staring at it with his hands fisted, instead of looking at Iron Man.
No matter the damage.
Apparently T'Challa had been looking over the files from the bunker, and Red Skull had had two options at some point, and obviously he'd chosen the one that made the gas slightly more problematic for supersoldiers, just because. Nothing really grave, though, just, Steve would take some more time to wake up, so they were going to transfer him back to the mansion.
“If I joined... If I joined you, what would I have? Would I have access to the superhuman database?”
“This is about Tony, I presume?”
“I'm a... practical man, Tony. I like to think I'm a just one as well.”
The cryo process worked, and Tony remembered that his father hadn't been quite that perfect either – something he'd known, but hadn't believed. That Howard Stark had had a drinking problem too – he wondered if, like Tony, it had come from too many responsibilities, too much strain on his shoulders, too many times when he hadn't been enough. Or, thinking back on Project Manhattan, maybe it had been because of the times he had been too efficient when it really hadn't been needed.
Steve didn't answer, didn't nod, only gritted his teeth.
This time, it wouldn't be about heroes having failed to save “everyone, without exception, because nothing but absolute efficiency would be acceptable”.
That hadn't happened in his dream – but, maybe Stark had come because of what he'd said. It didn't have to mean anything, especially as, even if Steve hadn't seen Stark in his dream at first, the fact that the man had died in front of him meant he had in fact been there.
Tony knew, because he had been at the end of such a discourse, or listened to it even though it wasn't directly addressed at him, more than once, and no one ever resented Steve for it.
Never seeing that in some extreme circumstances, not doing what had to be done was the same as allowing the next catastrophe to happen.
Tony was tired.
“Very educational, Captain.”
Steve didn't disappoint – or, actually, yes, he did, much like he always did, and in that, he didn't disappoint.
He wouldn't let them pin more than what he had done on him, though.
Yeah, give Steve the overrides. Good plan. If it ever became necessary, then Steve would know, but at this point it didn't really matter, did it, and anyway it wasn't like Tony could put his secret identity before literal lives.
“Apparently Stark is so freaking clean he could star in a health commercial, if he didn't have a freaking lump of metal for a heart, of course. No amount of alcohol, or anything else for the matter. However, his body is acting as if it had processed about two liters of Vodquila just before he got at the Latverian representative's throat.”
Except Tony Stark had never been Helmut Zemo, had never been a villain, had never actively antagonized Captain America – or whatever other sin you wanted to pin on him – when they'd first met, and yet that was the treatment he got from Steve.
Like, yeah, of course, not that he didn't know about Steve's feelings for Iron Man, but there had been slightly more important things going on at the moment, and really, it wasn't like it was that important, a sloppy séance of mouth-to-mouth between two dying men when Steve had to have better memories of actual kisses.
“Eveything I...?!”
Tony gave her a wan smile and shrugged.
He wasn't entirely sure whether he was trying to be here for Steve – the guy sure looked like he needed someone to be – because not everything was about him and Tony knew that, or if he was just desperate not to talk or think about his problems because he didn't want it to be about himself.
Not that it was anything new at that point, but, you know.
What went unsaid was that one of these days, it could be that their intervention, and the subsequent coming of the Sentinels, would deal more damage than the initial situation. That one day, maybe, they'd end up being forced to let things be, because the SHRA would have effectively cut them out of the possibility to help. That only those who'd registered would still be able to intervene.
Peter glanced at the interview with Gyrich, on top of the various articles, and winced – while munching on a cookie, because supermetabolisms tended to make you a glutton, Steve could testify.
So Steve got up, and prepared himself for the arrival of the SHIELD agents and marshals who'd take him to his trial. And if things were to go more or less the same way as in his dream, well. He'd be careful, but he also knew he knew the protocol pretty well. It wasn't like he couldn't have had a realistic dream about this.
One week later, Tony was in Kyoto, apologizing to Rumiko's body – she'd come to see if he was alright, after Wanda and the UN, she'd come for him, she had been the only one, and for a second when he'd heard her message he'd thought, well, now we can be together again, now that he wasn't Secretary of Defense anymore, now that he wasn't an Avengers anymore, now that he wasn't even sure he could even bear wearing the armor ever again, they could put it all behind them, now that...
But it was unlikely that, after what had happened with Hydra, after the brainwashing – again, Logan seemed to have at least that in common with Tony, a tendency to get controlled / brainwashed / manipulated into harming others – Logan wanted a reason that would be good for him.
“It's not like anyone noticed I wasn't my old self.”
They had met, once or twice, just here and there, along the years, but they hadn't exactly gotten to know each other. The most he knew about her was from Tony – about how efficient she was, about how resilient she was, about... In person, though, Steve had only witnessed a few worried looks, and the sad frowns she used to give Tony whenever he was running himself ragged and she knew it, but couldn't say a thing because in the end, the world mattered more than Tony Stark's life and they both knew it.
Rhodey had thrown the War Machine armor back in his face. Twice – he took it in the end, but still.
The last thing he saw was not-Hank reverting to skrull-form – so that was what the other one had been trying to warn him about – and trying to attack Lockhart – Vera – V'ra while holding onto her injured side. Tony couldn't feel his arm, his elbow, or his head, but he pushed himself on the first one, used the second to push the very-female-and-very-angry skrull away from V'ra, and headbutted her unconscious.
He still didn't know if it was a dream – and which one was the dream, consequently – if there was a mastermind behind it all, if any of this at all was real.
In general, Steve treated Tony Stark the exact same way he'd treated Zemo back then. The moment something looked like it could maybe be something that wasn't actually an act of goodness but a plan of evil, Steve jumped on the opportunity to brand it an act of villainy.
Even if he, Tony Stark, wasn't really good at this – Iron Man, oddly, seemed to do better than him, but Tony knew the reason for that: people just didn't expect Iron Man to have ulterior motives, unlike Tony Stark. All he had to do was to show Cap that Tony Stark was genuinely concerned.
A team portrait that had, miraculously, not ended up on the floor, was hanging on the far wall. Tony blinked, stood up, and went to look at it. It was one of the older ones, one from the very beginning of the Avengers.
At the same time, going as Tony Stark wasn't exactly going to get him any goodwill either...
Hill sneering at him, and Misty looking him in the eyes. You should ask your friends.
“I didn't exactly follow the whole thing, what with us being busy staging a rebellion, but what was the matter with the mutant / sapiens controversy and Stark exactly?”
He thought of the Incident with Thor and Doom, of Steve interfering and telling Thor basically the same thing Tony had been trying to get him to understand, and Thor listening to Steve like he hadn't to Iron Man, the whole thing ending with both Iron Man and Thor being accused of being too prideful.
There.
And, just like that, they were shaking hands.
Of course, he also had to take into account the very fact that he was dying. There had to be some stress, more unexpected and irrational fears to affect his thinking, a desperation he couldn't exactly quantify. Not that he was going to admit that to Steve. It wasn't like the man could do anything to help.
His short laugh, without the voice modulator, would probably have illustrated the feeling.
Which wasn't surprising, considering how he had never said anything face to face with Tony Stark, how he had never voiced his disdain for the man even though it had visibly dripped all over their non-relationship. Politeness, right. Or maybe Steve thought he'd be petty enough to take his support away from the Avengers if he let it be known. It seemed more than likely.
Then came Namor, who did have comments to make. Mostly it boiled down to “Stark, really?” with a great deal of disdain thrown in, but that was usual for Namor, so Tony didn't feel particularly insulted.
They got out to transfer him to the marshals, and then...
“You're probably right. Still, Tony Stark. Who'd have thought?”
"If you know anyone who's good with communications tech... or, heck, maybe it could be you, we're going to need alternative comms. I'm going to assume these are compromised."
Steve barely gave him a look, before shifting his eyes back onto his hands, fisted onto his lap, while his forehead went to rest on his knees.
Tony blinked at Steve, more than aware that it wasn't how any of Iron Man's training sessions had ever started, and knowing that Cap didn't expect him to have any kind of combat experience, or half as much strength as he did. Tony wasn't a supersoldier, and while he in fact was in very good shape, Steve couldn't know that – considering what he thought of Tony Stark, he probably expected him to be no more than a couch potato or any equivalent from the 40's.
So, not happening.
“Who are you?”
It was Extremis, or nothing.
Terrible. Iron Man was clearly an asshole, a sell-out, a traitor, forcing Captain America to talk – not arresting him and his people, not framing them for the destruction or whatever, not killing them on sight, not... – he wasn't totally sure what else he could have done that would be worse, but, you know, not that.
Steve's next words were so quiet Tony almost missed them.
Steve closed the door behind him, and pushed the cowl down.
Because lone heroes with no accountability whatsoever only worked as long as everything went right enough.
While he was thinking about all this, he had a meeting with the president – again – in ten minutes. At least he was already – still – in D.C.. That was that.
Sharon's voice, from just a bit further away, calling his name.
The blame lay on both sides, but only one seemed to agree to answer for it, as it was.
It was giving a bit too much credit to his dream, for things to go on the same way as what had happened in it, and not enough at the same time, because if Stark had commissioned the sniping, then why had Tony taken the bullet for him?
Whoever was right, this time, Tony still had to act.
For a moment Hill looked like she couldn't quite believe that he was standing here, before her, asking that particular question. Then she tilted her head at him, squinted as if she was trying to assess whether her idea of the situation was right or not.
This time, the “heroes” were guilty too.
On another screen, his father telling him that what he had made wasn't
He also really, really needed to calm down and stop being so short-tempered with everyone. Sure, some slack could be given, considering his current situation, and the fact that he wasn't used to it yet – he hated that thought, but he had to consider it, because the possibility for him to actually find a way to walk again was... not that high. Some slack could be given.
“Three days.”
Well, look at that. Happy was right – Tony too, but he could have been biased, personal feelings and all that.
“Look out!”
Well.
“Alright.”
Yeah.
Happy may be Pepper's husband, but he was also Tony's friend. No one – except Pepper – got to doubt his loss, no one got to say he didn't care, and more importantly, no one got to reduce Happy's fate to an insult against him.
It was necessary. Tony just wasn't sure whether or not it would be enough.
Probably not.
He nearly dropped his negator at the frankly absurd idea that Tony Stark and Iron Man were an item. First of all because Tony Stark was publicly as straight as the razors of old, second because as Iron Man he had been careful not to be that enthusiastic when talking about his secret identity. When he even talked about it.
Especially as Kathy – Kathleen, not Kathy, not after what she had done – was apparently going for the angle “abuse victim”. Tony might have the clout to wither that attack, but it didn't mean it wouldn't hurt. More so when so few people would even believe he wasn't guilty – after all, he was a rich white man, glass ceiling and societal sexism were in his favor, but they also made him look more suspicious to anyone who had had to deal with that kind of bullshit. To them, it'd mean he could buy his way out of a lot – which was true – and the fact that he didn't need to buy his way out because he was innocent wouldn't prove anything to anyone who didn't want to believe it. He guessed he could only be angry at the assholes who did abuse their position so frequently, just like real abuse victims would have the right to be angry at Kathleen for making their claims seem dishonest.
“You know who he is, don't you?”
Still, he had no idea how he was going to survive that – if he did survive that.
Iron Man, tarnished.
He took a moment to speak again.
Everyone, here, was paying a price.
Bethany was the only one to hold his hand throught the fiasco of his alcoholism. Tony wasn't sure why she bothered, even if she did love him – and he did love her, too. Jarvis hadn't, and honestly, Tony didn't blame him, considering how Tony had treated the poor man that one time.
“I... I... Of course you could. I hadn't recognized you, that's all! And well, better the two of us than neither, right? Like, of course you don't want to be mugged, but would you rather it happened to someone defenseless, without either of us here to...”
Steve gestured with his piece of pizza, remembering all too well “Dell Rusk” and Gyrich's part in both sides of the Red Zone incident.
But it could be.
The man in his kitchen had a sardonic smile on his face, a perfectly trimed goatee, a thousands-dollars designer suit, a glass of amber next to him, and was, he immediately knew, Tony Stark.
“No one?”
All the times Steve had believed this before came back to Tony, but he bit his tongue and did not blurt it out – yet.
It was...
His sight blurred for a moment, and he passed out – or did he?
The most likely explanation was that his friend feared that “Mr. Stark” was listening in – which, in all honesty, he was. On top of that that was actually a sound tactical precaution, barely even biased on Steve's part.
Tony still didn't see what V'ra could be gaining by doing what she was doing, and he guessed, maybe she was trying to help, but that wouldn't stop him from being cautious.
Said with a different tone, Tony could have believed that it was really meant for him, this gratitude; but he wasn't deaf, and that was Steve's way to say something he thought he ought to say, not something he really believed in. It wasn't wrong, per se, but it lacked the intensity to be anything else but a formal acknowledgment of what Steve felt he owed him.
But to go on with the topic... To finish it, once and for all, a last apology to go unheard.
“You're not...”
He understood.
Tony nodded slowly, and hesitated.
“I'm not saying he's not. I'm certainly grateful for the things he's done for me, for us, for everyone.”
“Let me guess. You came back, and Tony wasn't there, never came to apologize or whatever it is you think he should do, and no one ever commented on it, and for a time you let it go, because you didn't want to talk about it, because you were angry and of course your anger was righteous, and now that you've asked, no one is giving you a straight answer.”
Speaking of which, Kang was being awfully sure of himself, appointing Anthony himself to watch over his own life and make sure no one interfered.
So Tony – So Iron Man went back to the team, whenever he felt he could afford the distraction, whenever the last break had lasted long enough, and sometimes he ended up on the same roster as Steve, sometimes he didn't. It didn't really matter, even if it was nice to fight with Captain America by his side, because no matter what, Iron Man was always Steve's friend, even when they didn't see each other quite as often – Steve had gotten himself another best friend, Sam Wilson AKA Falcon, but it wasn't like they had quite the same status, Iron Man and Falcon; Wilson was Steve's best pal or something, while Iron Man was Steve's oldest friend-in-the-future. There wasn't really a competition here.
Always cutting short any explanation whenever it involved “Mr. Stark”, always asking “Shellhead”'s point of view, not “Tony Stark”'s. Getting angry as they inevitably ended back at Tony Stark, at the fact that Iron Man agreed with the man more than he did with Steve himself.
“Isn't that the same as allowing them to push you out, though?”
Simple, pure stupidity, and not from a person with powers who was simply defending themselves or even reacting, no, from an actual group of heroes who were supposed to know better.
Tony snorted at himself, reached for the nearest bottle, and contemplated drinking it now, even if he hadn't drunk anything since after the Carnelian ambassador.
Steve almost barred his teeth at that – and Tony was reminded of a thought he'd had, one day, that you always thought bad things only happened to others, until they happened to you and you had to deal with the consequences.
More than that, even without putting Steve's morals in doubt, there was still the issue of those people he was currently associating himself with, who weren't necessarily as reluctant to do what they deemed justified when push came to shove, and, worse than that, worse than those of their mutual friends who could be a bit more pro-active than Steve himself... Well. Steve's principles were all and fine, except they wouldn't stop people from associating themselves with Steve and his ideals, even against Steve's will.
Maria Hill wasn't Steve's favorite person, but considering she'd been Tony's second-in-command, and was still second-in-command even now that Fury had come back – apparently he'd showed up after Tony's disappearance, glaring at everyone and especially Hill, and grumbling about idiots who couldn't help but actually be right about everything, and had been the main reason why Gyrich's catastrophic handling of SHRA hadn't ended with a massacre – it stood to reason that she could tell Steve what exactly had happened for Carol to be in such an antagonistic mood.
“Not as much as you think he was.”
Overtly.
It wasn't about him.
Enough of a confirmation. He really hoped Jarvis hadn't told anyone – Steve, mostly, but anyone else would make it problematic too – to go and listen in through the door so that they'd finally realize, with the misguided hope that some honesty would make it all better or whatever. Unlikely, Jarvis was too loyal for that, and the older man understood that it wouldn't do any good to Tony, to be outed like that, because he realized that sometimes “logical” courses of action were no better than illogical ones, especially when it came to people and their reactions to the unexpected – but at the same time Jarvis was also loyal to the Avengers, and Tony knew for a fact that he'd throw him under a bus if he thought it was for the greater good, something Tony would never begrudge anyone for, at least not on that point.
Neither Tony Stark nor Iron Man could afford to let their doubts overcome them, either, or they would be unable to do anything, to help anyone. They had to act, even when they weren't sure of themselves, even when they knew there had to be a better way, even when that better way eluded them and left them with only a lesser solution.
Steve squeezed his hand for a moment before letting go again.
Or...
“I know that we never got off the right foot, you and I. I don't know how, and I don't know why, but I know that whatever I do, I keep... compounding it. ...And I know I get these ideas in my head, and I can't stop, an then sometimes the only way to achieve the end I need is to ask Iron Man to do it for me.”
After that, he went and thanked Sam Wilson for his hard work, assured him again that the Avengers would cover any medical bill he might have after the fiasco with the Red Skull, and gave him a blinding smile as he said that, obviously, there was no need to mention to Steve anything that could upset him. Just, if Steve asked and Iron Man wasn't around at the moment, mention he was doing fine, no further complication, nothing.
Your people decided they were answerable to no one, that you being in the right meant the consequences of your actions were only for others to shoulder, that you could start a fight and pin the casualties on everyone else no matter your own part in it, that your rights trumped those of all the people who had no defense against you.
Tony was almost tempted to say yes – somehow ignoring the issue that SHIELD would demand confirmation of his identity in the process of “fixing” his “misguided” actions and then Tony wouldn't be able not to show them the truth, which would result in a lot of unpleasant consequences, starting with the fact that Steve's promise would end up thrown with the trash – just to see, in a few years perhaps, a Guardsman going back home with his regulation armor and murder his wife and children because he was having an existential crisis and wanted to elope with his young mistress and become a mercenary, or a random villain gaining control of the Vault and mass-producing the armor to arm their minions, or whatever, because something always happened, and Tony knew he couldn't eliminate all risks, but he could minimize them and at least when something he had put on the market himself was misused, it was a risk he had agreed to. Then in that hypothetic future that would never happen, Steve and him would have a discussion about how it wasn't Tony's fault that assholes were assholes, to which he would answer that his fault or not, he could have done something about it and then the victims wouldn't be victims, which made the fact that they were dead partially his fault, and Steve's for having convinced him to not do it.
“You still think they are doing what they think is right, then.”
The older man – in looks as well as in chronology, which wasn't something that happened often enough with Steve – turned serious again.
“Is this the part where I'm supposed to say I have no idea why you're calling me that?”
He hated crying in the armor.
Steve squinted.
So, yeah. Let's be totally honest here: Tony was absolutely going to give a weapon to a future-former ally that wouldn't see a problem with using it against him if he thought he was right to, probably sometime in the next few days, even if it was a completely stupid move.
“I mean...”
(I don't necessarily think Tony is always right, but I do think he's right about a lot more than people given him credit for, and a lot less wrong about a lot of things than you'd think)
“The point was, V'ra, that your fault or not, you have to deal with the circumstances you are given. And sometimes, those are such that you must ask yourself which principle you'd rather fail in order to uphold the other. Not doing so is either naivety or hypocrisy. I make my choices, and I hope that they were the right ones, but at least if they weren't, I know that I tried, and I don't regret having chosen one principle over another, though I may regret what comes out of that choice, though I may admit that I was wrong in how I acted on it.”
“Sorry, Tony... but Captain America's more important than you... I just hope I can keep him alive long enough for Panther to get him out.”
Captain America seemed to like Iron Man, too.
He hadn't.
“I'm not saying you didn't care about him, Captain. Only that you weren't his friend. There's a difference, you know.”
The Red Skull had disabled about everything in the armor – and Tony wanted to blame Gyrich for not trusting the Avengers but making the mistake of trusting “Dell Rusk”, Secretary of Defense, but that wasn't possible, if only because it was normal for the government not to be completely trusting of so-called superheroes, or else things would go very, very wrong the day one of them snapped under the pressure – and walking was difficult. Tony was muscular enough – not like Captain America or Luke Cage, but really, most couldn't compare – but the armor was heavy. Very heavy.
Because of course he wasn't.
Iron Man, at some point or another, just wouldn't be there.
Tony delicately put the lit matchstick in the glass, and watched as it slowly – at first – lit the alcohol. The fire was mostly blue, and it did not stop spreading until it was ligthing up the whole glass. He wondered how long he would have to keep his hand over it to actually get burned.
Cap would never look like that at Iron Man.
He really, really wanted to throw the helmet at Steve, right now, and let him contemplate the exact depth of his words, but. None of this was about Tony, no matter how much Steve wanted to make it about him, and so he really couldn't do that, not unless his goal suddenly shifted to start a full-on war.
“That's your first lesson, Mr. Stark. If anyone offers you a sucker punch, they've probably got a reason, so... don't fall for it.”
He didn't force a smile upon his face, because this time at least the current events allowed him to look as grim as he was feeling, and held out a hand to shake Steve's.
She made a face – not a benevolent one.
Wilson frowned, obviously a bit puzzled by Tony's attitude, but also very opposed to pretend nothing had happened and Tony Stark hadn't taken off Iron Man's helmet right before his eyes only to save Steve Rogers' life with CPR.
He didn't turn around, opting for simply staring out the window for now. The other Avengers – both West Coast and East Coast – were out there in, eating, discussing, arguing about whether or not the West Coast team should be terminated, on the grounds that they weren't “efficient enough”.
It had to be the eyes, because it couldn't be the armor.
Tony heard the door closing behind Jarvis, just as the older man said a low, whispered “Sir?”.
He wasn't sure why the small smile he gave the man, as he asked him if they could perhaps try and teach him the basic moves of self-defense, felt so hopeful on his face, considering that.
Had Tony looked at him like that, when Steve had told him he only knew compromise, back when they were both on the bloody helicarrier? Steve didn't remember.
Which might explain why he liked Iron Man so much, nameless superhero who bled for the people, and absolutely despised the actual man.
“And you really don't know what Kang was really doing?”
He looked around wildly – no ghost of Tony Stark that wasn't Tony Stark, and, more than that, no hospital room, no hospital-white.
Problems that, apparently, were being handled right now – considering that the database hadn't simply been erased or taken down, Steve could only guess that, maybe, whoever had done this wasn't against its existence, and...
And Kotznin had paid for it with his life.
“What the hell is happening here?”
When he joined Happy for the ride to Westchester, Tony found a SHIELD agent – in her thirties, tan skin, brown hair almost as short as Hill's, dark grey eyes – standing next to his chauffeur and friend, who was watching her carefully.
The problem was that being good wasn't enough, that he could have been the best and it still wouldn't have been enough.
Tony didn't turn back to look at Logan. He had a speech about how the Avengers could help him get his good name back – or, as Wolverine would probably think considering the situation, considering what Tony himself knew about blame and guilt, doing something with himself, something good, could be a way to atone for things that had been out of his control but had still happened by his hands. Of course he had a speech. If needed, he could probably spin a totally different one right now, right here, depending on how the mutant continued on.
She was looking back at him, though.
Except there weren't any reports to be done because Tony had already looked at the files, just before Jan had come in, and Rogers had had barely logged out at the time, all the work done, and unless there was something he'd forgotten there wasn't anything left to be done.
Problem being, Tony had a hard time finding something really good to say about himself, without it sounding too desperate, or feeling completely dishonest.
And he got up again, ready for round two.
A sarcastic comment about how CPR was usually done did not make it past his lips for various reasons, the first of which was that indeed, Steve had been – barely, but – conscious at that time and Tony couldn't help feeling cold and clammy as he considered once again that maybe Steve remembered something – just enough to...
No matter the cost, no matter the outcome, no matter the blame.
And also dangerously polished, the kind of look Stark used to sell to the press, to people he didn't care about, people who didn't know him, who didn't get to see past the facade.
He'd have liked to think that Steve's reluctance to speak on the comm – right, Avengers comms, Iron Man, not cellphone, Tony Stark – was due to the fact that Tony and thus Iron Man as his employee could very well be under scrutiny – which he was, but SHIELD didn't have access to absolutely everything yet – but well. He knew Steve, much better than Steve knew him.
He thought of the first time they'd seen each other since he was in this time period, of the fact that Steve Rogers' best friend Iron Man had died in his arms – by Tony's hands, in more than one way, not that Rogers knew that exactly, but still.
So, Captain America.
It wasn't anyone's problem except his own.
He watched as Steve did it, slowly, as much because it was a drink as because it was Steve doing it.
He'd tried, God knew he'd tried.
Tony was smiling behind the armor's face plate, grateful for the support in his earlier decision to come to the others' help nonetheless, and yet, at the same time he really wanted to hear it without the helmet on. He knew the smile was shaky at best, and if his eyes were gleaming, he wasn't quite sure if it was in happiness or in despair.
It was fine. It wasn't like Captain America had to want be Tony Stark's friend – it wasn't like anyone ever wanted to be Tony Stark's friend, but with Steve, at least, Tony hoped he could become something more than an acquaintance. Not even a good friend, not a best friend, but... a friend. Just a friend.
That, however, would need him to take off the mask, and he knew how well that'd go.
“I'll take your proposition into consideration, Mr. Stark.”
Tony made sure that his voice, even through the modulator, showcased how unimpressed he was with that argument.
Emma squinted at him, and but did not – overtly – call him on the obvious evasion.
“You told me that already. I'm talking about the fact that you don't do one night stands, to begin with.”
Except it did.
“Well, if it's not the armor, it's you.”
Failure, then.
“However, I'm well aware that my judgement is compromised, and more than that, I loathe being manipulated; I'll take it if it's for the greater good, but if it isn't, I'm not going to let Kang push me around. Which is why I need you to do something for me.”
Rogers flitted him a half-smile, but he still looked ill-at-ease and Tony had the unpleasant impression the man simply wanted to get out of here, away from him.
If Tony hadn't been on a power-grab – considering he'd let the job to Gyrich of all people, considering he'd basically disappeared not long after Steve's death – then what?
He probably hadn't, no, because Captain America wasn't that kind of man, was he?
What, not even a thought that maybe “Mr. Stark” was monitoring their conversation?
Tony didn't fight dirty, not with words, unless someone else started it first.
Tony just looked away.
Maybe it hadn't been about what Bucky deserved, but about making sure no one else suffered from what Bucky had lived through. Making sure that Bucky himself didn't have to deal with it alone, with Steve ignoring the pro...
He waved as he left.
Tony felt his smile disappear, but forced it to come back. He had to be reading this wrong, he had to. There was no way Captain America was looking at him like that, like he was astounded Tony would even want to talk to him.
And that, if nothing else, would be true.
“I... You're the only one who saw, for Carol. And I can't help but think, you knew because you'd seen it before. You saw your boss fall into that same hole, didn't you?”
Steve was more the kind to stand tall and glare at the problem until it shied away.
Not Cap – which was... a relief, he supposed.
Peter turned around, and though the mask hid it, Steve had no doubt about the cocky smile underneath.
Steve was already standing when the SHIELD agents came for him, to escort him to the courthouse – New York, public, civil, not military, and he wasn't sure whether it was for the best or to mock him, because he'd get to say what he had to say, because it wasn't about the military only, it was about civil rights, it was... or because they'd parade him around, because they'd make a show of his surrender. Just to be safe, he'd assume it was the latter.
“So, when a situation arose in China, and Tony had to dedicate most of his processing power towards stemming the technological virus that was endangering thousands of lives, preventing him from reacting in time as someone attacked him physically on the Helicarrier at the same time, well.”
He hadn't taken into account Steve's jealousy, either, but that was possibly only because that particular factor only worked in the case of that particular guess from Steve, a guess he hadn't thought possible to begin with.
Tony doubted one of those theories was the one Steve had himself come up with, seing the anger in his eyes – Steve was really good at acting civil, but he was also a terrible liar, and his eyes, more than anything else, never failed to convey how he actually felt about something.
A glare, and on some points, Steve guessed he deserved it. After all, he could remember Manhattan on fire vividly, and he could hardly argue that it hadn't been, for this at least, mostly his side's fault. It had been a mistake.
“Anthony Edward Stark, isn't it?'
Steve looked like he had a hard time not reaching out even more.
Peter was by his side in a blink, and Steve thought he might have missed the beginning of that sentence, because...
He couldn't say he wasn't relieved when his armor did not disappear at the hand of the Molecule Man, like Thor's hammer did, like Steve's shield did, like the Silver Surfer's board did. For all he knew, they'd have learned who he really was, and then, somehow, for some unfathomable reason that didn't even have anything to do with Tony being Iron Man, but that would nonetheless follow the reveal, the Avengers would leave him behind, too – assuming they didn't care about the fact that he had a history of cardiac problems, which was unlikely anyway, or about the fact that he was, well, him.
Steve didn't want anything to do with Tony Stark, clearly. Without really paying attention to what he was doing, Tony gestured at the corridor behind him, making it clear that he would just leave, then, and immediately followed suit.
Except knowing himself – and, more importantly, his public image – had that been the case, he wouldn't have admitted to it that easily.
Stark had positioned himself between the sniper and Steve while Steve had positioned himself between the marshal and the sniper.
“I was in the basement and I heard someone walking around above, and I thought I'd see, you know, who was up. If you... wanted company. How are you settling in, Cap? ...You fought Zemo, huh?"
And shit. There went his – unlikely, but you could always hope – idea that maybe Kang had done something – with Kang, there was no point extrapolating too much – with the timeline and that was what got on Steve's nerves.
Captain America was perfect. Captain A... – Steve Rogers liked people, and he tried to always see the good in them, not to let himself be prejudiced. Steve Rogers, moreover, didn't know anything about Tony's reputation, he didn't have, couldn't have unfair bias towards Tony Stark. Steve Rogers might be the one person who would give Tony a chance and not expect anything in return.
Peter's eyes lit up – good, it was good, he'd looked sick for the first three days after everything had gone back to normal.
Tony snorted, and the voice modulator turned it into a short, static sound.
Steve clenched his fists as he thought back to one of his last conversations with Tony. How Tony had dared to ask if... if...
His hearing seemed to explode on him, and he couldn't hear the rest, except the skrull who was very likely to be Agent Vera Lockhart – wait, V'ra, right, that was what not-Hank had said, and wasn't that the name of the scientist he'd met on Throneworld? – was kneeling next to him, trying to...
He could feel her fingers on him and then...
The voice was familiar, but he...
Tony's smile was bitter as he answered, and he didn't try to hide it.
When she stopped coughing, she looked at him with wide brown eyes – but there was a distinct lack of surprise there, or at least it soon took over, as if, well. She hadn't expected that, but wasn't particularly surprised either, now that she thought about it.
Tony didn't stop to think about how, perhaps, that was what the Cap-Tony Stark – lack of – relationship was missing. He had long decided not to go and try to spend time with Steve in the hope of making him see he wasn't so bad, really.
“So, as we're definitely not talking about Cap here...”
Jan didn't back away, stood her ground.
That, more than likely, what he was going to do now was more along the line of fighting against others trying to help, because he couldn't be bothered with hearing them out when they said they had it. That, in the end, he would only be fighting for himself, no matter what he liked to pretend – and, that was fine, you had a right to fight for yourself, but you didn't get to say your were doing it for others when you just ended up doing more damage.
It was a broken record, Tony realized. It always came back to that, and...
Steve's left hand was shaking – why was his left hand shaking? – so he gripped the hospital sheets harder, and didn't say a thing when Fury handed him a small device, saying it would allow them to communicate secretly before the trial and while Fury was wrestling SHIELD back into his own hands – something about the wishes of the dead, about how Stark had been the one to get Nick into that position to begin with, but Steve wasn't really listening at this point.
Why he was now barely able to move, secretly alive, and absolutely alone.
“I would never order something like that.”
“What if the real me is the asshole?”
And then didn't.
“Go ahead. Give it your best shot.”
He sent a repulsor blast just before Steve, both separating him from Sersi and making it obvious that he would not change his mind – knowing Steve, though, it probably translated as a threat of some kind, because Steve could never think anything wasn't personal when it came to the two of them... – this wasn't the moment to think about that.
Why would Steve care?
“So if you're sleeping with him, I hope to God it's worth it. I hope he's the amazing lay that everyone says he is. I hope he makes you brilliantly, wonderfully, ecstatically happy. Because he has you exactly where he wants you, doing exactly what he wants you to do. And if you do this for him, you're going to end up in SHIELD custody. You're going to lose everything.”
“They might surprise you.”
“It was Iron Man's plan.”
Ask away, I might have an answer for like 90% of the points, down to why I've used the past tense unlike Sineala ( like, obviously, because I'm more comfortable with it, but I also have a Tony-related reason)
How could he have left them all to clean up behind him, and never showed up again?
The other one took a step back as the first one aimed his weapon at Tony's head.
“I asked Miss Marvel, and she showed me the door.”
Except this wasn't about Tony Stark, but about Ho Yinsen. Steve would have to do with that terribly twisted answer, though, because he had asked him a question he couldn't answer honestly without compromising himself. It just wasn't possible. Tony had to answer as Iron Man, and so the only way to explain why he was Iron Man was by using Yinsen's memory.
And, of course, Steve did not talk about it next.
Hill's idiocy, again, and Steve's inability to even lie – couldn't he have said, maybe, okay, and still not done it? Was his word worth more than the problems he'd caused here?
He disappeared as Rhodey – you know, the true, the new, the useful Iron Man – saved another person from the flophouse. The man would probably try to save Tony from himself, but he didn't understand that it was already what Tony was doing: obviously he wasn't any good as CEO, as Iron Man, as a person anymore – maybe he never had been – and without the booze, he'd probably kill himself, because he was no good if... well. If he was no good to anyone.
Of course, he wasn't going to be able to sneak the Avengers back into the good graces of the UN and all other relevant authorities without Steve noticing, but he could still at least have a friendly talk with Maria Hill – God, at least with Fury at the helm both Tony and Iron Man hadn't needed to prove they were the good guys every two minutes, he should really have ordered a gigantic protrait of himself to remind them of who had started the freaking secret organization to begin with, but, time travel, secret identities, reasons, it hadn't happened and now... – and a few other of the people in power – Ugh, Gyrich; the man had good intentions but he couldn't help fucking up every now and then. He could offer up Stark Tower for HQ, he could finance everything – again – and in a few months he'd go back to distributing salaries while his quinjets would get wrecked every now and then. By then Steve would have gleefully forgotten that they “never needed it” and would just go back to eyeing Tony Stark distrustfully because obviously he had nefarious reasons for funding the Avengers.
Steve really had no idea what this was all about – not the timelines things, but the ghost-who-sneered-at-him-in-the-guise-of-Tony-Stark thing – what was the point of it, and what to do about it, so for now he just shut up and let the ghost analyze the attitude of the marshal guarding him and list the possible ways the man was taking in everything that was happening, good and bad and in-between, as they moved to transfer Steve back to his cell.
With that thought, Tony looked down at his gauntlets, and almost started crying again. Steve couldn't see it – mostly because he wasn't paying attention right now, not to that, no, he was too busy worrying about Iron Man, when really Iron Man was the problem once again – but there were tiny smears of dried blood on the armor, here and there, Tony's sensors could pick them up.
A small grey box fell off the armor, and it assembled right back over Tony. With the helmet back into place, he could just blast V'ra unconscious if he wanted and not even be affected. Take her back to the New Avengers, a prisoner, and they'd figure it out from there.
He wondered if maybe she was angry at Tony for that too.
“What... Oh. Mr. Stark. I'm sorry, sir, I didn't know...”
“But...!”
He had almost all his memories of Counter-Earth, and he could barely live with that, too.
He could already see Cap put on his stubborn-face, as the man reaffirmed his grip on Tony's shoulder, as if it would give his oncoming statement more truth.
He was barely not falling to the ground, himself, but he kept going, because if he fell down, he'd fail, and if he failed Steve would die. They would both die. Tony had started this to save Steve's life, not to add his own to the victims count – admittedly, he might still die, but he wasn't going to let both of them die. At best they would both survive, and at worst – at worst, Tony would only accept an exchange.
Tony winced behind the mask. This wasn't a question he could truthfully answer, but...
Not the happy kind of laughter, obviously.
Besides, that was only for the personal aspect of revealing himself as Iron Man, and even if, say, people were willing to believe him, a little self-satisfaction was definitely not worth all the other consequences. If there hadn't been quite as many super – or not-so-super, for the matter – villains running around, Tony might have considered telling the truth, but as things were, it would just attract even more unwanted attention onto SI, so, that was a no anyway.
To what? Help? Why?
Tony looked back at Steve for a moment, then quickly looked away.
His whole body tore itself apart, the armor shaking around him – and he knew, he knew it wasn't the case, but it felt like the armor was the only thing keeping him in one piece – Extremis screaming in his mind, through his body, like a reminder of all the times he'd been dying, every single time his body had failed him, the times he did die, the times he...
He finally reached his friend, managed to sit next to him, to check on him, and...
At least not about being worried for Steve.
It didn't matter. In a few months, a few weeks perhaps, Tony wouldn't be here anymore.
Well. It wasn't like Tony Stark ever measured up to Captain America's standards, anyway. Tony, for sure, had never pretended to; he knew himself, he knew how pathetic he could be, too well to think that. But once upon a time, he'd believed that Cap, being perfect and all, would not begrudge someone for not being as perfect as he himself was.
When he passed the door, he immediately saw Kooning standing next to the president's desk, and Maria Hill a bit farther back.
“If you want to tell me this is a mistake and we should... we should end it, I... I want more of an explanation than that. You can't just tell me we don't make sense and leave it at that!”
Who was he, to say that he would not help, for fear of screwing up? Who was he, to say that his conscience was worth more to him than the potential lives of innocents?
He'd never been good at watching the world burn.
Which wasn't that difficult, really. All he had to do was to think about what arguments people would use against him if he had phrased his own opinion like Steve had, about what arguments he himself always took into account when making a decision, because it was better to decide such a thing when you knew that there weren't any foolproof solutions, and only some more or less pleasant compromises.
Misty took a moment to breathe slowly – in, out – probably in order not to say something she'd regret later.
He remembered the adamantium shield in his office, where Steve had left it to mark his anger. Which was stupid, really, the “Captain” should better have kept it and done what was right with it, even if just to spite Tony – which, of course, wouldn't have worked, because it was the point of giving Steve a shield even when he knew it'd probably be used against him, but it wasn't like Steve would ever see that.
Which was, well. Of course superheroes could make mistakes, they were humans too – and those who weren't were still people – but the point was, everyone made mistakes, including Gyrich. Not trusting superheroes could only be hypocritical if you trusted normal people to handle it instead.
She looked furious.
Tony shouldn't have to impose himself on him, though, not even for one afternoon. But it was necessary, if he wanted to go after the real murderer, to clear Iron Man's name, even as it was impossible for him to go as Iron Man. He needed the self-defense lesson, to get Iron Man back. Steve didn't know that, of course, but in the end, that was what they both wanted, wasn't it?
Steve gulped, and Tony knew that what would follow would be the truth.
Fury, blunt as always, said it again.
Maya tried to get him to call the Avengers. He'd hesitated, he'd thought about not doing it at all, but ultimately he left a message to the database while he was changing things in Maya's work, a message that told them what to do if he didn't wake up, a message that would disappear afterwards, and might go unread as everyone was in their own shit at the moment, Steve still doing... whatever he'd been obsessing about lately, and apparently Peter was busy dealing with one of his numerous villains and Tony didn't exactly know about the others but their Identicards said they were engaged in important acitivities right now, like preventing people from being flattened by a villain and it wasn't like he could ask them to drop it to go and save other people from being burned alive instead.
What it meant, he didn't know. But it sure as hell meant something.
A bit doubtful about sitting on Steve's couch fully armored, though.
He glanced at the way Steve had disappeared, only a minute before.
Meanwhile, reports from Tigra about what ran the rumor mill amongst the rogues told Tony that the Punisher had killed two people – criminals, but apparently that wasonly enough of an excuse when Captain America said so – in the anti-registration side's very presence, and still walked away, because he hadn't put up a fight afterwards.
This time no one was around, or at least they didn't come running the moment he woke up. An alarm clock was left on the desk, telling him it was seven twenty-two in the morning – which was late, by Steve's standards, but he guessed getting shot did that to a person? Not that he had a lot of experience getting shot and recovering after that. Oh, wait, he did.
As a man who knew he only had a limited amount of time left to live, he hugged back. That was what they both needed, right now.
Steve was sulking, rolled almost all the way into a ball of misery and self-righteousness. He didn't look up from his moping, head tipped down towards his knees.
This time again, he didn't wait for an answer.
“I could have brought your 'friends' over, you know. I knew who Iron Man was, and everyone knew where to find you. You were, after all, 'the most successful sapiens' under a rule of mutants. But I didn't.”
So, right. Iron Man speaking, not Tony Stark.
When he decided to continue being Iron Man, Tony certainly hadn't expected that he'd have to whore himself out in that identity too – luckily, all this “whoring out” was purely metaphorical, as the ambassador wasn't exactly his type.
Maybe he could convince Henry to go and talk to her.
The second agent smirked and turned back into a skrull too.
“What are you trying to imply, Misty?”
More than ever, Tony was aware of how he stood, how he looked, legs apart as if to reaffirm his control over the situation when really it was just easier to stay upright that way, jacket rumpled, shirt barely tucked-in, tie askew, hair done but still a bit unruly. It would be worse, of course, if they could all see what he'd concealed this morning, after having had a drink to carry him through the first hours, the dark shadows under his eyes, the stubble, the way it all told how he'd woken up on his chair instead of his bed, still dressed, an empty glass next to his hand, before he took care of it. Tony could look worse than he did right now, but he had never looked like that before, not in public.
He remembered the heat from the desert, the fires he'd started as he'd gunned for Karzai and Lemar – no, he didn't, he didn't have any memory of the incident, of the, of the freaking slaughter, but he remembered Afghanistan, more than ten years ago, the heat, the fire, the pain, the death.
Was it Tony Stark who was being manipulated, or was it Iron Man? If they'd gotten to him, which him had been reached? Worse, maybe. What if they knew? What if it was both of them?
It smelled of bourbon.
Tony blinked his eyes open, only to notice that he didn't have the helmet on – his heart made a leap, panicking at the idea that the others were probably here too, that they'd see – if they hadn't yet – that they'd know – and of course he didn't think that Captain America would leave him stranded in the Savage Land, no matter angry he would be, but there were other ways this could go, other consequences he didn't want to think about, and...
All Tony had to do was to find the right proposition for him to stay.
Anthony shrugged, and went back to watching the screens. It wouldn't do if someone changed something in his past that he didn't want to change, something that'd disturb the plan that had started to grow in his mind after he'd realized Tony's two friends were in Chronopolis. Kang had made sure Anthony himself would not do anything to compromise his plans, but had he taken into account what Anthony could say, if not do?
Now Iron Man, who fortunately hadn't been outed to those who remembered House of M – somehow – was with Carol, Luke, Peter, and Jen at the tower, and Peter was enthusiastically reminding everyone of the Tony Stark of House of M – in order not to have to think about his own life back there, the things it might mean and he didn't want to contemplate, surely.
It was the right move, because that was what they were supposed to do – helping, even when it was at their own deficit.
“He told me once that I'd always have Iron Man at my back.”
“I've been trying to figure out where exactly Tony went when he decided he'd rather wash his hands of the mess he'd made.”
If they couldn't, well.
Things had gone on too long, now, and it was time to move on.
As close as he'd ever get to touch Steve again, he thought – bitter, considering the most actual human contact he'd ever had with Steve was during the whole Carnelian debacle. He pat – with the armor on, difficult to do much more gentle – his way up to Steve's face, ended up cupping his cheek. Absently hoped it didn't hurt – not quite able to throw away the vicious wish that it did, at least a little.
He needed to sit down, and to explode his own skull with a – wait, shame there were no bottles of alcohol left around here, that would have been more than appropriate.
Peter squinted at him, and...
But he didn't have the time, and he didn't have the heart to try and make Steve see, to show him exactly how Steve was very intelligent, but once he had an assumption he never let go of it and to hell with any evidence that didn't corroborate his view of the world.
The woman-who-looked-like-Jan gave him a tight smile.
A derisive look, a sharp laugh.
If magic wasn't, Strange would nonetheless be useful, if only because he knew things about alternate realities and whatnot.
So he was asking. Let them at least pretend.
Tony wasn't going to let this particular failure stop him – not yet. Captain America was perfect, and he didn't judge people only on first impressions. If Tony tried again, if he showed Steve that he wasn't only that first impression, Steve would give him another chance. Captain America was always fair, after all.
Right. Because that was totally going to happen.
Steve didn't tell him the contrary either. In fact, he didn't say anything.
He wondered if, perhaps, Steve would wonder why exactly Tony Stark would let Iron Man order him around. Why Iron Man would think it a good idea to send Tony Stark of all people to apologize to Captain America.
Happy was simplifying the whole situation, Tony guessed, but he wasn't off the mark.
“I'm not giving up on you, Stark. This is the real you if you want it to be so, and even if you revert back to that guy, I'm going to do what I have to do to convince him he's better off being you.”
Oh, hey! Apparently the witty comments were back on.
“Was he... hurt?”
“Maybe I learned it from you.”
He'd almost ask, would you rather I chose to do something I thought was wrong just to please you, Steve, to make you think you were right and coddle our so-called friendship? Almost, because it wasn't like Steve could even consider that maybe there was an actual reason why Tony Stark and Iron Man supported the upcoming act.
If the ghost had been here, he'd be telling him there was no point thinking that, because the reality wouldn't have been different, had Steve not read the goddamn newspapers.
Tony lit the match, and stared at the flame for a moment.
That was completely stupid, and never going to work, if only for a few dozens of thousands of reasons, starting with the fact that while Tony did not need the salary, that while Steve could make do without it, not everyone was in such a good situation and they might not want to commit to a team when they could barely make sure they weren't evicted by the next month.
Steve saw Carol's expression closing back on itself, as comprehension of his words fell. As if it was all starting to make sense to her – his actions, his reactions, his mistakes – and she really didn't like the picture it was painting.
But just in case, he'd keep an eye on their friendship, from now on, to see if it could actually fall into that category as well, or if he was just reading things that weren't here to begin with.
Tony simply stared for a moment, unwilling to point out that Tony was the one saying it because Iron Man wasn't here right now – which, lie, but whatever – unwilling to comment that this statement strongly implied Iron Man still was the same person and Steve knew it, unwilling to remark that once again Steve thought he was a liar – and not about the things he actually lied about, no, about important things, about doing what he thought was right, about protecting people.
In the end, with Steve, it wasn't so much “do what's right” than “do as I say”. Because what Steve said was right by virtue of having been said by him, wasn't it? If you didn't get the Steve Rogers Stamp of Approval, then obviously you were in the wrong. And, as Tony Stark would never – because he was Tony Stark, obviously – get the Steve Rogers Stamp of Approval, well.
“Who are they?”
"You're feeling okay?"
What could it be this time?
If nothing else, on the fact that none of those who could do it besides himself actually wanted to.
The other Tony had disappeared with a terrified look on his face, just as the device had been activated. Whatever this was, it was messing with Extremis.
“I think what you think, Tony. More than that, most of the sleeper agents just think 'like the originals would', because the originals are asleep in their pods, but I've woken you up, which means that not only I'm thinking 1) for myself, 2) like you, but also 3) in tandem with your thougths. So I'm not particularly surprised when you say you don't believe me, but.”
How can we trust the existence of such a database, Stark?
A snort.
“The official story, Captain, is that following a large attack in China and the need for his personal intervention, and due to personal circumstances that came during that intervention, Director Stark had to step down indefinitely. He offered suggestions for his replacements, but if SHIELD was indeed handed back to Director Fury as per his wish, the same cannot be said about the gestion of Registration, which went to Henry Gyrich against Director Stark's judgment. What followed is not relevant to SHIELD, and therefore it is not my place to inform you of it.”
Of course, that meant Tony was going to have to keep his business under a very tight grip, that he was going to need to invent at least three best-seller products by next month to assure that SE wasn't going to crumble under him and the Avengers, that he was going to have to accelerate the works on the Maria Stark Foundation so that no loose ends could come and slap them back in the head, all that while being Iron Man on a full-shift basis again.
Steve was probably going to assume something about him and the new Iron Man, about how it was all his fault, and he wouldn't be right about it, even if he wouldn't be wrong about Tony's responsibility in it. Let him make assumptions. It wasn't like it would change anything, anyway.
But that, too, had happened because Tony had let it happen – not that there had been much of an alternative at the time, considering the state he had been in – so he had to correct it. The plan was to disable the armors, then signal SHIELD for them to come and make sure nothing happened with the prisoners of the Vault in the meantime.
Steve wasn't sure what happened then, because he felt wrong again, and passed out not long after.
There were thousands of moments going through the screens, as Kang's system searched for any intrusion in his timeline that could be attributed to someone trying to influence Anthony back into being the man he'd been before Kang had decided he'd mess with him – which, if his suspicions were right, wasn't quite what Kang himself had told him anyway, because since when were you supposed to be honest with the person you mind-controlled?
Steve grabbed his arm, and flipped him over and into a wall – not violently, no, but still, Tony ended upside down with his back against a wall and his head and shoulders on the mat, so.
“You know how it is, there wasn't anything good on TV.”
Before he knew it, Misty told him to be well – he wasn't listening, he barely noticed – and Steve was standing alone, in the middle of the street, because, because, because.
Maybe an integrated warning for whoever had the overrides after a certain lapse of time doing questionable things? Of course that could get in the way of him actually getting things done when things needed to get done, so he'd have to think carefully about what constituted questionable things – aside from straight up murder.
“I'm not... I've never been sexually attracted to men before, Steve, and even now there's just you. Like, I can tell if a man is 'attractive', of course I can, I have eyes, but I'm not attracted to them for all that. They're... aesthetically pleasing, not like women can be, because when women are aesthetically pleasing I also find them attractive. And even you, I don't know how to explain it because it just doesn't make sense, but I... Listen, I'm attracted to you, but not because you're a man, only because you're you and I have feelings for you,
"It's all about control. Back then, he wanted all his technology. Last year it was a Cabinet post. Now he wants to run Registration. He wants that list of names. He wants to have everything, to know everything, to keep it all under his thumb.”
Anthony, young, reading the dictionary – no one gets to judge, okay – and finding the definition of hypocrisy: “the practice of professing standards, beliefs, etc, contrary to one's real character or actual behaviour, esp. the pretence of virtue and piety”. Realizing that it was intricately tied with trying to be a better person, that you couldn't do one without risking the other.
Steve didn't answer right away, and Tony would have bet half his fortune the man was currently blushing. Honestly, the guy had no problem fucking him senseless but the moment he had to put words on it he went redder than a poppy.
Still, he wondered why the pitch he gave Rhodey about the armor – he wasn't forcing him to use it, damn it, just telling him to take it and have the choice ready – passed for assholish, when it'd be called inspirational if it were coming from Captain America – Steve would probably add in something about it being your duty to protect when it was within your power, basically shame-forcing you into doing it, at that.
He'd do with even half an answer, with something incomplete and vague, just an indication towards how to be a better man, a better friend – which, again, Steve didn't know about – as long as it meant he wasn't a completely hopeless case.
“There has to be a way to answer both concerns without... without it becoming Registration.”
The ghost snorted at him.
The door shut, he took the helmet – his eyes went directly to the mirror, and here he was, looking terrible, but at least he was alive, wasn't he, unlike all the people who weren't and that because of him – and his left gauntlet off.
It wasn't a matter of drinking or being better, at that point.
Steve obviously didn't feel that way – or at least, he never did when it came to Tony Stark. Everyone else, except genocidal supervillains such as the Red Skull, deserved a second chance, but not Tony Stark.
Not because he believed they were right to, but because he'd surrendered – because he'd seen the consequences of their fighting, and on that point at least, if only on that point... Stark had been right. Except for the fact that Stark had been right there fighting, too. The consequences were his too.
Before the truth could settle – if it wasn't a dream, if he'd been shot, if he still had the wound, if it had been real, then...
There were literally dozens of reasons why that would have been one of the stupidest ways to go about murdering Yinsen's murderers, but Tony didn't think Steve really cared about that – about the facts that, come on, if he really wanted them dead he wouldn't have waited that long, and really it wasn't like there weren't any easier ways to do this than by hacking the Iron Man armor and somehow making “Iron Man” forget it all, or how it was a nightmare on PR, and did he say anything about how he could have just hired high-end mercenaries to do the dirty job?
If... If Tony wanted to befriend Steve, he thought as his eyes fell on Cap in the kitchen, who, once again, wasn't sleeping even at 03:00 – and, yes, Tony obviously wasn't either, but it wasn't like anyone cared about that – now was the time to start. It had to be now or never, because if he didn't now, what told him he would ever manage to do it later? – because later would probably not cut it, because Steve didn't deserve to be alone just because Tony was feeling insecure.
“I could have handled that.”
Steve had never been the type to ignore the problem – heroes generally weren't.
“Stop it.”
“You're sure Mr. Stark can't help you? If they're targetting people connected to him, it seems like maybe he ought to be involved.”
Aside from the fact that Steve, once again, didn't even question how exactly Tony could have pulled placing Iron Man inside SHRA without giving his identity to anyone, how he'd managed to be put at the head of Registration without revealing who was his bodyguard, well. It wasn't entirely wrong.
She didn't seem to find the words, so she just took a deep breath and a look at Rhodes, who looked away and didn't comment on the fact that he hadn't told her Tony Stark was Iron Man – except the man's eyes fell on a recollection of him beating a defenseless, barely recovering Tony Stark with the Iron Man armor, and he sucked in a breath and looked away from the control wall as if he'd been burned by the sight.
