“Your business trip tomorrow isn’t actually a business trip. It’s Pepper’s gift to us. A week off. We’re flying to Japan to be tourists, at least as much as we can be.”
“Yeah pizza. But only if you answer the door looking like that.”
“Yeah?” Tony breathed, more and more of his brain focusing single-mindedly on the teeth that were now nipping at his belly-button.
Finally, he eases his grip and turns to the firefighters and Mrs. Ortega, all of whom are staring at him with a range of expressions varying from wry amusement to perturbed indignation. He grins sheepishly and pulls Tony deeper into the shadow of his body, shivering as rain seeps through his jacket.
“Tony, Tony, wherefore art, um art thou Tony?—“
“Holy shit!”
Tony looks up the meaning behind the flowers later and has to sit down for a moment, because “admiration?” “Faith and hope?” It’s hard to wrap his head around. “Passion” on the other hand… Well, Steve’ll figure out soon enough that Tony hasn’t got very many admirable qualities, what with the booze and the playboy reputation and the ability to screw up virtually any battle plan, literal or figurative. And the faith and hope? Tony’s probably going to disabuse Steve of those ideas, too. In the meantime, Tony can definitely answer the “passion” count with equal fire. Needless to say, his lingerie collection goes over well with Steve a few weeks later.
“Everything is fine. He’s in the laundry room. You go on down and give him a piece of your mind for being thirty minutes late.”
“Yes, sir.”
Steve frowns down at his phone for a moment, raises his hand, and hails a taxi. The hail’s subsiding a little bit, and Steve will take his chances with broken glass. He rattles off his address and shoots a text to Pepper.
“I’m from Manhattan. And I didn’t say I didn’t like it. My exact words were, ‘What a mouth on you, Rogers.’” Tony leers a little, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. “I think that’s really quite a compliment, don’t you?”
“Never.”
“Is, are, um, are your parents expecting us? At one of these parties?”
“And get your boyfriend some cooking lessons,” another added derisively, turning away with a snort.
And suddenly eight months have gone by and Steve still hasn’t put away his misguided ideas of “faith” and “hope” and “admiration.” And somehow, Tony can’t break the…the
“You—fucking—asshole,” Steve says between kisses, nipping at Tony’s jaw, digging nails into his thin t-shirt. “What—the fuck? Smiley faces? Fucking—smiley faces, Tony?”
“Tony!”
“I can’t tell you what an honor it is to work on this project. I’ve admired the Iron Man armor for years. I actually wrote my bachelor’s thesis on the engineering of it. The joining of man and machine! Neural synapses tied into transistors and pneumatics and servos! We’re on the cusp of something amazing, Colonel. An age in which man and technology join as one, to the betterment of both. And not, my hope is, just for warfare. The men coming back from Vietnam now are surviving injuries that often killed men in World War II. They’re missing limbs, experience traumatic brain injuries. Just think how a lighter version of the Iron Man armor could help those men. Or imagine if your automobile could tell you that it sensed another automobile approaching from your blind spot and you could tell it to respond accordingly! With your mind!”
Steve smiles a slow smile at him. “Let’s go up and order that pizza and get an ice pack on your shoulder. I’ll even let you have a beer.”
“Not if they keep shitting the bed like this.”
“Not many people have mouths as talented as yours, Steve.”
“…da nobis hodie, et dimitte…nobis…debita…nostra…”
“If we have, Bucky, then a beautiful dame in need of saving is just around that corner, and she’ll be very thankful to you!”
North of Hartford, the landscape begins to change, suburbia giving way to thick, musty forests, the trees flaming with deeper color as the air grows colder. Tony asks for a pee break in Windsor Locks, and Steve takes advantage of the chance to check his phone. The forecast still calls for clear skies and perfect riding weather. He gives the cloud bank one last wary glance, and then follows Tony into the restroom to take care of business. He should’ve known better than to trust the weather app.
Bucky, after an uncomfortable pause, continued. “It sounds like it’s Tony, and this seems like the kind of place he always winds up. Creepy castles, abandoned tombs, booby traps. Just once couldn’t one of these rumored objects be in, I don’t know, the Ritz? Could barely sleep last night, what with the wolves and the bats.”
“No, that
For dessert, Tony’s a little more suggestive. Chocolate dipped strawberries, chocolate fondue (Steve told him the fondue story one night, drunk on Thor’s moonshine, and Tony hasn’t forgotten), perfect white peaches split in two, bananas sitting suggestively in their peels, and ice cream on the side. There’s no booze—Tony’s been cutting back and Steve only wants to get tipsy once in a blue moon anyway. Besides, he wants to remember this. He wants
“Oh my god, thank you. I really…if they’d given me more warning I would’ve…you know…been responsible and gone out and—“
Looking over his shoulder, Tony’s eyes are quizzical. “What is it?”
“Nonsense. I know we’re a B&B, but we do like to take care of people who get the wrong side of the weather like this. You should see the folks who come through when the Nor’easters start blowing.”
Unable to cough up another word of his own, Tony stepped aside and gestured, welcoming Steve into his room. He was acutely aware of his freshly cleaned backside, of all the prep he’d done in the shower while thinking of a fervent night with a few old favorites. Steve was right
“Pig spleen?”
“There’re not a lot of people I’d let carry me around like this, you know?” he says into Steve’s hair. “Is this you saying yes?”
Tony’s already shoving his way over scattered mechanical parts and at least three laptops, dropping the bags on top of his coffee table, which is also covered in a layer of circuit boards and soldering wire. “Jesus fucking Christ,” Steve says as he steps in, glancing around. In spite of Tony’s grimy state, nothing in the apartment seems particularly filthy. Just incredibly disorganized and haphazard. Steve can’t even locate the doors that would lead to other rooms, since there are several pieces of sheet metal propped against the walls. “Where do you even sleep?”
Tony’s eyes go wide and his cheeks go pink, but Steve’s already turning back to the laundry room, studying it with a critical eye. “First thing’s first. Let’s get this mess cleaned up. I’m gonna run up to my place and get a mop and some towels. Maybe a bucket. You…you know mechanics. Get the machines shut down. Completely powered off. I don’t care how you do it so long as you don’t break ‘em.”
“Steven! Congratulations my friend! Your venture succeeded!”
“Love you,” Steve whispers, drawing Tony even closer, hitching a knee over Tony’s legs. There’s no response but a sleepy, contented murmur and the drizzle of the rain against the windows.
“I can’t believe you convinced me to do this,” Tony grumbles as Steve passes him a helmet.
Steve could do nothing but surrender to the touch. His focus narrowed down to a fist and a rhythm, blood throbbing hypnotically, heart beating frantically, neck and hips aching for more more more. And Tony gave it. Sweet pleasure, icy skin on burning flesh, teeth at his neck, nibbling in more lovebites. The other hand toying with pebbled nipples, occasionally flashing down to Steve’s balls to fondle and play. Sex with Tony had always been good, but never like this. Time disappeared again, and his world became pleasure and sweet pain, and pleasure again.
She spat at Bucky’s feet and turned her face away, crossing herself. Bucky didn’t offer an apology, but he did drop several coins on the table. “For your trouble. And the baker’s.” He said, turning away. To Steve: “The fortress, they say.”
Steve resists the urge to pull Tony into his arms and squeeze for the next twenty minutes. Maybe the Stark family had done other things. Maybe…
Steve grunted assent but didn’t add his own thoughts. The town was visible in the distance, gray on gray on gray. It was as though all the color had been washed out of the world. Yet he felt strangely drawn toward it, a low thrumming he could feel in his chest.
“Couldn’t sleep. Can’t sleep.”
Thor is looking more and more mortified by the second. “Has the Rupicola somehow come early? Has there not yet been consummation?”
“But the cabin!” Tony says, and Steve turns to look at him quizzically. If he didn’t know better, he’d say Tony’s nearly panicked.
But he wants this Christmas, their first together as a couple, their first as two people engaged to be married, to be special, so he goes all in. He writes up a game plan and presents it to Tony, outlining each step with military precision.
“Of course my answer’s yes,” Steve says, and turns awkwardly, caught between going to the bed, which would probably feel nicer on his knees, or heading to the fireplace, which will be warm and romantic, but maybe not the most comfortable. In his arms, Tony makes a soft noise in his throat, the hummed pleasure of a cat, and then he leans forward and presses his forehead to Steve’s.
With two hours to deadline, Tony finally managed to unsnag the last line of code and send it through. A new smart bot, one designed for searching and detonating IEDs so soldiers wouldn’t have to, whirred to life and aimed its tiny periscope cam at him inquisitively, awaiting input. The right mix of AI—not so sophisticated that army programmers could turn it into an offensive weapon, but not so improbably slow that it failed to do its job. Three iterations ago it’d tried to bring the dummy bomb to Tony, and that was clearly a no-go, so he’d started the code from the bottom up and programmed until the edges of his vision went blurry. It needed testing. Testing.
“Sorry. Can’t. Word.”
He opens his eyes to catch Tony’s warm glittering stare. “Yeah,” Tony says, nose buried in his own cider. “It’s not too shabby.” And then, because he’s Tony, he also glances significantly at Steve’s crotch and wriggles his eyebrows. “Plus the view’s great.”
An eternity later all that was left was the pit, and Steve popped it into his mouth, sucking at the flesh and juice, pushing it into his cheek to chew briefly, sucking and hollowing again. He extracted the pit, pursing his lips around it to catch the very last of the fruit, and Tony watched the way his lips went pink and wet with the effort. With an astounding precision, Steve placed the pit on the counter and looked up at Tony again, still through his lashes. Tony allowed himself to be frozen for all of three seconds before turning tail and bolting out of the kitchen, not waiting for Steve to speak.
“Well, for once, we…” Steve pauses and self-consciously reaches over to knock on the mahogany end table. “For once, we didn’t have a space invasion on our hands, so I thought we’d surprise you. So much for the man with a plan, seeing’s as how this one didn’t work out at all.”
“I’d probably cry tears made of solid diamonds, Buck, that’s what I’d do. Solid fucking diamonds.”
“Hmm?” he asks, not bothering to close his eyes.
, still blushing like a bride, head bowed, looking up through those damnable lashes.
“Quia tuum est regnum, et potestas, et Gloria, in saecula. Amen.” With the Amen, Tony fell to his knees, as did the other vampires, joining Bucky where he was for the moment helpless on the ground. Steve stepped past them all, looking at the ornate crypt door they had come to. “Drakul” was inscribed upon it, and Steve took up the Lord’s Prayer again, muttering it with all his heart, cringing at the way Tony twisted in agony.
“Pater…”
Tony had never seen anyone eat so slowly or with such intent. Juice dripped down Steve’s chin, down his forearm. The heady scent of peach wafted toward Tony, sending him swaying as though he’d inhaled fairy ambrosia. All the while he was arrested in Steve’s gaze. At one point, Steve left off the fruit to lick at the juice on his arm, as meticulous as any cat, his tongue as pink as the peach skin, his expression self-satisfied, though a heady blush had blossomed across his cheeks and down his neck, disappearing beneath the collar of his T-shirt. When the last of the juice was gone, he returned to his prize, all the while still spinning that ridiculous pair of tiny panties on his finger.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I…”
When Tony’s finished his shuddering, Steve rolls onto the carpet and pulls Tony down with him. They lay in a sweaty wet heap, breathing in and out and in again. In a half-doze, adrenaline crash hitting as hard as a battering ram, Steve murmurs, “Show you pie tomorrow. God you’re hopeless.”
For Stony Bingo prompt "language."
“Twenty, thank you I’m not a complete baby.”
“Oh! Oh, you’re Steve!” Her expression changes in an instant, and she bustles into the hallway and extends a hand to him. “Hi, I’m Pepper. Tony’s friend. Is he not answering his door?”
“Don’t get your panties in a twist, Rogers. There’re still six innings.”
super ugly tree. We made it together. That’s got to count for more than looks, right?”
Carol is a stalwart sort and waits patiently until Steve emerges from under his desk. “Home. Right now. I don’t want to see you again until the doctor gives you the all clear.”
“I love you,” he says, kissing Steve’s forehead. “I love you.” His nose. “I love you, I love you, I love you.” Cheeks, chin, lips. Under Tony’s whispered “I love you”s, Steve drifts off into a peaceful sleep.
At New Haven, they pull over so Steve can stretch his legs and Tony can caffeinate. The weather is absolutely perfect—clear blue skies and crisp air, the trees they pass slowly shading toward yellow. Standing next to his bike, watching the line of Tony’s throat as he drinks his coffee, Steve feels contentment settle in his chest like a bird come to roost. Impulsively, he grabs Tony’s arm and swings him into the cradle of his body, careful to steady the hand holding the coffee. Tony looks up with startled eyes, but accepts Steve’s kiss easily enough.
“Find,” Tony grunted, and the bot happily rolled off to the mock test range. “Not perfect,” Tony murmured, slumping down against the table to watch. “Just functional. Just need you to do your job. Can tweak later.” It’s little treads bumbled across sand and rocks, grinding a little in a way that, just for a moment, sent Tony back five years in time. His fingers clenched compulsively at the table before he forced himself to let go.
“Romanov, give my fiancée his stuff back.”
“God’s honest shit cracker truth.”
“Yeah!” Steve says, leaping to his feet and leaning in, remote clutched in hand. The right outfielder is sprinting for the backboards, and Tony can already see the trajectory. It all depends on how high the guy can jump. The two batters on base have already rounded home plate, and Murphy is flying like the devil’s on his heels. Even Bucky’s leaning forward now, elbows on his knees and face intent.
“Good.”
“Tony called us up and told us what happened,” Bucky said, slinging his arm around Nat’s shoulders. “We didn’t want Christmas to be a complete bust for either of you, so we shuffled some stuff around, rearranged some family stuff. We’re not gonna make you suffer through Christmas alone in bed with no special food or presents or nothing, Steve.”
“Now, see. The thing is. To prove to my parents that I’m actually worthy of my inheritance and my cut of the company, I kind of have to prove I’m a responsible adult. And apparently the way one proves one is a responsible adult is not through earning a living wage, but rather through cleaning one’s apartment properly and feeding oneself on more than coffee and doughnuts. Do you see where I’m going with this, Steve?”
Maybe bringing back the enormous peaches from Japan had been a subconscious thing on Tony’s part, but then again, maybe it hadn’t been. He’d been picking through the designer food court at Maruzen and the huge pink blush of peach fuzz had caught his eye. Peaches were a special treat, right? Especially when they bruised so easily coming up to New York from more southerly climates. Peaches would be a nice treat. And they were so…pink. Pinker than any American peach he’d ever seen. And…they were packed in underwear. No one had ever accused Tony of having good impulse control anyway. He had to have them.
Steve flipped through page after page, laying down blocks of color without trying for any smaller detail. He was more interested in the way the dawning light painted the rock and sea, the way the colors shifted rapidly from dusky blue to golden yellow. Abruptly, a puffin hopped into view, peering curiously into their tent. Steve grinned and flipped to a new page, sketching their guest with gusto.
Steve hears the bathroom door close, but he doesn’t bother to open his eyes. It hardly seems worth the effort. It’s only when he hears Tony’s raised voice that he rouses himself a little, blinking around at the door. Through it, he can only catch about one word out of five, but they sound agitated. “(Muffle rumble muffle) idiot (muffle growl muffle) can’t believe (growl expletive mumble) fucking hell.”
And suddenly Tony loomed before him. “Of course this is me! This is me as I never dreamed! My heart is healed! I have all eternity to search out the strange secrets of this world! The orichalcum allows me to resist
“Good, Tony. How are you feeling now? A little more settled.”
“Here Tony,” Steve said, setting down a bowl of oatmeal with banana coins on top. “Try eating a little for me. Just enough to help settle you.” Tony tried to reach for the spoon only to have it swim just out of grasp. Like an eel. He frowned down and tried again but it stubbornly remained out of reach.
“You didn’t actually propose to me yet.”
Steve snorted and pulled back, studying Tony’s face as he caught his breath. “Yeah?”
“Babe, have you looked in a mirror today?” Steve wheezes between his swallowed laughter. To soften the blow, he reaches up and cups the clean side of Tony’s face, his lips still wriggling uncontrollably with his laughter.
“Who’s asking?”
When Tony was done playing with him, they rose from the bath, though Steve was so lassitudinous he could barely stand. Tony supported him at the waist, helping him along back to the bedroom, where he dressed Steve in warm flannel pajamas and a silk smoking jacket in blue and then led him back out into the fortress, down candlelit hallways lined in shadows.
“What?”
The bot finished the last of the disarmament protocol and swept its camera again, asking Tony for permission to return. He glanced at the clock. Hour-and-a-half to deadline. Beautiful. With a flick of his wrist, he typed in the commands for return, charging and self-diagnostic. It would be enough. It had to be. Tony needed it to be because he’d been awake…slowly he blinked at the clock and tried to focus. The numbers blurred in and out before sharpening, and he sucked at his teeth. He’d been awake way too long, that’s what he’d been.
The kid spits indignantly at that, but seems resigned. “If you want a place to stay,” he says, whipping out a map from under the counter, “you’re gonna want The Knoll. Mary’ll treat you right.” He walks Steve through the route and then offers them the map free of charge.
“But we didn’t…” Steve starts, and Mary waves her hand.
Afterward, in a sweaty pile, finally warm and mostly dry, Steve stares into the crackling fire and holds Tony close to his chest. “Did you seriously forget the ring?” he asks, a teasing smile in his voice.
“My entire life,” he says as he scrambles to his unsteady feet.
“No, it’s fine. I know…” Steve has to pause and take a deep breath. He can do this. For Tony, he can do this. “I know all this is new to you. Just, in the future, keep in mind that baking is chemistry, and chemistry—”
“I calls ‘em like I sees ‘em,” Steve says as his head droops, hands running over his face. On the screen, the batter makes an easy walk to first, and the next guy slams a double right away. Just like that, the Yankees are up by two points, and Steve is moaning like he’s just been socked in the stomach. “They paid off the ump. There’s no way…”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about,” he mumbles, resisting the urge to groan at the brief relief her cool hand had brought. “I feel…” His stomach churns, rebels, and he only just has time to turn and evacuate it into his waste bin.
Tony’s lips were on his neck, and sweet agony beckoned. He closed his eyes and let it take him.
“Rogers! Colonel wants you on the double!”
“I see you, Romanov. I know exactly what you’re doing.” She only smirks harder as Steve nods hugely and turns back to the window.
Steve gave him the best smile he could muster, a weathered, mirthless thing which had long since forgotten the kind of warmth Tony offered. And then he turned to leave. At the door, he paused. “Ross said the plane was at 0600 tomorrow. I’ll see you there. And Tony?” He looked over his shoulder, watching this beautiful man crack further, wishing he could save him this first painful scar of war. “If you’re Merlin to my Arthur, you might as well call me Steve.”
Tony is drowsing on the couch when a sharp crack wakes him. He blinks around blearily, trying to figure out what caused the sound, but the apartment is silent and dark. It’s late and he hadn’t meant to sleep, but he’d wanted to wait up for Steve. Tony glances at the glowing green numerals of the DVD clock and frowns; speaking of, Steve was supposed to be home almost forty minutes ago. Tony gropes for his phone and checks for texts, but there’s nothing. How unlike Steve.
Steve stands on the curb with Bucky and Sam on either side of him, and Natasha further back, doubled over against a streetlight.
“Presents.” Steve says out loud, looking down in horror at the list. When the fuck is he even going to go shopping? What does Tony want? It’s their first Christmas! Steve has to resist the urge to double over on his sudden stomach ache. “How could I forget…”
By the time Steve gets to his door, the knocking has gone from polite to frantic, and he almost vindictively wishes he’d stopped to throw on his shirt and made his impatient visitor wait even longer.
, but Steve’s crying and grinning too, so it doesn’t really matter.
Surprise Hot Mess! Note that this takes place
Tony thinks to himself,
Steve sends her a copy of Tony’s message and waits. Pepper has known Tony for six years and can read the cryptic moods in-between his slapdash texts the same way a geologist can read layers of sedimentary rock. Her reply comes after fifty seconds of careful consideration.
Tony texts a photo back, a selfie that’s maybe a little too zoomed in, because Tony’s right eye is bugged like a mad scientist in a C-movie from the forties. A moment later, his phone jingles jauntily.
“Not until the third date.”
In his usual way, Steve snaps from sleeping to waking, though he doesn’t flail the way he used to. A few too many mishaps in bed have trained him into clamping his arms down in the moment of waking, a measure meant to keep him from accidentally punching Tony with all the strength of a startled supersoldier.
“That was lovely, darling. I’ve missed you.” His voice seemed so melodious, almost hypnotic. Steve wanted to fall into it, lose himself in it, drift off into a deep, dreamless sleep. “I bet you’re hungry. Pepper, James, and Jarvis are all here too. We’ll have dinner with them. How does that sound? One big happy family?”
With another frown, Tony goes about wedging the sheet metal into place. He can’t put any nails or screws in the walls to hold it down—apartment regulations—but a few more strips of tape are serviceable enough, and once he’s sure the metal won’t move, he backs it with a sheet of two-inch foam. “Just to keep the chill out,” he murmurs as he gets that taped down as well. Behind him, Steve is getting heavier and heavier, one hand glued to Tony’s chest and the other running up and down the front of his thigh.
The night wore on and Tony tossed and turned, but his brain couldn’t seem to shut down. He could recognize it, in a distant sort of way. Nervous thought spirals that took him further and further down the rabbit hole. When he’d gotten them as a teen and in his twenties, he’d self-medicated into a stupor, but he knew how Steve felt about that. Tony was better than that, now.
“J, blinds.”
Tony could feel a thought spiral pressing at the back of his brain, but he closed his eyes anyway because Steve had asked it of him. A moment later, the bed dipped behind him and there was heat at his back, a great swatch of warm naked skin.
“Are you Captain America or not? I think you can handle a little love confession. And besides, how else are you going to get that sweet ass?”
“Steve, will you get your ass up here already? The neighbors would like to sleep.”
They haven’t been this awkward around each other in months. Frozen only a moment, Tony laughs a little, and then louder. “I don’t really know how this goes. Do we make a list?”
“Not quite. I’ll be in charge of…let’s call it interfacing. It’ll be my job to make your commands smoother, your movements faster. I’ll also be watching the systems on your six, where the helmet can’t turn or see.”
“Mm, want to join me for a bath?” He felt Steve’s gaze on his face and glanced over, only to see a flash of hesitance there. “You can tell me about your day,” Tony continued, turning so he could take in more of Steve’s expression. “I’d like to hear it.”
Steve felt the ache in his ribs and his lungs, the stiffness permanently hindering his hips, and knew he only had the one last ride in him. He shook his head. “If you’re to be Merlin to my Arthur, I’ll put my fate in your hands. I trust you, Tony.”
With his shirt gone, Steve dug into his pockets, producing several condoms and a small bottle of lube, which Tony plucked up curiously. He couldn’t help the laugh. He really couldn’t.
“Week? I’m only in California for two days.”
“No, no, Steve. Your apartment’s fine. His next door neighbor’s, though…”
Line by line the profile appeared: likely composition, likely blast radius, size analysis, potential solutions. Not bad little bot. It wasn’t gauging size correctly—something was probably off in the camera aspect ratio, but that was easily fixed. Tony typed back orders and watched with eyes that felt on the verge of shriveling up into dried peas as the bot began procedure. It pried away the main engagement plate and started snipping wires. Beautiful. As dexterous as he’d hoped. And the test was going much better than last time, considering last time the bot had run right over the dummy bomb and technically blown itself up.
For a moment longer, Steve holds Tony’s gaze and then buries his face back in Tony’s throat. “Love you,” he whispers.
“Who says I can’t do both?”
He can’t see Tony’s grin, but he can hear it in his voice. “That, I can do.”
Steve saw red, perhaps unfairly. No one should be taking on this burden unnecessarily, and more selfishly, the old girl was Steve’s. He didn’t want to give her up while he still breathed. He started to object: “Now hold on just a—”
“Tony, hi, uh…hi.”
“Murder,” Tony says cheerfully, and then plows on, clearly unaware of the stricken look of horror on Steve’s face. “So my parents kind of disinherited me until I can prove that I can make a living doing what I want, which is making cool things. Like robots. And artificial intelligence. Clean energy sources. You know. Cool things.”
“What?”
“You’ve got a pretty ass.”
“Honey, I love you, but you’re distracting me.”
There’s no time for words, not when hands are still grabbing at him, threatening to pull them apart. He yanks Tony down and kisses him, angry and frightened and cherishing all at the same time, teeth dragging across Tony’s lip until flesh gives way to tongue, and then the hands are gone, all save Tony’s voracious touch.
Tony wasn’t always entirely forthcoming about his experiences leading up to the war, but he’d revealed enough, in their brief post-coital embraces, to lead Steve to think a little more of mystical treasures and creatures that haunted humanity’s worst nightmares. After all, Steve himself would have, just a few short years ago, been dismissed as one of those ridiculous occult rumors. When rumors of Blut reached Tony’s ears, fittingly around a campfire in woods deep behind enemy lines, he hadn’t scoffed. Rather he had stroked his facial hair and stared into the dancing flames.
“And just why the hell is it so early, anyway? Isn’t the whole point of having a private jet not having to get up at the asscrack of dawn to catch a flight?”
By first light, Steve was a bundle of tightly strung wire, all the more tight because he was angry at his own nerves. Bucky noticed his snappish mood and wisely chose not to comment, packing their wet parachutes as best he could in an oilcloth bag while Steve rustled up a cold, tinned breakfast. With it bright enough to read landmarks, even with the rain, Bucky shimmied up a tree to help get their bearings. He shouted down landmarks to Steve, who computed those all into a map, consulting his compass constantly. Most importantly for their purposes, Bucky could just see a huge building on a hill in the distance, most likely the fortress at Sighișoara. With a bearing and a general idea of where they were, they set off toward civilization and, Steve thought with a breath of relief, Tony. Illogically, he couldn’t help but feel that if they could only find Tony, everything would be okay.
“Do you now?” Steve says, crossing his arms and trying for sternness.
“Sleep” he whispered, turning onto his side and snuggling down. The sheets were cool and the scent of mint was in his mouth. Nice, beautiful sleep.
“Yes. Christmas. I’ll even…if you want to go to Mass, I’d go. I mean…”
Within, the grand hall was filled with standing candelabras, all of them lit. A plush red carpet lined the central staircase, vaulting up into shadowing halls and corners. The air smelled faintly of incense.  Steve looked up into the Gothic vaulted ceilings. “What was that you were saying about one of my pulp novels?”
“I’ve revamped the propulsion system, too. It’s more efficient now, so the fuel load is also reduced. More weight reduction. All of your standard artillery has been replaced with Stark products. The best we have to offer, some of them still prototypes. Again, all in the name of lightening your load.”
Tony? That wouldn’t be any better. That would be agony every bit as bitter as Tony as an undead bloodsucker.
“And I trust you,” Steve murmured, his attention almost entirely on Tony’s hand where it toyed with him. “So I guess I’ll trust her.”
“No, honey. You’re not an idiot.” But all of Steve’s attempts to soothe Tony only seem to make him cry harder. They wind up on the couch, Steve holding Tony and rubbing his shoulders until the sobs subside into hiccups.
(See the end of the chapter for
He meant it as a morbid joke, the kind you make when you’re in a line of work that puts you in elbow-bumping proximity with death. But when he turned to Tony, he saw that youthful face painted with the first lines of strife and anguish that Steve had seen so often in young soldiers. The first taste of the ash of the battlefield. “In a way,” Tony whispered, looking down into Steve’s eyes with a fierce and devastating intensity. “I confess, one of my thoughts was that if I could get you back quickly enough, the doctors might be able to save you. If, for instance, it was a heart attack that took you, they might be able to do something. Something to revive you.”
Steve hummed, pleased, and leaned in to kiss Tony again, to take in all of him dusted in morning gold, to take him apart inch by inch, and then to lay with him, sleep with him, love him.
He perks up a little when two guys manage to get out onto the bases, both of them toeing dangerous leads in hopes of scoring a run. And then Steve whoops. “Come on, Murphy. Give those Yanks whatfor. Make ‘em cry for their mamas.”
“You want me to order a pizza for tonight? Crack a few beers? We can sit and watch whatever movie you want.”
Steve snorts and drops his forehead to Tony’s shoulder, shoulders shaking helplessly as he holds back his own laughter. “God you…you are terrible,” he says, adding a gentle bite for emphasis. Tony shudders beneath him and hums.
“I assure you, the cellars will keep us safe if the bombs come, but with a storm like that outside? I think we’ll be fine tonight. And Sighișoara is hardly a strategic stronghold. The Krauts have other things on their minds. Now come. You’re both soaked. Let’s get you into some dry clothes and warmed up. Natalia?” A red-haired beauty was at the top of the stairs, though Steve had somehow missed her arrival. “Would you show Bucky to a room and have someone draw a hot bath for him? I’ll do the same for Steve.”
“Steve? Steve!” Tony’s head appears around the corner, extended at an awkward angle. “Give me just…like, five more minutes. I’ll have this all cleaned up and then we can go.” He disappears again, but there’s a loud squeaking sound, a cry, and another resounding “fuck” from Tony’s direction.
“Waxed. Gone. Oh god,” Tony arched into the heat of Steve’s mouth, so glad he’d already come once that evening. All his dreams were coming true, it seemed, and even though he was half-afraid he’d wake to discover some nefarious super-villain had trapped him in a virtual reality, he was grateful all the same that he wouldn’t pop off the second Steve’s mouth moved south of the equator.
“Oh no.”
“’Cause,” Steve says, stubbornly not meeting Tony’s eyes.
Tony grunts and snuggles in closer, burying his head in Steve’s neck.
“Yeah. Yeah, sure.”
, trying to remember all the movies he’d seen as a young man, trying to remember if he’d read anything at all. Religious symbols. Weren’t vampires supposed to be sensitive to crosses, hallow ground, prayers. If Steve started reciting the Lord’s Prayer right now, would it send them all to the ground? Would it save them?
Sex had never been like this before. It had never left Tony feeling so utterly powerless and powerful all at once. Steve above him, sweating, ruddy faced, panting with exertion he shouldn’t be feeling given his supersoldier body. Everything about him glistened pink and wet and new, his hair in disheveled spikes from where Tony had been pulling at it. Steve filled Tony’s whole world, and took him further and further, higher and higher, sent the blood roaring in Tony’s ears like a maelstrom. Steve, fucking him in earnest, his pace relentless, the slap of skin on skin, higher and higher and higher and his hand on Tony’s cock, there, squeezing, stroking, oh god, the crest…
“Stark is one of the brightest scientific minds in a generation, and his company has just taken up the contract for the Iron Man’s maintenance. He’ll be serving the position Reed previously filled, acting as technological point man for you. I believe he has technical details he’d like to discuss with you, and I have a meeting at the Pentagon to get to. You’re welcome to use my office or an empty room on the premises, and needless to say, your conversation should stay beyond the reach of prying ears.”
“That big guy sitting next to me at the bar. He was making eyes at me. Or I thought he was. He kept glancing over. I thought he was flirting and I was getting ready to let him down gently. Do you think he was staring at this?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I…I…what? You call this a blessing?” Tony gestures to his trashed bedroom, the candles melting onto the carpeting (thank god nothing is on fire yet) and the flowers now being tugged through the air by the draft. Thor steps further into the room, glass crunching underfoot.
Steve raises an eyebrow at him, his mouth pulling to the side in displeasure. Then, eyes still locked with Tony’s, he leans forward and sets a soft kiss to the bruise.
“I never want to move again,” Tony says, slumped on top of the dryer, feet dangling. “We must’ve hauled fifty gallons of water.”
Steve grumbles and shifts a little, but he makes no effort to hide himself. It’s nothing Tony hasn’t seen before. In companionable silence, they finish their chowder and cider and defrost in front of the fire. Before he knows it, Steve is drifting off again, fighting the droop of his own eyelids. He’s vaguely aware of Tony rising and rustling in their sodden duffle bag, the clink of zippers and the plop of wet clothes in the bathroom, but he does manage to register it when Tony says, “Son of a bitch.”
“Oh, Steve, darling. You honor me.” As though to reward him, Tony gripped Steve’s cock and started up a sweet, torturous rhythm. “You’re so beautiful. We’ll have dinner, but first, let’s take care of you, hmm?”
“Oh, Steve honey.” Tony pulls Steve in closer until his nose is pressed against Tony’s throat. “Of course I need you. I need you like I need water and air. And not because you do stuff for me. I need you because you make me happy. You make me so happy, baby, and I think I have a solution to all of this.”
might hit a little close to home for Steve, so maybe he gets a pass, but then he cries at
Steve snorted and finally rolled off, carefully clutching at his cock to take the condom with him. He removed it, tied it off, pitched it with perfect aim into the trash can next to Tony’s desk, and then flopped down. With the heat of Steve’s body gone, Tony became instantly aware of how sticky he’d become.
“What the fuck?” he whispered, pressing his fingers into his eyes.
“Oh my god. Oh my god, I love you.” The reprieve of it all sinks into his bones, cuts his strings, and he melts into Steve, consigning all his weight to gravity. Steve holds him, and then does him one better and lifts him, bearing all of Tony’s weight.
Tony punched in a key code and waltzed in with an utterly cavalier air. A middle-aged woman was waiting for him at the front door; she was round and hard with edges that screamed no-nonsense.
“Tony,” Steve says, reaching out and catching him. “Breathe. And maybe hop in the shower. You’re filthy.” Steve pauses for a moment, looking him up and down. “Are you even old enough to buy alcohol?”
“The Rupicola blesses this union,” Thor booms, clapping both Tony and Steve on the shoulder. “Fortune is upon you my friends.”
, Tony’s brain supplied, but he barely had any blood left flowing in that direction anyway, so he just let the thought waft away. Steve’s eyes grew heavy, his obscenely long eyelashes drifting down until they hooded the last of the azure blue, and Tony could see the movement of his jaw, the only indication that he’d licked his lips. Bereft of a visual, Tony’s brain supplied the rest. Steve’s mouth
“Is that…are you sure?” Tony asks, eyes wide, mouth uncertain.
Steve shook away the dark thoughts and focused on the town which sprawled before them, nestled in a valley between blue, wooded hills and mountains. Tony was waiting for him. It would all be better once he found Tony.
“Blow jobs?” Steve asks hopefully, and Tony guffaws into Steve’s hair.
“Tony, I shouldn’t—”
“Mr. Stark.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Tony says, and Steve’s almost shocked by the respectful tone—he’s heard Tony on the phone with Howard, after all. Mary leaves with a last little giggle, glancing appreciatively at Steve’s chest, and then they’re alone.
Just like that the spell is broken and Tony rolls his eyes. “Gee, thanks. Does this mean I get to sit at the big kids’ table now?”
“Tony.”
“Of course? I combed my hair and everything.”
“Steve!”
Steve stretched and yawned, making a show of it. “I don’t know about you all, but I’m bushed. And Tony, you said you’re still recovering. Should we call it a night?”
“Hell yeah. I only wish I’d known ahead of time. I would’ve put on a nice pair of panties.”
, complete with peach lube. Steve looked up through his lashes and Tony couldn’t have moved if Galactus himself were descending on Earth. He nosed the cleft of the peach and then licked it, licked again and then ever-so-gently bit at the giving flesh.
“It kind of is. Christmas was never about family and friends with my parents. It was about schmoozing and making up for emotional shortcomings with way-too-expensive presents. I never liked it much. But I’ve seen enough cheesy holiday movies to know that the spirit of the season is being together with the ones you love. That’s all I really wanted, Steve, and I’m sorry I didn’t say it sooner. I’m sorry you got so stressed out, and I’m sorry you got sick.”
“Right. Something. Right.”
Reaching through the crack, Steve takes Tony’s phone and clicks the “End Call” button. He tosses it in the general direction of the bed and then gets his arms around Tony, holding tight and breathing in the sharp scent of rain and Tony’s cologne. He barely registers Tony speaking through the pounding of his blood in his ears.
“We were sent to bring you home. Fury said you’d gone missing in this area.”
“Our old
“You’re damn right it is,” Tony says, grinning like a maniac and helping Steve to his feet. “You’re paying for our Valentine’s meal, after all, seeing’s as your weird Asgardian bird ruined ours.”
Steve started to nod, and then froze, eyes darting between Tony and the painting. “Aunt?” he said slowly.
“Your hands are freezing, Tony. Are you still sick?”
The ride home takes an agonizing thirty-five minutes, detoured as they are by a flooded road and backed up traffic. Everyone else took taxis too, it seems like. Steve’s leg jiggles nervously against the floor of the cab, and his portfolio rattles anxiously in his hands, echoing the pounding rain outside. When they turn the corner onto his block, his blood freezes and snaps in his veins, a crushing expansion of water that obliterates him from the inside out. There are two firetrucks and an ambulance parked outside their building, and even through the sheets of rain, Steve can see smoke crawling into the darkening sky.
When he turned to follow Tony and Bambi, he discovered that he’d been left behind. Worse, the old mansion had three different hallways and a staircase all branching away from the foyer. The right-wing looked well-lit, so Steve took off at a trot, hoping he’d catch up before they realized he’d been lagging behind. Soon however, he started to suspect he’d taken a wrong turn. There were no offices, no plaques, nothing to entice donors. Maybe this was storage?
“That was real sexy,” Steve murmurs, and Jesus how did he get so close without Tony noticing. “The way you just cleaned all that up. When we first met, you didn’t even know how to use a vacuum. Now look at you.” And those are Steve’s teeth. Steve’s beautiful perfect teeth gently nibbling at his ear and Steve’s big, broad palms settling over his hip bones and—no! Tony has a job to do.
“Yeah?” Steve’s entire face lit up like a Christmas tree, and something in Tony swelled and went squishy. At the same time, he was aware of his low-level arousal, back after his gratuitous shower and prep. In answer, he maneuvered, pulling Steve toward Tony’s massive bed until the backs of his thighs hit the edge. He flopped down, trying not to feel self-conscious as his robe jostled loose and spilled open. After only a moment’s hesitation, Steve followed, kneeling onto the bed and kissing Tony.
“You’re so beautiful,” Steve told Tony, cupping his jaw and swiping a thumb over his cheek. It left a streak of blue chalk in its wake, but somehow, that made Tony look ever more stunning.
“Oh, Stevie, honey. I could’ve done so much worse. But don’t worry,” she says, leaning in to kiss Steve’s cheek and sending a completely unfounded vein of jealousy thrumming through Tony’s body. “I’d never let anyone steal your things.”
Tony doesn’t turn to watch Steve, but he doesn’t have to. He can
“Sleep?” Tony says, and Steve groans, dropping his head.
The vampires were standing now, sensing his weakening will.
Behind him, Bucky slaps Steve’s shoulder. “This guy majored in studio art and spent his off hours getting into fist fights with bros who didn’t know how to take ‘no’ for an answer. I don’t think you need to worry about bro-culture.”
“Ah. Well, that’s the other reason to have me keyed into the system. In the event of your death, rather than self-destruct, the armor will switch to remote piloting. I won’t have great control of it, not the way you do, but I’ll be able to do enough to get it out of danger and direct it back to base. I’m calling it the Avalon protocol.”
Tony held up a hand, silently asking Steve for patience. “You’ll still have completely control of the armor’s movements. I promise. But think of it this way. Our fighter pilots only very rarely fight one-man, right? Usually there’s two: one to pilot, one to monitor the skies and fire the weapons systems. Sometimes there’s even more. Sure, there are one-man planes out there, but they’re much more dangerous because the pilot has to do so much multitasking. So I’m asking you to think of me as your co-pilot. I’ll be able to speak to you and you’ll be able to speak to me, and moreover, I’ll follow your orders to the T.”
Tony snorts, blinks, managed to dislodge himself. Half asleep on his feet, he stumbles out, only to come up short. A banner is draped over the living room flatscreen.
“Could I have a word?”
“Happy to help,” Tony returns, darting down to kiss the top of Steve’s head. He sighs happily and flops down on the floor, his hand loose on Steve’s shoulder blade. “So, pizza?”
“And the self-destruct function?”
he sees shining from Steve’s eyes when he looks at him. So for Valentine’s Day, Tony’s going to pull out all the stops. He’s going to do everything Steve’s stupidly romantic heart could possibly want.
Shaking his head, Tony stands and walks the tray to the sink, grabbing a spatula to scrape the failed gingerbread into the trash. “No. I, I don’t think I can… I’m tired, Steve. Can we just not go? Or you can go if you want, but I’m just… gonna tinker with that one match-game app.”
“Now, for your two concerns. Obviously lightening the weight will help you pilot, but I don’t think that’s enough. Not given what you’re up against. If it were just human men, I think you’d be just fine, but this thing Ross is talking about?” Tony shook his head, and Steve nearly asked what his thoughts were on using such dangerous technology so near human populations. Nearly.
“Oh god,” Tony said, covering his face with a hand. “She’d tease me like you wouldn’t believe. She knew I…uh…” Tony froze, glancing at Steve through the gaps in his fingers.
“It’s fine,” one of the firefighters says, waving her hand. “Just next time maybe explain the situation before you play ten-pin with us.”
“—but I lost my keys. And my phone. And my wallet.”
Originally posted
, that Steve would want this with him again and again and again.
And Steve.
On dragging toes, he slumped his way through the living area to his bedroom. No Steve. The bed was made, the sheets military flat. Tony would miss Steve’s body heat, but they didn’t always share a bed, so it wasn’t like he had any right to be disappointed or lonely. It was fine. Or at least it would be fine once was he was horizontal.
Bucky grudgingly followed the red-haired woman, though he cast several looks back and only holstered his gun after Steve shooed him along. Tony extended a hand and led Steve up the stairs down the opposite corridor.
“Sounds wonderful,” Tony said with an indulgent smile. The sharpness was clear to Steve now: the fangs, the translucency of the skin. Steve accepted Tony’s helpful arm around his waist as they started a grand procession out of the dining room, all of the vampires following behind. When they reached the grand staircase, though, Steve made a break for it, dashing down the stairs as quickly as his superhuman speed allowed. There! A staircase to a lower level. He dashed for it only to see Jarvis in front of him. Agonized, Steve bowled him over. He didn’t want to hurt them. They were his friends! Bucky was his brother! Tony, his lover! But he needed to save them. Hopefully, they would forgive him the bruises. The stairs led down into a damp cellar, a long corridor which stank of mold and decay. Shadows moved in the corners, and from the corners of his eyes, Steve saw what looked like red eyes, sharp teeth. He pushed his speed faster.
“Rogers, the Mets have been losing for decades. You wouldn’t know what to do with yourself if they broke their grand old tradition.”
, he thought to himself, only half an ear to Ross.
“We’re on vacation, Steven. You’re not suppose to be working at all.”
In addition to the banner, there are balloons (one of which is most definitely a dick), streamers, fairy lights, a stack of party hats, and several six-packs of bottled beer, slightly soggy from having been left to sweat at room temperature. The room, however, seems deserted.
The whole week is tense. They only have one more weekend between now and Christmas, and Steve feels more pressure than ever to have at least one of these damn activities succeed, especially with Tony wandering through the apartment like Marley’s ghost. At this point, Steve’s so desperate that he’s watching YouTube videos on Christmas goose during his breaks at work (and sometimes while he’s on the clock, too.) He’s been agonizing for days over whether he should give Tony a crash course on Catholic Mass, with all its little intricacies and rituals, or if he should just hope for the best at midnight on Christmas Day. The caroling seems like it ought to be easy enough. A group of Steve’s coworkers are going out Thursday night to sing in Copley Square, with warm drinks to follow, so Tony’s going to meet them there to join. Soup kitchen Christmas Eve Day is also easy enough. Show up. Do what they’re told. Leave. And then…
“Did…did you not know?”
“He still sounds like he’s speaking through a helium balloon,” Bucky groused, still looking on edge. He still had his weapon out. “You sure we’re safe here? This is Axis territory, and there have been bombings.”
“What?”
“Yes, sir!” Steve saluted and set aside the potato he’d been peeling. Before he could even begin a fast trot to the Colonel’s tent, Bucky appeared. “Mission, mission, mission,” he muttered under his breath, prancing anxiously on both feet. Freshly eighteen, he was more eager than ever to prove he belonged alongside the other Invaders, and it made the stretches between missions almost unbearable for him. Steve smiled indulgently and led the way. He was also fairly eager to leave the potatoes behind, though he wouldn’t say as much to anyone. No point in grousing when the action could be so disheartening.
Tony grinned a little, glancing up at Steve with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. “She said, ‘Nonsense. I took time off when I was pregnant.’ And Dad said, ‘No you didn’t. You had those babies right there in your office while you were signing off paperwork.’ And Jarvis was there, too and he said, ‘No sir, you misremember. She had those babies while infiltrating some nefarious communist spy satellite in Flushing.’ Dad laughed so hard. Harder than I’d ever seen him laugh at the time. Made me wonder if he used to be like that all the time.”
“They die?” Tony’s shock is genuine, his horror written across his young face.
“I was going to surprise you. With delicious pie. Apple pie. For you, Steve. American as apple pie. Right? Right.”
Tony’s about to tell Thor that a giant hole is nothing to be congratulating anyone on, but then Steve glances back and he’s
“Have I ever introduced myself? I haven’t, have I? Name’s Tony Stark. Inventor, mechanic, and family black sheep.” He extends a hand, catches sight of the engine grease and winces, quickly hiding it behind his back like a child caught with dirty hands before dinner.
“Steve,” he responds, tongue thick, blinking stupidly.
“No. I’ve been out running errands all day. Haven’t been in my workroom even once.” But then Tony’s face goes thoughtful and he tilts his head a little, looking down and to Steve’s right. “I did help that taxi in lower Manhattan. Checked his radiator for him. But that shouldn’t have…” Tony’s frown deepens and he glances down at his left hand. Sure enough, there's black engine grease there, too.
adventure books, and when, during various missions the past two years, he’d found himself working with
“Well, the townspeople know about you, at least. That’s how we found you. Intimidating them.”
“J, time?”
“Thor told you?”
“Yeah, babe?” Steve doesn’t turn from his canvas, carefully applying cobalt blue to the edge of the shape he's roughing out. He isn’t quite sure what form the shape will end up taking, but he's letting instinct guide him. He isn’t much for abstraction normally, but some days, when anxiety and anger churn up inside of him one after the other, he doesn’t want strict form in his paintings.
Tony and Steve both have messy hobbies.
“It’ suits you,” he says with a growl, fighting to keep Tony’s hands pinned while he paints more dots on Tony’s skin and shirt. Somehow, Tony manages to get a bit of paint on his fingers and he promptly uses them to smear paint down Steve’s neck. After that, it's a paint war that quickly devolves into kissing with occasional smears of paint spread by questing fingers.
Bucky recovers while Tony is still curled on the floor, clutching his stomach and hiccuping with joy. “Well, since your TV is busted, Rogers, I’m gonna go bug Sam until he lets me watch the game on his. You two boys have fun. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
It only takes three weeks of Steve living in the tower for Tony to understand—Steve’s a hopeless romantic. He cries when Pepper forces them to watch
“Then have me,” Steve panted, hips rocking urgently against Tony’s torso. The next several minutes were a blur of skin and heat, and somehow Steve lost track of everything save the burning need in his gut. Tony’s hands were on his cock, he was sure. Or was it Tony’s mouth? But wasn’t Tony still sucking at the skin of his neck? And Tony’s cock rubbing urgently against his stomach. Where had Tony’s clothes gone? Before, he wouldn’t… Fuck, Tony’s nails raking into his back, stinging oh-so-sweetly. Steve came with a shuddering gurgle, and for a time, he knew nothing at all save the all-consuming light of his orgasm. For something that had been so rushed and urgent, their encounter also seemed to stretch on for ages. It had never been so intense before, so pleasurable and sweetly painful.
“No, man. It’s gotta be Tony-o. For the rhythm man.”
Steve stared out at the White House in the distance, body aching, exhaustion breathing through his rib-cage with each beat of his heart.
Steve huffed out another gentle laugh. “Does that make me the Once and Future King?”
“..sicut et…et…Pater noster. Pater noster. Pater…” His brain moved through syrup. He couldn’t remember the words, and Tony’s touch was so sweet and gentle.
“OoooK?” Steve is still blinking, trying to make sense of the guy’s million-mile-an-hour motormouth.
“Peachy.”
Tony’s workshop was located in a building on the Virginia side of DC. The brick façade was emblazoned with “Stark Industries,” the letters done up in a futuristic font, a star emblazoned in the “A” of “Stark.” To reach the bowels of the building, they passed a series of gates, all of them locked with a fancy key card technology. Perhaps keeping Ross’ warning in mind, Tony didn’t speak as they made their way through the building, passing laboratories and fields of cubicles, production lines and executive offices. In the very heart of the building, Tony ushered him through one final door, on the side of which awaited a cave of wonders the like of which Steve had never seen.
Tony hawed out one sad squeak of a laugh and then nodded. “Faith. Right. I’m very good at that.” But all the same, he dropped his arm, taking Steve’s hand again. “You…you really want me?”
Struggling for words, Steve allows himself to be led to the couch, where Tony promptly burritos him with a blanket again. The others all carry packages over while Sam ladles out bowls of soup. Nat disappears and reappears with a tin of cookies, courtesy of Clint, who couldn’t get out of Christmas with his brother.
on tumblr.
“Keep it down out there!”
“Then
“Love you, too.” They lay there a long while, Tony gently stroking his hand through Steve’s hair. He watches the way the street light and passing cars throw flashes of yellow and white on the wall, feels the way Steve’s chest rises and falls with each breath, listens to the rustling of sheets and the rattling of the radiator on the other side of the room. He thinks Steve’s fallen asleep, so he slowly disentangles himself to rid Steve of his jeans. At the very least he can be comfortable now, especially given that he’ll probably have a terrible hangover come tomorrow.
You can find me frequently at
“I’m sorry I stayed working so late at the office. I didn’t realize… I mean… This is a surprise.”
“Sir has been awake for sixty-two hours and forty-seven minutes.”
The crash of the glass is deafening, and JARVIS is already wrapping Tony in armor before he can even begin to turn away from the impact. The bird thing is maybe fifteen feet tall, and it hunches forward like some parody of Quasimodo as it lumbers into the penthouse, head swinging wildly as flower petals and stray leaves flutter around it. It's whuffling loudly, and after a moment, Tony realizes it must be sniffing. “What in the actual hell? JARVIS?”
“I’ve thought about both of your concerns quite seriously.” Tony’s bubbling demeanor sobered as he looked Steve dead in the eye. He put his hand on Steve’s knee, seemingly unaware of what he was doing as he treated his words with utmost gravity. “Reed’s notes on your medical files are quite thorough, and if we had more time, I’d design a suit that could be used by a new pilot. I frankly don’t think you should be subjected to this. But no one ever accused the US military of being far-sighted about these sorts of things.” He squeezed Steve’s knee before turning to his briefcase. “We’re here.”
“What did I do wrong?” Steve moaned into his hands, trying desperately to hide the burning of his cheeks. “He was right there! Why didn’t I…?”
“No, you will not.”
“For me?”
And then the presents get doled out. A small mountain appears before him and he feels queasy with both residual illness and apprehension. “I didn’t have a chance to—”
“What right have you? Do you know, do you
“My love.”
“Yes, you are,” says Bucky, flinging his hand over his eyes. “Where did you even find this guy, Steve?”
“As often as you want.” Nonetheless, Tony subsided, nuzzling into Steve’s thigh and moving his wandering fingers to more neutral territory.
Tony blinks and blinks again, staring up at the huge bird. “You’re telling me this thing showed up because Steve and I were going to bone tonight?”
“Great job, Tony. You’re doing great.”
“Are you fucking kidding me? Did he bring a pet? Do I need to explain the house rules?”
“Yes, you utterly hopeless romantic. Of course, yes, yes.”
“Fractions of a second are the difference between life and death.”
“Honey, I admire your gumption with our little peach panties, but I’m telling you, you’ve got to
“I brought you boys some chowder and hot mulled cider. Eat it while it’s hot. Get yourselves warmed up. Relax. If you’d like something to read, we have a library downstairs. I’d stay in if I were you. The weather’s not likely to let up until late tonight.”
“That so?” Steve steps in a little closer, loosing one hand so that he can trace the line of Tony’s collar.
“Steve, are you serious?”
and it’s the same blush he gets when Tony manages to gather up his courage and use all those romantic words Steve likes to hear, like “You’re beautiful” and “You make me happy” and “I love you.” “Steve?” Tony asks, popping the mask, because he definitely hasn’t said anything yet to make Steve blush like that.
Tony gasped, and kept gasping, suddenly at sea, rudderless, being washed out on the tide of Steve Rogers’ wicked tongue. Steve’s arms made their way under Tony’s hips, hitching him up for a better angle, and Tony, in turn, clutched at Steve’s hair, trying desperately to find shore again. Steve was relentless. It was so wet, so filthy, his tongue so present, his lips so soft and pliant one second, demanding the next. In and out, in and out, Tony becoming wetter and sloppier all the while.
Steve only manages to hear the words “tragedy” and “real shame” before he’s leapt up the stairs and shoved through to the main entrance.
Steve scratches the back of his head again, processing the monologue and finally shrugging. “Honestly, not at all.”
“Of course, darling.”
For Stony Bingo prompt "au: non-powered."
“Jesus, Tony,” Clint breathed. Tony realized Clint’s hand was on his shoulder, but he couldn’t remember how it got there.
“Wow. Wow, that’s a lot. That’s more than I…uh…do you think you could help me carry it over to my place.”
someday, Tony?”
The window he’d been approaching implodes in a spray of glass and a…a fucking brick? What the hell? From outside on the street, Tony hears loud giggling, and his bewilderment and fear quickly transforms to rage. Is this some sort of stupid hate crime? Normally Tony and Steve don’t get hassled in public because Steve’s 6’2” and built like a brick shithouse, but Tony supposes this kind of attack would give someone a chance to run. He gets to the window, carefully stepping between the glass shards, and looks down.
“Ok, Mary,” Steve says, face burning, and watches as the old lady uncovers her eyes; the twinkle dancing there says she’s not sorry at all.
“Oh my god.”
Steve and Bucky about-faced out of the tent. Bucky peeled off to do his own prep while Steve made his way to his tiny desk, hidden in a ramshackle tent on the edge of camp. Had to keep his identity secret, so the men had been told he did quartermaster work there. The mention of dry columns of numbers was enough to send them running for the hills. Little did they know his desk was scattered with codes, top-secret plans, mission debriefs, high-level intelligence. It wasn’t an ideal set-up, having all that sensitive information out where anyone might see, but so far, their lackluster system seemed to have worked.
“Aw, Tony. You’re looking after me.”
“FUCK YEAH!” Steve roars as the outfielder misses his leap by six inches. The ball bounces off the backboard and goes rolling away and Murphy clears home base. Steve pumps his fist and in that moment, Tony sees a very different kind of parabola as the remote slips free of Steve’s grip and goes flying right into the TV, jutting there like some sort of obscene arrow.
Tony’s gasps with indignation, but he presses himself into Steve’s side and slides a tentative hand around Steve’s waist, squeezing a little. Together they slog back up the stairs, buckets and mops in hand, to have their well-earned date.
“Yeah, but how come, Steve?”
“I happen to like this tank top very much, thank you.”
Phillips eyed Bucky the way he might eye a cockroach in the kitchen, champing on the cigar with even more ire. He’d never approved of such a young boy attaching himself to Steve, but it was the least of his worries as the war effort went, and since Bucky was already on the frontlines, not much could be done. At least not while Steve protected him. “I suppose you’re right. Can’t go losing Captain America to the Soviets either. They’d cut you apart like a lab rat just to see what made you tick.”
Steve read over his brief, detailing Tony’s last known location somewhere near Sighișoara. As Phillips had said, there were no details on what Tony was chasing beyond “Occult object of enemy interest,” so Steve would just have to follow his nose for trouble. Sooner or later, it would lead him to Tony. He dressed for the mission, going with drab colors completely in opposition to his usual flashy uniform, and filled his pack for a lengthy mission. Even once they found Tony, they’d have to get him back to Allied territory, an endeavor that would take a good deal of time coming from a borderland under siege and surrounded to the north and west by Axis powers.
For Stony Bingo prompt "roadtrip."
“I guess.” Steve glances back to the canvas, his stomach twisting and clenching as he gets caught up in the lines.
Steve smiled into his pad of paper, sweeping his dark blue in fat, dusty streaks across the page. “You can go back to sleep if you want.”
With a final burst of energy, Tony flopped forward onto his mattress, groaning as his nose took more weight than it deserved. He barely had the energy to slither under the covers, but he forced himself to do it, jamming his feet (still in socks) down toward the bottom of the bed.
“Hopeless romantic? Me?” Steve says, grinning between kisses. “I’m not the one who filled the bedroom with flowers.” JARVIS tactfully shucks Tony’s left arm repulsor so Steve can slip the ring on and then they’re kissing and laughing in the chilly February draft, right up until the Rupicola lets out a deafening screech.
Tony shudders under Steve’s touch, his breath leaving his lungs in short bursts, his stomach flexing beneath Steve’s fingers.
ears turned blue.”
Pepper pats his shoulder in almost the exact same way Steve has seen people pat their dogs and then turns and bustles back into her apartment. He stands there a moment, processing, and then turns toward the stairs to go find Tony. The machines are in the basement but even from the first floor landing, looking down the stairwell, Steve can tell something has truly gone amiss.
“Then how do I know I’m not dreaming?”
Tony’s hands are always chilly, and when they touch Steve’s face, he begins shivering uncontrollably. “You’re burning up. Oh my God, Steve, get in bed. No, I take that back. Hot shower for all that sweat, and then those fuzzy flannel pajamas, and get your ass in bed. I’m gonna warm up some…something.”
“Steve.”
They came to a grand dining room, the table already loaded with roasted meats, potatoes, soups, vegetables, meringues, jellied fruits, and more. Steve had seen such sumptuousness only at Churchill’s table, and his stomach gave a rumble at the spread. He hadn’t eaten such good-looking food in months, maybe even years. Jarvis, James, Pepper, Bucky, and Natalia were already at the table, though the head and its right-hand were left free.
“Come on, honey. Up you get.”
the previous chapter. Happy belated winter holiday festival thingy. So long as it's up before New Year's, it still counts, right? Special thanks to MusicalLuna for emergency betaing for me and assuring me that I could still write a thing. This is...quite a bit schmoopier than the rest of this series, but I was in that kind of mood.
“I know you’re about to fall asleep, but I just wanted…”
Steve grins at that. “Really really.” Reading his signal, Natasha, Bucky, and Sam all rise and make for the door. Steve trails them with Tony at his heels.
The screen shatters into a massive spiderweb and the picture becomes a thousand rainbows of neon color. Steve and Bucky both freeze as the sound continues on for a moment, the roar of the crowd crackling and faint, and then abruptly cuts off.
“It might be a while. I can’t go at interstate speeds in weather like this.”
“Hi,” he responds, and fights a losing battle to keep his ears from pinking. “Can I…can I help you?”
Blushing slightly, Stark turned to him. “I’m sorry to go on like this. The moment I heard they were searching for a new engineer to work on the Iron Man armor, I completely cleared my schedule. Don’t tell Ross, but I would’ve done it for free if that’s what it took.”
“We’ve just gotta, um, gotta get a plastic tarp and some tape and a sheet of oh my god Steve, get your hands out of my underwear, your fingers are freezing!”
“There you are,” Tony said, and Steve jumped a little. He turned sheepishly and watched as Tony trotted up, slowing as he realized what Steve was looking at. “Ah. I see you found Aunt Peg.”
“With all due respect, Sir, perhaps it’s time to bring on a secondary R&D assistant.”
Tree-trimming accomplished.
“It’s more I thought you’d like it than me wanting to go there,” Tony says into his soup, the steam beading on his goatee.
“Let’s get you out of these wet things,” he growled, yanking Steve’s bomber jacket off. Steve’s clothes fell to the floor with wet thuds, but Steve could hardly be bothered to worry about ruining the lush furnishings with the way Tony was lighting his flesh on fire. It had been months since their last encounter, and while Steve didn’t expect that Tony was maintaining any kind of fidelity, Steve hadn’t been able to bring himself to relieve his needs elsewhere.
“Tony, Jesus!” Steve says before he thinks better of it.
“Well, godmother, technically. But I just called her Aunt. Uh. Sorry, I…sorry I never told you. It just never, uh, never came up, I guess.”
“You could let me take you out for dinner,” Steve says, smiling just a little.
“You woke me up early. You owe me. And then we’re sleeping in.”
“What’s the family business?” Steve says, interrupting without really thinking.
“With pleasure, my peach. With pleasure.”
Boxed up and down $400, Tony bore his peaches straight to the airport and onto his private jet, and within thirteen hours, they were in the Avengers mansion common kitchen, laid out for all and sundry to see. He took momentary pleasure in the bemused shock from Jan, Thor, and Hank, the disapproving sniff from Jarvis, and then promptly forgot about his huge, pink peaches. Until he came in later that night for coffee.
All the time that had expanded in the lead up to the collision of ball and glove collapses in with a whoosh and Steve’s hands drop, absolutely gobsmacked. “What. The. Fuck? Jesus fucking Christ on a shit cracker, what the fuck have I done? Fuck me. Fuck fuck fuck.”
There was a clunk of glass on marble somewhere behind Clint, and with great effort, Tony raised his head. Oh god. They were all there. Team breakfast. Was it Sunday? It must be Sunday. Fuck fuck fuck.
Steve’s not sure whether he should laugh or cry. He takes another glance around the room and finally locates the sink. “Hold on just a second,” he says, carefully tiptoeing back out. “I need to make a call.”
“When you said you had some extra property in New York, this wasn’t exactly what I imagined.” Steve stared at the building, which certainly wasn’t tall, but was eye-catching insomuch as it was completely surrounded by skyscrapers and yet it had a proper yard in the heart of New York. No. Yard wasn’t the right word. It had grounds, the same way Buckingham Palace had grounds.
“I should think that was obvious,” Tony mumbled against Steve’s mouth, his hands free to explore, and explore they did, mapping the muscles of Steve’s back, the perfect globes of his ass. “Come on, Mr. Peaches-and-Cream.”
Clint. That was Clint. Should’ve recognized the dog PJ bottoms. Tony blinked up and flinched when Clint took a literal step back.
“I remember her sitting for this, actually. She was so irritated with Dad. Said it was a total waste of time and why couldn’t they just take a photograph? And Dad…” Tony’s eyes grew far-away, and Steve suddenly realized he was reading a page he’d never read before, glimpsing one of those things that Tony kept so very carefully hidden. “Dad said Peg had been going 24/7, 365 since the war, and she could afford to rest a few days to get a damn portrait done.”
Something about that hits a little to close to home, and Steve pulls Tony into his apartment with sudden urgency, yanking him so close that it almost feels like there’s no delineation between them; they are of one body. “Don’t fucking scare me like that,” he says, deftly peeling Tony’s shirt over his head. “Don’t fucking do that to me. I only just found you.”
Tony blinks stupidly down at them all for a moment, Steve looking up with big soft wibbly cow eyes, Sam and Bucky with something like shame, and Nat still with that knowing smirk.
“Bats?”
“Well let me just call him and see,” Pepper says, already whipping out a sleek black phone. Steve’s never seen anything like it, and he stares as she slides her fingers across the screen and holds it to her ear. “Tony? Your date’s looking for you.” Her expression quickly grows thunderous. “No, I’m not stalling for you. Where are you? You can’t’ve… …. Tony. No, Tony, that’s not… ….No, Tony. You made your bed, now sleep in it.”
He presents Tony with the “I love you” ticket and Tony’s vulnerable, beautiful smile spreads across his face.
Inside though, Mary’s already waiting for them. “You must be the boys Jerome called me about. He said you’d be coming through. And lucky for you it’s not a busy weekend. You just missed all the local football games and the leaf peeping folks haven’t made their way this far south yet. Now,” she says, bustling them up the stairs before they’ve so much as said hello, “I’ve put out bathrobes for you. You boys get dry and warm and I’ll have lunch up in a jiff.”
“Sounds like it would hurt.”
The fuzzy edges of awareness told him that the sea was crashing nearby, that the birds were starting to waken, that in spite of the chill night, the dawn was approaching. Steve was normally one to wake quickly himself, a snap of the eyelids with rarely any morning-time lassitude. But they were on vacation. He had given himself permission to sleep in a bit, to be a bit lazier than his usual go-get-em style.
, he texts, still staring up at the sky like it insulted his mother.
“Sushi, hot springs, and monkeys, oh my.”
“Never?”
Tony nodded and opened his mouth numbly, feeling the soft acrid weight of pills on his tongue. Someone put the straw back between his lips, and he swallowed convulsively. It was so nice and warm. He almost believed sleep was possible.
fighting your opponent and trying to outmaneuver and outsmart him. That’s a lot to ask, especially with such a dangerous opponent. So using radio waves, I’ve linked in a new control interface which I’ll be operating from here.”
“I could…” Tony says slowly, and then his eyes dart to Steve’s face. “Wait. What about bro-culture?”
Steve left it alone, studying the black, wrought-iron sign over the main gate. “Maria Stark Foundation.” Pages and pages of Tony’s history carefully kept hidden away. Steve wasn’t sure if he’d ever be permitted to read them all, but he wanted to try. Oh, how he wanted to try.
“Huh,” he says, twisting as though he might just catch a glimpse of it. “Guess it’s from when I slipped and fell. The first time. Or maybe the second. It’s fine. It doesn’t hurt too bad.”
“I know it seems like it’ll slow you down, but this is the latest. The military doesn’t even have these connectivity speeds yet. Fractions of a second between you and me. And megabytes of data! So much more than has traveled previously at this speed and in this package size.”
“Please, I told you to call me Tony, and I stand by that. Now, I know what requests Ross has made of me, but all due respect to him—” Steve snorted without meaning to. He suspected in Tony’s estimation, that was very little respect indeed “—he’s not the one in the armor. That’s you. So I’d like to know what you need, and I’ll do everything I can to implement your specifications before they deploy you to New York.”
The anguished cry filled him, took over his mind, bound his ribs so that it was hard to breathe.
“Tried,” he said, tongue thick. It was hard to get the words out. “Tried last night. Laid in bed. Counted. Stuff. Couldn’t.”
Tony’s brain stutters like a backfiring engine and then he drops to his knees, grabbing at Steve’s face. “Are you asking me to marry you?”
“You knew getting into this that I was a hot mess. Would you really expect any less of me?”
“Steve,” Tony finally managed to unfreeze, stepping forward to catch Steve’s flailing hands and stop his verbal vomit. “I…uh, yes? I mean, first. Could you pinch me? Just here?” He held out his arm expectantly and after a moment, Steve bowed to kiss his knuckles.
“Aren’t we just the hopeless romantic,” Tony muses, but he tucks himself under Steve’s arm and points imperiously at the bathroom door. “Let’s go get some beer.”
Still looking cowed, and now a little more sober, Steve kicks at the pile of the rug. “Wanted to be romantic. Wanted to do the pebble thing. For you. And the boombox thing. No boombox, though.”
“Oh,” Tony says, frowning into his grease-stained hand. After a moment, he runs his fingers the length of his goatee and ends up staining his entire chin with a ring of black. “I thought I was being perfectly clear. Let me try again. My parents just called me to let me know they’re coming to Boston tonight and they’re going to drop by and give me an inspection. You know? As in check my living conditions. The ones I was just describing.”
Tony nods, but never meets Steve’s eyes. He’s so damn young. Of course, Steve is young, too, but he had to grow up quickly, what with his mom dying at seventeen and his two years in the military. Sometimes on bad nights, he wonders if he and Tony are moving too fast, if they’ve jumped the gun, if Tony will lose interest and leave him, and moments like this feed those fears.
Steve stood, hesitated a moment, and then crossed to his bedside table where he extracted the supplies Jan had mentioned. His entire face was firecracker red, but he marched resolutely to the door, refusing to be ashamed that he had sex and enjoyed it. “Go get him, honey,” Jan encouraged, and Steve managed a pained smile before he disappeared down the hall.
“And after that, did you handle any moving engine parts?”
“Tony, this isn’t you!”
in answer to the prompt "Character A and B are in public. A notices that B has something smeared on their face (sauce/paint) & is really distracted by it & keeps glancing at them. B thinks A is flirting & flirts w/ A. B is embarrassed when A tells them but it all ends well."
They were careful as they laid out things to dry. The chutes went up in the hayloft where they wouldn’t draw attention to how Steve and Bucky arrived. Their clothes went over the wooden gates keeping in the sheep and goats, all of whom watched with eerie silence as Steve and Bucky went about their business. Steve wanted to mention the unnatural quiet, but he dared not speak in English or French and was wary of testing the limitations of his German. He could tell from Bucky’s frequent glances, though, that Bucky didn’t trust their shelter either.
They settled under rough woolen blankets for the night, the rain still pattering above them. Determined to get some actual sleep, Steve forced his muscles to relax one by one, but even as he drifted off, he heard wolves take up the call again, howling, sometimes closer, sometimes farther. Even when it seemed the beasts were right outside the barn, still the sheep and goats made not a bray or baa, only shuffling nervously through their hay and dirt bedding. Steve’s dreams, when they came, were filled with icy blue eyes, a sharp half-smile, dark chuckles, whispered words not quite clear enough to understand, a sense of beckoning.
Only then does Steve seem to realize he’s alone in the living room. He blinks cow-eyed for a moment, and then scrambles to his feet. “Well, uh…” Hands to his pockets, shoulders hunched, Steve looks amazingly vulnerable for a man who’s 6′2″. “Happy birthday?”
If Jan’s goal had been to shock him into action, she succeeded, because he gave her a dirty, affronted look. “I’m allowed to admire. Tony certainly does his squats. But if you want that ass to be yours, you have to
“Dawn.”
“No. They’re nice, but they don’t really fix anything for us. Why don’t you come with me?”
“Can I help you?” she asks pointedly, flicking her red hair and looking like she’s gearing up to rip him a new one.
Ever since the whole palladium debacle, he’s kept his birthdays pretty low-key. Not to mention there’s been a world-threatening event every April since then. It hardly feels like a time for cake and booze when weird green aliens are trying to take over the planet. Somehow, this year he just…forgot.
Gasping for breath, he managed to start speaking, or maybe he’d been speaking gibberish all along. Either way, he began a steady chant. “Steve, Steve, Steve, want you, inside, fuck me, Steve, need you, gonna, please,
After a moment more of gaping, Tony closes his mouth and sets his pointed chin in a determined line. “Aye, aye, Captain,” he says, tossing a jaunty salute and turning to face his foes. Steve takes the stairs three at a time to gather up his cleaning supplies. He has a feeling they have a long night ahead of them.
“Ok. Let’s go.”
“Tony!” If Tony was here, nothing was impossible. Steve could do anything. At the top of the grand staircase, where previously there had been nobody, Tony stood. He was dressed uncharacteristically in a red silk smoking jacket and a pair of fine slacks that looked as though they might belong to a matching tuxedo.
“I’m not sure if that would be any kind of story. Man gets sick in Romanian town. Lives in the lap of luxury. I don’t think the readers would much enjoy that.”
There are two ways this can go. Steve can let it sour the whole holiday for both of them, or he can double down on the rest of the list. One battle lost does not mean the war is lost, too. Once the tree is out in the trash heap, Steve returns, digs out his little table tree, decorates it with their homemade bits and bobbles, and draws up an even better plan for the coming weekend. Cookies and the parade. Easy enough.
“What happened to ‘ugh, ah, four in the morning?’“
Damn the man for talking sense. Against his fiery temper, Steve felt reason warring and winning. “So you’d be in charge of weapons?”
“Thank you, dear. You can come in now. Close and lock the door behind you.”
“Steve? Steve?”
“Well, at least I know I don’t need to punish you. She’s going to eviscerate you. I’m never going to see you again. She’ll send you to Mt. Everest to live out the rest of your days sans wireless. She’ll,” Steve pauses, eyes glittering gleefully, “she’ll take away your phone.”
“Oh yeah?” Steve glances up and then his eyes dart to his paintbrush. “It suits you too, you know.”
“Wonderful!” Stark beamed. “My car should be waiting at the entrance.” He gestured Steve ahead of him and fell into step as they moved to the elevator. Though Stark easily matched Steve’s stiff pace without any hint of impatience or frustration, there was still something frenetic about him, a restless energy which, if they were perhaps in the safe dark of a discreet establishment, might have advertised something entirely different to Steve.
Tony stood shoulder to shoulder with him, contemplating the brush strokes of Peggy’s portrait, the sweeping curl of her hair and the delicate halo on her right side where the light bounced off her skin.
Together they tumble on the floor, slow and sweet and warm and occasionally a little awkward because Steve’s knees are not fond of hardwood, even with the carpet. Through it all, Steve keeps his vocabulary limited. “Yes” and “I love you” and “Of course.” Tony is less articulate, but no less eager to express his love to Steve.
“No buts!” Tony’s words echo Carol’s and nonsensically, Steve starts laughing until he feels his stomach heave with threat. All the way to the bathroom, Tony fusses over him, undoing his buttons, unzipping zips, cajoling and sweet talking in turn. By this point, the fever haze has reduced Steve’s ability to function to approximately the level of a slug, so he stands under the water until Tony pops in thirty minutes later and forces him out again, drying him and dressing him in his pajamas.
“Just a second,” he blurts and snatches the bathrobe from the bed, shrugging into it. It fits around his waist just fine, but it’s short on his legs and wrists, and gapes where his shoulders push the seams to their limits. Tony smirks and leers shamelessly, already bundled in his robe and curled in the wingback armchair next to the fire.
“12:47 AM, Sir.” The censure in his voice does not go unnoticed.
“Was that an invitation,” Tony whispers in his ear, and Steve jumps. He shoots Tony a sour look and walks up the snickering cashier.
“Here we are,” Tony said, spreading his hands wide, “gathered together, as family should be.”
Moving at the ramshackle pace of a zombie, Steve packs up his work and heads home, only pausing to poke his head into Fury’s office to let him know what’s going on.
“Beers! I can get you guys beers! Or something stronger? Do you guys drink?”
“Yeah, honey. You slept clear through to Christmas practically.”
“Well, missing in a manner of speaking. I’ve been ill. The gentleman who owns this fortress is a secret informant for the Allies, and he was kind enough to take me in, though apparently everyone knows I’m here anyway if you were able to find me.”
A tiny, vulnerable smile grew on Tony’s face and he shook his head, though he didn’t look away. The golden glow through their tent walls painted Tony in tones of dandelion and day lily, making his brown eyes warm to toffee. The gray at his temples took on the gold more sharply than his darker hair, haloing him.
A drunk Steve is a horny Steve.
“But Tony, we already—“
have to tell me about where you found those ridiculous peaches.”
“Do you like it?”
“Oh crap.” Against Tony’s face, Steve flinches. “I really can’t pull off anything today.”
“Open presents?”
He’s distantly aware of Steve saying “Tony?” his voice laced with confusion and the remains of his own shock.
Tony led Steve into a well-appointed room, thick with velvet hangings, heated by a crackling fire. Outside the shutters, Steve could just see the flashes of lightning, but the storm seemed so far away. With the door closed, Tony descended immediately, kissing Steve teasingly, nipping at his lips, running icy hands over Steve’s jawline.
“We need this to be quiet-like. The situation in Romania’s topsy-turvy. Word is they’re trying to style a coup to flip to the Allies. Last thing we need is drawing attention with Allied activity there. Need ‘em to still look like Axis as far has Heir Hitler’s concerned. You lot show up? Well, you’re known for causing trouble. We need Hitler fixed on France. Big things are coming down the pipeline, and we don’t want him turning his eye east right now. So the rest of your boys are heading to France to be flashy and cause trouble. It’ll just be you, Cap.”
Find me on
“It was my dad’s mansion back before he moved corporate headquarters out to California. It was just gathering dust so I figured, you know, might as well,” Tony replied, shrugging nonchalantly in the way he did when he was trying to pretend something didn’t matter that much to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh?” Curiously, Steve propped himself up and took a proper look. When Tony had said he waxed, he meant everywhere. Only a neatly groomed thatch of pubic hair remained at the base of his cock, and his balls and ass where completely smooth. Boldly, though not without his ever-present blush, Steve ran a finger down and down and down, taking in all that smooth olive skin. “No peach fuzz,” he murmured, and a moment later, Tony guffawed and then burst into a real laugh, quickly quelled.
“Do you even know how to use any of this?” Steve asks, gesturing to the cleaning supplies.
“Nothing,” Steve says with an enigmatic smile, and then pulls Tony in close, burying his nose in helmet-tousled hair. “Just wanted to do it.”
“Uh-huh…” Steve says slowly. He has an inkling where this is going now, but he is very afraid.
With a sigh, Steve fights his way through the crowd, ostensibly toward the bathroom, but with the gentle curve of his trajectory aiming for the bar. Finally he spots black hair sticking out every which way. No wonder Tony blends in so well. He looks minuscule next to the linebacker sitting on his right. Steve’s heart flutters with a wash of protective feeling and he reaches out as soon as he's in range to touch Tony’s shoulder.
“Gingerbread houses? Popcorn garlands? Cookie decorating?”
“Bucky and Natalia too?” Steve asked, his voice soft, almost weak.
“No.”
“Who is she anyway?”
“Details, details.”
Bucky’s laughing, too, lounging and looking pleased with himself. Steve’s crossed his arms and looks caught between irritation and amusement. “Ha ha. Laugh it up. I see how it is. See if I give either of you free beer anymore.”
Natalia’s hand at his ankle, her fingers a vice, her nails like claws. Steve tried to kick her off, his foot lashing into her nose. He heard a sick crack, but there was no blood, only red rage in her eyes. Still, it was enough that she loosened her hold of his foot, and he bolted forward, scrambling down, down, down.
A grin spreads across Steve’s face, slow and wicked. “Did you destroy Pepper’s apartment?”
He used to be able to throw back his shoulders, stand straight and proud, but as Ross enumerates the ways in which Steve would once again throw a punch for good old Uncle Sam, he couldn’t find it in himself to lift out of his slouched posture.
“Destroy is such a strong word, Steve,” Tony says as they trudge up the stairs, dripping and cold. “I…I remodeled a little. Just a few new windows.”
Tony gasps, and presses a hand to his chest, fingers spread wide. “I’m a goner. We better have life-affirming sex before I go. You know. Since you’re never gonna see me again. Better make it count.”
“Tony!” Steve takes off again, bowling over two firefighters and hitting Tony like a freight train. He enfolds him in a hug, squeezing so tightly that he feels Tony’s toes lift off the ground and brush the tops of his boots.
Gasping, Steve turns his face until he can press his lips to Tony’s jaw. Tony’s wriggling in his tight grip, and for a moment Steve eases up, but apparently all he wanted was to swing his legs up, which he does, wrapping his knees over Steve’s hips and hitching himself high.
Thor opens his mouth to answer, but suddenly, Tony’s door bursts open and Steve barrels in, shield at the ready. He’s in his civvies, but that doesn’t stop him from immediately putting himself between the bird thing and Tony.
One day, Steve wakes up and realizes he feels much more coherent. And also much less like he’s going to lose the first non-liquid thing he tries to eat. Glancing out the window, he guesses it’s midday, but given that there are flurries flying, it’s difficult to be sure. Disgusted by his own sweaty body, Steve digs himself out from the heavy mound of blankets—they’ll need to wash everything after this mess—and snatches his bathrobe from its hook in the bedroom closet.
Tony shrugs and slurps more stew. His mood is still opaque to Steve, and that makes this all harder. In the course of normal life, Tony is usually so open about everything, almost too open, but when it comes to his family, it’s like a slick plastic wall drops down, imposing a buffer space at least three feet in every direction. Steve’s honestly not sure if Tony’s even told his parents yet about their engagement, and he’s not sure how he feels about that. It’s a long engagement, in any case, so there’s time. There’s still time.
“I thought you were supposed to be romantic here, Steve,” Nat says, and that sends Steve tripping over himself as he gets to his feet.
“You’ll like it even more with a little blue.”
“Thank you calling them all. For bringing them. I’m so glad, so glad it made you happy to have them here.” They hold each other and cry a bit while the angel on the TV recounts George Bailey’s early life, but finally Tony pulls back and presents the box again.
“Shit,” Tony says, but he makes no move to rise.
“What was that for?” he says when they part, the coffee on his lips now on Steve’s tongue.
“You are a drunk-thief. A thief-drunk. You dreal when you stink,” Steve says, pawing through his wallet with clumsy fingers. “Not cool.”
“Another drink, first.”
He raised his glass of red wine, as did the others. Steve’s glass was empty. Why was the glass empty? For some reason, he wanted his shield. His fingers twitched, as though reaching for the arm straps.
“Where’s my dame, then?”
“For that, Sir, you would need a private airstrip as well, and unfortunately, that is prohibitively expensive in New York City, even for you.”
“Do you think this adventure will go in
Six months later, when Tony asks Steve out on a date, Steve brings a huge bouquet of lavender and blue and yellow irises, as well as an obscenely large bag of chocolate covered espresso beans. “I know chocolates are traditional, but I figured with your caffeine addiction…”
” Phillips’ tone made it clear what he thought of the civilian contractor”—Tony Stark, AKA Iron Man.”
After his lips start tingling and Tony finishes sucking a bruise into his neck, Steve sighs and sinks down on top of Tony, pillowing his head on top of the paint on Tony’s shirt. “Thanks,” he whispers into skin and cotton. “I needed that.”
Steve sighs and leans over, offering Tony a hand. “Let me guess. Laundry service?”
JARVIS brought him to the penthouse without a word, and Tony emerged into a seating area lit only by the New York skyline. Late then. Late enough that the city seemed quiet. Maybe so late it was early. Tony had just been looking at a clock. Why couldn’t he remember what time it was?
“You wound me, Bambi. I kept things up to code, didn’t I?”
“Did you come here to sass me or to watch baseball?”
“Because you’re both the thickest men I’ve ever met?” Jan guessed, though her palm rubbed soothing circles up and down his back. “Steve, just go to his room. Bring lube and some condoms. Use your words. For all Tony knows, you’ve just got a thing for peaches.”
“HAPPY BIR
Steve hands were on him. Smooth, strong, sure. And then he started kneading. Gentle squeezes along Tony’s triceps, soft circles across his shoulder blades, firm strokes along his lumbar and glutes. The warmth seemed to shoot straight through him, setting off some sort of chemical trigger in his brain. Little by little, his limbs melted into the mattress.
“Ruined? What about how I fucked up the cookies or killed the tree. I was terrified I was ruining it for you.”
“And before we start throwing shit,” the downstairs neighbor yells, and all four of them down on the street flinch. Tony watches with half-worry, half-amusement, half-exasperation (too many halves, but Tony is too tired to care) as Steve stumbles his way up the stoop and into the building and then waits impatiently, getting colder all the time in the draft from the window, until the front door rattles its way open.
“Jesus, how old are you?” Sam asks, lifting his hand from his face to look at Tony.
Tony’s next breath was shuddering again, his eyes too bright, and Steve could see the kiss coming. He welcomed it and wondered what might have become of this in a different life, in a kinder life. He’d known Tony only a few hours, but somehow, he felt as though he’d known him since the beginning of time, as if this very moment was destined to happen again and again. Their kiss was a soft one, a gentle one, and it ended as easily as it had started, Tony now crying in earnest.
“You guys didn’t… I don’t…” He’s completely overruled. The soup is good, albeit completely lacking any sort of Christmas tradition. The chilies, onions, and ginger in it do wonders to make him feel cleared up and warm.
“Mom always hired a decorator to do the house over, and you know I never cooked. The holiday parties were okay, I guess. There was usually a cool band or pianist or something. Mom let me have a little champagne.”
And then he was going up. There were arms under his shoulders and knees, a furnace of heat against his side. Thor’s cape draped over him in what was probably a ridiculously dramatic affectation. He would’ve laughed if he could’ve.
Close enough now, Steve raised a reverent hand to the old girl. She looked down on him, her faceplate inscrutable. His beautiful golden coffin. He startled slightly when Tony put a hand on his shoulder, squeezing. Tony’s face was somber again now, also upturned to look the helmet in the eye, as much as he could from four feet below her.
It’s Murphy’s law, really, that sends Steve tumbling down, and Tony only just gets his hand out in time to cup the back of Steve’s head and keep him from whacking it hard against the wood floor of the hallway. They both land winded, Tony sprawling on top of Steve, legs akimbo, and after a moment, they’re both laughing, the bizarre tension of the night somehow broken. Downstairs, their poor neighbor bangs at the ceiling with a broom handle, but that only makes them laugh harder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve writes out a list of every Christmas activity he can think of and hands it off to Tony so he can pick the things he’d like to try. Tony still hasn’t really outlined what Christmas was like for him as a kid, and the activities he’s picked out feed more of Steve’s suspicions that Tony’s holidays have been pretty bleak, even before he was snipped out of his family’s lives. Tony’s picked out tree-trimming, caroling, cookie making, gingerbread house building, lights on their balcony, the local Christmas parade, Mass, Christmas goose, volunteering at the soup kitchen, and presents on Christmas morning. Looking at it all, Steve feels suddenly overwhelmed. After his mom passed, his Christmas celebrations had inevitably been with Bucky, and for that, usually he just brought a casserole. His only Christmas decoration has been a fake tabletop tree that came pre-decorated.
“Not your fault.” Steve murmurs, taking the box but not daring to unwrap it. Tony plows on, now taking on the more familiar cadence of overexuberance that Steve loves so much.
Tony swiveled to watch the bot’s feed, studying preliminary analysis from the computer’s suppositions and looking to see how close it got to guessing right. There needed to be human input at this stage to verify and validate, but if he could get the bot's guesses at least 80% accurate, it would save soldiers precious minutes of exposure and danger in the field.
“Thor kind of spoiled the surprise. I uh…I …” Steve gulps hugely and then drops to one knee and Tony’s world tilts sideways. Steve’s digging in the pocket of his leather jacket, and Tony can almost see the embarrassment steaming off of him. And there’s a ring,
“Steve, honey, I appreciate that you’re horny, but I’ve gotta get this window at least reasonably patched up.”
“—a ghost. Steve? Steve, honey, answer me! Say something. Anything.”
Caught up in the fervent hush of Tony’s words, Steve felt his lips part in awe. Tony’s hope was so bright, his anguish so painfully open and evident, that Steve almost believed in this chance Tony wanted to give him. They stared at each other for many moments longer, the gravity between them almost overwhelming, until Tony at last drew a shuddering breath and ran an anxious hand through his hair.
“I told you, the orichalcum freed me of
, when he said it. It just got me thinking. And maybe…maybe I’m barking up the wrong tree. And if I am. That’s okay. Your friendship means the world to me. And I don’t want to ruin that friendship. But. I have feelings. For you. And I’m sorry if what I did in the kitchen made you uncomfortable. I don’t know what I was thinking. They were just…there. And so perfect. And the little panties. It made me think…well, it doesn’t matter what they made me think. I think that was pretty obvious. I mean, I was pretty obvious. But maybe I wasn’t? I–”
“Steve, Steve,” Tony groaned, catching his eye. “You’re hurting me, Steve.”
Wibbly again, and now so near sleep, Steve has to blink away the tears before he answers, “I love it.” He glances up at Tony’s hesitant face. “In fact, I love it so much I’m going to cash this one in right now.”
“Holy shit, man, what happened?”
“You could’a painted it pink if it meant a 35% load reduction. That’s already wonderful!”
“Steve,” Tony crooned, reaching for his face. “You don’t want to hurt me. You don’t want to hurt me.”
Clint steered Tony into a chair, and a moment later, something heavy fell over his chest and legs. He looked down to see a length of heavy red fabric. Thor’s cape. He was wearing Thor’s cape. And under that he was…naked? Except for socks. He was still wearing socks. Not naked.
Steve texts, and he feels a shiver of apprehension. Since the washing machine incident, they’ve managed to have six successful dates and several more nights of just hanging out and watching films. Or rather, not watching films. Steve has enjoyed all of these nights immensely, though he’s pretty sure Sam, Nat, and Bucky didn’t appreciate the eyeful of Tony’s ass the one night they’d invited themselves up for beers.
for more fanfiction and nerdery
“It is,” Steve murmurs, mush-mouthed and too heavy to move anymore.
“You want I should help warm you up?” he offers with a smirk and a wink, and Tony’s eyes darken. Then he glances to the door.
“Sounds promising,” Steve returned, in German as well, but keeping his sentences as short as possible to cover his accent.
Tony groans and rolls his shoulders again. This late, Steve’s probably already in bed. And with having to get up so early, Tony’s not even going to get a good morning snuggle or snog or anything. Maybe going to bed is a wash. He could go down and get a head-start on the latest software patches for their GPS, or maybe work out just why exactly the targeting system in the left repulsor has been on the fritz. It’s six hours to California. That’s enough time to just sleep on the plane, and there’s always concealer for under-eye bags.
“The flight is today.”
He shook his head sharply. No. This was not the answer. There was plenty of time for tweaks later. What he needed right now was sleep. Even he could recognize when he was beyond being of any use to anyone, and he was there right now, already a lump of sleep-deprived meat.
“Damn right we would.”
Tony turns in his seat and grins up and Steve’s jaw drops. It isn't that he hasn't seen Tony covered in grease before. Hell, the first time they really met, Tony was up to his elbows in sticky black oil. It’s just that in public, Tony normally makes an effort to be, if not presentable, than at least attractive. The black smear that spreads from his hairline down the side of his face to his jawline is decidedly…well, Steve thinks it's attractive, cute even, but he has a biased opinion. He blinks and realizes Tony is talking, shouting really, through the din of the bar.
Tony Stark, the boyish crush he’d nurtured before the serum transformed into outright infatuation, an infatuation that didn’t go unnoticed. On their missions together, he and Tony had come together in dark haylofts and bombed out buildings, sharing hasty blowjobs or handjobs, trading the kinds of feverish kisses that came of desperation in a time of war, huddling for warmth, companionship, trying their damndest to hold onto shreds of humanity in often inhuman situations. In his wildest dreams, Steve imagined the affair carrying beyond the end of the war, growing into two war heroes and self-proclaimed bachelors who were good friends to the public and committed lovers in private. The idea of seeing Tony, of
“Waiting for lightning to strike me and end my misery,” Tony replies, cracking an eye. “It doesn’t seem to be working.”
“Maybe have a little faith?” Steve’s bashful expression had softened just a little, a smile hitching at his mouth, making him look a little more boyish.
“Hmm, perfect peach ass. Somehow, I suspect I’m not alone in this.” To prove his point, Tony ran his hand over the curve of Steve’s right butt cheek, appreciating the peach-fuzz coating of hair there. “Yeah. Yeah, you’ve got 100% grade-A American peach right here, too.”
Steve looks at the guy, takes in his earnestly hopeful expression and his fidgeting hands, and then sighs. “Sure. Let me just…I’ll gather up some stuff and bring it over. Ok?”
“And you’re the one with the perfect peach ass, so it’s definitely on you.”
Tony was just getting ready to open his toybox and relive his peach fever dream when there was a knock at the door. He huffed a breath of frustration and then carefully slid his dresser drawer closed, cinching his robe a little more tightly as he crossed his bedroom. He expected Jarvis, though in hindsight, he couldn’t have said why. What he got instead was a broad chest, a flaming face, perfect blue eyes, tousled hair.
Tony glances back from where he’s taping tarp down over the window frame. “Why would you want to be romantic for me? I don’t get it.”
might too, come to think of it.
Once the giggles subside into occasional breathless chuckles, Tony props himself up on both hands. “You’re a dork,” he says, looking down at Steve’s soft, flushed face.
“Clint’s handiwork,” Steve says sheepishly. “Bruce made your favorite. Or, uh, I suppose it’s probably packed into Tupperware in the fridge. And Nat picked up that tiramisu from that place you like.”
“I’m always free these days,” Steve said, only half-jokingly. He was, in the most technical sense, a consultant for the military, but they rarely listened to his opinions anymore. For all that he’d piloted the Iron Man through the War, outside of the armor, most of the higher-ups still saw a scrawny, asthmatic weakling. A few gave his opinions due weight: Danvers always took him seriously, perhaps because she was aware of the pain that came with being underestimated. But on the whole, Steve’s name and the reputation attached to it were the most useful thing about him as far as generals like Ross were concerned. Until now.
In the sandbox, the little bot scanned back and forth with infrared and ground-penetrating sonar and blessedly, beautifully, it located the payload. The shovel arm activated and started digging. Tony nearly wept.
“Ugh. Hate you. Ugh.”
Enraptured by the vulnerability, the humanity, of what’s before him, Tony stalls out again, blinking dumbly in the dim light of New York. It takes him a long while, certainly long enough to be creepy, before he finds the energy to stumble forward and put a hand to Steve’s shoulder.
BUT NO ACTUAL SEX! Sorry about that. It just didn't feel appropriate. You can find me for more fanfiction, nerdery, and other sundries on
“What? I still have my eyebrows.”
for more fanfiction and nerdery.
Tony stumbles further into the living space, taking in the obvious care with which the decorations were made, the fact that one pack of beer is his favorite snooty craft label. As he rounds the sofa, he sees a stack of gifts, some haphazardly wrapped, sitting next to the coffee table.
“I absolutely do.”
“Well, the only way you’re gonna see what this talented mouth can do is if you let me watch the rest of the game on your TV.”
“Positive,” Steve says, giving his most winning smile. It seems to have the desired effect because Tony slowly nods and then looks between them, as though realizing for the first time he’s still in only his underwear. He jumps away from Steve and turns toward the stairs, his ears wonderfully pink.
“I’m sorry, officers. I was…”
Hail stones are bouncing off the ground, big as quarters. Steve winces as the windshield on a car across the way cracks under the deluge. Further down the block, another car is blaring and blinking, its alarms tripped by the insistent, inclement weather. A minutes passes and then another. Tony doesn’t finish his thought.
Find me on
“I’m Steve. I live across the way. We were supposed to have dinner together tonight.”
“Blinds, please.”
“Wow. See if I give you that nice new rack of servers I’d been thinking about.”
“Don’t you?”
“Come on, Steve. It’s the middle of January. It’s freezing. Please come inside and send everyone else on their way.”
Tony made another disgruntled noise and bit Steve’s hip, easing his teeth after a moment to suck more gently, not without effect. Last night, they’d simply rubbed against each other, not bothered with anything more elaborate. It was slow and sweet, halfway between waking and sleeping, and it was so rare that they had the time to appreciate each other that way that Steve had thoroughly enjoyed himself, even though the wash of orgasm had been more like rolling down a hill than cresting a wave. Now though, with Tony’s fingers dancing to all sorts of new places, with the energy of a fresh day beginning to fill the sky, he felt like he wanted something more fiery. But also like he wanted to save the build. Make Tony wait all that much longer.
“Imagine that,” Steve said, tone still teasing. He sobered a little though as he leaned down to press his forehead to Tony’s. “Do you want to? Visit her, I mean.”
In the town proper, the residents scurried quickly, heads wrapped, bodies bundled against the cold rain. Only a few, ancient vehicles dotted the landscape, with the majority of people traveling on foot, several urging along scraggly donkeys on rope bridles. Steve and Bucky, with their bare heads, were given more than a few suspicious glances as they walked the cobblestone streets. They followed the general flow of traffic until they came to the town market, where wizened people bowed over wares. Tubers, goat cheese, shoes, coats, rare precious tins of sweets. Everywhere there were drab signs of hard times made only harder by the shelling. Evidence of that, too, was everywhere. Buildings with holes, piles of rubble, windows veiled in blackout curtains repurposed from patched old sheets.
“Not just for sex?”
“Stark was doing some recon on the border looking into some myth or legend or other. Horsehockey. Fury wouldn’t tell me the specifics, and I don’t really give a damn, truth be told. Stark’s always looking into loony Nazi mumbo-jumbo, so whatever it is, as far as I’m concerned, it's a waste of resources. But he’s one of the best inventors we have, and we can’t just let him fall into Nazi hands, or worse, the Soviets’.”
Originally posted
“Yes.”
Tony glances at the screen and catches sight of the Mets’ uniforms. That explains it. He grins and settles in a little, just to watch Steve be Steve.
In his corner, Tony doesn’t even try to fight it as his grin grows even dopier. He personally doesn’t see much in sports beyond the joy of statistics, but Steve sees something deeper, some sort of heart that speaks to him. It’s a pleasure just to watch.
For a first kiss, it was fairly tentative, both of them not quite sure of the reality of their surroundings, of the reality of their feelings, but then Steve moaned and drove down a little harder, urging Tony up the bed. “What,” he panted, his hands on either side of Tony’s head, “what do you want?” His hips were already driving down, a sweet delicious friction that had Tony longing for more.
“Understood, Sir. Search and rescue. I’ll prepare the Invaders right away.”
“You know,” he had said, his town drawing the concentrated attention of all the Invaders, “doctors have theorized that the origins of vampire myths lie in illnesses like porphyria, rabies, and tuberculosis. And then there are texts… Saint George’s Testament supposedly indicated he’d righteously slain a vampire. And there are mentions of those who consume human blood in Leviticus. Is it really so outrageous that some Kraut claims he’s a bloodsucker?”
“Yeah,” Steve whispered, bowing to press the word into the skin of Tony’s scarred chest, the strangely smooth swatch of skin across his pecs. His hands rubbed hot trails up and down Tony’s thighs, urging them wider so Steve could settle between them. “Where’d…where’d all your hair go?” Steve murmured absently, sucking little bruises into Tony’s stomach. “I remember you had…”
Tony led him to the right-hand seat and helped him down before taking his place at the head of the table. He looked around at them all and smiled, and there was something sharp, unearthly about that smile. The twist of unease grew, squirmed in Steve’s mind. Something wasn’t right, if he could only remember, if he could only put his finger on it.
“Georgia peach?”
He hears Tony behind him, a quick anxious shuffle at the entrance to the room they’ve converted into a studio/workroom. Tony’s things for inventing take up one half of the room, and Steve’s painting and sculpting supplies take up the other half. For a long moment, Tony is silent, and Steve knows he can see the violence on the canvas, the criss-crossing brush strokes that spread like branching lightning from the center.
THDAY!” it proclaims, sloppily written out in purple marker and adorned with little symbols which Tony supposes are meant to represent each of the Avengers, if the hourglass and purple H are anything to go by. The D of “DAY” has been filled in with a rough approximation of the arc reactor, and it slams into Tony like a ton of bricks.
They’re kissing again before he can finish his thought, and Steve groans and pulls them back onto the sofa, so that Tony can straddle him. There’s nothing elegant about their love-making. It’s clumsy and hurried, knees knocking and fingers slipping, losing purchase. At one point, Tony leans so far back he nearly tumbles off the couch altogether, but Steve bends forward and catches his waist, pulling him back in, always pulling him closer. He climaxes after only a minute of frantic stroking, and then flips them so he can suck Tony off, hands splayed over Tony’s chest and knees caging his shins.
“Steve.” That was Tony. His voice somehow soft, right at Steve’s ear, almost inside his very head. “Steve, why are you hurting me like this? Don’t you want to be family? Steve, we’re meant to be family.”
“Oh god. I’m so sorry I said anything.”
Steve glanced down at the silverware in his hands. Was it real silver? Did that have an effect on vampires? And what if Steve
“No,” Steve murmured, turning and looking at Peggy again. “I guess it didn’t.”
“They’re edible, Steve. I want to eat one.”
Steve missed the warmth of Tony’s hand the moment it was gone. Beyond handshakes with dignitaries and politicians, he couldn’t remember the last time another human being had touched him. He’d almost forgotten what it was like to have the warmth and comfort of another living being. When he’d been in better health, there were a few fervent encounters, but always anonymous. Steve couldn’t risk his reputation being tarnished, not when he was already so easily cast aside by the higher-ups. And besides, who would want him, broken and shriveled as his body was? Even masturbation exhausted him anymore, and he’d managed to survive without.
“Spoon’s swimming,” he muttered out loud and tried using both hands. Only Clint at his side managed to keep the mug of milk from becoming a disaster as it dropped away.
“No, Tony. No. I’m not gonna go without you. Let’s just… clean up and order a pizza, okay? We can always watch the parade highlights on YouTube or something.”
“JARVIS?” Nat asked, bypassing him completely.
“Oh, uh. Nothing. Nothing at all. I just…I’ll be right back.”
For more fanfiction and nerdery, you can find me on
Tony looks over the window with a critical eye, nods to himself, and then turns in Steve’s arms. “Okay, Blue Streak. Let’s get to you.”
“No.”
“We can always go next year, Tony. It’s not like Massachusetts is a bad place. Even if they do have the Red Sox.”
“Jan says I’m being a coward, so I’m just gonna come right out and say it. I’d like to have a relationship. With you. A…uh, sexual relationship. And a romantic one. But, uh, I saw the peaches, and Jarvis said you brought them from Japan, and he had this…
“You didn’t hear them flapping around? They were up in the loft. Probably avoiding the rain, just like us. Creepy little bastards.”
“I’m thinking more,” Steve replies, wiping at the sweat on his brow. He’s not quite sure what he did with his button-up, but it’s probably mixed in with Tony’s hopelessly pink whites. Steve’s undershirt is completely soaked through, but he’s guessing from the glances Tony keeps stealing that the view is appreciated. The big upright fan they set at the end of the hall to help things dry out sends a cool breeze across his skin and he shivers, hunching in a little.
“But nothing. We’ll make it work. I’ll think of something. You wanted to do something romantic? Well, I can’t think of much that’s more romantic than larking off to Denmark for three months together.”
Steve cranes his neck, but Tony disappears in the press of the crowd, and seeing through all the bodies is nearly impossible. They shouldn’t have come on a game night, but a few drinks out had seemed like a good idea, especially since Tony had finally turned twenty-one and they could do this in public now. So Steve had come straight from his tiny cubicle to the bar, only to meet  a cloud of beer fumes and raucous shouting about the football game playing on all the TVs. Maybe some place a little closer to home would’ve been quieter, but Tony  wanted to meet near Steve’s office building.
“Are you kidding me? That banner is great.”
Steve hummed and pulled Tony in tighter. “Good,” he said, rocking them both a little. “I’m gonna ask her what you were like as a toddler.”
“What did you do?”
“They’re adorable.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispers, looking away and then back again. “Just, just wanted to be romantic. For you.”
“That’s okay. This is nice, too.” And just as quickly Tony’s laughter died away because Steve dove down and replaced his hand with his mouth, kissing and sucking his way down Tony’s balls to his perineum and then down his crack to his hole.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Real mature, honey.” Wincing a little, Tony manages to clamber back to his feet and he pulls Steve up after him. They make their way into the bedroom like teenagers sneaking in after curfew and tumble onto the comforter in a gaggle of limbs. Once down, though, Steve doesn’t make any moves. He lays there on his stomach, arm right over the center of Tony’s chest, eyes on Tony’s face.
Steve had not the strength to call up the Lord’s Prayer again. He looked to Bucky, who remained on the floor, Natalia seated over his thighs, writhing against him, her wrist to his mouth, feeding him. He sucked hungrily, lips stained red. There would be no help from there.
“Don’t know what I was thinking. Stupid of me. Should’ve said Bermuda.”
“Oh my god!” Tony says, dropping down from the dryer and nearly wiping out on the slick floors. “Our date. I’ve gotta…our reservations, shit. I…”
It hits Tony in an instant, and suddenly he understands why Steve drank so much, why he’s being so pushy and insistent. “Oh, babe. You know, you know I can say no to them. I’ll say no to them. I don’t have to go.”
“Urgh. Ugh. And the flight tomorrow is?”
“Steve?” he says, shock and fear clear on his face.
Steve steps forward to meet him, freeing his hands and pulling Tony close. “We’ll reschedule. For next week.”
“Pa…”
As if to complete clichés, a storm gradually drew down the valley, lightning flashing on nearby peaks. Daylight fell away, leaving Steve and Bucky stumbling up cobblestones slick with rain, glowing almost green in the ominous lightning. Not a townsperson in sight. They crested the central hill just as the rain picked up, and Bucky approached the portcullis of the fortress. As if sensing them, a low, narrow side door swung open, though still Steve and Bucky couldn’t see anyone. Trading looks, Bucky drew his pistol, as did Steve, though he loathed to use it. His shield was too distinctive, though, and he would only pull it out in a worst-case scenario.
“Never mind. It doesn’t matter. This one’s ruined, too.”
“Tony,” he pants, fumbling for the right key, hands shaking, whole body shaking. “I gotta…he…Tony…”
“Blow job?” Steve says, perking up like an excited puppy.
“Tony, it’s super ugly, but it’s
“Better than you ever did, sir.”
Setting his mouth in determination, Steve opens his front door and marches across the hall, knocking soundly on Tony’s door three times. He waits. And waits. And waits a little more before knocking again, more loudly and more forcefully than before. Still nothing.
Normally in the field, Steve was able to sleep and wake at will with no alarm needed, but sleep was slow to come. The forest was alive with noise: drizzling rain, rustling leaves, wind moaning in the higher boughs of the trees. In the far distance, Steve thought he heard a wolf howl. And then another. Maybe he would forego sleep for the night; he could make it two days without if need be. Another howl made up his mind, and he settled in for a restless night, teeth on edge for no reason he could explain. It wasn’t as if this was the most frightening situation he’d been in during the war.
“Don’t move. Stay right where you are.” Tony didn’t mean to sound quite so testy, but he must’ve because Steve immediately freezes and gives Tony the kicked-puppy face. “There’s glass on the floor and you’re drunk and I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Steve pouts prettily, but he takes the glass and downs it all in a single draft, a little bit of water sloshing onto his criminally tight gray T-shirt. “Done,” he says, wiping his mouth in a positively filthy way and fixing Tony with an intent stare. “Blow job now?”
Steve ducks to kiss Tony on the lips and then sinks into the nest of blankets. “No. Wouldn’t have it any other way.”
As he stepped into the kitchen, he beheld Steve, who immediately caught Tony in his azure blue gaze. He had a peach in hand, and his other hand was fingering the satin lining of the ridiculous box. The moment he had Tony’s attention, he moved into action. The hand that had been at the box rose and oh so slowly slid the panties down off the peach, hooking them on his finger and twirling them ponderously through the air. He’d chosen a bright red pair, and Tony’s eyes followed them round and round until another movement caught his attention. Steve had brought the peach to his face, lips to the fuzz, nose to the stem, and he was inhaling.
“J, lab’s yours. Get the specs and test footage to Pep, and tell her to work her magic. Do not disturb orders on my quarters for the next four hours. I don’t want to hear or see anyone or anything unless the world’s ending, and even then, tell them to see if they can get Johnny Storm first.”
“No. No, that’d be dumb. Don’t say no. I’m, I’m being dumb. I’m the dumb one.”
That was Bruce. Bruce was back. “I brought you some melatonin and a mild muscle relaxant. I know you prefer not to have that kind of thing in your system, but you’re so keyed up, I worry you might not get to REM before your muscles wake you back up again. Will you take it for me?”
“Steve?” Ms. Ortega says behind him, but he’s digging for his keys, frantically trying to open the door. “Steve! Steve, what are you doing?”
“Don’t pin this on me, Mr. Let’s-go-up-for-a-romantic-getaway-in-nature. You were the one who said it would be fun and sexy to take the motorcycle.”
Tony turns so he’s facing Steve and runs a gentle hand through the short hairs on the back of Steve’s head, enjoying the texture of them, scratching lightly until Steve’s eyes droop heavy with pleasure. “You, Steve Rogers, are not dumb. I wish you’d said that this internship was bothering you so much, though. I had no idea.”
commands. Together, Steve, we can break free of him, make our own family, be together forever.”
More inebriated giggling.
Steve’s eyebrows hit his hairline and he turns back to Tony, who is looking with a great deal of interest at the tire well of the ambulance. “‘Little snafu’?” he asks, pulling Tony in closer still, so that he can only look at Steve’s face or his armpit. Tony elects armpit and buries his nose deep. “Infinitesimally small snafu,” he says into the jacket, voice deliberately muffled.
“Tony.”
Tony drank, as did the others, and the wine-stained his lips a fetching red. Steve would’ve drunk if he could’ve, but no one had poured him wine yet. Instead, he began filling his plate with the feast, his stomach demanding to be filled. The food was luscious: succulent, salty, filling, fatty, all the things he’d longed for during cold hikes through the woods and even before, when his life was wracked with poverty and his meals were usually boiled vegetables and not much else. It took him quite some time to realize none of the others were eating. They were all watching him eat, their eyes hungry, their lips red, their smiles…disturbing.
“You mean that crappy tank you’re wearing?”
“No, see. No, I couldn’t have, because that would make not once but twice that you would see I’m a complete loser and give you ample reason to blow me off.” Almost as soon as he’s said it, Tony clamps his hands over his mouth. “Fuck me,” he whispers through his clenched fingers and Steve grins.
“Course not,” Phillips groused, though this time there was at least an edge of humor. He shuffled a few more papers and then said, “You leave on a night jump tonight. Dark flight, dark jump. Civvies. Don’t need your damn star-spangled ass attracting attention. Additional brief is on your desk. Read it. Do your duty. Dismissed.”
“Do not disturb orders. Nat, if there’s an emergency, you’re in charge.”
Steve sighs and begins cracking windows, wafting the cookie sheet through the air to clear the smoke.
She hangs up, pressing her finger forcefully against the glass and glaring at the screen as though she’s hoping it will spontaneously combust.
“Holy fuck, man,” Sam says, flopping down on Tony’s sofa. (It turns out Tony has a sofa and three chairs, but hell if Steve would have known at first glance.) Natasha is laying boneless across the back of the couch and Bucky is on the floor, spread-eagled and eyes closed. “You are so lucky I owed you a favor.”
Leaning to the right, Steve manages to get his first glimpse into the laundry and blanches. Mountains of suds rise from three of the washers, and one of the dryers is slowly rocking its way across the floor on uneven feet, scuttling along in film of water and soap.
Hey look! I've added a timeline! Exciting!
“Oh my god!” Tony breathes and then leaps up, dashing for the bathroom. Steve follows, pressing past a man who's exiting. Tony is at the brown-stained sink, staring at his reflection with abject horror. He speaks without turning to Steve. “I met a potential investor today. I can’t remember if it was before or after the taxi. Oh my god, Steve, what if I looked like this when I met with her? What if I had this horrible stuff on me the whole damn time.”
“Excuse me. Happy 38th Birthday the Thirteenth.”
“I didn’t even think… I thought it was kind of like a houseplant or… Oh my god, I’m an idiot.”
Tony ducked his head and looked away. “Last time I visited, she thought I was Howard. Tried to throw a pen at me for ‘getting fresh with Lenore.’ After that…after that I had a hard time visiting.”
“Yes, I am. Now go upstairs before your boyfriend has a conniption.”
Steve frowns up at him, eyes huge and liquid in the dark. “Did you…just say ‘larking?’”
The elevator arrives at the penthouse, but Tony can’t seem to find the energy to unpeel himself from the wall. Eyes drooping, he considers just curling up to sleep right here.
“It’s my motorcycle, Tony. You don’t even have a motorcycle license.”
Mollified, Tony settles back into Steve’s lap and sips at his rock spider, lips coming away dressed with whipped cream and chocolate shavings.
Bundled off to bed, he drifts in and out of consciousness, feeling like his head has completely detached from his body. Every time he opens his eyes, though, Tony is there. He provides everything Steve could possibly ask for and many things he wouldn’t, including but not limited to hot tea, cold water, ice cubes, soup, barf bucket, the entire first-aid kit, and a laptop open to WebMD.
“On the one hand, I think a test run wouldn’t be amiss, but I’m also concerned with you hurting yourself before the battle. It’s your call, Colonel.”
“Have I got something on my face?” Tony asks, and that's it. Steve lets out one raucous guffaw right in Tony’s face and then has to press a hand over his mouth as other bar patrons turn to stare.
“Don’t worry about it,” Nat says, smiling sharply and slapping him on the back so hard he nearly head-butts his own knees. He knows better than to try and say anything again. Thankfully, the gifts are all more or less gag gifts: a hot water bottle, a thermometer, a huge selection of fancy instant ramen from the local Asian market, and a bottle of homemade fire cider. It’s clear his friends are sending him a message and that message is “Get well soon, dumbass.” Conspicuously, there’s no gift from Tony, but Steve doesn’t dare ask about that after the disastrous way all their holiday plans had gone.
Steve considers his chowder for a moment and then takes a sip of cider. Sweet-tart-cinnamon-cardamom on his tongue and it’s like he’s a kid again, trying to steal a slice of apple pie from the windowsill. “Well,” he says, once the wave of nostalgia has bowled him over, “this isn’t half-bad either. For all that we didn’t plan for it.”
Steve hums and slurps at his chowder. It’s weirdly sweet and savory at the same time, the meat of the clam tinting the cream with something wild and oceanic. The heat goes straight to his chest and he sighs in contentment. “Well,” he says thoughtfully, “we’ve got time to kill. Why don’t you tell me what all plans you had in Vermont? I still can’t believe you wanted to go there.”
“Bambi. Keeping everything in tip-top ship?”
Someone behind him hems and haws, and Steve turns to find the irate taxi driver, bearing his portfolio. Tony senses a weak spot and proffers his wallet, paying the driver three times what the actual fare.
Steve sighs and feels some of the tension bleed out of his shoulders. He’s never had a lover who figures out his moods as quickly as Tony does. It's nice, not to have to vocalize his feelings on the days where the words don’t quite work right for him. It's nice that Tony can just take one glance at him and go into protective mode. And so long as protective mode doesn’t involve cooking (Tony is still only barely able to make scrambled eggs on a good day) the things he does for Steve make it easier to breathe. It's nice.
Tony came and came and came, bearing down on Steve as he tried and failed to catch the breath he’d lost. He didn’t care. He didn’t care. The world was a white wash of wonder and he was away, floating, never coming down. Above him, Steve groaned and grunted and bowed, his sweat dripping down onto Tony’s chest.
“Pater noster. Pater noster. Pater noster.” Steve whispered, but his world was being consumed by Tony’s icy eyes. Tony’s icy, beautiful eyes.
Steve’s knees gave out from under him as he stared into the empty coffin.
Steve squeaks his way across the tile flooring and peers down at Tony, trying not to let his gaze drop too far south. “What is going on?”
Steve’s heart started beating double time almost instantly. Even before the war, he’d been a long-time fan of the
“Oh yes.”
Decorating goes so smoothly Steve is almost suspicious. Tony has a knack for the geometry of six-pointed snowflakes and promptly snips out two dozen intricate patterns while Steve folds origami cranes and balloons and pinwheels, all of which go up on the branches, along with Tony’s makeshift LED strand. They top the thing with a metal star punched from scrap copper. It all looks hideously mismatched and folksy, and Steve declares it’s exactly what a tree ought to be. Tony looks disbelieving, so Steve whips up some rock spiders and forces Tony down onto the rug, where he wraps him in a blanket and force feeds him cookies while
, beheading was effective. At least it was a plan, and he thought he could manage it. He set down his silverware and picked up his napkin, blotting at his lips. “That was delicious.”
“Well, to be fair, you look pretty damn good, even covered in oil.”
“What?” Steve asked, blinking down at Tony.
He shook his head as he clambered slowly and awkwardly out of the car. Strange thoughts to be having. He supposed it had to do with facing his own death. He was sure Tony would do all he could to bolster the Iron Man armor, but in his heart of hearts, Steve knew where this mission was headed. He knew what a last-ditch effort looked like. After all, if Ross truly thought the Iron Man armor was still of use, he would’ve pulled it in on the Vietnam War a long time ago.
“Not just for sex. I care for you so much, Tony. More than you can imagine.”
“Shit!”
“Knew what?”
Tony was warm next to him, arm and leg thrown over him in a possessive clutch that sent a thrumming sense of belonging through Steve’s hindbrain. They should’ve put clothes on again after making love last night, what with the low night temperatures, but it had seemed unimportant in the afterglow, and given that they were sharing a sleeping bag, Steve couldn’t remember ever feeling terribly cold during the night.
At just that moment, Thor appears, dressed in normal Earth clothes and breathless, and he slips in through the hole the bird thing has put into Tony’s beautiful tower. “Anthony! A most fortuitous blessing upon you. Steven must be so pleased.”
“I was just thinking the same thing.”
With fingers stiff and swollen from hours at the computer, Tony slowly peeled away his T-shirt and fumbled his way through his jeans’ button and zipper, shuffling out of the denim rather than pushing it away. He was afraid to bend over, what with the way his head was swimming.
Steve scuttles down the stairs, wincing as water squelches on the tile. He turns the corner and finds Tony laid out on his back in only a pair of black boxer briefs, phone clutched in hand and water and soap suds trickling around him from the laundry room door. “Tony?”
Tony gestures to the tree, which, now that Steve’s looking, is a lot worse for wear. Half its needles have made their way to the floor and the rest are a sickly shade of brown. The paper snowflakes, which at first had looked so crisp, now wilt downward with exposure to humidity from the tree stand and heat from the radiator. Steve’s origami has held out a little more sturdily, but in the sparse branches, the little cranes now mostly look lonely.
“I started off with the obvious: weight. I’ve redone the outer plating in an alloy that lightens the total load by 35%. With the bonus of adding that lovely golden sheen. I hope you don’t mind?”
“Sir?”
“Steve, what…”
“Okay. Okay, we can do that. And do you want to do Christmas? I know you’re not religious or…”
He dropped his hand to Tony’s head momentarily, scratching his nails lightly against Tony’s scalp. “Patience. I’m working here.”
“I bet you cook, too, don’t you? You’re like some world-class chef. I can see it written all over those chiseled abs of yours.”
“Come over? Really?”
“Steve?” It’s like panacea, a hit of ecstasy, like the very nectar of the gods itself. Steve twists, ignoring the hands grasping at his arms and shoulders. He’s suddenly surrounding by people, all of them pulling him in different directions, but beyond the line of blurred faces, he sees him.
“Well, it’s been more than a decade since I last donned the armor for a combat situation. I’ve worn it for ceremonies a few times since then, but even that…” Tony has probably seen the reports. He probably knows the state of Steve’s body. “I know with the adrenaline of combat, I’ll probably be able to push through, but I don’t know for how long. And then there’s concerns about collateral damage. This is New York City we’re talking about. I don’t want civilians getting hurt, and if I die, the suit is rigged to explode. Back during the war, that was to keep it from falling into the hands of the enemy, but we’re on American soil right now. I don’t think we need to worry about anyone grabbing it for nefarious purposes. Is there any way we could put pay to the self-destruct protocol?”
“Maaaaaaaaaybe,” Tony says, dancing out of Steve’s hold. “I mean, I can just give you money. You’re old enough, right?”
Tony squeaks and begins shucking his wet clothes, awkwardly hop-shuffling his way over to the fire as he strips. “Aaaah,” he sighs, as the heat licks at his skin, and Steve grins. At least it hasn’t turned out all bad just yet.
“Next time,” Steve breathed, hustling to peel his shirt over his head. Tony was caught between the pleasure of watching Steve’s abs flex and the delicious warmth of the idea that there would be a
“Well…I figured cooking is just chemistry, so…”
“Yes! Yes, let’s make a list! Lists are a Christmas thing. Anything you want to do. Or try.”
“Ugh. ‘Time ‘s’it?”
“That’s okay. It’s…it is what it is. Maybe we’ll try pie again for Christmas dinner. You did good with the pie crust last time.”
“Yeah.”
“Honey? Honey, what’s going on?”
“So how come you threw a brick through our window.”
“Well, um, Bucky extended an invitation to do holiday stuff with his family. His mom’s Jewish and his dad’s Catholic, so you’d get a mix of stuff there. We could pick one or the other. Or there’s Sam. Or maybe Rhodey?”
“No. No, you’ll have to jazz it up a little.”
Steve takes up his paintbrush, his smile growing even more intent as he stands and begins stalking forward.
By five o’clock, he’s got it all set up and the food is being kept warm in the oven, ready to be whisked out the moment Steve gets home. Tony’s surveying the lot of it proudly, hands on his hips, when he glances outside. There’s a dark little speck against the setting sun, flitting to and fro over New York. Sam? Was Sam running maneuvers today? Maybe Thor? But then the speck grows bigger. And bigger. And Tony stares with deepening dread as what he thought was a human resolves into a giant red…bird thing. And it’s heading straight for Avengers Tower. It would be almost comical—the way the bird’s eyes lock with Tony’s, the rattling shriek it gives, it’s clear collision course with Tony’s penthouse suite—if Tony hadn’t just spent six hours planning and executing the perfect Valentine’s Day evening.
Tony had honestly not known that Steve was capable of giggling so much. He isn’t usually quick to laugh, and Tony always feels accomplished when he manages to make Steve even just guffaw. This drunk giggly Steve is new to him, for all they’ve been engaged three months. Normally Steve stops himself at one beer, so this is…an experience.
“Can we?” Tony looks up with his big eyes, one of them ringed in solid black, and Steve guffaws again. In retaliation, Tony punches his shoulder. Steve leans down and kisses Tony, maybe a little more thoroughly than is strictly appropriate for a public bathroom, but he doesn’t care if Tony doesn’t. When he pulls away, he looks up and checks his jaw in the mirror. Sure enough, a little smear of grease has transferred.
“I just wanted to give you a nice Christmas. You seemed so…I don’t know. It seemed like a sore spot.”
“You’re one to talk,” Tony huffs back, spacing his words between complimentary whines and grunts. “You just assaulted, like, ten emergency personnel.”
“You,” Steve says, pointing at Nat and looking at her a bit cross-eyed, “you a pretty dangerous lady. Pretty. And dangerous.”
He closes the door, just shy of a slam, and Steve blinks at the little silver 204. Bucky smacks him again and says, “Come on Casanova. Pizza is calling.” Steve turns and fishes out his keys, and even with Bucky’s ribbing, he can’t seem to erase the dumb smile on his face.
Slowly but surely, he squeezes himself through the crowd, yelping when someone takes the chance to cop a feel. God, he hates these kinds of crowds. Hates them. His phone buzzes again with another text.
“We could go see her together next time. If you want, I mean. She still has good days. I bet she’d like to see what ever became of her godson. Can you imagine her finding out you’ve got to put up with my stubbornness now.”
Bruce was the first to move again, standing from his chair at the table. “Tony, you’re not looking so great. When was the last time you were able to sleep?”
“You sure?”
“But you don’t need me.”
“Right. Sorry. Stepping on the bro culture. My bad.”
“No. No, Steve! No!” Tony makes an exaggerated noise of betrayal as Steve tackles him to the floor, very deliberately smearing blue paint in a line down his shirt. He finishes it off by dotting Tony’s nose and then his cheek.
At that, Tony loses it. He snorts, and then giggles, and then bursts into all out laughter, collapsing to his knees when his stomach can no longer support him.
“What does that even leave?” Steve asks, but Bucky’s already walked past Tony, tossing off a careless wave as he exits. After a moment, Steve crosses to Tony and hauls him to his feet, smiling wryly. “Glad I could amuse you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Time slowed to a molasses crawl as he watched and waited. The digging mechanism had to be calibrated just so. Too much force might set off the bomb prematurely, and while the bot was built to withstand most of the explosives it would encounter, the goal was also to mitigate as much damage as possible to save on long-term costs. At last the bot pulled his dummy bomb and began sending back data.
In kind-of-sort-of response to
The very thought sent Tony’s head spinning, and he very nearly lost his balance right into Steve’s chest. He caught himself at the last moment and ended up holding the fabric of Steve’s shirt instead. “Well then, I’m yours.”
“I hate to pull you out of semi-retirement for this, but we’re going to need power. I, uh, I know the years have taken their toll, Colonel. We are looking into ways we might be able to… mitigate, yes mitigate, some of the side effects of the armor.” Steve had the distinct impression that Ross’ “mitigation” efforts ere less to ease Steve’s experience with the armor and more to protect the optics of the whole thing; it didn’t exactly look good, sending out a semi-retired colonel who could barely make it up and down stairs to face one of the greatest threats the US had seen in a decade (or so Ross would have Steve believe.) Ross cleared his throat and continues, “We’ve pulled in a consultant since Reed is otherwise occupied. I’d like to introduce you to Anthony Stark.”
Bucky approached a baker and, flipping a Reichsmark through his fingers, began asking questions. Steve resumed his stern face and rigid stance, trying to look as intimidating as possible—not a hard feat with these bent, weary people all around. The baker’s face grew more and more terrified, and she shook her head urgently, objecting in what sounded like Hungarian. Bucky’s tone grew sharper still, demanding an answer. Shaking, the woman pointed toward the fortress before collecting her wares and fleeing. The neighboring seller in her stall, filled with greens Steve didn’t know the names for, glared at them and began chewing Bucky out, this time in what was clearly German.
“I can think of some ideas,” Pepper said, her fingers twining with James’. “A brush with some dastardly Nazis, saved by Captain America, a heroic escape aboard the zeppelin. Perhaps a special guest.” She traded a look with Tony, as if her words had particular significance. Of course. Someone must have made them like this. If Steve could find that person, would that undo the curse? But how would he even go about it?
“Sir?” JARVIS asked, quietly, almost hesitantly.
Unthinking, he dashes from the cab while it’s still in motion, rolling across the pavement and pushing himself up to a sprint before the taxi driver’s even begun to cuss him out. There are a few firefighters forming a perimeter around the building, but he barrels through them like a linebacker. Mrs. Sullivan is huddled in the ambulance under an orange shock blanket, and her husband is glowering beside her, staring up at the building. Closer to the door, the landlord is chatting with a police officer.
The dawn peeked out over the edge of the horizon, and Steve rustled into his bag for his chalk pastels and a pad of newsprint. Beside him Tony huffed and shifted, curling more tightly into Steve’s hip, blindly groping at flesh while he hid his face.
Tony stumbled his way to the elevator, finally allowing himself to make the jaw-cracking yawn he’d been biting back for the last four hours. Now that the code wasn’t right in front of him, now that he had allowed his brain room to think of something other than the next string of numbers and letters, it felt like his bones were turning to concrete. His feet dragged and his fingers hung limp at his sides. The raw puffiness of his eyes seemed to get worse, especially when he stepped out of his dim lab and into the blindingly bright elevator.
“Ok, Tony.”
“Sir?”
“Steve,” Tony says, holding up his hands and drawing out the “e” of Steve’s name. “Babe. Blue Streak. Hey! That’s an even more apt nickname today. You know? ‘Cause you’ve got a blue streak. On your face.”
for more fanfiction and nerdery.
From under a dull red awning, Steve glares up at the glowering sky, cursing the rain and hail and the fact that he’s somehow found the one place in all of New York that is not in easy walking distance of a subway stop.
After dinner entertainment includes all the sappiest romance movies Tony could think of:
But then Bucky’s voice, wavering, agonized. “Panem nostrum cotidianum da nobis hodie, et dimitte nobis debita nostra, , sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris, et ne nos inducas in tentationem, sed libera nos a malo.” By the end of the prayer, Bucky’s voice was barely more than a whisper, so Steve reached for the doxology.
“You want to be with us. To be family with us. Don’t you?”
He barely registered the click of the lube cap, but then there was new cool slickness down his balls and crack, and the sudden and welcome intrusion of Steve’s finger. Tony yelped into the close air of the bedroom and felt Steve begin to withdraw. Desperate to keep him where he was, Tony clamped down his thighs, crossing his ankles behind Steve’s head. He couldn’t catch the air to breathe, but he fought with everything in him to arch into Steve’s touch, to say with his body that Steve should stay, that Steve should love him.
“Yes.”
. Tony had a stray thought to be glad he’d cleaned up, to be glad his body was like this for their first time. And then he was swept away again, deeper, higher, slowly moving toward the crest. He didn’t want to reach it without Steve, though.
Murphy strikes on the first pitch, but the second one sings, the sharp crack buzzing on Steve’s shitty speakers.
Suspicious, Tony glances back at Steve again, and then returns to the window frame. He stretches up on tiptoes to get at the top edge, and suddenly Steve is there pressed up behind him, warm and heavy. Chest to back, pelvis to pelvis. He tapes down the top edge for Tony and then drops his hand to Tony’s bare shoulder. “’Cause,” he says again, and his breath is so hot, his touch so inviting. Tony shivers and tries not to press back into his crotch.
ring, clutched between Steve’s long fingers, slim and smooth and shining in the evening light.
“Ouch, J. You could at least soften the blow.”
“Just gonna help you relax a little more. You just keep your eyes closed, ok? Go to sleep if you can.”
It took a few seconds for Steve to catch on and then he grinned, that beautiful full-chest blush spreading across his skin again. “It’s your fault. You’re the one who bought them.”
Glancing at the clock, Steve resists the urge to sigh. The Christmas parade starts in an hour and they’re not even out the door. “How about we just…leave cleanup for later and head out? They’ll have cookies at the parade, and hot almonds. Those are good. You’ll like them.”
“I killed it,” Tony whispers, reaching out to touch a forlorn snowflake, but yanking his hand back at the last.
Tony shrugs under Steve’s hands, but he doesn’t pull away. They stay huddled close until Tony’s coffee is gone, and then they head back out again. As they steadily roll north toward Hartford, the air grows damper, and a bank of clouds appears in the distant west. Steve eyes it warily, but he thinks it’s bearing south. They’ll probably be fine.
“What?”
“Water first. Sounds like you had a lot to drink.” He takes Steve by the hand and leads him into the kitchen area, where he gets down one of the large tumblers and fills it to the brim. “Here you go. Drink up, babe.”
Next Saturday finds them at a craft store, debating what kind of tree would be best. They’re on a limited budget, which in some ways helps. All the real glass ornaments are right out, and after inspecting the LED light strings, Tony declares he can make something comparable with scraps from his studio. In the end, Steve buys a few packs of pretty origami paper, two pairs of skinny scissors, and a pack of wire hooks. They’re really going to do this the old-fashioned way. The tree is a little bit tougher to come to a consensus on, but after some debate, they choose real instead of fake and settle on a little four-foot spruce (“I am not climbing a ladder to put the star on, you freakish giant,” Tony declares), grab a base for it, and awkwardly haul it home on the T.
“Well,” says Tony, finally starting to catch his breath, “I’ve gotta say I’m a little relieved. I was worried you were too damn perfect for me, but as it turns out, you blaspheme so hard even
Tony wanted to tell Steve he was great, he was sweet and kind and caring, and Tony loved him. He wanted to tell him all that. But his tongue was melting into his teeth, and his eyes couldn’t stay open anymore. Under Steve’s gentle massage, he finally, finally slept.
Originally posted on tumbler
“To what do I owe the pleasure, Steve?”
“I think that can be arranged.” Steve hums into Tony’s skin and bites again, adds a little tongue, like the touch of a promise.
“So I’ve also installed a new operating system. Think of it as an enhancement of your neurophysio interface. As the machine stands now, you have to multitask your mind into moving different systems independently
“Requires precision. I know. And I can be precise! I’m precise all the time! I just…” He doesn’t finish his sentence and instead peels away the template, biting his lip when half the dough comes with.
“He says there were rumors of a strange man in Sighișoara a few days ago,” Bucky said, still speaking in German. “Black hair. Facial hair.”
. He sincerely hopes that somewhere midway through, they break off to more pleasurable activities, because he’s not sure he can take the tooth-rotting fluff and he’s pretty sure
His phone dings and Tony’s reply highlights across the screen.
“No. And I didn’t think to get his number since, you know,” Steve says, gesturing at the space between his door and Tony’s. “Didn’t think I’d have trouble finding him.”
