"This is my daughter, Rosie," said John, ruffling Rosie's hair.  "And this is my...my boyfriend, Sherlock."
Several hours after fetching Harry from the pub, John was making lunch. Or, he was trying to. He kept being distracted by Sherlock and Harry who were having a very serious conversation by the fire in the sitting room. Every now and then, Harry would make some indignant explanation but Sherlock would calm her with some quiet words. He was getting better at this, John thought as he checked on Rosie who was propped up by the cupboards at his feet, chewing on a soft prune John had decided to try her on. According to Google, he should be starting to offer her some solid foods. Not too solid, mind you, mushy stuff or stuff she could chew on. This parenting gig was complicated and John wasn't 100% sure he was doing it right but hang the rules! Rosie was turning out alright, he figured and if something wasn't going well, he knew he could consult Mrs Hudson. John gave the pasta a final stir before hoisting the pot off the stove and taking it to the sink where he drained the water out. He plonked the pot on the bench and then fetched the chicken and cheesy sauce in its pan from the other element on the stove. He tipped the chicken into the pasta, gave it all a big stir around and stepped back, satisfied. Hell yeah, he could be domestic! He fetched three bowls from the cupboard and served lunch. Then he picked up Rosie, settled her on his hip and headed into the sitting room.
"So tell us," John said, leaning back in his chair. "How on earth did you end up sitting in a cell in Scotland Yard?"
"Well, the man who was pretending to be Moriarty has got to have some kind of history," Sherlock put his books down on the floor beside him and shoved his hands in his dressing gown pockets, swooshing the opening out in front of him with dramatic flair. "I want to know about him. I want to know why he kidnapped you, murdered a seemingly innocent pair of old people, why he was pretending to be Moriarty and what his main motives are in life. You know, what makes him tick."
John laughed a little. "She looks like Mary."
He was cold. Freezing. He felt it deep in his bones, a debilitating sensation that dragged him awake from a dream where he was drowning with Sherlock, a dream where he was trying so hard to do what he was supposed to do best. Save a life. His eyes snapped open. A hospital bed, tubes in his arms. He'd been here before. A groan ran through him, rather like the shivers of cold left over from the river. It wasn't a dream then. John could recall some of it now, diving into the bitterly cold water, grabbing Sherlock, wrestling him from the coat, swimming upwards and then...nothing. Where was Sherlock now? John tried to wriggle upwards into a sitting position but was pinned down by thick blankets, presumably there to keep him warm. He was alone, very alone. Though he was cold, he felt fine now. He fumbled with his blankets, managing to roll them off. He swung his legs out of bed and set his feet on the floor, not caring that he tugged a tube out of his flesh, making a machine beep in protest. He eased the last few out, dropping them on his bed before standing shakily. His legs wobbled and then held firm. John grabbed one of his blankets, wrapping it around his shoulders, before shuffling from his room, intent on finding Sherlock. The door creaked on its hinges and then he was standing in the empty corridor, wondering how on earth he was going to find Sherlock. A shiver ran through him and he tightened the blanket around his shoulders. His feet made soft patting sounds as he padded down the linoleum, peeking through the glass panels in the doors to each ward. Some were empty, some had patients but none had Sherlock. John rounded a corner, starting to feel oddly uneasy. He peeked through another glass panel and then he saw him. John didn't think, just shoved the door open and hurried over to the bed in which Sherlock lay, still as a stone. Instinctively, John checked the monitors and was relieved. But Sherlock looked so fragile, so small all bundled up in the white sheets. John found himself sitting on the edge of the bed and tracing Sherlock's jaw with his index finger, willing the other man to wake up.
John smiled then. Sherlock was looking at him now, his eyes glowing and face flushing properly. There was no more feeling bad. John moved forwards, cupping Sherlock's face and holding his gaze.
John was silent, suddenly thinking back to when Mary died and he'd been terrible to Sherlock. Times when he remembered that made him feel low, like he was dangerously close to scraping rock bottom. He'd been blinded by agony, blinded by the fact that Mary was dead and that it was Sherlock's fault. Sherlock hadn't deserved what he'd done to him. And...god. Now he was recalling the blows that he'd inflicted on his best friend. How his knuckles had slammed into Sherlock, drawing blood. Making bruises. John clenched his hands together, squeezing his eyes shut tightly, willing the images to leave him alone.
Sherlock blinked, water leaking from his eyes as they tried to moisten again after spending so long wide open. His face contorted for a moment, head cocking to one side. John wondered if he was rather like a computer re-booting. Sherlock would probably describe it that way. His hard drive kicking back into gear and all that.
"Yes," Sherlock groused, clearly only able to handle single word sentences at the current time.
"I meant it, Sherlock," John said firmly. "I meant every bit of it."
Still Sherlock remained silent and John gave up, releasing Sherlock's hands and standing up in anger. Something was wrong but he had no idea what and Sherlock wasn't letting on. John began pacing, recalling the conversation on the snow drenched street. Mycroft had accused Sherlock of being afraid of something and Sherlock had told him that it was because he'd tried to be him. But what was Sherlock so afraid of? What made him fall into a trance that John couldn't get him to come out of?
"What?" John gasped out, trying desperately to rein in his fear.
It was Christmas Eve and the snow had piled up around the window that overlooked the street at 221B. John had strung up fairy lights so they glowed their rainbow drops, framing the snow and looking terribly festive. Mrs Hudson had allowed them to use her little Christmas tree because she said that Rosie ought to have one. This had resulted in John attempting to decorate it while Rosie got tangled up in tinsel and fairy lights and Sherlock pretended to help but was actually just playing with the baubles, rolling them across the floor and then chasing them, pinning them down moments before they were lost under the couch. Presents had slowly been piling up under the base of the tree; Molly Hooper had dropped by with a paper bag which she emptied under the tree and hugged John and Sherlock before kissing Rosie on the head.
Sherlock blinked at him. "I'm researching!" he said, as if John ought to have known.
"John?" Sherlock spoke quietly, concerned. John knew he ought to say something but this was what he had least expected. He was just getting his life back on track! Just figuring out what Sherlock meant to him and what he meant to Sherlock and how they'd express it and now...this. It felt wrong, terribly wrong to resent this moment but John couldn't help it. He might have been a bad big brother but she hadn't exactly been a great little sister either, though he knew that didn't justify anything.
"I...asked him about love," Sherlock said and stopped, seeming no longer able to look at John, instead focussing on the wall behind John, his eyes flickering, rather like an old fire, the last flames reaching out in desperation from the coals, searching for new fuel.
"I didn't," Sherlock spoke gently. "I don't. But...you...you're different. You've always been different, John."
"You...feel...what?" John spread his hands in front of him to illustrate his confusion. Sherlock looked even more upset, even more stressed, yet John didn't know why.
John worked his jaw, fighting off the urge to tell her how she had behaved. Instead, he stepped forwards and took Harry's hand, tugging it gently towards Rosie. Rosie, eyes wide at this new human being, flung a hand out and grabbed Harry's fingers. John let go and Rosie pulled, making Harry shuffle forwards until she was very close. Rosie gurgled and held Harry's fingers tightly, looking as if she might be examining them. Then she let them go but Harry didn't take her hand away. So John, after a second of deliberating, gave her an awkward hug, trying not to squish Rosie.
"Oh, nothing," Mrs Hudson shook her head, widening her eyes in innocence. But John knew that look. He put down the spoon he was holding and hoisted Rosie further up on his hip.
“Oh do shut up,” John laughed, fetching a paintbrush and throwing it at his boyfriend who, with uncanny skill, caught it and twirled it between his fingers.
John eyed him. "Wouldn't have a clue. Honestly? Something's up but he won't tell me."
"I'll have a look," John decided, extremely spur of the moment. He needed to get out of the flat and really needed some fresh air. Greg looked almost doubtful for a moment but John climbed to his feet. Just as he was debating the ethics of taking Rosie with him in his head, Mrs Hudson poked her nose in.
"You didn't look properly," John told him in a tone his mother might have used and opened a cupboard beside him at head height, pulling out the tealeaves and handing them to Sherlock who took them and peered at the tin. He made a coughing sound in his throat and then started making tea while John, laughing a little under his breath, took Rosie and her bottle to his chair by the fire and slid the teat between Rosie's teeth. She took right away and drank happily, a look of baby bliss on her round features; eyes closed lightly and mouth turned upwards while still managing to be closed around the teat. Adorable. She was adorable, John thought, holding the bottle gently and cradling her in his arms. After a while, Sherlock swept into the sitting room and, after placing his cup of tea on the small table that sat between his chair and the fireplace, he threw himself into the chair and tossed his head back, staring at the ceiling.
John looked back to Mycroft who was still talking with Harry, no doubt sharing stories regarding sibling rivalry. He'd rarely seen Mycroft so relaxed and with that tiny smile playing on his lips. Although it was very out of character for him, John was glad, glad that he'd seemed to have stopped being so afraid of casual human interaction that didn't involve him exhibiting his extensive brain power and higher intellect. Sherlock finally relaxed, leaning back on his chair so he was at the same level as John and then he reached out his hand. John, widening his eyes, took it and they just held each other like that, quietly and discreetly but, none the less, a Sherlock initiated gesture. Christmas really was here.
"No," Sherlock said in a short, sulky tone. Moodily, he stomped to the wall where the yellow spray painted smiley face was with its bullet holes puckering the paint and wallpaper and ran his index finger over it, a grim look on his face.
"John?" her voice came out husky and low, carrying traces of a hangover. "Is that you?"
He hung up, placed his phone back on the kitchen bench and headed into the sitting room to stand in front of the fire, watching Sherlock. His feet were finally beginning to gain some feeling, stinging immensely, the heat of the fire driving away the chill caused by the snow. By now, he knew it was pointless to try and talk to Sherlock so he just watched, finding himself observing the tightness of the other man's jaw, the way his hair curled over his pale forehead and the sculpted style of his cheeks. The way his cheekbones stood out like they always had. John was pretty sure most men didn't look at other men that way but he was past caring what other men did. Other men also didn't flat share with high functioning sociopaths who solved crimes as an alternative to getting high, marry ex-assassins, father a child without its mother and get involved in all sorts of high profile criminal cases with said high functioning sociopath. John sighed. When it was put like that, his life sounded like one hell of a crazy ride. To be honest, it had been, right from the moment he met up with Mike and talked about flat shares. Actually, he thought, revise that. His life had been crazy the moment he put on his soldier's medic uniform and marched into Afghanistan.
"Got into a fight," Harry raised her eyebrows.
Sherlock eyed him closely and then he set his shoulders. "My conclusion is this: she is vulnerable, more vulnerable than before. She said things and you said things yesterday that neither of you have ever said to each other, I think. So, she's very vulnerable at the moment. This is going to make it easier for you to get through to her. John, you need to try again and you need to try again soon, before you lose the chance."
"What do you want, John?" Mycroft also sounded tired.
At this, Sherlock whipped his head up, a dark curl flopping over his left eye. He shoved it away impatiently. "Where?"
"Afraid?!" Sherlock countered furiously. He threw his hands into the air. "I don't suppose you helped much with that one!"
"Hang on Rosie," John finally reigned in his laughter. "Sherlock's busy choking."
"What were you dreaming about?" he asked, still examining the ceiling. John blinked, caught unawares.
"It's about Sherlock. What the hell did you say to him today?" John asked in an even tone which he thought was admirable, given that he'd really have liked to punch Mycroft in the face.
"Hey, Sherlock, that's enough sleeping now," John whispered, leaning down to kiss the pale cheek. "Come on. Please wake up. I'm...lonely."
“John,” Sherlock’s voice was very husky and low, caressing John and making him smile.
“Slow down, John, old chap,” Mike placed a hand on John’s shoulder and looked him dead in the eye. “Before you get drunk, tell me what’s going on.”
The word stung a little, somehow. It was Sherlock's title, not his and he wasn't here to use it. This all felt very wrong, but not just because of Sherlock's absence. Something was off. John sniffed the air. Something smelled funny. He shot Greg a look and gestured at the hallway with his head, indicating they needed to have a chat.
"Right," said John after a beat. "Fair enough."
“Yes, you do,” John sighed. “And you know why you love it?”
Sherlock was silent, still staring stubbornly at his laptop. Then he paused his typing to look up at John who was loitering by the door. "No, you're not."
"Hello Molly," he said.
"I liked it," Sherlock said in a voice like a small child.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at John, as if asking for permission. John nodded a little and Sherlock stepped aside to allow Mycroft to walk in, still trying to maintain his importance and composure. He stood beside Sherlock for a moment, clearly unaccustomed to such gatherings.
Sherlock climbed to his feet and stood grandly. "I am going to get dressed."
"Ugh, Rosie!" he blinked rapidly and Rosie giggled with delight. Shaking his head in despair, John lowered Rosie the rest of the way into the water and began washing up. She grabbed her squeezable orange rubber fish from the lip of the bath and clenched it tightly so it hissed out any air it had stored away.
"John?"
John rushed to Rosie and picked her up, swinging her around a little so she giggled. "Well done!" he praised, kissing her cheek. "Such a clever wee girl!"
"Don't worry," Sherlock told him, clearly noting his bafflement and surprise. "I'm still trying to figure it out myself."
"Yep," John nodded. "Not a lavish apology, mind you. But an apology none the less."
"You always were mummy's favourite little boy!" Harry shouted. "And what about me? Huh? You despised me! I was never good enough for you, was I, John? God, I was always second best!"
"Yes?" said John. Greg heaved a deep breath and then stuffed his hands deep into his pockets.
"How'd you know I - you know what? It doesn't matter," Greg rolled his eyes. "It's not a case."
"Who?" Sherlock looked up, expression vague.
Sherlock, confused, reached out and John lowered the puppy into his arms. For a second, Sherlock was completely silent, his face blank and eyes dark. John suddenly wondered if he'd got it all wrong. He just stood there, feeling a bit stupid as Sherlock stared at the puppy. It wriggled a little and tried to lick his bony wrist.
Mycroft was silent. Then he said, "If this is about our conversation the other day, I already said that I was sorry."
"She's grown up so much, hasn't she?" she shook her head in wonder.
Greg rushed in, staring around in shock and surprise. "They were just here!"
"Yes, well, consulting detective or not, you have zero tact."
"Robbery?" John asked, raising his eyebrows. Sherlock didn't normally take up robberies. Apparently, they were too boring, though John didn't think the victims considered them boring.
"Thank you, Toby," John said quietly and Toby nodded curtly before letting go of Harry's upper arm and heading back into the pub. Harry stood in front of John and Sherlock, eyes a little dim but mouth a slash of anger.
Without warning, Sherlock dashed over and embraced John and Rosie tightly, kissing John on the cheek as he did so.
"I know," Greg nodded. "She looked like she'd seen hell before the brawl though so we weren't really surprised she'd been involved. No one in the pub knew who she was; apparently she'd just walked in earlier that evening and got angry later on with the blokes for calling her sweetheart. So, when we were talking to her at the station, we asked for ID." Greg paused, gathering his breath. "She's from the Royal Air Force, a fighter jet pilot, a captain of a crack shot team used to sort out the targets no one else wants to hit."
Sherlock sighed deeply and put his cup down. "I know."
"I love you too."
"Yeah," John put his hands on his hips. "She's saying 'dadda', 'food' and 'an 'Arry' now, among other, slightly less coherent things."
"What the hell?" John stumbled over the words, his lips oddly numb and colliding together like drunk companions at a party. Where was his contacts list? It just said that he had no contacts. Confused, John opened his phone app instead and it didn't work. And then he realized. This guy was smarter than John gave him credit. He'd removed the sim card. The bastard. The utter wanker had removed the damn sim card. He'd given John hope and then had taken it away. Now John was furious. At least he had his phone light, though that was little comfort. He was hardly able to move his hands and he knew where he was now. They bounced over another bump and John yelped. What was he to do? Sherlock would know what to do. He'd come up with some brilliantly cunning plan to get them both out of this mess, though John doubted they'd both fit into this very confined space. He ran over his options. He could shout. But he knew no one would hear, even if they were travelling through town because the car was rumbling very loudly. Anyway, John didn't think they were in town. He couldn't hear any other traffic. Options, John told himself. What were his other options? Stay still until they arrived. Didn't sound too nice and John didn't really want to know what would happen to him next. Try and break out of the boot? John suspected the boot was locked and he knew it was made from metal. Besides, he could hardly move. Nothing. There was nothing to do but wait. Wait for a more hell. He wished he could call Sherlock. Or the police or-
"How's the wife, Greg dear?" Mrs Hudson was taking a quick break from the kitchen for a nip of wine and a breath of air that wasn't steamy and smelling of food.
"Sorry?" he said under his breath. "You've done nothing?"
"That's in the past now!" Sherlock was suddenly cheerful, baffling Mycroft even further. "Goodbye Mycroft!"
"Oh, come on," John rolled his eyes. "That's what people do, isn't it? But if it makes you uncomfortable, we can keep it quiet."
"Yeah, it looks wonderful," Greg chipped in, taking a sip of his wine. And with that, eating commenced. Rosie enjoyed herself immensely; chomping on chunks of potato, slivers of pork, slices of carrot and other tasty morsels. Once the main course had been attacked thoroughly, Mrs Hudson and Harry removed all the dishes and then came back with pudding which consisted of a large and well iced fruit cake, fruit tarts, hot custard, jelly, a large steamed pudding and ice-cream. John, feeling very full already, loosened the waistband of his trousers and helped himself to some pudding, making sure to get some for Rosie. He glanced over at Sherlock, intent on making some kind of joke or something when he realized that Sherlock was very pale, paler than normal.  John was about to ask if he was okay when Sherlock tapped his glass with his spoon, a gentle 'tink' gaining silence from the table.
"Ah, it's okay. It was never very stable anyway," Greg sounded fairly blasé but John, who noticed emotion rather like Sherlock noticed tiny details which lead to a murder conviction, knew it pained Greg more than he liked to let on. Mrs Hudson made a sympathetic sound before bustling back into the kitchen. Meanwhile, Sherlock, Rosie and Redbeard were capering about, Rosie lugging toy Smaug and chasing Redbeard who was chasing Sherlock who was wearing his coat like dragon wings and soaring around the sitting room.
"YOU SHUT UP!" screamed Harry, spitting with rage. "YOU WERE NEVER THERE WHEN I NEEDED YOU! NEVER! AND I-"
"Nope," John, leaning over to Sherlock so he could peck him on the cheek. "I swear we're not."
"You came," John gasped out.
The man trailed off delicately, rubbing his chin. John could almost hear Sherlock telling them both that he wasn't surprised that the case had Scotland Yard baffled. He could also imagine the look Sherlock would shoot at John. A 'can-you-possibly-believe-it?' look with very sarcastic intent.
Rosie began to cry, unimpressed by the lack of attention and possibly because she was hungry so John leaned down to pick her up. She stopped crying instantly and snuggled into his arms with a great yawn. Tired, then. John patted her back gently and continued pacing, trying to figure it out. But he wasn't Sherlock Holmes. He didn't have a brilliant deducing mind. He was plain old John Watson, ex-army doctor and a veteran of more than one kind of war. Once Rosie was happily sleeping, John installed her in the little nest of blankets near the fire that he'd made once he discovered she preferred sleeping in the sitting room during the day and then stood by the window, looking out over the street. Snow swirled from the gloomy sky, blanketing the world outside and creating a paper white city. Sherlock couldn't stay like that forever, he reasoned. But all the same, it worried him. That settled it. He had no other choice. It grated him though, knowing what he was about to do. He crossed the room to the kitchen bench and snatched up his phone. He scrolled through his rather short contacts list and found Mycroft's number. His thumb hovered over the call button as he considered his options. But what option did he have, really? He touched the call button and brought the phone to his ear. The ringtone played for a moment before cutting to Mycroft's answer phone which was curt, clinical and not very conversation inspiring. John wondered if he ought to leave a message. As the answerphone ran to an end, John peeked at Sherlock who was still in precisely the same position that he had been the moment John had sat him down. Yes, he'd leave a message. What choice did he have?
"Oh," Sherlock said. He eyed them both for a moment and then walked over to the bench, plucking a piece of buttered toast from the plate and taking a careless bite from it to show how much it didn't bother him. However, he botched the whole thing, inhaled crumbs and began coughing, hacking away and bending double with his eyes watering and his body convulsing. Which sent Mrs Hudson into fits of giggles again. John hurried over and patted Sherlock on the back, trying to contain his own giggling.
"I can't find it," he announced dramatically, as if the world might be ending.
Sherlock tilted his head to one side. "You got lonely. Didn't you?"
'An 'Arry' was Aunt Harry who now slept in John's old room. It hadn't been many days after the night in which John sneaked into Sherlock's bed that they'd decided they may as well bite the bullet and share a room. Besides, Sherlock reasoned, Harry couldn't sleep on the couch forever. So, much to Harry's delight (she loved the fact that John and Sherlock were an item and still yelled 'cute' at every available opportunity, sometimes joined by Mrs Hudson, much to Sherlock's irritation), John moved into Sherlock's room. They managed to bundle Rosie's cot in there too and now, sometimes, Sherlock would wake to her crying in the night and get her back to sleep. John wasn't sure he wanted to know what stories Sherlock told Rosie but they seemed to work. He was slightly concerned her next words might be 'murder' or 'crime.' But he loved sleeping with Sherlock, although Sherlock was still getting used to it. He loved falling asleep beside the tall, thin man he loved with his all his heart and he adored waking up next to him, seeing him at ease and very vulnerable. The way his face completely relaxed, mouth slightly ajar and curls framing his narrow cheeks.
"Yeah," said John. He gently rocked Rosie and she blew bubbles, gripping John's shirt sleeve. "I need to help her, to get to her."
"I don't understand," John said finally, voice unsure of itself. Sherlock drew himself from his chair like a telescope unfolding itself, long limbs flicking out and into position, and began pacing, clearly stressed and upset. His whole body was taut like a tightly coiled spring, ready to release at any moment.
"I know him, John. He wouldn't subject himself to this sort of thing unless he had something else on his mind."
"Alright," Sherlock said amicably, clearly not holding anything against John for speaking up about Mycroft. Instead, he looked relieved to be going to bed. The pair slung their arms around each other and headed to their room in comfortable silence. As they climbed into bed, John wondered if Mycroft really was up to something. But maybe, just maybe he was lonely. Even the greatest minds needed people around them.
"Mr Hall?" he risked a whisper. "Mrs Hall?"
Sherlock clasped his hands together and then looked down at them as if seeing them for the first time. He examined his fingers and John couldn't help thinking back to when he'd held them.
"I've always appreciated your lines, John," he said quietly before removing his hand. John sat very still, the ghost of Sherlock's hand still touching his bare skin, goosebumps erupting, and not because he was cold.
“Hmm? Nothing,” John shook his head and then stood up, stretching. “Any more clients today?”
"Are you sure?" John asked, passing a strand of Rosie's hair through his thumb and index finger.
"Hey, has anyone seen the---CUTE!"
Harry didn't get to sit in the client's chair right away. John insisted instead, that she took up a chair in the kitchen while he gave her a once over and checked that her bruising wasn't covering anything worse. She sat in the chair, suffering John's ministrations with good grace while Sherlock stood between the kitchen and the sitting room, watching carefully. He hadn't said much since the cell. Once Harry had stopped crying, they had managed to get her released and John and Sherlock promised to keep an eye on her. Paperwork was signed and then they left Scotland Yard to get a cab back to 221B. During the ride, no one spoke. Sherlock turned his attention to his phone, Harry closed her eyes and looked as if she were still fighting off her hangover and John watched Harry, wondering what on earth to do. Now, as John rinsed his cloth to finish dabbing at Harry's jaw, he figured he had better try for some conversation. That was what you were supposed to do, wasn't it?
"Yeah, but who is he?" Harry said. John hesitated, wondering what Sherlock was now. He was more than a friend, that much was obvious. Then, a sly smirk crossed his face and he winked at Harry.
John stood by the fire, hands in his pockets and letting the flames warm his backside while Rosie slept and Sherlock swept around the kitchen and sitting room, grabbing books, flicking through pages and tossing them aside. He seemed to be looking for something, trying to work something out. He whipped past John, dancing almost into different areas of the room with books in his hands and, at one moment, a pen tucked behind his ear. After several minutes of this, John finally had enough curiosity brewing inside him to warrant being hit with a lengthy explanation that he didn't understand.
"John?"
Rosie made a babbling sound that almost sounded like...John pulled his hands away from his eyes and stared at his daughter in disbelief.
"You're not far off," John spluttered, fighting off a fresh wave of laughter. He had glanced at Mrs Hudson who had just winked saucily at him because Sherlock had walked in and he just couldn't help himself.
"Also, I figured that I looked smarter if I was looking at lots of books,"Sherlock grinned and mock swaggered to the table in the sitting room so he could throw himself in the chair and grab his laptop from underneath a bunch of folders. He flipped open the lid and then stared at the screen for a couple of seconds.
"Honestly," Mrs Hudson continued, eyes watering uncontrollably, "You'd have to be blind to miss it."
"Damnit Sherlock Holmes!" Mycroft shouted, losing his temper. "Either you tell me what is going on or-"
John made sure he was holding the puppy gently before he headed back up the stairs. The puppy was a red setter, it's ginger fur already beginning to lengthen. John's heart beat a little faster as he walked back into the flat, the puppy obscured by his arms. He hoped, beyond all hopes, that Sherlock would be pleased. He knew just how much a dog like this had haunted Sherlock and hoped that it would be suitable, not distasteful.
After some indecision, Mr Hall stepped to one side to allow them in. John followed Greg and glanced back in time to see Mr Hall peer outside and glance about furtively before closing the door. They were ushered into a stuffy sitting room where a woman who John presumed was Mrs Hall sat in a plump armchair by the fire which was hardly going. The winter chill had seeped into every nook and cranny of the place and John shivered. This wasn't really a place in which people of their age should be, John thought. Mrs Hall was visibly quivering too, which John thought was curious. It wasn't a shiver of cold though. Both had the same condition? It was statistically unlikely and John was beginning to suspect something. Maybe his time spent with Sherlock had been rubbing off on him after all. Speaking of which, there was no reply from Sherlock yet, which was unusual. Sherlock always texted back these days.
"Come on then!" Mrs Hudson said. So they hurried to the table and John rushed back to the kitchen to help bring things out. Before long, the table was sagging under the weight of all the food and Greg was pouring some glasses of wine. Harry declined, much to John's delight. Finally, after some hasty reshuffling, everyone was seated, Rosie at John's side in her highchair.
"All right then," she conceded. "You might not kill us this time."
As they all ate, John offered Rosie bits of pasta to slobber on. She seemed to love sucking the cheesy sauce off and then spitting out the actual pasta spiral. By the end of lunch, she had a small pile of pasta spirals on her highchair table and cheese on her chin. John used her bib to mop her face and then removed her from the highchair, placing her on the floor so she could roll around and find things to play with. He cleaned up the highchair and took the dishes away. Sherlock and Harry went back to their conversing by the fire and John started washing up. Suddenly, Sherlock was shouting at him from the sitting room, hollering at him to come quickly.
The silence following Harry's story was broken only by her small sob and John's rapid exhalations. He could remember his own team in Afghanistan, the hell they went through. The bullet. He stared at her, watching each jerk of her shoulders as she tried to keep a lid on her emotions. Gritting his teeth, he tried to compare her to the girl he once knew. He couldn't. She'd seen war. She had seen death. They were more alike than he was willing to admit.
"Phew!" John exhaled loudly and sat back down, mock wiping sweat from his brow, much to Harry's amusement. Harry then announced she was making breakfast and slung on her new apron before heading into the kitchen. Sherlock put the puppy down and watched it caper around, grabbing shreds of wrapping paper and chewing on them before dropping them again.
John considered him a moment, cocking his head to one side. “You like it, don’t you?”
It wasn’t exactly a lie, he thought as the room lapsed back into silence again. He finished his lunch and coffee before flattening down his coat and striding from the staff room, feeling a bit godly. Clearly, the young nurse thought he was a bit of a hot shot and he wasn’t about to denounce that. For the rest of the day, John scurried around doing all the jobs that needed doing and not once did Mr Holmes leave his mind. There were so many questions he wanted answering, so many answers he needed. As he rumbled home on the bus, he stared, unseeing, out the window. Really, he was seeing Mr Holmes. The way his black hair contrasted with his pale face and white pillow. His parted lips. His-
"You too," Sherlock smiled, already drifting off to sleep.
"What?" John asked, amused.
"You said he's a station master?" Greg asked, turning the conversation back to the case. Sherlock nodded slowly, laying his head back on the pillow to relax.
"What's that supposed to mean?" John demanded, attempting to keep his temper in check. "Now you listen to me, Mycroft Holmes, you said something to Sherlock and he's been in some kind of trance for the entire day and I have no idea what to do. He won't talk, he won't move, he won't even blink. It's like he's lost himself in his damn mind palace with his eyes wide open and it's because you said something to him, NOW WHAT DID YOU SAY?!"
"John?"
The two men sat in comfortable silence, the late evening surrounding them and the fire cracking happily beside them. John felt at ease. He hadn't really been like this since...well...forever, it felt like. The burning thing, the terrible burning admission was out of his heart and, even better, it was requited. What more could someone ask for? He could recall the first person he'd fallen for. He'd tried to tell them via some flowers and a card at the tender age of 19 and had been laughed at and told to go find a little hole to crawl into. That's how he'd felt at the time, too. Like he wanted to crawl into a little hole and hide. There'd been his line of girlfriends who'd not ended well. Then Mary. Mary had been so different. But now...who'd have thought! Him and Sherlock. He would have never have guessed. Sherlock, he looked happy. Not just happy because of a particularly difficult case but genuinely happy. John thought back to the days leading up to Sherlock leaping off Bart's Hospital. He thought back to Molly Hooper and her words that both she and Sherlock thought he couldn't hear.
Sherlock looked very pleased indeed and brushed his shirt lapels in satisfaction. Then, with a delicate little twirl of his feet, he made his way over to the paint tins and picked one up, reading the name.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock had been 'researching' for hours, though John had since become convinced that he'd discovered the dangerous world of Tumblr and cat memes or something because surely one couldn't research one human being for that long.Besides, John didn't think that this Moriarty imposter deserved quiet giggling and frequent deep inhalations of excitement. To occupy himself, John played with Rosie while she was awake and cleaned up while she was sleeping. He washed all of Sherlock's empty test tubes (ignoring the ones in use because he really didn't want to know what sort of human materials blended with chemicals would be floating around in there), filed away his papers in alphabetical order, scrubbed the sooty bottoms of seven beakers, installed a new rubber tube on Sherlock's favourite Bunsen burner (the old one had perished and was moments away from become a gas hazard and blowing up), fished the air tight bag of index fingers from the fridge and put them into a small chilly bin by the door where he had taken to firing any parts of the human body found in eating areas and finally swept the floor. Sherlock had once teased John about his inability to cope with a messy flat. John put it down to his time in the military when they had to keep their barracks clean or face the wrath of their commanders. Sherlock put it down to having lived with a wife for a while, though John knew Mary hadn't been 100% dedicated to keeping the house immaculate. She was too busy being...well...Mary.
John nodded and then the pub door swung open to reveal Toby and Harry who was still wearing her army fatigues from yesterday, minus her jacket. John did wonder where it had gone. Harry looked livid and Toby looked as if he'd quite like to hit her.
"You did?" Sherlock dropped his hands to his lap and stared at John with all the hope in the world in his eyes and John suddenly realized. He realized who Sherlock had needed to consult Mycroft about. He suddenly knew why Sherlock had told him that it didn't matter, that it wasn't something that would be requited and why Sherlock had left him alone.
Sherlock grinned into another kiss. “I love you too. And I’m not afraid to show it, now.”
"Right," said Sherlock sarcastically. "I know you. There's an ulterior motive."
"Where's Rosie?" he asked, eyes still covered. Then he whipped his hands away and stared at Rosie with a wide grin. "There she is!"
"No," John said bluntly. "I don't know where the prick has gone."
Sherlock looked pleased with himself and then patted Harry on her shoulder. "Come on."
"I said," Sherlock said, lowering his gaze so he could make eye contact. "What were you dreaming about that caused you to rise at some ungodly hour of the morning?"
"Just..." John needed to vocalize it, breaking the moment or not. He eyed Sherlock closely, putting every ounce of sincerity and honesty into his tone.  "I want no more and no less than what you are comfortable with giving."
"I'm sorry to hear that," Mrs Hudson reached out and embraced Greg around the middle (she was rather short compared to him) and he managed to hug her back while making sure his wine didn't spill.
"Christmas is coming," John folded his arms and moved in front of the fire, enjoying the heat emanating from the flames to sink through his clothes.
"I do, Mrs Hudson, I do," John nodded, fetching his jacket from the back of the door and slinging it over his shoulders. "Thank you."
"Oh shut up," Sherlock finished his glass of water and turned to face John and Harry, leaning on the bench and trying to look like he wasn't bothered.
It was well into the night before John next had a break and he felt close to literally flipping out. He found himself leaning on the wall of a corridor he couldn’t quite remember walking into. His eyes were so, so heavy and he was sliding, utterly spent, to the floor. At that moment, all the alarms began to toll, lights flashing and the disembodied voice that belonged to the fire department instructed John to evacuate this wing immediately. Jolted awake, John leaped to his feet and joined the throng of doctors rushing to various wards to evacuate patients. It didn’t take long as there were certain doors that could close and become fireproof and certain ways of removing patients to different parts of the hospital with minimal difficulty. John then had to wait while the fire brigade arrived to put out the fire, by which time several parts of that wing had been destroyed. This meant that there had to be a shuffle around of patients and rooms had to change. John worked well into the very early morning and with each step and each movement, he felt his limbs grow heavier and heavier and his reactions get slower and slower. Some distant part of his mind told him that he shouldn’t be working like this and that he’d never be able to do any decent job at the moment, but he couldn’t very well walk out on an operation like this. Finally, just as the new day was dawning, it was done. Everyone was settled in, a young nurse was looking after the emergency room and John stood, shaking slightly, by the door that lead to the X-Ray rooms. He wasn’t quite sure what he was doing but it hit him, all of a sudden, that he could do no more. He was spent. There wasn’t an ounce of energy left in him. He sagged, using the wall as support and he registered the fact that his heart was beating much too fast.
"Your lines. The way your body fits together."
"Could you please watch over Rosie?" John felt terrible, even as he said it. He ought to take her, stop handing her to Mrs Hudson when something came up but the truth was, he didn't want Harry knowing he had a daughter. Not yet. The resentful streak in him didn't want Harry to share in the wonder of having a small human in their life. John wondered if there was something wrong with him. Mrs Hudson nodded at once.
"You know," John said, "I'm not actually sure."
"Sherlock?" John said.
“Do you really have to name them?” he’d demanded around a mouthful of blueberry muffin, curling his bottom lip. John had looked up from his laptop and grinned; they’d certainly had this conversation before!
"Nooooooo!" Sherlock dragon growled and swirled away before dropping his dressing gown to his sides and ruffling his hair. He cleared his throat, grinning.
"Don't be sorry," Sherlock said at last. "You've no reason to be sorry."
John began reaching up and out of the boot, gripping the slick metal with his trembling fingers. He lifted his head out and peered around. Trees, fences...he had no clue where he was and the man in black was obscuring most of his view. John felt like vomiting now that he was moving but he clenched his mouth shut and continued clambering out. Finally, he swung his legs out and set them on the ground, unfolding himself. The cramps that had caused him so much pain began to dissipate but the pounding of his head didn't. If anything, it got worse.
"Oh, it's..." Greg paused, jaw working, the easy smile he generally wore sliding off his face. "We've split up permanently."
"Of course, sir," the officer said, lowering his arm to allow them access. "Cell number thirteen. I'll let you in."
"Oh don't start that with me," Harry spat. "It's always about you. And you said I was selfish."
"Love," John repeated. "You're in love?"
Mike: I’ll see you there.
"I am so sorry," he said. "I...I don't know what came over me. I just...I'm sorry."
“What about him?” Sherlock continued painting, sleeves rolled up and the veins on his arms standing out which distracted John just a tiny bit.
Once they had their coats, scarves, gloves and shoes on, they left the flat and clattered down the stairs. John knocked on Mrs Hudson's door, having to wait only a moment for her to arrive. She noticed the look on his face right away.
"So. What's the case?" John asked as they wove their way through the hustle and bustle of London.
"Thanks," John said, paying the fare as he climbed out, Sherlock trailing along in his wake. They stood outside the pub, peering through the window at the people inside who were mostly blokes sitting at tables drinking beer after beer. It had a slightly hazy look about it, as if the people inside had been leaking mist from all the booze they'd been consuming. The lights were dim and the atmosphere mildly depressing at this time of day.
"Of course I came," Sherlock said gently. "I would never let you go like that."
Over the course of the early morning, John bustled around playing with Rosie (this involved making goo-goo sounds, throwing teddies in the air, laughing, blowing raspberries on her stomach and mussing up his hair for her to tug), making breakfast (French toast with bacon and banana for Rosie and oats with milk and yoghurt for John), sewing the ear back onto Rosie's favourite teddy bear that had been a gift from Lestrade, washing up, keeping the fire going and waiting for either a text from Sherlock or for him to return. It seemed his life revolved around that man. Well, and Rosie, of course.
"As ever, John, you fail to form a coherent sentence," Sherlock chastened but John knew he was only saying it lightly, jesting. "I need to check something."
"Mycroft, it's John. Call me as soon as you get this."
"I know," John shrugged. "I don't get it either."
"But you..." Sherlock trailed off, voice breaking slightly. "You're not... I'm not... I don't understand."
The following morning saw John rise early. Rosie had woken up crying so he bundled her up in his arms and took her downstairs where they sat by the fire and John quietly began reciting his favourite childhood story about a quest to reclaim a mountain from a fire breathing dragon. Rosie loved it, right up until he got to the bit where everyone might get eaten by trolls. She had a look of serious concern in her eyes and John had to reassure her that it wasn't real.It was just a story. She was smart, he thought fondly. She wasn't a proper baby anymore; she was verging on crawling and then they'd be in trouble! Rosie chewed her finger thoughtfully and John kissed her forehead.
"But I don't know how," John said. "I've screwed it up so many times over the years."
"Funny enough, it didn't come up," John shook his head at Sherlock who continued to look hurt. It wasn't like him and Harry had had in depth conversations about friends and best friends and all! Harry simply looked confused.
"Sit down," he growled, with surprising ferocity. It must have stunned Sherlock a little because the man who never did anything anyone told him to sat back down right away and stared at John in surprise, eyebrows drawn together and forehead creasing. "Now, you tell me what he said. He must have said something pretty damn serious. I've never seen you like that before. You had me worried sick, okay? So, tell me what he said!"
"Oh my god," John still couldn't quite believe it. "Oh. My. God."
"It's just...I'm, well, not...I don't know," Sherlock stuttered. He cleared his throat. "So um, how do you know this Toby fellow so well?"
John eased the door to the cancer ward open and slipped through, suddenly wanting to keep his footsteps quiet. He wasn’t quite sure why; perhaps he was loath to disturb the strange quiet that infected this part of the hospital. The quiet movement of the dying. The first ward he entered contained three young kids, all with various forms of leukemia, all part of the slowly rotating cast of the ill. They were all in good spirits, which pleased John, their vitals checked out and one of the girls offered him a chocolate that had been left by an aunt during a morning visit. Sucking the peppermint chocolate, he fished a loose coin from his pocket and performed a quick sleight of hand to the delight of the kids. He was fairly rubbish at magic tricks, but this was one that he could complete swiftly to entertain young children. He waved happily to them and left the ward, heading over to the ward across the corridor. This one was home to a single man, somewhere in his sixties with a lavishly decorated bedside table. He was sleeping when John checked his vitals, so John was glad that they all checked out. There was no need to press buttons and make loud sounds. He slipped out without disturbing the snoozing. John visited seven more wards, each with varying moods but all with positive vitals.
"Moriarty's brother," Greg grinned, pleased with himself. John found himself more confused than ever. And then-
"I thought so," Mrs Hudson said, clearly pleased with herself. With that, she turned to leave. John hastened after her.
"I'm sorry," he said after a few more moments of feeling bad. "What's going on?"
"That we're...a thing!" Sherlock finally managed to say, the words flying from his lips.
"John," Sherlock said quietly but didn't know what to say after that. John squeezed his eyes shut tightly, perhaps hoping it might stop the tears. But nothing did. They kept falling and John had never felt like more of a failure. He had never felt like a more terrible human being and a failure as a brother. John Watson was broken and Sherlock didn't know how to put him back together. At least Mary had given him tools, ways to help John. But she wasn't there this time. Not this time. And Sherlock was helpless. All he could do was hold John, hold him tight. And there they stayed, Sherlock kneeling on the floor with his coat splayed out behind him, holding John to his chest and pleading in silence that John would be okay.
"Better," Sherlock confirmed, voice still higher than normal. "What on earth were you two laughing about?"
Sherlock stopped pacing and stared, wide eyed. "Did she just...?"
“Mean what?” John asked.
It was many hours before the sun began to rise and John was incredibly tired, yet his mind refused to let him sleep. He tried to see the positive side; at least he wasn't having nightmares about Sherlock's death. A small reprieve, a tiny island in the middle of a never ending ocean. He crawled out of bed, eyes drooping and feeling like he'd been put through a mincer. He checked on Rosie who was, mercifully, still sleeping before stumbling downstairs to the kitchen. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, and right at that moment, John was glad. He didn't like that he was glad but the fact remained, he didn't think he would be able to maintain a friendly and caring persona whilst feeling as crappy as he did.
"Sherlock," he whispered, his voice hoarse and dusty. Sherlock didn't move, still sleeping. "I love you."
"I'm here to see Harry Watson," John spoke without a tremor in his tone, even in his shocked state still managing to sound as though he was pulling rank. "Detective Inspector Lestrade said that it wouldn't be a problem?"
John: …
"Don't worry, I'll rescue you!" he shouted and, still laughing, began to chase Sherlock around the sitting room. Rosie was in fits of laughter and Sherlock, who was enjoying himself immensely, bundled Rosie up into his dressing gown wings and stopping running.
"No," Sherlock countered, stopping right in front of the window so he was illuminated by the lights in front of the glass, his back to John. "I spent the entire day in a trance, as you so poetically put it, because I realized who I was in love with."
"Researching what, exactly?" John ignored the jibe, preferring to take a step away from the fire; his ass was getting a bit hot.
John hoisted Rosie to his shoulder and, patting her back gently, carried her back downstairs and into the kitchen where Sherlock was trying (and failing) to find the tea leaves.
Distress was written all over the other man's face and John knelt on the edge of the bed, wondering if he really ought to listen to his inner desires. He wasn't sure what Sherlock would think but he just couldn't help himself. He didn't want to leave Sherlock to fight off his dreams on his own. John sucked in some air and then hoisted his whole body onto Sherlock's bed before sliding into the crisp sheets. Sherlock rolled over and grabbed at the pillow John was about to put his head on. John covered Sherlock's hand with his own and held it. Suddenly, Sherlock relaxed and muttered something about swearing to keep someone safe. Then he became tense again, twisting and turning away from John so that John had a prime view of his back which was thinly muscled and very pale. Sherlock's body thrashed and John instinctively wound his arms around Sherlock, pulling him close so that he just held him, making sure he didn't throw himself around too much, didn't hurt himself somehow. And Sherlock fully relaxed this time, breaths evening out so he sounded deeply asleep. John, satisfied, closed his eyes and rested his head on Sherlock's back. He was passed out in seconds.
"Merry Christmas, John," Harry replied, making her way to the couch. John opened his mouth and then closed it while Sherlock couldn't quite contain a grin. Shaking his head in exasperation, John announced they should probably have breakfast before they opened Christmas presents. The grin slid off Sherlock's face like hot butter in a pan and for one wild second, John thought he might throw a tantrum.
"Thanks Toby," John said and Toby left, taking with him the smell of old beer and spilled spirits. Meanwhile, Sherlock was looking mildly distressed, wringing his hands and staring at John with wide eyes which served to accentuate his cheekbones.
"I'm a consulting detective," Sherlock said, as if that explained everything.
"Two months after I left Clara," she said. Suddenly, at the mention of Clara, Sherlock was very much interested in the conversation.
"She really is lovely, isn't she?" he asked.
"Don't you dare," John was breathing hard now, fists clenching. But Harry was angry too, wearing the same face John wore. The Watson face of fury.
"Babies," he sniffed and wiped his finger on his dressing gown. "Apparently, people love them."
“Oi, Watson!”
John scrolled through the story, reading slowly and carefully because he knew Sherlock preferred him to read concisely, rather than hastily stumbling over the words. Rosie was listening too and inserted the occasional 'dadda', much to John's sad pleasure. Sherlock stayed sleeping and, in fact, only woke up when John had his attention on someone else for the first time in days. He had been halfway through reading "The Geek Interpreter" when the door to the ward had crashed open, Greg Lestrade flying in, a flurry of coats and scarves.
"I've never felt this before, never! Not even with the Woman. It's not the same! I don't understand. I don't understand and I hate not understanding! I went to Mycroft, hoping he might understand but he told me I was afraid. Afraid of it! Maybe I am. Maybe I'm not. But I am capable, yes, I am. And John," Sherlock whirled around to face John who was sitting in his chair, baffled. "John, I feel!"
"Since when do you voluntarily do Christmas's?" Sherlock demanded, not letting Mycroft walk in.
"John, we'll deal with this, okay?" Greg sat awkwardly, twisting his fingers together and clearly hating that he'd had to tell John the news. He knew about Harry's problems and knew how much it hurt John.
Sherlock looked completely and utterly perplexed.
John and Harry had never got on, even before the drinking started. They just didn't see eye to eye and that was that. Then, when Harry had taken to drowning her sorrows in a bottle, John couldn't bear to look at her. Around a month before John had met Sherlock, they'd sat down and had a big talk about trying to get Harry clean. However, the terms in which they had departed hadn't been pretty. John could recall the fight well; it was etched forever in his mind for what he'd said to her, telling her she would never be any Watson worth their salt because she didn't care about anyone but herself. He'd told her that she didn't deserve the time people gave her. That was a moment that John Watson was not proud of. How could he be? He had turned his sister away instead of helping her. Since then, they'd exchanged very brief conversation over the phone which never ended well and John hadn't known where she was. The guilt that had consumed him for so long had been tamped down by being with Sherlock but now it rose up like bile in his throat. Harry was in London, sitting in a police cell in Scotland Yard. John could hardly believe, thought it might have been some cruel joke until Greg handed over her ID. Her face, hard to pick out in the tiny thumbnail photograph was different, so much different than when he had last seen her many years ago. And her credentials had changed from 'zero-chance-of-reforming-alcoholic' to Captain Harry Watson of the Royal Air Force, leading a crew of crack shot fighter jet pilots. John didn't know much more because he was still sitting in his chair at 221B, staring at Harry's ID card.
"Who're you?" she asked. Mycroft cocked his head to one side, as if wondering the same thing of her. Then he explained that he was the older and much cleverer Holmes brother and, in return, Harry told him that she was the younger and much cleverer Watson sibling, much to John's amusement. They hit it off right away, strangely enough and before long, the table was back to its previous light hearted antics. John leaned back in his chair and observed, rather satisfied and pleased with how Christmas had panned out. He had almost been expecting something to go terribly wrong and ruin Christmas. In fact, he couldn't recall a single one since he was a child that had gone smoothly. He glanced sideways at Sherlock who wasn't completely at ease, watching Mycroft. John leaned over to him and lowered his voice.
"Well, it's odd," Greg began, his tone sobering. "That's why I thought Sherlock might be interested. It's not murder. It's some really odd robbery."
"Ooooh," John pretended to sounded terrified. "Oh dear! Whatever shall we do, Sherlock?"
"Good," the man said. "Now, climb out of the boot."
"Excuse me?" Harry peered past John so she could get a better look at Sherlock. "I'm sorry but I don't exactly know who you are."
“People like the names. I’ve told you that,” he’d said, rolling his eyes good naturedly.
"Modern Day Criminals – Who They Are and Why They Do It," John read out loud. He squinted at the cover, frowned and then looked back up at Sherlock."Seriously? You do realize this is most probably garbage? And why on earth aren't you looking for information on the internet?"
If you love someone, set them free. If they never come back, they were never yours. If they return, they were always yours.
“No,” John shook his head. “It’s the idea that somewhere out there is a mastermind that you can one day thwart.”
“Someone has to keep the criminal classes active!” Sherlock slapped his paintbrush on the wall, creating a splatter effect. “I’ll put more bullet holes in the wall otherwise.”
"Say that again," he whispered, eyes wide. Rosie babbled some more and then it happened again. It sounded awfully like 'dadda'. John moved to the cot and hoisted her out while she continued to babble, clearly pleased with herself. She'd been trading the gurgling for babbling for a while now, John realized, though he hadn't noticed at the time. First crawling and now...
"No, nothing of any great importance what so ever," Sherlock said. "Good day!"
John shrugged. "I dunno. Thought you might have something interesting to tell me."
"Can we help you?" Mrs Hall asked, her voice as unstable as her body.
"You held me," Sherlock spoke in a halting, sort of dreamy tone. "Last night. And then I slept better than I've ever slept in my life."
"It will never come to anything so it does not matter," he said in a husky, cracked sort of way.
"You heard me, Doctor Watson," Mycroft said quietly and hung up. After staring at the screen (call disconnected) for a second, John hurled his phone across the room where it slammed into the fridge and fell to the floor with a crash, cracking the screen and popping the back off, revealing the battery.
"Harry," Sherlock spoke up, voice quiet and gentle. "I know what's it's like to be addicted to something, okay? And before you say you're not, I know what the symptoms look like. I can help you fight this. So, let me."
"I'm happy for you," Molly nodded rapidly and took another gulp of wine. John thought it wise not to say anymore to her and instead turned his attention to Rosie who was dipping her fingers in her bowl of custard and then sucking on them, mouth turning upwards with glee each time. She had pudding all over her face and bib and John could do nothing but sigh in good humour. Meanwhile, Greg was now peppering Sherlock with questions, asking how on earth him and John had ended up hooking up. Sherlock was avoiding most of them and John could see he was dangerously close to retreating to his facade of pretending not to care. Hastily, John gave Greg a swift rundown of a simplified version of the events that had occurred after he'd been discharged from the hospital. When he was done, Greg simply stared at him, wonder on his face. Finally, he opened his mouth to speak, a slow and smug grin sliding onto his face.
Greg glanced between them and John could tell that he was trying to figure out their dynamic which had obviously changed since he'd last been in the flat. But he didn't ask, preferring to climb out of his chair and nod once at the boys.
Sherlock stopped painting and frowned at John, eyes running over him fondly.  “Come again?”
It wasn't difficult to get clearance to the cells; Greg had told the on duty officer to be expecting them so they simply got waved down the stairs. There was no backing out now. John lead the way, breathing deeply so he could stay calm and reasonable. Whatever state Harry was in, he needed to keep an open mind and take care of her in the ways he hadn't done in so long. When she first found the bottle, he'd tried to help her, spent hours with her, threw away all the booze in the house and swore to help her. But he soon realized that she didn't want his help and that's how the real fighting started. Not just siblings having a spat but real, grown up fighting. The fighting that had torn the Watson's apart.
John shook his head. “Nothing, I just need to get drunk. Mike, get me drunk.”
"Because of her name," Greg was looking right at John now and didn't look happy to pass on this information. "Harry Watson."
He bunched his fingers into his dressing gown and then pulled it away from his body, as if it were clinging to him, constricting him. John could see the sheer frustration boiling inside of him, the boredom and the irritation of being domestic.
“Who?”
"Police," John gasped out in desperation. "I need the police. I need Scotland Yard."
"John," Sherlock said eventually, voice careful.
"Pardon?" John said. He hauled himself into a sitting position and brought his knees up to his chest, still looking at Sherlock, wondering if he should dare to hope.
"John," Sherlock whispered.
"Mrs Hudson," John said in mild alarm. Mrs Hudson didn't cry all that much, and when she did, it meant something was wrong. So, he asked a question which could pretty much ask itself in this situation. "What's wrong?"
“Two things,” Lestrade said without mincing any words. “One, how are you feeling? And two, what took so long in the cancer ward?”
His feet creaked too loudly on the floorboards and he glanced down, willing them to be silent. As he did, he stopped in alarm. There was a blood splatter on the floor. John knelt down and gently touched the blood with his index finger. It was dry but only a couple of days old. It was clear where the main drop had hit the floor and then splattered outwards, created smaller flicks around it in a circle. He stood again and looked over his shoulder.
"Mycroft, come to terms with something he doesn't want to?" Sherlock replied, shooting John an incredulous look. "Not likely."
"No, no, NO!" John's voice rose into a shout. "DON'T YOU DARE!"
John could hardly believe his ears. That was it? In a very furious and low tone with his teeth almost gritted, he snarled, "Tell him what?"
John: You free tonight?
“You like that he’s out there. That there’s a threat on your life. You get off on it,” John tilted his head back to look at the ceiling in mild frustration, wondering why the hell he had to go and fall in love with someone who insisted on risking their life to stave off boredom.
“Thank you for teaching me that love isn’t something to be afraid of. Thank you for giving me a world I could never have imagined. Thank you for saving me.”
John didn't even bother asking how Sherlock knew he had woken because of his dreams. There were many things he didn't bother asking nowadays; he knew Sherlock would tell him anyway. He considered the question. It was stupid, the dream. There was no reason why he would still be having nightmares about the time Sherlock appeared to have committed suicide. "You taking a swan dive off the roof of Bart's."
"The station master," came Sherlock's sleepy tone from the bed. John jerked his head around in time to see Sherlock raising his head from the pillow, face creased and eyes slightly dulled from sleep and morphine.
"You, uh, you weren't sleeping well," John tried to explain his train of thought from last night. "And I wasn't sleeping either. And I just...you know what? I'm sorry. I shouldn't have. I didn't think."
"Did you mean what you said in the hospital?"
"Well, as it turns out, someone hired that imposter guy to take Sherlock out," Greg began, falling into his story telling voice. "They paid the guy a lot of money, somewhere in the hundred thousands."
"Bed?" he asked hopefully.
"Damn, damn, damn!" John wheezed, frantic with panic now. He whipped around, feet skidding in the blood and-
John hoisted his bag a little higher on his shoulder as he walked through the doors to the hospital. Sally, the main receptionist, waved a little at him and he smiled briefly. Although Sally was prickly at the best of times, they both kept up appearances for the benefit of everyone else. He suspected she was sour about never quite making it into her desired profession of a nurse. After stowing his bag in one of the lockers in the staff room, he slung his doctor's coat over his shoulders and checked the register which hung from a warped nail driven into the chipped plaster. Someone needed to head down to the cancer ward sometime before lunch to do the usual check-up shift. Make sure the patients were still alive and well. He figured that now was a perfectly good time. So, he bundled up all the clip-boards pertaining to the patients and tucked them under his arms.
"I get it," John said, patting Greg's shoulder comfortingly.
"Because this time," John inclined his head towards Sherlock. "We've got Sherlock Holmes."
“I’m still trying to figure out how,” Sherlock had shaken his head and John had simply laughed. Now, John tapped the tips of his fingers together, still staring at Sherlock who was staring back, squinting a little.
Harry and Sherlock rose from the chairs by the fire and moved to the table where John had managed to get the bowls without spilling anything. He handed out cutlery and then slid Rosie into her highchair beside him.
"I'm supposed to be dead," the man said. He sounded a little disappointed. "Don't you remember me? Did you miss me?"
"John," Sherlock crouched beside him. "John, it's okay."
"You spent the entire day in a trance because you realized you were in love?" John was beginning to get angry again. He almost couldn't believe what he was hearing.
Much to John's disappointment, it wasn't Sherlock calling. He slid the glass he was drying away in the cupboard and slung the tea towel over his shoulder, cringing slightly as the damp material soaked a dark patch into the back of his shirt. Mrs Hudson poked her nose into the kitchen, her well-meaning face creased with worry. She looked as if she had been crying.
Sherlock had disdain written all over his face. "I don't need checking up on."
"Okay," John breathed deeply, calming himself. "Okay."
There was a great sigh from Sherlock that John knew all too well. It was the sigh of 'my-god-you-are-not-smart' and 'I'm-going-to-have-to-explain-it-all'. John was used to it though; he'd been living with it for many years now and learned not to let it get to him. Besides, it was cute. The way Sherlock got so childishly excited about this sort of thing was utterly adorable. He'd get the grin shortly, the impish grin that make his cheekbones stand out that little bit more and John would melt.
“Oh, for god sake!” John muttered, drawing the attention of an elderly woman across the aisle. How on earth was he so incredibly infatuated by someone he’d not even properly met? This was getting out of hand. John needed something to distract him, something very distracting indeed. The bus pulled to a halt at his usual bus stop, but instead of getting off, John remained in his seat, determined to rid his mind of Mr Holmes. He pulled his phone from his pocket and clumsily texted his old friend, Mike Stamford.
"Sherlock?" John asked in a low voice. "Sherlock, what's wrong?"
"Are you done staring at your phone yet?" Sherlock queried, breaking John from his reverie. John started, hastily placing the phone back on the arm of his chair. "Waiting for a text?"
"Merry Christmas, Mrs Hudson," John replied. Then he grinned. "Where is he?"
Rosie. She was a bundle of joy. God, what about Rosie? He couldn't possibly die here, he had a daughter waiting for him. The thought of Rosie fuelled him, sent fire through his bones.
Then he tucked his phone into his pocket and turned to face the door which was now open and an old man stood there, looking slightly confused at the police presence. Greg was trying to explain that he'd been here earlier and was inquiring about the missing items. John noticed right away that the man had some muscular disease or irregularity; his hands were shaking and he looked unsteady on his feet. Concerned that the man might topple over, John leaned closer to Greg and whispered, "He needs to sit down."
"Oh," Harry nodded slowly. "I see. You want to know...right."
Harry looked up from her lap and laughed a little. "Yeah? And what's your grand plan, big brother? Piss off to the army again so you don't have to deal with your embarrassing little sister? Send me to my room?"
“But really,” Sherlock had scoffed. “The Stationmaster’s Revenge?”
"Oh, this is my daughter, Rosie," John said carelessly. "Rosie, meet Aunt Harry."
"You what?" John frowned, confused. "You asked him about...love? Why?"
"Good night, John," he said softly, tenderly.
Rosie blew a few bubbles and then started babbling again, grinning all the while. Then she pulled John's hair. "Dadda!"
"Yes John?" Sherlock said, running his hands through his hair to ruffle it up, as if knowing how much John appreciated that move.
Several days had passed since the Christmas dinner and it saw John, Sherlock and Rosie taking a walk down by the river, John pushing Rosie along in a stroller that he'd found in an op-shop. Harry was back at the flat doing something foody with Mrs Hudson and Sherlock had said that he'd wanted some fresh air. Not one to argue when Sherlock wanted some quality time outdoors that didn't involve chasing killers, John agreed. Now, they strolled down the riverbank, the wheels of Rosie's stroller sliding a little in the snow and John gripping the handle tightly, knuckles white. Sherlock was pointing out various locations across the river, mostly to Rosie but also for John's entertainment.
"...always been afraid, Sherlock!" Mycroft was saying in his condescending tone which really got Sherlock riled up. It always did. Mycroft was standing quite still, his umbrella tip on the ground and his hands clasped over each other on the curved handle.
Harry Watson
It would be several days before Sherlock would wake up. In those several days, John was discharged from hospital and picked up Rosie from Mrs Hudson who was worried sick. He ended up sleeping in the chair by Sherlock's bed with Rosie bundled in his arms rather than going home because he didn't think he could handle sleeping alone. During the day, Rosie would play on the floor among blankets Mrs Hudson had brought around and John took to reading some of his first blog stories out loud to Sherlock.
"Tell you what?" John was baffled for a second. More than a second, truth be told. Mrs Hudson sighed deeply and in an exasperated tone, rather like a mother would.
"Not a very good big brother?" Harry stood up, her face disbelieving. "Don't you remember the last time we had a proper conversation?"
"Mmm?" Sherlock seemed distracted, turning his hands over to stare at the palms, one index finger tracing the creases in his pale skin.
"Well, have you found out anything more about that Moriarty imposter guy?" John asked.
"She's mine now," he hissed, grinning at John.
"I liked it," Sherlock repeated, flopping down from his propped up position on his elbow so he lay flat on his back among the sheets and blankets.
“You’re not afraid?” John asked quietly, shifting his hands so they were spread across Sherlock’s back.
He stood up and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. John patted him once more on his back and then looked at Mrs Hudson who'd managed to control her laughing. She waved at them both and then walked away. The moment she thought she was out of earshot, she gave a little squeal and John could hear her saying something about always knowing and being right. He grinned a little.
"Yeah, the couple aren't the most 'there' pair of people we've ever dealt with. If you ask me, they really ought to be in a rest home or something. They said that the items were small, made of wood and a gift from 'someone special'. They couldn't afford to lose them, apparently," Greg explained. John's curiosity was piqued. He knew Sherlock would be interested now, asking lots of questions that John wouldn't think to ask in a million years. He figured he'd just have to poke around, check things out and maybe, the years of spending time with Sherlock Holmes would serve him well, though he doubted it. He always failed to notice the things Sherlock saw right through.
Mycroft didn't move. John finished making Rosie's bottle. Sherlock flicked his hand towards the door, indicating that his brother ought to leave.
"It's not okay," John groaned.
"And?" John raised his eyebrows. "Who's that?"
“Er, Mr Holmes from 221,” John answered. Thankfully, Lestrade seemed satisfied and clapped John on the shoulder before leaving, silence echoing in his wake. Molly Hooper had put her book down and stopped awkwardly slurping noodles to stare at John, mouth open in a manner that would make a goldfish proud. The young man nurse was holding his soup with both hands, not seeming to notice that it was burning hot. Finally, he broke the silence.
Two nights ago, there had been a nasty accident involving a double decker bus, three cars and fourteen pedestrians in Times Square, thus filling up the emergency room swiftly and requiring the services of any and every free doctor or nurse. Mending all the broken bones, lacerated flesh and the likes had taken until the early hours of the morning by which time everyone involved was running on black coffee and jelly beans.
"My what?" he said, voice a little hoarse. Sherlock chuckled a little.
"Never!" John said and leaped at Sherlock, grabbing Rosie's soft form under the dressing gown. Sherlock allowed his wings to unfurl and John to take Rosie. "Aha! I've got you!"
"Missing items? I don't know what you're talking about. Howard?"
"Shopping?" John called after him, frowning heavily but Sherlock was gone. This was even more out of character. Hell, the last time Sherlock had willingly gone shopping was when he'd bought the wedding ring for Janine which had never needed using anyway. John had managed to drag him into the shopping central of London once to buy some socks but he'd complained the whole time hence why John had made the decision to shop alone. So, when Sherlock dashed out to do some shopping without prior planning and much complaining, John was very suspicious indeed.
"Merry Christmas," he said shortly and turned to leave.
"Merry Christmas Sherlock," Molly said quietly. John watched them closely, gauging how Molly acted. She still loved Sherlock but she didn't show it, didn't try and present it to anyone. And John appreciated that so much. He knew how much it pained her and he was so grateful that she understood. Suddenly, the kitchen doors slid open and Mrs Hudson and Harry swarmed out, carrying dishes laden with food, plates balanced in ways that John didn't think was actually possible and bowls defying gravity as they wobbled over to the table.
"Of course not," Sherlock shrugged, lost. "But it sounded good."
She moved to stand by Greg and they struck up a conversation, probably about work. Over by the Christmas tree, Sherlock and Rosie had finished dashing about and Redbeard had curled up by the fire, quite worn out. Sherlock settled Rosie onto his hip and walked over to the fire where John, Molly and Greg stood.
"Let's go," he said and the trio left the flat to clatter down the stairs. Mrs Hudson poked her nose out from her flat.
But Sherlock didn't waken. His eyes stayed closed, lips slightly parted and chest gently rising and falling. And though John knew he'd pull through, he still felt as though he was stranded out on a tiny rock in the middle of the ocean, waves crashing around him, terribly lonely. He needed Sherlock more than ever. He'd always needed him but now...now he needed him as if Sherlock was his life support.
"Do you require police, ambulance or fire brigade?" the operator asked in a cool tone.
“What about Moriarty’s brother, then?” he asked.
Once he’d managed to fix the tank, he sneaked off to the staff room and managed to eat some pasta and then slumped at the table, passing out instantly. However, he was only asleep for around ten minutes because someone was tapping him on the shoulder and demanding that he get down to the emergency room to do his usual shift. So, groaning and rubbing his chin, John dragged his feet down to the emergency room and spent the next several hours working his shift of seeing to everyone who came in via the ER doors.
"Pardon?" he said. Rosie had fallen asleep all of a sudden, as babies are want to do, so he eased the bottle from her mouth, placed it on the floor beside him and cuddled her closer to his chest as she snuffled a little.
"John, I love you," Sherlock spoke in low, hushed tones. "To the ends of the earth and back again."
"You couldn't resist, could you?" John shook his head at Sherlock who was grinning proudly. Rosie took to it at once, Sherlock telling her it was Smaug, the greatest character to ever come out of literature. She tucked it under her arm and cuddled it happily. After Harry had opened her final gift (an apron reading "Kiss the Cook" from Mrs Hudson), John climbed to his feet. Sherlock hadn't got anything from him yet and was clearly trying to hide his disappointment, biting his bottom lip and not quite making eye contact.
He flounced out of the room, leaving John and Rosie to giggle together at Sherlock's dramatic behavior. He really could be quite ridiculous sometimes. Okay, a lot of the time. John shook his head in mock exasperation as he got up and carted Rosie to their bedroom where he dressed her in some warm and cute clothes that he had spent hours deliberating on one day at the baby clothes shop. Then he dressed himself in proper clothes as opposed to his 'bumming-around-the-flat' clothes. Once he was dressed, he fetched the baby sling that meant Rosie snuggled into his chest and took it and Rosie downstairs to the sitting room where Sherlock was waiting, dressed in the usual Sherlock manner. He was just fastening his scarf around his neck. John slid Rosie into the baby sling and remarked to Sherlock that she was getting a bit big for it. Then he attached it to himself, jiggled it a bit so it sat comfortably and slung his scarf around his neck.
But John was sure of himself. "Did you see the way Mr Hall looked at his wife? He was waiting for something. And she definitely knows something."
"Sherlock!" he shouted, scanning the water. Without a second thought, he dived in, the biting chill of the water sinking into his bones instantly, numbing him. But he hardly felt it, too busy searching for Sherlock. He flailed about in the water, panic consuming him and blinding him. It wasn't until he was pretty much touching Sherlock that he realized they were next to each other. Sherlock looked eerie, passed out and coat billowing around him, dark curls suspended in the water. His pale skin was even paler in the icy water and he was sinking fast, arms spread and legs pointing to the bottom of the river, his back arched so his face pointed to the surface. John kicked, reaching out to grab him. His lungs were screaming but he refused to give in, grabbing Sherlock's arm and hauling him close before kicking upwards. But Sherlock was too heavy, weighted down by the coat, and they began to sink together. Gritting his teeth, John fumbled for the opening in the coat, intent on getting it off. But his lungs felt as if they were about to collapse in on themselves and John had to go up for air. He let go of Sherlock. Suddenly he was kicking to the surface and when his head broke the water and he felt fresh air on his face, he gasped in air, burning his lungs. He gulped deeply and then dived into the water again. He faced downwards and swam hard, searching. Where was Sherlock? He ought to have been there! He was just below John! John kicked harder, the pressure of the water bearing down on him. And there he was, still sinking, nearly at the bottom of the river now. John reached down and grabbed Sherlock's arm. He began struggling with the coat, trying to get it off. But the water had saturated it, stuck it to him. Cursing in his head, John frantically tore at it. His fingers were completely numb now and refused to work, instead slipping and clunking together. Lungs burning again, John moved to Sherlock's face and tapped it, the water slowing his movements. Sherlock didn't wake and John, fear fueling him, made another attempt at getting the heavy coat off. Finally, his arms were free from the sleeves and John managed to rip the coat away. Suddenly lighter, Sherlock rose a little and John wound his arms around Sherlock's slim waist, kicking up. His lungs were empty, no oxygen left and even as they rose, his vision blurred, darkness swirling in front of him. But he was nearly there. So close now. He gripped Sherlock tighter and kicked. His movements were slow, sluggish and he felt as though they were sinking rather than rising. He ground his teeth and with limbs on fire, he kept trying to swim. And suddenly his head broke the surface and he gasped for air, half passed out, head lolling to the side. He yanked Sherlock out of the water and began hauling them both to the side of the river. People swarmed the bank, reaching out to help John. A hand closed around his and pulled. Another grabbed Sherlock and then they were laying on the snow by the river, John heaving in deep breaths, shuddering and shaking. Sherlock. Where was he? John rolled over and coughed, suddenly vomiting up river water, burning his throat. He wiped his mouth and crawled over the snow, ignoring the people telling him to lie down and found Sherlock, crumpled in the snow with people trying to wake him up. John, body tingling, reached over and touched Sherlock's face. It was icy cold. Pulse. Where was his pulse? John tried to feel for it but it was no good. His fingers refused to work and his vision was spiraling again. He just wanted to lay down and...sleep...forever. He opened his mouth a little, wanting to say something about how to treat hypothermia but instead just mumbling, "Sherlock."
"Heard what?" John asked, baffled.
John peeled his eyes open with a groan. This act felt like trying to pry apart two sheets of paper stuck together with water; darn near impossible without ripping something. It was pitch black but he wasn't in bed, waking from a nightmare at 5:30am. He was bundled up, terrible cramps consuming his legs and great pain in his temple. Moriarty was back. He had been here! No, wait. John frowned, trying to sort out his recollection of what had happened before the world had vanished. It wasn't Moriarty. It was someone pretending to be Moriarty. But why? And Mr and Mrs Hall were dead. And...where was Greg? It was all too much. John moaned in pain. His temple really hurt and the cramps in his body were horrifically painful. He tried to stretch out but his feet hit something solid. His head was also pressed against something. John reached a hand up but it didn't go very far, touching slick, smooth metal. Something was running down his arm and it took John a moment to realise that it was his own blood. That's right. His hands had been sliced by the massive knife that the Moriarty imposter had been waving around. Wondering where the hell he was, John blinked several times, hoping some light might become clear so he could see. But everything remained stubbornly dark. John's mouth was dry and he licked his lips. They tasted metallic, of blood, and John couldn't help but wonder why. Where the HELL was he?!
"Of course I can, dearie," she told him. "When will you be back?"
"Damn," said John, striding back to his chair and plucking the phone up, turning it over in his hand which still wore a thin strip of bandage to cover the worst of the cuts received from the knife that the Moriarty imposter had wielded like a crazed nutcase. The phone was in terrible condition, having gone through multiple hell's, the last one being a collision with the fridge. It was probably time he got a new one, though he was rather attached to it. He ran his index finger over the engraved words on the back.
"When I left Clara, things weren't going so well, you know? I hit the booze a lot and, yeah, kinda lost my grip on reality for a while. Then some joker in a pub was talking about the air force and I thought, you know, why not go there, dry out and actually do something with my pathetic and miserable life.  And everything was going well. It was going good. I dried out, got promoted, flew in a team. Everything was going so well. I was a bloody captain! And then it all turned to hell."
He used to go there when he was a little boy, and he dreamed of the ocean silently lapping the shore while gulls swooped above him. He saw his own feet leaving footprints in the pebbly sand while his arms were stretched out like wings, helping him glide through the muggy summer air. And then, as he suddenly tripped over a rock that jutted from the shore like a miniature mountain, John awoke with a start.
For a moment, Sherlock was quiet. Then a small smile creased his face. "Yes, John. I do."
"It's about the truck and the Moriarty imposter," Greg said, instantly piquing John's curiosity.
"I need to tell you something."
The young woman leaped up from the chair and after shooting both men a tragic look along with some mumbled words about love and misunderstanding, scurried from the flat in a flood of tears. Sherlock leaned back in his chair, cutting John a glance. John shook his head in mild exasperation. Despite everything, matters of the heart still didn’t belong in the client’s chair, according to Sherlock. According to John, they belonged in bed. John laid his notebook and pen aside, eyeing Sherlock. A month had passed since Sherlock had been discharged from the hospital and John had written up a condensed version of the case for his blog. It had already got over ten thousand hits in the last couple of days, making John feel very smug indeed. He’d called it “The Stationmaster’s Revenge”, much to Sherlock’s disgust.
"Done," he announced. "You look like you again."
"Well, she asked me what was going between us and I said it wasn't physical and then...it sort of dissolved into hysterics," John explained. Sherlock took a moment before making a sound of understanding. Then he looked John dead in the eyes and...winked saucily. John didn't even know that Sherlock had the capacity or the know-how to wink saucily which made the whole thing even funnier and they ended up leaning on each other, hunched over laughing, Sherlock's baritone rolling chuckle melting into John's considerably higher and more jerky giggle. Rosie started gurgling with them and they stayed like that for quite some time, unable to function like normal human beings anymore. It was like they'd inhaled helium or something.
"So," he said finally. "What was that all about?"
John didn't know what to say. His mouth opened and closed several times and he swallowed hard. It wasn't making sense. Why would Sherlock consult Mycroft about love? And, anyway, why was love bothering him now? He'd always stated he was divorced from emotions, married to only his work. The closest he'd ever come to loving someone was when he met Irene Adler and John knew he'd pined for her. But...he hadn't mentioned her, hadn't texted her ever again after they talked about it a while ago. And Irene hadn't texted Sherlock either. John didn't know why she had suddenly stopped texting. Maybe she was tired of waiting for the man who never loved. And yet...
Sherlock Holmes (WS).
As he worked his way to the bottom of his clipboards, he pondered the logistics of cancer. Why did it just have to go and ruin the lives of perfectly happy human beings? A lot of the time, he hated cancer with a vengeance. A few years ago, he’d met a young woman with a late stage of blood cancer. She was terminal but somehow kept her humour until she was very close to death. He’d been one of the only doctors she liked, and he eased her pain. To see her fade away had hit John in a different place that other patients. He’d become attached to her which was dangerous for a doctor dealing with death daily. After that, he spent the next week in a strange reverie, doing his work but never quite feeling it properly. Lestrade had had a chat with him about attachment issues, telling him that sympathy was good but emotional attachment was bad for his mental health. From then on, he’d managed to keep a safe distance. That was why he usually stayed away from the cancer ward. But he figured he’d have to get over himself at some point and now, he felt fine, heading into one of the last wards on his shift. He shouldered the door open and stepped into the ward.
"I know I put them somewhere," he mumbled, flinging open cupboards and tossing aside sheets of paper with random scribbles on them. He was rather like a small cyclone whirling through the kitchen in mild distress. "John, where's the tea?"
"I'll go," she whispered and John hardly nodded. Something was wrong with Sherlock, terribly wrong and John needed to know what it was. Mrs Hudson's feet creaked on the floor as she left and it sounded very loud. Even Rosie was uncharacteristically quiet.
"Then why are you here?" Sherlock spoke slowly, imperiously, placing pauses that were almost too long between each word. Greg seemed to struggle with his words and John, despite being far less amazingly intuitive that Sherlock, knew it was something much more personal than a strange oddity unsolved by Scotland Yard.
"Dadda!" she said proudly. John eased Sherlock's arm off his stomach and rolled out of bed to fetch Rosie. He lifted her out of her cot and then crawled back into bed, laying her between himself and Sherlock. Immediately, Rosie began playing with Sherlock's hair, tugging on the dark curls. Sherlock groaned and rolled over, waking. When he realized what Rosie was doing, he reached out his hands to tickle her. She dissolved into a fit of giggles as his bony fingers hit all of her most ticklish spots.
"Redbeard," Sherlock whispered and then a massive smile broke over his face. He cuddled the puppy a little closer and then read the tag. "Thank you, John. Thank you."
And Sherlock, with a widening of his eyes, suddenly understood what John was getting at. He couldn't help a wide smile creasing his features and John grabbed his shoulders, pulling him forwards to kiss him.
John blinked. “I’m good now, thanks. Uh…I had to do a double check on a patient, just to make sure.”
"And you always said you weren't gay."
John moved, using the last reserves of his strength to swing his leg backwards and into the man's groin. He released John with a high pitched scream and Sherlock's gun fired, the bullet sailing over John's shoulder as he dropped to the ground and lodging itself into the man's skull.
"Sherlock," John said, once the kitchen was clean and he was back to standing in front of the fire, toasting his butt through his jeans. Sherlock mumbled something incoherent, acknowledging John's presence. "I'm going out."
"Would you like me to take care of Rosie, dear?" she asked, entering the flat and patting Greg fondly on the arm as a greeting. He nodded politely at her, returning the gesture.
“Why, John?”
There was an awkward silence in which Mycroft and Sherlock stared angrily at each other and John rocked backwards and forwards on the balls of his feet, wondering if he ought to say something.
"Hey, Sherlock?" John called over his shoulder as he walked away from the fire and grabbed his coat and scarf. "I really am going out."
"He said sorry?" Sherlock asked. He stretched his arms above his head and then looked right at John, something dark flickering across his face. "My brother apologized?"
"Not at all," Mrs Hudson said at the same time that Sherlock indicated under his breath that they did mind very much. There was a hasty reshuffling at the table and then Mycroft was sitting beside Harry who eyed him curiously.
"Congratulations, Sherlock," John said.
"No, I really don't know what you're talking about. I'm afraid you've come all this way for nothing, detective."
"Merry Christmas, Sherlock," he said, walking slowly over to the tree where Sherlock, Rosie and Harry were still gathered. "Hold out your hands."
“And he will,” Sherlock nodded firmly. “But I’ll be ready.”
“What?” Sherlock looked at John blankly. Sighing, John began to explain that they were repainting his old room because a couple of weeks ago, Harry had found her own little flat just down the road and had promised to find a job and stay away from the booze. So, John had decided that Rosie would need her own room soon and that they ought to make his old room a little brighter for their daughter. Sherlock suddenly recalled the conversation and nodded his affirmation.
Sighing but also smiling slightly, John tucked his phone away and tried to think of something other than the patient in ward 221. So he thought about Mike and how they’d been to training together and how they’d been outcasts in the usual manner that hard workers like themselves are. And he wondered if Mr Holmes had gone to a university and-
Harry groaned, opening her eyes wide and blinking heavily several times. "I thought I might be dreaming," she said. "But you're here. You came."
"I'm not panicking," Sherlock said immediately, looking back to his laptop screen to illustrate his image of 'not panicking'. However, John could see his eyes flicking to the side, checking his peripheral vision to make sure John was still there. "Why would I be panicking?"
John knelt on the gravel which dug into his knees, still trying to prevent himself from throwing up. Sherlock rushed to him, dropping his gun and grabbing John's shoulders, holding him upright so he didn't faceplant.
"Yeah?" John said quietly, head resting on Sherlock's shoulder.
"We were called out to a pub brawl last night, just a petty thing involving civilians and too much booze. Lots of bruises, a couple of cuts and some blood, you know? We pulled in the instigators and we had three big fellas and a woman."
"John?"
"Thinking about Harry?" Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow and looking sideways at John.
John opened his eyes. "I'm fine."
"I can't take breaks!" Sherlock strode away from the window, throwing his hands in the air. "My brain will rot!"
Mr Hall looked up, his face creasing. He seemed to be waiting for some kind of prompt from his wife. After a beat, Mrs Hall sighed deeply, the sound rattling in her throat and caused her body to tighten a little. Pain? John wasn't quite sure. But she wasn't healthy, at any rate.
Mrs Hudson bustled from the flat, taking Rosie and a couple of blankets with her. John knotted his scarf around his neck and followed Greg from the flat. Unlike Sherlock, he didn't have an aversion to traveling in a police car to a crime scene so he climbed into the passenger seat and Greg pulled out into the traffic.
The man said nothing. John waited, heart still thudding. The man also seemed to be waiting, clutching his knife. And then, all of a sudden, he exploded into movement, lunging forwards at John with a yell that was definitely not Irish. Instinctively, John raised his hands to ward off any offence but the man had both size and a bloody sharp knife on his side. He came hurtling down onto John, slicing John's palms and sending him collapsing to the bloodied floor. John yelled for help, a vain attempt, and something smashed into his temple, sending a blinding flash of pain through him. And the world swirled into darkness.
“Scorching Fire?” he raised an eyebrow. “Who names these? You?”
Lestrade was silent for a moment, his eyes widening. “Watson, you are in no fit state to continue working. You need to go home, get some sleep and I don’t want to see you back here until Thursday. You understand?”
"That was your favourite saying," she told him. "You used to say that when something bad happened when we were little. It is what it is."
"Apparently not," Mycroft nodded curtly. "I'll be on my way then, brother mine."
"It's okay, John," Molly blinked hard and swiped at her eyes. "I understand."
Sherlock was grinning and began clapping. After a beat, Harry joined in, smiling fondly. John cradled Rosie who now looked ready for a nap, feeling like a very proud father. She was crawling! Rosie had started crawling! Rosie made some sleepy sound in her throat and rested her head on John's shoulder. He walked over to her nest by the fire and gently lowered her into it, making sure he didn't wake her. Then, after smiling broadly at Sherlock and Harry, he whipped the tea towel off his shoulder and waved it about like a flag.
"I know you're not the most comfortable person with...you know...open acts of affection," John forged through what he wanted to say, knowing it needed saying, knowing he needed to let Sherlock know he didn't want any more or any less than Sherlock was comfortable of giving.
This time, Mycroft turned on his heel and marched out the door in a huff. John felt meanly pleased and he knew that Sherlock would feel delighted with himself. He looked at Sherlock who had a silly grin on his face.
"Slick," John said and moved into his chair so he could sit opposite Sherlock and Rosie. They waited for Harry who didn't emerge from her room until around twenty minutes later, still rubbing sleep from her eyes and adjusting her socks she loved to sleep in. They had pink sheep on them and were very fluffy. John couldn't understand how her feet didn't suffocate! She stumbled into the sitting room and blinked heavily, taking the image of Sherlock cuddling Rosie while John had his legs stuck out in front of him, soaking up the warmth from the fire. John looked up, about to wish her a merry Christmas and a good morning when he saw the look on her face.
"John, do you remember what you said to me on our first case together? In the restaurant?"
Mrs Hudson looked over her shoulder and then made a little cooing sound. There was a skittering of claws and a little thump. Next minute, a small red puppy hurtled into view, pink tongue hanging out and a blue bow around its neck. There was a tag attached to the bow reading 'Dear Sherlock, much love, From John.'
Sherlock turned in a full circle, staring around the flat as if searching for inspiration. His gaze flicked over Rosie and his face scrunched into a fond grin. Then he continued rotating until he was facing John.
Sherlock frowned, eyeing John as if he had said something utterly absurd. "But that was years ago!"
"How's Sherlock?" asked Mrs Hudson. John, being completely and utterly oblivious to both hints and implied meaning, shrugged, gesturing towards the bathroom. They could hear the gurgling of the plumbing that indicated someone was in the shower and...was that singing? Was Sherlock...singing in the shower? John couldn't believe his ears. Sherlock was singing in the shower!
"Hello John," the man said in a heavy Irish accent. "Having a nice day so far?"
Finally, Mrs Hudson opened her mouth. Her voice came out creaky and upset. "Oh John," she said, fresh tears welling up in her eyes. "Haven't you heard?"
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent and stumbled into the kitchen, bumping into the stack of books he'd left there from the night before. John couldn't help but smile. Sherlock could be a right pain in the ass but, none the less, he was John's pain in the ass, hands in the fridge and all.
Not surprised but a little startled by the sudden change in topic, John said, "We made a deal a long time ago, way before I met you, that if Harry were to come here, he would fetch her for me. He doesn't like alcoholics much and was willing to help me out. Says he can't stand a bright young woman like her wasting her life at the pub. Nice bloke, Toby."
“Well, Rosie seemed to like the red when we looked at the colour schemes the other day,” John said, pointing to a small pile of paint tins by the door. “They’re almost the exact same colour as that Smaug toy you got her.”
"Mrs Hudson, no!" John damn near collapsed on the floor. There was something about admitting what he felt for Sherlock that had lightened him so much, he could freely laugh and take the piss out of himself. "I'm telling you...or, I'm trying to tell you, it's not like that!"
"Sherlock," John said very quietly, taking his hand and running his index finger over Sherlock's thin bones hiding under his nearly translucent skin. "Sherlock, I need you."
"You bet your life she is," the bartender nodded, resigned. "Been in since late last night, drinking on and off but mostly just sitting in the corner, sometimes playing pool with some of the lads. I'll go and get her."
"Fabulous," Sherlocked replied. Then a very cheeky and playful look bounded across his face. "John," he said loudly. "John, we have some news, don't we John?"
Sherlock stopped tickling her and stared, appearing slightly shocked. His mouth twitched, as if he were trying to conceal a smile. And then it lit up his face, his broad smile creasing his cheeks and crinkling his nose. It clearly meant a lot to him, to be referred to as 'dadda'. His whole face went bright red and his eyes glazed over for a moment.
"Just spiffing, brother dear," Sherlock smiled falsely, though John could hear the underlying humour still colouring his voice which he'd attempted to make sound cold and clinical.
“What?” Sherlock said eventually, blinking and breaking eye contact briefly.
Once Greg was gone, John sagged, no longer needing to throw up his soldier's facade. Sherlock knelt before him, still holding his shoulders, and they just stayed like that, breathing. John had no idea how he was going to handle this. He wasn't equipped to deal with family. His family with Mary and Rosie and Sherlock had been so complicated that he didn't know how to go about working with a family which was complicated in a different way.
"Greg," John greeted quietly, nodding at a sleeping Rosie. Greg instantly looked apologetic and lowered the volume of his normally cheerful and somewhat sometimes abrasive voice.
And suddenly both men were broken, Sherlock sagging a little and Mycroft walking backwards, shoes sifting snow behind him. John, gripping the doorframe very tightly, had no idea what was going on but Sherlock was close to snapping. Close to collapsing in the middle of the street. His heart hurt for him. Moments away from bursting onto the street and fetching Sherlock, John watched as Mycroft looked at Sherlock one more time before turning away and climbing into his car. Sherlock was very still as the car drove away and the traffic wound around him, horns honking and people yelling out of their windows. But Sherlock just stood there, oblivious, as the world rushed around him. His shoulders slumped, pale snow gathered in his dark curls and his suit was rumpled. Without another thought, John shoved open the door properly and dashed out onto the street, hardly feeling the chill of the snow on his bare feet. Ordinarily, he'd have been hopping over the ground, hissing and swearing but he was not feeling ordinary right now.
"First of all," John took a deep breath, controlling the shaking in his bones. "Jim Moriarty would have no qualms about showing his face. Second of all, he wasn't one to do the dirty work himself. God forbid he ruin his Westwood. And thirdly and most finally, Jim Moriarty is dead."
"Of course I came," John's voice was trembling now and he couldn't help it. From behind him, he heard the click of Sherlock's shoes. Then he felt his hand resting gently on his shoulder. Support. That's all he needed. It was everything he needed.
"Well, the thing is, there was no sign of a break in, no sign of anything ever happening in the house apart from the theft of the goods," Greg twiddled the steering wheel so they changed lanes. Several horns honked in irritation behind them but Greg ignored it.
"Uh, yes," John said hastily, taking out his notebook and pen again. "You reported some missing items?"
"Sherlock!" he cried, delighted. He leaped off his chair and flung his arms around the other man's thin neck, a small tear escaping him.
Sherlock said nothing, still facing the window. His shoulders slumped over and his back curved slightly. John knew he was more upset than he'd ever been but if he didn't know why, how could he help? Still sitting in his chair, John kept watching Sherlock. Finally, Sherlock turned around slowly, his face a pale oval of sadness. His eyes were bloodshot and full of sorrow while his mouth was clenched shut, a tight, white line, lips pressed out of existence.
"Oh Harry," John said and reached out with both hands now, pulling her into an embrace. Sherlock stepped back, watching. As John held his sister, he realized she was shaking. Crying. Harry Watson, the girl who tried so hard not to cry was sobbing openly now, her tears soaking into John's shoulder and John had to clench his teeth hard. "Let's get you out of here."
"Nothing," Sherlock said and began typing, fingers clicking rapidly on the keys.John rolled his eyes. Even when Sherlock thought he was being inclusive and letting John in on the action, the guy had no clue. Sure, he was opening up and all but he still had difficulty dealing with basic human interests and gauging social situations. John didn't mind though. He was content.
"What is it, Mycroft?" he growled.
"I said," John repeated with mild exasperation, "What are you doing?"
"I believe he asked you to let him go."
"Sherlock, I've been trying for years and it always ends in tears. Literally."
"You look sad, when you think he can't see you."
“How many hours straight have you been working, Watson?” Lestrade asked, reaching out a hand to support John who was listing seriously to one side. John had to think hard, sifting through the muddied waters of his mind to do the math.
"'Is that The Mountain?' asked Bilbo in a solemn voice, looking at it with round eyes. He had never seen a thing that looked so big before. 'Of course not!' said Balin. 'That is only the beginning of The Misty Mountains, and we have to get through or over, or under those somehow, before we can come into the Wilderland beyond. And it is a deal of away even from the other side of them to the Lonely Mountain in the east where Smaug lies on our treasure.'"
"Oh, I'm sure we'll be fine, dearie," Mrs Hudson reassured John, cradling Rosie. She kissed Rosie's little forehead tenderly. "She's a real bundle of joy, John. I hope you know that."
At that moment, there was a knock on the door and Molly burst in in an explosion of tinsel and smiles. She was bearing a rather large bag full of nibbles such as chocolates, crisps, sweets of various sorts and that was only what John could see at the top; the bag was bulging and appeared dangerously close to splitting and spilling the contents.
John squared his shoulders and steeled himself. "Thank you," he whispered back and then swung open the cell door. It flew back on its well-oiled hinges and bounced off the cell wall with a crash. John didn't flinch. Soldier. He was a soldier. But the occupant of the cell flinched. They jerked in their sitting position and seemed to awaken from a dazed passed out state. Harry was sitting against the wall of her cell by her bed, her knees drawn up to her chest and her arms encircling her legs. Her head was tilted back, leaning on the wall and she looked a right mess. Her dirty blonde hair had been hacked short and she was dressed in mucky army fatigues, though missing her jacket. The white singlet was stained and John suddenly winced, eyes widening somewhat. Curling down her arms were scars, twisting white lines decorating her skin.
"Oh well," Sherlock said lightly. "You were going?"
Mycroft moved closer to Sherlock and lowered his voice a little. "You cannot blame it all on me. You made you like this, as I recall you saying once."
"What?" John called, flicking the tea towel over his shoulder and rushing into the sitting room. Sherlock just pointed and John followed his finger to where he was gesturing to. And there was Rosie, crawling across the floor to the coffee table. A massively broad smile split John's face and he hastened to grab his phone and snap some pictures.
“Of course,” Sherlock smiled. “But I mean it, John.”
Instantly, he was struck by how little decoration there was on the walls. The other wards had posters, paintings, cards, balloons and flowers to brighten the dull walls and depressing vibe of illness. But this one, this was bore no posters, zero paintings, there were no cards with heartfelt letters, no balloons to liven the mood and no flowers wilting in a vase. In fact, at first glance, the ward looked completely empty and for a second, John wondered if he’d got the wrong door. But when he looked a second time, he realized that the bed contained a very thin patient. John moved closer, intrigued, his clip-board forgotten. He ran his eyes over the surprisingly un-rumpled covers and up to the face. Black curls were splayed out over the crisp white pillow, contrasting starkly. The cheekbones were hollow, and the lips were parted slightly. John could see the covers rising and falling with the breaths. He went back to examining the face and as he stared at each contour and curve and the incredibly pale flesh, he realized he was utterly entranced.
"I had a really good mate, my best friend, Damien. We flew in the same team, our little crack shot team who did the stuff no one else wanted to do. We were the best at our job and we could be relied on. You know what that's like, John? To be relied on?"
"Oh no!" John cried out, half laughing himself and tickling Rosie's ribs. She giggled even harder and Sherlock dived in, sliding to his knees and grabbing Rosie. He wheeled around and held Rosie so she flew with him, legs kicking happily and arms flailing.
"Okay..." John chuckled, still in the dark a bit.
Mycroft spun around and the corners of his mouth were turned down. "I came for Christmas."
"Mrs Hudson, you are too much," John reached for the wall to support himself and at that moment, Sherlock entered the room. John knew, without turning around, that he had come in because he brought in a sort of presence, a regal and imposing presence which intimidated most people but was very familiar and comforting to John.
"He's perfect," Sherlock was still watching the pup but directed his words to John. "Would it be wrong to call him Redbeard?"
"Hello!" she said, getting a better grip on her bag.
"But," John faltered. "I thought you didn't..."
"A woman?" Sherlock frowned. "Statistically unlikely but continue."
"I do," John nodded. He did know. He'd been a captain once too. And a doctor.
"I didn't know you cooked, John," Harry said, tentatively stabbing a piece of pasta with her fork. She brought it up to her mouth and then sniffed.
John wasn't sure he'd heard quite right. "You what?"
John blearily opened his eyes, momentarily confused as to where he was. Sunshine was pouring over him and the sheets were different. He rolled onto one side and there was Sherlock, propped up on an elbow and looking at John as if he were some kind of strange creature lying in bed with him. And then John remembered. Creeping into bed. Winding his arms around the other man...Sherlock looked good in bed, John thought before he could stop himself.
"Mrs Hudson," John said again. "What is it?"
"You said that it was all okay," Sherlock said and John recalled it now, their conversation when he'd tried to identify how Sherlock felt about relationships. "And I am telling you now, it is all okay."
"Daughter, aye! And boyfriend! Well, well, well. I guess you're here for Harry?"
"Tell him I'm sorry."
"Congratulations, John," Sherlock whispered. John drew back for a moment and eyed Sherlock carefully, calculating his next words.
With that, he was gone, flying from the flat in a flurry of coats, scarves and childish vigour. John didn't bother racing after him; he'd get a text if Sherlock wanted him to come and help. He'd become used to that in the years that they had been best friends. Best friends. It was an interesting term, really. You had friends and then you had...best friends. John wondered if Sherlock knew the difference. Then he wondered if he himself knew the difference.
"Never you mind," the man said, grabbing his upper arm and dragging him sideways. John stumbled, tripping over his feet. Damn it. He wasn't getting out of this one, not this time. He had no strength to even think about fighting. If only he had his gun. Or Sherlock.
"Don't worry," John shook his head. Sherlock wasn't a genius when it came to matters of the heart. "Forget it."
"Sherlock," Mycroft said in warning but, of course, there was no stopping Sherlock once he got caught on the scent.
Harry seemed to struggle internally, shoulders curving in and then squaring. She stood up very straight, very tall (well, as tall as a Watson could) and looked John dead in the eyes but addressed her words to Sherlock. "It's a battle I'll always lose but I'll try."
"Mycroft," John said, never feeling so relieved to hear his voice. It was curt as always and carried frustration and a higher intelligence that John found most irritating.
"Since when do you?" Mycroft replied coolly.
"What'd I miss?" Harry blinked several times.
"I'm not an expert on human nature," Sherlock said, scratching his chin. "But I do know this; the more you try, the more likely you are to succeed."
"What makes you so sure?" Harry put her hands on her hips.
"Who was that woman from yesterday?" Mrs Hudson asked, leaning on her door frame. "Was she a client? She seemed a right mess."
"Am not," Sherlock whispered hoarsely. "Shut up."
John narrowed his eyes. He understood the game now. "I get it," he said. "You're Jim Moriarty."
"Molly," John said again but wasn't sure what to follow on with.
"Chicken?" he asked. He sniffed. "And...cheese? Pasta?"
"And you're the master of that, are you?" John put in snidely, not quite able to help himself. Mycroft looked suitably chastened and clutched his umbrella a little tighter.
"Nothing serious," John reassured him, coaxing the bottle into Rosie's mouth. Delighted she was finally getting some attention, she began sucking happily, eyes closed with glee.
Sherlock was sitting stock still, lips slightly parted and face a little flushed. John waited for him to say something, anything. Something about personal space and respecting that. But Sherlock said nothing and John felt as though he were drowning in a pool of stupidity. Why would he do that? He didn't think. He acted impulsively and-
"Good heavens!" John exclaimed, putting his phone down and trying to calm his thundering heart. "Hello Greg."
"Fair enough," Sherlock said, not quite making eye contact. John lowered his voice a little and moved closer to Sherlock, almost subconsciously eliminating the space between them.
"And that's the pub in which daddy got rather inebriated," he chuckled, glancing up at John as he pointed. John knew he was referencing the stag night...jeeze, they hadn't just been 'rather inebriated'. They'd been pissed as chooks! "And then, across from there is where we found a pair of legs. Nothing else attached, mind you. Just the legs."
"Yes, Eurus told us," he explained briefly and John recalled it now. The face on the monitor. The train sounds...he'd tried hard to forget those.
“None that I’m aware of,” Sherlock replied, also standing and looking over to where Rosie was sleeping in her mound of blankets by the fire with Redbeard at her feet and toy Smaug tucked under her arm.
"How can I help you?" the man asked.
Sherlock was lying on the pavement, blood all over the stones and body crumpled. His hair was stained with blood, damp and limp and his blue eyes were wide, staring. Blank. His coat was splayed out, as lifeless as the man on the ground to whom the coat belonged. John couldn't stand and sank in the arms of the people around him.
"Sherlock Holmes," he said. "I am irrevocably in love with you."
"Do come in, Greg," he called, leaning back into his cushion. John didn't bother feeling surprised that Sherlock knew who it was. The door swung open and Greg Lestrade burst in, face flushed from the cold outside and hair full of snow. He seemed breathless, inhaling deeply and pausing by the door frame before entering properly. When he got his breath back, he closed the door and then stuffed his hands deep into his coat pockets, eyeing Sherlock and John.
"What happened, Greg?" John asked quietly, leaning forwards a little and resting his elbows on his knees so he could place his chin on his hands. It wasn't normal for Greg Lestrade to struggle with his words and it certainly wasn't normal for him to be unable to vocalize his thoughts but today, he was struggling. Finally, he heaved a deep breath and began his story.
"Do you recall "A Study In Pink?" John asked the unresponsive Sherlock. "I do. I thought you were the most arrogant prick I'd ever met. Still liked you though."
“The looming presence of bad guys?” John winked knowingly. “Come on, I know you. There’s something brewing out there. He’s planning something. Something is coming and you love it.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sherlock was feigning innocence, shrugging and turning back to his painting but with a broad grin.
"Seriously though, did I wake you up?" John asked over his shoulder as Sherlock clattered with the kettle and a teacup.
"What's going on?" Mrs Hudson's timid voice came from the door into the kitchen and John turned, still feeling very angry, to see her standing in the doorway, face a picture of worry.
"I know," John stuffed his notebook and pen away. "Something is absolutely fishy about this."
"So, I'm looking at these!" Sherlock bent down and plucked a book from the pile before tossing it to John who caught it one handed and glanced at the cover.
John was confused for only a moment. Then he smirked. Time for a little fun with Mycroft. "Oh, yeah," he said, cocking his head to one side and then striding over to the bench to make Rosie a bottle. Sherlock grinned.
It had been several days since John had been discharged from the hospital and most of those had been spent recovering, sitting in his armchair and being waited on by Mrs Hudson. His hands had been bandaged up, rather like a mummy from a film and it was difficult to even hold a cup of tea. What a tragedy that was! No, really, it was. Sherlock had looked after Rosie and Greg had popped in to explain what had happened. Apparently, Greg had been clobbered over the head the moment John had left the room and had woken up outside by his police car, around half an hour afterwards, sporting a rather impressive lump on the back of his head. It was still there, looking bruised, painful and very tender. He had instantly called for backup but of course, John was gone by the time they arrived. They searched the house, finding the bodies of Mr and Mrs Hall in the bathroom and a lot of drugs used to keep them sedated. That would have explained the shaking of the hands and other extremities that John had put down to a muscular disease, John mused. Other than that, there was no trace of the killer. Greg told John that Scotland Yard was investigating. However, John knew that Sherlock would be on the case, the moment he was able. Sherlock had also shared his tale. He had received John's text and began making his way to the house after ten minutes. But traffic had been hell and he got there via the back entrance (therefore not finding Greg) moments after the car containing John had skidded away. Sherlock had then stolen a motorbike from next door and tore through the streets after it. By some Sherlock style miracle, he had managed to keep pace with the car and track John to some house in the country side. The rest, John knew. But Sherlock wasn't letting on where he had been before all of that and still refused to talk about why he had vanished that morning.
"John, it's okay," Sherlock said.
"What?" said John.
"Go on," John said again, swiveling around with Rosie so their backs faced the fire and they could see the rest of the sitting room. "I know you want to."
"So, you when did you get into the air force?" he asked, turning back to his sister and wiping the last of the crusted blood from her skin. John had had no idea that the occasions he had spoken to her over the phone, he'd been actually out of the country with the Air Force, knocking targets from the sky! She'd kept that well hidden. For a moment, she was quiet. Then she cleared her throat.
"John!" Sherlock hissed in a panic but John ignored him. The bartender clapped his hands together, clearly delighted.
"Oh but it does," Sherlock replied sadly. "Goodnight, John."
"I prefer Bilbo, if I'm honest with you," John confessed. Then he eyed Sherlock who was flexing his fingers. "Go on, do it."
“Because you’re Sherlock damn Holmes,” John said and blew him a kiss. “And you’re a high functioning idiot.”
"I can't," Sherlock whispered, slowly climbing from his seat. "I can't because...look at yourself, John. It's eating you away, can't you see? And I can't let it do that."
Mrs Hudson put her hands on her hips and gave him a severe look. "When exactly were you going to tell me?"
"You're so immature," he said before turning on his heel and striding into the kitchen to make some breakfast. Rosie, as it turned out, loved chewing on toast with butter and jam and ended up with jam almost from ear to ear and giggling, as if she knew that John would have to give her a bath and that it would result in everyone anywhere near the bathroom getting wet and bubbly. Once John had cleaned up her highchair, he took her to the bathroom to run a shallow bath. Meanwhile, Sherlock and Harry ate together, returning to their serious conversation from yesterday. John really didn't know what they were talking about but assumed it was something to do with kicking bad habits and addictions. He dipped his finger into the water in the bathtub and nodded. Just warm enough. Rosie was sitting on the floor and he managed to wrestle her out of her pajamas before hoisting her into the bath. The moment her feet touched the water, she let out a squeal of delight and kicked a splash of water into John's eyes.
"John, you fool," he reprimanded himself. He could call the police! Even with the sim card removed, emergency calls could be made! Hope rekindled in his chest and he positioned his phone in front of his face again. He opened the phone app and dialled the emergency number. It rang. Holy sweet Jesus, it rang! He put it on speaker phone because he couldn't get it to his ear.
"He...said...he's...sorry?" Sherlock spoke haltingly, his voice cracked and husky from disuse. John could have jumped for joy right then. He'd never been so glad to hear the baritone cadences from his friend before. Well, that wasn't strictly true but...
Then, only an hour or so after the last patient had been seen to, there had been another vehicle accident, this time in Trafalgar Square (there seemed to be a theme going on here, John thought morbidly) which, again, filled the emergency room almost to maximum capacity. John had chugged down another black coffee and a handful of purple jelly beans before donning a pair of latex gloves and seeing to the never-ending ocean of sobbing patients. He’d put the final stitches into a twenty-two-year-old guys thigh and checked the emergency room which, finally, was empty.
"I'm taking you to my mountain, Rosie!" Sherlock snarled as Rosie laughed delightedly. John climbed to his feet.
"Are you okay, John?" she asked.
"Why not?" John flipped his notepad closed and tapped his pen on his chin."That's sort of what I do. You know, take notes?"
"But how?" Greg folded his arms, as if already knowing and expecting the answer. He was just playing along.
"No, you thought," Sherlock was frowning at him but not in a displeased way.
Greg spluttered something about not quite catching his drift and went very red whilst Sherlock nearly choked on air.
The man clapped his hands together in delight which wasn't an altogether easy thing to pull off, given the rather enormous knife he also held. "I knew you'd get there in the end, John," he said happily.
"Well, it's an impressive waste of brain space," Sherlock took a sip of tea.
“Sir?” John said, trying not to slur his words. Though he was completely exhausted, his terrible streak of pride did not allow him to do the sensible thing and say that he had to go home before he passed out right this second.
"How do you remember all of that?" Sherlock wanted to know. John laughed. He could hear the mild jealousy colouring Sherlock's tone.
"I love you, John," Sherlock said. He had never sounded so tender, so soft and so caring before. So open and honest. And John fell in love even further, if that was possible.
A couple of minutes later as the bus bounced down a one-way lane riddled with potholes and muddy water, his phone pinged.
"No," said John. "But it is what it is. Sorry."
"Sure," said Sherlock without even considering it and continued his mapping out of the riverside. Rosie was listening intently, following Sherlock's finger with her eyes and smiling from underneath her bundle of scarves and blankets John had piled on her to keep her warm. They passed another couple with two kids capering alongside them who nodded politely, wishing them a merry Christmas and a happy new year. As they walked, snow began to fall again, swirling from the sky and making Rosie giggle as she got some on her nose. Sherlock was walking just ahead, turning around in circles as if marveling at the snowy wonderland. It was so perfect, John thought. The happy little family picture of daddy and daddy and Rosie taking a walk along a snow coated river bank just after Christmas. Of course, nothing that perfect could last.
"What are you doing?" he asked. Sherlock stopped right in the middle of the room, holding a book in one hand and four stacked atop one another in the other. His blue silk dressing gown floated down to his calves, finally descending from its flapping behind Sherlock as he bustled around.
Mike: You? Me? A pub? Are you quite alright, John?
"What's that?" Harry asked curiously, almost unable to help herself.
"Game's up," John said firmly. "I know you're not Moriarty. So who are you? And why did you need to murder Mr and Mrs Hall?"
John was silent. Those words he had spoken, those words that came from the deepest and darkest corners of his heart were out in the open now. There was no taking them back. And he didn't want to. They had been burning a hole in him and he had to get them out.
Back in his chair, now with his feet propped up on a footstool in front of the blazing fire, John finished his apple and tossed the core into the flames. It sat for a moment on a chunk of wood before it was devoured.
Mycroft's posture changed slightly and he smiled a little, a tiny upward turn of his lips but a smile none the less. "If you don't mind."
By this time, it was well past lunch time and John shuffled to the staff room to gulp down a rather floppy sandwich when he got called down to the morgue to identify some interesting stab wounds. He shoveled down his sandwich on the way and then had to attempt to make conversation with Molly Hooper who was head of this department and who wasn’t the best at casual conversation that didn’t involve bodies.
"What?" John looked up, frowning.
"Oh come on," John rolled his eyes. "Maybe he really was lonely."
"I'm full of them," John winked, tossing the book back to him. Sherlock caught it and threw it to the ground, as if in disgust.
"We need to go to the station," John swallowed hard. "I need...I need to talk to her."
"Oh, I'm not a detective," John said. "I'm just...consulting."
"You won't lose," John said firmly. "Not this time."
"I need to get back to the station," he said quietly. "I'll tell whoever's on duty to let you into the cell block."
Greg looked surprised, eyebrows raising and mouth slackening a little. He trusted John explicitly and if John said something was up, something was up. But it did seem odd. "Really? If you ask me, they're just a doddery old couple."
"What is it?" he asked. Rosie grabbed a chunk of his shirt and began sucking on it. "No, no, Rosie, don't do that," he begged her, trying to remove it from her mouth. She didn't let go and he gave up, figuring he'd just change it later and throw it in the wash.
“Watson?”
"I would never," Sherlock sounded mock offended. Then he grabbed his teacup and took a swig, slurping a little. John sniggered and then realized that Rosie had both finished her bottle and fallen asleep. Sometimes he wondered if babies had about four settings which they rotated between. Sleep was the master setting, following by Crying, Pooping/Peeing and then Consuming Milk. He cradled her in his arms and then carried her to her nest by the fire, tucking her in gently. Sherlock had followed, smiling fondly down at Rosie.
"Oh Sherlock," Mrs Hudson had also succumbed to a new bout of laughing and wobbled over to Sherlock, bent in the middle, to give him an impromptu hug. John turned a little to smile and Sherlock patted Mrs Hudson on the back a couple of times, clearly utterly baffled at their hilarity.
"I'm...fine," John traced Harry's face on the ID card and finally looked up. Sherlock was watching him carefully, assessing his mental state, wondering if he might need something. Yeah, John needed something. A stiff whisky. Or a hug.
"Dadda!" she cooed happily, tugging on John's hair with her fist. A bubble like helium spread through John's chest and he began to laugh, telling Rosie she was a very good girl. How proud of her he was. Hastily, he clattered down the stairs and bust into the sitting room where Sherlock was pacing in front of the fire, his dressing gown trailing behind him.
“Get a grip, Watson,” John snapped at himself, closing the door with strange finality behind him. “You do not need to be mooning over a patient. That’s just wrong. Sick and wrong.”
“Light ‘em up,” he chuckled quietly and then they began to paint, the walls morphing from a boring, blank canvas to a bright, fiery landscape. After a while of comfortable silence, John turned to Sherlock, still keeping his brush on the wall.
"I just thought I would...what's the phrase? Drop by," Mycroft told them. "Check up on my little brother."
"Yes," Sherlock replied, smiling at her. "Urgent business."
"Would it have been so terrible if he'd just come for Christmas dinner?"
John didn't hesitate anymore. He strode over the concrete floor and crouched down in front of her, reaching out to touch the bruises. "Yes, Harry, it's me."
He reached out to find Sherlock's pulse because there was no way Sherlock could be dead. His wrist was so thin in John's hand and there was no pulse thrumming under the pale skin. Why was there no pulse? Because Sherlock couldn't be dead. John felt the world sinking and rising around him, pulsating like an ocean. Sherlock could not be dead. No. It wasn't possible. Yet there was so much blood and he had seen him fall, tumble from the roof and the blood and no pulse and-
John didn't know what to say but it didn't matter because they were kissing again and John had brought his hands around to trace Sherlock's face, slide his index finger across Sherlock's tight jaw and down his neck. Sherlock shivered and John didn't go any further. There were boundaries and John respected every single inch of them. He didn't care that they wouldn't join like other couples because it didn't matter. He loved Sherlock like nothing else and judging by Sherlock's behavior, those feelings were very much requited.
"Morning Sherlock," John replied. "Sleep well?"
John bowed his head. "Yes."
It was too late. The finger was in the mouth and Sherlock cringed as she slobbered all over it. When she released it, he examined it for a second and turned his mouth up.
"No, no, it's fine," John said, tucking the ID card into his pocket and making his mind up right then and there. No more ignoring his family. He'd done that for far too long, pretending that his sister's problems were not his own. He'd also hidden from the judgment she gave him whenever they met; he'd run off to the army and left his family behind to worry, not returning phone calls. He'd just...left, unable to handle sitting around doing nothing with his life. He'd needed adrenaline. He'd needed danger.
"I mean..." John trailed off, hesitating. Sherlock didn't offer any words to help him along so John cleared his throat and tried again. "I mean, you know, you were in the air force? What happened?"
"Just because I like Smaug," he said, rather petulantly, reminding John of a small child.
"Well thanks," he grinned. "But I think the appreciation is mutual."
"Yes, John?"
"I'm here," Sherlock whispered, standing right by John. "Anything you need, I'm here."
John closed his eyes and rested his head on Sherlock’s chest to hear his swiftly beating heart. “You’re welcome,” he breathed. Then he opened his eyes a little. “But you’re still a high functioning idiot. You’re my high functioning idiot.”
John, as it transpired, did not sleep a wink all night. Instead, he lay, wide awake, tossing and turning and mulling over the happenings of the day and trying to figure out why Sherlock was being so secretive and vague. And why on earth he was suddenly concerned about love, as trivial as it was in his 'considered opinion'. John didn't understand, he didn't understand at all. Maybe he really should put it on a tee-shirt. Mary would approve.
Or...not?" John shrugged, hoping to placate Sherlock. "We could just...do it now?"
"Mycroft, you pick up your phone right now, you understand?" John left the second message of the day. Then he rang again, leaving a slightly angrier message. Then again, with some very curt words that he wouldn't dare say in front of Mrs Hudson. Then again, just telling Mycroft that he'd damn well walk to the Diogenes Club and shout until someone came. Then-
Little! He wasn't that short! John felt mildly stung and pursed his lips. Just because his captor was built like an ox and Sherlock was unfairly tall!
"Sherlock Holmes," the man said, putting on his Irish accent again like a coat. But Sherlock just laughed his false laugh he gave to people whom he didn't like.
"Oh shush," John patted her upper arm, still trying to calm himself and failing miserably. Tears were running freely down his cheeks and he couldn't quite breath properly.
"What? No," John shook his head. "Just...remembering the first time we met."
"Jesus!" he hissed, trying to contain his alarm so he didn't wake Rosie or Sherlock. Four dismembered hands sat on metal dishes in the middle shelf of the fridge where the veggies were supposed to go. "Heads, hands, what next? Arses?"
John blinked. "I didn't know you were awake."
"Ooo-ooo," she cooed. "You off out?"
John rolled his eyes and reached out his hand to take Sherlock's. "The what?"
"Shut up!" John roared. His limbs were tingling and his face felt drained of blood. He had never been so intensely angry, so unbelievably furious in his entire life. "Just shut up! I KNOW WHAT I HAVE DONE! I KNOW WHO I AM TO YOU! DON'T YOU DARE THINK I DON'T KNOW THAT! BUT WHERE WERE YOU? I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE TO BLAME HERE! WHERE THE HELL WERE YOU WHEN I NEEDED YOU? DON'T PRETEND I'M THE ONLY BAD GUY HERE!"
"Yeah," Greg said. "The way in which it was done is the strange bit. Thought it'd give Sherlock a buzz."
"Sherlock, what happened?" John's voice was soft, trying to ease Sherlock from his dazed state of mind. "Goddamn it Sherlock!"
“Yes, Sherlock?” John said, nearly whispering.
John Watson was tired. And not just “oh, I’m tired” tired, but “I might pass out right this second” tired. He could categorically list exactly why he was this exhausted and the reasons went like this:
"Um, where are we going?" he asked. John smiled. Finally, he knew something Sherlock didn't.
"Mrs Hudson, you are a star," John smiled gratefully and handed Rosie over. "She's just had a bottle not too long ago and I reckon she'll sleep a while longer. If she gets too difficult, just text me."
"What the hell are you doing, John?" Harry demanded, clenching her fists at her sides.
Sherlock was silent for quite some time and John knew he was turning the events over in his mind, analysing them like he always did. Rosie looked as though she wasn't going to be waking up soon so John left Sherlock to his thinking and carried Rosie carefully back to her cot, laying her among her blankets and covering her so she stayed warm. He tucked her teddy bear in beside her and just watched her sleep for a while. Yes, she looked like Mary. John closed his eyes for a moment, seeing Mary in his mind's eye, telling him to just get over it. He opened his eyes and left the room, checking his watch again. It was still much too early to even think about doing anything remotely productive so he headed back into the sitting room, grabbed his laptop and plonked himself back in his chair. Sherlock was still thinking, his fingers steepled under his chin and his eyes closed. John opened his laptop and jumped online to check his blog. His most recent account (The Stick Man and The Gallows) had had several thousand views already, even though they'd only just wrapped up the case the other day with Sherlock telling John he had solved it days ago, when really it had taken him longer that the last few. He smiled, satisfied. Despite everything that had happened in the last year or so, his blog and the duo's crime solving antics were still going strong. As he closed the laptop lid, he glanced over at Sherlock who was still thinking. There was something about him, John mused, tucking his laptop under his chair, something that had made John really look at him these past months. He'd found himself looking at Sherlock Holmes in a way he'd never looked at him before. Appreciation? Well, he already knew the man was a genius. At that moment, Sherlock's eyes flew open and he sat up very straight, very alert.
"Hi Sherlock," John smiled, trying to play down the fact they'd just slept together with not all of the participants knowing about it.
"Oh," said Sherlock, looking vaguely disappointed. "That's probably a good idea."
"It's Christmas," Mycroft said after a very pregnant pause in which he looked awkward, almost as if he regretted crashing the party.
Pressed against a canvas sky painted with dusty grey clouds, his coat whipping in the wind and tiny snowflakes tumbling from the heavens to swirl around him, Sherlock stood on the very edge of the hospital roof, a smudge of black against the white, as fragile and fleeting as a leaf caught in a storm. John's heart was thundering harder than it ever had, harder than when the bullet from the Afghan gun tore through his shoulder. It rattled in his chest, fighting against his ribcage and screaming to be free. The pure fear that he felt was unlike anything he had ever experienced. It set an icy fire to his bones and his legs trembled as he held his phone to his ear, staring up at his best friend who stood atop the hospital roof, speaking of notes and apologies.
"The only place Harry would go," he said. "The pub."
At this, John laughed. "You're impossible."
John, as if in a daze, found himself climbing up from his chair and kneeling in front of Sherlock. His knees ached a little from his fall into the gravel but he hardly felt it, heart beating too hard. The second time in less than a week. He took the other man's slender hands again and looked up at him, appreciating each angle of his face and how much hope and conflict lay in his eyes.
Greg was taken aback for only a moment before launching into his explanation once again. "Yeah, it was out of...revenge. Then when his plan failed, he found out that the imposter had a son. Again, more revenge. You're clocking them up, Sherlock! Anyway, so he hired the brother to kill you. That was the truck incident. And that failed too. Now, we don't know where he is. We don't know if he will try again."
"The fight!" Mrs Hudson exclaimed. She ducked out from John's grip and snatched his arm, dragging him to the window and yanking open the curtain. John tripped over his feet after her, trying not to protest too much. Dim, winter light poured into the flat and John blinked the afterimage from his eyes. Once his vision had cleared, he was able to see two men on the street below, standing several feet apart and clearing yelling at the tops of their lungs. From his elevated position, John could just make out that Sherlock was one of the men standing in the middle of the road. They were holding up traffic and several people had got out of their cars to shake their fists and join in the yelling. Wondering what on earth Sherlock and this other man who looked suspiciously like Mycroft were standing in the middle of the street fighting about, John popped open the window to let the sound in. Unfortunately, the winter wind whipped their voices away so John couldn't make out anything except the anger in their tones.
"I hope he likes it," Mrs Hudson said before waving John away. "Go on then!"
“You said he’d try to kill you again.”
"I'm sorry too," he told her. When they parted, Harry was biting her lip. Then she raised her hand and stared at the fingers Rosie had grabbed.
"Right," Greg said under his breath. "Mr Hall? May we come in?"
"Later this afternoon," John said. Mrs Hudson nodded again and then bustled up the stairs to the boy's flat. John stuffed his hands into his pockets and followed Sherlock out the front door. They stood on Baker Street among the snow, waiting for a taxi to flag down. Sherlock flung out an arm to hail one and they climbed in, Sherlock telling the driver where they wanted to go. John sat, hunched, in his seat, staring out the window at the city rushing by and wondering if Harry even wanted to see him. He needed to fix this though. Because, at the end of the day, family was all you had. Yes, John had a new family but he also had his old family. Family was the one thing that you could not forsake. He found himself glancing at Sherlock who was uncharacteristically quiet, gazing at the same spot on the seat. Sherlock and Rosie were his new family. Sherlock was more than family. He always had been. But now Harry was here...John worked his jaw, still having no idea what to say to her when they met. And so the taxi sloshed through the snow to Scotland Yard.
"Sherlock, what did he say to you?"
-damn near had a heart failure. Standing in the doorway to the bathroom was a man, dressed in a completely black suit with a black balaclava and a rather large and bloodied knife in his left hand. John stumbled backwards, back colliding with the basin.
"Well done," John told Sherlock sarcastically.
"I am trying to help you," John said, folding his arms in front of him and protecting Rosie at the same time. It was a calculated move and it did what it was supposed to do; draw Harry's attention.
"Morning John," Sherlock appeared in the sitting room in his dressing gown, yawning and ruffling his hair.
"Yes, but Harry has this one pub she goes to when she's upset," John explained. "At least, unless her tastes have changed, but I rather think they haven't."
John thought that was possibly the most unromantic way of saying someone was good looking but coming from Sherlock, it was huge. A broad smile covered his face all at once and he threw himself back down onto his back so he could look up at Sherlock.
They pulled up outside a residential looking home just out of central London where the flowerbeds were poorly maintained and the grass was dead, covered in snow and unloved. Greg turned the car off and they both climbed out, boots crunching on the snow covered gravel. John tightened his coat and followed Greg up the path to the front door. As Greg knocked, John fished his phone from his pocket. He'd put it back together early this morning, the collision with the fridge thankfully only putting a few cracks in the screen and leaving it readable. He squinted as he sent Sherlock a brief text.
"That's about right," John said. "She in?"
John paused a moment, taking a deep breath. "You know why. You know your brother better than anyone."
"But you and John," Greg finally pulled himself together enough to say something other than voicing his shock. "You guys aren't...you know..."
There was a strange taste in his mouth and his tongue felt like lead. But his mind was clear, and he felt like the old John again. Rolling out of bed, he slung his dressing gown on and checked the time on his wrist watch. It was Thursday morning, around 6am and he nodded with satisfaction. He’d slept the whole of Wednesday away. John made toast for breakfast and ate it leisurely, knowing that he didn’t need to go to work until around 10am. So, having a large portion of the morning to himself, he ran a bath, made tea and soaked in the silky, warm water for nearly an hour, drinking tea and enjoying the quiet bliss. Afterwards, he dressed himself and checked the time out of habit. Other people, he assumed, would go out and meet friends or something, when they discovered they had most of the morning off work. However, the slightly sad truth was that John Watson was a lonely man. He lived for his work and nothing else. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d gone to the pub for a drink or taken someone out to coffee. With a slightly resigned sigh, he figured he’d just go to work early. So he got himself ready and headed out to the bus stop.
From Clara
But Harry was gone, clattering back to John's old room. So, John wound his arm around Sherlock's waist and they clumsily waltzed to the bedroom with John messing up the steps (still unable to waltz, much to Sherlock's amusement), Sherlock kicking the door shut behind him. Thankfully, Rosie didn't wake up and John made sure to pull her blankets over her properly before removing his shirt and trousers and sliding on his sleeping shorts. The elastic in the waist had gone long ago so they slumped a little, riding low. He hitched them up and then hurled himself into the bed, snuggling under the mound of sheets and blankets. Sherlock slipped out of his dressing gown and struggled out of his inside out t-shirt. Then, after ruffling his hair, he climbed in beside John and clasped his hands behind his head, laying flat on his back.
"Hey, don't be mean. I've come a long way from the sausage disaster," John protested, taking a bite of pasta as proof. Harry shrugged and popped the piece of pasta into her mouth.
"By the jar of apricot jam, top cupboard, to your left," John said, rolling his eyes and, with one hand, making Rosie's bottle. She had stopped crying now and instead sucked on the ear of her teddy bear, watching Sherlock with avid fascination as he riffled around the kitchen, still unable to find the tea. He darted around the box of test tubes he had pinched from Bart's Hospital and then stopped, throwing his hands into the air.
John was ablaze. Kissing Sherlock was new. Yes, he had done it once before but this was something else. Sherlock was kissing him in a way he'd never known Sherlock could even think, let alone do. John's fingers knotted into Sherlock's hair. He did love those curls. Suddenly they were moving, John needing to move, walking Sherlock backwards to the wall until they could walk no more. There was a pause where they had to break away for air and John found himself staring right into Sherlock's stormy blue eyes.
"Sherlock," John said but he couldn't quite bring himself to break the moment.
“I know,” John murmured into Sherlock’s chest. Then he smiled a little. “Hey, Sherlock? I love you.”
"Could you please repeat that?" the man asked. John ground his teeth in frustration and was just about to explain his predicament when the line went dead. Disbelieving, John blinked a couple of times and looked at the screen. The battery flashed several times before the screen died, the welcome light suddenly vanishing and leaving John blinking in the gloom.
Without warning, and as if summoned by thought alone, someone knocked on the door and Greg Lestrade himself strode in with a cheery hello.
"You never came before," Harry sounded so childlike in that moment, so desperate for John that he felt as if he had been hit in the chest with something heavy. He saw, in that second, the little girl who sat at the breakfast table with her pigtails and spoon of honey, telling John he looked funny. He saw the teenager who told her parents she didn't like boys, hoping she still might be loved. He saw her watching out the window as he hoisted his rucksack onto his shoulder, leaving for the army. He saw the young woman with the bottles in her hands and a wedding ring on her finger. And he saw her throwing her wedding ring to one side, tears streaming down her face because she'd screwed up again. He saw Harry as she lost all she loved around her and he sat back on his heels, breathing too hard, much to hard.
"Oh, okay," said Greg. Then he said, "Everything okay? You know...between you two?"
"Family means more to me than you think, Sherlock," Mycroft narrowed his eyes, clutching his umbrella instinctively.
"Will you ever run out of credit?"
Mrs Hall was silent for a moment while Mr Hall lowered himself in what appeared to be a very painful manner, into his own armchair. When Mrs Hall spoke again, she was very guarded, very unsure of herself.
"I know you've talked to her briefly over the years," Sherlock accused John, now standing up very tall and straight, an injured expression on his face. "Just quick phone calls, mind you, but you didn't tell her about me?"
The stench was overpowering, hitting John all at once, engulfing him in a vomit worthy, god awful stink which made him gag and cover his mouth and nose with his hand. His eyes watering, John stared about him. There was blood, lots of blood, covering the tiles and this wasn't all dry. He could see that just from a cursory glance. The shower curtain was drawn and John, gritting his teeth, stepped around the pool of slippery blood and whipped it aside.
"Oh my god," he said, watching in wonder as Rosie made it all the way to the coffee table, grabbing onto the leg in delight. Then she sagged a little, worn out from all the effort it had taken to crawl. It must have been a very enticing table leg. "Oh my god, Rosie, you clever girl!"
"It's not quite like that," John protested but it was too late. Mrs Hudson had joined in with a giggle and then they were off, talking about all the times John had insisted he was as straight as an arrow. John, exasperated, chose not to argue and instead eyed Sherlock who had relaxed again after the attention had been taken off him. By now, Harry had joined in with Mrs Hudson and Greg, sharing childhood stories that John would have preferred to not be common knowledge and Molly had composed herself enough to laugh along with everyone else. The atmosphere became light hearted and joyful again and John was just beginning to get a little sleepy (he was very full) when there was a sharp knock on the flat door. It was almost as if someone had magically gagged everyone at the table; the entire room fell silent and even Rosie stopped babbling to stare at the door. Another knock came and Sherlock stood, buttoning his suit jacket as he did so. He walked to the door and eased it open, tension causing his whole body to be stiff as a board.
"She is. Looks like her mother," John replied. After that, Molly left and Sherlock came into the sitting room, wrapped in his dressing gown after taking a shower. He curled up in his chair and watched Rosie play, a small smile of delight and wonder on his face. John adored the fact that Sherlock was so fond of Rosie; it was so pure and sweet and removed from Sherlock's usual activities. He'd always liked Rosie, but lately Sherlock had become very attached to her. Quite suddenly, and much to John's surprise, Sherlock leaped up from his chair and ran to their room in a pattering of bare feet and creaking of floor boards. Moments later, he was somewhat dressed and hauling his coat over his shoulders, struggling to free his arm from its twisted mess in the sleeve.
"Nope," John said cheerfully. He looked sideways at Sherlock, grinning slyly. "Who said we were going in?"
"Harry," he said softly, moving forwards, his anger and fury melting away. At the end of the day, no matter how hurt he felt, no matter how mad she made him feel, she was still his sister and it ached in places he didn't know could ache to see her like this. Harry twitched and finally, properly came to, raising a hand to pass it over her face. When she drew her head away from the wall, John had to close his eyes momentarily, cutting off the view, trying to un-see. She had once had a very smooth and pretty face. Now it was marred, a thick, pale scar running from just above her left eyebrow, skating over the top of her eye (thankfully leaving her with her vision) and finishing just as it began to curve over the peak of her cheekbone. There was also fresh bruising, the colours of green, blue and grey blooming on both cheeks and the right side of her jaw. Blood had crusted around her jaw as well and John felt all the air escape his lungs. He opened his eyes, tilting his head to one side a little, perhaps hoping she might look a little better this way. It didn't help, of course, and John just stared. His little sister. His little sister looked broken beyond repair and John didn't know what to do.
"Or what, Mycroft?" Sherlock asked coolly. "You'll scare me with a ghost story? Tell me I'm an idiot?"
"Do shut up," Mycroft snapped.
"Boring!" he exclaimed, turning sharply on his heel to continue his pacing. "What's got into the criminal classes these days?"
"Good night, Sherlock," John said, rather muffled. He poked his head out from under the sheets. "I love you."
"Lunch is ready," he called and Sherlock glanced back at him, shooting a kindly smile.
"I'm so sorry," John said after a good, long while. Sherlock's eyes flew open and he stared at John, incredulous.
"Okay," Sherlock said, releasing John's shoulders and standing to his full height before offering his hand to John. John took it, allowing Sherlock to pull him up. "John? Don't be too hard on yourself. You don't deserve that."
“What colours?” he asked.
“Sorry, what?” Mike said, caught a little off guard. John never got drunk. He never drank. “John, what’s going on?”
"So," John said as the door to the bathroom slammed shut and the plumbing began to rattle and gurgle.
Several hours later, Mrs Hudson had tipsily made her way back to her flat, Greg had escorted Molly away and Harry was doing a touch of washing up in the kitchen. John had put a very sleepy Rosie to bed after washing her face and now stood in front of the fire, hands in his pockets and the ghost feeling of Sherlock's fingers around his still lingering a little. Mycroft was standing by the table, having lost his easy expression now that the guests had dispersed. Sherlock stood by John, eyeing his brother carefully.
"It's all okay," Sherlock repeated firmly.
John grabbed an apple from the bottom shelf, briefly wondering if the hands would have tainted the fruit and closed the fridge door with a snap. He shook his head, somewhat despairingly, and bit into the apple anyway. It wouldn't have been the worst thing to happen to something he had wanted to consume. John tugged the waistband of his pyjama pants higher on his hips and padded into the lounge, throwing himself into his chair with a deep sigh. Why was he still dreaming about Sherlock's swan dive from the roof of Bart's Hospital? That was so long ago and anyway, Sherlock had faked the whole thing and was perfectly safe and well. So why did it still bother John? He took another bite of his apple and stared into the fireplace where hot coals still glowed, weakly fighting off the winter chill that seeped into the flat. He supposed he should stoke it up. After placing his apple on the arm of his chair, he knelt in front of the fire and poked at the coals with the fire poker. Then he put some kindling over the coals and blew gently at the glowing orange, encouraging flames to splutter into life and lick the kindling. Another huff of air and fire engulfed all the kindling with delight. John sat back on his heels and watched the fire with satisfaction. He loved keeping the fire going, for some reason. His therapist would tell him that it was something to do with sustaining life and energy and it being a coping mechanism for grieving for Mary but John reckoned he just liked warmth and comfort and a fire offered that. Not to mention that when Sherlock got up and asked how the flat stayed so warm overnight, John could smirk at him and feel like he had one upped the genius.
John trailed off awkwardly and after a second in which John felt as though he might die of embarrassment, Mrs Hudson burst into peals of laughter. Eventually, John couldn't help himself and joined in her giggling until the pair of them were clutching their stomachs and wheezing for air. Even Rosie had joined in, gurgling happily and dribbling all over John's shirt.
"Morning," John coughed, attempting to sound both suave and calm and failing brilliantly. Sherlock raised an eyebrow delicately before detaching himself from Mrs Hudson and putting his hands on his hips.
John was glad to get off the bus as soon as he could, finally being free of the incessant whinging, the squabbling couple in the back and the surly bus driver who grouched at everyone who didn't pay with a card and made him rummage around in his tin for change. As John exited the bus, he eyed the driver discretely and was struck by the caterpillar-like eyebrows; oversized bushy things which wriggled about grumpily. Nearly giggling, he managed to get off the bus without tripping over the step and set his feet down on the familiar path to the hospital.
John winced slightly as Sherlock developed a slightly hurt expression on his face. "Uh, Harry, this is Sherlock Holmes. I mean...you know. My..."
But it was too late. Much too late. Sherlock was falling, tumbling through the air and John could do nothing but watch in perfect terror as his friend hurtled towards the ground. His mouth dropped open in horror and his heart plummeted into his shoes. The bitter wind whipped his hair and he couldn't comprehend the world. He started forwards, legs bumping into each other, limbs unresponsive with shock and suddenly he too was falling, something having crashed into him and the ground rushed up to meet him in a swirl of black and grey melting together.
And Greg Lestrade, who'd never been very good at noticing changing dynamics, or indeed, any mildly romantic dynamics between people, found his mouth falling open in sheer surprise. Chuckling, John patted Sherlock's hand, a silent thank you for saying what needed to be said, a grateful gesture to show that he understood how much bravery Sherlock had required to speak words he'd never needed to speak before, especially not about John. Greg was still floored, still glancing rapidly between John and Sherlock as if trying to figure out how it had all occurred.
"Sherlock," John said. "Is that really appropriate?"
"Good morning Mrs Hudson," John replied chirpily. He fetched a pot of raspberry jam from the fridge and set it on the bench before turning to face Mrs Hudson. She was looking at him oddly, he thought. "What?"
He skipped to the next line where it said that the patient was unconscious and not expected to awaken any time soon. Apparently, some unknown person was paying to keep Mr Holmes in the ward and on the expensive support he required. This man just got more and more fascinating with every minute. John checked all the vitals which were fine, apart from the fact that Mr Holmes had been unconscious for four weeks and there was no difference in his brain activity. But, John frowned at the brain activity stats, it was unusually high for someone unconscious. In fact, they were higher than most conscious people! John took a step back and wondered who on earth this man was. He flicked through the papers on Mr Holmes’s clipboard and cocked his head to one side. There was no personal information except his vitals, age and measurements. No-one to call if he died. No address to send him home to if he woke up. Nothing. Curiosity was beginning to burn a hole in John and he thought it best to move on before he accidentally spent all day in the ward. He swiftly checked the vitals, ticked off the clipboard and hurried out of the ward. At the very last moment, he glanced back and caught sight of the pale skin and black hair, popping from the pillow.
"Says the man who listens to it whenever I retell it!" John shook his head, grinning. Sherlock put his cup down and folded his arms.
The night closed around them, passing swiftly in their dreams. Neither John nor Sherlock woke until Rosie began babbling and laughing, throwing her teddies over the side of her cot so they hit the floor with soft thuds the next morning. Sleepily, John peeled his eyes open and realized with a rush of happiness that Sherlock had his thin arm draped over John's torso and was still snoring gently. John turned his head so he could look at Rosie. She peeked through the bars of her cot and pointed at John, giggling.
She seemed to understand that this wasn't just a case the boys were rushing off to. Mrs Hudson had this kind of parental intuition that John just didn't understand. Something told her not to ask about whatever was going on and something else told her that it was personal. Very personal.
"No," said John quietly. "You're an idiot. But you're my idiot."
"Ooo-ooo," she greeted in her overly cheerful manner. "Are you going out, John?"
"And that qualifies as interesting?" John raised his eyebrows. Sherlock shrugged, as if to say 'well, you asked.' Then, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his dressing gown, he began pacing in front of the window overlooking Baker Street.
He was just considering kissing Sherlock when he heard a cry issuing from his room upstairs. Rosie. With a little sigh, he threw the sheets off him properly and swung his legs out of bed. As he was about to rise, he felt Sherlock's bony hand trace the curvature of his back, fingertips sliding over his spine.
"Who?" asked John. "Who hired him?"
"No, wait," John's voice creaked out and he stumbled forwards, trying to chase after Harry, bring her back but his feet tangled together and he staggered, tipping forwards. Suddenly, Sherlock was there, arms winding around John and holding him. "Harry!"
"Yeah, well, we were good. Then orders came for a strike on some rebel base that required our expertise. I pulled my team of five together and we flew in, scoped it out. That was when it all went to hell. We'd been lead into a trap and before we knew it, there was gunfire everywhere and we panicked. I tried to keep a handle on the situation but it just flew out of control. We were being hit from all directions; planes above us, people below us and the target still hadn't been hit. And then Damien went down. Some bastard above him dropped an explosive on his wing and he just went down. He died, blown up into lots of little pieces. My best friend died that day. But we still hadn't hit the goddamn target and by now, my team had splintered and I knew that Damien would want to hit that target, only I'd lost control of my right wing so I was going down anyway. So, I directed my plane at the target and hoped for the best. Course, I didn't bloody die and Damien did and it should have been me because I was the captain. You know? I'm supposed to go down! I woke up during the night in the wreckage of the plane with a wicked pain on my face and everywhere else, could hardly see through the blood and darkness, and walked my sorry ass back to base. Yeah, Damien was dead. We got the target but...he was dead. I couldn't...I didn't know what to do. I ended up getting pissed as hell because I couldn't think of anything better, and fired off a bunch of shots in the air sometime one night. Course, that got me kicked from the team and flown back to London on the next jet. And here I am."
