Dean's cup of coffee is growing cold where it sits untouched on the kitchen table. Cas isn't hovering at the moment since Bobby sent him up into the attic for the crib. The baby is in Dean's lap now. She keeps trying to touch his injured hand and Dean's not sure what's up with that. "I'm not sure I even want to know; but why exactly do you say that Bobby?" Dean asks, he's bone tired and all he really wants is his bed. But he hadn't wanted to put off explaining the baby until the next day.
PG-13 this part
"Yeah," Gabriel nods. "It got complicated."
He nods with a slight frown, hoping this won't cause more undue trouble. "You don't deeply dislike my brother do you?"
Because this isn't good. That child shouldn't exist and there will be consequences for this, consequences he doesn't want Castiel to have to pay. Castiel is already in love with this - his child. Gabriel almost laughs. Of course he is. Castiel is so stupidly in love with Dean, of course he would love their child.
Castiel is the most fucking beautiful thing Dean has ever seen in his life.
“You know not of our Father’s will. You only know your own twisted desires,” Castiel spits and Sam can feel the tension rising in the room, prickling like static electricity.
Jo shows up that night carrying bags and complaining about the interstate and her mother and Walmart. Dean looks at her from his desk, over his glasses, until he’s sure she’s done.
The Morningstar falls.
"He could have given me to the Morningstar," Castiel frowns.
He waits a beat, thinking that Gabriel will insist. He knows he's right too, it would be for the best but...
"He hasn't stated any intentions? Or maybe left you gifts? Like in common gathering areas?" Anna asks, ticking off some imaginary checklist in her head.
But that was last month. Now he’s apparently a foster dad to a baby angel as well as operator of a halfway house for the things.
. Reluctantly he lets Castiel take her. "He's an angel."
It’s quiet and then... voices.
Gabriel sent him up here to explain, he sent him up to be level headed and learn the lay of the land and... "It bloody well is not! What's goin' on, Michael? Is this what you do? Father left you in charge to sit up here and piss about while everything goes to shit? You're telling me that you don't have a fucking clue what's been going on!?"
Barachiel blinks. "Who's callin' what now? Zachariah’s in charge of watching Earth. Middle management type. He ain't supposed to be mucking up anything in Heaven. He aint supposed to be mucking up anything on
Dean doesn't get the chance to go anywhere before the sound of feet are tearing across the porch.
"Last I saw he was making an attempt to sanitize her lion. I do not believe it's going well."
"Knowing my luck, yes." The demon says conversationally and she didn't know there were British demons.
"Interesting stories rarely are." Sam leans back again, waiting.
," Gabriel tells him. "I need to have a chat with Pru. I can see
Or other things... Like... Paintings or sunsets or any of that new age drivel that Lucifer found so funny. Or trying to think quietly about things that weren't family and falling and ex-lovers...
"He'll understand."
Castiel frowns at that, watching Elle as she attempts to launch herself at Gabriel who simply laughs and catches her. He lifts her up in the air and Elle squeals happy, her tiny wings moving in the breeze.
such a thing on their child?
"Samuel," Gabriel growls low in his throat. The sound sends a shiver up Sam's back. He nips Sam's lips again then runs his tongue soothingly over the small hurt. "Sam. We shouldn't do this."
Sam pulls his mouth away from Gabriel's and drags in air, trying to pull his mind back together. A difficult feat with the way Gabriel's moving under him.
"I don't know," Remiel pants, "but I'll take it."
Anna had come down and given him the all clear as well as a short heads up about what had happened outside. Out of the window Dean can see Cas, Gabriel, and Anna talking in front of the porch. Anna keeps glancing towards the gates while Cas keeps glancing towards the house. Sam's leaning against the wall right by the front door, still holding the blade Gabriel gave him. Dean keeps trying to decide what it looks like but it keeps slipping away from him.
The entire house watches him drain the bottle in one go. Huh, guess Sam was right, angels really don't have to breathe.
The twenty four hours before were obviously a grace period because when Dean wakes up the next morning it’s to the unmistakable sound of a wailing baby. He blearily hobbles out of his bedroom to find Jo standing out on the porch apologizing profusely and rocking the baby.
“They’re your brothers; there are a lot of them.”
Sam frowned as he shuffled through the bags, before looking at Dean, "Did you like, steal someone's food, because this is a lot more than..."
Remiel waits a moment before he releases his hold on Barachiel who jumps back, shaking his hand like the human he's pretending to be.
He thinks about laying down, but when he glances at his bed he remembers Gabriel curled against him, keeping his dreams safe. So instead, Sam trundles down the stairs into the kitchen and scavenges the fridge for something to make for dinner. He finds some frost bitten beef in the freezer and some sorry looking frozen carrots. The pantry reveals a few cans of beef broth, some basic spices, he tries not to think about how Bobby used to have more stuff on hand. Or about the chili he used to make them, which made the chili from the other night seem pale in comparison. But what he finds is enough to make beef stew.
The last thing she hears Gabriel say is, "Yes."
Shit.
"Laiad teloch," Remiel breathes and then she sees it.
He tries not to hyperventilate when he realizes that no one has been answering the phones all day until Gabriel tells him that
Sam finally meets his eyes and the fear there almost takes Dean aback. Dean -- he's forgiven Sam so much but this is his daughter's safety. Sam's his brother, that's never going to change, but he can't --
He is fully aware that he's grinning like an idiot, like the girl he'd been staring at all year just said she'd go to prom with him. Only, Gabriel isn't a girl and high school really wasn't his thing. So, he guesses, it's like an archangel looking up at him like he's
that look, and
“I’m your assbutt. Am I supposed to ask you how you feel about kids now?”
“More of a subpoena,” his father clarifies, “Gordon started some shit with Lenore’s people so the council has him cleaning out all the paper backlogs. Turns out the kid was in them.”
The girl screams when they break upon him like waves upon a shore.
"Don't hurt her," Sam begs. "Please. She's just a baby."
"It bears repeating. You'd be surprised at how much bullshit he can deadpan before anyone calls him on it."
When Dean looks back on what happened that day he’s going to have to tuck this somewhere in the top ten of the weirdest shit that’s ever happened to him.
"Jerk!" Dean manages as he reclaims his hand from Gabriel, flexing his fingers before starting to pull the wrap off.
Sam looks out towards the yard, through one of the windows to see Gabriel standing, looking up at the moon, looking lost in thought. He makes a move towards the door only to be stopped by Anna's hand on his arm. She's set the beers down on one of Bobby's bookshelves.
Dean once again tries to figure out if he can take the two sets of wide imploring blue eyes he’ll get if he tries to kick Cas out of bed. Fuck, it’s not worth the chaos.
Had he been doing that?
And dammit, he needed time to think.
“I put clothes on him and he just flopped down like a dog in a sweater.”
The metal creaks in front of him.
He scoops him up, kissing the top of his head and rubbing his wings once he settled. Dean makes coffee which he has to tell Abe like four thousand times he can’t have. Finally he squirts honey into one of the bottles that Jo brought him and warms up some milk.
It takes a bit of juggling to open the van's side door without dropping anything, but he manages. He doesn't get the reception he'd expected though.
“Okay, genius, what’s your master plan?”
"Indirectly, it was your neglect that sank the city. If you'd listened to Gabriel and done the mission you were given
and they might not even get to...
Great, now it was yelling and it sounded just like his dad.
," Gabriel snaps.
Raphael runs his finger tips over the scrape, healing it completely. "There that is better, isn't it, small one?"
"Last battle of the Second war," Gabriel breathes. "Right after he'd sealed Lucifer away for good."
The grin that Lucifer has is downright terrifying, “So, that’s when we go. When Samuel gives the word.”
He fights the urge to correct some of her incorrect phrasing. Dean had told him that babies, even those as smart as their baby girl, were still learning how to put their words together. He watches as Elle lifts the bear in the air as if it was flying. "Can Bear-Bear fly?" she asks in angelic.
Oh... That is... That is incredibly freaky and he doesn't need to think about someone checking their watch to see the time in hell, because who the fuck would want to know that? Remiel is going to say something, something that Dean is going to react badly to because this is too happy, too much like having a real family and Dean can't... Forty Years...He can't...
That’s a threat now. Sam straightens, fists clenching, because this is his
Robert is outside checking the wards and grilling Castiel's brothers on how they'd tightened them up before he turns in for the night. And Castiel would be lying if he didn't admit that the idea of the two Archangels being ordered around by Robert is amusing. Sam is pouring over several old books so that as Sam puts it Robert's home will not be redecorated in chrome. Elle hasn't shifted since morning, but if her shifts allowed Barachiel and by that logic Zachariah to find them...
"Lord..." Michael raises his hand before they have a chance to ask again.
A moment passes as Gabriel considers before he grins. "That's actually a great idea."
Maybe he’s a little bit out of it because the next thing he knows he’s being manhandled, okay, gently turned around to face a worried looking Cas.
Gabriel rolls his eyes and lays down in the field he claimed. He is
The little thing looks up and coos.
There's a gasp that could be words from Gabriel and he presses chest to chest so he can kiss Sam, wreck his mouth even more. Sam's hands drag up over Gabriel's back across the spot he know will get a reaction. Gabriel thrusts against him, fingers digging into Sam's hips. He's going to have bruises in the morning and Sam doesn't care. Sam
Dean blinks when he realizes that Emily is looking at him with a half smile on her face, along with everyone else in the kitchen staring at him, and it takes Cas shoving him forward a bit to snap out of it and walk into the kitchen. He can hear Sam and Gabriel laughing behind him and he's so going to get them for that later.
Sam pushes by him to Elle's bottle drying in the dish rack, and snags the can of powder to start mixing up the formula. "How are the strawberries?"
"I think it's
Sam blushes instantly, he can't help it. He's torn between utter mortification that he actually did it and a sort of breathless tingly anticipation for what Gabriel will say next. But it's quiet, except for the crinkle of paper being pressed into his hand with tangled fingers. He doesn't want to look at it, even though he's got the angel practically wrapped around him there's still that chance that... that he's still being played with. But he's a grown up damn it, and he did leave the note. He asked for this without explanations so he damn well better...
Dean stays long enough to see Barachiel smile at Elle, and speak to her in their language. Elle says something back, then waves her lion at him.
Two minutes. Probably less is how long it took him to grab a book and come back to find the baby covered in honey. He’s not even sure how he got it off the counter. So now Pig and a pile of blankets are in the washer and he’s got a squirmy baby in the kitchen sink who thinks that baths are the most amazing things ever.
stay at a motel, she’s going to trash every other place we stay in. And someone or something is going to notice sooner or later," Sam insists. Plus Bobby dealt with
Sam's fingers curl tighter around Gabriel's blade. He looks like he wishes the floor would swallow him up. "Uhm, Dean? We need to talk."
“Because of what happened at the Home?” Sam asks.
"It uh... happened quite recently," Gabriel takes a step back as Raven's eyes light up and Gabriel is pretty sure that it's gonna be about thirty seconds before every single God this side of the Atlantic knows that he's mated, to a human, and everything he'd been trying to keep under wraps is going to burst at the seams. The real Loki is going to laugh his ass off.
She lets the demons come at her, one eye on Jhudiel in case he decides to go for Crowley again. But he doesn't, he watches her toss demons aside like rag dolls, breaking limbs and sending blades skittering across the floor. He's judging her, seeing how much of her power has returned. It isn't going to be enough, not with the smile that spreads on his face like oil, like he knows and has known all her weaknesses from the start. Perhaps she could... She just had to get Crowley out of here. She just had to get him somewhere safe and...
"Who're you calling old man? As far as I knew it you're the oldest one here."
"Oh, alright then. I guess..."
This is complicated and Dean doesn’t want to mess it up but he’s not sure what an
“So it’s it Cas or Luc?” Sam murmurs as he eases under the warmth.
"A fucking
Gabriel laughs into his skin, and Sam can't help but grin and laugh himself. It's as if everything had slowed down, softened, deepened. He's being kissed again before he finishes laughing, and somehow it turns into almost a wrestling match. They kiss and nip and touch every inch of skin they can. They breathe each others air and capture each others moans when their cocks brush each other or any skin that gives a bit of friction.
Shit, oh shit, his brother had to end it like that. Okay, that was a pretty good way to end it. Sam wonders just how long the seconds are going to feel before they’re all smited out of existence, but hey, meat-suit apocalypse averted.
Sam blinks for a minute before what his dad actually said registered in his head. He’s pretty sure that was his father’s equivalent of ‘congratulations’.
Both angels quiet and look downwards. "Yes, Gabriel," they both say in their own tongue.
“Sometimes,” Castiel says, “Sometimes not. You’re you and... Raziel was Raziel.”
"Hmm." It's not at all a proper name. Not that it matters, he reminds himself, this is an abomination. This is something that by their Father's laws cannot be. He slides back into his vessel, and she snuggles happily to his chest.
Gabriel cuts him off. “No.”
"A fertility Goddess?" Bobby repeats, as he laughs. "Dean Winchester, you really are your father's son, aren't you, boy?"
Sam swallows, his eyes drifting to the Archangel where he's settled in a sprawl, like a puppet with its strings cut. There's a long tear in his sleeve from elbow to wrist, and the collar of his coat is tattered, fraying against the back of his neck, and the fabric looks singed. Sam doesn't want to ask, well, he really
Bobby chuckles and nods, turning his wheelchair around. "Bet it was."
“Uhh, yes.” Crap. He didn’t really think about telling his dad. They weren’t even really sure if his dad would get marks but Dean, Cas, and Abe had theirs and Gabriel did some ritual to alter Luc’s and shit, he should have know...
Anna nods. "And you always stand directly behind him when confronting something."
"He does not seem to have fuzzy buttons, this is true," Castiel agrees, with a smile. He leans closer and kisses Dean's throat, relishing the noise his mate makes and the soft sigh that follows it.
"Idiot." Gabriel mutters as he turns back to the counter to dump more sugar in his coffee.
Behind him Dean hears the front door open and close, sharp and hard. Dean strokes his hand down Elle's back.
Gabriel blinks and in the space of that quick movement, the white light of his pupils become nothing more than pin pricks in the center. The Archangel takes a shaky, unnecessary breath. "You're always invited, Sam," Gabriel says like he maybe feels guilty for making Sam think he wasn't.
Jhudiel had wanted her, he remembers that part of their little session clearly.
Carefully, Sam clears his throat. Four pairs of black eyes swing to look at him and Sam smiles.
“So we take her to Bobby’s so she can trash his place?” Dean asks, rolling his eyes.
"Forgive me, three point nine. Behold Sam, the angel that invented being a
"I do not doubt that for an instant, but as I said my orders are to protect not to harm."
Sam rolls his eyes, “Luc called, it’s raining.”
There a lot of things that go through Sam's mind, ranging from apologies to comments on how whipped Dean is, but he can't seem to get any of them out. He just nods and Dean sighs, slipping past him to go up the stairs. Dean makes it up two steps before he stops and turns.
"Sister."
Castiel swallows and rolls his shoulder, “We don’t. I cannot explain these feelings. Which is why Gabriel is confused.”
It’s Sam and he tosses it on the counter to let it go to voicemail but after the third ring he frowns. After the fourth ring he reaches out and hits the answer button at the same time he hits the speaker phone.
It’s quiet when he slides out into the living room. Dean and Cas were in the bedroom, curled on the bed talking quietly while Abe sat cradled between them. They’d been having ‘issues’ of late. Issues here having the meaning of Dean being a whiny bitch about Cas being hesitant about mating.
saw it.”
Sam is barely getting through his own issues. He doesn’t even know where to start with Luc’s.
Sam blinks. Barachiel's accent had faded for a moment and his voice cracked on those last words.
"So, um, are we ever going to, ah, talk?"
"I... I can't hide anymore. I have to fight this but there are people I'm trying to protect. People I want to keep out of this battle. Family and..."
Castiel stops at the top of the stairs, watching. He'd left Dean cleaned up and sated in bed with a promise to return after checking on Elle. It felt strange to have the time now; to have family again to help take care of things. He hadn't realized how much he'd missed it until that morning, until he'd been aware that, for now, he had nothing he absolutely had to do. He'd spoken to Gabriel last night of his search for Father and Gabriel told him that he'd sent Barachiel to look into the places that Castiel couldn't. Gabriel had plans, Gabriel had
"Oi! Quit movin' you stupid wanker! It's just me!" Barachiel's voice has just the hint of his angelic nature in it and as soon as he shouts Remiel stills, staring blindly at the ceiling until his face twists into a grimace of pain and Barachiel hauls him close again.
Remiel's hand moves, lighting quick almost before he knows what he's doing and clamps around Barachiel's wrist, before the angel can reach out again and brush at his hair, tight enough that he can hear the bones in Barachiel's vessels creak under his grip. They're both silent for a moment and when he opens his eyes Barachiel is gritting his teeth in pain but he isn't trying to retaliate or even get away. Survival instinct of a grapefruit.
Chapter Nine: “Achilles Last Stand”
way to explain it away.
Michael looks confused and perhaps just the slightest bit hurt. "Zachariah assured me that..."
Sam is scraping spattered chrome off the headboard when Dean returns triumphant with three greasy bags. It had been an exciting morning, the baby had already shifted forms twice, once seemingly after getting excited about seeing a bird out the window.
He didn't expect...
Sam had sat through awkward silence watching Abe. Dean had gotten him a plastic baby walker and after twenty minutes of Cas frowning Abe had finally figured it out and was scooting around the living room in half circles. Sam sits there for a half hour before he goes to the store.
A low growl comes from inside the van, and an instinctive, primitive part of Sam's brain screams
down there was on their side.
"Anael, look at me, you can't heal him. Just calm down."
Castiel whimpers when he shouts and Gabriel is having quite enough of the strange glass twisting thing his form does every time that happens.
"Raphael has come."
Sam tries to not snort coffee, he really does, and hears his dad chuckle as he coughs. He gets a glance from Dean and Gabriel who are hunched over the dining room table, shoulder to shoulder, going over poltergeist statistics. But they stop paying attention to him when Cas walks over with two plates of french toast.
, and she was ridden by a demon for months. She held a Horseman's blade in her hand. Dean thinks it'll be a miracle if she wakes up sane. But he hopes she does. For Bobby's sake. For the woman on the phone's sake. For the haunted look in Barachiel's eyes when he looked at Emily after Remiel's slurred words in their language.
"I hurt you. I
That is when all the windows explode out of the motel in a hail of glass and twisted aluminum. They all turn to stare as room 3G starts to suck in on itself, like someone has unleashed a black hole in it.
Silence passes for far too long before the angel lets out a long noise of displeasure. "It looks like we've reached a dead end."
doesn’t want to. He taught his fledgling to fly, to fight, and to sing the praises of their Father. He didn’t teach him doubt, or loss, or all the terrible things that the angels pretend they don’t feel. Gabriel keeps all of that for himself.
Castiel sets his lips in a thin line because he knows what he always said. He though Gabriel was dead. He'd thought him killed or captured or... But that wasn't true. Castiel had known that Gabriel lived, he would have felt it if he had perished, what he had really thought, what had scared him the most. "I thought I had made some sort of mistake. I had displeased him somehow. I thought that he left because I wasn't what he wanted me to be. I thought that if I did better, if I obeyed, if I trained harder then he might return."
Gabriel sits the bottle aside and pins Dean with a sharp look. "You really want to know?"
Sam is still speaking and he's moved closer to Dean. "Dean, I thought they were over with. I hadn't had one in over two weeks and I thought the nightmares were just nightmares. I was going to tell you but you had so much else to deal with, and then you had Elle."
“You put it in your mouth,” Dean explains as he tilts the bottle up and Abe’s suspicious face turns into a pleased grin around the rubber nipple.
Dean’s hiding. He can’t even pretend that he isn’t. He’s in the bedroom watching Abe wrestle with Pig and trying to figure out how he can get dinner without anyone seeing him.
"You know," Sam says conversationally, his voice wonderfully wrecked. "Dean can at least hide his."
Luc is on all fours growling like he’s a hellhound and Abe is crawling all over the carpet trying to get away, except he’s laughing too hard. He keeps falling over and getting caught and snuggled.
Barachiel rests a hand on Gabriel's shoulder, and Gabriel is quietly grateful for his brother. He had
Castiel looks over at him worriedly, but there's also a trace of disappointment that makes Barachiel wonder how much Castiel heard. "Brother?"
Which was all well and good, but right now Gabriel wasn’t sure if he trusted
The scuffle on the front porch only lasts as long as it took for Bobby to come downstairs and chew out the two "ijdit" angels that can't seem to get a simple task done.
"Don't listen to Barach, he's an idiot and wouldn't know a good thing if it slapped him across the face. Which it did and he didn't," Anna laughs.
The looks fades off Lucifer’s face and settles into something that’s almost acknowledgement.
“No!” Dean blurts because shit, “No. I’m not. I’m just... You had a mate, I didn’t think angels remarried or dated after...”
He can hear Gabriel laughing behind them.
He snaps his fingers and with the pen that appears he circles
Jhudiel keeps telling the story. Yes. They came to save you. Gabriel wasn’t expecting War. So much blood and how he screamed. War is still laughing about it. Jhudiel's fingers clenched in his hair, pulling his head back. "Thirsty?" he says into Sam's ear.
"Where's Cas?" Dean asks softly, walking across the room to Sam's bed. There's a half full bottle on the nightstand, next to a pair of cheap sunglasses. Dean notices some of the chrome splatter has been scraped off the fake wood.
“Awesome, man. Thanks.” Dean scurries off before anymore questions are asked.
"No," Cas snaps. He clutches Elle tighter. She makes a soft, sleepy complaint which makes him ease his grip slightly. "I will protect you both." A bare bit of power rides his voice, and Dean remembers dark wings and a creature, powerful and frightening.
“Chases!”
"Lunch time ladies! And Cas." He swaggers into the room looking far too proud of himself, but of course he has a grinning one-year-old looking at him like he's her own personal God.
"Of course she is," Gabriel snorts, his tone implying that it was impossible for Elle to be anything but beautiful. But there's a sadness to his voice Castiel doesn't understand.
Gabriel is over the banister, not even bothering with the rest of the stairs and stopping at the front door, scanning the mess of smoke. Castiel swallows, trying to govern the fresh choking panic that threatens him. Some small wholly human urge to run, hide, protect his young.
Retreat would be the best option, if he had that option. There are hands on him, tearing at his shirt, trying to drag him back down the stairs. He thinks he slices a throat open before he twists and skids out into the bare open of the upstairs hallway. That’s before he gets slammed by the wave of angels that followed him and thrown through an open door.
"By whom?" he demands.
"Oh, it's easy!" she laughs, "You just get a bit of both and 'smoosh'! You have to have equal amounts or else it won't work! That'ss the key!"
"Remiel. Rem."
Barachiel tips backwards and sprawls out on his ass trying to blink away memories.
The door shatters and Dean closes his eyes.
They carved Anna's mark off him. That was what had hurt the most. Everything else had just been extraneous after that. Even though that makes no sense, he's suffered hell. He clawed his way
" Dean finally whispers.
The footsteps that follow echo in the room, a sharp final sort of noise. Jhudiel cups his head again. "It would seem Mr. Crowley that you have reached the end of your serviceability. Don't worry, we'll be sure to send you on your way."
"How do you just start throwing beer caps behind a fridge?" Gabriel asks with a snort.
"Naughty Gabriel, leaving fingerprints on things that don't belong to him," the angel breathes into his ear.
The man tosses his hands up like the cops are on him, though he's grinning. "Whoa, easy mate. Just lookin' into a rumor that’s all."
Dean rubs Abe’s head as he sprawls on the couch with the TV casting weird shadows all over the living room. Dean knows that there are only a handful of angels on Earth now, give or take. He remembers his mom telling him the histories; when angels walked the Earth, giving aid and protection to whoever needed it.
"Yeah that. Well somethin’ over here keeps lighting up like a bloody roman candle. Somethin' angelic. So I just sorta circled around 'til I found this place all covered in wards and here you are, just loungin’ about."
"Six months, and he's raised two horsemen."
“I like you.”
He doesn’t figure it out until a firm hand pushes him backwards and he so does not let out the girliest squeak on the planet as he falls onto the bed.
"I'm not the one that needs to hear that."
Castiel is curled up in a bed of heather and clover,
Castiel moves forward and cannot resist trailing his fingers along Dean's spine, and touching just briefly his mark on Dean's shoulder. "I believe Elle is about to shift. I wish to take her to my brothers. They might have an idea one how to control it."
He can hear the baby whimpering and the jittery frightened breaths of the girl. He doesn't know why Anna left him down here with them. He should be by her side if anywhere, but she'd given him those moon eyes.
Elle reaches her hands for him, bottle abandoned. "Up."
Gabriel sets the bowl aside and takes a long swallow of beer, drinking almost half of it in one go. "I..." he closes his eyes.
The back of his neck feels raw, almost burnt, but it doesn't hurt like it should. It just sort of aches. Sam pushes himself up slightly, and looks into slightly anxious hazel eyes. "Forever right?" Sam smiles, his voice sounds rough.
"He's not going to help us, is he?" Sam reaches up and tentatively touches Gabriel's shoulder.
Cas shifts and tilts his head up as his fingers slip up behind Dean’s neck to tug him forward. For a moment Dean thinks Cas is going to kiss him but he just rubs their noses together and presses his forehead to Dean’s.
"Oh fu-- bite me, Dean," Sam shoots back. "Thanks, Gabriel."
He can see Dean and Castiel making their way back down the stairs and he shakes his head. Dean is holding Elle, whose eyes are still so very wide. "Doesn't matter now. Look, these marks. She should not have these. This line here? It's like a vacancy sign for demons, any bastard worth his salt could possess her without a lick of trouble. This other one?" Barachiel isn't sure if he should explain, the words 'tramp stamp' keep wanting to bubble out of his mouth but he doesn't want Robert to pick him up and throw him across the yard. "That second one is... Well, it's Remiel's name, they bound her with his name so we couldn't sense her. Nothing angelic could. It's like a fake mark so anyone would think she's already claimed and leave her alone."
Sam smiles. “I’ll tell him to be on his best behavior.”
Dean blinks again because Elle is in her highchair right next to the fallen angel, and wasn't that a bad thing? Or were they starting to average out bad things and compared to the devil, Zachariah, and the entire apocalypse, Remiel fell lower on the chart than he'd thought. Well, they did have Crowley in their basement. Dean wants to say something, is about to, but then Cas is at his side, his hand sliding up Dean's shoulder before his fingers tangle in the short hair's at the base of Dean's neck.
She's trying to find her courage, to dig up something to say, because she didn't used to be like this. She didn't take shit from anyone, she was strong and confident. She was strong and confident in a world full of humans. She wasn't quite sure what she was now. With angels upstairs and a demon pacing back and forth in front of her like a caged animal.
Sam slides closer, brushing his fingers against the back of Gabriel's neck, then pushes them higher into sinfully soft hair. "You've been there when I needed you," Sam tells him. He doesn't want to make this a 'let's talk about our feelings' thing, but he thinks he needs to tell Gabriel this. That Gabriel
"Uh, Dean and Cas are finally talking."
He finds he wants to take his daughter flying.
out of nowhere.
Slowly, Michael lowers the book he'd been studying and levels his gaze. "Barachiel?"
He trusts Gabriel, he does, but Sam still slips his fingers between them. He runs a fingertip over Gabriel's entrance and finds him slick and open. Biting back a moan, Sam can't help but press inside, just a little.
"Emily Parish," Robert says, kneeling down next to the couch to check her vitals. He brushes her hair back from her face gently. "She went missing a couple of months ago. I've known her family for years. I tried to find her for her mother but I was... limited." He glanced down at his now healed legs.
A beat passes before the shouting from inside ratchets up a notch making the windows rattle and the lights flicker. Oh man, Cas is mad.
Castiel clutches her to his chest, sinking into the backseat as Dean starts the car and peels out of the parking lot.
"It's dangerous to come into an Archangel's nest uninvited," Gabriel says. He's shirtless, and it makes Sam's mouth dry.
"Friendly little madam, isn't she?" Barachiel comments with a laugh.
“What I want and what I need are usually different things.” Dean snaps. “I want to go back to bed. What I need to do is make sure you and Cas stop turning the house into a battleground.”
It's a woman in a black dress and the first thing Dean notices is the fire in her eyes. Great, this wasn't some mindless drone angel like the rest of them. He rolls away as her fist slams into the floor by his head. The house shudders and he hears the squeal of wood rubbing against wood. He tries to scramble towards the kitchen as suddenly all the angels start to scatter, shooting out of the house and blacking out the sky.
And Dean just said that in front of their
"Sounds good to you, Anna?" Dean asks, his voice softening just slightly as he speaks to her. Whatever affection Dean held for Anna Milton still lingers, it's clear.
"No, my lord," the demon stutters, "There were hunters. The Winchesters and that angel."
time."
Anna smiles a bit wider. "We're in a panic room that belongs to a friend of the Winchesters. I brought us here. The Winchesters and my brothers are giving us temporary sanctuary while you heal."
Castiel hears Elle's laugh as he climbs the stairs.
"Forever sounds good," Sam tells him raggedly and shifts his hips. Starts to push into Gabriel and the hot, slick clasp of his inner muscles.
They slip forward and Sam can hear the sound of wood splintering before, “Come on, sunshine. We just want to play with you.”
Castiel smiles, pride blooming in his chest to hear Barachiel praise his child so.
Dean stands by the door for a moment and thinks Cas' smile is the most beautiful thing in the world outside of Elle.
Dean is crossing the living room in order to tell Gabriel off for hogging the couch because he needs to do something besides clean the colt, again. When the devil suddenly freezes, eyes wide, and Dean feels sick. "Samuel has said yes."
Dean frowns, but strokes his fingertips over the baby's soft hair, "He say anything to you?"
“I know,” Sam says as he tilts his angel’s head up to kiss him.
"There, see?" Dean holds his hand up for Elle to grab. "Your jerky uncle fixed it."
they'd be bickering. The twins had found a reason to bicker less than two days after they were made. Michael had once threatened to hang them both from the stars by their ankles if they didn't give everyone a moments peace. "Two more for dinner I think."
He’s learning to tell when Dean’s really mad over when it’s just been a crap day.
"She's bossy just like you, Cas," Dean laughs, sounding calmer about all this than Gabriel feels. And that just isn't fair and Dean will pay for that somehow.
"It is important that she address her lion formally as he is an ally or friend and disrespect should not be implied..." He's cut off when Dean tugs him down for another kiss making Elle laugh and squeal.
Dean prays.
He doesn't know when the idiot slipped back through the wards and this bothers him. He can trace the pattern of energy that Barachiel left behind but he can't pinpoint the precise moment that he stepped off the roof and through the wards. He's already ranted and cried and had his say on the entire business of Anael and he'd gone back to guard the house once Remiel made it perfectly clear that surely Gabriel must no longer need him to guard outside the wards.
He clutches Cas close as he watches the clouds track across the sky and birds come out of nowhere to land in Gabriel’s circle. The whole house was moving around him and he felt like he should be doing something to help to... Cas turns towards him and buries his face in Dean’s shoulder. He can feel his mate’s grief like a tangible thing. Cas needs him.
Fuck.
“He is Castiel. Our new brother.”
In the space of half a breath Anna touches down inside Crowley's office. In a space even shorter than that, she takes in the scene. Crowley, her dear blasphemous, devious, Crowley, is strung up in the middle of the room, a devil's trap beneath him. Jhudiel is in front of him, knife in hand, his other hand on Crowley's forehead.
Betas: sweetsyren
“Hey Bobby,” he answers as he reaches down to ruffle milky blond hair and watch the little thing retreat back under the blankets.
Sam can hear Castiel's exasperated sigh from upstairs and Dean can't hide the smile that suddenly breaks out across his face. Sam can't help but grin at that and shake his head. "She's gonna keep doing that until you go up there."
Dean chuckles leaving his arm dangling over the laundry basket. Sammy was great when he was a kid. Course then he had to go and grow up. Dean lets out a sigh, looking down as a tiny hand tentatively brushes against his.
The noises from downstairs were quiet, hushed and it was the quiet that had made Castiel pause. Sam was on the couch, dozing, a book lying open on his chest and Gabriel stood over him with Elle in the crook of his arm. Gabriel's fingers were clever and quick over Sam's brow, weaving protection and safety as Elle peers down, curious. Gabriel smoothes Sam's hair out of his eyes before walking around the couch and settling on the floor at the younger Winchesters side, talking softly to Elle and rocking her. Castiel blinks, there are chairs free in the living room but...
Hell, he doesn't even know how she's lifting it.
Barachiel's sweet smile is blinding, like the light in heaven and all Remiel wants to do is...
Gabriel is sitting on the hood of one of the many junked cars scattered across the salvage yard, starting up at the clear night sky. If he was human he might be cold, but he's not, even though he's wrapped in flesh. The stars are calming.
A/N: I think you can tell this took forever. Apologies, we'll try to not do it again. XD
"I don't want to hear it, Sam," Dean growls, eyes still covered.
"Jhudiel said to save you for last."
"A little bit." Sam confesses. The paranoid part of him had thought they were talking about him, but the sensible part figured that the demon in the basement was more important.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mutters.
Now it seems he can.
Castiel supposed that it was a testament to their relationship that Dean didn't immediately discount him when he brought up words such as "belief" now. Of course he still made faces, faces that faded when Castiel spoke next.
Dean watches as two
Elle shifts in Cas' arms, nuzzling closer into her father's chest. Dean's heart clenches, and for the first time he feels a real sympathy for his father and his protectiveness of Sammy.
“Did you see what happened?”
That's concerning. If there was trouble at the gate then, by all past evidence, Remiel would be there. He'd kept his word, he'd protected the house, saved Anna from Jhudiel, healed Crowley...
He clenches his jaw shut and tries to pull his head away. He's got to hold out. He's not saying yes. But his head won't stay up on its own anymore and he knows he can't get away.
fledgling and now I find you here threatening my
Gabriel sighs; the suspicion is gone from his face, now he just looks tired. "I don't know, Barach."
-Susie Switzer
Castiel looks up to find his brother frowning and fears the disappointment he is sure Gabriel will feel in him. "Dean struck Zachariah before you intervened."
He doesn't know how Sam got so close without him noticing. Sam's smiling and holding two bottles in one hand and a bowl in the other.
"Promise," Barachiel nods as he gingerly runs his fingers across the small of her back while Robert holds her. Something is definitely magic there, cold and hissing with power. He sighs. "If I have to possibly lift up her dress are you going to kill me?"
"Archangels...we don't...we don't listen to that bloody prophet! It isn't done!" Barachiel looks up and his eyes are glittering. "Why would Raphael
chases Gabriel up mountains and through canyons. He flies with birds and hides in tornados. He flies into thunderstorms and pesters Raphael until the older angel drives him out with lightning. He flies little gifts to their Father. He flies down under the ocean and chases fish with Barachiel. He flies up to the highest point on Earth to watch the sunrise with the Morningstar with his golden lion in his lap.
After taking one look at Castiel’s meticulously noted log of today’s calls, Dean can’t help but blink as he slides into his desk chair. Of course Cas has this under control. He should have known. But it’s been so long since Dean had just let go.
“Just keep him out of trouble. I’d have Michael do it but I don’t think he has the temperament and I’m afraid the Morningstar would just lose him somewhere. I trust you.”
"Nah, it's Anael, I just thought this was a much more fetching vessel. Nice teeth."
"You're an idiot to have thought it wouldn't," Raven snaps at him, twining her fingers in her hair as she crouches down in the mud. "Why were you looking for me?"
He gets a giggle and he thinks maybe he can do this.
Gabriel is out in the mud for a second longer than he should be because
Sam sits up. "Two more... Gabriel? Who the hell is coming?" There's fear and accusation there, that makes Gabriel bristle, kills the warmth that spread through him like a traitorous creeping vine while he'd sat there.
"Um," Barachiel frowns until he feels the barest edges of magic, there on her back. "Can you help me lift her? Somethin's not on the level and I'd like to look before she comes to and smacks me."
"Who's a chickenshit?" Sam asks as he slides out of the hall.
him. Then comes the inevitable question,
Gabriel had said that the baby could not have been created without their Father's knowledge, but Castiel worries -- fears that this is punishment. To be given this tiny life, whom Castiel finds he is incapable of
For a moment it’s quiet on the other end, just the sound of breathing, and Sam swallows as the hairs rise on the back of his neck.
He gets a huff for his trouble and a flutter of wings.
"Yeah, I saw and I remember what you do with your friends, Gabriel."
"Yes," Anna says. "Formally or..."
learn.
Dean's fists clench and unclench. Lucifer got into his baby brother's head and did God knows what to him, but Sam didn't tell him. Sam didn't say one damn word about it. Not even after they'd reunited, after Zachariah had sent him to that horrible future were Sam was nothing but a shell and Cas was... Cas was...
demon and I would have laid down and died if I'd lost you," she whispers, laying her hand over where her mark once was. "If Remiel hadn't been able to heal you, even Barachiel couldn't have kept me in this world. I would have followed you into oblivion and given you absolution with my last ounce of grace."
He smiles slightly into Gabriel's hair. "Does trapping you in a circle of holy fire count as courting?"
Dean's forcing himself into tunnel vision, into pure hunter mode. He has to. If he even thinks for a moment about how much he has to lose...
"My Lord, bade me to come."
Sam smiles again. "Thanks. Think I can get another story out of you tomorrow night?" Sam asks, sitting up fully now.
“Okay,” Dean’s still grinning, “You’re gonna go gets some shelves. Do you need me for something?”
"I ain't fighting Crowley for the panic room," Barachiel pouts fiercely.
He's still blinking when he figures out that Emily is standing above him, her eyes wide and terrified.
There are pancakes for breakfast. Castiel is unsure if Gabriel made them or simply conjured them as the pancakes were already there when he arrived in the kitchen with Elle. Dean and Robert are already eating. Dean is sitting next to Castiel, eating one handed -- his injured hand kept him from sleeping more than a few hours, much to Castiel's distress.
It has been over a millennium since anyone has approached Gabriel and been this happy to see him. This
A moment before a chuckle, the angel is laughing, something low and amused as the knife drags down. It's only a matter of time before the burning white hot holy fire of a final exorcism builds again.
Relief rises in Castiel and it must show because Dean smiles and kisses him. Small rewards are all that Castiel can ask for now. Sweet things and stolen moments have become the only things he looks forward to. The kiss drags on, neither willing to break it for very long, until a sleepy voice chirps from the vicinity of Dean's chest.
, looking over a junked car curiously. Anna turns as Gabriel cusses. Oh great.
"An archangel," Anna murmurs.
"No, ah, how did you conjure it? Exactly?"
"Ha-ha," Dean says, rolling his eyes. "I'm going back to bed, something tells me I'm going need to rest."
“You don’t have to do that.” Dean blurts as he wonders if going back to sandwich making is even worth it.
"I should have sent you both away," Cas whispers softly, hand tight around his blade.
“I’m sorry,” Dean mumbles against feathers that he can’t bring himself to let go of yet.
Sam moves a few papers out of the way. "So, I've got a theory, if we alter the symbols and instead, bind her to someone, probably Castiel. Then he should be able to control when she shifts and know when she needs to."
"Speaking of his brother... You climbed that mountain of a man yet?" Barachiel's smile is sly and insinuating.
Dean looks torn for a moment, as if he is making a decision of a grand magnitude, before he sighs then shakes his head. "No, he still bugs the shit outta me, but I don't hate him or anything. And he... he's helped Sam. He healed Bobby," Dean looks down at their fledgling, drinking her bottle as if she hadn't another worry in the world. Trusting her fathers to keep the nest and her safe. "And you love him. If he and Sam... if he and Sam... well, I'll deal with it."
He lingers for a bit and when he comes back out there’s an angel, sans wings now, cleaning up the papers all over his floor.
"I think Mr. Lion wants a kiss to make his poor chewed on ears feels better," Dean is telling Elle. He's laying on his stomach, holding the lion, making it walk across the bed to Elle, much to the squealing delight of the baby.
He trails off and Sam looks over at him. "You haven't seen him in a long time, have you?"
He wakes up two hours later to his cell phone going off and the bluest eyes he’s ever seen peering out of the basket he’d left by the bed.
“I’m sure that deserved that.” Sam frowns over his coffee as Gabriel looks up surprised before he grins.
"This is my beloved," Cas tells him after a moment's hesitation. "Latin... It is not my tongue but it is beautiful."
"None of that now, Alexandria. Now hurry and get dressed. You don't want to be late for school," Gabriel tells him. He isn't going to leave the kid like this forever. Just for a few days and a few object lessons then poof everything back the way it was, except that Alex would be a little wiser and more empathic than he had been.
The Morningstar laughs, long and loud. A crowd of his brothers are gathering now and Castiel has begun to tremble.
“You communed with my brother.”
mark, and grins when Sam rolls over to kiss him. He's just debating if anyone heard them and if they could go again, when there's the flapping hush of a bird landing and then a shrill laughing voice.
“My hands are full, I’ve got him in the bath.” Dean explains over the baby squealing and all of a sudden the brilliant unmistakable sound of Sam laughing.
"Was now not the right time, Dean? When was I supposed to do it? When you decided she
"No," it's a soft protest, and Cas closes his eyes.
That was it, Gabriel thought, he was going to kill Barach. He doesn't know how long Remiel must have been waiting for that split second gap between the wards to slip through and if the bastard hadn't just been
"What choice?" Sam asks. He knows he shouldn't be this interested. He's telling himself that it's just something new. New information and he likes learning. But that isn't it, not really.
"I think you might be unpleasantly surprised," Remiel keeps his voice even, inflectionless, blank.
Gabriel fists clench at his sides. "He hasn't just been trying to kill, Castiel," he says in a harsh whisper. If Zachariah hadn't managed to escape, Gabriel would have killed him. He would have willingly torn out his wings and ripped away his grace.
Anna is sobbing something, half in English and half in their tongue, something about a mark and
"Shit," Barachiel breathes, moving closer to the gate and the wards.
Was it?
"No, it wasn't before the bloody third war."
"It would be a half angel. Something..." He trails off his eyes gazing past Sam. "Something beautiful. Something cherished..."
"Dean wanted to know how Lucifer knew we were here."
“There’s... There’s people here. I think... They aren’t human. Sam, one
Cas closes his eyes and rests his head against the bookshelf he’s kneeling by.
She doesn't know what's waiting for her, it's hard to pick through the sudden jumble of pain that's
Dean drops his fork and takes one of her small hands in his good one. "I know, baby girl, but you'll have to wait 'til you're older to do that sorta thing."
Castiel is reading the instructions on the back of the container of Elle's formula, he's mostly certain she does not need it for actual sustenance but Sam informed him that routines can be important in a child's life. "I do not see how making conversation can be considered 'sassing' anything."
The demon's voice trailed off, leaving him in silence again, and Remiel struggles to sense the wards. He needs to get back to them, it is his only landmark in this smoke and... He twists as Amon leaps through the smoke, face contorted in a vicious snarl, and blade tearing through the air. For a moment he's disoriented, falling, before he catches what he thinks might be a wrist and a sharp point of pain blossoms on his cheek and then drags lower. It burns and he grunts as he tosses Amon off, who rolls away in the smoke as if he'd never been there.
"Right, the wheelchair." Gabriel says in English and turns to lean against the counter as Bobby looks up, his expression unreadable. "So, are you getting healed too old man? I'm not working miracles all day, you know."
It’s also his ‘don’t fuck this up’ voice and Dean feels his mouth go dry like it hasn’t since Sammy.
“Take him inside.”
rating for this part: Rating: PG-13
Before Gabriel unleashes a hurricane and shoots off after his mate.
Finally he hears the front door slam and the house falls silent. Abe stares up at him with wide eyes and Dean shakes his head. “I don’t know either, man.”
She snorts. "You'd rather I let you die?" her voice wavers. He can almost taste the fear, an emotion so sweet but it tastes like ashes coming from her.
"Shh," he hushes her, threading his fingers through her hair.
injured and possibly delirious. Castiel remembers weapons lessons with Remiel, he's not sure that much could stop the fallen if he decided he wanted out of the house.
"Ours," Gabriel tells him non-helpfully. "She's picking it up faster than English, the little genius. Cas is teaching her well." There's obvious pride in his voice and on his face.
He floats in space, Earth a glittering blue gem in the distance, holding a still sniffling Castiel aloft by one of his wings.
"Why can I see it? Because I'm supposed to be a vessel?"
"Yeah, well don't tell him that," Gabriel grins as Sam blushes and with a ripple of light and feathers Raven is a bird again, hop-flapping to the top of a junked car.
"Look... I... I shouldn't have freaked out on you like that," Dean says, voice pitched low.
"What's wrong with her?" Robert's body language shifts as protectively as he is around the two Winchesters.
"Come lie down with me." He gets the leer again and adds, "Before you fall down."
be holding.
He laughs softly, and watches.
"Who's telling this story?" Gabriel snorts. "You humans get so much wrong. Anansi certainly thought of herself as female, especially in spider form. Now are you going to let me tell the story?"
Oh goodness.
Sam nods, because no, he shouldn't have, but... "I should have told you what was going on."
Gabriel's laugh is dry and it cuts into Dean. He needs to be with Cas now, he needs Elle.
the unspoken "idjit".
blue eyes that are staring at the closed door.
Bobby sighs and mutters something under his breath. Castiel politely pretends he doesn't understand it.
It’s just hard to come to terms with Luc. He’s eighteen. In human terms he’s an adult. In angel terms he’s still a fledgling that wasn’t even supposed to be away from the flock for another twenty years. On top of that he looks like he’s fourteen. All gangly limbs and messy hair.
While Dean and Castiel deal with their newest addition; Gabriel learns that the first lesson was the easiest, while Sam clings to lessons learned in fear.
It’s a baby angel, curled up in a pile of plaid blankets with messy white-blond hair and a set of wings that were more grey downy fluff than anything else.
Dean dips his head slightly. "Sammy's been acting weird since Gabriel left," he says changing the subject. Castiel isn't surprised. Dean has never liked to talk about feelings. "I swear he's fretting or something."
Zachariah has moved into full-on ranting territory, which is probably why he doesn’t see Dean. Hell, it all happens so fast Sam almost doesn’t even see Dean. In two steps, he pushes past Castiel, presses the baby into his arms, calm as you please, and then punches Zachariah right in the face, hard enough to make the angel shut up. There's a cracking noise that Sam has the feeling was Dean's hand.
Dean will never know Cas like this. His fingers tremble around the coffee cup. He hadn't forgotten -- he knew what Cas was. But it was -- it is --
and that's the shit that gets you killed. He knows it's his brothers. He can feel the surge of grace splitting the sky open and rolling towards them. What he can't figure out is why there's so
Barachiel holds his hands up.
"Yeah, that hurt didn't it?" Barachiel chides. "Silly bastard, come here."
Dean leans closer, resting his forehead against the side of his head. "I know you'll try. But she's... we gotta put her first. You'd be able to protect her better, you'd be able to hide her better."
Sam stalls going to sleep as long as he can before heading up the stairs. There's nothing really to do but watch Emily and that's sort of creepy. It's too early to sleep, it's only just nine but it had been a late night and a even earlier morning. He hears sounds, low and strained, coming from Dean's room, and he's pretty sure he knows what they're doing in there. He shuts the door of his bedroom behind him and stares at his bed for a long moment. "Jesus, Sam. You've slept alone before," he growls out loud to himself.
Sam kisses Gabriel, Archangel of the Lord.
because the position Father left him in didn't have any power like this."
Dean looks towards the motel room door and scowls. He thinks about going out there and demanding answers, but with his luck, Cas and Gabriel have gone to Mars or someplace to talk.
Dean comes downstairs after washing his face and pulling on a pair of jeans to find Sam frantically washing the golden lion in the kitchen sink while the baby is wailing and shrieking in Cas' arms. Bobby is at the table with his hand over his eyes, shaking his head. Castiel is talking to the baby in that flitting tongue and after a good ten seconds of watching all this and listening she quiets down. A moment passes before she reaches out to Sam. "Bath?"
"I really wish I was," Gabriel sing songs, dragging Sam's t-shirt over his head and proudly examining his handiwork of bruises and one very perfect bite mark on Sam's shoulder.
"Cas was supposed to tell you," Sam says, then shakes his head. "But I should have told you
"It's probably barbed, you're gonna have to..." Barachiel whimpers like Elle when Gabriel trails off but they shift him and Castiel opens his eyes, tries to not see the stricken looks on his family's faces as Barachiel pushes the blade through Remiel's shoulder until he can pull it through the other side.
"Haha, cute," Dean mutters.
"I am of the singular mind that you want to lose that limb, Barachiel."
He can make out a silvery mark just between the baby’s wings along with other tiny sigils. But... his Enochian translating skills kind of suck.
And Dean stares, mouth hanging slightly open, at the colors playing across the sky. Angels true forms burned peoples eyes from their skulls. Dean knows this from experience. He never thought that light could be...beautiful.
Sam knows that voice. That's Gabriel's voice.
“It was a gift to me from some time ago,” is all that Castiel says as the baby quite busily starts to chew on its head.
Castiel turns back towards the bed; and Dean and the baby. He sits down on the other side of the bed, and reaches a hand out to trace Dean's features, relaxed as they are in sleep. The worry lines are smoothed away, and Castiel wishes they could always be so.
The look on Gabriel's face turns from exasperation to joy to... "Ah, fuck it."
Sam didn't know what he was doing, he couldn't. Gabriel shifts into a sitting position and as he does so notices a weight in his jacket pocket. Reaching inside he finds a bar of chocolate wrapped in a piece of white notebook paper, its edges torn. Sam must have slipped it into his pocket at some point during the story. How hadn't he noticed? He'd been too caught up in his own words and the lulling comfort of Sam's strong heart beat, that's how...
Jhudiel is frozen as Remiel steps past Anna and stops in the space between Jhudiel and Crowley. It's a protective stance and Anna feels her heart jump in her chest as memories of home and safe and
Lower back.
Cas gathers Dean close; buries his face in the crook of Dean's neck and pushes in as deep as he can go. Dean feels the full body shudder as Cas comes, feels him spilling deep inside him. Then Cas sags against him, trembling.
"Well, that was a great way to wake up in the morning," Gabriel sighs. "Let's never do it again."
He is also wearing a crown of woven flowers that Gabriel
He frowns and gives Raven the 'I will so fuck your shit up later for this' look which just makes her beam up at him with those fake puppy eyes she's so good at.
"It's kind of complicated."
Dean points to the laundry basket next to his desk and there are a dozen warnings in his head about keeping her emotions in check and he’s sort of shy...
is only made better by the fact that Raven squeaks and snaps her beak a few times but ultimately falls silent. Sam Winchester has stricken Raven speechless. Gabriel is pretty sure that Sam wins a couple of bets that have been in limbo since the beginning of time. Sam looks at Gabriel far too sweetly amused as he tries to not laugh, he's more or less successful by the time Raven croaks out, "Mate!? What!?"
“Him?” Dean asks because all the adrenaline from ‘holy shit there’s a guy in my house‘ is starting to taper off and he kind of wants to sit on the floor himself.
Dean frowns at the pan in the sink and then at the baby who is making pitiful retching noises. “Aw fuck, I was hoping that was a myth.”
"What?"
"Don't be over dramatic," Gabriel says dryly like he'd heard Sam's thoughts. And maybe he did. He's probably not as nice as Cas about that whole thing. "Castiel doesn't hate you. You didn't do it on purpose and Lucifer was going to figure it out sooner than later. If Barach put it together, the Morningstar would have."
"You'd have to catch me first," Barachiel says, a teasing challenge in his voice.
Castiel hadn't thought of that but now that he has he knows that their sister must be frantic.
Sam's rolling thrusts are met by Gabriel, who shoves back like it's all he knows how to do. He pants Sam's name like it's a benediction. There are other words, some he recognizes as his name, others slip from his grasp, Latin, Greek, bits of Enochian. Sam responds with Gabriel's name, "Gabriel." "Gabriyel." "Gabrielus." "Gabriēl.". He promises forever, promises his heart, his soul, and Gabriel whispers the promises back into his mouth.
“Umm, about that...” Dean hopes Cas read his mind because if Gabriel said anything he was gonna kill him.
“Well, what the fuck is it then?” Dean asks because two could play that game.
Cas hums against Dean's skin, then slides in a second finger. The fingers don't move, just rest inside Dean's body. When Dean tries to push back against them, Cas holds his hips still with a hand on his hip. Dean doesn't whimper, he doesn't because Dean Winchester doesn't whimper.
The phones have been suspiciously quiet.
Michael leaves and Dean gets Castiel moving.
"And your secondary orders?" Castiel asks, evenly.
Dean refuses to be proud of an almost word.
, the thing takes
"What rumor?"
would be an acceptable plaything for a baby. Drool slides off the lion's back and drips off it's tail. Oh yeah, he's definitely going to have to figure out some way of washing that thing.
you who gave Zach a kicking. Only logical conclusion, innit?"
Dean gets half a second to blink before another guy pops into his living room and he’s gonna have to lay down some rules about that. Only this guy has two pairs of golden wings on his back and Dean suddenly remembers his dreams for the last two weeks. The feeling of hopelessness as people he didn’t know worked their way towards him.
He hesitates for a moment. "Nothing important. I had neglected to teach her the difference between father and... Father."
Gabriel takes a breath, then shakes his head, then sighs. "You're going to pout if I say no aren't you?"
It's not the word for father he'd taught her Castiel realizes. Has he not taught her
"No," Dean hisses, "You name her and you'll get attached. And there's nothing to prove that..."
A blur later Sam is standing behind Gabriel in Luc’s living room. The camp lantern that the kid uses to read is on it’s side and there are pages from a book everywhere. Sam pulls his knife out just as Gabriel flicks his wrist and is holding his sword.
He's almost out of the room when he hears Barachiel laugh and say, "Of course she would like the bloody lion, was always your favorite as well. Never saw why."
"Oh? Different is it?" Barachiel stood and slipped his hat back onto his head, nodding solemnly. "I didn't know it was
Sam had finally ended their frantic arguing by taking the hose to them.
“Well…” Anael tilted his head just as the snuffling sounds and the crush of grass began.
The apocalypse pushes on, whether the players are ready or not.
Barachiel is panting as the angels suddenly rise up into the sky and he sees Remiel, blinking on his hands and knees. Right as he sees Emily in a heap out on the porch. An angel is over her and Barachiel hears her scream just as he lets loose his spear and kills the bloody thing. Remiel gives him the sign to go and then he's on the porch, scooping Emily up and trying to get a bead on the others when the air hums and presses in around him.
Sam lifts his hand, without examining the urge too closely, and brushes his fingers over Gabriel's.
Sam swallows the fruit. "Thanks."
she doesn't even know. But they're being knocked around outside like a soccer ball and she can hear
Gabriel swallows and blinks, "Barachiel!?"
"I think you're quite aware of the myriad of reasons to not bring some helpless mewling thing into existence at this time. Which is why I'm so surprised, Sam." Lucifer hands are folded behind his back and he shakes his head at Sam like a disappointed preacher. And that comparison is a little sick.
When he’s gotten control of himself and wiping the tears off his face he realizes that Gabriel and Luc are looking at him with the same amused expression that makes Sam smile. They’re more alike than they realize.
"It's really just about spending time together, like anything else," Anna finishes as Sam blinks.
Gabriel takes a deep breath and
Zachariah stands in the doorway, smiling. He looks entirely too pleased with himself. Sam can make out flickers of shadows behind him, but whether they're demons or angels he can't tell. It takes a split second for Castiel to be in between the angel and Dean, who is holding the baby.
Sam grins, “I bet he did.”
“You cannot change the past.” Cas whispers as his wings resettle around Dean.
Crowley awakens to darkness. Darkness doesn't bother him, not normally. There's a warm weight against his chest, and the scent of Anna fills his senses. For a moment, he thinks they're in one of his bunkers, safe, and hidden behind layers of wards.
His dad pulls away the blanket and Dean feels his stomach drop.
Castiel is standing and Dean is left holding empty air as the angel turns. "Dinner is ready. You should come down."
Castiel nods but he’s still got that look on his face. “We will not be overlong but I... Could you guard Abdiel until we return?”
Anna flinches. The pet name digs at her, carves whorls into long forgotten wounds. It was the name Jhudiel always used when poking and prodding at his captive sister. When he was trying to teach her, trying to
He gets bitchface and a sharp glare for that. "No. Dean wouldn't do that. Not to Cas. They weren't... I don't even think Cas knew what he wanted from Dean yet. He was still reading from Zachariah's playbook then. And Anna was human."
He looks at the bear then back at Bobby.
Sam lumbers up the stairs and Dean obediently follows Bobby, pain, exhaustion, and relief at them all being safe for a few hours catching up with him. Castiel is only a step behind Dean, as if he's worried to let Dean out of his sight.
Gabriel notices this as Castiel occupies himself with a set of stones that Gabriel has fashioned into a family of three and a dog for him. Somewhere along the line he’d acquired a lion made of gold, a soapstone giraffe, as well as a horse and a bear made of brass. Since that morning though, he has also acquired a dozen little clay birds and a wooden boat that Gabriel has never seen before.
Anael! Michael!?"
into existence?”
"I promise I'm not trying to be a giant pervert but she's got some sorta magic on her and I can't quite..." He gingerly slides up the pink dress, thankful that she's wearing leggings since this is already crazy awkward, hell, this was probably worse than that time he fell asleep naked on top of the Royal Bank and ended up on the BBC. But then he blinks, because there across the small of her back in twisting pink scars are two lines of symbols that very much should not be there. He swallows and very carefully presses fingers across them, pushing past the magic that's blocking him and feels the familiar twisting warmth of a human soul. Something in him clenches and for a moment he sees green fields, Remiel sunning himself on that rock in his old vessel, the steamy rich smell of fabric dye and that voice telling him to keep his fingers out of it or so help her she's going to...
He gestures with his head to Castiel, who follows him out the door.
With a quick movement, Gabriel flicks his sword forward before he makes a loop and Sam nods. Gabriel vanishes and Sam swallows before he steps forward.
He looks up from his contemplation of Dean and the baby to Gabriel. "Gabriel," he starts then pauses.
Cas spends the next couple of seconds blinking before he frowns, “You have a library?”
Dean snorts and gently places Elle in her crib. He strokes his fingers over her tiny features, before covering her with a blanket. "It's already done, you can't change it," Dean says as he straightens. "I think the more pressing issue is
. But it's Gabriel and for all the reasons Sam should have to be wary, to fear this Archangel, this Trickster, he holds his ground.
"Yeah," Anna agrees. "We tried to find some allies among the demi-gods, but let's just say we were lucky not to be attacked on sight by some of them. Even some of Gabriel's "friends" wanted no part of it. As long as the world isn't destroyed they don't give a shit. They'll protect their followers but they won't help us fight."
"I got your note, you giant girl," Gabriel teases.
Fuck. Of course, of course it's Lucifer. He's not even dressed up as someone else this time. He's... Nick. He's in flannel and jeans, looking innocent, looking comfortable and he's... Sam suddenly feels his heart jump into his throat. All the furniture in the room is the same. All of it, down to the wooden crib that Lucifer is frowning into; running his fingers along the railing.
“Is this tree sap?” Gabriel frowns, “Please tell me this is tree sap.”
“Brrrf,” the baby replies, clanking the spoon he’s gotten a hold of against the side of the sink.
“Shit, was I?” Gabriel lifts his head.
He's missing something, some detail... Why had Amon stopped attacking?
And Dean's suddenly wondering what that would be like, for Elle to go missing, to have something happen to his baby girl. He cups his hand over the back of her head and kisses her forehead.
Gabriel crosses his arms, “And how will you get to Detroit without me?”
"I can't," Anna sobs bending her head back over Crowley. Gabriel watches as she tries, stretching out her grace around the demon.
but somehow it's different, it means something else.
"Lord Zachariah and Lord Jhudiel," is the hushed answer. As if she fears punishment for speaking.
they would go. Gabriel, maybe, could hide them. He can sense his older brother just outside, just as he can sense his fledgling, happy and content, as her Uncle entertains her. Father, what should he do?
Well shit. If John didn’t have the rep of being a fucking hard ass Dean would say that he was trying to do something nice. “You could have gotten me a dog.”
"I was one of a kind, yes."
Dean can’t figure it out. Gabriel just stares at him now with this look on his face like he can’t quite figure out if Dean is worth being around. He was pretty sure they were like friends before that but now... It’s gotta be something he did because Gabriel still talks to Cas, scratch that, they start off talking and then end up bitching each other out while Dean hides in the library.
Sam lays on the floor panting and wonders why he’s not getting torn apart. He lifts his head and swallows. The angels are crowded in the doorway, blank eyes and fury twisted faces.
So he's pretending that he's really trying not to eavesdrop when he hears Bobby's voice, soft and tired, but gentle.
"Bad enough that I'm calling this whole "apocalypse" a load of bollocks." Barachiel flicked the cigarette into the grass, "There isn't a thing in heaven or earth that would make Michael fight his Morningstar again. He'd die first."
“I’m so sorry.”
He runs his fingers carefully over her head and down her back. Gabriel doesn't quite know what he's looking for until he finds it - grace, tiny and new born dwelling under her delicate human skin. He holds an impossibility.
Gabriel chuckles at the same time Dean grins and the tension breaks. Cas and Gabe exchange a look before he slips Abe into Dean’s arms and leans over to steal Gabriel’s coffee.
Gabriel scowls. "Castiel did what?" he demands sharply. Another thing Castiel as been keeping from him?
She cries like Castiel did the first time he had suffered a small hurt.
Emily is shaking, she doesn't know exactly what's going on. She knows about the apocalypse and angels and devils but she doesn't know why. They gave her Elle which she doesn't think is a very good idea, oh God. The poor little thing is whimpering against her and it's all she can do to hush her and rock her back and forth.
"Never leave home without it or your American Express card," she laughs, and nuzzles his collar bone again.
"Our nest," Sam corrects and slides back into the van.
Finally, Castiel dips his head slightly in greeting before he in turn greets Remiel in their tongue, Gabriel is a bit smug that Castiel does
Castiel wants to say that it was probably Gabriel's intention that she live but that's when things turn frantic again. Barachiel is in the doorway carrying Remiel, the fallen's face painted with blood and Gabriel is behind them, barking at Barachiel to take him to the kitchen. Gabriel shoves the kitchen table over as Barachiel settles down on the floor with Remiel in his lap. Remiel's coat is dark with blood and it smears on the tile floor everywhere it touches. Castiel hears Sam hiss behind him as Barachiel pulls Remiel up and he sees the handle of the knife sticking out of the fallen's shoulder.
“Maybe a couple of minutes,” Sam swallows as he tries to remember the last time he heard his dad in person. “It wasn’t too long before Ash pulled it.”
"We won't tell him?" Sam frowns.
“No one is gonna make you go back to the Home. You gotta stop freaking out,” Gabriel shifts so he can drag his fingers through Luc’s hair and he spots Sam leaning in the doorway. “That’s not what John said. John said that they were gonna want you to stay in custody of known Hunters. Come on. What am I?” Luc grumbles something and Gabriel grins, “Besides an assbutt.”
Castiel is holding --
Her dark eyes glitter as she nods to herself. "Everyone said you weren't serious, that you're just playing, saying you're an archangel. That you've got agendas. You don't actually have any. You're telling the truth. That's the real trick."
Something in Sam's head is telling him that this is strange. Gabriel's hands are on him, but it's the look of concern on the Archangel's face that makes Sam stop. Gabriel isn't worried about Elle or Cas or... Gabriel is worried about
Jhudiel sighs and Sam hears the sharp familiar cry. His head snaps up. Elle.
"Come on, cupcake, be gentle."
Across the yard, Castiel sees Gabriel grin at the sight of him and Elle. She makes an excited sound, and waves her lion about. "Stars," she calls in delight. "Uncles!"
"Am I invited?" Sam asks and the smile comes easier that it should have.
“You think so?” He reaches out as Gabriel presses against his side, his wings rippling into existence and coming to curl around Sam and Luc.
Dean moves closer to Cas, giving the baby his good hand. "Dean," she coos happily, then reaches for his injured hand. Cas pulls her tiny hands away.
Castiel nods and carries Elle downstairs and out into the yard, passing Robert on the way out. Robert pats his shoulder as he passes. "Thanks, son," is all he says, but Castiel is warmed by it.
"I stopped courting you Barachiel, because it was never going to amount to anything. I wasn't what you wanted." It is a resigned answer, a much repeated and memorized one.
Barachiel doesn't turn. He just sighs and hangs his head. "I'm sorry Gabriel. I got angry and I... my mouth got away from me. I don't even... I'm not even sure he's going to remember anything I said anyway."
“Gabriel… Please?”
Gabriel really means to say yes, he minds, even as he blinks at the objects Sam carries. "No, have a seat, Sammy."
Castiel sighs, a soft contented noise. He allows himself to simply be.
A grin spreads across Gabriel's face, honest and true. He brushes his fingers against the back of Sam's neck, against the mark. "Yeah, forever sounds good."
Eventually there are blue eyes again and Dean smiles as he runs his hand over fluffy wings and tweaks little toes and cheeks.
"No one any of you need to fear," Gabriel tells him sharply.
"Dean," Castiel breathes, searching for the right words. It would seem that Dean knew that he had known about Samuel's dreams before Dean had. He shifts his hands and finds that he's still holding the bear. "Robert told me to give this to you." He holds out the stuffed toy to Dean.
Then Gabriel is turning away back towards the counter and the bowl of strawberries. "What do you think Sammy, waffles covered in strawberries for breakfast?" Gabriel asks tone light and easy.
Sam takes a step back as Gabriel is in front of the newcomer in record time.
Dean groans as Crowley and Bobby drop him in a heap in the laundry room. Anna is dragging the washer free and shoving it up against the door as Bobby shouts. "Emily and Sam are still out there!"
Dean blinks because that’s the first time he’s ever heard that in any sort of genuine tone. It was always ‘you could have handled that better’, ‘taken care of Sammy more’, ‘paid more attention’. Why didn’t you know Sammy was with a demon? A litany running through his head for the last three years.
"Daddy," Sam corrects as if by reflex.
"Then let's leave him happy for now," Sam says, untangling his hands from Gabriel's shirt.
"And don't do the angels don't eat bit. Cas already did that, but I'm not trying to find a place open at two am because missy there is hungry and screaming her head off. Sam's also getting sunglasses."
The angel stops mid chew, “Oh. Gabriel didn’t say any of that.”
"Also, technically I'm his mother, and before you ask; yes, he calls me 'mom' because he's an asshole and takes after me."
with them, that could have cost them, that could have cost them so much.
“No, that was more the Metatron’s fault than yours.”
"No," Sam says, a sharp edge to the word. "I mean I'm happy you told me, but I'm not happy it upset you."
“And I could have left him in the Home to turn out like that Lucifer kid. Don’t smart ass me. Besides,” John says, standing. “I think you were the one that was always complaining about how Hunter’s kids get a shit deal, never having a real home. I figured you’d be the last person to throw him out.”
Gabriel's fingers tighten around the railing for a moment. "No. And he's not who he was before the first war. I'd forgotten that."
She swallows again and isn't sure if she should say anything but... "What's your name?"
Remiel smiles, a slow indulgent thing. "I perceived a sudden breach in your wards so I followed, expecting danger. I know now that I was mistaken. You can tell that idiot he can stop hiding behind doors, I know he's in there."
them. "I've never..." Sam's breath stutters in his throat. He wants this but there's a thread of uncertainty in his head. He's never done this before with well... He's never felt like this either not since Jess. He takes a deep breath. "Do you want to...?" Ugh, he's a grown man, he should be able to say it.
“You guys can stay here if you want. I’ve got room and it will keep other Hunters from hassling you.”
Cas comes back thirty seconds later and plops a sleepy Abe in the middle of his chest who blinks and promptly curls up on his chest.
Sam sighs and leans forward in the chair. The distance is small enough and his arm is long enough, that it isn't hard to reach across and tuck a bit of hair behind Elle's ear. His fingers brush against Gabriel chest by accident and Gabriel goes very still.
"You going to stand there all night?" Bobby asks, coming up from behind him.
Castiel looks.
There's a sharp inhale of breath and Dean jerks his head towards the source. Sam is looking towards the crib and Dean knows that look. He
They tear the roof off in a cyclone of shingles and nails but before they hit the porch Rem is there. A ringing chime reverberates through the air as he slams his wings out and drags Barachiel and Emily to the ground wrapping his wings around them. Barachiel doesn't know what's happening but he holds onto Emily as best he can and curls against Remiel. He prays.
"Keep an eye on him?" Sam protests, but Dean is already tugging Cas up the stairs.
She feels Gabriel stiffen beside her before he takes a deep breath. "Maybe they'll want to talk things out."
Cas' tenses. "Dean..."
“What!?” Dean is laughing now and the blue eyes looking at him curiously. “I managed to raise Sammy without killing him.”
It’s menacing and threatening enough that for the space of a heartbeat Sam is almost worried, of course then his brother opens his mouth and "almost" ratchets up a notch.
They stand there together in the dark watching the lights and colors dance and shimmer across the sky.
There are symbols carved into Emily's flesh and bone, there is Remiel's
Dean makes a noise that might be an agreement.
“No,” Gabriel pouts, like when Abe knows he’s gotta put his clothes back on after a bath.
Barachiel is screaming like a barmy drunk now but at least Michael has looked up, he's listening. Even if he's shaking his head and furiously trying to return to his papers. "I never... Castiel?"
Gabriel sighs noisily and stares up at the sky. "Fuck this place."
There's a split second when Anna looks like Gabriel, all devious and downright naughty. "I don't know. You did feel the need to tell everyone and then some about Crowley without giving me a chance to explain."
He's not quite sure about the boundaries of touching, Anna hadn't elaborated on that too much, but Sam figured with Gabriel being Gabriel he could wing it. So he wraps fingers around Gabriel's wrist and tugs in the barest of invitations.
“Why did you leave?”
Anna nods. "We talked to Barachiel and Remiel before I came in, and Castiel will speak with Dean. Gabriel probably would have wanted to talk to you but..." she glances out the front window towards Gabriel. "Just give him some time alone. He's... maybe if you two were... he'll come in when he's ready."
Oh for the love of... He knows when Barachiel shifts and he could probably do something about it but instead he just lets the insufferable fool reach up and poke him directly in the middle of the forehead.
Huh, what?
It’s like feeding a shark. One second the bag is there and the next second its gone. Sam grins as Luc sits up, his feathers all rucked up and his hair flat on one side, so he can properly destroy any and all plastic keeping him from sugary goodness.
Which meant more fighting between Cas and Gabe.
Gabriel shakes it off mentally and starts in on the chili. Spicy things and sweet things have always been his favorite and the chili is just the right level of hot. He's aware of Sam glancing at him every now and then but mostly the boy stays quiet and gazes at the stars. Gabriel tries not to watch Sam's fingers on the neck of the beer bottle the way they skim and circle. He tries not to notice how Sam's leg brushes against his or how the steady rhythm of Sam's heart calls to him.
"You damned harpy! This is not relevant to the conversation!"
Then he turns his attention to the woman who is standing in the road.
“I think we can get by without a crib.” Dean frowns.
"What is it?" Sam asks as Gabriel pushes past Bobby into the living room with Barachiel on his heels.
Shit.
He tilts his head to the side slightly... Castiel is with Bobby down in the cellar making sure the panic room sigils and wards are holding up. Dean is in the kitchen, gun parts strewn across the table as he methodically cleans them. Elle is fast asleep in her crib after spending the first part of the day climbing over every person that would let her and trying her best to get to point B from point A under the power of her own little legs.
The human has that pitiful begging,
Sam's lying on his bed, and the baby is on her stomach beside him. She's tucked up in a baby blanket and wearing a white onesie that Sam bought at a thrift store near the Walmart. They're at the last of their money now.
wash over her.
"We thought he'd be more straightforward about it," Barach finishes. "But the way he's carrying on, you'd think he wasn't in a vessel."
"Do you remember your little human
"If you do not want us then I will take Elle and go," Castiel finally says. Though he's not sure
Elle giggles happily. "Elle kiss lion," she declares and catches the lion in her hands. She kisses the lions head, then drops it to the bed, and pats Dean's face. "Kiss daddy?"
He hears Sam walk across the room, before he comes to stand beside him. Sam's still holding one of the books he was looking at, and it occurs to Dean that Sam must have seen some of the lights from the living room window.
"The first war?" Sam breathes, a little amazed to hear it spoken about like that. As something that wasn't a myth; something that was pain and violence.
unfurling in his chest as he pulled Dean's soul from hell.
is down there, Michael."
Anna nods, her face is still wet, but she's trying to pull herself back together. Bit by bit. Gabriel knows he shouldn't be surprised, this is his sister who fell without fear, who took back her grace, escaped Heaven's forces and refused to simply hide. She was and is far braver than he.
"Shit, Cas," Dean murmurs, his fingers coming up to trace over Castiel's cheek, warm and comforting.
"Wait, wait," Sam tugs on his hair as he tries to lick a stripe down those abs. "You can't bring up something important, like you have kids, and then try and cover it up with sex."
“I asked first,” Gabriel frowns over Luc’s dirty blond hair as if he was offended Sam would imply he wouldn’t.
"You explained! You explained all day without actually saying anything! We are not going to talk about..."
Sam stops and frowns, "A horse?"
Sam is breathless when the archangel finally breaks the kiss, muttering, "So pissed..." against Sam's lips before he and Anna are headed to the door.
Dean’s in the kitchen pretending to make coffee and trying to not freak out. His dad is out in the living room, leaning back in the recliner, with a baby, hold on...
The whole damn kitchen is nodding like it's a job well done and Dean is standing by the stove wondering when the hell he turned invisible.
Gabriel snorts. "She's still less grumpy in the morning than her father." He plucks a strawberry from the bowl and hands it to Elle. The offering seems to appease Princess Winchester, as she shows it first to her lion then starts to nibble at it with her baby teeth. "Sleep well, Samuel?"
worry if they trust Crowley fully or not. He's also sure that Crowley's worry for Anna had been genuine, he hadn't told Anna that, how the demon obviously worried for her. He figures Anna already knows.
He pushes the thought away as he follows the sound of Elle's high bright laugh and Dean's deeper one. He finds Dean and their fledgling in the room he shares with Dean. Castiel smiles fondly watching Dean play with Elle on the bed.
Dean lifts his head to see Castiel’s blue eyes sparkling as Abdiel crawls over Dean’s shoulder, sticking one chubby baby foot on Dean’s head for balance. Abe squeals when Cas crosses the room and scoops him up.
All of this was written around the end of season 5, start of season 6.
The baby squirms in Castiel's arms, and Castiel holds her a little tighter. His hand ghosts over baby, soothing her. He gives Gabriel a wide-eyed look.
Dean sighs. "Fine, okay, take her to meet her other Uncle," Dean tells him. "I should check on Bobby. Let him know he's got two Archangel's under his roof."
She can get behind that.
Anael is laughing, politely behind his hand but Gabriel still groans and rolls over.
"I know you don't trust Barachiel, Dean," Castiel starts, but Dean catches him by the tie and tugs him down. He barely has time to adjust his balance before Dean kisses him briefly, but fiercely.
They have seven whole seconds before Dean loses sight of Gabriel and the others outside, before there are hands and faces shoved against the windows, breaking through the glass, splintering the front door. There's no way they can hold their ground when push comes to shove. The colt runs out of bullets before Dean can even fathom a break in the crowd in front of him. Castiel's holding his ground, while Dean sees Sam get shoved up the stairs as he keeps slashing. The angels are falling, easy to take out but there's just so many.
“‘M fine,” he gets out before he looks up, “Are they done?”
"Look, don't give me that look," Gabriel growls. "This isn't some historical romance movie on Lifetime. Just don't die. I will be fucking pissed, you hear me?"
"Let me take care of you," Cas tells him, pressing kisses to Dean's shoulders.
It took Dean a week to figure out that Cas could talk. He just didn’t. He walked through the house like everything scared him. It was a strange comparison to Gabriel who wouldn’t shut up and wanted to know, taste, see, touch
“I’m not sure where her interest in clothing stems from…” Castiel straightens as he attempts to reclaim his tie.
Castiel finds he wishes she would and that she would shift.
"I thought we were going to talk," Cas says, putting a hand between them.
“Oh, Gabriel.”
“What?”
He pictures the circles and lines that make up her angelic name.
Anna and Crowley are sitting in a huddle on the floor by Michael’s feet, pouring over one of Bobby’s notebooks that they both seem to be adding text to one at a time. Remiel is talking to Lucifer, keeping up with the pacing as the devil nods and Remiel occasionally grabs a sheaf of parchment to present it to him from Barachiel who stands there with his arms full. Dean scans the room and sees Emily asleep with her head on Bobby’s desk, a blanket thrown over her.
Remiel finds it difficult to keep up his meditation when he knows that Barachiel is standing
Sam blushes as Gabriel jumps out into the mud, shutting the door behind him. Raven has assumed the form of a skinny girl in torn jeans with a hoodie sporting a picture of a shotgun and the words 'Zombie Repellent', her long dark hair chimes musically with all the trinkets woven into it as she shakes her head.
“Why’s your brother pissed?” Dean asks and watches the smile fade.
"I'm fine," Dean, protests, shaking his head and blinking, "It was just like looking right at the sun for too long. I was more worried I'd drop her, it was like holding static electricity."
He surges forward, tearing the angels off her when there are dozens of hands on him, twisting him down and away, pulling him into the swarm. He hears Dean shout and for a moment everything is dark, smothering. Then an angel falls, then another, and before he knows it the only hands on him are Dean's. Dean's face is bloody and his left arm is hanging limply at his side. Castiel feels the terror and the grief roll off him even before he looks up.
. His throat goes dry and any witty comebacks tumble out of his mind. He wants this human, he wants this feeling all the time, he wants to horde it and roll in it and... He's only very suddenly aware that he's smiling like an idiot, humming under the praise, when Sam blushes. There are a hundred things he tries to get out at once, truths, lies, backpedaling, he's half rising from the car as Sam's eyes flash to the ground and...
“Yes.” Castiel says and Dean can hear everything unsaid that sits in his stomach like knives.
"Bobby's going to have to let Cas through the wards," Sam says softly, as if not to wake the sleeping baby.
"And you don't cry your way through sex either," Gabriel smirks, heading out onto the porch. He can hear the bickering getting closer. Something about a boyfriend... oh this is going to be good.
"Hmmm? Oh well, all the love and admiration floating around, you get enough of it you know and you can transmute it into anything," She rolls over and Gabriel steps back to protect his shoes. He's not sure he likes that look on her face, "It's what I always did for the sodomites. It's how I can tell if they're
He gets a hand tangled in his hair and Gabriel's mouth devours his. His hands run down Gabriel's back, sliding into the gap between his waistband and his skin. Gabriel can't seem to keep his hands off Sam's skin. They run across his back tracing things into his skin as Gabriel had done with his neck, Gabriel's fingers digging in between his shoulder blades as if Sam has wings. Those clever hands skim along the top of his jeans, then over Sam's trembling stomach and up over his chest, all the time tracing sigils, runes and letters into Sam's skin.
Dean is whispering harshly to Castiel. "Why do we need him? We can handle this. It's not permanent."
Sam doesn't comment on the slip, barely notices it because he knows how Dean is going to take this. He knows what Dean's going to think about Sam keeping this from him. It'll be another lie, another reason Sam can't be trusted
They're going to be the death of him.
Robert shakes his head. "After that long with a demon riding her, then an exorcism? Damn miracle she's alive." there's something not quite right with the flow of it as it is"
Gabriel bites the words off Sam's lips. "No. Perks of the job. You can't hurt me."
"No," Gabriel growls. "He's just gonna want to mindfuck everyone like he always does."
“Go on. Finish that sentence," a familiar voice says from behind Zachariah.
Summary: Mates are taken and the storm finally breaks.
She takes it and starts to drink it hungrily. Castiel runs a hand over her hair.
Then Abe whimpers. It’s a soft noise but all of a sudden all of the awe and power just drain out of the guy and his face just crumples as he breathes out, “Abdiel...”
. How's that workin' out for you anyhow?"
"Well, tell him that," Gabriel snaps and Barachiel shivers.
"Angels don't knock, Anael," Barach points out, yanking his hat off and running his fingers through his hair.
"Why are you frowning? Don't frown. Frowny time is over."
"Hi," Sam cuts into Ravens tirade which is ballsy as hell and only makes Gabriel want him more, now, all the time, whenever he can get it. "I'm Sam Winchester, Gabriel's mate. I don't believe we've met."
Gabriel frowns and shifts Elle in his arms before he drops her, then snaps his fingers. A highchair appears, all polished wood and Sam; Sam starts laughing. Gabriel turns and glares at him, which only makes Sam laugh harder.
Then he hears it, Elle's sharp piercing wail.
showed up in Central Park, summoned by a jilted warlock that couldn’t control it. It started burrowing into skyscrapers and stealing virgins, the media scene was so huge that all available hunters had to go after it. Which included Sam and Gabriel.
Considering she fell asleep with Metallica playing, Dean thinks that more than a little funny. "Yeah," Dean agrees then frowns. He has hand cradled against his chest and looks at Cas and the baby through the rear view mirror. Cas hasn't let her go since, other than to Dean briefly. She hadn't shifted once and it was the quietest she'd ever been, other than some of that odd language she spoke to Cas. "Baby girl back there might need to be let through them too."
And more often than not Abe wants to sleep with Dean.
She takes a sip from the flask by the door before she drags her blond hair back into a ponytail and puts her hands on her hips. “Well, where is he?”
The baby stirs a bit at the sound of Dean's voice, and Sam smiles. His eyes are slightly red rimmed. "Talking to Gabriel outside."
"No! Do you know how it has hurt to see you turn from her? You act as if you care for her then treat her like a she's a curse that you hope will soon vanish!" The windows shudder as power seeps into his voice. Dean winces and takes a step back. Then another. Castiel follows. "You claim you love me, but you shut me out. As if I was something to be dismissed."
Cas comes in a few minutes later and gets to sorting books with a ferocity usually reserved for going after werewolves. Dean turns and leans back in his desk chair, rocking slightly because Abe loves that.
The first time Sam had brought Gabe to meet Luc could really be categorized as a complete failure. Gabriel had been ridiculously excited and Luc had been completely terrified. Sam blames himself. He’d only told Gabriel that they were going to see another angel. Not a flock-less fledgling that lived in a house that was one broken window away from being condemned.
She gives Dean a sloppy baby kiss on the side of his face, and Dean leans up and kisses her forehead.
"It was years ago, you were about eight I think. John had left you boys with me while he went on a hunt. You both had the flu and a motel room was no place for you boys," Bobby says carefully.
Gabriel doesn't sigh, but he wants to. Of course Dean wouldn't do what he was damn well told, but its a good idea. One he wishes he'd thought of. "Right, the panic room. Think it's safe enough?"
Usually he stays still though.
Anna and Barachiel share a confused look before Barach straightens. "No, not exactly that of course, but they're already mated, the rules are a little more iffy for them. A mated pairs' all necks and wrists, and I know you can't see it but wings too. Heh."
“Which brings us back to the horsemen?” Michael frowns.
“An army took out Gabriel?” Lucifer frowned because that didn’t sound right. Angels and demons couldn’t have done this to his brother.
Castiel just walks around the house like a ghost.
“I think we should go to the bakery,” Sam says.
“Yeah,” his dad breathes.
"I will not leave you," Cas hissed and Dean winces as more of his true voice intermixes with his human one. "You are my
"Kiss!" Elle squeals.
A snort. "You wouldn't."
"Hello? Shit, please let this be the right number..."
Raphael is holding her, patting her back as he leans in the doorway.
“Calling in every favor he’s owed,” Castiel murmurs. “They all are.”
The knife flips again in the air before it's caught and dragged in a fine burning line down the side of his face, dipping down to his throat. He's done, he has nothing more to offer and the angel knows this. The angel was waiting for this. He holds the image of Anna in his head as clear as he can imagine, her bright eyes and that ripple of red hair, like spilled blood on the pillow case. He imagines her frowning, smiling, laughing, the faces she makes in the throes of ecstasy. He hears her calling his name, just talking about houses and music and normal things. How she'd pull his papers or book or cell phone out of his hands and demand his attention. Her fingers brushing over his collarbone, tracing the mark she burned onto him. The last thing she said to him was "Be careful".
“Chases? What’s ‘chases’?”
The angel's expression is blank before he leaves, "Of course."
“Raise? Are you to teach him to walk and talk as well?”
Gabriel is in the kitchen, cursing out the coffee maker in words Dean’s probably better off not knowing. There’s no coffee actually made and he’s got seventeen voice mails.
"Don't go alone, Gabriel. Take someone..."
"I am not sure," Castiel manages as Dean pushes past his brother, coming down the stairs to settle his hand against the back of Castiel's neck. It's warm, comforting and Dean tugs him a little, until he turns and they are pressed together, Elle between them protectively. Castiel feels the panic in him quiet.
"Remiel," Gabriel growls.
The baby flails her arms towards Dean. "Dean," she whimpers. Castiel looks slightly affronted.
Gabriel doesn’t come home for an hour. Not until Sam is in the nest with Luc curled up in his lap, his left wing bound with most of the blood cleaned out of his feathers.
"My apologies, were you speaking to him?" Remiel asks, calmly dusting his hands off before he pulls Anna to her feet.
"Bottle!" Elle confirms.
Dean watches her for a moment. "She cried like she was dying before Zachariah showed up."
His complaining dies down to an, “Umm...” because, this wasn’t exactly what he was expecting.
The angel is quiet. Way too quiet. Finally Dean turns, leaning against the kitchen counter and crosses his arms.
Gabriel feels an anxious clawing at his throat. This is too much like... he shakes it off and forces a smile. That's easy enough, he's had practice at that. He vanishes the bowl of popcorn and produces two candy bars out of thin air and tosses one to her. He switches back to English as he tells her, "Come say hello to the new fledgling."
"He is lying! That is a complete lie! I did not
Chapter Six: Since I've Been Loving You
“You dislike people leaving more than you dislike fighting.”  Gabriel says with that head tilt that Cas is fond of and Dean wonders if angels in the same flock pick up each other’s habits like married couples do.
"Giggles!" She squeals when she sees him and tackles him into the hay, already putting those beautiful tongues to work.
"How bad?" Gabriel whispered, not wanting to think of it.
Sam thinks this sort of smile looks good on him, he wonders if the Gabriel that Castiel knew long ago smiled like this more. "So that's what she was telling you. What language is that anyways?"
Gabriel nods, “Yes, and he gets bored and he wants to play and see Father and see ducks and see people and chase clouds but he can’t fly very well so the idiot just jumps off of things and thinks it’s fun when I have to drop everything I’m doing to go catch him.”
Luc ends up not going back to his ‘creaky dump’. Sam pretty much figured he was sold the second Cas showed him the library. He still argues with Gabriel at least until someone threatens to get the hose.
Castiel looks torn for a moment before he says, "She's a baby," there's a note to his voice, as if challenging Gabriel to deny it or dare say that what he's holding is something else.
"Now, if you want..." Anna starts, with the slightest smile. "You can have him sit on the right of you and that means you're interested in more, the next step if you will."
"And us?" she asks peering up at him.
Anna bites her bottom lip and it's such a human gesture. She lives in her skin more than any of them, even Barachiel and Gabriel. She understands more than any of the angels what it is to be human. "Very bad. There's no sign of Lucifer. Not in any of the towns we passed through and no one could remember anything, but..." she paused then shakes her head. "Gabriel thinks Michael's involved with whatever happened. He won't say it, but the traces are there and he forgets I was a garrison leader."
Dean glances away but their fingers meet on Elle's back. "He's not going to lose me."
"It is fine. I did not wish to..."
"We'll deal with that diplomatically," Gabriel says, expression softening.
"What's wrong with Dean's hand?" Gabriel asks, looking over a cup of coffee that smelled more of sugar than anything else.
Both of the angels nod as if Sam completely knows what's going on. He hasn't exactly thought about him and Gabriel. Okay, scratch that. He's thought about him and Gabriel. Kind of a lot. Kind of more than he probably should have been. But in a courting sense? A chocolate and roses sense? No, that was a little too chick flick even for him.
Barachiel turns, wiping his face with the corner of his sleeve. He sniffs and takes a breath. "Michael didn't even know what decade it was, much less what the hell was going on down here. He kept saying that Zachariah had it under control. I don't think he's bothered to check anything in years, if ever. He just let Zachariah do whatever the hell he thought best."
There are sharp things Dean could say, that he wants to say, but instead he nods. "Yeah, I think it's all three of them and Elle."
"Well, you're just hittin' them out of the park today, aren't you?" He manages a weak smile for Robert as the man gestures towards Emily, "At least tell me you can fix this."
"I believe it was Remiel."
Anna laughs, some of the lines of worry smoothing from her face. "He's feeling better then," she shakes her head, picks up the beers again, and then heads down the steps. Sam wonders for a moment if he should go down and make sure the door locks behind her, but decides to let someone
Sam smiles slightly. "Yeah, but my brother's obsessed with it. Careful or he might propose marriage to you, when he finds out you run a bakery."
"We tried to save her..." Remiel's voice is rough, distant. He's still hunched over by the couch, his eyes closed. "Don't think we didn't try."
Author's note from the original posting in 2010:
Making faces aside, Gabriel follows him to the bed and lets Sam undress him down to his undershirt and boxers. He's like a little kid who's tired but not quite convinced that this whole "bed" thing is the solution to his problem. Sam turns the light off and drags Gabriel under the covers with him. The house is quiet, a change from the chaos that had broken out... shit, it hadn't even been an hour ago. He can hear low voices coming from Dean's room across the hall, though Elle's quiet now. It's peaceful but it takes long minutes before Gabriel finally sighs, something long, utterly exasperated and at the same time pleased as he twists, making himself comfortable buried under the covers and against Sam.
Sam's still standing there, pressed maybe closer than he should be against Gabriel's side, fingers curled around the crib railing, watching the baby, when Gabriel's hand settles next to his, just brushing the edge. That probably should freak him out, but it doesn't.
"What’s the matter, Alex? I thought you liked girls with big chests?" Gabriel asks.
"Yeah, I heard how distracted..." Gabriel mutters, his eyes keep straying to Sam's hand, where it's still wrapped around the hilt of the blade he gave him. Sam's about to lift it, to offer it back when Gabriel rolls his shoulder and turns. "I need a walk."
Lucifer remembers how he raised War. The exact symbols and the shade of blood that flowed from the cup. Michael rises, scooping Gabriel up with him.
"Gabriel," Sam breathes because shit, this is his
Gabriel and Cas are scrambling off the couch and Anna instinctively covers Elle who's in her lap. Sam and Bobby come pounding up the stairs from the panic room.
Dean decides after all that he might as well take a nap, but he’s definitely gonna bitch when he wakes up.
A beat passes and then in the blink of an eye one the giant guys is in pieces on the floor. Gabriel slams his wings out and the woman screams. Then Sam is rushing forward. Sliding through the gap in the fight to crawl through the hole they made in the basement door.
Robert's face turns stormy. "What?" he demands.
Dean half wonders what Bobby is censoring, he kind of remembers that week, being so sick and wanting his dad, but dad wasn't there. "Seven, I wasn't quite eight yet."
the one sitting below you, it means you pretty much have the choice."
He kicks off his boots and peels off his pants. A quick rummage through his bag comes up with sweat pants that don't smell
Dean hmmm’s in the back of his throat and tries to figure out how to get honey out of feathers.
The week after that is a blur. An honest to God
"Come on, it's late. I've sent Barach out on some errands and I'm on watch. You should try to actually sleep."
Suddenly Barachiel straightens and slips into that lilting chiming tongue, his expression serious, and Gabriel answers him back. Sam swallows as the conversation flies back and forth with Barachiel getting more and more agitated.
He thinks of Castiel, small and shrieking, before he remembers himself. "Later perhaps. I am called Raphael. Do you have a name?"
"Crura illius columnae marmoreae quae fundatae sunt super bases aureas species eius ut Libani electus ut cedri," Cas whispers, voice hoarse and wrecked. He kisses Dean's shoulders, neck, cheek, any part of Dean he can reach. Finally, Cas' tongue runs over his mark on Dean's shoulder, and Dean falls.
but he's not sure if he's allowed, or if he's assuming too much.
Sam sees his brother stiffen, and hugs the whimpering baby closer. Oh yeah, Dean can hear just fine.
"Baby girl, you've gotta quit that." Dean shifts her higher as guileless blue eyes stare up at him and Castiel turns.
He crosses the room and as he looks down at the pair of them his smile fades. His face became something sharp and furious. Anger that Dean hasn't even seen in the devil coming off him in waves.
-Charlie Lamb
Sam hangs his head as the front door shuts.
"'Kay, apparently the demon was here to kill Rem."
Sam shrugs, it's not a master plan, but it's a plan. “We go to Bobby’s. It’s a stable place and we can lie low until this is all…”
Gabriel chuckles. "Me, Barach, and Metatron did something like that back in the day. A lot of its still there, big tourist attraction in Ireland. Of course it was Anael's idea to stack 'em like that."
"Gone?" Gabriel asks, frowning, Castiel can almost see him thinking, the half dozen expressions that cross his face. "Gone where?"
Then Cas speaks low and hushed, “This is a very hypocritical situation to be in for someone as adverse to cuddling as you claim to be.”
Castiel starts to raises his hands for the baby then drops them. He fixes Gabriel with a stare, and Gabriel sighs impatiently. "This is different. This is
The baby makes a pleased noise and flings herself forward to claim it, waving it in the air with an excited squeal.
Original a/n's from Jun 9th 2010:
Dean can barely see through the blood in his eyes. Even with Cas' sword it's damn near impossible to guard. His arm fucking hurts from where someone tried to drag it out of it's socket and he's got a dozen scratches and bruises. The numbers are thinning though. A shit ton took off after Cas and he could almost see the sky again out the windows. He holds his breath and slashes out again and again. Cas will get Elle. He'll do everything he can. Dean just has to do the same. He's spotted Emily, holding her head, under a bookcase, thankfully not getting trampled. If he can work his way to her and then drag both of their asses to where Bobby is...
"Are you going to hide from your boyfriend again?"
"She doesn't seem unduly affect by today's events," Cas says softly, bending his head to kiss Elle's temple.
"Yeah, but Bobby might get pissed about archangel blood all over the floor." Sam grins.
It was cool here and everything looked the same. An unending ripple of gray and paleness. Barachiel sighed, this wasn't home at all. He hurried then, not wanting to remember what this place was before Father left his children to fumble in the dark.
"True," Castiel nods as they make their way back to the house. "Though it could have been...."
"Another experiment, Father?" Gabriel whispers to the air before snapping his fingers.
Mendel glances towards the fledgling again. "Will she...?"
They watch him make his way down the road, counting out a perimeter before he fades from their sight.
"Help?" Dean has had about enough of this shit. Why the hell would Michael help them? Why the hell would Sam even think that? What the fuck was with his brother and the angel and this chick flick touching all of a sudden?
Anna."
He has to laugh because of
"Surely not," Remiel crouches, listening, "This smoke will only last for a few hours at most."
, Dean breathes to Castiel... to his mate. He’s right. Lucifer is left alone, to contemplate, to stare at the sheen of his brother’s blood on his hands.
Cas flushes slightly. "Barachiel, this is my -- this is Dean and our daughter Ellen."
Dean blinks and looks from Castiel to Elle who is introducing her lion to her bear and... Dean is laughing again. Castiel frowns at his mate. It is not a laughing matter, and really he only has himself to blame.
Remiel whines and pushes against him without doing much. He's starting to tire out at least, maybe if Barachiel just sat on him... But now Remiel is a mess and he's just begging, saying please over and over while Robert is looking at Barach like he needs to fix this
Just like that the decision isn't Gabriel's anymore, and it's rather pathetic how grateful he is. "Alright then. Barach, stand guard out here while I get Crowley and Anna through the wards. Cas, give her a hand with him." Gabriel rolls his shoulders and looks at Dean. "Dean? You get the honor of explaining this to Bobby."
Gabriel clutches his burden to him and shoots up, out into the darkness.
So Gabriel does whatever he wants, Dean does his fucking job, and Abe sleeps, eats, and gets into shit.
coming up with great ideas lately so he'll take the praise where he can get it, and because Gabriel stopped being a restless mess as soon as Sam had gotten close to him again. This was something he could work with. He bends, and presses a kiss to the spot behind Gabriel's ear, smiling at the noise Gabriel makes.
“Luc,
Dean bangs the back of his head against the cabinets. "She's my friend and she saved Cas' life," he says, swallowing explanations and protests. Gabriel doesn't deserve those, only Cas does. "She was acting like she was going to go mad out there. Like Crowley being hurt was killing her. I want to know why."
Michael is sitting there, with his papers in his lap, just as blank and lost as he'd been when...
"After all the gifts and sitting and blades? Then what?"
Besides he’s too little to make an awesome god yet. Right now he’d be Abdiel, guardian of Pig and slayer of jelly doughnuts.
Or maybe Michael really just didn't give two shits anymore.
He and Sam freeze. What the hell?
"I was not aware that I needed an excuse to be with you."
Dean nods. "He'll give you a kiss first," Dean says, and makes the lion 'kiss' her nose.
And while this little punishment Gabriel's decided on isn't completely poetic or ironic in the Alanis Morissette sense, Gabriel is quite pleased with himself. He takes another bite of candy, and watches as the boy looks at himself in the mirror. He makes a high pitched horrified sound as Gabriel laughs.
drawing one of his blades into this plane. He hands it to Sam ignoring the looks from his brothers and sister. "Take this and guard the door."
But Dean is watching Barachiel, who is a man... well, an angel on a mission. He's opening all the cupboards and raking his hand through his hair until it's sticking up again. He's wearing a suit that makes him look like a total tool and he's lucky he didn't get shot. They gather in the kitchen as Barachiel finally finds a new bottle of whiskey, he lets out a triumphant cry and twists the top off.
Years of broken pieces fall into place. "I know."
Dean blinks, "Sammy?"
The whole flock.
“Being an assbutt?” Cas says and then frowns. “That lost a lot in translation.”
"I'm what!? You can't just name her without..."
Dean rolls his shoulders. "Talking to each other last I saw. Elle was a little worked up and they probably wanted to compare notes on me being an idiot."
"Michael?" She breathes and feels Crowley stiffen from where he was getting up.
Gabriel shakes his head. "You always did have to have something on your head, Barach. The hat is better than all those laurels and flowers you'd have in your hair when you came home from a trip down to earth."
“Isn’t that your entire menu?” Jo looks concerned.
Which is where he’s hiding now because he hates fighting, his brother and his dad having used up his patience on that forever ago. He’s trying to translate Cas’ notes from this ridiculously old dictionary thing that Bobby sent him while Abe sits in his lap playing with a Rubik's cube that Dean found in his desk.
He can't help but laugh at Cas' fond but exasperated sigh. "I'll get the bottle, you stay up here and play with her," Dean kisses Cas chastely and climbs to his feet. Elle crawls from Cas' lap into the space Dean just left, babbling to Cas in angelic.
"Michael loved the Morningstar almost too much, his fall, his betrayal... It broke something," is all Gabriel says, though Sam can hear the memory in his voice.
"He was going to know sooner or later. Calm down," Gabriel lifts Sam's chin up and brushes his hair out of his face. "It wasn't your fault. How long has this been happening?"
"She shouldn't shift forms in her sleep," Gabriel interrupts. "I'm not sure how to prevent her from shifting completely, and she's too young to control it herself, I'm betting."
Castiel nods. "Yes,"
"So, Gabriel is like..." Dean frowns as he tries to wrap around the situation.
"Daaaadeeeeee!"
He's up in an instant, out the front door as Barachiel leaps off the roof. He'd been complaining that Anna had taken off and it was sudden and she didn't tell him anything and it had started to border on whining so Gabriel had sent him out to check the perimeter. As long as she hadn't shifted the wards when she left he wasn't exactly concerned. Anna was a big girl, she could take care of herself. But as he and Barach ran towards the sound of sobbing he wasn't so certain.
"You couldn't look after...? Wait, I thought angels just..." Dean's eyes flickered to Elle for a moment before they settled on Castiel again. "Got poofed into existence."
"I think that something was bound to happen sooner or later. Then the Winchesters slotted into that prophecy of his too well to ignore. As it is in heaven so shall it be on Earth." Gabriel rolls his shoulders, thinks about his words to Dean and Sam in the warehouse and regrets them.
Then everything adds up in a rush and he jerks his head back towards the house. Sam knows. Sam
did."
"Yes."
“What exactly are these marks that showed up on my back?”
The kitchen is silent for a second, too much hope and anticipation in the moment, before Bobby breaks the silence.
Dean gets it then. They’re gathering an army. A force strong enough to go against Zachariah. They’re bringing together everyone to fight, for Earth, for Elle.
Elle giggles as Barachiel stands, rubbing his shoulder. "Damn, Castiel. I thought you were Robert for a second."
"What?"
The sound Gabriel makes is nowhere near human and one of the windows cracks. The light above them flickers then dies, leaving them in darkness. Lightning illuminates them through the windows, each bright flash painting shadows across their skin as they move together. Sam doesn't know why his ears aren't bleeding.
Spoilers: Up to 5x10
"I think Ellen is the perfect name," Dean tells him, eyes warm and honest.
The demon approaches in fear, head bowed. He's failed in his mission, and living to tell the tale might be worse than having died at the hands of the Winchesters and their pet angel. But he has news, and he might be rewarded, if not forgiven, for it.
"Are you stealing peoples watches, baby girl?" he kisses the top of Elle's head.
"Don't mean now. Worst case scenario, when... if things get really bad," Dean feels the tremor that runs through Cas. "You know I'm right. Gabriel said that... Lucifer... if he's not gone, he might help protect Elle if it comes to that. You're his brother."
"Barach, Rem, you two stay together, if they break through the wards we're gonna have to set up a perimeter as quickly as possible. Anna, you're with me. Cas, stay in the house, you, Dean, Sam, and Bobby are the second line of defense. As soon as we can get out of here, we will."
"Barachiel!" Anna hisses as she comes storming up to the porch and Sam tries not to start grinning at the pair of them. They're almost worse than him and Dean.
your brother would listen."
Sam is trying to not call bullshit on this whole thing as his dad makes Luc tell his side of the story. Cas has taken Abe back to bed and Dean is at the dining room table writing everything down. Gabriel is pacing like a caged lion in the kitchen, it’s making Sam nauseous to watch.
has been answering the phones.
Cas pulls the same shit on him at dinner when he brings him tomato soup with rice and Dean is silenced by the fact that no one has made him that since his mom. He’s also trying to remember when Cas figured out cooking.
A door opens and footsteps cross over broken glass. He hears the demons shifting, restless and his head flops down when the angel lets him go.
Cas' lips part, and Dean's sure Cas is going to ask him to stay. But he can't, he
He can hear footsteps. Four demons, one angel. Demons that he thought were firmly in his pocket. He should already know everything there is to know about turncoats and betrayal. Well, you learn something new everyday.
Angels are sensitive, they read minds, and Gabriel hates to beat around the bush.
The smell brings everyone down and Castiel takes a bowl out to Barachiel and Remiel in the barn. Sam isn't sure why because angels don't need to eat... but then Barachiel, like Gabriel, seems to enjoy eating.
"Everything alright, Sam?" Bobby asks climbing up the steps and Sam has to marvel at that for a moment, that Bobby is healed.
Dean's fingers drag over his arm. "Cas..."
“Big!”
"Talk?" She sits up blinking and confused, she's drunk. Pru always was a fan of Bacchus. "Gabriel, you never want to talk."
Bob's your Uncle and he was in.
"Define wise," Gabriel mutters. He is not going to hear the end of anything now, but it wouldn't do if Remiel was just the distraction for something else. They needed some protection and he knew Sam could wield it.
A noise comes from what's left of the living room and standing there, with Barachiel and Remiel and Emily is... Lucifer.
"Three, can I take your pants off now?"
Gabriel presses his lips together, watching the wards glimmer and shift around the perimeter of the salvage yard. He thinks of Sam begging and threatening to have his brother back; of Dean willing to go to hell in trade of his little brother's life. "Dean Winchester would die before fighting or killing Sam."
“I believed you would appreciate using the dining room for it’s intended purpose.” Castiel replies way more smoothly than Dean.
"He's my
Those clever fingers stroke back up his spine with only the barest hints of pressure. "We can stay in bed a little longer," Cas says softly, nuzzling Dean's ear. Dean tips his head back towards the sound and sensation. "She is fine with them."
came from Anael, he just can’t prove it.
"Jhudiel."
Sam climbs out of the Impala, and Dean follows. He hates riding shot gun, it feels weird not being the one that drove his baby. Hand still cradled against his chest, he sees Bobby coming across the yard and puts on his best careless grin. Bobby's already scowling, and he probably knows something up given the fact the Winchesters are supposed to be a state away.
"Samuel?" Castiel has gravitated towards the porch and is doing the concerned head tilt.
"Oh?" Gabriel leers before a softer smile settles on his features, though it doesn't quite reach his eyes, "Why?"
Sam's not sure what to say to that. The angels proclaimed her demon free and not everyone remembers details from when they were being ridden. She goes back to concentrating on the pie and Sam dishes up a bowl of stew. He snags a beer from the fridge. He'd bring out chocolate if he knew where to find anything.
“Yes, all the usual. Flight, fighting, beliefs. He should grow rather quickly.”
"Castiel was... different."
of staying out with those Maenad's all night and then passing out..." Remiel starts.
Lucifer knew where to find us and how he knew about Elle?"
Very slowly, Castiel smiles back.
the angel had crooned, carving symbols into Crowley's flesh. He told Crowley of Anna's torture in heaven, about how he'd touched her wings with his blade and made her weep. Crowley had... he'd been thankful he didn't know where Anna was, couldn't betray her to end his own pain. Wouldn't have to see any hand but his own on her.
take that someplace else?" Sam's voice cuts in, all whiny and distressed. "Some of us would like to eat dinner sometime this
He can hear Luc crying from down the hall. He bites his lip before he carefully makes his way to the bedroom. Gabriel is sitting in the middle of the nest with Luc in his arms. His wings are out, both golden pairs wrapped around Luc as he sniffs and says something unintelligible mid-sob that has Gabriel frowning.
"He defied heaven's orders to save Dean Winchester." Gabriel says quickly.
"She did not like Zachariah," Castiel says softly.
“No meat,” Dean frowns. “But you’re totally okay with shoving bee barf in your mouth.”
"I'm sure he'll be happy to. I sort of already tore him a new one," Gabriel confesses.
Sam just rolls his eyes and glares at his brother, "Like you have any room to talk."
“He started it,” Luc breathes as Abe tugs on his shirt.
That was... He couldn't... The complications of something like that would... If he... He'd be bound... He couldn't... Barachiel stops, his eyes trailing over the smooth scars across Emily's back before falling to Remiel's finger's, stained red before he nods at Robert. "Yeah, I can."
There's silence while Gabriel drains half his beer. "I don't know," he finally says. It's honest and raw, and it shakes Dean just a little bit. "Something like that has never... was never supposed to be."
“I need you to take point on a project.” His dad is using his ‘serious’ voice which sounds almost identical to his ‘not serious’ voice but means more work for Dean.
“Get off your damn ass and get it yourself, beer ain’t essential.” Which is the usual answer.
"I told you, Castiel defied heaven's orders to..."
“Play?”
God, let him be able to handle this.
to him. But it's not like Dean's the talkative type either.
"Kutiel had such power of will. The leader of his garrison, strong, capable. When his mate Muriel died during the Second War... he just gave up. Laid down and died. His love for our Father wasn't enough to keep his soul on your plane or ours," Gabriel's voice drops to a low timbre and he's not looking at anything particular. "Anna, she might have held on. For Barachiel's sake, but she wouldn't have been Anna anymore. Not truly."
"No, your
Gabriel gives him a strange look but makes his way down the hall. He can hear them quietly talking. He thinks it’s the most Cas had said since he got here.
It was lifetimes ago, pushed so far back in his mind that he'd thought he'd forgotten. Only Barachiel had shaken everything free. Reminded him of days that weren't spent in the pit, days when he could see the sun and feel the breeze on his face. Days where Barachiel would take him flying and point out interesting things to him. Interesting
“Um,” Luc bites at the edge of his lip before he frowns, “Maybe?”
"You were
Carefully and unsure, Mendel gives the fledgling over. "She's so tiny," he ventures. "And her grace is so bright."
“You know, you can hear that
Mendel smooths his hand over the shadows adoring the fledgling's head. "Shortly after she... sensed Lucifer's vessel. She has calmed some since."
"Gabriel," Castiel says in pure relief. There's still a slight bit of panic in his eyes and voice.
He's a giant bastard and when he twists a little too far Crowley spits blood on his immaculate suit. It isn't the first time he's done it. But the red fades slowly as if were never there to begin with and the angel just sighs again, bored. He's got a blade in his other hand that he's flipping end over end, catching it repeatedly. The light from the lamp that's fallen on the floor glints off it in a spiral of white. It's making Crowley sick to stare at. They've been asking him about Anna-Anael for hours now and about a baby and those damned Winchesters and a dozen other things that he thankfully didn't know about. He and Anna don't talk about things like that. Family things, work things. It's safer that way, just in case shit like this happens.
"When I'm done fixing Elle's bottle. I don't want her waking the whole house," Sam points out. "Or sending up big 'something angelic is here' signals."
And just like that Dean finds himself on the edge. His stomach tightens, and he can almost taste it. He just needs... he needs something but Cas keeps it easy, keeps it slow.
She laughs again, and rolls her shoulders like she's flapping her wings. "I can't do a lot, can't hide anyone. It's not like the old days. If the shit hits the fan I can barely hide myself and Seagull."
"Not long enough, Amon. What do you want?"
Anna sniffs. "Crowley is a perfectly fine name."
"I wanted to," Sam says softly, making himself comfortable against the wall but within touching distance of Gabriel. "I was worried. You didn't come into the house," he wants to say
She's holding Death's blade.
Amon laughs, a true laugh, not something mocking this time. "I am truly sorry for this, Remiel. If you would side with us, I could be most merciful."
Gabriel exhales sharply, and turns his head away from Dean, another beer appearing in his hand. "They cut her mark off him, burned it from him. She should have been able to heal him but with the mark gone... angels only know how to kill and destroy demons, not heal them." He stops as if debating something with himself. Dean's hand strays up to his own shoulder where Cas' mark sits, and he swallows hard. "We were lucky Remiel returned. As a fallen... there are things he can do that even Michael can't."
Barachiel is quiet but doesn't move, Dean can see the inhuman stillness of the Archangel out of the corner of his eye. He doesn't give a shit. If the guy wants front row seats let him have them.
Well, that
Silently, Castiel turns and makes his way back to the bedroom. Elle is fine, safe and he is in no way what Dean would call a "cock block". He can't blame his brother though. Some humans are simply compelling, he's found that out. Though it is odd to think of Gabriel in this way and Sam is not what he would have expected his brother to covet. But then he never expected to find
Barachiel's eyes go cold for a moment, then he shakes his head and slides a finger over the rim of his hat. "We'll talk about it later, hey?" He flips the hat off his head and spins it in his fingers making Elle laugh.
"Thank you," Barachiel says to no one in particular as he leans Remiel against the couch. He shuffles over on his knees after cleaning all the blood off himself with a thought. He's trying to not look up at Robert because then he'd look guilty and he wouldn't be able to explain why. He feels silly because okay, she sort of looks like Eala, he'll give Rem that, but the hair is all wrong and he can't sense anything that...
The look he gives her is something strange but he smiles, like a villain with a twirly mustache and it makes something in her settle.
“Yeah,” Dean's voice is shaking, “Let’s go to Bobby’s.”
Years.
Dean drops the phone at the same time that Elle loses her grip on the pocket watch. He sees it spiral in the sunlight as it bounces across the kitchen floor and Elle turns in her seat to watch it. Remiel smiles and Barachiel laughs as Cas bends to pick it up. It's all happening so slowly and Dean blinks once at the phone that's swaying back and forth on it's cord and...
Castiel straightens and turns. The morning sun makes the edges of the angels dark hair glow and he’s in a rumpled white button down and pair of dark slacks. His feet are bare and Dean realizes he’s never noticed before just how
Elle shrieks once as the windows vibrate with an inhuman scream. She buries her face into Castiel's shirt and clings to him.
Dean frowns before he scoops the baby up, “Come on, let’s introduce you to TV.”
"Uh, I'm not sure if this is a good thing..." Barachiel starts in English and Dean sighs.
He’s not sure whether he sees Cas more or less after that. He’s always in the back room now and Dean can hear the soft noises of paper shifting. Abe’s usually in his playpen in the hallway. Positioned so both Dean and Cas can keep an eye on him.
He's at the bottom of the stairs just as Gabriel and Sam appear at the top.
but gets tangled in this throat and on his tongue. Cas seems to understand, and his fingers ease out of Dean's body.
He's tired of making excuses. They only end up hurting people he cares about.
"Yes! Castiel! The fledgling! Who's mated and has a little'un of his own that the bloody prophet tried to
Lucifer smiles, “Take Crowley. Gather them. Gather all of them.”
Dean's not sure he even
Remiel is bringing him up to speed on the utterly desperate attack that Zachariah has launched against the household while the righteous man has a breakdown in the corner.
“You’re human,” Gabriel breathes. “You don’t understand flock.“
"But..." Sam flattens his hands against Gabriel's back.
Dean is a second away from saying something stupid because duh, of course. But then he thinks about it. Cas hasn’t left the house in two months. He’s also never let Abe out of his sight. Dean’s pretty sure that this is a thing. A big thing.
"No."
"No," he tells her softly in his own language. "You cannot, Elle." Castiel tries to take her hands away but she makes an angry distressed noise that attracts everyone's attention.
"Give her to me," Raphael sighs. "I have dealt with a fledgling before and she has an injury that needs tending."
"What did you tell him, Barach?" Gabriel's hands are white knuckled on the back of a kitchen chair.
Castiel is still fighting when Gabriel slips out of heaven with nothing but his grace and the gaping roil of emotion that he’s been hiding for years.
a human, and my parents gave me a perfectly good name. I'm now Anna," she tells him, crossing her arms over her chest. "I think Father would understand."
“You claimed him?” Dean blinked. That was news. His dad usually didn’t give much of a shit about anything nowadays. Unless he could kill it.
It’s his
He’s in Dean and Cas’ room.
That's a normal trick of Barachiel's. He's trying to start a game, some sort of frantic play that will lead to whatever he wants it to lead to. Remiel has chased Barachiel enough in his lifetime to know that he won't be caught unless he wants to be and even then, never kept.
"Well, that's all fine and well, but can we go back to 'vacancy sign for demons'?"
“It’s a crap nest. I didn’t know you needed a crib.”
A/N: Super extra more thanks to sweetsyren for making Barachiel actually British sounding. XD
He doesn’t hear the front door open but he feels the warmth behind him before a hand comes and rests on the back of his neck. He knows from the light questioning press of grace that it’s Cas.
