"I wish you were alive," Sherlock whispered finally. Then he stood up. Looked down at the gravestone. He didn't move again.
It's not like Sherlock was going to be aware of scissors cutting at his hair, or John's hands combing it into place. He wouldn't even be able to sense if John were to slap him right across the face. Not while he was in his mind palace.
“Margaret, what’s the commotion out here…” Harry looked once at Sherlock and quickly pushed him away.
"Fine, yes, thank you," John said, handing the lights over to Sherlock. "Just...just twirl it around the leaves."
After a minute, they decided they would quite like to breathe, and they broke apart. They breathed heavily, Sherlock’s hot breath on John’s ear. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, and he smiled.
"You've been abroad a lot."
“Good, daddy,” said his daughter. “Where’s Sheh-Lock?”
“Then what’s—"
"He will. He just needs time, I think."
"Okay, fine," Harry said. "But just so you know, my party's on Christmas Day. The day after yours. So if you're not too hung over on eggnog or some of that delicious whiskey you've got over there, then drop by at the party. We'd love to see you over here."
Sherlock stuffed his hands into his pockets. "No," he said. "Let's just get out of the park."
"It's Mycroft, Sherlock," John whispered. "He's dead."
Sherlock had to tell him. He just had to. That was the last thing he’d do before anything else could occur. Sherlock had to tell him.
Sherlock hadn't said a word during the entire session. He was simply observing, silently. And if Sherlock leaned into the touch of John's hands when they ran through his hair, none of them mentioned it.
"But you, John, I trust," Sherlock continued. "Just think of it as an experiment."
"I should...probably get that," Sherlock said, immediately putting distance between them.
After what felt like years of endless sucking of lips, and the sweetness of their shared breath, Sherlock moved down to John's neck, teasing at the skin with his tongue, and John tilted his head up to the ceiling.
"Alright, fine, then," said John after a moment of silence between them had passed. "I cut hair in the army. I got paid for it. I did it for ages, until I got discharged. As a kid, being a barber was the best job that I could get, because I was friends with the owner. It got me money so I could take care of Harry."
John looked around. "So it seems we'll have to wait."
thought John, smirking to himself.
Sherlock saw Harry come up to him, her arms outstretched. “Sherlock!” she was saying. “Nice to finally meet you! John’s been on and on--”
Sherlock resisted rolling his eyes in the boredom of it all. "Do calm down, John," Sherlock droned. "Winter will be lasting for ages."
Sherlock didn't look away from John's eyes, and with every second that passed, John could feel his heart beat faster at the contact. And for a moment, it was completely silent, and completely still.
But now John didn't take his eyes off of his flatmate, who just looked so utterly peaceful and cut off from the world. It was always intoxicating to even glance at him, especially when he was in this state.
John gulped.
Sherlock stirred. Groaned. He needed to get to a hospital.
“ROSIE!” John said, his voice rising. “Why would you say that?”
“Shoving me?!” Harry shouted. “Give me a break! I’ve gotten worse from Johnny when I stole his action figures when we were little rug rats!”
Sherlock looked down at the ground. “I don’t expect John to do anything more for me.”
Sherlock flushed the rest of the drugs down the toilet. John didn't even have to tell him. Sherlock said that it had all been a slip-up. His brain had gotten the better of him. The thoughts had begun to come back. Sherlock had just wanted it to be quiet.
"Aw, come on!" Harry whined stubbornly. "My party's going to be great. It's on Eastcastle Street. Just a train ride away."
Sherlock sat alone in the dark flat on Christmas Day, the sun setting behind him as it slowly sunk into the horizon. He sighed, bringing the cigarette closely to his lips.
No matter what happened. Life moved on.
It felt like hours, but Sherlock finally quieted down. John got up, and got Sherlock a roll of tissues. Without saying a word, Sherlock blew his nose, and he wiped away his tears.
John kept a straight face. But alarms were going off in his head.
“Rosie, I think you need to have a change,” said John, trying to distract Sherlock and Rosie from the rising redness in his face.
just for knowing it."
“Sherlock!”
Then there were times, in the dead of night, when Sherlock would be at the window and looking out over the city of London, and he would play a melancholy tune that would nearly bring John close to tears. It was one of the rare times that John was able to get a glimpse at what Sherlock would be feeling.
"I can't imagine what you must have felt," Sherlock said, and he sounded sincere. "To believe that I was dead. That I wasn't coming back. That I was really gone, and everything that might have been said wasn't said, and now it was too late."
But in the end, it hadn't worked.
That was the only sound in the flat that day. The landlady, Mrs. Hudson, was being particularly quiet because she liked to read her novels on rainy days. Thus, there was no reason for her vaccuum to run, nor for her Spanish music to blast on her radio as she scrubbed the grime from her sink.
John kissed back, almost lazily, but his heart was beating wildly, his pulse thrumming, and it was unlike anything he'd ever felt before.
“I understand if you don’t want to see me again.” Sherlock murmured towards him. “I just realized that it’s Christmas, and it’s more of a time for miracles than any other time, so I just thought—”
“It’s a bit of a revelation, I know,” Sherlock whispered. “But I realized it today when I had spent all of Christmas with myself and all I could think about was having you there.”
"I don't know," said John after a moment. "It looks the same to me."
"Sherlock!" John said in exasperation, but Sherlock ignored him.
"I've got quid," Danny said, and he looked at John hopefully.
The entire time, Sherlock simply stared up at John, his green eyes darting over his face. John gulped as the tension in the room increased, and as the space between them thinned.
"J-John..." Sherlock gasped softly, his mouth stuttering.
Sherlock.
"Alright, you're all set then," said John, dusting off his hands. "You want to have a look?"
“No, it seems like this Christmas really painted it out for me. You would rather chat up a storm with that cat-owner police officer than with me, and invite all of these people to our flat without really planning ahead.”
John's heart ached. Sherlock's body shook slightly, and it almost looked like Sherlock was merely cold.
"Sherlock," John called, and only silence responded to him. "Come on out. I'm making your favorite. You can start a movie if you'd like."
Silence. John rolled his eyes.
"Don't worry about it," said John, smiling. "I'm sure that it's nothing."
So from then on, they never slept in separate beds again.
Life went on, as it always seemed to do, regardless of what happened.
And one night, there was a man that came up to John's tent, the last one of the evening, who sported multiple medals and cloth of high rank.
He looked at the reflection of his face, and his newly shaved beard, and nodded in approval.
John turned his body. Wrapped his arms around Sherlock's torso. Lifted Sherlock up so that he was in a seated position on the bed. Tears had stained the pillow that Sherlock had been lying on, and John reached across the bed to get the tissues. He gave them to Sherlock, placing them in his hand. Sherlock blew his nose.
John blushed, thoroughly embarrassed, watching Harry cheer harder from the open window.
Sherlock climbed into John's bed, pulling the covers over his body, and it was like they had done this many times before. And while John would have loved to think that after all of this time pining after his flatmate, he had finally gotten Sherlock into his bed, John knew that this was simply not the time.
Once Sherlock was released from hospital, John took him back to the flat, and never left his side. John fed him from the spoon, then took naps with him in bed. John did everything that he possibly, humanly, could.
Sherlock chuckled. He hadn’t shown any signs of being offended yet, only amused.
Every morning, John woke up with Sherlock in his arms, his hand placed at the small of the other man's back, and the other hand buried in Sherlock's curls. Sherlock would wake up seconds after John, and every morning they would lie and look at each other, staring at each other, before one of them would move and that would be the end of it.
John returned to his sitting position, his eyes meeting Sherlock's fair face, with his deep-set eyebrows scrunched slightly in concentration.
Sebastian's sneer said it all. The arrogance lay in the straightness of his hair and the gleam in his eyes.
“What else did your father say?” Sherlock asked.
A couple of hours later, Sherlock exited his mind to the annoying sound of the rustling of leaves, and grunts of struggle and frustration. He quickly sat up, wondering where the commotion was coming from.
John, as promised, had left as soon as the sun rose on Christmas morning. He didn’t bother to take his presents with him, or to give any to Sherlock. It was an empty flat all day as the holiday passed by.
Sherlock’s words were swallowed up as John kissed him, stunning Sherlock into silence.
John slowly helped Sherlock to his feet, John's arms still wrapped securely around Sherlock's waist, and Sherlock's still around John's shoulders. Their faces were inches apart, so close that Sherlock could feel John's breath hot on his cheek.
At the end of each day, it was already a given that they would be sharing a bed. Neither of them brought it up. Neither of them made a fuss. Neither of them questioned it.
John grinned. "Well since you asked so nicely," he said. "I'm not going anywhere."
"Oh, oh my God," John said. His voice was hoarse. "Thank you. Right. I'll pass on the message. Thank you."
“Fine.” John finally spoke. “Fine. If that’s how you really feel, Sherlock. I’ll go.”
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes sat in the front row, their mouths drawn tight, with Mrs. Holmes sobbing loudly into her handkerchief. Mr. Holmes held his wife tightly, with only a hint of a tear gathering in the corner of his sorrowful eyes. Sherlock sat with them, and he looked like a statue, his face completely impassive. But John knew better.
Weeks passed. Sherlock was getting better. Slowly. Surely. Definitively.
"This is my
Sherlock said nothing in response, and only continued to sip his tea.
So yes. Of course. It made sense why Sherlock would miss his brother. It made sense, also, why Sherlock was extremely dumbfounded by his brother's death. His strong brother, taken down by something that no one had any control of. His brother, who could cover up a mishap in a second, who could track anything using only a computer, who seemed to take control of any room simply by waving his umbrella around.
Sherlock curled an arm around John's waist, pulling him closer. John plunged his hands into Sherlock's curls, nipping at his bottom lip, moaning when Sherlock licked at the underside of John's tongue.
"Oh yes, I must have forgotten."
John could remember Mycroft. He could remember their first meeting, with Mycroft leaning on his umbrella and assesssing John like he was a fascinating science experiment. Like John was the bacteria and Mycroft was the scientist.
"I couldn't sleep," Sherlock droned, a statement said as if Sherlock knew John had already guessed. "Can I come in?"
"No, Sherlock! I'm not having you taking cases from absolute wankers just because of how it was! I'm here now, and that means just one more person in the world that knows you are not a freak."
John shut his eyes tightly. "We'll be right there, Mrs. Hudson!" John called back.
One thing was for sure. It took time. Grieving the loss of a loved one can be a painful process. Correction. It is a painful process. But John would like to think that because he was there, it was a little less painful for Sherlock.
“But your sister is just the beginning, isn’t it? No. Because you never saw it. You never see any of it. I’m the one that’s the genius, and I never needed you John. There’s nothing wrong with me, because all I want this come Christmas is for you to be gone!”
"Oh my god," John said to the new guest. "You came."
Sherlock ran through the streets of London, fighting past fast-going cars threatening to run him over, and ‘DONT WALK’ street signs flashing in his eyes.
"No," John said. "No, you're not wrong."
"Yes," John said to the unsaid question. "Now hurry up and take off my trousers."
“You really do love me, then, don’t you?” John asked, looking up at him.
There was a knock at the door, and John immediately stood up to answer it. Sherlock watched, and he saw the female police officer shamelessly check out John's arse. Sherlock gritted his teeth.
"It's not a big deal, Sherlock," said John. "I-"
That night, John sat with Sherlock on the couch and watched a James Bond movie, with John snacking on popcorn while Sherlock sat straight up the entire time, face completely straight. John said nothing about it.
"Remarkable," said John. "As always."
"Hello?" John asked.
It took two seconds for Sherlock to kiss back. His arms came around John’s waist, and pulled him closer. John’s hands lifted themselves, and combed through Sherlock’s hair and cupped his face.
John didn't know what happened. But then the doctors came out, and they said that John could see him.
John chuckled. "Right. I'm out. I'll be back in a bit."
Sherlock was noticeably quiet. Sebastian cleared his throat.
“Right, is John there?” Sherlock asked.
Then, as a complete confirmation of what was happening, John forced his stiff fingers to move also and to entwine into Sherlock's.
“Rosie, what did we say about thinking before you speak?” John asked, but he went ignored as Sherlock shifted towards Rosie.
“Happy New Year, John.”
"I have dreams about him," Sherlock said, and John knew he meant Mycroft. It didn't have to be said. "Times back to when we were children. I would be running across the river, looking at the fish, and Mycroft would be telling me not to fall in. Then I would fall in anyway, and Mycroft would have to jump in after me and save me."
Sherlock was quiet on the ride back to Baker Street. John could still feel his heart pump with adrenaline, and his face hurt from grinning so much.
Suddenly, Sherlock's hand shot out and grabbed the back of John's knee and brought him down onto the chair, and suddenly John was straddling Sherlock's thighs. John dropped the scissors to the floor, using his free hand to wrap it around Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock looked up at him, and suddenly he realized the position that they were both in. John practically had his arms wrapped around Sherlock's waist and torso, keeping him up, and Sherlock had his arms draped around John's neck and shoulders, their bodies pressed flush together.
"Are you all right?" John asked, but he knew the answer. Sherlock was not all right. His brother was dead.
John watched as the man clasped Sherlock's hand in both of his own, and John tried not to cringe. Yes, this was definitely one of those intolerable types.
"I hope you remember, John, that I have the ability to disregard all of my emotions." Sherlock looked at him. "I have the ability to shape into something similar to an automaton, and remain that way until the job is done. I don't care what Sebastian says. I've heard it all anyway. It would not have been a problem."
John let out a disbelieving laugh, and Sherlock chuckled too, a burst of air from his nostrils. He looked at John tenderly, furling his lips in anticipation.
After a few minutes had passed, John was almost enjoying himself. It was actually better with Sherlock aware of what John was doing, because it left behind this feeling of pride knowing that he was watching and studying.
Before John could pursue that thought any longer, the door to the office opened, and a man dressed in a business suit walked in.
John bent forward, running his hands in Sherlock's curls once again, and raised them up from the roots to check his work.
"And there's the word!" John exclaimed, pushing back his chair and standing up. "There's the bloody word, isn't it?"
Sebastian leaned forward on his elbows as his stare became solid.
Then his face fell as John came into view, looking between Harry and the door, his eyes landing on Sherlock.
Sherlock stuffed his hands into his pockets. He did have to admit that John was right about that. Christmas did have some sort of spirit about it, and if Sherlock wasn't the logical man that he was today, he would almost describe it as magic.
When John had first begun to have feelings for his flatmate and friend, he was scared out of his wits. He questioned everything, and what it all meant. Why did he suddenly feel palpitations in his chest whenever he thought of the man? Why did he have the urge to move closer to him on the couch while watching the television?
"Yeah. I know."
John watched her leave, his brows wrinkling as he tried to put two and two together. “I don’t understand Sherlock. I thought that…”
Sherlock searched left and right, his eyes scanning the entire sidewalk area, looking for that one address.
He was about to get up to start breakfast when the door swung open, and Sherlock appeared at the door, carrying a tray of food. His bathrobe was draped over him lazily, and his perfect curly hair was mussed.
John then leaned forward, feeling Sherlock look down at him, feeling John whisper the rest of the countdown against Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock took a deep breath, carrying himself over to the door. He wasn’t even sure what he was meant to do; he just knew that he didn’t want to spend another Christmas moment without his John.
"It's been a while," John replied after a moment, to which Danny simply waved his hand in dismissal.
"I can't believe you!"
"You think you're bloody clever, don't you?" John asked, smiling, and Sherlock shrugged.
"Well, it was quite a long time ago, Doctor Watson," said Sebastian amicably. "I mean, we have allowed all of that disappear in the past. That trick -"
Sherlock looked to Harry, and she nodded. Harry left without another word.
John stopped scrubbing. He stared back, his eyes delving deep into Sherlock's intense orbs.
Sherlock inhaled deeply. Pressed his fingers together. Closed his eyes.
“I’ll tell you what you did, Sherlock!” Harry interrupted with a sigh. “You broke my brother’s heart.”
John cleared his throat. "Right, well I hope so," he said. "Our guests are going to be here any moment."
John ushered. “Go on, then.”
"Look," said Sebastian, an edge to his voice. "I called you both here to do business. This consulting-detective fantasy you two have going on can't have all that much money involved. I assume you're even low on income. I can help you with that, as long as Sherlock here uses his deducing...
"I said," John enunciated. "It's not a trick. It's a bloody gift. It's a display of genius that tends to go over people's heads. People like you."
It had been like that for the past few days, ever since the Incident had happened. With the Christmas tree.
It wasn't just Sherlock's relaxed demeanor- or really just his demeanor in general- that captivated John. It was also his flatmate's general appearance.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock in curiosity and slight amusement.
"Me too," John would reply.
John swallowed the emotion in his throat. Why did it have to be Sherlock Holmes whom he was attracted to? Why did it always have to be Sherlock, with his perfect face and his perfect hair and his perfect -
“HE SAYS HE’S ALWAYS LOVED YOU!” Rosie yelled and laughed from John’s arms. The door to Rosie’s changing room closed behind them.
John quirked an eyebrow. "And what's that supposed to mean?" John asked questioningly. "You want me to tell you things?"
Getting up, John walked into the kitchen, stretching his joints as he emptied his teacup and prepared to make another.
Few people gave eulogies. Business people, professional coworkers, those who had admired the long hours and admirable work Mycroft always put in. The priest simply spoke his way through the service, using that grating yet also calming voice when speaking to the small crowd that had gathered.
And that only comes up when he's really stumped.
John wasn't gay. That was important to remember.
And it was long. It had grown more and more towards the man's lean shoulders over time, but Sherlock didn't seem to care. He was never one to dote on his appearance, except when he had to look a certain way for a case.
John didn't say anything this time. He waited for Sherlock to say his piece.
John didn't know the reasoning behind why Mycroft always was the one to take care of his younger brother. Maybe their parents weren't around much. It would make sense. Sherlock mentioned once that his mother was a mathematician, and his father must have been something important as well.
"Well," said John, looking down as he dusted his hands. "It seems that we're done here."
"Why?" John responded instantly, challengingly.
It was empty except for him, with rumpled sheets draped over him carefully, on a bed that definitely wasn't his.
He really shouldn't think about that.
A sigh escaped John's throat as his erection was freed from its constraints, and Sherlock couldn't seem to stop staring at it. And that should have made John self-conscious, or perhaps even uncomfortable, but instead, it made him grab onto Sherlock's arse to get his attention.
John looked at Sherlock, and for the first time, there was something there in Sherlock's eyes, something that John hadn't really seen before.
"Because I could have sworn that you might like it."
“TWENTY-EIGHT! TWENTY-SEVEN! TWENTY-SIX!”
"No, no I'm good, thanks," John said, a little too quickly. "You can...um...just make sure everything is clean for everyone else when they arrive."
Sherlock couldn't seem to stop staring at John as he sat down on the bed. John sipped his tea, made just the way he liked it, and he chewed on his toast, which somehow tasted better than it usually did.
Sherlock's screams had echoed off of the walls, thundering in John's ears, as John had wrapped his arms around Sherlock to keep him from falling out of his chair. It sounded like Sherlock had been shot, like his heart had been ripped out of his chest and smushed until all that had been left of it was a red smear on the wooden floor.
Somewhere in the back of John's mind, he had hoped that Sherlock was getting better.
John, dressed in an army coat and hat, turned around to meet the face calling his name. His eyes met immediately with a man standing behind the wall of one of the camping tents.
Once John had finished his small breakfast, he put the tray to the side on the bed, and he turned to look at Sherlock.
For all John knew, Sherlock had been doing this for months.
Sherlock shut his eyes and shook his head at himself, trying to release his stupid thoughts. Stupid emotions.
Sherlock watched as John walked back into the flat, and he couldn’t help but flinch as the door slammed shut after him.
His stomach turning, John swallowed hard, and he dropped his eyes down to Sherlock's mouth.
Cases did not come. Lestrade did not call, did not text. Mrs. Hudson came up every ten minutes to check on them, bringing tea on a tray, and she always stayed to talk about the latest gossip from her book club. It had occurred to John long ago that she was giving Sherlock the gift of stable constancy. To let him know something will always remain the same.
John looked up at him, studying his face. Sherlock just stared emptily at the stone. At his brother's name and deathdate and the dash.
John scoffed. "Oh, really? That's not what Sherlock tells me."
"Good morning," Sherlock replied, returning the smile. "I made you breakfast."
"There isn't a doubt in my mind," Sherlock said, and he was nearly growling. "I've wanted this for eighteen months. Don't you dare stop now."
Sherlock looked down at their hands, and back up at John's blue eyes, wild and nervous, and inhaled deeply.
"Very much," John replied. "But only if you want to-"
Sherlock cleared his throat now, as if preparing to speak some more.
But nonetheless, Sherlock nodded. It was slow, soft. It was obvious that Sherlock didn't believe it.
"It's not a trick."
When he did, John immediately felt like he was blasted back into the past. He instantly remembered all of the long conversations and therapy sessions he would provide for the soldiers in his chair, and the feeling of inexplicable attraction to the big-shot Major of the camp.
John rubbed his face. His heart was pounding.
But Sherlock’s smile immediately disappeared, and replaced by shock. He did not laugh. John quickly got up and picked Rosie up into his arms in a rush.
Except, it wasn't.
"Why," Sherlock said. He wasn't talking to John. He was talking to Mycroft. "Why the
Unable to meet Sherlock's eyes for any longer, John looked away, trying to focus on setting the cookies on the burner.
John turned to Sherlock with a slightly annoyed look. "Because we haven't been out of the house in three days, Sherlock," John told him. "And it's just days before Christmas and I want to experience the winter."
"Sherlock." John breathed from above him. "You okay?"
Sherlock's hand suddenly moved, and John's eyes couldn't help but dart down to follow it.
Intensity. Hope.
John grabbed a piece of his sandwich and hurled it at Greg and Harry, who immediately ducked to miss it. They laughed as they continued to sip their eggnog.
Then the day after that, Sherlock would make himself a piece of toast, a cup of tea, and sat down once more. He solved the case in two minutes after that. Then he opened up another folder.
Sebastian turned his body towards him, folding his hands very tightly.
"Well, while you do that," John said, shaking the keys in his hand. "I'm going out to get a Christmas tree. Our Christmas party's in a few days, and we haven't even gotten around to it yet."
He didn’t care. He couldn’t care less.
There were a couple times that there was a noise behind them, and John's nerves nearly jumped from his skin, afraid that someone would see them. But nobody ever came around, and John was always able to turn back to his work.
Towards the end, John went in front of Danny, and he put his hands into his hair. He pulled up the strands from their roots to check that it was even. When he was sure that it was, he stepped away from him to admire his work.
John fed him the whole bowl, and none of them said a word the entire time. It was almost intimate, to have John feed Sherlock constantly, never breaking eye contact, holding the spoon to Sherlock's lips until Sherlock had licked all of the soup from the metal.
Sherlock didn't make a sound. His head was leaning against John's shoulder, his eyes staring out to the other wall. Then, "I understand, John."
It was busy for John for a while. He was cutting hair from sunset to the time lights were going out. He was slowly becoming very popular and well-known. And on top of that, he was getting more and more money in exchange for his work.
“January 30,” said John, breaking the silence. “We…met on the 29.”
“What the hell?” she bit off, and John looked up.
Sherlock's eyes darted over John's face. His mouth stuttered nervously.
“Well, clearly, you were wrong. Like you usually are.”
“Well Rosie, since you’re wondering,” said John. “Sherlock is my best friend. We’ve known each other for years. Now let’s just say that Sherlock is the snobbiest knob that I know.”
"It's all...fine," he said, looking up into Sherlock's eyes. "Any-" he cleared his throat. "Anytime."
When the teapot finally whistled, John poured it into his cup and stirred, and sipped.
John wants to tell Sherlock not to apologize. But he can't. John wants to tell Sherlock that it's all fine, and that it was his fault for leaving Sherlock alone. But he can't.
"Sherlock, please hang in there, please," John said, and he begged, pleaded.
“Should old acquaintance be forgot…”
“Well that’s new.”
"Tell me why you did it, then," said Sherlock, his voice even and deep. "And when."
"Sher-"
"Am I wrong?"
John pulled the cookies out of the oven carefully and closed the door with his foot. Smoke rose up from the baked goods, spreading a delicious aroma around the room. John inhaled deeply, quietly.
John furled his eyebrows. "My blog?" John asked. "What's my blog got to do with anything?"
“I know.”
Mrs. Hudson had run up the stairs, bursting the door open, and looked at the scene before her with utter shock and confusion. Sherlock was clutching onto John like he was a heartline, long fingers digging into John's back as he struggled to remain upright. Sherlock couldn't speak, sinking deeper and deeper to the floor with John just trying to hold him and to soothe him. Eventually, Mrs. Hudson left them alone, demanding an explanation to be told to her when they were both decent.
Tears were streaming down Sherlock's face, and he was sniveling again. John considered reaching out again. But he let Sherlock cry. Let him get it out.
were okay.
"I mean - you really would have gone through with that case? Even after the things that he said? Do you really think that low of yourself?"
“Um, well, I don’t know a John,” said the woman. “Unless you’re talking about Harry’s little brother?”
John had no idea what he was doing, but he knew that it felt good. Sebastian, this jerk-off, was sitting in a chair in front of him trying to be the boss. And it was laughable to think that this banker actually believes that he's good at his job.
“He’s still sleeping,” answered John, and he softly touched his index finger to his daughters nose. “He stayed up late working a case last night.”
"Doctor Watson, I think it's about time you leave."
John nodded his head vigorously, suddenly acting quiet, as if he was at a loss for words.
In a flash, John had Sherlock's shirt flung across the room, and his pants and trousers somewhere by the door, and he was kissing him so fervently that when John broke from the kiss, Sherlock let out a bone-shakingly loud moan into the ceiling.
John couldn't help but feel a surge of pride as he felt a change in the energy of the room, with both men staring at him, both for extremely different reasons.
But after months and months of denial, John finally gave in, and it was surprisingly easy to accept them. But then there was the problem of controlling himself, and never even leaving behind a sign of his feelings towards Sherlock.
All of the moments came together in John's mind, flashing rapidly before his eyes.
“Yes, you bloody prat, I’m in love with you too.”
"Oh, Sherlock," John said softly. "Oh, I'm so sorry."
"I'm telling you, Harry," John said, balancing his phone on his shoulder while holding a biscuit. "I don't think I'm going to be able to make it to your house party. I'm spending Christmas with Sherlock this year."
And before John could change his mind, he went to work on cutting at Sherlock's dark brunette hair.
Sherlock didn't speak much, and when he did, it was to yell at the telly or when he was talking to himself when working with his experiments. But almost always, John would find him sitting still in his armchair, staring straight ahead as if trying to study something plastered on the wall.
"Hey, Sherlock, look at me," John said, and walked up to Sherlock in the bed. Then he found that he had nothing to say. What could he say, really? How could he react?
There was no way that John was going to allow Sherlock to go through this.
Sherlock opened his shut eyes to look at John. His pupils were full-blown, almost over coloring his green irises. John smiled, his lips turning slightly upwards in a joyous smirk, and bent down again to kiss him, softly and assuredly. They both sighed into the kiss, and Sherlock's arm roamed John's naked back, the other arm pulling him closer.
Neither of them moved away, and Sherlock found that he was having a lot of trouble breathing. Because their arms were still around each other, and neither of them had found the need to move yet.
John barely lasted two minutes with reading his book before he couldn't resist looking at his flatmate again.
"Then sometimes I see Mycroft, and he's playing with me and teaching me his mathematics that he'd be learning in school," Sherlock said. "It was a game that we'd play. I would see if I could learn a lesson before he did. Sometimes I would be able to. Most times I wasn't. Mycroft would always be there to teach me."
And John did, and he ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair, newly cut and fresh.
All up and down his wrist, there were dots where the syringe had entered. Over and over again. Some old, some new.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock,” John said rubbing his face. “Can’t you just say you’re sorry? Something that actually means something? For God’s sake, cut to the point, without leaving me—”
John's eyes followed it for a second before turning his attention back to his flatmate. His long curls were ruffled over his forehead now, reaching closer towards his eyebrows.
John looked abruptly at Sherlock, the first time he had done so since the beginning of the whole encounter.
"What is it?" Sherlock asked, and even he was unable to keep the concern out of his voice. "What's wrong?"
The snow had stopped after a few hours, leaving a white blanket over the landscape of the street. Cars plowed through, pushing the snow aside, and pedestrians left footprints behind as they bustled around the city with their Christmas shopping. Lights twinkled from shops, and Christmas trees towered over busy ice rinks.
Sherlock couldn't hold back a surge of emotion that went straight through him as he looked down at John, strolling through the park. It was something that had been happening quite often for a long time, almost since the day they had met. Something was
"Not Christmas." John pointed out, looking up at him. "Besides, these lights won't be out forever, and you know that Christmas has got a certain feeling to it. I'd like it if I wouldn't miss it."
And trying to remind himself, again and again, he wasn't gay.
Denial. Anger. Depression. Bargaining. Acceptance.
"Sherlock..." John said softly. "Sherlock, please." But Sherlock ignored him.
"Good," John said. "Because I can't imagine what you're going through now. I really can't. I mean, if I had lost Harry...I don't know what I would have done."
Sherlock crossed the room in record time, swinging his coat over his shoulders.
Throughout the session, John couldn't help but take it slow. And if he "accidentally" touched Major Sholto's biceps as he walked around, he just kept working and thought none of it. And he may have been closer than strictly necessary when he knelt down in front of him to check how straight his cut was.
John licked his lips, an unconscious move, his nerves buzzing inside of him.
“What makes you say that, Rosie?” said John.
John was so caught up in his thoughts that he almost didn't hear Sherlock speak.
"Doesn't matter. Someone's been robbed at Christmas. I'm going. Where is it?"
John hadn't paid attention in class long enough to know how to identify the signs and stages of grief. He didn't know if Sherlock had gone through all of the stages in the past five months since Mycroft's death.
Then as soon as word got out that there was a barber in camp, it spread all the way to the commanding officers within the ranks.
"Yes, I know, I know, you're not gay," Harry said breezily, and John could practically see her wave her hand sarcastically. "Not necessarily, anyway."
Immediately, John looked up from his newspaper, and looked at his daughter in surprise and anger.
“That’s my brother!” Harry cried, throwing her arms up in celebration. “That’s my brother, I tell you!”
The Major turned to face him, and he smiled back at him.
“Loved me?” John finished, voice shaking.
Mycroft had to play Mother, Father, and Brother all at the same time. And Sherlock had grown used to it. It was always Mycroft who would dry Sherlock's tears after the bullies at school had been particularly mean to him, and it was always Mycroft that would remind Sherlock that caring is not an advantage when Sherlock was betrayed by a friend.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes. Yes that’s him. Can you just...tell him that Sherlock’s here to see him?”
"He'll be all right, won't he?"
John let out an airy chuckle and shook his head. Sherlock only responded with a small smirk.
By now Rosie’s eyes are closed, and she’s breathing softly, her small chest rising up and down. John stands up.
But to his horror, Sherlock reached underneath John's chair and pulled out John's pouch of barber tools.
No, what was unusual was how Sherlock was acting.
“Sherlock!” John called after him. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
John whispered, “I don’t know what to say.”
“What?”
“He loved you, you know,” Harry responded. “And then you go and you say all those mean things to him, and you expect him to forgive you so quickly?”
Everyone immediately gave a loud cheer, crowding around John and shaking Harry’s hand. Most of them hadn’t even known that John had a sister.
As John left the flat, Sherlock closed his eyes, listening for the sound of John's footsteps as they retreated down the seventeen steps of the building. Then the door closed, and John was gone.
“Did he, now?” Sherlock asked playfully. “When was that?”
Sherlock was bound to find out at some point of his feelings for his flatmate. John just didn’t think it’d be this soon, or in this way.
"No. I don't buy it, Sherlock," John declared. "The woman knows exactly who robbed her."
Harry looked at him incredulously. “Then why are you here?”
"Bedroom," Sherlock said, his voice husky with passion. "Now."
“It really doesn’t matter, does it, John?” Sherlock glanced at him. “But then again, I suppose you already know what that feels like.”
Sherlock was awake when John went into the room. His eyes averted away from John's. Shameful. Tired. Sorrowful.
It was a mess in there, with papers strewn all over the floor and old cases nailed to the wall. John walked forward, but something cracked beneath his foot. A glass syringe.
It really was no secret that Sherlock cared for John and that John cared for Sherlock. It had always been some sort of understanding between them. But it was John that would occupy most of Sherlock's thoughts, and it was John whom Sherlock would do anything for.
The only thing that Sherlock had mentioned was that a bank had been broken into, and that was all. There was nothing more to the case than an email; of course, that wasn't unusual.
"I'm so sorry," Sherlock said. "About faking my death. Making you believe that I was gone. I...I know what it's like. Now. To mourn."
“John please come out here. I don’t want to wake Rosie when we talk.”
All he ever really wanted was for John to be happy, and he hated himself for getting so carried away. If only he wasn’t in love with John Watson, he wouldn’t have been so scared and let his emotions overcome the power of his mind.
John wasn’t sure that Sherlock had spoken at first because his voice was so soft.
"What do most friends do, John?" Sherlock asked, and he looked up into John's eyes.
Sherlock nodded back. John glanced down at his feet. "We can come here again whenever you want to," John said. "Anytime."
"Sherlock, stop, you're being a prat," John told him icily, snatching away his tools. "Leave my things alone."
"Do you think she's trying to fool us, or...I don't know, maybe just senile?"
Sherlock looked up. His eyes were red. “I know,” said Sherlock.
The doctor was too afraid to look at Sherlock, though - after all, he had just cost them a case. That was a bit not good when the man was married to his work.
“Right, I’m going out,” Sherlock muttered to himself, and he rushed forward toward the door.
Sherlock got up from the couch, a smile coming to his face. "Here, he said, laughing. "Let me."
They woke up the next morning in John's bed, with Sherlock entangled with John's body, and his head leaning against John's shoulder. None of them said a word about it. None of them mentioned that for the first time since Mycroft's death, Sherlock had been able to get more than an hour's rest.
And then the Major left the way he came.
Then Sherlock turned so that John's back was to the bed, and began taking off John's shirt, tugging it over his head and tossing it across the room without looking to see where it landed.
Sherlock inhaled sharply. He looked at Harry.
Sherlock sat down, and then so did John. The two sat in easy silence as they waited patiently for a man named Sebastian Wilkes, whom John still didn't know.
“I can’t believe this.”
Whatever this was, it was nothing more than a danger zone.
John swallowed hard. Best to just get it out, then.
Sherlock's eyes ticked up to meet John's. They held his gaze for what felt ages. But this time, Sherlock's gaze held no heat, none of the intensity that was usually there when John and Sherlock's eyes met. Now there was just emptiness.
John had been let off early from the surgery where he worked, and he was on his way home. He had gotten the shopping done, and he was going to cook Sherlock a nice meal. Maybe Sherlock would eat it. Maybe not. Who really knows with him, anyhow.
"It's..." he said, as if searching for words. "It's...very good."
"Just..." Sherlock said, murmuring, making it difficult for John to hear. "Just stay. With me. Please."
"No, good, very good," John said, his breath heavy. "But you have to stop. I don't want my first time with you to be in my pants."
John was just bending down to get his tools when it hit him.
"Good. Well, I've got to go now, need to get to work. We can talk later, though, can't we?"
"Please, I need an ambulance at 221B Baker Street," said John, his heart pounding. "My flatmate's overdosed. I-I don't know how long he's been out. My name is Doctor John Watson."
Rosie shrugged her small shoulders. “That’s what you called him this morning, Daddy.”
God, he'd been waiting for this for ages.
Sherlock rang once, anxiously. Then he rang twice.
"You need to eat, Sherlock," John said. "You need to sleep. Please."
“Sherlock, it’s starting!”
A couple of minutes passed by as they both finally made up for lost time in the middle of the empty sidewalk, with Sherlock wrapping them both in his long coat, and John burrowing himself into Sherlock’s chest.
Then that's when Sherlock realized he still had yet to answer John's question.
Sherlock was also starting to laugh again. It was the most beautiful sound in the world, and it was the best sight to see Sherlock smile. It was refreshing. It was nice.
"How do you know?" John asked, shifting in his seat so he could look at Sherlock in the eye. "I don't tell you everything."
John laid a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, but Sherlock didn't relax. He stared at Mycroft's name with burning anger.
John felt Sherlock's hands on him, his lips trailing over John's body, looking John over like something to be devoured, and John could feel his stomach clench in anticipation.
"I mean," Sherlock bit off. "When you affirmed that you were my friend."
Sherlock never,
John gulped at the thoughts, and he found that he had to shift his legs within his now tight pants.
Desire.
Once Sherlock had eaten it all, John put down the bowl, and he carefully placed a hand on Sherlock's back, looking to meet him in the eyes.
“One.”
At that moment, Sherlock looked over at John, who had gone quiet and was looking at the scenery around them. Children were participating in snowball fights, yelling and screaming with glee. Parents looked on, dressed warmly in scarves and coats, smiling happily at their children from afar. Couples walked hand in hand, kicking playfully at the cold snow, and beaming at each other with bright eyes and soft smiles.
"Boys! Yoo-hoo!" Mrs. Hudson called through the closed door. "Your guests are here!"
"I'm talking about me."
"You did it," said Sherlock accusingly. "You've cut off my hair."
"Well of course it does," said Sherlock. "It looks almost identical to what I had before. But it most certainly got shorter."
"I'm sorry," said John. "Did you just compliment me?"
John watched his flatmate quizzically as he stomped around the kitchen, seeming to begin to prepare his own cup of tea.
"Sorry," John sighed, his eyes cast to the floor. "Accident."
John could remember Mycroft scolding his brother in Buckingham Palace for wearing nothing but a sheet. And while John was mostly checking out Sherlock's bare arse nearly the whole time, he can still remember the firmness of the Mycroft's voice. The brotherly, and also motherly and fatherly tone that Mycroft had used.
And John did not like the way Sebastian was looking at Sherlock.
The man smiled in response, and he came out from behind the tent. He appeared to be well-built, with a bushy beard that went down towards his chest. John had seen him around at training and at camp, but he had never talked with him before.
“That’s how long.” Sherlock replied. “How long…I’ve…”
The detective was already stalking down the street and trying to wave down a cab when John came up to him, his fists clenched.
"Yes, that's me," John replied, turning toward him fully.
It was a woman standing at the door, no older than twenty-five, looking at Sherlock like he had grown five heads.
He pushed people aside as he rushed down the sidewalk, his coat billowing behind him as he panted with exertion.
“Yes.” Sherlock said desperately. “More than I can express.”
The kiss was deep and cold, with John’s lips taking full advantage of Sherlock’s lavish and supple ones. Sherlock moaned into his mouth, clutching on to John’s jacket to assure himself of reality.
John's sentence was broken off by Sherlock's lips, heated and full of unhidden hunger.
"I missed you, too, Sherlock," John replied, murmuring. "More than you'll ever know."
"I'd like to watch you," said Sherlock, his face totally straight.
"I'm curious," Sherlock replied. John heaved a sigh.
Sherlock was looking up at John with total unmistakable desire. Sherlock's hand had curled around John's hip, and it felt like Sherlock's hand was burning straight through his clothes.
John had, of course, left out the bit in which he was pining after his flatmate when he decided to do it. Hopefully, that would be the one thing that Sherlock couldn't deduce.
"Um. No, not at all. Sherlock and I go...way back to uni. We were...close."
John took care of Sherlock over the next few weeks. They talked. They took it all slow. It was almost like it was normal again.
John looked at him. Then he turned towards the front.
The realization hit Sherlock so hard that he let out a gasp, and his eyes flew open as if he was just shot.
Silence followed. Sherlock didn't respond. He was thinking.
There was no denying that it felt good, not just because he was holding his tools again, but also because he never got to be this close to Sherlock. He never got to lean over him, and admire how soft and relaxed his face looked, or how silky his hair felt beneath his fingers. John now had an excuse to study him intensely, and to keep his eyes there instead of tearing them away.
"No?"
Sherlock looked at Sebastian, and John realized with a cold shiver that he knew that stare. It was the stare that Sherlock used when he was trying very hard to hide each and every emotion that he was feeling. John braced himself.
"Well, you should," Sherlock said, and it was so sudden, as if it had just happened to slip out of his mouth. Immediately after the words had been said, Sherlock's face shifted briefly to a look of panic.
"Sherlock Holmes."
“No. Don’t.” John held up a hand. “You’ve really gone too far this time, Sherlock. Not to worry, though. I’ll be gone by Christmas morning. Then you can get your bloody stupid holiday wish.”
John laughed heartily, and welcomed her in. "Everyone! This is my sister, Harriet!"
Now it seemed that Sherlock had nothing to say. He was scared. It showed on his face. And it unnerved John.
John had frozen right in his spot, his face completely lax and devoid of emotion. Sherlock could recognize John’s soldier complexion anywhere, and Sherlock realized that he’d really made a grave mistake.
"Sherlock Holmes," Sherlock says, and the receptionist nods. She let them in without a word, and the two walked into the room which housed nothing but two chairs and a desk.
Sleeping in the same bed was not the orthodox way of friendship, and John understood that. He knew that his and Sherlock's relationship was special, one that no one else had with anyone. It was difficult to qualify them as anything. Even from the moment they met, they meant more to each other than what was normal for friends. For anyone.
John was the first to break for air, and Sherlock gasped for breath. John laughed, his hands curling into Sherlock’s hair.
"Yes," said John pensively. "When you said we were going to the bank..."
John looked up, stealing a glance at Sherlock for a quick second, and then immediately cast his eyes downwards. He curled his lips as if it would keep himself from saying or doing anything stupid to worsen the tension between them.
“Eastcastle, Eastcastle…” Sherlock muttered to himself. “The street. Must find the street.”
Sherlock grinned happily. “I know.”
“I’m in love with you.”
“I think you’re being a prat, is what I think!”
“January 30, 2010.”
John leaped forwards, allowing Sherlock to catch him in a hug and kiss him, both of them laughing into it like a couple of children. Both of them had tears in their eyes, but they’d never, ever say so.
It was getting dark out when John finally gestured for Sherlock to sit in his armchair, carrying the tools in his hand. Sherlock was sitting down in ten seconds flat.
The secret was, of course, not safe with Danny. It wasn't long before John's tent was continuously crammed with other soldiers wanting their hair trimmed or dyed with any color allowed in the regiment.
Sherlock needed a haircut.
Sherlock laid still, straight, very obviously making sure not to make physical contact with John. Sherlock seemed to know that he was crossing some sort of line between them, something that neither of them had ever the courage to do. So it was not a surprise that Sherlock was being so very careful not to compromise their dynamic that they had worked so hard to make.
No. Best not think about her now. Her, or her child that had turned out to be an elaborate lie to keep John engaged to her until marriage, and she would be able to steal everything they owned. Luckily, John had found out before it was too late. Imagine what would have happened if they had actually been married. God, the horror.
"I'll think about it."
"See you, Johnny."
John rolled his eyes insufferably, taking the phone from his shoulder and into his hand so he could speak clearly into it.
"Sure thing," Danny replied, and he took the mirror from John's hands.
"Excuse me?"
“Just...please, let me speak.”
God, it was so good to hear Sherlock say his name like that.
This somehow sparked a laughing fit, and soon they were both giggling hard, and it took Sherlock a lot of effort to keep his focus on the lights. The energy in the room immediately felt considerably lighter, and Sherlock's eyes fell on John's.
"I know. Yeah."
“Harry, wait, please.”
"No, definitely not, if her wardrobe and her living state were anything to go on," Sherlock replied indifferently. "It's likely that she knows exactly who committed the crime but just wants the attention. I just need time to think."
When they got to Mycroft's gravestone, Sherlock laid a hand on Mycroft's etched name, tracing his fingers across the M. Then the Y, all the way to the S in Holmes.
How could he have been so blind?
Sherlock had finally spoken. Both men turned to look at him. "What?" Sebastian asked.
That night, Sherlock still had not talked. He had not eaten. He had not slept in days. John had sat next to him on the couch, and he had looked at him intently, trying to look at Sherlock in the eye.
“John--”
"Nothing, nothing," Harry was obviously smiling. "It just takes one to know one, you know? Especially since I've read your blog."
Danny chuckled. "Well before you do that," he said, gesturing to his beard. "I could use trim of this here thing. It's getting to be pretty long, and it might get in the way of me mask."
The teacher in John's Psych 101 had said that they could happen in any order. It all depended on the person. What their path of healing was. Sometimes Acceptance came first, and then Denial after that. Sometimes the griever went back a stage. It all depended.
It was no secret that the Major was exceptionally attractive. His fair-skinned face was perfectly square, with his jaw firm and gritted. Small bits of stubble littered his chin, almost as if he had tried to shave it but had decided against it.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's body. "Always, Sherlock." John said, whispering. "Always. I'm not going anywhere.
John rubbed Sherlock's back soothingly, thinking that he had no clue what he was doing. Was he really helping Sherlock? Was anything that he was doing helpful at all? Or worse, was John only making it worse?
He can milk this for all it was worth.
“You’re in love with me?”
"Thank you," John said. "It looks delicious."
John had no idea what was happening. But if he backed out now, this would never happen again. Never.
"Not a problem, boy-o." said Danny. "Your secret be safe with me, Johnny."
"Mm, really?" John asked. "What is it?"
Then Sherlock seized John again and practically dragged him across the floor, although John went willingly.
"What?" John said. "Sherlock, what do you mean?"
He hadn't spoken to the big-shot Major yet, but something about the man-made John's throat become caught in his stomach. Every time John saw him, something stirred within him that made it feel like the fluttering of butterfly's wings.
After a moment, John broke the trance by clearing his throat, he and turned to put his scissors down into the pouch.
John shook his head in an attempt to free himself of his thoughts, and he pulled out the tube of decorative icing for the cookies. He just wanted to take his mind off of the whole thing.
"What?"
Everything that had happened would have been more believable if it had been a dream. But it wasn't.
Sherlock still did not take cases. But he was talking again. Lestrade came over in the afternoons to check up on him, bringing folders of cold cases that had been sitting on his desk for ages. Sherlock always accepted them, and then left them in the corner to collect dust for the next few days. Every time Lestrade would come around, John would pull him aside, and thank him for coming to check up on Sherlock.
“Sherlock…I…um…” John said, stuttering, and realized that he had no idea what to say. “I…don’t…”
But Sherlock was already looking at him, with this soft look in his eyes, and with this expression on his face like John was the sun. It made John's insides turn to cream, and he returned the look.
Sherlock kissed John again, chasing the laughter from the shorter man’s lips. John wrapped his arms completely around Sherlock’s neck, drawing them both closer. Sherlock grinned against his mouth, and John let out another laugh.
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically, and he gave a loud sigh.
Sebastian looked up with fiery anger in his eyes, confusion in his brows. "What?"
If it had been any other time, Sherlock would have likely responded with a smart-ass comment like, Well I see your charm still has not left you. Or Do shut up.
“Nothing really,” said Rosie in her high voice. “I just don’t know who he is exactly. I was just wondering, since he’s always around.”
John smirked at the praise and shook Danny's hand.
"Right, okay," John said, and suddenly, he was unsure of himself. "Okay. Just, just sit back, I suppose."
"What?" Sebastian exclaimed as John whisked the door open. "Sherlock! You can't leave!"
tells
"Come on." John was grumbling, trying to whip the lights upward to compensate for his short height. "Just hang already."
“Well sometimes you’re bloody easy to miss.”
Sherlock sighed heavily, feeling his eyes become warm with moisture.
And it was perfect.
A loud and obnoxious knock came just then, followed by Mrs. Hudson's high and excited voice.
“Do you know what your sister has been up to yet today, John? Because I could tell from the smell of the pubs of London all over her coat, clearer than her severe case of halitosis that’s been brewing in her horrid mouth for years. I can see her recent and disappointing affairs through her poorly groomed hairstyle, and the sloppily-wrapped presents in her gift bags.”
Not even Sherlock knew that he had these, and John never told him about it. It was something about his past that John never deemed important, but it was always a nice private memory that he could visit anytime.
But Sherlock ignored his question as if he hadn't said a word. Instead, he leaned down next to John's side again, staring intensely at him.
“I was wrong, John.”
“No it isn’t, you snobby knob,” said Rosie, giggling.
Sherlock looked at him silently for a moment. Then, "Did you mean what you said?"
It was a while before they pulled apart, and they finally noticed the rest of Harry’s guests staring out of the window with tears in their eyes, cheering hysterically.
But it was no use. Sherlock’s mind kept returning to his estranged flatmate, the one that he had ultimately driven away.
"God. I can't imagine. Losing a brother like that."
And that was the end of that.
“Well, then,” John huffed a laugh. “That’s the best news that I’ve heard in a long time.”
John and Sherlock didn't speak or talk. There was nothing to be said, nothing to be done. John was almost convinced that Sherlock had just come up here so he wouldn't be alone tonight. Completely understandable.
"Right, well," said John, his voice shaky. "I've just got to check that it's not crooked. Then you're, well, free to go."
Now Mrs. Hudson sat on Sherlock's right side in the church pew, her small hand gently holding Sherlock's, and her other hand dabbing at her eyes. Sherlock made no move to hold her hand, to reciprocate. It was like he was the one that was dead.
“Ah!” John Watson sighs as he picks two-year-old Rosie up in his arms. “How are you today, pumpkin?”
Lights decorated the mantles, and the flat was filled with merry decorations and the delicious smell of cakes and biscuits. Lestrade was standing with Molly Hooper and Sally Donovan, drinking eggnog and hot chocolate, chattering indistinctly by the fireplace.
How could
John turned his head just slightly, looking at Sherlock's face in the dark. It was contorted. Tear-stained.
"Likewise," John replied, and shook his hand. "Something I can help you with?"
"I owe you a sincere apology, John," Sherlock said one night when he was pressed against John in the dark, snuggled up against him, and ready to fall asleep. "One that's long overdue."
“January 30, 2010,” said John through his breaths. “That’s how long I’ve loved you.”
“People do eat in here, you know!”
“It wouldn’t be healthy if I punched you in the face right at this moment.” John snapped back. “Now apologize to my sister!”
"We care about the bastard more than we should."
Once they were through the door, Sherlock pushed John against a wall for his turn at his lips, and everything just seemed to fall away. John held on tightly to Sherlock's neck, his weakened knees nearly bringing him down to the floor on several occasions, but Sherlock held him up, his hands grasping to John's arse.
"Yes, I know," John replied noncommittally. "I'll try to make it."
"You didn't have to die, you know," Sherlock said. His voice was not weak. It was strong. Sherlock was angry. "You didn't have to leave me. You didn't have to...you were the strong one, Mycroft! Always the strong one. Why didn't you think to check for any bombs or missiles? Why didn't your plane detect it in time? You're posh, you're a Holmes! How could you have been so stupid?!"
John turned around as if startled to hear his flatmate's voice, and he conceded defeat.
Everyone except for Sherlock, of course.
Sherlock's body was shaking now, his deep voice broken, his hair frizzled. John didn't know what to do. What could he do? How could he possibly help?
"Yes, it would appear so."
What will happen when John has to get close to Sherlock because he had to check if the cut was straight? Or, even worse, what if Sherlock got uncomfortable, and decided to end the session altogether?
He could do it.
Sherlock had started going on cases again. Just the other night, they had gone on a chase across the Thames, tracking down a petty theif with a gun. John engaged in a shooting match with him and won. John had missed the feeling of adrenaline in his veins. And when they got home, Sherlock had pinned John against the wall and snogged him breathless until John felt positively weak in the knees and Sherlock had to hold him up.
Sherlock is not a child. He's mourning the death of his brother. Just because Sherlock is mourning doesn't mean that he isn't capable of himself. Doesn't mean that Sherlock couldn't be left alone. Right? Oh Christ. This was all so complicated.
"They smell good," Sherlock said suddenly, and John looked up to find him leaning against the doorpost and watching John.
Then the sound of a phone ringing broke the air like a knife, and Sherlock's face reddened. The noise was incessant, like the sound of a screaming child.
"I'm fine," Sherlock said. He sighed. "I need a coffee. Maybe a biscuit."
"Eat," John said, and he wasn't asking. "Now."
But now there was something different in Sherlock's eyes this time. It was intense, a different version of the faint glint that they usually shared together when their eyes met.
John froze in place, looking up at Sherlock in absolute shock. Sherlock shifted into his feet, staring into John’s eyes with sheer desperation.
“Oh, do calm down, John, it’s not healthy to get so worked up.”
Sebastian laughed. He laughed like a businessman. "What, that trick? That trick he used to do, where he could look at you and tell you your whole life story?"
Sherlock looked at John, and couldn't help letting himself stare into the other man's eyes. John was so fascinating, so thoughtful; Sherlock found himself having to restrain the urge to pull John in by his lapels and kiss him right there in the snow.
Sherlock drew his hands to his face in absolute frustration and pity for himself.
“I love you.”
"Yes. Yes, I am," John bit out. "I'm his friend and colleague. Nice to meet you."
"I missed you," Sherlock whispered into the dark, and John's heart skipped a beat. "Through those two years. I missed you. I really did. It was like I wasn't home. And the feeling was...unpleasant to say the least."
Recently used.
It had all started on a bleak day, as it should have. It was raining for days, the quiet pattering on the roof loud and yet just soft enough to notice.
"It's a robbery, John. It's a five at most."
John pulled out his tools from his kit, ran his fingers through Sherlock's soft hair, and began to snip away.
Because of Sherlock's casual assurances, John was no longer self-aware of his proximity to Sherlock, nor was he nervous about it. If Sherlock didn't mind being close to John, and he was aware, then that was a win in John's book.
"Dammit. He told you that?" John groaned. "I'm gonna kill him."
Sherlock smiled, and he finished it with a soft breath.
Sherlock turned to John sharply, meeting his eyes with an intensity that tended to make John shiver.
"Yeah, but Sherlock-"
A tall Christmas tree was set up in the middle of the room, with lights strung together at the base, a rope of bright orbs coiled at the floor and wrapped halfway up the tree.
"I need to tell you something," Sherlock said, his voice deep and sober. "I-I need to get it out before I haven't the chance anymore."
"Sherlock is not my boyfriend," John stated firmly. "I've told you that before."
John laughed at his daughter’s pronunciation of his best friend and flatmate’s name.
"I love you too, Sherlock Holmes," John whispered. "God, I love you, too."
When John sat himself down, a book in his lap, he saw that Sherlock had slumped his thin body against the back of his leather chair, his eyes closed with his palms pressed together in prayer form.
Sherlock's hands trailed down across John's naked torso, his heated skin, and came to a halt at John's trousers, his hands right there, positioned at his crotch.
"Yes, I'm aware."
Then he resorted to knocking.
“You don’t have to shout, John, I’m right here.”
John and Sherlock stared at each other for what felt like ages, leaving Sherlock with nothing to do but forget what he was meant to say.
Later on that day, the three inhabitants of 221B Baker Street were sitting together in the livingroom. John sat in his chair reading the paper, and Sherlock was helping Rosie with her letter blocks.
And that seemed to be enough for now.
John sat back, studying him. "You want me to leave?"
"I haven't got a clue," said John, holding back a grin. "It looked a lot shorter down at the shop."
That was an answer.
“Okay.”
John watched as Sherlock looked up at him, still asking if this was all okay, if
"Sherlock," John breathed, and he rushed over, bent down, and John was checking his pulse, checking his pupils to see if they'd dilate. "Oh God Sherlock, what... please tell me you can hear me."
"I saw you looking at those bills today, John," said Sherlock tightly. "That's the only reason why I took this bloody case."
"Sherlock-"
"How awfully nice of you." John playfully exaggerated, and he found himself returning Sherlock's grin. "And what's the occasion?"
Sherlock was looking up at John, waiting for John to continue his sentence. John didn't know what to say. So he settled for, "I'll always be here for you."
"Sherlock, wait, don't!" John tried to say, but Sherlock was already unzipping the pouch.
"What? Necessarily? What do you mean by
It had only been a week that had passed, and Sherlock was as impatient as ever. Sherlock was never the type of person specifically for emotion (except to express absolute annoyance with Anderson) so he never admitted to his irritation. But over the course of time, John would sometimes catch him in the bathroom, checking the length of his hair to see if it had grown long enough.
"Merry Christmas, little brother!" Harry Watson greeted enthusiastically. "What, did you think I'd miss Johnny Boy on Christmas?"
Harry sighed wistfully as if she was talking about her favorite movie. "It's just so romantic, Johnny. I mean, the way that you talk about him. It's the kind of the way I would have talked about Clara."
John jumped in, stumbling over his words. "No-no problem, Major," he replied. "Not a problem at all."
Before Mr. and Mrs. Holmes would leave, they would always give Sherlock a long hug, telling him how much they love him. Sherlock hugged back, now. He'd always respond with, "Yes. I know." But that seemed to be enough.
"Maybe we could go. We haven't had one in weeks."
There was complete and utter silence in the office. John stared at Sebastian, and Sebastian stared back, neither of them backing down.
With a sharp exhale, John unhooked his mouth from Sherlock's ear, and went back to his lips, attacking the inside of his mouth with his tongue like there was a treasure inside. Sherlock reciprocated enthusiastically, energetically, moaning every second, his hands never resting.
Sherlock stopped, snapping his mouth shut, and now he was simply staring into John's eyes. John held his gaze for several seconds, not daring to break contact, even when he felt cold shivers down his back from the intensity of Sherlock's gaze.
John hadn't been able to think of anything else except Sherlock dipped in his arms, catching him in just a moment in time, in the middle of the air. After they were interrupted by Greg's call, they had investigated the case together. Since then, they both moved cautiously around each other, as if they were trying not to set off a bomb.
After a long second had passed with them simply just staring at each other, John looked away and cleared his throat.
John swore loudly and immediately ran around the table to grab paper towels to clean up the mess. The icing had gotten all over the floor, like sticky concentrated soup spreading along the tiles.
Minutes passed. John was starting to drift off again. But then Sherlock spoke.
John rolled his eyes lovingly at the detective next to him, and Sherlock smirked down at him, leaning down and pressing a small kiss to the doctor’s lips. John chuckled against him.
"Well, we know...stuff..about each other. Intimate stuff."
John turned around, facing Sebastian, and flipped him off with both hands before walking out of the office.
John holds his arms outstretched as Rosie waddles over to him, holding her teddy bear. She’s still rubbing her eyes after just having woken up, and her light blonde hair shines in the morning light that filters through the windows.
John knew Sherlock was speaking out of personal experience, but John could still feel a stab of pain in his chest as Sherlock spoke. Because it was all true. John very nearly died during those two years. If it hadn't been for Mary...
John shook his head to clear it of these thoughts, and he tried hard to return to his book, concentrating on the words. But it didn't work, and his focus was ruined.
"I want to watch your progress," Sherlock replied. "While being fully aware, this time, of course."
“John, I…” Sherlock paused. He swallowed. “I‘ve just got something to tell you and I’ve got to say it quickly.”
Then finally John built up the courage to look back at Sherlock's eyes again, and this time, John did not look away.
After a long moment of trying to talk himself out of the outrageous idea- and ultimately failing- John got up from his seat and went into his room.
John walked around the apartment. Checked his room. Checked the bathroom. No sign of Sherlock.
John inhaled sharply. He had not thought this through.
Quietly, John led Danny to a small and empty space far from the crowd of people sitting by the fire. It was only a simple patch of grass, which was perfect for the hair to fall on to.
John eyed the man warily. He hadn't cut hair since before he enlisted in the army. It had been an obligation that he had to do so he could get money to feed Harry. John sighed.
After the service, John led Sherlock out of the church, his hand clutching the other man's arm, knowing that Sherlock wouldn't want to stick around for refreshments. They breezed past Lestrade and Molly and Mrs. Hudson, and John gave a comforting hug to both of Sherlock's parents. Sherlock simply stood by like a spectre, emptily accepting hugs and sympathies from friends and family.
John watched as Sherlock knelt down in the grass, placing the flowers on the ground, and ran his fingers again over Mycroft's birthdate, and then the date of his death.
"Oh stop worrying, John." Sherlock sighed, waving his hand in the air, and effectively knocking John out of his stupor. "The closeness won't bother me. I'm simply curious as to how you do this. I've never trusted the barbers that I go to very much. They have a surprising amount of terrible things to deduce."
"What is it?" John asked, looking down at Sherlock.
Then John eyed Sherlock's room. The door was closed. As it always was.
But John had never seen a case like this, where Sherlock wouldn't talk, wouldn't eat, wouldn't sleep. This behavior would be regular for Sherlock, if he was working on a case. But he wasn't. He wasn't doing anything. There was something going on in his mind, something profound, and John had no fucking clue what it was.
"Only because you tell me so," Sherlock replied, and John chuckled.
"People like me?" Sebastian tilted his head. "Doctor Watson, perhaps it would be in your best interest to get out of my office."
"Friend?" Sebastian asked. The condescending tone could have been dripping off of the mouth of a cave.
Right. Sherlock was in his 'mind palace', then.
John knew that Sherlock wasn't going to talk, but he had to make it clear that he could. John looked at Sherlock, who was still looking down at the floor.
John huffed a sharp breath. “I thought you were better than this, Sherlock.”
John looked up, and for the first time, he saw legs sticking out from behind the bed, still and unmoving.
Sherlock looked up at John, surprise, and anticipation in his heavy-lidded and darkened eyes, and his kiss-swollen lips pulled into a breathy smirk.
"You're a prat, you know that?"
“Daddy, is Sheh-lock my other papa?”
"Please tell me how I can help you," John said, because he had no idea. Sherlock Holmes is not like most people. Or is he, really? Sherlock is human, that much is clear. Was his case similar to what John was used to? Or was Sherlock a completely different specimen altogther? It was difficult to tell.
Sherlock didn't respond. He didn't even nod his head this time. He just stared down at the ground, his face set like a stone, eyes still completely empty.
John nodded. "Right. Me too," John said. "It's getting pretty cold out, actually."
“Why would I?”
Rosie gave a yawn, and John smiled. He walked his daughter to her room and lay her down on her bed. She rubbed her eyes sleepily, ready to go back to sleep.
His barber tools hadn't been touched in years, not since his stint in the army, so John had to dig far into his closet to find the pouch.
“What did you just say?” John croaked.
Sherlock's eyes almost lit up for a split second, as if in approval at John's daring tone, but then it returned to the stoic expression.
"Psst. John." a voice hissed. "John Watson."
"Yes, really." John stared down hard. "Is that so hard to believe?"
s that were uttered in the night air. It might have been a love confession. It might not have been. John had a feeling they'd never really know what it was.
Sherlock kissed fervently, with energy that John had never seen or experienced before, not even when they were on cases. No, this was different. Much different. And they were both feeling it.
John turned from Sherlock, who was now staring at John with narrowed eyes. John hurried and went to sit down in his chair, pretending to become occupied with something on his laptop.
that he has a friend unless he had to.
It rained for a solid two weeks, and John was sure that this was the longest stint of rainfall ever to happen in London.
And once the stock Major was sitting down in the chair, John got to work.
John let out a contented sigh as the memories came flooding back, and he stretched his arms and back, scratching his skin and yawning.
And then just like that, John seized Sherlock's shoulders, and he flipped Sherlock's body so that he was now on top of Sherlock, his knees on either side of Sherlock's bony hips.
