He tapped the surface of his phone with a flick of his thumb.  “Did you tell her you were dying?” he yelled.
“Too late, turn!” she said, the order firm, and he turned, somehow matching the fluidity of her movements.  “Good.  And again.”
He took a step away from the sideboard, his hands locked on his cap again.  “Uh, that is to say, it’s-”  He blinked up at Steve, his face pale.  “Three.  Three, sir.  All sisters.”
He stepped into a whole other world.
“Bet I still ban it,” Tony said under his breath.  Steve squeezed his hand, and Tonu grumbled something under his breath, making Steve smile.
“I’ll draw up the papers immediately, sir, will you be dictating the exact terms of my dismissal to me or shall I use my best judgement?”
“And I’m sure they were in a worse mood when you left,” Pepper said with a smile.
It was closer to thirty when he returned, still damp from the shower and wearing a clean pair of sweatpants and t-shirt, he had two bottles of beer dangling from one hand.  The smell of garlic and tomato hung heavy in the air as he poked his head into the media room.  “We need plates?”
Jan's teeth sank into her lower lip. “You don't seem fine.”
“In all fairness to him, neither am I,” Steve admitted.  He looked up.  The sky was clear and blue, not a cloud in sight.  “And as long as the weather stays clear, we’ll be fine.”  He glanced at Rhodes.  “We’ll make it work.”
“You don’t need to babysit me.” Tony took a sip of his coffee.  “Promise I won’t be setting anything on fire for at least-”  His eyes flicked towards the clock.  “The next thirty minates.”
Jarvis’ face relaxed.  “It means, sir, that DJ is a very active child,” he said, and Tony told himself that he absolutely could not see a faint glint of humor in Jarvis’ eyes.  “Just as you were.  We should expect a certain number of bruised arms, skinned knees, and sprained joints.”  One eyebrow arched.  “I kept quite a record of your own scrapes and bruises, for fear that someday, I should be accused of not taking proper care of you.”
“I’m not going to stop you,” Tony told her.
Rogers leaned in.  "I think," he said, and yes, that voice was going to haunt Tony's dreams in the best way possible, "you'll find that I'll dare quite a bit, Mr. Stark."  His eyes narrowed.  "Especially when I'm dealing with a high class fella doing his level best to throw his weight around."
"If you had a severe problem with alcohol, like, maybe not alcoholic levels, but you realized your relationship with alcohol was definitely not healthy and could lead you to make very poor decisions, up to and including public humiliation, would you choose to hang out in a bar?" Steve asked.
“Right.” Clint reached up and shoved Tony away as he rolled to his feet.  “Buffet.  Corn dogs.”
Ellen stared.  “Is that-”  Her head snapped up, so fast that she ended up swaying in place, her head spinning.  “Is that STEVE ROGERS?”
Tony was aware, on some level, of Peter leaving, but May was still there, her attention on him now, her face unreadable as she stared him down.  Tony held up a hand  “I know, I know, I overstepped, it’s not my place to discipline him, that’s-  He’s your nephew, and I apologize for-”
“Quite so,” Jarvis said.  “And sir has decided he should accompany DJ and that means-”
“You tried to BITE me,” Bruce said, as Jarvis offered him a hand up.
"I wasn't planning on it, no," Steve said, his eyebrows arching.  "I mean, took me this long to get into a relationship."  He shrugged.  "It was exhausting, to be honest, I don't know how people manage to juggle several."  He leaned forward, his eyes opened wide in a mock expression of confusion.  "Unless you mean, am I worried about Tony cheating on me?"
Steve hand caught his, dragging him to a stop. “I love you,” he said, his grin so wide that it was barely contained. “I love you, I-”
“Yeah, him,” Darcy said, hooking a thumb in Harris’ direction.  He raised a hand and wiggled his fingers in an apologetic wave.
Tony scraped a hand over his face, stealing an extra second of silence.  “Once or twice.”
Steve swallowed.  “Isn't this-”  He stopped.  “It's not fair, it's not right.  Just because I feel this way, isn't this-” He shook his head.  “It's not right.  To use this to my advantage like this, it's not right.  We have to do this in public, Sam, I can't pressure him into something he might not...”  His throat hurt.  “Into something he doesn't want.”
“In a New York minute,” Bobbi said, slapping the back of the seat.  “Out, sister.”
“I don’t,” Tony told him, kicking a feather boa away from his ankle.
“You're better off,” Steve said, grinning.
But he'd never asked.  He'd never said the words aloud, not even in the relative safety of art school, where everyone suspected and few people cared.  You suspected.  You understood.  But you never, ever said anything out loud.  Other people did, he supposed, other people found lovers somehow, and it seemed hard to do that without actually giving a name to what you were.  But Steve, small and weak and fragile, knew better.
Unable to help her curiosity, Pepper came to stand beside Steve. Her eyes drunk in the canvas hungrily; it was practically a dream to see a piece in progress. “Oh, Steve, it’s beautiful.” The canvas was mostly a scape of greys and blacks – shadows the melted together as though the colors had been blurred by the rain. In the midst of all the darkness was the figure of a man, back bent against the rain, walking away from the viewer; the only detail truly distinguishable about him was the red umbrella held above his head, like a beacon of color in the darkness of the storm. “Is it for the new album?” One of the things that made O Captain so unique (and personally interesting to Pepper) was that most of their songs began as one of Roger’s paintings. Then he or one of his bandmates would write the song to match the painting. Once in a while Rogers would paint while one of his bandmates wrote a song – the processes informing each other. That was why each album had an accompanying art book for purchase, as the artwork was as important as the music itself.
“Works for me.” Steve hesitated. “This one is going to be called ‘Us Against the World.’ I’ve got the song written to go with it, so maybe next album.”
Shooting Tony a stern look, Pepper pulled out her best public relations voice, “Of course, Steve. Mr. Stark was aware that O Captain was performing tonight; he signed all of the paperwork. I am looking forward to Tony explaining just what he thinks he’s doing to our guest.”
The lights on the stage dimmed as the band moved into place. A drummer, a keyboardist, a bassist, two guitarists… nothing revolutionary so far. Tony tipped his head to the side and narrowed his eyes at the shadowed figures; there was something strange about them. Maybe it was the fact four of them seemed rather muscular – more bodybuilders than musicians – but there was something else, something he could not quite put his finger on, that unsettled him. Electric anxiety began to blur under his skin as his eyes kept drifting back to the central figure. “Excuse me, senator. I believe I’m needed,” Tony said abruptly, cutting the politician off mid-word without a thought. Then, in a buzz of motion, he began to push his way through the crowd.
"Give her a few minutes" he wanted to argue but he knew Nat was right. She usually was.
"I'll go right, Clint you go left, Nomad you go straight" Nat ordered, and like Tony took off before anyone could agree or disagree. Clint shrugged at him, before going down his assigned hallway. Steve waited for them to be gone, before he went down his own hallway, not trying to be stealthy. The base was clearly abandoned, there was no hydro and the dust that had settled on the ground hadn't been disturbed in a long time.
"Well done Nomad!" Thor cheered, and Steve let out a small laugh.
"And we all know how trustworthy the government is right? It's not like S.H.I.E.L.D turned out to actually be H.Y.D.R.A in disguise. They told me you saw the raft. Do you honestly think that that's right. We get dropped off in the middle of the ocean, where we'll be forgotten all because we don't want to sign the accords. Did you see Wanda? She was wearing a shock collar and straight jacket" they sat in an uncomfortable silence for a few minutes. Maybe time couldn't heal all wounds. Maybe they were too broken to ever mold together again. Steve sighed, redrawing Tony's attention.
"I apologized for everything except the accords, we both cried a little, and he said he would stay" he also said he was scared of Steve, but that was something he wanted to push to the back of his mind and lock away. He could fix it, he could make Tony not scared of him anymore. He wasn't sure how yet, but he would figure it out. Nat stopped walking and grabbed his wrist to stop him as well. If he wanted to he could have kept going, but he never used his strength against his friends.
Ya, he'd definitely have an entire building collapse on him if it meant he could be closer to his family.
“Sure, you can do it” he smiled at Tony, who smiled almost shyly back which was unusual because Tony Stark did not do shy. It was adorable to see though.
"How many times do I have to tell you Barnes that you are wrong before you get it through your thick skull?" he heard Sam snap from inside the kitchen and Steve fondly rolled his eyes. Despite the negative attitude the two portrayed towards each other he could see how much they cared about one another. If Bucky was up all night with nightmares, Sam would sit on the couch with him and watch tv. He claimed it was because his military hours had programmed him that way, but everyone knew the truth. And if Sam overworked himself in the gym trying to keep up with two super soldiers Bucky would help drag Sam out of the room and to the couch. He'd insult the man all the way there, but the playful look in his eyes told he wasn't serious. It was nice to see Bucky warming to someone who wasn't himself.
Tony's heartbroken cry as Steve hit him for the first time, and Steve wanting to throw up as he realized what he had just done.
Even after all this time, Steve still knew everything he loved.
Steve dug the bottom of his palms into his eyes to stop the tears that were slowly forming before they had the chance to fall. He could still hear the way his shield hit the reactor, over and over again it played in his head like an annoying jingle you can’t unhear. Sometimes he would see himself decapitate his husband. Sometimes he'd watch him bleed out. But the worst was when he would kill Tony and his dream self wouldn't react. He was an emotionless soldier. Those nights he would wake up with puke on his pillow. Part of the reason he stopped sleeping. The other being he couldn't sleep alone anymore. A quiet knock on the door stopped his inner pity party.
"You didn't either" Steve pointed out, watching as Maria started to crawl to a concentrating James who had re picked up his blocks. Of course, now was the time she would grow bored of Dora, not in say about ten minutes after Tony found out she and James existed. Tony laughed on the phone but it was bitter and broken.
"Thanks Steve" after a few seconds she let go, and Steve followed her out of the room.
"Thanks to you" Clint told him, smiling slightly.
“Yes, I figured it was about time I got it checked out” he chuckled as he moved to sit down on the bed the doctor was patting.
“You really don’t have to concern yourself with it. You’re here enjoying your time away from meetings, you don’t need to get involved in this one” he brought Tony’s plate over to him, before turning back to start his own, but he was stopped by a hand on his wrist, forcing him back around.
"Ya, just make sure you don't accidentally poke her mouth with the fork. Accidentally did that once and she cried for ten minutes" what a terrible memory that was. It was one of Steve's first times feeding her with a fork, and they didn't have any clean rubber spoons so he used the forks he used and accidentally poked her. She screamed for ten minutes and Steve felt like the worst father in the world.
Tony had just rolled his eyes, but it wasn't in annoyance.
"Sorry, it just slipped out"
"Did you want to eat together?" Steve blurted out before he could think it through, but he was tired of walking on egg shells. He may as well just go for it, or hold his tongue. Tony looked shocked at the question, and Steve thought he would decline but he didn't.
exhaling slowly he let up on his grip, and winced a little at the finger indents left on the front cover of The Cat In The Hat.
Enjoy
Steve hurried back to his house, needing to see his kids now even more than before his talk with Nat because no matter the situation they always calmed him down. But when he entered everything was not calm. Because Tony and Rhodey were sitting on one side of his living room, Wanda and Vision on the other, and the kids playing in the middle. Pepper and Happy must have left already, today being too much of an adventure for them to endure much else. He wasn't sure how long they had been here, but he was sure that as soon as they arrived the heated stares started. Tony was glaring at Wanda, Wanda's fingers had sparks of red shooting out randomly, Rhodey was watching the kids make a mess, and Vision was looking at Steve.
On Steve’s eighth birthday, Tony invites Steve over to his home.
He’s glad it's Natasha keeping him company. She always seems to know the right words and things to say and do. Rhodey and Pepper would just nag at Tony and try to strangle Steve. Thor, Bruce, and Clint are great and all but they’re not the best at things like this. Steve and Barnes are out of the question.
Tony isn’t much for talking. He ducks his head a lot, fiddles with his pencils, and flinches at any sudden movement. A lot of kids find him weird. Steve thinks he’s just shy.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “You complaining?”
He won’t think of that now. Not when he’s so close.
“Goddamn it, Nat.” Tony heaves a sigh. “Look, just get JARVIS to—”
“I told you I can play nice.”
Steve barely stifles a laugh as he watches Natasha drag him back to the living room by the collar.
“Just tired. Today has been a long day, you know? Picking Barnes up, helping his ass and not to mention—”
“Good night?” Clint begins, waggling his eyebrows.
“Yeah, but you shouldn’t need to—”
It’s not to say that Tony’s always huddled up in his workshop. Like sure, he’d pop up from time to time if there’s Movie Night or Game Night Tony barely comes out of his workshop, refuses to even take a step away from his worktable for food and sleep. Even back in the early days, Steve had to hoist him over his shoulder and carry him out just to make sure he was staying healthy.
Stupidly pining. Stupidly heartsick. Stupidly, stupidly, stupidly—
Natasha sighs, rolling her eyes. “Don’t play dumb. We both know they’re just movies.”
Tony feels his cheeks warm. “Rhodey actually dared me to master it in a year. I did it in six months.”
Okay, now Steve
Time doesn’t stop. Tony wishes it did, wishes he could bottle this man up in his mind because he's just so goddamn ethereal.
“It’s a date.”
“Seven!”
“No. I just—” Steve sighs. “Just to clarify, it’s the same for me. I fell for you not because you’re Tony Stark or Iron Man. I fell for you because you’re Tony.”
Tony stills.
“—I’d rather we do it somewhere we’re less likely to suffocate.”
And just like that, Steve crumples.
He can easily remember everything about that night. The conversations they had, of the way Steve threw his head back as he laughed at a shitty pun Tony made, of the grease staining their fingers as they shared a bowl of fries, of the bar lights casting a golden halo over Steve’s head because he’s goddamn fucking angel.
“—say something.”
Clint whoops. Thor blows on his party horn.
The smile she sends his way is blinding, her blue eyes twinkling.
He sets the gummy bears back on the music rack, a thought suddenly crossing his mind. “Wait. How the fuck did you find me? No one else knows about this place but me, myself, and I. And well, JARVIS.” He freezes. “Wait—”
“Yeah.”
Not for the first time, he lets himself pretend, lets himself be the man he could be for Steve, lets himself pretend that he deserves the warmth radiating from his side, the brush of fingers against his own.
“It’s a nickname,” Tony replies, his eyebrows knitting together. “You’re Captain America. Why—”
“She is badass! Once, she had taken down several frost giants all on her own! It was the—”
Tony sighs. He would like to keep his head for the moment. “Fine. I think I like him. Happy now?”
Tony stills.
A combination of disappointment and relief floods through Steve. At least he knows now Steve isn’t Tony’s type.
Shaking his head, Tony drags his feet to the HARM room.
“And here I thought
He made it after a conversation with Bucky and Sam, which involved them trying to persuade Steve to ask Tony out for the millionth time. And just like all those times before, Steve had chickened out, opting to channel his feelings through art instead.
“Yes. I mean, no! I mean, I just… I just don’t think I should do it.”
With a long stretch and cracking of knuckles, Tony begins to play.
But sometimes,
He gets Natasha, Thor even. But for Bruce to agree with Clint without any hesitation is just unheard of.
Steve’s smile remains as tender as it was before, his posture remaining firm. Tony almost stutters to a stop.
“They’re gray.”
“Morse.”
Steve’s eyes narrow, pinning him with his signature Look of Disappointment™. “We’re toys. You very well know we have our own free thought and will.”
Steve’s a different story though. There are moments, moments when he watches Steve’s gaze wander and linger and tighten, his eyes darkening. It’s probably nothing.
Tony’s lips quirk to the side. “C’mon. You know you guys look alike.”
And then, there’s Johnny Storm.
“Well, that was something.”
“Don’t you worry that pretty little head of yours,” he says, poking Steve in the ribs. “I’m a big boy. I know how to handle a little date. Nothing I can't handle.”
Maybe he’s not the only one in the family who deals with pining in weird ways.
Tony freezes, his heart in his throat.
Steve stills. “Tony—”
Once upon a time, Tony would’ve turned on his heel and started walking. Running. Getting as far away as he can just to avoid a little glimpse.
“As you should—”
The thought of Tony’s ex helping Bruce set Tony and Bruce's cousin up doesn’t sit well with Steve.
Carol rolls her eyes, elbowing Tony’s side. Steve fights off the small glimpse of annoyance ignited in him.
“Don’t worry,” Steve replies. “I’ve given up trying to understand him.”
Steve pauses, his eyes roaming around, drinking Tony in. “You look… You look…”
It’s not like out of the ordinary weird. Not for Tony, anyway. He’s well aware he doesn’t make friends easily. Bucky tossed him into Miles’ stack of color pencils when they first met without any explanation.
“Okay. Fine. But you guys are dressed—”
“So I say,” Clint affirms from Steve’s couch. “I mean, when have I been wrong?”
Oh, who is he kidding? His level of fun barely reaches Johnny’s level of fun, let alone eclipses it.
“You boys can go ahead,” his mother’s voice pipes up from behind them, jolting them both apart. “I can close up. The sooner Steve stops talking about how gorgeous your brown eyes are, the better.”
“Right?”
Tony doesn’t see the kiss coming, tumbling onto his back at the force of Steve’s lunge. Steve always kisses like Tony’s his lifeline and holds him like he’d fade away if he let go. It always leaves him breathless, always gives Tony no choice but to surrender.
Tony sighs, taking a large gulp from his glass. He almost moans at the clash of flavors swirling around on his tongue. The irony of a werewolf brewing one of the best vampire drinks Tony’s ever tasted. “Alright, alright.”
So all he can do is hide in the bathroom that was once theirs as Steve packs the last of his things. Tony doesn’t want to know. See the truth of it. He doubts his heart could take it.
For a moment, Natasha is silent. Natasha’s silence is always uncomfortable. Steve opens his eyes, meeting her curious gaze. It’s as unnerving as the silence. He turns away, hastily pulling on the rest of his clothes.
Steve’s lips quirk to the side. “Maybe if you offer me a hundred, I’d consider telling.”
. “You haven’t ruined a thing.”
“If you say that the way they’re acting confirms they’re together, I will steal that ring and propose to him myself.”
Tony shakes his head. Hawkeyes. He’ll never understand them.
Tony doesn’t tell anyone about it. He’s not ready for it. Or at least, for now.
“Teasing me, huh?”
Steve Rogers who saw him at his worst and tried putting him back together.
Tony couldn’t help but snicker. “Sorry. Couldn’t resist. Wanted to test that super soldier memory and reflexes. Turns out they aren’t as cracked up to be.”
“Tony—”
Clint smirks. “So you say.”
Steve swallows, doing his best to tamp his nerves down. “I, uh… Yeah.”
“By making said Asgardian god take part in a drinking contest?” Steve remarks dryly.
“And lost,” Tony echoes kindly. “But you did, anyway. You stood up for Peter. And all the other times you stood up to the bullies at school. It’s amazing.”
The smile he receives is as bright as a thousand suns. This is how Tony loses the war called love.
Steve steals another kiss from Tony, sweet and tender. Tony couldn’t help but smile into the kiss. “For the right reasons.”
“You know who I am?”
“Inception has—”
Steve glances around. “What am I supposed to— Oh god.”
“Why would it be weird?” Bruce returns.
“You have my heartiest felicitations!” Thor cries, banging his fist on the coffee table. It’s a good thing Tony reinforced it not long ago. “May your love be enduring and may you both be blessed with many babes—”
“Oh, it’s gonna be like that, huh? Fine. We can play this game.” Tony nudges his head towards the piano. “Play with me.”
“I knew that already. You wouldn’t be jealous, otherwise.”
. That explains a lot.”
“Hey—”
“I know it sounds weird—”
Steve sighs. “Is this what it feels like to be Tony?”
Tony thinks as he uncorks his first bottle of wine.
Tony ignores Steve’s protests, zipping off to let JARVIS whisk him down to his workshop.
They lapse into a comfortable silence, absorbing the bustle around them.
"Steve Rogers you listen to me; you are the best damn man I know. If this child is like you, then he or she is already perfect. Don't punish the baby for the parents it will have" it hit him all of sudden as to why Nat cared about this so much. Here he was crying about getting pregnant, to a girl who had the chance of ever getting pregnant taken from her, when she was sterilized in the red room. And also he was crying about losing the love of his life to a girl who had literally lost hers. No one knew where Bruce was, or if he was even alive. God, he was a fucking idiot. But before he could apologize she opened her mouth again and kept talking almost like she knew what he was going to say, and didn't want to hear it.
"You said Tony took the first shot. Did he apologize for that?" Steve slowly shook his head, and she kept going. "Steve I've seen you break open a punching bag after one hit. And the bag was supposed to be indestructible"
"Nothing, my hallway curved and connected to Nomad's hallway, so Nomad it's me behind you don't attack" Shit, he could faintly hear Nat's footsteps, getting closer after every second. His phone buzzed again.
"Of course" Steve jumped a little at how cold the gel was, eyes flashing for a split second to the ice, before composing himself and relaxing. He had really been trying to get better at how he reacted to the cold, but living in an African country there wasn't much to practice with.
"Sorry, sorry got lost in my head for a few seconds. Sure, we have plenty of room. The others will also be staying here because they live here as well. But if that's going to be a problem I suggest staying in the palace" ignoring everyone's looks of worry, seriously could everyone stop looking at him like that it's been a day and those are the only looks he's bee receiving, he put Maria and James on the floor. James was instantly drawn back to his building blocks, and Maria crawled over to Wanda who sat down on the floor to play with her.
"Really? You haven't called for two years"
The boom was deafening as the bomb exploded, the walls rattling as pieces started to fall. The force caused him to bang his head against the wall, but he soldiered on and dug his fingers into the wall causing dents from his strength. Debris started to fall onto him, the ceiling starting to crack above them. Still he did not move, not letting a single piece touch either of his friends.
"What about you?" Clint asked, but he was already crawling out from under Steve, offering Nat his hand when he was out so he could tug her along.
"Come on James, I need you to cooperate with me" Steve begged his kid, who was fighting him because he would much rather stay in his pj's. Maria was in a pale blue dress, with a daisy headband on her head. James had brown pants and a cute button up blue shirt, same colour as his sister's. Steve shied away from the blue, and instead wore a red button up shirt and black dress pants. The red obviously had its symbolism. Maria had been easy to dress, but James was fighting Steve while he tried to button the shirt.
He was getting a call.
"I don't remember promising anything" Steve teased and Wanda huffed, before marching the rest of the way to the palace. It wasn't that long of a walk, and it was peaceful and warm so no one minded. Nat, Bucky, Sam, T'Challa, Shuri, Nakia, Okoye, Queen Ramonda, and Adia were all going to be there, and a few other palace people that Steve knew. Tony would definitely bring Rhodey and Pepper, maybe Happy, and Wanda said Vision was coming, so it would be a decent sized party. Clint and Scott couldn't make it, both not wanting to risk anything with their house arrests, but soon they swore they would see each other again. And Bruce and Thor were still no shows. No one even knew if Bruce was alive.
thinking about our kids. It’s why I’m not going to do anything stupid”, reckless maybe, but Tony didn’t need to know that, “but five men have been killed simply because they look like me. I can’t let them die Tony, I just can’t. These men have families, friends, lovers, maybe even kids of their own. They’ll never go home to them again, all because of me” he had already been lectured over how stupid this could turn out to be, and he didn’t need another one. This was something he had to do, and yes, it sucks because he has people he needs to live for, but so did those men. At least he can defend themselves, they can’t.
“Let’s go find a bird other than a robin or a cardinal”
"That was one time! And you swore you would never speak of it again" she playfully punched his shoulder, and Steve chuckled. What an embarrassing moment that had been for all of them, when Steve had opened up the broom closet in the palace, thinking it was a bathroom door, and instead of a toilet he saw Wanda and Vision in a heavy make out session. Thankfully, clothes were still on.
One last thing; will Thor, Bruce, and Clint ever get back with the team? And the answer is yes, we just have to be patient.
“I get I’m not a supersoldier, or a spy, or an assassin, but I’m not a liability! Is that what you think, that I’m so weak you’ll be distracted trying to keep me safe? Or are you going to be so busy looking over your shoulder, making sure
"That look has never worked before, and it's not going to work now. But I should make an appearance with you guys so that H.Y.D.R.A can figure out what I look like" and instantly everyone looked like they disagreed but he held up his hand, silencing them. "Men are dying because of me. At least if H.Y.D.R.A knows what I look like they'll stop grabbing random people and shooting them"
"Exactly" Bucky smirked, and Sam punched his shoulder, a lot more gentle then he would have two years ago. Something was happening between the two of them, and Steve was happy to sit back and watch them realize they loved each other. If this was how he and Tony acted in the beginning, both hiding their feelings with snark and attitude then he understood why everyone smirked knowingly at each other when he and Tony talked. Because now he shared those smirks with Nat and Wanda.
"Steve, did you have stuff to apologize for? Yes. But you aren't the only one who has too. I've seen you beat yourself up for two years over everything, so I know you genuinely feel sorry" she tried to explain but Steve shook his head at her.
"Does that really change anything though?" and he knew that her word wasn't the gospel, but if she said yes then he'd take it. She stood up, pat his arm, and left without answering leaving him to find his own answer.
on it, not moving.
"Don't worry about me, just go!" he said, sounding so much like his Captain self. He didn't miss the way Clint and Nat seemed to tense up, probably thinking about it as well.
“What time does everyone else get up?”
"Tony?" Pepper never answered the phone in her usual playful tone anymore, always sounding like she was walking on eggshells. Ever since the accords she had become more worried about Tony then she already was, and couldn't find it in herself to get mad at him for anything anymore.
"You're a natural" Steve praised and Tony blushed a little.
"I should have told you about the kids" this conversation wasn't going to get better, so he may as well just go all out now. "But I wasn't going to take the chance that you could take them from me, or that we could be tracked. We're very lucky to be here in Wakanda, but even this place isn't impenetrable. I just, I need them safe and I need them with me" because I will loose my mind. Did he have anything else he needed to apologize for? He didn't think so.
"Why?"
"I called you to side with me, not him" Tony whined rubbing his eyes with his hands. His head hurt.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We have a boy and a girl. Almost a year old, in two weeks they will be" Steve started to speak and he heard Tony let out a quiet hum.
kid" he spat at Tony, who flinched a little at how angry he sounded. Getting mad seemed to be impossible to avoid no matter how hard he tried.
"Ready?" he nodded and waited for her to pass before following after her. But as she passed him, she stopped to hug his side. It was a little awkward considering they were both holding a child, but Steve wouldn't complain.
"That's sad and all, but why does this matter to us?" Sam asked, crossing his arms and raising his eyebrows. Good, Steve wasn't the only one who couldn't piece it together. He hated feeling like a moron, it usually reminded him of how uncultured he was in this century. Shuri and her brother shared a look that made Steve huff in annoyance over being left out.
"We're having a party, in two weeks for their first birthday. Would you want to come? You could come a few days earlier if you wanted, that way you could meet them in private, and you could bring whoever you wanted. I could text you our coordinates"
"Your kids will be lucky Steve. A twin bond is a special bond" Steve took a chance and rested a hand on her shoulder and that's all it took for her to slump into his side and sob. He stroked her hair hoping he was being comforting. Tony liked to be held after he woke from a nightmare and had calmed down a bit. He didn't like to be touched right away, needing the space to work out his thoughts, but when he was ready he was a teddy bear.
“Hilarious” he deadpanned, turning to the stove to make the eggs.
"Of course, how silly of me to think otherwise. So this is where you guys have been hiding? Kitty cat had a change of heart and decided to take you guys in?" Tony continued to pry, not hiding the bitterness in his voice.
"Four minutes and twenty three seconds" Natasha answered flipping to the next page of her book never lifting her eyes.
"Bucky is bound to get with Sam before easter, so it wouldn't make sense to name both Sam and Bucky as godparents" Nat jumped in, coming up with a better excuse than Steve could have. Poor Maria. With a Stark as a parent and a deadly spy who also liked to put people in awkward situations, the girl was bound to be snarky as hell. Scratch that. Not poor Maria. Poor world.
"We'll keep you posted" Steve smiled at Bruce. The man squinted his eyes, like he couldn't understand why Steve was talking to him, but slowly he nodded his head.
I am so sorry for the long wait. But here is a brand new chapter, that I hope you all enjoy. Happy New Years to everyone, stay safe and have fun
"That's enough Tony!" Pepper finally snapped, and it shocked Tony enough to listen. "Should Steve have told you? Yes. But see things from his perspective; he's a wanted criminal. The kids could be taken from him. If he had called you you could have turned him in, and taken the kids. Now before you say you would never" she cut off Tony who was about to say exactly that "he doesn't know that. He was on a different side then you, and he almost killed you in a fit of rage. He probably wouldn't blame you if you took them" why did she always have to be right?
"We would love too if you have the room" Rhodey answered instead of Tony, and Tony shot him a thankful smile over being saved. The way they acted together was exactly like how Steve and Bucky used to be, which brought what Nat said to him back into his mind.
Hope you enjoyed the WinterFalcon
"Hey Steve, we're going to bring the cake out now" Adia stepped in, and bless that woman. She wrapped an arm around his waist, her petite frame making her not able to reach his shoulders not that many people could, and guided him away to stand in front of the connecting kitchen doors where they would roll out the cake. He knew T'Challa had probably order the cake to be brought out earlier to save people from awkwardly standing around waiting to do something.
"I can't tell you that Tony. Tony I wanted to tell you, I really did, but I was to scared and that doesn't excuse it, really, but I couldn't let anything happen to them" Steve answered without actually answering but Tony was smart. He'd figure it out. He waited for Tony to answer, and when he didn't Steve spoke up.
“Good morning sweethearts” Steve grinned, seeing both of his kids standing in their cribs. It was tricky dealing with both of them in the morning; both wanted his immediate attention, and he couldn’t change and dress both of them at the same time, meaning someone had to wait. And the thing about one year olds, is you can’t explain that to them. So, they usually end up crying.
"What?" Pepper asked in shock, not believing what she had just heard.
"Sorry, it just slipped out. Listen Tony, there's actually a reason I called" this was it, this was the moment of truth. "Tony, I, no we. Tony we have-" a wail came from the living room, and Steve looked up in horror as Maria knocked all of Jame's blocks over.
Shit, Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn't demand that Steve hand the kids over to him, which was good. Not like Steve would ever, but it meant that Tony wasn't going to try and take them from him. At least Steve could say that he had told Tony the truth now; his conscious wouldn't eat away at him anymore. And really, Steve's been raising the kids for almost a year without Tony, he could continue to do it. Steve was fine. A good soldier can walk through hell with a smile, and that's exactly what he planned on doing.
"You don't have to talk. But give him small things. Baby steps" Steve didn't turn around to see if Tony had listened, but when the Black Widow told you to do something, you did it or feared pain. No time away from one another would allow you to forget that. Slowly, Tony moved up to stand beside him facing Nat with a worried expression. She just rolled her eyes at him.
"I was angry. At the fact that Barnes had killed my mother, but also at the fact that my husband wasn't by my side. We fought wars together side by side, but when I really needed you by my side, you weren't there. Seeing you leave with Barnes, was the most heartbreaking thing I've ever watched. There I was laying on the floor, and there you went walking away" Tony stopped, like he was trying to find the words to say, and Steve wondered if he would apologize or not.
"We'll talk. Later. After this, just the two of us" and that was the best news Steve had received all day.
"Maria" Steve sighed, grabbing the sandwich from the plate of burgers it had landed on.
"BOMB" he yelled over the comm, grabbing Nat, who yelled in shock, and threw her over his shoulder, before sprinting down his hallway.
"Wanda" he started but she kept talking.
"Feeling a bit tired today Miss. Adia" the doctor playfully rolled her eyes. No matter how many times you told Steve to drop the formalities he would never listen. He was the perfect gentlemen.
"Alright soldier, let's try it this was; what's the standard way to kill someone in battle?" Steve raised his eyebrows at her, not following but she looked at him with a stare that said answer the question.
"Thanks" he huffed, locking his arms up even tighter as more debris started to fall. A particularly sharp piece fell and dug into his bicep, causing him to let out a hiss of pain as it scraped his skin, causing blood to bubble to the surface.
“Great Barnes, you’ve taught Maria to eat like yourself” Sam playfully sighed seeing a resemblance between Maria’s ketchup covered face, and Bucky’s mustard and ketchup lips.
“I’d love to” they grinned at each other, only looking away when Maria threw a cheerio at James, who copied her.
"Well it's about time" and suddenly everyone's eyes were on them, and oh god Tony was looking at him, and Steve was no longer sure he could do this. Thankfully he was saved by Nat, because Nat was always there for him, who came over to steal Maria.
Thor followed Tony's command, and together they put down the ceiling. Tony grabbed his wrist and dragged him out of the room Thor following close behind, just moments before the wall he had been beside collapsed right where he had been standing.
was what he wanted his mornings to be like everyday. He would try and push the seven am morning thing back, but he would endure it if it meant this was what he woke up to.
"Never before had I ever been scared of you. Mr justice, freedom, and apple pie's. But in that moment, you terrified me. And seeing you now, I realize you still scare me" Steve bit his lip harder, not registering the pain, and he could feel it split and the taste of pennies filled his mouth.
It was Shuri who noticed them first, and she clapped her hands together when she saw them.
Tony hung up and threw the phone across the room, watching it hit one of his suits and bounce to the floor. He had a kid. Them. Steve had said them, meaning more then one. He had kids and he didn't know about them. He had kids that were almost a year old, and Steve didn't tell him. His vision got blurrier around the edges and it felt like his chest was being squeezed.
"Steve?" Wanda snapped him out his head by gently placing a hand on his shoulder, frowning when he flinched under her touch.
"Of course he did, have you seen the outfit you put him in?" Bucky walked over teasing, but Steve could see how tense he was, and his eyes kept flickering to Tony's side of the room. It was like he was waiting to be attacked. Bucky looked the best out of everyone; while everyone changed their looks to loose their identity, he changed to find his identity. Physically he didn't look much different. He got a new arm that Shuri made him out of vibranium, but that was really the only physical change. It was the aura around him that had changed; it was happy, and carefree and it was like the old Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hello Maria" he murmured, and a stray tear rolled down Steve's cheek at the beautiful scene before him. For a little while he could pretend they were as perfect as this picture. Maria clapped her hands against Tony's cheeks and giggled as she repeatedly did it.
"Told ya, she's a little devil. But she's fine, one piece of cake won't hurt her. And she's getting more on the floor then in her mouth" Tony nodded and relaxed, and let Maria be.
"I told you, she has the Stark smirk" Steve told Tony when he saw Maria's face. It amazed him how much sass and deviousness a one year old could put into a look, but their daughter had mastered it. He glanced over at Tony who was smiling at her, looking completely in love. It was obvious that James would pursue the same interests as Tony, maybe even have his brain, but it was Maria who would have the Stark personality. They should really warn people that instead of one Stark there would be two. Steve wasn't sure if the world could handle two together, and if they ever all lived together again the amount of sass, back talking, and inappropriate jokes would be through the roof. After all, no one snarks like a Stark.
"We have kids!" Tony blurted out before she could finish, and he threw one of his wrenches across the room, finding the urge to destroy things instead of fix them.
"I'm sorry, that wasn't that funny" he apologized, but Tony cut him off with a chuckle that sent chills throughout him.
“I bet Wanda doesn’t sleep in that late, you soldiers, spies, and assassins are just extremely early risers. Sleeping in for you guys is what, eight? That’s early for the rest of the world” Tony teased, smiling appreciatively as Tony put a cup of coffee in front of him.
"You mean a man who was tortured and brainwashed for years, by the worst organization to ever exist? He wasn't in control of himself Tony, and you know that. You're reasoning is just being clouded because it's personal to you. But let me put it this way for you. Do you blame Clint for what happened with Loki? Or after Extremist, if I had become a murdering tool like the others, would you arrest me? Or try and kill me?"
"Twins. You'll have to start eating even more, and make sure to stick to healthy foods, remember the list of no no foods I gave you, but don't forget to eat a snack every once in a while. Having chips or pizza will not hurt the baby, and it will help your mood. Nobody could eat only vegetables for a week and be happy. No pushing yourself in the gym, and in a few weeks no gym all together. It is unfortunate that vitamins will not work on you, so we have to do everything as natural as we possibly can" Adia wiped off his stomach and helped him stand up while giving him a picture of his peanut babies and he thanked her for her time before making his way out of the medical ward. They weren't the size of peanuts anymore, but that was the nickname around the palace when everyone found out, so that's what they would be called until they were born.
"So that makes it right?"
"That won't be a problem. Right Tones?" Rhodey asked, elbowing Tony in the ribs when he didn't answer fast enough. Tony was starring at Wanda and Maria with a curious look on his face, and Steve was tempted to step into his gaze to get him to stop. It was almost like he was actually seeing Wanda as a kid, and not a weapon of mass destruction.
"Ya, after our talk he said he would stay. Guess our talk was actually good" Steve smiled, despite what just happened two minutes ago. Tony never failed to put a smile on his face.
Guess who's back? Sorry this took so long, I lost my inspiration for a while, but I've found it again and I am ready to keep going with this story. And thank you to everyone who commented and urged me to keep going.
"Let's just agree that we both could have handled things a lot different. Let's agree that no one was in the complete wrong or right" he smiled at Tony, and his ex didn't hesitate to return it. It looked like Tony wanted to say more, maybe lean in and hug Steve, but he refrained. And Steve was ok with that. Their problems couldn't be fixed in one day, but at least Steve could go to bed tonight knowing that when he woke up in the morning Tony would still be here, that he hadn't left in the middle of the night after realizing he couldn't deal with this.
"Do you feel sorry about anything that happened regarding the accords and other events that took place?" Tony looked at him confused for a second, before slowly taking his hand off Steve's shoulder.
"I know, your daddy and godfather are silly" he laughed with her and looked back up when it got quiet very fast. Everyone was starring at him, Rhodey and Tony looking at him shocked. Replaying his sentence in his head, he realized his mistake.
“I’m a distraction? What the hell does that even mean? I’m so bad at following orders that you have to babysit me to keep me in line?” Tony hissed, standing and storming over to him.
Shuri shrugged. “Seemed a shame.  To send you to a backwater like this, just to die.”
Tony studied the newest addition to the table.  "This wasn't what I had in mind," he said.
She waved a hand at him.  “I know it’s stupid, but she really likes it and I have certain…”  Her fingers flexed, nails like claws.  “Instincts.  But we do that, and when Clint and Carol and I watch hockey, he’ll join us.”
Tony grinned.  "Aw, did I get married?  That's nice.  That's very nice."  Up in the cockpit, Steve's head snapped around, his eyes huge as he looked back at Tony.  Tony shook his head, giving him a reassuring smile.  "Really, I get murder threats for a marriage rumor?  Because you should be used to those."  He rubbed the back of his neck, trying to relax the tense muscles there.  "Hell, you used to be part of them."
“I know, it’s none of my business, Mr. Stark, I know that-”
Not that there was much traffic in here at this hour.
“I paid for it, I can-” Tony started and Jan put both hands on his chest, pushing him away from the table.  “Hey!”
Tony took it with a laugh.  “Always pleased to meet an expert,” he said, stepping out of the way so that the young man could start unloading his cart.  His coworker was already at work, setting the table with plates, cups and gleaming silverware before setting out carafes of milk and juice.
“Western civilization is surprisingly fragile,” Tony pointed out.  “I've destroyed it at least six times.”
“So I’ve been told.”  But Tony brushed a kiss on her head.  “I’m fine, the bullet merely grazed me, my crack team of operatives spirited me away in a matter of moments, DJ has forgiven me for ruining his first time at the picture show, and I’ve been told that I’m being indulged with all my favorite foods at dinner, if you’d care to stay.”
“I shall do my utmost,” she said.  “For the sake of my bonus.” With a quick nod, she slipped out of the library, pulling the door shut behind her.
“I still have a hangover,” he said, rubbing a hand up and down the length of Steve’s back.  “I still…”  He shook his head.  “Mother of all hangovers, Steve.”
The boy’s eyes darted towards the stack of folded napkins piled up on the sideboard, and he reached out, keeping a careful eye on Clint.
“No, you should’ve told me, because this is-”  Tony realized he was smiling.  He shook his head.  “Steve.  This is a problem that has a solution.”  He held up his hands, and Steve reached for one of them.  Tony fended him off with an elbow.  “Give me a second to work, Rogers.”
The world shifted around him, and he could hear Steve’s voice, the words a blur of sound, and he blinked hard.  Steve’s face came into focus in front of him, and Tony tried to smile.  “I think I need…  To eat something,” he said.
“They call him the Nomad,” Bobbi said, and it took everything he had not to flinch.  “A big, broad man.  Seldom speaks.  Fights like a demon, but never kills.  Occasionally, he’s reported to have a knife, never a gun.  Always-” She reached out, running a fingertip along the rim of the shield.  “A shield.”
To the dummer’s left was the keyboardist, who appeared to be the only woman in the band. She was honestly stunning, with keen green eyes and scarlet hair. But there was something in her expression that made it seem more like he was looking at a particularly well-honed knife than a woman. Beside her, dressed all in black, was a tall brunet man with thick, long hair and a thousand-yard-stare. Tony was impressed that the man could even manage to play his bass; it seemed like his mind was anywhere but there. He was broad, though considerably more stocky than the lead singer who Tony definitely had not looked at.
“Yes?” Steve said, and that should not be a question, really, he knew what he was doing.  “Yes.  Obviously.”
"It's like, a greenish yellow," Clint said.  He was barefoot and shirtless and Steve didn't know how that had happened, but no one working around him was complaining.  "Or just a yellow?"
“And I don't like people very much, either, so-”
As if it could see something no one else could.
“Houdini knew something we didn’t,” he said, the words coming out in a rush, and the man’s finger paused on the surface of his phone.
“Nothing,” Harris said.  His pass hanging from his hand, he handed Tony his credit card.  “We put it on mine.”  Tony frowned at him, and he made a face.  “We had to.”
DJ tried to smile, because sometimes that helped, when his dad made that face.
Tony met him halfway instead, closing the distance, his free hand coming up to brace on Steve's shoulder as Steve's lips found his.
Clint nodded.  "Yeah."
“No,” Tony said.  “Because we have no idea what we’re actually looking for.   We have-” He stopped next to DJ, who was watching a lava lamp bubble, the glass chamber held in the curving tail of a stone dragon.  Tony studied it, his head tipped to the side.  “I could improve that.”
“Oh,” Harris said.  He blinked.  “Oh, that’s…  That’s good, right?”
“Are we inviting Namor?”
“You're fine,” Tony said.  And, because that could read a couple of ways, he tried again.  “I don't mind.  And you will be fine.”  Steve didn't move, didn't say a word, and Tony stroked his hair, as gently as he could.  “It'll be okay,” he whispered.  Because he'd never been good at platitudes.  “It hurts because you're healing.  It's going to be okay.”
“So, you're just going to hang out here and make snide comments?” he asked, a fond smile twitching his lips.
There was a moment of silence, of stillness.  A frozen tableau, with DJ staring up at him, his face a blank mask, and Strange’s face wreathed in an imperious, disapproving frown.  There was a strange sort of energy in the room, arcing between them, and Harris didn’t know if he should stand, or stay sitting, say something or just run.
The ceiling collapsed in a rush, the wood and stone and plaster shattering to pieces as Clea fell through.  She tumbled through the air, her hands throwing off a shower of sparks, and disappeared through the floor.  The ceiling swirled back into place, leaving only a faint hint of dust in the air.
He looked up, a wry smile twitching at the corners of his lips.  "And it's not real, and you all know it."
“Oh, thank God,” Tony said.  “Fine.  Great.  Then I don’t care.”
Bucky blinked at him, his mouth stretched wide over the end of an enormous burrito.  He made a noise, a rumble of sound that might've been a word.
“I didn’t,” Steve said, stepping into Hammer’s Home for Wayward Boys.  There was a general sense of dinginess that hung over the entryway and the main stairwell, no matter how many times Hammer had the boys scrub them.  “Everyone get their fair share?”
Darcy snatched the sharpie out of Clint’s hand, and added “Property of” over the ‘Darcy’ that was already on her nametag, and used that one to cover Harris’ first one.  “Fixed it.”
“Thank you.”  Agatha gave the cat a look.  “That is quite enough, have you no dignity?”
Tony focused on his sauce.  “Sakura mochi,” he said.  “It’s…”  He stopped.  “Rumiko missed them.  When she lived here.  We flew to Japan once, all the way there for a day, and she took me to one famous shop after another, just…  Gorging on them.”
“Horrifying?” Phil asked.
Billy gave a hopping skip sideways, his feet pedaling comically in midair. "I'm workin' here, officer! Why can't you let an honest fella make an honest living without facin' this kind of harassment?"
Steve took a step towards the kitchen, then stopped, looking suspiciously in Tony's direction.  “Eli, can you-” He waved a hand towards the couch.  “Keep him out of trouble?”
Steve took it.  "What is it?”
“Yeah, that’s, that’s true,” Tony said, bracing his chin on one hand.  “Auntie Patricia, you call me.  Anytime.  We’ll get a salad and some soup, I don’t know, fettuccine.  Something that passes for fettuccine.  You get what you want.”  He pointed at the screen.  “I love you.”
Tony arched up, his lips brushing against the exposed line of Steve's throat, and Steve made a sound that didn't even seem human.  Tony laughed, low and dangerous, as Steve jerked backwards, almost tripping over his own feet.  Tony was grinning at him, his eyes bright, and Steve realized he'd clapped a hand to his neck, his fingers clinging to the skin that Tony's lips had touched.
"And I'm fine," Bruce said, his lips twitching.  His head tipped forward, just far enough so he could look up at Tony from under the heavy line of his brows.  "Right?"
“Las Vegas,” DJ said.
“You don’t have to-”  He stopped.  “Yes.  Thank you.  That would…  Help.”
“No, you didn’t,” Drew said.
“He’s right next door,” Steve said.  He held out a hand, gesturing Tony closer.
DJ heard the question as if from a distance, his attention focused on the car window.   There was no pattern to the lights outside, no way of classifying the way they sparked and flickered, each sign on its own timing, each pathway illuminated by a slightly different shade, a slightly different brightness.  It was like trying to find the symmetry in a war, in the way that they bounced off of each other, the way they battled and fought and found small holes in each others defenses.
“Warn you.”
“The audience exists because the theater owner wants to make money,” Tony pointed out. “And packing 'em into the seats is the best way to do that.” He shook his head. “The movie doesn't care if you smile, Officer Rogers. The actors have long since gone on with their day, and the celluloid doesn't care if it's playing to a packed house or a single person.” He arched an eyebrow. “And I prefer the single person.”
“Are we spelling his name now?” Darcy asked.  “Like we do in front of dogs and small children?”
“Steve?” DJ’s voice was small.  Quiet.  And Steve would’ve heard it, even if he hadn’t been waiting for it.
Steve glanced back over his shoulder, his face splitting in a grin as Tony leaned out the kitchen door, a cup of water in one hand and his chef's jacket unbuttoned to the waist.  "Hey," Steve said, and he sounded lovesick, he knew he sounded lovesick.  "Good night?"
Steve looked at him.  “So where did Natasha-”
Rhodey winced.  “How’s Tony-”
“He has a special talent for that, and you, you get away from my horse,” she said.  Bucky looked at her over the horse’s back, his eyes slits behind the shaggy weight of his hair.  She scowled at him. “I can put on a saddle, you fool, I don’t need your-”
Behind him, Jarvis cleared his throat.  "Officer Rogers brought you the file on the most recent attack," he said, his voice crisp, and Steve snapped back to reality with painful suddenness.
“Jaa ne,” Steve called from the stove.  “See you!”
He glanced in that direction.  "Is the coffee any good?" he asked, and she gave him a look.
Tony held out a hand to him.  “And we didn't get to choose our dinner menu or our desserts or our appetizers.  Let's go choose our champagne.”
The others that are to follow me, the ties between me and them,
Tony’s sucked in a breath, and another.  “You, you are both fired,” he said, his voice echoing in his ears.  The world tipped sideways, and he made a grab for the desk, trying to steady himself.  The wood of the desk dissolved under his fingers, and he heard something shatter, glass or bone.
Clint held up three fingers.  “One, jail.  Two, running at the guns and hoping I didn’t get shot.  And three,  jumping out the window and hoping I didn’t break a leg AND get shot,” Clint said.  “Of the three, jail was probably the best of them, but like I said, I wasn’t the brains of the outfit.  And Nat’s never met a situation she hasn’t tried to talk her way out of.”
“Where is the girl?” Gyrich repeated, his voice hard.
“Everyone’s getting a ‘What Happens in Vegas’ t-shirt,” Clint corrected.
“There’s…  There’s a light, Tony, it’s…  It’s on?”
Steve nodded.  “I'm no good at wooing,” he admitted.
Steve stopped. "There's a hell of a lot we didn't talk about, Ms. Von Deiter. Things people didn't say because they were afraid, or resigned, or didn't even know it was wrong. And that silence, it didn't help anyone who was suffering, who was marginalized, who was being used or abused. It helped two groups of people." He held up a finger. "One, the people who perpetrate violence, the users and those in power, who are using that power to maintain the status quo." He held up a second finger. "And two? The people who feel uncomfortable hearing about the pain and suffering of others. The ones who prefer not to know that there are issues, because it doesn't affect them, and so..."
“Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu,” Carol said, and Steve choked on a laugh.
“Too close?  Too big?”  DJ nodded.  “Was it too-”  Tony  stopped, trying to find the way to phrase it.  “Was it too much, all at once, for you to handle?”
"Thank you," Steve said, as Tony slipped the mask over his face.
“He had very exacting standards,” Jarvis said.
“Why are we standing in the hallway?” Jan asked from behind them, and Steve nearly jumped out of his skin.
“But I have much interest in learning!” Thor threw his arm around Jane's shoulders.  “As does Jane!”
“That’s true,” Sam repeated.
“I love you, Jarvis,” Tony called.
“It’s going to look even worse tomorrow,” Bruce said.  He slipped his glasses back on his nose.  The frames had gotten bent somewhere along the way, and they were crooked now.  “But he should make a full recovery.”
“I think it’s yours by right of eminent domain,” Carol said, her hands in the back pockets of her jeans, stepping aside so he could leave the kitchen.  She looked back at Greer.  ”Greer, Clint needs help getting past the hard part in his zombie game.  You in?”
“All the sparkle.”  She looked at the costume, now half tucked under Clint’s arm.  “Ooooh, that’s…  That’s ugly.”
“I mean, and I speak from experience, it’s less trouble when you just give up and accept the inevitable,” Bucky said, staring into space.
“For now, I’d like you to return to the city.  Wilson will get you set up on the city guard.  It’ll give you a reason to go where you need, and talk to anyone.”  He straightened up.  “The captain of the guard runs a tight ship.  His people can be trusted, but beyond that?”  Nicholas shook his head.  “I can’t say.”
Halfway there, he picked up the faint strains of music, echoing through the hallway.  The closer he got, the louder it got, the twang of a steel guitar mixing with a pounding, driving beat that seemed to vibrate the very walls of the hall.
DJ blinked at him, slow and careful.  “The Gatekeeper,” he said.
Tony stared down at the...  Thing that was wandering around his library floor.   It was a tangled mop of brownish orange fur, and judging by the way it was moving, it was probably a quadruped.  It had something like a tail, a fluffy banner that fluttered in the creature's wake, a distinct kink halfway up its length.
“Anything,” Steve said, and it came out in a shout that echoed around the massive hall, swirling around them like a condemnation.  Steve stopped, his chest expanding as he sucked in a breath.  And another.  He shook out his hands, and let them fall back to his sides.  “Anything is more productive than banging my head up against this particular stubborn, foolhardy, short-sighted wall.”
“Right, moving on,” Jan said.
Clint managed to snag it out of her hand right as his phone started to ring.  Ignoring her howls, he fished it out of his pocket.  “No,” he said, fending her off with his elbow.  “No, give up with dignity, I-” He looked down at the phone and stilled.
"Yeah, well, we're both gonna end up committed if he goes through with this, because I give him about three and a half minutes before he tosses Morrison out the damn window and into New York traffic," Tony said. He stripped his shirt over his head, throwing it in the general direction of the couch, and grabbed his phone. "What're the chances we can stall them until I get there?"
“Hey!” Tony said, but Steve was looking at him, with eyes so blue they hurt, and that soft, soft little smile that he reserved only for Tony.
Tony glanced over his shoulder at the elevator doors, nonplussed for a second. “You know we're on the twelfth floor, right?” he asked.
“So you said.” Clint twisted his arm around, trying to get a good angle.  “I can’t believe you went to buy a churro.”  Darcy stared at him, her face incredulous, and he shook his head.  “Okay, I can believe it, because you’re, you know, you, but we’re kind of in the middle of something here.”
Steve stared at her.  “It’s the WOMEN’S locker room,” he said.  “I should not be here, Greer.”
“Fuck you, I did an amazing job,” Nebula said, throwing herself back into her desk chair.  It took the impact like a champ, the wood creaking like a ship caught in a storm.  “And even more important, I refused to put it where you wanted me to put it last night.”
Rage swept over him, hot and hard and shredding him from the inside out.  “You know what?” he said, his voice low and vicious.  “I don’t get drunk in front of my kid, because he’s seen me drunk too often already.  And I don’t get drunk in front of Rogers, because the fucking guilt trip is worse than the hangover.  But you know what?”
“There’s a lock on my bike, Chef,” Peter said, his voice wobbling.  He was hugging his gift box to his chest, and he sounded like he was on the verge of tears.  “There’s a lock on my bike and I can’t get the lock off, I’ve tried, it’s a key lock and I don’t have the key, I don’t…”  His voice trailed away, and he stared at Tony, his eyes wet.  “There’s a lock.”
"No, but you can live, and be a counterpoint to everyone who argues that to live their lives as they are will only end in misery and suffering," Cynthia pointed out.  "People don't want promises.  Kids certainly don't, because even if they get them, they know they can't always be trusted.  What they want is a chance.  A possibility."
“Jarvis, that’s how you live your entire life,” Bobbi said, folding her arms on the banister.  “I’m fairly certain that that’s your family crest.”
"I never knew you could clean up so good,” Seamus said, giving Steve a gap-toothed grin. He made a show of looking around, his thumbs tucked into his pockets. "Where's the dame you're trying to impress?"
“Pretty sure that’s the porn parody Tony Stark,” Tony said, the words out of his mouth before he could stop them.  He looked at DJ, who was working his way through the whipped cream pile with alarming speed.  “Not that there’s-  I wouldn’t-”  He stopped.  “Do you-”
“I understand that,” Steve said. “And it's very kind of you to take him.”
“No faith,” Clint said, his voice laconic.  “We've got two moving up towards the office above the main work floor.”
Jan's eyes closed.  “Wonderful.  Let's put that in the 'we're not doing that ever' column,” she said.
“Green,” DJ said, and Tony looked back at the road.
“It is quite healthy,” Jarvis said.  “Just…  Particular.”
Marcy looked up.  “So yes.  We can put out a press release right now that says that you were just caught up with the moment, that you didn't realize that the 'ceremony' was legally binding, that you didn't intend to get married, and that while you meant no disrespect, you're going to get this rectified as quickly as possible.”
“And that’s why I hired a professional,” Jan said, gesturing towards Natasha, who took a seat on the edge of the table, accepting a cup of tea from Greer.  “We didn’t have to do this, you made it necessary.”
“I mean, if you think no one here is stoned, I got bad news about the ‘pipeweed’ the Hobbit delegation is smoking,” the girl said.  She slapped another strip of tape down.  “There we go.  That’s about as good as I can do without a glue gun or a sewing machine.”
He jogged down the hallway, heading for the stairs.  Down below him, in the grand hall, he could see DJ and Peter standing in the middle of the floor, an array of buckets and mops surrounding them.  As Steve started down the stairs, he considered the sheer amount of water and soap suds that were scattered across the stone floor and wondered just how long they’d been at this.
“Okay, but I’m the only one here who asked someone out and got a date out of it in the last like, year, so-”
“He’s had a long night,” Pepper said.  Tony opened his mouth, and she gave him a look.  ‘And so have the rest of us.”  Her voice was pointed, and Tony subsided without a word.  She gave him an approving nod.  “Why don’t we go down to the library, Obie?  Tony needs to rest, and I need to know what we’re going to do about the press.”
The thought of Peggy didn't hurt the way it once had.  It ached, low and deep, in the parts of him that felt like they would never heal, but it wasn't something he flinched from, not anymore.  It was almost comforting, the reminder of what he had been, what he still was.  And how much of that had been tied to Peggy.
Steve took it and let himself be dragged up against the pillows.  “Fine, but I get to choose the movie.”
A second of silence, then, “Is…  Is that your comment?”
Tony took a slow, bracing breath. “You know why we're doing this, don't you?” he asked.
On the ferry-boats the hundreds and hundreds that cross, returning home, are more curious to me than you suppose,
Val glanced at him.  “Yes,” she said.  She pulled her legs up, her glittering pink sneakers scraping against the carpet as she wrapped her arms around her knees.  “Everyone does, I guess.”
“Not something to brag about!” Sam called after him.
Steve grinned down at him.  “No.  You asked about Congress.”
“Found him,” Natasha said, shoving her way through the door, one of Bruce's arm's clamped firmly in her hand.  Bruce stumbled along in her wake, his glasses bobbling sideways on his nose.  “Sorry we're late.”
“It certainly did,” Tony said.  He considered throwing his coffee cup over his shoulder into the wall.  “It abso-fucking-lutely did.”
“That was my mistake,” Carol said, ignoring Jess’ flailing hands.  “You sound like a thirteen year old, Jess, this is undignified.”
“Right,” Tony said.  He flipped the visor down.  “I'll keep you updated.”  With a quick salute, he took off, heading for the convenient hole that Carol had left in the roof.
“Right.” Steve set off across the parking lot at a quick lope, his feet chewing up the distance in a controlled rush.
“Drink your tea, dear,” she said, and something bit him.
Obie nodded, tucking his hands in his pockets.  “Well.  When you figure it out, do let me know what your plans will be.”
“And I am never going to be king,” Steve said.  They were approaching an intersection, the road forking off in two different directions.  He made an effort not to look at the sign.  “So that’s not a concern, is it?”  He glanced one way, and then the other.
Pepper opened one eye, glaring out at Tony from the shelter of Rhodey's chest.  “Show some sense, and do not make eyes at the cop,” she said.
Steve shrugged.  "I'm curious."
“I didn’t bring him,” Strange said, reaching for the scroll.  She swept it out of his reach.  “He jumped into the portal after me.”
"I'm just saying-" he started, as the door to the conference room opened.
“We can do that,” Tony said, ignoring him.  “Or not.  Think of this as a trial run.”
"Oh, Hammer's an idiot and the situation is an utter farce," Pepper said.  She brushed the curtains back from one of the cracked window panes, looking down at the street.  "I meant, what do you think of our escort?"
“In my defense-”
This was going to be worth it.
“He can’t hear you.  Just move.”
Steve smiled.  “Yeah, it's-”  He shook his head.  “It's going so well, Tony.”
“Out here-” Steve started, before Jan cut him off.
Bruce stared at him, his eyes narrowed, his mouth tight.  “So, you've got no intention of showing sense, do you?”
Steve's smile stretched.  “I like soup,” he said.
Tony didn’t respond, didn’t even move, just let him stalk out of the room.  Then he went back to collecting the remains of Ty’s plate, ignoring the way his fingers shook.
Thanks for sticking with me through this, if anyone at all is still reading this.
“Find me a one hour printer.”
“I made you something,” he whispered.  “Probably not something you’d like, but, you know me, out of ideas before I even start.
DJ gave a firm nod, and Peter gave Steve a bright smile.  “I'll help him, if he needs it,” he offered.
“We have outflanked you,” Marcy said.  She gave him a bright smile.  “And we didn't even have to try particularly hard.”
DJ ducked low in the water.  “Trouble!” he echoed, making Pepper laugh.
“You’re building, what, an army?”
“Thank you,” he said.  “Seriously, though, Harris, you’re a lot of things.  ‘Ordinary’ doesn’t really cover it.”  Mid-sentence, he held the cup of soda out to Shawn, who took a quick sip.    Drew smiled at him.  “You can have more.”
“Look, you’re, you’ve a very nice man,” Bruce said.
“Cause you'll lose?”
“That's what all the boys say,” Tony agreed.  Steve looked at him, and Tony grinned, unrepentant.
Ellen gave her a look.  Jesse grinned and took a seat on the end of the bed, crossing her legs under her.  “So after we finished at town hall and you came back here to write your story, I went down to talk to my source at the airport.”
She laughed, and it was watery and weak, but it was a real laugh.  “And if you can’t?” Her eyes tipped up to meet his.  “What then?”
Tony paused at the top of the staircase.  "Don't I have a meeting?"
Steve leaned in.  "You look like death, you're clearly unwell.  You should not be handling food right now.  So.” He paused, letting that sink in before he repeated, “Who's taking your station?"
“Sorry, Cap, they're all horrible,” he said, sympathetic.  “Parker, you're like twelve.  You're not allowed to drink, let alone serve anyone else.  And I know a few lawyers, so you can skip that Wikipedia search.  Everyone else, we appreciate your promises of dishonesty when it counts.  Jessica, collect your winnings, and question your life choices.”
“Oh God, it’s so much pastry,” Jan said, and she sounded like she was going to cry.
Her mouth pursed.  “When you put it that way…”  She stood, and crossed her arms over her chest, her head dipping in a show of respect.  “Your highness.”
"Mr. Stark-"
He sighed, but he was smiling.  “Of course you are.”  He reached for his keyboard.  “Get your asses back here.  Now.”  And he cut the connection.
"Shut up, you corporate shill," Tony said, but he was grinning when he said it, as he rolled onto his back, poking at the phone.  "What kind of hellish blackmail did you-"
Danvers seemed to think about that for a moment.  “Do you have any food?”
"I'm going to take mine inside," Stark said, and Natasha, kneeling on the other side of the quilt, poured wine into a tin cup.  She held it up to him without even looking in his direction, and he took it, the movement conditioned.  He juggled the things in his hands, trying to get a grip on it without dropping anything else.  "Wonderful, one step above drinking straight out of the bottle, are we-"
"I don't know if you expect me to be ashamed of the wings, but-" Steve grinned as confetti came fluttering down, settling in Tony's dark hair.  His fingers twitched against his palm as he resisted the urge to brush it away.  "Not going to happen."
DJ returned from the house with the others close behind him, his arms wrapped tight around a large, leatherbound book.  He crashed down on the quilt next to Steve, holding it out with a grin.  Steve took it from him. “What'd you find?” he asked, turning it over in his hands.  It was a large anthology of fairy tales, each page illustrated with glorious color pictures.  “Okay.  Want to pick a story?”
Steve hit the bottom landing and dropped Tony back to his feet. “Let's go,” he said, his hand catching Tony's, holding on tight.
“So far?  Yes.”  Steve threw himself down on the couch, his glasses crooked, his hair a mess.  He grinned up at Tony.  “Want some more pizza?”
“I promise.  I’ll be right back,” he said.  And he waited until both of them disappeared back through the door, safe inside the house, before he turned on his heel, heading for the walls.
“Fine.” Tony slammed the glass down on the desk, sloshing brandy over his fingers.  He ignored that, and took a deep breath.  “Fine.  You want a plan?  Fine.  I have a plan.”
“Is she still in her unicorn phase?” Steve asked, making Tony laugh.
"In theory," Tony said.  "I've been to a lot of horrible places.  I blame Rhodes."
"Right, you're easily amused, this is good, because two pounds of frozen blueberries can distract you for like six hours and god knows I need those six hours." Tony pointed at the blender, and DJ was off like a shot, bare feet pounding over the concrete floor.  Halfway there, Butterfingers rolled into his path, and DJ jumped up, grabbing hold of the bot's support strut and pulling himself up.  Butterfingers, apparently pleased with his new burden, continued on his way with DJ still hanging from his arm.
“Well?”
“Better?” this version of Tony Stark said, his head tipping forward.  “Was it everything you’d hoped for?”
He exhaled, his breath warm against Steve’s skin, and Steve shuddered.  “And you’ve been spending more and more time wandering around Brooklyn in the classic ‘no one would ever guess I’m Captain America’ disguise of sunglasses, hat and hoodie.”
“The preferred name appears to be Stony, which is currently trending on Twitter,” Jarvis said.
“No, Tony.”
Tony popped a noodle in his mouth, closing his eyes as he chewed.  He swallowed.  “Yeah, is he still around?  I’m willing to try it.”
DJ straightened up.  “Yes.”
“But you’re not one of them,” Steve finished for him.
“She had a meeting this morning,” Jarvis said.  “As of yet, she has not returned.”
“I didn't do that,” Steve said, immediate.  Instinctive.  Desperate.
It was an order, firm and certain, and he followed it without thinking.  His lips parted, and this time, when he sucked in a breath, everything worked the way it should.  His lungs expanded, his shoulders flexed, and his vision cleared.
“THAT is a deal breaker,” Tony said, and Steve threw back the covers.
“But it’s hard,” Isaiah said, sympathetic.
Something was wrong with his vision.  He blinked hard, but his eyes refused to focus.
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “Sure.”  He drained the rest of his water and leaned over, setting the glass on the steps.  “But I'm not sweeping.”
“It's okay, I don't think Tony's very good at being wooed,” Sam told him.  “Matched set.  And hey, you've already got a foot in the door.”
"Because 'marriage' has a very specific meaning for a lot of people,” Joy said. “And this arrangement might be acknowledged as legal by some entities-”
"We'd be pleased to open you a store charge account," the man said, a distinct gleam in his eye.  "Provided your credit check goes through, of course."
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Most people are happy with a meal made up of sweets.”
“This is a lot of talking for something that shouldn’t even involve me,” Tony said.  “Charlie-”
He handed over his credit card.  “You can,” he said, and his voice seemed to echo in the small space.  He licked his lips.  “If you want to.”
Tony huffed out a breath.  It hurt.  “Obie…”
Clint looked down at it, and then back up.  “Phil.”
There was a familiar pair of boots tossed haphazardly in the middle of the welcome mat.
Clint’s attention was still on Steve, his hands lose and open at his side, ready for a fight.  “Phil said-”
“No!  I drained my retirement account for this!” Darcy said, laughing.  She fended him off with a hand, and ducked to the side.  It was early enough that there weren’t many people wandering the room yet, leaving her plenty of room to maneuver.  But Clint was taller than her, with a longer reach, and a complete lack of morals.
Jane's head craned, twisting around to face him as she rotated.  “Of course you do, that conference in Albuquerque-”
“‘Good’ might be pushing it,” Harris said, his eyes narrowing at her.  “So.  You got a rideshare?”
"I rechristen these, 'the dinner plates,'" Tony said, pulling one out of the cabinet.  "Not the good china, not the Clint china, but the dinner china."
“It was not that bad,” Steve repeated, turning his attention back to his stew.
“Je ne comprends pas,” Clint said.
“You shame Maaagicon with your lies, MacIntyre,” Tony said over his shoulder, and everyone looked at him.  “That was loud.  That was louder than intended.  That-”  He pointed at Darcy.  “Fix this, Lewis.”
Steve's eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “Well, that says it all, doesn't it?”
“Stay away from the guest list, it is carefully considered to keep us on diplomatic terms with our peers,” Jan said, her hands braced on the table.  “But no.”  She lifted the lid from the box and pulled out what looked like a a cluster of mistletoe leaves with oversized white berries sculpted out of metal.  She held it up and gave it a shake, and the berries rang like bells, a high, bright swirl of notes.
Without another word, Steve snatches his mug off the counter and zips off to the elevator, eager to hide in the confinement of his bedroom.
“Hey, Tony,” Kamala says brightly.
Tony fights off the sting behind his eyes, training his gaze on the campfire. “That’s impossible. You can’t be— You can’t be him.”
“I know.”
She flashes them a beam before turning away, giving them as much privacy as one could get in a bakery.
He won’t let all his effort go down the drain. Not over something like this. Not for anything ever again.
But that was then and this is now and time is a cruel, cruel bitch and people are crueler.
Fortunately for Tony, his secret stash of gummy bears remains untouched. He snatches it up before hustling over to the elevator, just in case he bumps into anyone.
“Anthony.”
“And when you woke up, when your faceplate lifted, I was just— I was stunned at how beautiful you were. Is. And I wanted to know more about you. And I’m just glad that I got to learn how kind and funny and smart and amazing you are.”
Seriously, what is with all of the Steves and Tonies flirting in front of him? They don’t need to flaunt their perfect relationship and perfect banter and their perfect everything in front of him. He gets it. He got the short end of the stick. It happens.
Miles away, Sarah Rogers is probably rolling around in her grave at her son’s rudeness. He could imagine her chastising him in his ear.
“Four! Three!”
“Didn’t do your research? Very unlike you, Cap.”
“Thinking of trying something different.”
Their shared chuckles lapse into an easy silence as they take in the atmosphere of the party.
He rolls his eyes. “Okay, fine. Stane does start with an ‘S’.”
Heat begins to spread across Tony’s cheeks. He’s grateful for the shitty lighting they have. Otherwise, Steve would’ve definitely noticed how deep his flush is or the yearning emblazoned behind his eyes. Hell, he probably could now, thanks to that serum of his.
Steve leans forward, his lips quirk to the side. “Look at you like what?”
His mother had defended Tony, had stormed out of the room and found him crying in the corridor, had taken him into her arms and kissed his tears away.
Steve deepens his scowl.
So with his head held high, he strides back to the counter.
An all-too-familiar voice creeps into the room, interrupting Tony mid-song. Before he knows it, he’s switching from Sinatra to Orbach, the melody under his fingertips turning wistful.
“Seriously though,” Bruce says behind his toast. “You sure this is a great idea?”
Steve’s Captain America and he doesn’t even get a smidgen of respect. What the hell is up with that?
“I’m in love with you,” Steve confesses. “I’ve been in love with you for years. Probably since we first met. I’ve loved you before I knew what I feel for you is love. And even after all these years—”
He knows Bucky hasn’t always been a fan of his, always harbored suspicion, throwing in jabs at Tony every now and then.
Sure, the bullies are rougher and sure, their schedules barely align now. At least now, Tony and Jarvis would wait to take him home. At least now, he and Tony can catch the subway home by themselves. At least now, they can go out to diners and arcades on Friday nights. At least now, Steve can lean over and k—
Tony frowns. “Hey, you definitely deserve shit. You don't have to keep repenting and apologizing for your past.”
“Done. Your order of two extra-large pepperoni pizzas will arrive shortly, Captain.”
It should feel like a new beginning. Uncharted territory. Falling into the unknown.
Tony sucks in a breath. “Nothing.”
“Uh, Steve?” Tony begins. “Are you—”
And gets down on one knee.
Steve shows up in time to land a punch on Hammer’s face when his hand drifts down to Tony’s ass.
Steve who’s a comic book artist from Brooklyn. Steve who loves Tolkien’s shitty books and hates the cold. Steve who’s kind and witty and beautiful and everything Tony doesn’t deserve.
“Last week, you were excited to get that ring. Your fingers were literally shaking.”
“Aye,” Sif says. “I will be taking you to Asgard.”
“You eat three when you’re upset. Or nervous.”
Tony braces himself before flopping onto his other side to meet Steve’s concerned gaze in the dark.
“What you said. About being in love with me. Because you know, we were about to die and—”
But he remembers the promise he made to himself a long time ago so he goes to the funeral with his head high and lets Bucky and Sam stand at his side as he tries not to fall apart.
. Isn’t seven months too long to keep your relationship secret? I mean, Tony here deserves to be shown off, not hidden away like an embarrassment.”
Besides, Asgard’s filled with magic. Tony hates magic. He wouldn’t move to Asgard and live among magic. He wouldn’t.
Behind Tony, Natasha face-palms. Bruce rubs his temples.
“So,” he begins, “I heard congratulations are in order.”
, Stark.”
Tony almost barks out a laugh.
“So, you know you don’t have to—”
Tony smiles. “How’s the family, by the way?”
Tony pauses. “I hate it when you say my full name. I hate it a lot, you know?”
“Sure. Let me go and find my other head first.”
“Of course. Anything,” Steve replies instantly. “I’m actually going to be on leave after this mission. For a month. I thought of heading back to New York. And if you—”
Steve clenches his jaw again.
“It’s what the kids are saying, Banner. Shut it.”
“Yup.”
Steve meets her halfway. Despite her willowy frame, Carol’s grip is steel-like, like she lifts weights. Maybe she does.
Tony sighs, crumpling his empty can and tossing it into the nearest recycling bin. So much for finally making his move.
Well. Apparently, the person yelling is him.
Tony’s body goes taut. He tightens his grip around the neck of the bottle he’s holding. He thinks it’s vodka, maybe rum. Tequila.
Steve hasn’t stopped indulging since, clinging onto that promise like it’s his lifeline.
The rest of the evening goes in a similar fashion. Every time a new conversation is struck, Steve's ready to wax poetic about Tony, launching into a speech ranging from Tony’s achievements and genius ideas to the mutual affection Tony and the Avengers have for each other.
“Yes, I do.”
Eventually, the party winds down and before he knows it, everyone who isn’t an Avenger is out of the door.
“I still shouldn’t have—”
“You’re insane.”
“Hey, Tin Titan!”
“You don’t dance.”
Even Hammer doesn’t seem to buy the statement, his eyes narrowing in suspicion behind his glasses. “Oh. I didn’t know you two were dating.”
Tony turns away, clearing his throat. “You busy later?”
Steve isn’t in bed, which isn't surprising. It also isn't surprising is finding him in the kitchen with Barnes.
Steve nodded.  “So why are you still brewing your own?”
Rogers' other eyebrow rose.  “Shall we dance?” he asked.  His chin was up, his jaw a sharp line of defiance.  “In that you don't have a partner, and I'd like some answers.”  His head tipped to the side, and a lock of his hair slipped down over his forehead.  “Unless you aren't capable of talking and dancing at the same time?”
“Tony-” Pepper said, her voice dire, and Tony headed for the library, because he absolutely did not have a type.
Tony leaned in.  “Go get Sam.  Sam likes exposure,” he said, in a stage whisper.  “And Steve is incapable of saying no to Sam.”
Steve gave him a look, but there was a smile tugging at the corners of his tight mouth.  “All of them,” he said, reaching past Tony to press the button.
“Or a man who trusts you to figure out what’s happening, and fix it,” Steve said.
“I don’t know which one is mine,” Harris said, “let alone what his drunken party tricks might possibly be.”
"There we go," Tony said, smiling at him.  "Much better.  You look-"  He waved a hand through the air, trying to find the right words.
There was a long moment of silence.  “Right,” Darcy said at last.
The words cut off suddenly, and Pepper looked over at the far side of the patio, where a large blanket had been spread over the stone, hundreds of marbles scattered over its surface.  There was an empty glass and plate next to the blanket, but no other sign of who'd put it all there.  She stood.  "Maybe he went down to the green house?"
He did his best not to run.   After all, the only thing waiting for him was a very hard, cold floor, and a very long night.
She nodded.  “Yes, sir.”  She smiled down at DJ, who leaned against Tony’s side, his hand locked in Tony’s.  “I’ll let you know right away.”
Tony stopped.  Hank stared at him.  “It was broken,” he said, his voice pained, and Hank grabbed a cloth from the counter and flung it at his head.  Tony ducked.  “Look, it’s-” Another rag hit him in the shoulder, and he brushed it away with a disdainful flick of his fingers.  “That’s a gross oversimplification, and you know it.”
Phil let his head fall into his hands.
Jarvis sighed.  “You tried to follow him.”  Clint gave him a look.  Jarvis shook his head.  “Of course you did.”
“Absolutely understandable,” Isaiah said.  “I’ll keep an eye on him, I promise, won’t cause you any more problems.”
“Because they're not always going to be there,” he said, and it was vicious, it was broken. “One day, you're going to get up, and the table's bare again and you're alone, and the weight you used to be able to handle? Now, it's enough to break you, because for a minute, for a fucking SECOND, it wasn't there, or at least...”
"Of course, Mr. Rhodes," Pepper said, accepting the tea from the boy.  "Do keep Officer Rogers out of trouble."
“Then he should have plenty of money,” Tony said.  Jarvis said nothing.  Tony sighed.  “Jay, how much is in DJ’s account right now?”
He'd never been a natural at this, maybe because he never made a move until he was half-desperate and frustrated out of his mind.  Or maybe it was just that he hadn't gotten enough practice.  Bucky'd always said that he needed to kiss more people he didn't love, maybe even didn't particularly like, because that was easier.
DJ twisted around, trying to get a different angle on things, and ended up tipping over, falling back onto the bed.
Steve’s lips twitched.  “I’m not here because it’s my job,” he said.
“I love engineering, and numbers are an unfortunate part of engineering,” Tony told him.  “And really-”
Her shoulders flexed as she leaned forward, the muscles bunching under the thin straps of her tank top.  “Because you’ve sent me the same design nine.  Damn.  Times.”  She bit off each word with a particular sort of violence, her teeth cutting into the syllables.  “Nine times.  In two months.  Every time you get frustrated, or drunk, or depressed, ping!” She snapped her fingers in front of his face.  “I get an email with the same design.”
Tony grinned at him.  “Yeah, you get that from me.  And turned it up to eleven.”
Steve smiled.  “Did you have something different in mind?” he asked.
“Right, because you’re dumb enough to marry someone with the codename ‘Black Widow,’” she said with a faint, crooked smile.  Her head tipped in Phil’s direction. “Apologize to Phil for telling Pepper you were eloping, because even though she is a woman of discretion and intelligence, that could’ve ended up being embarrassing as all hell for both of you.”
“In a surprise to no one, I hear that a lot,” Tony said.  “Door's open, take the first set of stairs to the right of the entrance.”  Below him, Steve made a show of turning off his phone before stepping forward and out of Tony's line of sight.
“Can we not talk about it?” Tony rolled over, his back to Steve for a second, and Steve set his file aside.  Tony's shoulders were set and tight.  “Just...  Just once, can we not talk about things, can I just...”
“Spidey, you and Hawkeye take the North entrance,” Steve said, his voice brisk.  “Spider-Woman, Power Man, head South.  Wasp and Jewel-”
“There’s hard work, and there’s wasted effort,” Bucky said.  “And this?  Is the latter.”
“Right?” Tony asked, and Steve gave him a look.  “Look, I can keep my pants on, unless that’s a thing for you and I hadn’t figured out yet, because come on, we all want to break food safety rules once in a while, and I’m not cooking anything that spatters-”
Tony rolled his eyes, and shoved his head under the shower.  “Fine,” he said, the words half lost under the pounding of the water.  “But if this doesn't go well, I'm going to blame you.”
The teenager hummed for a second, his nose wrinkling.  "Not everyone-" he waved a hand at the crowd.  "Dangerous.  To be here.  Some people-"  He stopped again, one finger tapping at the table, where the rainbow flag rested.  "No one knows."
Dummy rolled obediently away, and Tony watched him go, his eyes narrowing.  “Jarvis.  Why does it seem like my bot has been working non-stop for the past week?”
“He said DJ was with you and Harris, and we were having some trouble finding a way to get him home,” Steve said.
He looked up, too fast, way too fast, and the room spun around him, color and light and heat, so much heat.  He grabbed for the edge of the prep station, using it like an anchor.  The sauce bottle hit the gleaming silver counter and bounced to the floor, splattering bright red ichor with each impact.
“You’ve…  Never been on a plane?” Tony asked, sinking down into his seat.
“You're out of your mind.”
Tony glanced over his shoulder at him.  “You losing it already, Cap?”
“I've had a lot of those recently,” Tony said, as Steve glanced in their direction.
Steve went back to staring at the path.  “I cannot wait for you to get your comeuppance, you know that?”
Tony considered him.  “What would you do if I said no?” he asked, only mildly curious.
“Right,” he said.  “I'll just-”  He looked at Clint.  “Is there coffee?”
“Yes, yes, I’ve been properly cowed,” Tony said, waving him off.  “Let me know if we hear from Thor.”
“Sam.”
Somehow, Steve managed to smile.  “Well, that makes two of us.”
Who'd be opposing them.  What the opposition could do.  They were looking for a baseline.  They got more.  A lot more.”
Steve didn’t ask who ‘they’ were.  “No, not necessarily.  It’s pretty common for kidnappers to wait to make contact.  Drives up the stress, and lets people talk.  The more family involved, the greater the chance they’ll find someone willing to pay what they want.”
“You think?” Tony asked.
The light that flared around his fingertips was pale, clear blue.
"Exactly."  Bruce's hand snapped up, pointing at Tony's station.  "Plating six is in four minutes, take over."
“Yeah, but I took it off,” Steve said. She stared at him. He shrugged. “I hate ties. Feels like I'm strangling.”
“I hope everyone's getting hazard pay for this,” Jess said.  She was wrapped in a pale teal silk that made her skin glow and her hair look like ebony.  “Especially for trying to make a move on Jessica.”
Ed moved off the stage, and Morrison shifted in his seat next to Steve. “Done pandering to the social justice crowd?” he asked, his lips barely moving.
“Idiot,” Tony said, the love in his voice taking the sting out of the insult.  “Go home next time.”
Steve reached for his phone, still in easy reach on the bedside table.  "Now, Mr. Stark, I think we all know that I stand for truth, justice, and the American-"  Tony snatched the phone out of his fingers, leaving Steve grinning down at his empty hand.  "Now, that was just uncalled for."
“‘S okay,” she whispered back.  “Harris has a lot of good qualities, but his shoulders are hella bony.”  She smiled down at DJ.  “He’s a polite kid, and he’s had a tough couple of days.”
“That it’s a very poor idea?” Tony asked.
DJ looked up to find her studying him, a faint smile on her face.  “Can’t control anything,” he said.
Steve thought about it.  "Cold," he said, and that startled a laugh out of the kid.  Steve smiled down at him.  "And lonely.  I wouldn't recommend it."    He looked up at the pale blue sliver of sky, far above them, savoring the warmth of the sun on his skin.  He smiled.  "This is much better."
“Right. Like that’s something I can ever cash in.  Get out of here, before you ruin what’s left of my reputation.” He tucked his hands in his pockets.  “Feel free to take both of those wizards with you.”
"Because you're a cynical, cynical man," Tony told him.  "Come on.  Let's find the local equivalent of an overcooked hot dog.  My treat."
The backroom was small and narrow, the space pressing against the neighboring buildings, with all the odd angles and empty voids that resulted from that.  Hank had filled every available inch of space, boxes and jars filling crooked shelves and alcoves.  A few clocks, in various states of repair, were lined up neatly on the small workbench, waiting for parts, or just waiting for attention.  Tony stroked a finger along the beautiful curve of one, disturbing the dust on the crystal face.
The officer nodded, then leaned to the side.  "Ay," he called, rattling off a string of words that Tony didn't have a chance of following.  But in the line, one of the students ducked under the stanchions, working his way to the front of the line.  A quick exchange between him and the officer, and he handed over his phrasebook.  The officer bent over it, flicking through pages until he found what he was looking for.  He looked up.  "Doom is a-"  He stabbed his fingertip against the page.  "Asshole of man."
Tony’s eyes slid shut, his stomach icing over, and he tried to smile.  “Never mind, it’s-”
Steve’s hand came up, and he wasn’t sure what he was reaching for, but before he could get there, DJ shifted between them, one leg kicking out and catching Steve in the side.
Steve took a moment cast a beseeching look upwards.  “I’m sure I don’t know,” he said, even as Pepper took his arm and tried to coax him into a spin.  “Can we just agree that I won’t get it?  And give up?”
“Go take care of him,” Steve said, and he was close behind Tony now, too close.  Tony went to take a step forward and realized his legs were trembling.  He stared down at the floor, struggling to get his breathing back under control.
He felt Steve laugh against his back, even as his fingers walked the circle, touching each droplet in turn.  “Béchamel. Velouté.  Espagnole. Hollandaise.” He tapped the cherry red droplet. “And tomato.”
He reached for a book, trying to wiggle it out of the middle of the stack.  Analytical Magic, one of his favorites.  It had a lot of numbers, and he got to use a graphing calculator.  It wasn’t much to cling to, but at this point, he’d take what he could get.
“You interfered with a government operation,” Gyrich said.  His head swung around, pinning each of them in place in turn.  “You all did.”  He turned back to Coulson.  “Where's the Asgardian?”
“Bye, Deej!” Steve called back.
“Ducked, apparently,” Tony said.  The bar was a disaster area, with splintered furniture, broken lighting fixtures, and piles of shattered bar ware littering the floor.  The only area that appeared to have mostly remained intact was the spot behind the bar, since even mid-fight, no one had apparently been dumb enough to go for Thor.
There was something comforting about the flow of the words, and DJ wanted Steve.  He wanted Steve so badly that it hurt, but he gritted his teeth, resisting the need to ask.  Not his Steve.  Not going to be his Steve.  Just like this wasn’t his Dad.
“Oh, of course,” Clint said.  “And I know that he knows I’m not French.  And he knows that I know that he knows-”
“I'm not hungover,” Steve said.  “I had a beer and then stumbled to bed.  I think I was asleep before I hit the pillow.”  A few other people had stumbled into the parking lot where the trucks were parked, and he shifted around to the back of War on Hunger.  “I wasn't awake enough to drink.”
“We haven’t tried all the samples yet,” Jan pointed out, sounding vaguely scandalized.
Jarvis offered him a fork.  “I spent long enough learning how to make it to your mother’s specifications,” he said, smiling back.  “It seems a shame to let such a hard won skill go to waste.”
Strange brushed his hand aside.  “Actually, no.  You have a heart condition?”
“It's a jazz standard,” Steve told him, his voice amused.
Steve exhaled, slow and light, but he never even moved.  Somehow, that hurt too.  That he didn't even notice that Tony had left.  That he was gone.
“IS IT HORRIBLE?” Jan said, already scrambling to her feet, hitting the ground running.  “Please tell me it's horrible!”
“Well, there could also have been a boyfriend,” Tony mused, and Steve gave up and buried his face in Tony’s shoulder.  Tony stroked his hair.  “I mean, I do not possibly know how you could be satisfying more than one person in bed on a daily basis and also making it down to breakfast in a timely manner, but it turns out you were working up all sorts of appetites.”
“I was blackmailed,” Bruce said.  “I-” He was laughing too hard to continue, and Tony grinned at him.
"Sir, you have company," Jarvis announced, his voice brisk.  Rogers slipped through, an expression of surprise washing over his face.
Together, they emerged from the space below the stairs, Rogers leading the way with DJ cradled in his arms.  Pepper was coming down the stairs, and she stopped dead, her hands flying to her mouth.  “Oh, thank God,” she said.
He took it from her fingers.  “Okay,” he agreed, and popped it into his mouth.  It tasted good, but more than that, better than that, it tasted familiar.  He chewed with care, trying to draw the small taste out.  “Ed made a heart.”
The woman pointed at them, a spill of words washing over them.  The boy blinked at them.  "English?" he asked, his voice curious.
Tony stopped.  "You...  Want to talk to Steve?” he asked, confused.  “Because this is Tony.  Remember me?  I'm the one with the dark hair and the bad attitude?  Shorter and less...  Heroic than Steve, but much shinier?”
Tony took a bite of pasta, because anything that would've come out of his mouth would've just humiliated him.  He chewed carefully, and swallowed.  “I can do breakfast,” he said.  “Not so good with dinner.  I can make a sandwich, or heat up soup.  But not much more than that.”
Sam was staring at him, too.  “Wow,” he said, and that was cutting from a man with a wrapped box under his arm and a snowman knit hat on his head.  “Tony, I don’t think-’’
“No.”  Tony smiled.  “No.  They’re-  Jarvis put them on the shelf, they’re not in anyone’s way.”
“I wasn't-”
DJ slipped his fingers into Steve’s, clinging to his hand.  He leaned into Steve’s side.  “Ready?” Steve asked, and DJ squeezed his hand.  “Okay.”
Tony stared at it for a long moment, his eyes narrowed.  “No,” he said at last, and Steve started to laugh.  “Absolutely not, no, we're-”
It did feel good.  Now that the initial shock had worn off, it felt...  Nice.  Tony considered giving in, but Steve was smiling at him, his eyes bright, and Tony loved him so much it hurt.  "Vile, base betrayal."  He gave Steve a steely-eyed look, and took a deliberate sip of his coffee.  He stopped, his nose wrinkling.  "You ruined my coffee," he said.
“The numbers are definitely against him on this one,” Steve said.  He crossed the workshop, pausing next to DJ to bump his knuckles lightly against DJ's head.  DJ grinned up at him.  Steve smiled back, all warmth and affection.  “It's just about time for our meeting.  We'll be back in two hours.  We'll let you know if something changes.  Okay?”
“No,” everyone else said in unison.
“It is currently five thirty am on December 21st,” Jarvis said.  “The current temperature is 32 degrees F.”
"We are wary of the hollandaise, so I suspect that might be the only thing on that tray that's safe," Jarvis said.  He gave DJ a boost up onto Tony's bed, and waited while he settled down, legs crossed under him, at the end of the bed.  "What do you think?" Jarvis asked.
She let out a chuckle.  "Aren't you polite?"  She pointed at the coffee shop door.  "You must be freezing.  Go on in and tell the girls that Cynthia said she'd pay for your breakfast.  They're used to that."
Steve nodded.  “Doctor?  There was no way I wasn’t going to catch hell for this.  I knew that the moment I walked through that portal.”
Pepper hopped up, taking a seat on the edge of the table. “I regret your fashion choices,” she said, and Tony laughed, the last of the strain bleeding out of him. Pepper's head tipped in his direction. “So much regret, Tony.”
“Sorry I didn't turn out to be the easy mark you thought I was,” he said, and Morrison's face turned an unfortunate shade of brick red. Steve smiled, and somewhere in the background, he caught the glimpse of light flashing off of a camera lens.
Steve took a deep breath, stalking through the chaos, heading straight for Tony.  Everyone gave way, getting out of his way with looks that ranged from pitying to grateful.  Steve wasn't sure which one worried him more.  "Who's taking your station?"
“I don’t want to do them, either,” Peter said.
Steve’s lips twitched.  “So would you.”
"You're talking yourself in circles so much you're making Jarvis sad," Sam said to Steve.  "That's an accomplishment right there."
“Won’t!”  Ten minutes would hopefully give him enough time to find his shoes.  Because at this point, asking Jarvis for a hint was not an option.
“Glad I could be of service,” Steve said.  “And does that mean the door’s going to be unlocked from now on?”
He reached for a red pen.  “You haven't got the charm to pull this off, Ning.  Just let it die.”
“I’ve forgotten the calling cards,” Mrs. Parker said.  “A gross breach of etiquette, to be sure.”  She stepped back, pulling the door open all the way.  Behind her, Peter was hovering in the hall, DJ’s hand clasped firmly in his.  Mrs. Parker gave them both a smile.  “Go on in, but it’s well past bedtime already.  We won’t be staying long.”
There was a moment of pause.  ‘Well, I’d say you’re not, but I do want to choose, so…  You okay?’
O Captain, Tony thought, rolling the name around in his head. For whatever reason, it sounded familiar. Maybe Pep had played their music or talked about them before? Or –
Pepper sighed. “You can tell how much they love one another. The way you painted them, it looks as though they complete each other. And yet, at the same time… they’re protecting one another. It’s stunning.”
“It’s named ‘Tell.’ Because of how much hell Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell put some of us through, but especially Sam and his husband, Riley.” Steve nodded to the painting. “They wrote the song together, so it seemed fitting that I painted them together.”
He snorted to himself. They looked like an entire mess. The drummer, a blonde man, had ripped the sleeves off his purple shirt – probably to show off his ridiculously oversized biceps as he pounded away at his instrument. One arm was covered in a full sleeve tattoo that was all vivid neon colors; he was too far away for Tony to discern the details, but it looked garish from where the genius stood. The drummer’s smile was practically manic as he bobbed along to the music with his head, probably flinging sweat everywhere.
