“Morning Jake,” John smiled, walking past the terrified young man and into the small house, looking around, "Nice pants."
“S’ rllwy good” Jake smiled behind a forkful of food.
Hello! Its that time of the week again....Update Wednesday's! Yaaaay.
“Could be. Finish up and let's get that gum out your hair before they come up with more ideas, yea?” John asked, gesturing to the barely touched meal in front of the other boy.
John couldn't deal with his past again, couldn't face the pain and backlash all over.
"Back to work, Watson." He smiled, and left.
The car stopped out-front Speedy's cafe and once again the driver stepped out to open John's door. "Will you be needing assistance with your bags, sir?"
It was already 12pm and as the grandfather clock chimed it's tune in the clustered hallway of Johns flat, he sat motionless on his bed.
He smiled at her and slid it across the desk, "No need to fret, Molly, I bet mines in the post. What's the special occasion anyway?"
John stayed awhile, talking to the lads for a while before also bidding them goodnight. When he reached his room, he slid the cloth drape over the window and changed to his smalls, draping his work clothing over the single chair in his room. When he fell into bed, it was more comfortable then it looked, and far more so then the other beds he was made to sleep. He only needed to adjust himself once before the calling of night sent him his dreams.
John's eyes popped at the realization at the words that poured from his mouth.
“So Jake, what is it you do?” Greg asked.
"I wouldn't have it any other way."
stalking me?!”
Sherlock almost gagged at the title and set John on top, "Ok, John. Do you need to release your bodily functions?"
"No." Both John and Sherlock voiced in unison.
"Interesting...."
He definitely lost track in his mind palace because he noticed that they stopped for a second. Or was it a minute? Details.
"I brought you a little treat."
John sighed and rolled his eyes at the older man, "Seriously, Mycroft, you think that just because you run the government-"
“People do little else.” Sherlock snapped back.
The doctor cleared his throat and Sherlock turned to face him with an arched brow.
"I'm going for a walk." He sighed and reached for his cane, hoisting himself up and grabbing his jacket. When he reached the door of the flat, he turned to his colleague and frowned at the blob of flesh rooted in the sofa. "I'm sorry..." he whispered and went down the stairs, counting each knock as the butt of the cane collided with the hardwood.
But nothing. John remained staring up front, unfazed by the event.
“A lot of good that will do, Sherlock. Bloody hell, you tried to reject paying and that tosser went and ruined your lunch, let alone turn his attention to
John couldn't take it anymore, couldn't repress his emotions and feelings after living in close proximity to the man who left him breathless and speechless at his own deductions. Clearly Sherlock would have been able to deduce it by now, the quickened pace and breaths from his chest to his reddened face,
Sherlock groaned, getting up from his spot on the floor while dusting off his breeches nonchalantly, “Heard there was a party, wanted to see what all the fuss was about.”
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
Sherlock rose from his chair and left to the front of the restaurant with Peter. Sitting at the table alone with and empty plate and a half empty glass of vintage wine felt quite lonely, now that there was an empty chair across from him. John had never felt this way before - having feeling like this so quickly - and he also never feared his image and reputation being destroyed either. He knew deep inside these feelings were wrong and could cause trouble, but yet he couldn't help the fact that he was feeling something....
"Is that what you think I am, Mike?"
Sherlock reached him and gently turned him around in his arms, taking in the dried blood that still remained on his face with an attempt that tried to wipe it off. John's eyes were red and weeping and tears riddled his cheeks. It was the most vulnerable Sherlock had ever seen him and his heart broke a little at the sight. He didn't even think twice when he pulled the boy into his arms, and John burrowed his face in his neck.
“That's it!” Mycroft roared, charging to the cave mouth and throwing himself against the wall. The opening shook as boulders fell from the mountain top, blocking the entrance completely. “You will either wait until your twenty-fifth year or you are banished to leave the cave. Permanently!”
"Thank you."
"That...was brilliant." He stated.
Edit: I made an error in John calling Sherlock 'Holmes', it's fixed now!
The laugh that John made was humourless and hollow. It reverberated off the toilet walls leaving the room deadly silent afterward.
Sherlock shrugged and turned a corner, long and slender legs aiding in the quick strides to the class.
As if on cue, Sherlock sprawled further into the couch, putting his legs up and turning so his back was facing John.
Holmes gave him a sideways look and then his expression turned to a look of knowing. John swallowed hard and took to staring at the floor again, drilling holes in it with his eyes.
Sherlock shut his mouth and nodded tersely.
The end of the cane hit a wall and jumped back; handle hitting just below his eye. John called out in pain and pushed back into his seat, delicately patting the injured area. It would most definitely bruise.
"Sherlock."
"I told you to simply examine the substance, not test with it!"
Sherlock looked up at him then back down at the tray, he wasn't hungry at all In fact, but the thought of John standing in the queue to get him lunch made him pick at his potato.
"Seen a lot of dead bodies then?"
The doctor snorted, "How do you remember an incident that long ago?"
you for that matter, it would have been done by now. No, I have more - how should I say - important matters to attend to. What do you know of Sherlock Holmes?"
“Hm, pleasure indeed.” A posh voice from the door caught everyone's attention and Jacob swallowed loudly.
“Are you finished?” When there was no reply from the young man, Sherlock nodded and continued, “Third year, legal assistant, mother doesn't approve your choice of career, wanted you to be a chef…”
her!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Jacob’s throat went dry but he nodded none the less.
“I-I'll catch you at school tomorrow Cheekbones,” John grabbed his rucksack and walked straight to the door. Sherlock followed behind, mind racing while trying so desperately to figure what John was about to spill. It was all cut off, however, when John opened the door and was just turning to leave when he spotted Mycroft standing in the open door, eyes narrowed in a glare. “John Watson I presume.”
“Mycroft mentioned you've been in some trouble at school?” Siger asked, voice lacking any emotion or concern.
“Good thing I'm not a cat…”
Sir Richard reached for the Queen whose body began to shake as tears streamed down her face. “My lady, please. Myself and the guards will continue to look for prince Johnuin, but we must escort you back to the castle for your safety first!”
“Daddy!” Rosie beamed, making her way over to the older man and giving him a hug and kiss on the cheek.
John looked down at his feet at three full bags of plant scraps and came up with an excellent idea. During his past employment, John had made systems - which he learned from past experience - and decided to start it once again.
"But we don't know that, you haven't even been to the scene yet, Sherlock."
He shook his head of branches and leaves once in the clearing and wasted no time spotting his brother amongst the other upper-class drag with their gold proudly displayed on their persons. He had to go about this situation delicately and carefully. Not only was his life on the line, but also Johnuin. And he wasn't giving up Johnuin just yet. Sherlock dusted off his trousers and ruffled his hair before adjusting the ripped up shirt to the best of his ability and marching over to his brother.
With hands still grasped, John continued, "a discussion of pay is still up for debate?"
“Oh shush it” Rosie laughed, fondness reaching her voice as she lightly slapped his shoulder in fun.
"After you."
John turned to the voice from behind, and was greeted by the kind face of Lestrade. "His Lordship will speak with you in the drawing room."
“How's your head feeling, Cheekbones?”
"And....."
Jake was a loss for words. These would be the men he would see at Christmas dinners and Sunday meals. The men who would call the house for chats or visit with bottles of wine in hand. The men who-
Mycroft frowned in detest but turned his head and nodded none the less. "To examine. Not to test with."
. John had never said he quit.
Carefully shifting his left arm to comfortably run it through his evening dinner jacket came with some difficulty. He finally managed without ruining his patchwork on the bandages securing his shoulder through his white dress shirt, and went to the restroom. John carefully fixed his hair, gelling it back and to the side, and carefully shaved the rough stubble from his chin, upper lip and jawline. He took a moment to look straight into his own eyes through the small mirror. "You can do this.." he caught himself saying out loud. Securing the top button of the dress shirt and running his hands down the front of the jacket, picking at little fluffs, John hobbled with his cane to the front door where Lestrade stood waiting.
It wasn't even a second later that the boy was hit across the face again, this time landing in the dirt below.
Sherlock's eyes shot to him from his seat beside the bed, "Dr. Monty, I must ask you to report on the situation regarding yourself and the maid," he took an exaggerated sniff of the air before continuing, "I'm sure your wife wouldn't appreciate the smell of
“Hm?” Greg asked after swallowing a fork full of corn.
Walking down Oxford Street, John's eyes wandered. He noticed several strangers glaring at him and whispering as he passed. It made him feel self-conscious and judged, mind reeling as it tried to decipher what in fact these people were - or could be - saying about him.
“Alright, times up. I've already wasted enough of my time with you.” John inched forward and casually toyed with the scissors until he dove in and trimmed the small chunk of hair that held the pink gum.
“Yea, home away from home if you get what I mean” John chuckled - the sound lacking any joy - it made the taller boy frown.
So, what did you think? (Yes I know its super duper short. Its just a peek). ;3
“You will sit there quietly and I will uncover you piece by piece, is that clear?”
“Likewise,” he smiled, reaching over to shake the woman's hand and was beckoned into the flat.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and began to leave the lunchroom, following John's trail.
He had always heard the best of the best musicians being given a chance to play at this exquisite place, and those who did happen to perform were either big name artists, or those who composed but had great talent - worthy for more. John had never made it that far is his music career, mostly due to the medical degree his father drove him to get, and to the war that cut right through his hopes and dreams. He never wanted to become a doctor - or a
It was on an afternoon the week before the event, John was thumbing the edge of the morning paper when Sherlock burst from his bedroom door. "John!" He called, stomping over to the doctors red plush chair. His face was lit up like a Christmas tree and his curls sprang wildly from his head.
“I couldn't sleep, would you tell me a story please?” Johnuin asked, snuggling closer to his mother for warmth as she cuddled him in her arms.
"Oh excuse me, where are my manners." The man went to take a step foreword but paused "Is it safe to approach the vehicle, Doctor?"
John's eyes followed the voice and saw the unruly musician sprawled out on a quite comfortable looking sofa. He wore dress pants and a shirt and had a royal blue night-robe draped around his stretched body. "What's wrong?"
There was a muffled conversation that Jacob tried to catch, bringing his phone closer to his ear and holding his breath, but missed it completely.
John turned back to his friend, "Take care of yourself, yea? And keep an eye on him."
“Ch-cheekbones?!” Sherlock’s face fell with resentment at the name.
“Did you do it John?….Did you kill her?!"
“Do what?”
John could have sworn there was a spark that flicked off in Sherlock's brain, by the way his eyes lit up with minor irritation. "Nonsense, now do hurry up. No time like the present!"
As the two men pushed open the doors to the well-kept establishment, they were greeted by a young gentleman dawning a very heavy French accent and thin black moustache. "Greetings, Monsieur's, welcome to the Landmark, do you have a reservation?"
Sherlock frowned.
John shook his head but bound past him all the same, “I want it by the end of the day” the boy grumbled.
It was a very good thing that that was the day when Mrs. Hudson had closed the shop to go and visit her sister.
John chuckled at the seriousness in Sherlock's demeanour, his face relaxing and a fond expression taking it over. Sherlock abruptly turned back to his work as if John was never talking to him a moment ago.
Sherlock closed his chemistry book and packed up all of tomorrow's homework in his book-bag before sliding off the bed and casually proceeding to the kitchen. Upon entering, he spotted Mycroft patiently waiting at the table with the meal already dished out at their respectable place setting. How pedestrian.
“John Watson” Mrs. Hudson called and the class went completely silent. All of the kids’ eyes widened as they looked over to their friends in horror.
This fic is almost fully written so i will post a new chapter a week, I dont know how many chapters in total I will have.
(See the end of the chapter for
Loading up his belongings the next morning into the taxi felt like a  weight off of his shoulders but also added to a growing pit in his stomach. The pit of anxiety and fear of the unknown.
"JOHN?!" He cried, frozen in place. The little mammals ears perked at the name and ran straight to the humans knee, nuzzling the fabric of his trousers. It was clearly frightened, Sherlock could tell right away. Of course...this was also John...and most likely having some sort of panic attack.
"There were four pips."
John turned his attention back to the room around him, taking it all in as he licked his lips. "Nothing."
John attempted a hop to the hallway door and found himself successful, although it was quite tedious a journey. The phone continued to chime on their sitting room table like the person on the other line refused to give up, but John alone was grateful for that as it offered him more time to maneuver his body. He was only a few steps away when the door to his flatmates bedroom flung open and the wild detective marched straight to the table lifting up the ear and mouth piece. "What." Sherlock barked as John remained awkwardly situated on one leg.
Johnuin nodded respectfully, forcing a small smile on his lips, “The pleasure is all mine lady Mary. I'm unfortunate to say I've not heard much about you”
Sherlock's cheeks copied the shade of red that was present on the blonde’s, “I-I mean you're different” he stuttered.
"Sherlock!" John called, lifting up the cushion from his chair and running his hand along the seams.
“And you love her?…” Sherlock finally spoke up, eyes still glued to his husband.
"Well, do come in. Your usual room is all set up, I'll bring some tea and biscuits if you would like later."
“Couldn’t spend a day following orders from big brother now could you, Sherlock.”
John cleared his throat, "Tea?"
"Did Mycroft put you up to this?"
Molly sighed beside him, placing her cutlery on her plate and her face in her hands.
John cleared his throat in discomfort, “Calm down everyone! All is well Greg, you seem boat loads happier now that you have Molly.”
“John!” Sherlock called but was completely toned out when the boy kept walking, casually setting his hands in his pockets.
“Weeks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Such is true." Sherlock responded and stepped outside into the hallway. "It was a pleasure to meet you Dr. Watson."
- foolish. I will know. Got it? I have eyes and ears
The copper at the door he recognized walked over with a grim expression. "Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes has already left."
Acting as a bloody saviour in disguise of the devil, Mycroft removed a sheet of paper from his jacket and waved it at Sherlock with impatience. "As you requested, brother mine. The list of patrons attending the banquet."
Lestrade looked from Sherlock to John with a raised brow, "Isn't that what you named it, John?"
The man held his breath for a second before focusing back on the prince, “You're a bit of a puzzle, prince Johnuin. What I say may not be what you wish to hear. Some secrets are always up for being revealed, is this your consent, highness?”
Greg had no patience at the moment, running the tap in the boys bathroom while he tried to soak his hair through to remove all trace of Sebastian Moran. “You don't think I know that?” he replied sharply.
"Hey now just wait a min-" before Dimmock could finish his thought, Sherlock was already through the door and pulling out his magnifying glass. John stepped over the threshold and took in the narrow but quaint hallway, decorated with several paintings and lit up beautifully by the windows framing the door. Following his colleague into the next room, John's breath caught in his throat and his body felt completely numb.
Carl Merchent - his body hardly recognizable - lay sprawled out and headless on the cool tile floor. His head was removed and rested on one of the slicing machines; a trail of drying blood guiding the men to it. The smell wasn't all that great either, mould and the scent of death filling the small room. It was a scent John was quite familiar with and as he leant down carefully to take a better look, it completely filled his nostrils.
John eyed him, mouth slightly agape at the question but then he cleared his throat and rocked back on his heels, “I-I dunno…my da would want me home after what happened today…” he paused and then sighed, “Actually, you know what? I'm starving.”
The two boys froze on the spot just outside of their classroom and turned around to see Jim Moriarty with that deadly smile and soulless eyes, staring.
John's eyes shot back up and widened, the man looked him over and continued.
"Ah, oui! Monsieur Holmes! My apologies for not recognizing you straight away! May I say it is such a pleasure to see you again."
“John I-“
"I-I am in need of a flat share, Dr. Watson."
The height didn't even bother John in the second that it took to grab the taller boys uniformed collar and pull him in so that their faces were mere inches apart.
Jacob flushed at the comment before Greg lifted his hand up beside his face to expose a gold band, “Don't worry mate, I'm already taken. Beautiful woman sitting out there on the sofa’s my girl.”
"Mycroft."
"I-I am in no means attempting to push in my audience with you."
Teachers burst through the doors at that moment, rushing to the crowd of kids that were now circulating the event and cheering at the tops of the lungs. It was then when Sherlock felt a tug on his hand and was lead by Miss Morstan to the head office - catching the last glimpse of John before being pushed passed the ring of bodies.
It was something Sherlock could never expect to see on John Watson's face, nor anything he ever wished to see.
"A weed." Holmes commented, pushing himself up to sit upright, long legs folding over one another.
“Once the mates left, I was alone. Didn't know anyone, didn't bother with anyone. And then my father-“ John’s mouth snapped shut and he shook his head until his eyes drifted to the clock.
Mycroft came into the cave after another meeting one night when Sherlock was in his sixteenth year. He looked exhausted and a puff of smoke left his nostrils as he sighed. “Brother mine, we must have a chat.”
A composting system.
"Just what I said."
John gaped at him, his brows raised and eyes locked on the curly haired figure before him. "That, was brilliant."
"What the bloody hell is all that?!"
“Have you figured it out?” John asked Sherlock who just hummed his response, “Definitely cheated.”
Jake felt numb all over when his hand was finally released and given a fake smile. The word
Sherlock looked over his shoulder before answering, “Royston Academy.”
I've been working on this fic on and off for months after getting the idea almost a year ago from the film. Hope you enjoy!
“Lestrade said you left it on the desk at the library. Of course, I offered to return it to the rightful owner, that being you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hm? Oh, n-no."
John was startled when he spotted the sleek black automobile just parked right outside the inn. He had only seen these beautiful and amazing pieces of metal from a distance, and never had the opportunity nor reason to step into one. Life hit him when he realized that Mr. Lestrade was heading right for it, John following behind with a worn leather suitcase.
“Mummy!” Harriet called, running to the rose bush that the Queen was currently crouched over, picking at her freshly bloomed flowers.
Sherlock missed the wide-eyed look that John had given him and the quick shake of his head that must have been an attempt to clear his head from any thought that got caught up there. Instead, the room was in silence for a time before the blonde couldn't keep his mouth shut any longer.
They had both made it to the kitchen; Sherlock set a kettle on the stove for tea while John eyed the large space. He sat upright in his chair situated at the island, hands crossed in front of him. John had re-bandaged Sherlock up with proper bandages and even dealt with the few cuts that riddled his face and arms with cream from the first aid.
Jake smiled lovingly at her nodding and getting up from the sofa to walk over and kiss her cheek, “You look lovely.”
Sherlock nodded and then looked over to John with a fond expression, "This is my colleague, Dr. Watson."
“Excellent. Because I do have a few questions I would like to ask them.”
“Oh did he now?” John drawled “Was that before or after he stepped foot in the school?”
“Sherlock Holmes get in the car this instant!” Mycroft yelled, window fully down and eyes narrowed dangerously in his brother's direction.
John stopped pacing and just stared.
A light pressure on his chin brought his gaze back and a warm, chaste press of lips to his own flooded his mind and left it blank. He didn't even realize his eyes were closed until he opened them and was graced with a light blush and a small and kind smile.
"No need to play dumb with me, Mr.Watson." His Lordship rose from his seat and deftly walked over to stand in front of the shorter man. John couldn't help but breathe in the sweet smell of honey, smoke and a hint of lavender. "I am many things, but one this I am not... is unobservant..."
Mycroft. Now do keep your annoying thoughts to yourself” Sherlock scowled, turning in his seat to rest his head against the car window as he counted the street signs between each intersection in his head.
His eyes shot open and was faced with that of an unfamiliar looking soldier. Almost instantly - as if programmed into his brain - John tried to stand as straight as he could and saluted. "I'm ready to head to the front to recover the bodies, sir!"
It was a small victory when John sighed in resignation and picked the mug up again, sniffing the contents before dipping his tongue in. Sherlock raised a brow and John just rolled his eyes, taking a large sip and wrapped his fingers around the warmth. "Thank you."
“John!”
“John Watson-!”
Much like last class, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the tedious name calling and waiting for others to respond dutifully. When Mrs. Hudson had reached his name, he stuck a hand up and then crossed his arms, scooting further down his seat.
“Two homes in one day, moving our relationship a little quick don't ya think?”
"For christ sake, Sherlock! I'm not some bloody test subject!"
"Something in your pocket?" Mike asked.
Sherlock blinked several times, mouth slightly opened and then closed.
Another slick black automobile was headed down the gravel road, but this time it was a lot more regal looking. The front hood was stretched further, and it looked to only have two doors on the side rather than four. John couldn't help staring as the car gradually made its way up the gravel path to stop directly at the front of the house. A young man appeared from the drivers door; he wore a beige driving cap, a white baggy cloth shirt that had flowing sleeves, a cream coloured vest that procured his lithe frame, and matching cream coloured breeches with black riding boots. John had to admit that the young man looked quite stunning, his dark hair and pale skin contrasting against the warm tones of his outfit.
Hours went by, could have possibly been a day already before he uncurled himself and walked aver to the kitchen table where John had rolled up into a ball, nestled on a clean saucer. He turned his direction to the kettle, filling it with water and placing it on the hob before reaching for two mugs and plopping in two teabags.
Sherlock didn't even bother to retort but held the book out in front of him. John went to reach for it but he pulled it back, just missing the other boys grasp. “Now, now. I haven't even made my proposition to you.”
"Ah," John took a deep breath, "must be interesting. Have...fun?"
"Bullocks." He cursed and hopped over to the door,  choosing to not even bother Sherlock who he knew was just a door away; his bedroom linked to the bathroom by misted glass.
"Oh well.." John sighed.
The little golden boy scanned the woods with a frown until those perfect eyes settled on Sherlock once more, “Are you out here alone?”
Lestrade cleared his throat.
“Oh please, John, the jackets barely three years old; made to fit and just slightly bigger in the sleeves for when you grow out.”
Yela gave him a side glance while the young lady giggled into her hand, “I would be honoured to inform you of-“, Mary was cut off as her eyes travelled to look behind the prince’s shoulder.
Greg nodded vigorously, “I saw it with my own two eyes,” he whispered.
Uh oh, Sherlock...
"Shut up."
Mycroft didn't understand. Of course he didn't. John Watson wasn't his attacker, he was his
"I seem to be doing that a lot lately."
I want to apologize for not posting these past 2 weeks, I have been incredibly busy with exams and filming projects. I am officially on winter break now so I will post to my usual schedule. Another note: I will be getting my wisdom teeth removed on Tuesday so I will try to get another chapter out before then to make up for Wednesday's. :) Thank you all for your patience <3
He saw the man grin - lamplight illuminating his gentle face in the most beautiful way. "T-thank you again." John's voice faltered at the sight.
. Seems to me like he can't even see anything with his eyes all shut up from your brute there.” Sherlock could just picture the head nod to Moran. John was quite readable.
"My name is Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes."
John couldn't read the expression on the other man's face - as usual - and instead craned his head and bore his gaze into the cream coloured silk sheets consuming him. Regret burrowing itself within.
"Of course," he smiled "go on then, I'll cover 'till you get back."
Johnuin's eyes shot to the younger woman, she looked at least a year or two younger, who stood in front of him. Her short blond hair was neatly done in a flowered clip that outlined her pretty face. Johnuin couldn't help to glance over at the tall and broad figure beside her, he held such a hardened look and carried the same eyes as…his daughter.
"No, sir!" Braddock smiled, flexing his fingers as the new leather stretched around them. John couldn't help the accomplished grin on his face from the men's praise and readiness to start the day. John assigned Davis to rake the mulch in the rose beds, Braddock to sweep the stones around the white gazebo out back, and Anderson to snip the heads off any dead buds. Once his workers schedules were planned and they headed off, John folded up three large knit sacks and headed out to deal with the 'weeds'.
John chuckled and read it over aloud. "'
Mycroft had made his way over to Sherlock's leather chair and took a seat, crossing his legs, and turned to John with a tight smile. "And how are you, Captain?"
“SHERLOCK!” Johnuin yelled, grabbing for his dagger all the while Yela tried to pull him away. Guards rushed into the room, swords and shields at the ready. There was a loud roar that shook the room, pounding steps that gained speed as it gradually got closer, and a ear piercing scream behind him, before he felt a rush of scorching heat against his back.
"Come in."
“So why’d ya move?”
John sighed and decided to go and retrieve his cane from the restroom floor as his balance on one leg was not too keen for long periods of time. When he returned, with his shirt and waistcoat wrapped around him and buttoned up, John decided to leave Sherlock be for a while and sat in his usual chair reaching for the morning paper that displayed Doe's face. He read the paper fully this time - instead of skimming through it as he did earlier - ever so often letting an eye wander to the mess of curls flipping through and throwing papers aside.
“As ready as I'll ever be, making my first appearance at court,” Johnuin sighed.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
Yela squeezed her son tight, planting kisses on his head before letting go reluctantly and wiping at her eyes, “Where were you, my love!?”
"What is that?"
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
“Name called, beat up and humiliated daily?”
The voices in his mind began plaguing him again, repeating the word '
Taking a small shot glass from the cupboard and dusting it out with a towel, Sherlock poured a small amount of the blood in and then emptied the rest of the packet, stirring the substance with a butter knife. Surprisingly, the powder dissolved into the blood making it slightly watery and easy enough for Sherlock to fill up the syringe. He then heated up a small pot of water on the hob and placed the syringe in, warming up the liquidy substance for use.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated! <3
"Brother mine..."
The voice ringing through his ears caused John to stumble to the empty bed, falling back on it in shock.
Greg's eyebrows shot up to his greying hairline with his brown jacket on one hand, and a cream colour boaters hat in the other. "What in God's name are you doing here?"
He recalled those piercing blue eyes and dark curled hair, as if the odd boy were right there in front of him. Johnuin grinned when he remembered the lie he told his mother the next day to be able to escape into the forest alone once again. He had sat by the sparkling pool with his bow and a small collection of freshly pressed flowers in hand, anticipating the moment he would present them to his new found friend.
“Looks like you’re in my seat, Jim.”
Sherlock smirked at the news. “So then the news about John Watson killing his sister is false as well.”
Mycroft did not seem fazed, “You hit the nail exactly on the head, brother mine. We will not do anything so that the colony will not be found. The humans have indeed believed that they wiped us out completely during the war, but alas this was their fault and mistake - such is in their nature. By even attempting to silence Moriarty, or in fact, kill him, would be risking our own hides!”
Jake loaded salad on his plate to appease his one tough critic, Mr. Holmes, and then turned to load up on a dish that he couldn't quite name other than ‘thing with peas’ which he knew Dr. Watson prepared. He dug into it with a forced face of enjoyment as Mr. Holmes sat at the head of the table staring directly at him with an unreadable face.
Sherlock remained silent. Ignoring.
Johnuin's eyes left him; Sherlock noticing him take a deep breath before starting a conversation with his sister who sat two seats beside. He wanted to talk to him, to at least hear his voice and see how much it had changed from the high pitched tone of adolescence.
"Indeed." Sherlock got up from his seat and went to stand beside the red plush chair, gaze going over to the remaining tea contents in the cup. He pulled out a small notebook from his trouser pocket and penned in some minor details. Around 2/4 of the contents residing in the subjects stomach. No sign of affect to the mixture. Interesting...
John cleared his throat. "I don't-"
Molly giggled, covering her mouth with her other hand as her cheeks blushed a pretty pink. "I will try my best, Mr. Watson-"
John closed his eyes and nodded weakly before opening them and turning back to his colleague. It took him a second to realize that Sherlock had roamed closer to the bed and now stood almost a foot away; a small bowl of water and white cloth draped over the side in his hands.
Before even mentioning what happened last night, Mike had already placed several sheets of papers in front of the veteran. "You get a couple to chose from." He stated, and went back to typing something on his typewriter.
"S-sorry?"
Shit.
“Set it down” Rosie demanded, narrowing her eyes at her father.
The curly haired man looked rather shocked as he stood completely still, eyes blinking rapidly several times with the same expression moulded on his face.
“Y-you cut my hair…”
*A tag has been added*
Hope you enjoyed the chapter, with everything thats been going on in regards to the series I just wanted to do a cute little piece as a way for others to relax and hopefully calm down either before watching the episode, or after watching it :)
The employment agency was a smart looking building. Brickwork done with prestige craftsmanship and a decorated sign that hung above the door. As he walked through the door, he was greeted with the smiling face of the receptionist. "Hello, John."
Mycroft sat crossed legged on Sherlock's seat and idly fiddled with his umbrella handle. "They're trying their best, Sherlock."
The sheets were still pulled up, and the head print in his pillow was still visible, but no John Watson to be seen.
"It's quite well that Mrs. Hudson did not deliver us tea that one morning in which you decided to walk the flat in only your dressing gown. How long ago was that.....almost eight weeks..?" Sherlock's lips puckered and he tapped the pen against his chin lightly before he sent a cheeky but flirtatious grin the other man's way. "Though I do admit...the sight was quite
“Have you two…..”
When John opened his eyes he saw a figure at the doorframe. Dressed in tattered military clothes, dawning a cropped military cut and several new bruises and wounds, stood his old Commander. His face looked saddened and soft as he stared intently at the sprawled out doctor.
"Oh Sherlock, it's lovely to see you. I'm so sorry I missed you two gentleman this morning." She cooed, turning to John with an equally wide smile. "Good morning Dr. Watson!"
John took his hand and shook, smiling kindly "Pleasure to meet you, Anderson. I'm guessing that you are not the only one who's going to be working under me?"
Dropping off the bike in the main hallway and running up the steps to his room, caught the attention of his older brother who was currently held up in the kitchen. “Sherlock?” He called out, but was ignored completely.
Just like any doctor would, John talked himself through each action and procedure while tending to Sherlock's injuries. He wrapped his torso up in one of his sheets like a bandage and carefully dabbed the cream on the bruises that riddled his face and chest. The whole endeavor was difficult for Sherlock, fighting off shudders and blushes every time John's eyes roamed his skin with a critical eye.
Sherlock rubbed at his eyes vigorously in an attempt to hide them from his brother, "Get out Mycroft."
“Well did you tell ‘em what the deal even was?”
Of course, Sherlock nearly facepalmed upon the realization that he had arrived at the flat before John Watson himself had made it home.
, Johnuin, is that it's a bond that lasts for a lifetime. They are offering both their companionship and trust to you. To both accept and seal that bond, a human must then offer up the dragon's precious gift back to them."
"Jonathan isn't a
John took a deep breath, closing his eyes and forcing his mind and body to relax as he began to form a warmth of acceptance through his body. That of course was disrupted by a loud crash from downstairs, causing John to shoot up and bolt down the stairs with army class alertness.
Sherlock grabbed for his phone, furiously locating that stupid piece of cake and hitting dial. Before Mycroft even finished clearing his throat, Sherlock was already barking through the line. "You knew didn't you?!"
John opened up his mouth to retort once again when he felt a cool hand on his face. The contact make him shudder but he could not feel any protest in himself to pull back from it. The hand rested on his cheek and John felt his breathing even out. Looking up into the grey-blue eyes of the musician allowed him to feel a slight tinge of peace and comfort. It was odd to him at first, but the longer he stared into them, the more comfort he felt.
"Let me see." John held out his hand on the table and Molly just looked at it, eyes widening slightly before looking back at her hand.
Mike coughed awkwardly and removed his glasses, reaching for his cleaning cloth and nervously wiping them down. "No reason at all! Was just askin', no need to bite my head off or nothing. You know, John rambles on about you non-stop." Sherlock flushed all while ignoring the built up movement in his coat pocket.
"You have ears like a fox."
That she was the one.
Shut up. SH
Shit.
Greg didn't hesitate wrapping his arm protectively around his wife before nodding, “Of course, it was a bloody miracle meetin’ her.”
"John I-"
Deep down, little Johnuin wanted the stories to be true. He never once let his sister get to him and was certain that she was wrong. Mother never lied to him and even said that though the numbers dwindled, the presence of dragons would never cease to exist.
“I suppose that makes me special then” Sherlock tried in an amused tone.
Stepping out on the street was like taking a breath of fresh air. The crowd of people that once surrounded the shops now dwindled, and fewer people stopped on the street to take a peek. Looking around for a familiar mass of dark curls was a losing battle; it caused John to feel a little disappointed and abandoned. He was gone.
Sherlock cursed himself when he noticed the blood pooling from the human's snout and from several cuts to the face. He should have known better about the delicacy of human hide. He should have done better. Sherlock doesn't waste any more time and rips a piece of fabric from his ornate shirt, wiping at the blood while the body beneath him groans at the contact.
"What is it now?" John grumbled, stepping into the sleek automobile and resting his cane on the seat space beside him.
It wasn't odd for John to pop in on Mike when he was working, odd enough he also had to remind himself to apologize for the happenings that occurred the last time he was looking for work. When the bell chimed above the door to notify of his arrival, Molly was right away all smiles and cheerful greetings.
Sherlock heard shuffles, felt the grip on his shoulder release and took a sigh of relief before his legs gave out and ended up collapsing to the floor. He tried his best to open his eyes which were now all bruised and swollen to catch a glance of the retreating forms. Jim had grabbed Moran and was pulling him by the arm while Moran walked backward, eyes still locked on John.
"Biscuits?"
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes, "John, why would I ever wish to win over and please the fair sex? I hold them great respect, but they are not my area of choosing, as you know."
In which we figure out what Plan B is.
With everyone together now in the sitting room - either at the small table or scattered on the sofa and chairs - Jake made sure to get a good look around the room to map out where his allies would be. So far, Greg and Molly were his best bet, along with Mrs. Hudson who was currently discussing something of importance with Rosie. Of course his soon-to-be wife was his ally, but when cornered against her own family would she back him up without hesitation?
Oh how he needed this, how he
Sherlock’s patience was wearing thin on the stupid question. Don't people pay attention? More importantly, would anyone actually listen to him for once?
"So I heard you found new information in regards to the 'Headless Heroes' case?"
John's eyes shot to a tall man standing very straight and, well, proper at the entrance of a very posh looking manor.
"The stage is set." He mumbled, walking over to the kitchen and decided on making tea. Sherlock grabbed a mug, placed a teabag in it and waited, backside leaned against the counter and arms folded over his chest.
John gave him a knowing look and Sherlock was instantly defeated, blowing out an annoyed puff of air, "I was contacted by Mycroft."
"Must you pester the lives of others instead of running your failing business in peace, Anderson?"
(Whatever happens, I will always believe in Johnlock) haha.
John caught the wince right away and shoved two tablets of paracetamol into his hand before running out to grab some water.
Mike just shook his head with a chuckle, "Don't I know it. You seem a bit off though, Sherlock. Everything with you two going alright?"
"Bug off." Sherlock smirked.
The deductions just kept flooding Sherlock's mind: abusive father, drunk mother, held back a year.
"Would you like to see more?"
"Yes but human gene splicing is something still in the works, dear brother. Which is why..." The tall man standing in front of the fireplace moved in front of Sherlock and produced a small packet from his waistcoat pocket. The dark haired man snatched it up and held it in front of his eyes, examining the white powdery substance.
Greg looked over the table with a hardened look and accusingly pointed his knife in the man's direction, “You know you called
"Sherlock?"
"You know I was just thinking about you two! Where's John been? We were supposed to meet up at the pub yesterday."
He slid up next to Lestrade and mumbled his complaint.“You know he's the one that's at fault here and look at him - doesn't even register I'm here.”
Lestrade shuffled through the papers, eyes grazing over the ink before resting back to greet John with an impressed grin. By that time, a second pint of ale was dropped off at the table and Lestrade happily took a swig. "Very impressive references, Mr. Watson, they seem to speak very highly of you." Another sip, "So tell me, how long have you been gardening for the Lords and wealthy?"
Sherlock had to admit, John had talent. There were times when class was dismissed where Sherlock would take a minute to pause in the hallway to hear him play.
“Lestrade.”
Sherlock threw his phone on his bed and started on his homework before putting any plan into action. A knock at his door failed to startle him and he just hummed as way of enter.
Sherlock strode over to the counter and dug into his pocket, wincing as he felt small, sharp teeth pierce his flesh. When he pulled his hand out, a flailing hedgehog dangled from Sherlock's middle finger. The clerk had just stared at the little ordeal, mouth slightly agape. "I need food."
“Why don't they collect from him?”
With that, Sherlock left the sitting room and proceeded to his bedroom, door shutting firmly behind him. John sat for a while, still trying to process the events that had just unraveled before him.
“Oscillation on the pavement always means it's a love affair. So what have you done this time, hm?”
It was, however, also the time where John would see a lot more of his Lordship, which he would admit...he didn't mind one bit.
“Catch. You. Later.” Sherlock replied and was dragged into the room with the door closing behind him.
The man proceeded to empty the contents of the trunk as John stood on the sidewalk looking up at his new home. He was quite fortunate that such a cozy looking exterior could soon be partially his and he mentally wished the inside was just as nice. Removing his cap to run a hand through his hair, he proceeded to the front door and used the shiny brass knocker to knock on the welcoming door.
New chapter up next Wednesday! (hopefully)
The gardener didn't hesitate to pull of his coat and throw it over the other man's head. There was a slight noise of protest from Holmes, but John paid no attention, grabbing his hand and running toward the wooden shed.
Mrs Hudson frowned, “Are you sure, dear? I noticed you've looked at John Watson’s empty seat several times. Are you two having a row?”
“I left him at the sparkly pool, I didn't want to go too far and get in trouble.”
John stood there for a while; taking in the surroundings and the building as he shifted his weight on his cane. The cold air tickled his ears and nipped at his face until it became increasingly uncomfortable, forcing him to return home.
“A dragon” Sherlock growled, almost inhuman.
to spend at least one minute in our presence! Maker knows that he'd rather us be gone instead of mummy - he can't even look us in the eyes!"
was having feelings for his colleague and flatmate.
"OH! John you wonderful, amazing creature that's it!" Sherlock bounded to the telephone and snatched it up, yelling over the line at the operator to 'hurry up' and 'it's Mycroft Holmes, how difficult could finding him be - he's the bloody government.'
After the text he received from Mycroft, Sherlock had bundled John into his pocket and ran out the door into the black car that had parked itself just down the street. Of course he had known that his brother would be prepared enough to supply a car once the text was read.
When Rosie had sat them both down at the dinner table one evening and told them that she would be moving in with Jacob in a little house just across London, he would never forget the phone call he received after. It was around 1:00 when his mobile went off and he rolled over in bed to squint at the bright text on the screen.
“I said
John's head shot up and was met with the blue-grey eyes of a beautiful and familiar face.
Staring.
"It says '
this form of acceptance and affection from the man he had adored and longed to touch after their first meeting. Sherlock was not like any other person he had known, sure John had had relationships with both women and men in the past - for which he covered up - but none had been like the consulting detective. Intelligent, brave, and difficult; a trait in which John had come to love. But this was wrong, this was all wrong.
Sherlock got up and marched to the bedroom, returning only a second later with a short strand of greying hair. "Take it and get out."
“I wouldn't say so either, Cheekbones” John replied, a light tone now etched in his voice, “Let's get you up and to the nurse's office then, yeah?”
"We re-arranged the DNA from the hair follicle you had produced of John's mixed with that of the Hedgehog, we re-constructed 'John'."
Johnuin tightened his grip on the weapon as the man slowly approached him, un-wielding any sort of danger other than the toothy grin that held sharp fangs. He approached as if in slow motion; the shock having people frozen in place with wide eyes. It was extremely unsettling…
John eyed both and groaned in frustration, cursing under his breath, “
“So this
This wouldn't do.
Sherlock just cringed and leaned his head over to John who had tapped his shoulder to gain his attention. They whispered amongst themselves for a time and once separated both began staring at him. Judging.
Instead of taking a cab, Sherlock decided to take John for a 'walk', the little beastie nestled inside his coat pocket once again. As he turned a corner, Sherlock plowed right into someone walking the other way and he stumbled backward from the impact.
Happy Wednesday! Here's the next Chapter. (Finally some Sherlock action)
“A-ha! Here they are!”
Sherlock strolled over; eyes flying over John's body collecting information and data of sorts. "How are you feeling?" He asked, tone of voice somewhat unclear.
"I- uh-you-w-what..?"
They walked in silence, John's eyes glued to the cobblestone pavement, until they reached his flat. Mike said his goodbyes and usual "if you need anything don't be afraid to call" spiel before he left and John staggered up the familiar stairs and straight to his bedroom.
"You will and you must! You both wanted to involve yourself in this problem, now you must deal with it!"
"Yes, but Mike I'm not that person anymore.."
John smiled back with a tip of his cap, "Morning, Mrs. Hudson. How are you this hour?"
?" he snickered
John nodded and removed his cap slowly walking up the steps to hear the playing stop for a short moment and then start back up again with a screech. When John managed to reach the top of the steps the door was already open and the man of the hour was positioned at the window, working on a piece of music. Of course the doctor had known better than to bother the detective when he was in one of his
Arriving back at the flat, John deposited the letter on their work desk and proceeded to the kitchen. He put the kettle on without giving a second thought and layered out some biscuits on a plate. After his cuppa was made, John rested on his newly claimed armchair and zoned out completely; mind reeling around who 'M' could possibly be. Could it have been that Mycroft fellow he had that terrible run in with? He did question about his relations with Sherlock, but the more he thought about it, it just didn't quite fit - he didn't seem like the 'killing' type. Yet looks can be deceiving.
(See the end of the chapter for
He could have sworn he saw a grin form on John's lips before the boy went back to his food.
He quickly grabbed all the vials, stuffing them into his bag and was about to bolt to safety when a small voice caught his attention.
"Leaving already, Dr. Watson?" Mrs. Hudson called out from behind the main counter.
"Excellent observations John."
John let out a hollow laugh and leaned back in his chair, elbow rested on the arm and fingers on his lips. "Unethical."
“What the bloody hell are you doing?”
“You're a right twat, y’know that?”
Mycroft stuck a hand out all while looking down his nose at him causing Jake to flush instantly and stare down at it. Why am I here? Family, right. I'm meeting Rosie's family. Jake grabbed hold and firmly shook. He felt it once their hands connected; a surge of energy that he understood right away. This, was a challenge.
There was silence from the other end of the table and John took it as his flatmate ignoring the comment. The two of them sat in companionable silence as they waited for their food. Peter ended up bringing the wine and they idly drank from their glasses.
Holmes pulled back so that their foreheads were touching, "John," he whispered and John's heart skipped at beat at hearing his name pass those now flushed and plump lips.
The group of them discussed several cases that both Rosie and himself were involved in but never in any greater detail then how they won on the plaintif’s behalf during several occasions. Of course at the mention of criminals in any sort of manner, Sherlock quickly piped up on his thoughts which mainly resulted in insulting Jacobs work and how ‘Rosie did most of it anyway’. The conversation lasted for a while before both Mrs. Hudson and Molly were clearly finished for the rest of the evening and pulled Greg out the door with them.
Sherlock could feel the fake skin on his body prickle as time went on slowly with Mycroft’s dangerous glare on him. He already knew he messed up by venturing beyond the cave before his twenty-fifth year into dragon maturity.
“I'm searching my mind palace.”
Just sitting and judging or standing and judging is all they do, Jake thought.
"Proving you're clever."
“He wasn't supposed to be home…..”
For quite some time the two boys ventured around the pool and surrounding area for more of the things on Sherlock's list. With all the warnings that Mycroft relayed to him about being in the presence of humans, Sherlock could never possibly have an ill thought of Johnuin. He was smart in his own way, interesting beyond compare and Sherlock was growing quite fond of him more than he would care to admit.
Curled up in Mycroft's embrace, Sherlock counted the beat of his brothers heart against the armoured skin. He huffed out a sigh through his deep purple snout while his mind raced with thoughts of the boy. How in one day Sherlock had managed to change his whole opinion on the human race by one little child, was a mystery not even he could figure out.
His eyes grew heavy as the day passed into evening and his flatmate did not return home. There was no point for John to wait up for him, no one ever did for him anyways. Instead, he let himself relax in his chair as the sun beat against he little amount of skin peeking through his dress shirt.
"However.." Mycroft carried on, "knowing both my brother's clockwork brain and your hungering need for an adrenaline fix."
Irene put gum in my hair and John Watson cut it out! SH
The door shut before Greg could finish and he turned to John, pinching the bridge of his nose followed by a sigh of defeat, "Well, you better go after him."
"Heed my warnings gentlemen. Evening, brother mine, Captain."
The deep baritone chuckle that rose up between them made Johnuin shiver in delight. He wanted to know more.
He was amazed though how he never heard or knew much about their neighboring human kingdom. Not the names of the rulers, the history behind their stone walls, and he most certainly didn't fit in amongst the common villagers with his black embellished doublet and deep purple shirt underneath, black breeches and long black riding boots. He looked ever the piece of royalty in his get-up and as he noticed the stares directed his way, Sherlock held his tongue between his teeth lest he blow his cover.
As the boy flipped the page, Sherlock tapped Geoff’s shoulder and gently pushed him from their hiding spot, “Remember what I told you to say,” he whispered.
The familiar voice caught John by surprise and he looked to its owner with widened eyes. "Mrs. Hudson?"
"Thank you sir!" John accepted respectfully, placing the coins in his front trouser pocket before turning to head out whence he came.
Sherlock froze. It was odd to hear his name fall from John's mouth a second time.
Another uncle. Great.
"You would rather have that instead, wouldn't you?" He mumbled, rolling his eyes as John's small tongue darted out of his mouth subconsciously. Sherlock edged himself to one side of the bench, closer to the child. He casually crossed his legs and peered around the park before clearing his throat. The child had just popped a purple grape in his mouth before looking up at him.
“Will I see you again, boy?” The question jolted Sherlock from his thoughts. See him again? This human didn't mind spending his time with a dragonling…even one like himself?…
John's mouth shut and his brow rose, "And?"
Pulling up the gravel road and past the decorative gate was an experience in itself. John couldn't help but keep his eyes glued to the window and the outside world. When they arrived at the roundabout, just out front the house, John's eyes nearly popped. The house was gorgeous. It was lined with beautiful almost cream coloured stone and garnished with several pillars carved out from it. There were widows that adorned the front and the garden that scattered itself around the house was a palette of colours.
"Which man?" Mike asked with a raised brow.
When Sherlock had reached the street he turned to see that the sandy blonde boy had begun to run.
After a hot bath and warm glass of brandy, John readied himself for bed before rapidly slipping into the dreamy abyss. His dream was quite uncommon - not like the usual war ones that woke him drenched and tangled in sheets - this dream, however, gave him the odd feelings of security and solitude. The raven haired man with the greyish-blue eyes came to him that night.
"Trust me, I've used it before. My uncle was a doctor. He showed me tricks that could pass as homemade remedies for incidents such as this" he chuckled. "Now," John reached for a clean cloth that was situated on the towel and gently wrapped it around Molly's hand, tying it gently in place, "Make sure not to burn you other hand, alright? And I want that to be made a promise, Miss."
"Mr. Holmes!"
The man shrugged with a tiny grin, “I tend to read people through appearance and body language. Quite a simple task, but not taken well by some recipients.”
Jake looked over to the other body currently in the kitchen and grinned nervously, “So how have you been since Christmas, Mr. Holmes?”
(Please go check it out!)
Sherlock was staring at him now, eyes slightly narrowed in concentration.
Greg turned to him, hair sticking out all over the place, “Years, far too many.”
Sherlock had barely slept that night, nor did he even bother with breakfast in the morning. His mind was completely wrapped around the mystery of John. It bothered him enough that he ignored Mycroft's looks before leaving for school.
. And Sherlock would prove it.
John grinned and turned toward the window attempting to hide his fondness, "So it seems."
“Good” John beamed, reaching for a digest.
“Johnuin…” she asked, wiping a tear from her cheek, “where did you get that candle?”
“Tosser” John laughed, “C’mon, I'm taking you out of the hallway so I can take a better look at’cha at least.”
"The purple weed. Phyteuma Orbiculare, or 'Round-Headed Rampion' as others call it. What was the name I overheard you say to your young worker?"
Sherlock shrugged.
"I am not
There was a cough and a clearing of a throat bringing him back to reality. Greg's eyes were glued to the army doctor with a look of concern.
This was it. He was a complete idiot and fool. Why would he say that? Why would he think that more flirting would be a good thing at this very moment. And then calling him beautiful?! The man, of course, was gorgeous. But here. In a shed? Soaking wet? He must have gone mad. Completely and utterly mad.
Yela shook her head, turning back to the water, “I cannot leave, Johnuin is still out here!”
“I'm assuming that's a thank you then” John chuckled, leading them further onward until Sherlock could recognize which street they were actually on.
“I found a little boy just like me mum! He was at the shiny pool collecting some water for one of his experiments - I think that's what he said… anyway, he was very shy but I think we’re friends now! We played hide a seek and collected berries too!”
"I don't know. You tell me." John's eyes still narrowed and hand automatically reaching for his cane. He heard the man chuckle at the comment before he was standing right outside the car door with a hand extended to him.
There was silence that hung in the air like thick fog and then the sound of retreating footsteps. John took a shaky breath and then stopped his work, turning over to land on his arse and wiping  his forehead with the back of his hand. So much for first impressions.
Stepping up to their destination, Sherlock held the door open for John. As John walked through his mouth dropped and he rounded on his companion. "What are we doing here?"
"Get one?" John subconsciously flipped the note to see the empty blank back to flip it to the front again, "Nope."
Sherlock couldn't answer. It was what bothered him the most upon leaving the classroom with a quiet ‘good day, Mrs Hudson’ and as the bell rang for lunch, his feet automatically guided him to the cafeteria. He thought of the flash of metal he saw in John's med kit - the handgun. He thought of the fear in John's eyes upon the arrival of his father, and the way his left hand spasmed when he made a fist. He thought of the way…..the way that John avoided anything about himself. When Sherlock opened up the doors of the lunchroom he met dark blue eyes at their table.
"Oh Mike don't be absurd, it's only been two months."
They lay spent in the bed, orgasms so filling and complete that John saw stars and felt an over-flow of love consume his heart. Their bodies were coated in sweat and come and the room lingered in the sweet scent. John snuggled closer, wrapping his arm around his lovers waist. "You are
His door burst open as he continued hitting the keys sloppily as a turn to revolt. "That's it! Yes! Play the piano like a ill-tempered child! Go on!" The man shouted and John's hands stopped, finger lingering on the final note as it drew out into silence. His other fist clenched and face grew hot before turning his head and-
"Oh Dr. Watson, thank goodness you're home!"
"I'll be right back." He said, walking toward the entryway "I have something that will ease the burn."
Open.
As the munching filled the quietness of the kitchen, Sherlock idly patted around for his phone before realizing he had left it back in the sitting room. Marching over, he scooped it up and typed out the password before his jaw dropped.
The beast was decorated in deep black scales that riddled its lithe but strong body. Johnuin could only stare in complete shock before his attention was drawn to the other figure, also standing in the centre of the room. Sherlock stood with mask discarded on the ground and posture ready for a fight. But there was something off about him…something….
“Take what?”
Sherlock tapped his foot impatiently at the crowd in front on him. It was just a bloody party where the prince under the hill was now becoming an
"-RUN the government, that you can stop the working mind of your brother."
Now, lying there with the realization that the promise he made to Johnuin would be broken, Sherlock curled tighter into himself.
"Get. Out."
"As positive as I ever will be.." John raised up his chin and locked there lips together. The kiss was sweet and intimate and when Sherlock pulled back, his cheeks were so beautifully blushed pink.
“It was a...”
"Weeds, Mr. Watson, are leeches of the Earth. They fester and breed, covering the grass and polluting the soil with their seed. You could almost compare them to roaches."
“W..what is he…” Johnuin stuttered as his left hand flexed around the dagger..
"That was....."
John nodded dumbly slowly removing his dress jacket and placing it on one of the clean countertops.
"Watson!"
"I will once John is safe and sound." He hissed, rolling in on himself on his chair.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and scanned the area, trying to act bored. "Yes, well he does have a life as well you know, it does catch up on him."
you're still unsure if you are welcome here."
Lord Holmes just looked at him then with irritation and a hint of something he couldn't place. It wasn't until a baritone and deep chuckle rose up into the confines of the shed, that John finally got to witness and hear his Lordship laugh. It was sweet, perfect and above all absolutely adorable, and he grinned to himself that he was the lucky one.
"You."
But then Sherlock took another look, narrowing his eyes in concentration while the deep blue ones still watched him behind a golden mask. He let his gaze roam, taking in the golden hair and thin lips until it hit him.
Sherlock was highly unimpressed, trying to shrug off the grip still on his shoulder that only tightened at his movement. The room had gone quiet and still except for the sound of a plastic chair being pulled out that had Sherlock grin slightly.
Mike smirked and offered John a tumbler of brandy, "Quite an influence on you, hasn't he?"
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
Just then the sound of rushed footsteps brought all of their attention to their door and Rosie stood with a bright smile and her clutch wrapped in her hands. “All done! You ready?”
A slight smile quirks Sherlock's mouth into the diagonal. "Yes," he agrees, with the mock-air of one dealing with an insistent toddler.
Sherlock blinks. "Oh, yes. All in good time. First, though, I think we should give Mr Boone here a bit of a wash, don't you?" Gregson barks out a laugh.
Sherlock had to clear his throat before he answered. "I believe so," he replied. "The witness stopped watching them after that out of embarrassment."
John chuckled. "The innkeep of the place he's staying gets it somewhere, he won't say where."
, which had similar themes to what was going on at the time, in an attempt to rouse the public to Devereux's view. It was later proved that the Chamberlain's Men only accepted the commission because they were offered a higher pay for it.
Sherlock finally seemed to acknowledge that John had stopped walking, slowing to a halt and turning to face him instead of simply throwing insults over his shoulder. "Apparently not," he said quietly. "I'll see you later, John."
that to scare him. Mycroft will be able to smooth it over."
The one in the doorway clamped a hand over his mouth, even though he knew no-one else could hear him. Sherlock's back arched as he began to stroke them, even the throbbing of their arousals in perfect synchronisation.
Sherlock laughed breathlessly. "I don't know," he said, accompanying it with a peck on the lips. "I have no experience of anything like this, it's intoxicating to be able to do these things with you, here. I wasn't sensing any objections from you."
John blinked, surprised, and gave Jim directions to the television room usually reserved for the seventh-formers. Each form had their own study room, kitchenette and television room, but nobody worried about using each other's facilities; no-one was only friends with their own form.
Sherlock cried, melodramatically throwing his arms wide.
Sherlock looked up at the man, rummaging in the back pocket of his jeans –
The Lady's smile wavered, but did not fall. "I am, Master Holmes," she said softly. "If I may return to my breakfast? You need not notify me when you and the Constable leave my house."
Sherlock, by contrast, looked delighted. "Did the two women ever speak to each other?"
John pleaded,
a bottle of their best French wine."
, he forced himself to think. It was theoretically possible that she was working with someone, perhaps supplying them with the victims' names and whereabouts and letting the other person murder them, which would account for the smugness in her expression when she'd been arrested. But that smugness could also be explained by the fact that Trent, at the very least, had treated her badly and she was glad he was dead. She'd been unusually calm in the interrogation room, but that was unusual for the guilty as well as the innocent. People attempting to hide their guilt often overacted their anger at being arrested and their grief for the dead, but Charlotte had made no secret of the fact that Stephens was the only one whose death had really upset her, and once he and Lestrade had allowed her to see the fact that there were holes in their case against her she had relaxed considerably.
Sherlock made a face. "They can't all be," he said with an exaggeratedly set-upon tone. "London is not endowed with many intelligent criminals."
Or would Sherlock feel the same way? Everyone seemed to think it was unusual for his newest friend to spend so much time with one person for so long. Was it possible that the detective, too, felt that rush of excitement and
"Constable Lestrade requires your assistance to solve most of his own cases," Mycroft objected silkily.
where the Doctor was from. He'd repeatedly stated that he wasn't human, but what
, it's not like we could just run them through - Fitzherbert, have you put out the evacuation order yet? The fewer people I have to save from this the easier it'll be."
"I think it was
Jim's mouth quirked in an odd kind of smile. "Fine, I suppose. It'll be more interesting when they've sorted out my math classes, but Law and Politics is good. They didn't offer that in Dublin."
Will's eyebrows lifted, his gaze flickering between the two of them. "I thought you two were together all morning," he said slowly.
The following silence hung heavily between them; the two women shifted awkwardly, looking terrified. "Okay," Sherlock accepted. He would have to adjust to the fact that he would have to take the Doctor's word on so many things in this environment as read, as dangerous as it felt to leave so much in someone else's hands. "What do we do?"
He'd thought when he'd first seen it played that Rosalind was written with rather admirable wit, particularly in her teasing of Orlando. He smiled indulgently at Sherlock, enjoying the similarities he'd reflected on before.
John hummed, smiling cheerfully and crowding Sherlock against the door, cupping his chin with one hand. "It'll do nicely," he agreed, leaning forwards and kissing him again.
The actor raised an incredulous eyebrow. "Don't you?" he asked. He pushed himself up from the settee and snatched one of the sheaves of paper from the desk. "Here. Read this with me."
John chuckled, too, but both Molly and Sherlock turned to look at the two of them in confusion while Tom simply smiled nervously. "Molly…" Will choked out once he had calmed himself down enough. "Don't say that line while thinking what you were just thinking."
"He used to," Sherlock corrected. "He was employed to do the Queen's… dirty work. The things Her Majesty wouldn't want to know about. He had a significant hand in the removal of Deveraux after the
The British Government raises a cool eyebrow. "For the shift that you attempted to instigate in your relationship, and the subsequent disappointment you suffered at the hands of my brother."
He would push this as far as it would go. And then, hopefully, John would push it further.
John nodded sympathetically. "You know, a lot of fully-qualified wizards can't produce a proper Patronus. It is
As such, John misses the noise that makes Sherlock's incredible body tense and his head snap up. Suddenly and seemingly without warning, Sherlock places both hands on John's back and pushes him towards the curtain. John's brain stutters and stops for a moment, so that the next thing he is aware of is being behind a heavy, musty curtain with Sherlock pressed against every inch of his side.
"They were friends," Lestrade joined in eagerly. "And we don't know how Lord Carfax died either, do we? If she had a 'dark secret' -"
It was so
Mr McAuliffe was a squat, well-rounded little man with blonde hair that looked for all the world like a toupee but wasn't, thick eyebrows, startlingly blue eyes and a toothbrush moustache at least five shades darker than his hair. In his usual entry fashion, his eyes were narrowed and his posture hunched so that his chin jutted over his Fairisle vest in an attempt to create a military and menacing air. Coupled with the moustache, he ended up vaguely resembling Adolf Hitler. It was understood that one of his ancestors had been a general in some war or other, which had led him to be given the nickname of General. Unfortunately his first name was also Terence, which gave rise to the other, more popular nickname among the cheekier of the senior students.
But Sherlock has already put the phone to his ear, his feet carrying him around the room in tight circles. "Why?" he barks sharply into the phone when the DI picks up. John can hear the bewildered tones of the other man coming from the device. "So
her, and not showing a lot of interest in why she's missing."
"And what happened to the real Lady Brackenstall," Sherlock added, still staring intently at the portrait.
His square hands crept towards the control that Sherlock had guessed was the kick-off for flight; Sherlock moved forwards to stop him. "Doctor," he said brightly, "is there something I can do to help you fly?"
"So, are you interested in crime as well, Julien?" Grieg asked.
The big man's smile widened impossibly further. John imagined that that smile would be rather frightening if he saw it in any other context. "It would be my honour," he said with the tiniest of bows. "I'll find you a table."
John had come pressed right up against him. Sherlock had
While Sherlock was endeavouring to pull off Julien's clothes as fast as possible, his own clothes were being removed tantalisingly slowly, the gentle shift of fabric that meant Julien had undone a further button accompanied by the stroke of long fingers against his gradually exposed chest. He pushed the white dress shirt off his new friend's bony shoulders at the same time Julien flicked the last button on his own shirt open and lifted his fingers to scrape nails gently across his nipples.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed dangerously all the while John’s eyebrow raised, “N-no…..Dr. Watson.”
John was seated in the corner of a small tavern in the outskirts of Lewes. It had only been several hours since his arrival, giving him ample time to rent out a room for the night and have a wash to prepare for the big interview. Taking a swig of his pint, John scanned the room with a nervous eye - butterflies and maggots chewing on his insides. This was way past his first ever interview, being a hard working and decent man in the fields was a skill that was harboured and rewarded to the young Mr. Watson, racking up a total of three references from his previous employment. It was never his employers that sent John away. It was John wanting to move on, wanting to branch out with his talent that caught his eye in the local paper.
"My apologies again, my Lord. I have overstepped my bounds plenty during this meeting." John bowed again toward the seated man who's lips were slightly raised in one corner, "I will return to my duties. Thank you for allowing me the compost system."
Soft, short hair.
"Dimmock."
Sherlock was too astounded to care what George had even said because John Watson had helped them. John Watson was their only chance of playing Moriarty’s game. His own conductor of light.
Johnuin rubbed the sleep from his eyes as he stretched out on his bed, bones and muscles craving the movement until they cracked and set into place. This was it. Today was the day that he was now considered an adult at court.
Harry had opened her mouth but a sigh and pointed look in her director from their mother, made her shut it again. Yela smiled in thanks and turned back to her son, who wore a cocky grin and arched brow as if he had proven his point, “Are you ready for tonight, my love?”
Mycroft rubbed his temple in annoyance, “What is it?”
“Please, don't let me stop you. Why not tour the rest of the flat while you’re at it. Our bedrooms open to the public too” Sherlock scoffed, voice dripping with sarcasm while taking apart a tomato, piece by piece.
"Come in." A deep voice called from behind the door. John was a little shocked and cleared his throat before lightly putting pressure on the door and exposing the dusty, but quaint sitting room.
"Something...or
“No.”
The ring.
Almost 500 hits! Thank you so much for everyone who had read my story/left a comment/gave it a kudos, I really appreciate it. <3
Reaching for this mornings paper made a groan escape from his mouth as he retracted his left arm from the reach and slumped down miserably. "Damn my arm!" He roared and threw his cup against the wall, causing droplets of tea to spray on his oil painted grand piano. His eyes widened at the sight and he rushed to his feet, causing him to lose balance and fall to the ground. His arm began to sting as his left leg locked up. Without even a second though, john crawled to the artwork, dragging his spent and worn body across the wooden flooring. He tried several times to force himself up; clawing and grasping at pieces of furniture as he tried to get to his feet.
John breathed from his nose in annoyance.
Yela smiled down at her son and planted a kiss atop his yellow strands, “Yes of course, my love, there were some of them that were very kind.”
Defeated, John sighed and passed them over, returning to his sandwich and avoiding eye contact with the musician. Several flips and the flattening down sounds of sheets were the only thing John heard as he looked out the window. He turned when he felt the edge of a page touch the back of his hand.
The night went by rather slow, Sherlock remained awake surfing through website databases, hacking through several government research sites and even breaking into the public library to find something - anything - that could help John. When he returned home at 05:00 in the morning, John was splayed out on Sherlock's laptop keyboard while little snores escaped his mouth.
“Y-yes.” Sherlock then stopped and turned to face Jake before he continued, “I love your daughter very, very much. She makes me so happy and means the whole world to me. I-I would like to….with your blessings, of course… spend the rest of my life trying to make her happy as well.”
The two men stayed like that, in each other's arms, for what seemed like hours until Sherlock gently pushed back and cradled John's face in his hands. Their eyes met and John could not recall ever feeling a sense of security and grounding from another human being.
"Ah, thank you, Billy."
John shook his head with a grin, "I beg to differ, Mr. Davis, I consider no flower a weed. They are tough and strong plants that take quite a beating but always seem to pull through. I admire them."
The spell was soon broken when John muttered, “Rosie…”
"There's a basin in the restroom, clean him up and then we will proceed to the surgery room. I have also taken the opportunity to supply him with clothes once the procedure is finished."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Excellent! You'll start today."
"What may I get you both this evening? Will it be the usual, Mr. Holmes?"
He must have said something because his second in command shut his mouth and turned on his heel to head back to work. John marched effortlessly to the front door and pushed it open. "Mr. Lestrade!" he called out into the hallway. The front hall was ornately decorated and a grand staircase pooled out in front just a little ways down, to give those who descended a look of power and prestige. He gawked at the sight before the hurried footsteps on tiled floor reverberated off of the walls and stopped right in front of him.
"The fourth must have been Merchant, after his death which is similar to that of Murray - beheaded after they were murdered."
James just rolled his eyes in delight and glided down the rows of seats until he stood directly in front of Sherlock's. “You must be new,” he started, running his eyes around while Sherlock sunk lower in his chair in discomfort. “I believe you took my seat.”
Jake’s throat felt unnaturally dry and his mouth worked on what his mind tried to process, “T-two.”
Sherlock hummed in response and floundered back to the kitchen. After his mind taking in what he read and running through several questions, John jumped back to Earth. "W-what did you mean about 'another murder'?" The sound of glass being swept up from the kitchen stopped momentarily before starting up again.
Again, this story does not have a schedule for updates!
, he thought,
Sherlock had soon found himself situated on a chair outside of the room, scowling at the punishment. It had required two of Mycroft's men to get him out of the 'surgery room' alone. He had sneered at their first attempts before big brother himself administered a knock-out agent to calm him down.
has invested himself in a particular case involving that of higher societal standings then himself."
The car ride was silent which gave him more than enough time to take in his surroundings. More importantly, the very fancy interior. Wait. Wait a minute. This was no taxi. Polished leather seats ruled the interior and as John quickly glanced to the driver he bore a well tailored suit and polished driving cap.
John sunk down in the chair opposite of Mike's spot at the desk and rested his cap down on it, "Yes" he hummed in response.
The figure frowned, blinking several times behind his dark mask. “Y-you really think so?”
John shuffled the bag in his hand, leaning into his cane. "You know what, Anderson, that is one  of the many mysteries I have yet to solve of our dear landlady."
"Hello, Anderson."
John had tried but couldn't hold back a laugh as he watched the flustered man try to compose himself; adjusting his jacket once he managed to stand on two feet. His stomach hurt too much to move and he leaned up on his elbows to watch the act.
"Couldn't miss it."
The ride was so relaxing after the little spat that was dinner. Rosie was dozing with her head resting on Jacob’s shoulder as he looked out the window to watch London pass by.
Lady Mary bowed and outreached a hand to be kissed before smiling brightly and batting her lashes at the flustered prince, “It's such an pleasure to meet you, your majesty.”
you are chasing down this particular human being?”
"Greg?"
"Yes..?"
John had to let go. To allow himself to care and be cared for. To cross out the events of love in his past to make room for new beginnings and hopefully a new start. Of course he was scared, of course he was worried, but that thought alone excited him, just as it had all those months and years ago. He had to learn to love and not to fear the world around him.
"Not at all sir, he normally does this. It's his thing, the whole mysterious business."
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and crossed his arms.
“Moriarty is back.”
Sherlock headed over to the leather couch and dropped a handful of books on the coffee table.  Several of them called: 'How To Care For Your Hedgehog' and 'Sweet Facts: Hedgehog Edition' - the books were ordained in pretty flowers and big scribble handwriting made for children. He cringed at the covers before opening up one and scanning through the index.
There was a hum in reply and John just watched the elegant hands expose the ugly wound that marked his body.
He had made it to the middle of the lunchroom when a hand clamped down on his shoulder. “Looking a little beat up ‘Lockie.”
"Tea?"
"What have you found Mycroft." Sherlock replied, tapping his foot impatiently.
The pain in his head and shoulder were too much to bear. It felt as if he was crushed with a boulder rather than pushed down to the floor. Johnuin groaned at the fit of detest his back was giving and he slowly blinked his eyes open, trying to register exactly where he was. He skimmed over the brush and at the twigs by his feet. How he got there exactly was a bit blurry but none the less, he wasn't exactly sure what he was doing here.
"No."
The short man laughed, “Curiosity did kill the cat, you know.”
If this situation wasn't awkward enough, Jacob internally cursed himself when he saw Dr. Watson reach for the water right after taking a bite of his spicy curry.
Yela bundled up her son and whispered in his ear as he started to settle down, “I've met one.”
"Brothers!?"
Thunder cracked through the sky and the rain followed soon after. The wind picked up and pushed at their bodies. John had to grip the side fencing of the gazebo while Lord Holmes steadied himself on the steps. With all that wind, the small roof could not aid in blocking the spray that hit them in all directions.
They stood on the street just looking at each other until John coughed awkwardly and gestured with his thumb to the street, “I should…go.”
Sherlock panicked, reaching for his phone in his trouser pocket and typed out a snarky text before hitting send.
Without giving any answer, the feisty teen popped open the car door lock and bolted down the street. He mapped out the area immediately and when John turned down a darkened alleyway, did not even hesitate to follow in the shadows. He was curious about this fellow - more so then any other human being he had come in contact with - and he wanted to know just where he was going and if he could get more data.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance, clearly not in the mood to agree to Mycroft’s wishes, as he rather get his work done to start planning how to get John. “If you wouldn't mind, brother, I have work to do.”
"Of course." Sherlock grinned and both men separated.
“Then how the bloody hell you gonna explain what happened to your face? Christ, Cheekbones, you should get yourself checked to see if they did any damage.”
"Oh John, are you running around getting into fights with government officials again?" Sherlock grinned.
He heard footsteps approach the doorway once again and there Sherlock stood, a questioning expression on his face.
The air of possessiveness is broken when the limp body shuffles and moves. The young dragon pauses taking instead to rest the human against a tree.
“Oh just wonderful, dear. I do miss this place though, such kind memories.”
The door closed behind him as he left and John went straight to unpacking his very little belongings. He loaded three shirts and two pairs of working trousers into the dresser, shook out his brown overcoat and then took a look at himself in a very small mirror that was adorned on the wall.
Sherlock hummed in response before folding his hand on the table and edging forward a little in his chair. "May I ask what those papers were?"
Mrs Hudson’s face fell and her eyes turned downcast, “Who told you that, Sherlock?”
“John I….i need to know something. Something that's been on my mind for a while. I saw the gun in your lunchbox.”
“Not until you swear to be my bodyguard for the remainder of the school year.”
him. The boy in the forest...
"O-oh."
For a split second, while the warm greetings were being had, Mr. Holmes had looked soft, as if all masks were removed and what remained was a vulnerable human being. Was this the real Sherlock Holmes, Jacob wondered. And if he could remove the mask, then could John Watson as well?
Sherlock blushed.
Sherlock pressed John in a particular direction with his eyes and John followed it without protest. Sitting in the corner of the room was a very well dressed gentleman who was writing furiously in a brown notebook.
"What do you mean?"
“I know it's not,” John hissed, snatching his wrist from the grip and shoved his hands in his pockets instead. Sherlock winced at the loss of contact and leaned against the door, folding his arms over his chest instead, “Thank you” he mumbled.
"Yes, my dear."
What is most important about being a dragons
"You too, sir." The young man replied.
Jim laughed hysterically, clutching at his sides until two recognizable figures emerged from behind lockers. Sherlock heard Greg swallow uncomfortably, shuffling backwards. “C-C’mon, Sherlock let's get to class.”
John had continued to shout and cry from his position on the kitchen table, but Sherlock just drowned him out, falling instead into his own darkened mind.
Mycroft rounded on him and stomped angrily to their nest, “Life is not fair, Sherlock! Not with Moriarty running around amongst the humans!”
Greg looked over to Sherlock with a raised brow, "You didn't tell 'em?"
Comments and Kudos as always appreciated <3
"Because.." Sherlock slowly walked toward him, smile widening with each step. "...any other animal choice could have been interpreted as having pointy ears."
means didn't you. Was it sex then, hm?”
"Not here.." Sherlock breathed, gently tracing his nose up John's neck - sending goose numbs along his trail - to capture his lips into a slow but heated kiss.
Thank you all for the Kudos <3 ^-^
stuck in his mind as he nodded in fear.
Jake felt himself blush instantly.
“You’re so cute, love” Rosie commented, leaning over to press a kiss on his cheek before turning to the window.
Sherlock snorted but feigned innocence when Rosie gave him a look.
There was a pause and Sherlock just nodded in his seat.
“What you did back there…that was…good” he mumbled, face reddening slightly.
The stinging in his arm strengthened as he yelped in pain and his eyes began to water. "Damn my leg! Damn my arm! Damn my bloody life!" He cried, giving up and crashing to the floor once again.
“Are you gonna eat?” John asked, not even looking up from his food.
He froze. Eyes widening when they met the grey and blue spheres. "Y-you." He spoke, unable to really process anything in his mind.
"You are home. Back in Baker Street and safe."
"Tell him? Why? It doesn't concern him anyway."
John chuckled heartedly and took a bite of veal, "Well, he could have possibly taken that into consideration and wants to feed you up."
He remained unconvinced, but instead of pushing forward, he let it go to John's surprise. "Have you figured out what you will be eating?" He asked, flipping through the menu before placing it down on the table.
"Yes...it is..."
Lestrade piped up, "So he's involved with something?"
“Mummy!” Johnuin called, feet crunching through fallen leaves as he ran straight into his mother's arms.
Nothing.
"Nonsense, you were stressed and I pushed the boundary. All is forgiven and forgotten." he added with a wink and stretched an arm to the hallway, "Please, let us catch up in my office."
“He's back.”
“Very much so, Mr. Holmes.”
A sight that caught Sherlock off guard.
Rosie beamed while turning to her fiancée and gesturing toward him, “this is Jacob Wesley, Mrs. Hudson,” right then she noticed the amount that the poor guy was carrying and quickly grabbed some bags from his grip, “Sorry, love!”
"What was that about?" John asked cautiously, still feeling anxious and uncomfortable from the happenings that had just transpired. There was just the sound of paper shuffles that filled the flat and Sherlock remained silent.
"Carl Marc Merchant, 42 years old, married with three children, army soldier just returned from the war, store owner and compulsive liar. He owes the bank a sum amount of money but has no means to pay it back. He's in debt. The note in his front pocket suggests that he's been spending it. Drinker? Gambler? No. he's avoiding something - or more like someone. Thus the little money he earns he's spending it trying to protect himself. This week, however, was not a good one, oh no, Carl couldn't even pay the bills. No money. Thus his dead body is lying on the cold, damp floor of this forsaken meat shop." Sherlock turned back to the two men who stood wide eyed and completely focused. "Carl Merchant died from some sort of scandal, what it is I have yet to find out."
"I mean it Sherlock, stay out of things that do not concern you, or you might end up in more trouble then you already are."
Angers easily. Interesting…..
"Wha?" Lestrade turned around once he reached his desk.
Jacob nodded, eying the still loaded pistol and taking a deep breath, praying to the gods it wouldn't be his last.
John's eyebrows hitched as he looked over to his flatmate.
Lestrade gave him a considering look before fishing out some coin and passing it over, "Very well Mr. Watson, I suggest you head over now so you may return while daylight is still with us."
It got to the point of complete awkwardness where Dr. Watson, both Mr. Holmes’ and Greg Lestrade were looking at him weirdly. Well, Greg’s off the ally list I guess.
"Fiddle?!" The voice from upstairs growing in anger. "Before stepping into a studio such as this, you might want to brush up on your knowledge of instruments! Or did the tea and cookies somehow clog your brain on their way to your stomach?"
Sherlock’s eye shut on instinct, digging his nails slowly into his palm, “I'm thirteen years old!”
Mycroft shifted into gear and pulled out onto the road, “Blown your cover?! Sherlock Holmes, you bolted from this car to chase down a boy in torn trousers!
Sherlock's head turned and eyes wandered about the cafe. "You need not answer me right now, I'm sure you have a lot to think abou-"
“I don't pine, nor do I crave anything of John Watson.”
Regardless of the weather outside, and ignoring the large hits of rain against his small window, John was very pleased on how this day turned out. Was was even more pleased that he wasn't made to feel a fool and the hopes that Lords Holmes....Sherlock, had liked him back was well....brilliant.
With the pests gone, and John just looking after them, Sherlock was able to take him all in.
When all of the supplies were stacked in the main foyer, Jacob was getting his mobile ready to make a quick call when Rosie practically ran into him with a small wrapped parcel, “No need to call a cab, Jacob!”
Sherlock set down his quill and examined his hand, noticing his magic getting stronger and his scales barely visible on the white, milky skin. “What of?” he asked, in a tone utterly bored and careless as he closed the journal and began to tidy the small desk.
Johnuin’s eyes shot open.
Lord Holmes pointed to John's chest and he followed it to the little purple bloom that was still nestled in his breast pocket.
John shook his head and proceeded to the front door of the manor. Stepping onto the gravel path, leading to the front of the house, he heard a choked sound that made him turn. "Yes, Anderson?"
"Moved to the bloomin' rock of New Zealand. I've heard that one all ready, Watson." He sighed and shook his head at the annoyed puff of air that steamed out of the doctors nose. "Anyway," Mike turned to face the bar entrance with an outstretched arm, "this is the venue. 7:00pm sharp, the piano will be set up when you get here. I hope you come out John, it would do you good." With a hopeful smile and a light pat to his friends arm, Mike adjusted the bowler hat on his head and headed down the street, not even bothering to look back.
There was a pause of awkwardness that settled between them before Holmes spoke up. "I got your-"
At that moment John had returned, footsteps freezing at the door with a cup of water in hand. The cup itself had been scrubbed clean twice and rinsed under hot water for as if John was making sure that the dish would be clean enough. The evidence was quite visible on the reddened flesh on John's hands and slight moisture on his sleeve.
Sherlock didn't hesitate to walk up to him and card his fingers through the other man's damp hair. "Nonsense."
"Well I tend to fall head over heels when struck by an angel." John smiled sweetly.
“I heard that John Watson killed his little sister and witnessed him throw a kid out the window on the second floor.”
John stood in his place for a minute or two, subconsciously feeling his cheek - craving for the touch of the mysterious musician. It was difficult for John to describe the feeling when the contact was broken, but it left both his skin and heart wanting more. He shook his head at the thought and gripped his cane harder before following down the steps.
!" He joked, attempting to mimic the dry tone he so often heard.
“Sherlo-“
"But..."
He didn't even realize Sherlock was positioned right behind him and leaning over until he felt a warm breath on his ear. John jumped in his seat, the newspaper page crinkling in his grip. "Jesus, Sherlock! Scare me half to death!"
“Which is the reason
"Lets go out."
“Sir Richard!”
“Says you,” she responded, “the court has different ideas. They’ve been at my back for so long, I just tell them to go pleasure a horse now.”
"Thank you, sir." Braddock beamed, organizing his workspace and running off to the servants entrance.
"O-Ok."
“Harriet you should not have left your brother alone! We will discuss this later. Go inside now and tell Sir Richard of my whereabouts.”
"All in due time, Doctor. All in due time..."
"No!" John's voice was rising, fear seeming to grip on his mind and throughout his body. "Y-you don't understand....I haven't played in front of a crowd s-since before the war...."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, fingers tapping idly on his desk and looked at his mark, 99%. He grimaced at the one wrong answer circled in red ink. Inexcusable.
Then there was a squeak.
The calming atmosphere was cut short when he heard the familiar clicks of shoes climbing up the creaky wooden stairs of the studio. John rolled his eyes and lowered his head before he groaned. "The violinist..." several seconds later he was greeted with the screeching tune above him.
Sherlock set his pencil down and narrowed his eyes at the blank page, “Go on.”
“Of course, John will be here shortly so you will be able to meet him.”
Upon arriving home, Sherlock didn't even bother calling out to his father in greeting; knowing full well the man was most likely once again glued to the chair in his study. Work came first. It was what both of the brothers were told from the age of four.
"Of course... well, i'll be back in a few." John remarked sending him a fond smile that was returned, and left the flat. He wasn't even two blocks down from 221B when he heard an engine pull up beside him and a window being cranked.
The two boys positioned themselves between large bookshelves in the library during lunch period. They had followed John Watson after music (where Sherlock said he would be) and with a plan in mind, now watched from a distance as the target sat alone with his medical book opened in front.
Sherlock froze.
Greg made sure to completely ignore the shorter boy beside him and went back to cleaning his hair to the best of his ability. Sherlock couldn't help staring. He must have heard. Of course…John had heard everything.
There was a small sigh on the line and Sherlock looked down at the tiny hedgehog, small feet padding against the cloth on his legs as if attempting to climb up on him. Sherlock scooped him up and turned him in his hand to examine John further.
"Right. Thank you." John tipped his hat to the young man and began searching for a street sign or any form of landmark as he began walking the streets. Stopping mid way, John's attention was drawn the the crumpled letter in his grip. He unfolded it with little care but his breath caught in his throat and his brows knit themselves together as he read it's contents.
"Oh John, it's wonderful for you to show up this morning!" She clapped and went to go retrieve his coat.
"He asked me about you, shockingly. Wanted to know how I know you and
Jake snapped his attention back to John, “Eight months now, Mr. Watson…sir.”
"Is there a problem?" Lestrade asked, already seated inside the cream leather interior.
Well, he did look like a hedgehog.
John felt weak and lifeless, his arms felt like gelatine, and his eyes as heavy as rocks. He could have sworn he was laying on tiled ground, but he couldn't be sure. There were several hands on him then, frantically going from his face to his chest and then back again. He tried to cry out, to yell out 'surrender' but it was hopeless. He was now left -
A booming voice from downstairs grabbed both men's attention and John had never seen the musician light up the way he did when the name "Sherlock" was called.
When John looked up, he hadn't noticed he was gaping. His Lordship was clad in black trousers, a white button up and draped over his shoulders was a woollen blood red dressing gown. He looked regal and proper even without the orderly attire he was always seen wearing. He must have been staring too long because he didn't even realize that Lord Holmes was standing only two feet away.
The Elder Woods were known for tales of mythical beasts and unknown wonders. It was safe enough to travel through and mostly used as a trading route for workers and merchants. However wonderful the forest was, it was never a good idea to go through it alone. For there were still beasts that lurked the woods at night and poisonous insects and plants that splayed across the forest floor during the day.
John just stared at him, mouth slightly agape. He couldn't believe for one second that what he had done did not cause this man to leave, to run and never come back. But here he was, a true companion that would not stray away even when his mind was not right and tainted from war. "Sherlock, I've never meant to hurt you. You mean more to me than any living thing on this world! I hate myself for ever laying a finger on you...these bloody demons in my head! Its inexcusable! I wish....I just wish that I could be the man I once was. I don't think I'll ever be able to fully be him again....but that's the point..." tears trickled down his cheeks, gently landing on the cool floor, as his head fell forward in defeat, "That's the whole point. The man you thought I was....
“There once was a time…” Queen Yela began, “When Dragons had roamed this Earth freely with humans at their side. We were two halves to a whole, a pact that could never be broken. We fought, lived and roamed together in a world where we thought was good and free. They used to call us
Sherlock's eyes snapped open irritably, “My
"Mr. Watson, if I may remind you that Lord Holmes will be retuning home today."
"Easy, your clothes. Hand-me-downs or bought at the secondhand shop. The little pull at the end of the cuff of your jacket, the remnants of an oil stain on your flat-cap. Tried to clean it off; soap and water only does so much."
Permission.
The bell chimed above his head as he removed his flat-cap and smiled politely to the grinning woman behind the front counter. "Morning, Mrs. Hudson."
“John-“
Once they had situated themselves inside the cozy but small quarters, Sherlock was able to get a good look around. There was a small area where John had thrown several pillows and sheets into a makeshift bed on the floor. On the other wall, hung a cork board with several sheets tacked on - a red pen circling a few details.
"Anderson. Mr. Watson may I inform you that Anderson is anything but efficient. He's slow and struggles to impress by his work."
"What about me?" The raven haired man responded with an angry lift of his brow and folding of arms over his chest.
After Greg looked over to Sherlock and found there was no answer coming out of him, he cleared his throat and brought his attention back to John. "I best leave you to it. Sherlock, John, keep in touch." Greg bowed his head and went to put on his boaters hat before turning to leave and walk down the steps.
Seeing Sherlock in a white button up dress shirt and an untied bow tie draped around his neck was quite amusing to John. The presence of his dark blue night robe on top made him look even more ridiculous and adorable at the same time; not to mention the protective eyewear he now pulled back on his head, making those black curls stick up on his head like a crown.
"Oh god. Not again...what have I done..." John shuffled back, trying to distance himself in order to protect Sherlock from him. John lost his footing and crashed to the ground, dragging himself back with his hands.
"Lucky me." Holmes piped in, cutting through John's wandering mind and bringing him back to the present.
. "Right..."
Sherlock stood there frozen on the spot. He took in the hunch of John's shoulders, the defeated look in his posture and then he saw the shaking. John shook and cried, holding onto the door for support and Sherlock just watched. Watched until he couldn't take it any longer and took a tentative step toward his friend.
', the ones who they were assigned to destroy. He wore these memories as scars on his body and carried them along as nightmares in his mind. Tainted forever.
"I'm a wreck, John. Here I am throwing a fit of emotion, while you're the one facing an identity crisis."
He walked the cobblestone street with confidence until his full realization.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed and he folded his arms over his chest. His voice was cold when he spoke, “I rarely eat, so you wasted your time bringing me anything. Jim was by himself today upon approaching me. I didn't need you to step in. And lastly, you should’ve thought of all that before you ended up taking those things to my head! I told you there must be another way!”
“See ya brought yourself another boy to shag” his father spat out.
"There's been another murder."
Sherlock gets an idea and cue in John Watson.
I'm very sorry for the delay. It was a lot longer than I was anticipating but I was going through some personal stuff. So without further ado......A NEW CHAPTER!
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
Watson was sitting alone at one of the tables, hunched over a great big textbook and just reading, undisturbed.
John sighed at the feeling of being left out but then chastised himself at the fact that him and Sherlock were just simply flat mates and not '
Bingo.
A couple of hours passed before the little boy had to go home. John had spent the whole time chasing his finger and rolling up in a ball whenever the child tried to tickle him, earning a fit of giggles from his actions.
“It is a special occasion, your highness, so I brought your finest silk tunics and tabards. Is there one that’s caught your eye?”
“Wait! What homework did we-“ before he could finish, a click and dial tone filled the line. “Wanker.”
"Sherlock Holmes." He replied and as they parted John felt a little empty feeling pry at his heart.
Unable to contain her excitement she held up an opened envelope with a note folded within. "An invitation?" John voiced and raised a brow with a grin.
John set the mug down again with a frown. "You did, didn't you."
“You've got some gum in your hair too,” John commented, finally looking up at him with a more relaxed face. “Did Jim do that to you?”
John sat in silence, staring at the artwork as Greg blotted away the moisture.  "It's in two hours John. For Christ sake you need to get cleaned up."
"Will do!" The other man replied with a quick nod and headed to his next station.
Both men let out a hearty laugh as Anderson fed the till. Watching the clerk perform the duty held his attention and he totally disregarded the other man's change of facial expression, until he felt a sturdy hand on his shoulder.
John nodded and slowly hobbled behind his friend as they proceeded out the now deadly silent pub - John carefully scanning around the room of watching eyes for the man with no luck- and onto the cold streets of London.
John let out an empty laugh, "You make me sound heartless."
"Mr. Watson," a man with brown shaggy hair, and the hint of a growing beard, approached him and reached out a hand, "Names Anderson, I'll be part of your shift workers."
"Ah, Mr. Watson!" He greeted, getting up from his seat to offer his hand.
"As you wish." Came a reply, and John heard the clattering of footsteps descend the steps. He took a sigh of relief after picking up the wrapped square with caution and put all his energy into ascending to the third floor. The room in itself was quite spacious - bigger than his previous room - and John took a steady breath, calming his nerves. He got to work straight away finding a perfect space on his wall and a perfectly sized nail; slightly receding from the tacky wallpaper. He grinned to himself.
"- I was wondering if the good doctor would like to join me for lunch to discuss recent business plans."
When spring came, the house flowed once again. Everyone kept busy doing their daily duties, and John was happier now that he could return to the outdoors, free of snow but not scarce of rain.
Johnuin nodded in anticipation, gripping the man's hand tighter.
It wasn't the first time John had welcomed a man into his bed, but they were not like this. This was a feeling he had never felt before, like his heart was owned by the man who lay before him now, like it was taken. And it was.
The tall man nodded with a thin smile and John winked at him before fully stepping out of the building and closing the door behind.
“Jacob Wesley.”
John pulled his hand back toward his body, scrambling to pull his jacket over the exposed flesh before snapping the textbook shut. “What are you doing, Cheekbones?” John snapped.
Three sturdy knocks on the front door jolted him from his thoughts. Running a hand through his slightly greying hair he grabbed his robe and wooden cane and dragged himself onward. Being only several steps from the door, a yellow leaflet lay faced down. Johns face scrunched up in both slight pain from his wounded arm and a light dusting of curiosity as he grabbed the paper and turned it around.
Greg pulled him from his thoughts by yanking on his arm and reaching for the door to 221b.
Lestrade leaned further back into his chair, face running over different scenarios as it contorted to his thinking. John tried very hard to hold back a snicker at the man's twisted lip. "Very well."
Sherlock tried his best to catch a peak of what the wording said, but was dragged over to the heap of pillows and gently dropped off, view of it completely blocked by John's body rummaging around an old lunchbox.
"What?"
"What?"
“List? What list?”
The cab ride was an uncomfortable ordeal and awkward for the most part. John sat in complete silence risking several glances at Sherlock who remained turned toward to car window. He cleared his throat, "So what do you plan on finding at the crime scene?"
“The humans,” Sherlock held his head up defiantly, “they aren't bad like you say.”
Shadows of several figures cast over them and Sherlock took a deep breath and held it in while Jim Moriarty took center stage. “If it isn't pretty boy ‘Lockie and his little puppy. Have our money?”
"The only one in the world actually, I invented the job. The police, with their tiny and illogical brains come to me when they run into trouble."
John was ready to charge to the house, but it was rather far away and both men would be drenched to the bone if they tried to run for it. It was then when he spotted the shed. It was a little distance, yes, but a lot closer than the house.
"In my own home, under my own roof for which I pay monthly? I shall be free to do as I wish. Besides," his pen froze of the paper, glancing over at John, a playful smirk drawn on his lips "when did you start caring about decency, Dr. Watson."
Mycroft didn't even hide the utter shock on his face at the state of his brother approaching, but excused himself from the group, probably to avoid any issues. Sherlock watched as he stalked the rest of the distance and grabbed his arm forcefully. “You better have a good excuse for this, Sherlock” Mycroft hissed.
Finally the reveal!
Sherlock's head shot up and faced him, a toothy and cheeky grin made an appearance on his face. "Ah, John, you're up."
The driver still stood unfazed and proper as he looked to John from out of the corner of his eye. He outreached his arm a little, signalling the stubborn man to get out of the car. John's response was child-like; sitting back in his chair with arms still folded.
"John Watson." The boldness seeping through his own pores startled John. Why was his heart picking up speed now that this man was about to leave? Has the temperature risen? Maybe Mrs. Hudson should put a fan in here, this rooms never been this warm.
This is a slow chapter I know, the next ones to come will not be so 'boring' I can promise that. :D
Sherlock looked up at him once again.
Beside them, Sherlock's phone had managed to fall out of his pocket and now vibrated with a text. The detective rolled his eyes and let out a sigh, "I can't promise that with Mycroft though."
Jake booked a reservation at Rosie's favourite restaurant, Angelo’s (if he remembered the name correctly), and had slid a small ring box to her after a piece of cake was placed in front with the question:
Jake sat upright with his hands clasped tightly in front of him. He already started to feel the sweat form on his brow as he suffered the judging and piercing gaze of the tall and curly haired man seated across from him.
"John!"
They waved and said their goodbyes once again before John set on his way home. Sherlock had remained in his spot and just watched the figure move in the distance. The one thing that blocked his mind palace, however, was the comment John had made before cutting himself short.
Mycroft sighed and crossed his legs, "Even more dramatic at this age" he sighed, rolling his eyes.
John chuckled and gently messaged his wounded upper body after readjusting himself in his covers. "I thank you for your interference Mr. Holmes, and I greatly apologize if I woke you."
Sherlock nodded dumbfounded.
“Shut up! You like all the rest of them fags. This ones all beat up too. That the way you like ‘em?” John's father turned his gaze to Sherlock, giving him a once over.
Greg couldn't help but snort. The amusement was short-lived, however, when Mrs. Hudson ended up giving him a warning look. The class then proceeded as normal, when their teacher began with the usual, "a-one-two-three."
More artwork done by the wonderful @art_anouk on Instagram check it out
These boys.... :)
The copper was speechless and nodded dumbly, shifting slightly enough for John to pass. John, on the other hand was gobsmacked; eyes bright as he watched the detective with adoration. Since his return to London, John had never really had anyone who stood up for him. When he would get into disagreements at the pub or get mobbed by dimwitted teenagers, no one ever bothered to step in and take a stand. Being in the war John was always meant to have a thick skin and retaliate, which he often would do, but when there was only so much a crippled and wounded man like him could do, pity from others was the last thing he needed - and wanted. Pity was what he usually got, however.
“I'm looking forward to meeting with Mr. Watson.”
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
"But he could never be mad at you for long. Just get up there before he tries something to my wall again."
Mycroft got up from his seat, returning his cup and saucer to the tray and re-adjusted his suit. "And I will sort out some things for next week. When I have everything prepared I will give you a call, brother mine."
Sherlock walked over to him for a shake and when Jake offered his hand, was pulled in until he heard the dark and ice cold voice whisper in his ear, “If you do anything - and I mean
John didn't even catch the look before he rushed to close it, packing it away and grabbing for Sherlock's arm, pulling until they scrambled outside to be faced with John's father.
"You're dead." He responded, automatically shutting his eyes in protest.
There was something about that book, Sherlock thought about it while rubbing his shoulder, “I'll see you in class tomorrow, John” he called off, skipping down the three steps and over to his bike. He didn't even get a response other than the front door slamming shut and a grin appeared on his lips.
“I have a plan.”
Just examining him now, piecing together the past twelve years of what he could gather from the prince’s posture down to his the way his left hand held a slight tremor, Johnuin remained a mystery - an unknown. Sherlock revelled the unknown. Especially when the ‘unknown’ took shape of a human male prince.
“Yup.” He answered, popping the ‘P’ before he continued, “Wasn't always like this for you, John.”
me! How?!"
Jacob couldn't help the shakes that consumed his body and he tried to fight to keep himself up. Thanks to the help from Sherlock, however, he was able to manage leaning into the older man a bit. “I- I would like to marry your daughter, Dr. Watson….a-and Mr. Holmes.”
The grip tightened, John's breath was hot across Sherlock's face, causing him to be aware of the proximity. Sherlock could almost count the light patches of blue amongst the darkness in John's eyes - even hints of yellow that were sprinkled around the iris’. The moment was short-lived, however, when John shoved him back and held out an open palm, “Yesterday's and today's payment. Now.”
His grip tightened around the collar and Sherlock craned his neck slightly back in order to keep the fabric from jamming his airways. "John, c-calm down, please..."
"My Lord.." he replied, eyes still glued to the other man's mouth in anticipation.
"Obvious, John. I'm Sherlock Holmes."
The two men neared and John reflexively removed his cap, eyes squinting from the light, as he held it up to his chest.
"Violinist." He replied rather flatly. "Although a 'piano player' would not really know the difference, would they?" He chided.
"Not your division? For Christ sake, Greg!" John protested as the door to the DI's office was held open and the men walked through.
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
“Oh really now?” Moriarty piped up in an eerie sing song voice, “Dragons are just little children's stories that are told before bedtime aren't they…well, highness…want to see a fairytale come to life?”
The next day they visited the parents of 221b where the whole story was relayed by their little girl, all the while Jake sat smiling dumbly at her, completely besotted.
"What changes?" Mycroft asked.
“I don't know about that,
Miss went through most of the alphabet until coming to H and flagging Sherlock instantly, “Mr. Holmes” she called and he raised his hand with an audible sigh. She continued, “Sherlock comes to us from a private school just North of London, so please be kind if you see him in the halls. I'm sure many of you will run into him in other classes so-“
“I can see school is treating you well,” the older Holmes lightly commented, stepping further into the room and casually leaned against a wooden dresser.
There was always something.
"Absolutely brilliant!"
"W-what happened...?" He asked before memory caught up to him and his breath picked up along with his heartbeat, "Oh no...Murray, what happened with Murray?" John went to pull the sheets over his legs and rush out of bed when he felt a steadying pressure on his right arm, keeping him in place.
"Oh John I didn't mean-"
"Jim Moriarty!"
Sherlocks eyes shot to John.
The two of them walked out the back doors, John still supporting Sherlock around the waist while the boy's arm slung over his shoulder. The whole time they walked down the street and to an unfamiliar pathway, Sherlock's couldn't help but tense with the thought of John Watson's hand on his waist.
Johnuin ran a hand through his hair when his mother released him and gently kissed her cheek, “I wouldn't be the man I am today without you, mum.”
The sun was already being unkind as it settled itself in the sky. John took a second to pull off a glove and his cap to wipe a hand across his brow. He fanned himself with his cap and sent a wave Anderson's way, before the sound of an engine caused him to turn to the source.
"Mycroft, haven't you got something better to do like, I don't know, eat a
“Well he should,” the boy chuckled, playing with the eraser on his desk, “Jim’s a right bastard and lunatic. He's gunna kill someone one day, mark my words.”
The car slowed down to a stop and John took the opportunity to escape the close confines. Grabbing his cane, he opened the door quickly and bolted out, shutting the door behind and angrily walking down the walkway in the opposite direction. Realizing after turning down a corner, he didn't quite catch the last of what the older Holmes had to say.
"And how was your trip into town?"
Sherlock rubbed at his side from the impact, but stood up straight once again just as John reached for the door handle, “I'll pay!” he shouted. John froze in his spot, head bent and hand resting on the handle. The room stayed silent for a few seconds but ended after John made his way through the door, letting it shut behind him.
John shrugged, free hand flexing uncomfortably "As best as I can."
A playful grin swept across his face, and John turned in his seat to face the gorgeous man in front. "I play beautifully, eh? Well Mr. Holmes, I must say that you yourself could charm the very hearts of women."
Sherlock didn't even hesitate to let his eyes wander over the man in front while his mind was collecting vigorous amounts of data. "Interesting."
"Well you need to do it, John." He sighed, lowering his tone, "I know this has been difficult for you. Coming back from that mess and such, but rents not gunna' pay itself."
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
Again, Johnuin found himself on the ground; the cool tile acting a small comfort for what felt like hours before he realized he was being hoisted up by strong arms and carried quickly out into the darkness of night.
"John...I..."
Without further ado, heres the next chapter! (Will try to get another out for you guys this weekend if I have time!)
, John.”
A boy, around 8 or 10, John assumed, came running through the doors and charged toward Sherlock with a letter in hand. He just about knocked into John as he flapped the paper out in front and tried to catch his breath. "Mr, Holmes! Telegram from inspector Lestrade!"
John chuckled and looked down at his plate, remembering that he in fact did have food still in front of him. "Easy observation then."
Sherlock stepped out of view to expose Jake, sitting on the sofa with a nervous grin.
“I'll take it,” John said, starting to lead once again down the road. The two of them continued toward their destination until they were right in front of John's flat. Sherlock looked up at it with an arched brow, wondering why in all hell John would have taken him there.
"Is this normal for you?" Sherlock asked and John just blinked at him. "I'm supposing it is."
"Oi, straighten up lads" Anderson called and both men straightened up, dusting off their trousers and outreaching their hands with a wide grin. "The young one here is Braddock, just turned sixteen last winter." Anderson recited, pointing to the young man with bleached blond hair. John shook his dirt soddened hand with a smile, "Very nice to meet you."
"I beg your pardon!" John called, his fingers turning abnormally white as he clenched the handle of his cane.
Sherlock gave him an inquisitive look and his eyes wandered the doctors face, as if looking for something. It was cut short unfortunately, when the waiter - Peter was it? - returned to whisper something in Sherlock's ear. A little fire rose in John's belly and he couldn't for the life of figure out whatever for. It was an odd feeling, one he hadn't felt in a very long time. Yet, as he continued to stare at the lips moving closely (too close for his liking) to Sherlocks ear, he couldn't help the need to adjust himself more upright in his chair, puffing his chest subconsciously.
Sherlock had remained situated in the living room...waiting...while the noise from the shower, and John's humming, filled the flat. He had checked his watch frequently and decided to pace the room instead as a better way to spend his time.
"It's just that I....I...I've never been in one of these before." He blushed, nervous as all hell stepping into something that moves and he can't control. Lestrade let out a loud chuckle, "Then let it be a new experience for you, Mr. Watson! You've already travelled so far, making your way down here to Sussex, I can tell that your a man of adventure - so let this be a new one!"
John nodded.
"You're not a monster and you did not hurt me, John-"
“Johnuin” Sherlock murmurs, gently moving a matted piece of hair off of the prince's face.
John looked to him in puzzlement then turned to the two other gentlemen - who seemed to have a problem talking for some reason. Lestrade cleared his throat and kept his eyes fixed on something that appeared to be behind John. John turned his head and spotted his cane resting neatly against his armchair. His eyes then travelled down to his feet, where he was leaning on one foot - pressure resting on his good leg but standing on two feet all the same.
He had just finished up dumping a sack full of dead branches and dried twigs into the compost barrel, when he noticed a little purple head peeking up from the sea of green. He smiled down at it, remembering the comment his Lordship had made that one winter afternoon, and picked it - placing the little beauty in his breast pocket.
“O-oh….my apologies” he muttered, scolding himself mentally.
“Do you promise to try and get some rest again if I do?” she smiled.
John snorted a laugh and then looked up at him, eyes slightly watered, “You're a right twat too, Cheekbones.”
Taking a deep breath and risking a glance at his flatmate, John noticed the hint of a smile on the corner of his lips. "Well, it would appear so."
Sherlock had barely gotten any sleep the previous night, thinking of ways in which to ‘aplogise’ - as Lestrade has put it - to John Watson about his erratic behavior. Sherlock had still believed he was in the right; that John had no form of consent to snip even a single hair off of his head. But upon meticulously checking himself in the mirror that morning, found that the other boy's observation was correct. It wasn't even noticeable.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Jesus..." John took another steadying breath "it was just a dream..."
Sherlock made sure John didn't exert himself several days after the
It was a month since that night at The Landmark, after Sherlock spotted a chief editor to The Strand, it struck John as odd that such a sight was unusual. But then again....this was Sherlock Holmes he was talking about.
John's eyes brows shot up as his mouth widened, "U-um, Sherlock, that's a bit pricey don't you think?"
The dragonling was stunned, this kid hadn't noticed anything; or he did but refused to mention the unusual, “A-Aveloth berries…” he mumbled.
"Ugh, what did he want?"
Sherlock groaned from his spot in the kitchen, forcefully chopping lettuce.
It was almost as if a dangerous spark ignited in Sherlock because he was hovered over the officer in mere seconds from his position in the door, with narrowed eyes. "If you're referring to Dr. John Watson, which I rather fear you are, I suggest you hold on to your tongue before the consequences of both your actions and words will be worth more than just a small slap on the wrist. He is my assistant and will therefore be accompanying myself and Inspector Lestrade to the crime scene where we shall peruse through the given evidence and scold Scotland Yard's overall ability and idiocy."
took place. With both the news of Bill Murray and the approaching banquet that was being held next month, it was needed for John to stay in the confines of 221B for a while. Easier said than done.
The staff were watching him with widened eyes, and when he noticed that the head butler, Mr.  Lestrade, was watching him as well, he cleared his throat, "T- thank you, Mr. Lestrade, I'm looking forward to get to know you all."
"Goodness, John! Did you get heckled in the streets? Shame on those fools! Attacking a poor man like yourself-" she was caught in her words right away. John's face fell, followed by his eyes, and the wooden floor below never looked so depressing and interesting at the same time.
John wiped his hands with the serviette and grabbed for the sheet, turning it to see the scrawled out words in pen ink. He snorted.
Wilkes snorted when the sound of multiple footsteps echoed behind him in the halls, “You're right when you're right, that's for sure. Jim was right about you.”
The younger man paused and looked up at his brother with knit brows, "What does that mean?
"A woman her age would still be quite capable to do it though sir, if I may ask, the woman did have children, did she not? She would be prone to be a mother hen."
“You're ok…it's going to  be fine…I-I'm so sorry...” were the last words continuously muttered to him in the deafening darkness before Johnuin blacked out completely.
"John!" Lestrade came out from a corner in the main room and removed a blood soaked glove before extending a hand toward the doctor.
', how sweet." John could have sworn the mans ears blushed pink.
“It's not what it looks like…” John tried but was cut off from a hard hit across the face.
"I can see now why you both take an interest in friendship amongst each other. Your constant ask of the same questions and need of some form of answer to ground yourself is excruciating to watch."
The sacks were filled with a mixture of yellow and purple and he almost felt a little disappointed at the waste. Scooping up a handful of them at the base, he grabbed some twine off one of the shelves and tied several purple and yellow flowers in a very small bouquet. He placed them in his front breast pocket, next to his pocket-watch, and fluffed them up so that they rested just peeking out slightly while showing their vibrant colours.
“John ‘amish Wason!” A rumbly and deep voice slurred as it approached their little shelter.
"What's the matter?"
Anderson scoffed at the comment, eyes narrowed, and his face beet red with rage - all while glaring daggers at the insufferable musician.
Sherlock looked up from under his lashes and stood up from his hunching position. "You surprise me, doctor."
"So we don't have much in the fridge, but don't worry because I have an assortment of food." Sherlock set the plate down in front and watched as John scurried over and plumped down on his arse just staring at the plate.
"Are you in need of assistance?"
Mycroft grinned and the turned to the driver, nodding to him and proceeded to the front door of his decorated manor. John just sat their dumbfounded as the car door shut in front of his him and began moving.
John - still in the trenches - looked around at the bodies littering the muddy ground. Limbs blown off. Bullet wounds buried deep within skulls as a crimson liquid pooled down over their bloodshot eyes. His heart raced as it pounded in his ears and he gripped the rifle at his side harder. It was in that moment that a single flash of lightening caused him to squint; the sounds of cries and yelling of commands slipping their way into his mind. It was almost out of a nightmare as the bodies on the ground began animating to life, lifting their muddied and almost detached limbs to clap and groan in pain.
Sherlock broke off first, chest heaving and licking his lips in one broad swipe. His eyes were blown wide, much to how John imagined his eyes were at this very moment. "And what information have you gained from your test, doctor?" Sherlock asked, voice husky and rough with desire.
Jacob snorted at the comment but quickly cleared his throat when both of the women took to looking at him strangely. As they all climbed the steps, Jacob hesitated at the threshold and took a deep breath. Into battle.
When the car door was slammed shut, and the window back up to block out the cool wind, Sherlock slumped down in his seat and crossed his arms over his chest with a scowl. “Look what you've done! Blown my cover for sure!”
“There's been reports of sightings within the walls of our neighboring human kingdom.”
"Sorry mate!" A worried voice from the other man called....it was a familiar voice. "Sherlock! Is that you?"
Disclaimer: Violence at beginning & some very light smut at the end of this chapter (Added tags).
“Problem over here?”
On the horizon, the familiar sparkling ice blue water glowed an almost pale blue that shimmered atop the calm surface. It was like a beacon compared to the dark spiraling trees that littered around it.
“You need to leave, your majesty” Sherlock muttered, eyes still trained on the approaching figure.
Again, Mrs. Hudson repeated the name, “Is John Watson here?”
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
Out the door the taller man went, long coat bellowing behind and John tipped his cap in departure before hastily following.
“I'm sorry, sir” Sherlock muttered, head bent in defeat but eyes glued to John's blank stare beside him.
“He wouldn't take it.”
“Gregory Lestrade?”
Sherlock remained silent, feeling a little defeated at the events that transpired after class. Why had John refused an offer after money had been involved? Clearly, the boy needed it since he kept showing up with ripped clothing and looked as if he hadn't showered in weeks. There was something about this John Watson that Sherlock couldn't deduce, and it was eating at his insides not knowing what.
"And I've also taken into account your maths skill. I am very impressed with your manners and you, Mr. Watson, when can you start?"
"Almost two years."
Two months. Two months positioned back in London and already his mind was racing back to the battlefront. The screams and cries of fellow soldiers and enemies ringing through his ears. The single metal bullet standing erect on his end table. He could taste it now; the metallic revolver caressing the roof of his mouth as he gently pulled the trigger and....BAM. He could end it. Right here and right now, Dr. John Hamish Watson; Captain in the 5th Northumberland fusiliers, dead by his own hand.
John couldn't help but nod at the encouragement and stepped in with a look of awe. The machine was quite astounding and comfortable, especially when he was taking it to his new employment and home.
Greg nodded, and after adjusting his shirt, marched over to the table while collecting an armful of books. “‘Scuse me, mate” he smiled while plopping the books down directly in front of John and ‘accidentally’ spreading them all over the table so that they covered the other boy's book in the process.
Greg sighed and went to the kitchen, throwing his coat and dress jacket onto one of the kitchen chairs and rolled up his sleeves. He grabbed a white dishcloth and walked back to living room, gently dabbing at the droplets of tea running down the canvas.
"Mycroft, I would say the pleasure is mine to this fine meeting, but I must admit that this is way beyond pleasure more like....
A nauseating feeling washed over him before he attempted to beat it away. It's just dinner...just. Dinner. Setting himself upright and testing his legs to see if their shaking still had the ability to hold his weight, he proceeded upstairs to his bedroom for a quick change - and hopefully some means to calm the nerves.
One thing John saw, that he couldn't help but keep the smile off of his face, was how kind Lord Holmes actually was. Of course, there were those that earned an eye roll, but for others (and most of them) there was a warm smile and polite 'hello's' and 'thank you's'.
"What?"
“Yea, Sherlock,” Adler purred, “Why don't you listen to your little puppy.”
John instinctively set the tray down opposite him and reached to place a cup out in front. Sherlock looked up at him with a blank expression and went back to his pile of papers. "Is this a form of olive branch, doctor?"
It never did anything, just got Sherlock talked about and picked on even more. They used to call him the snitch. He thought for sure Sherrinford would be a clean slate. Guess not.
“In exactly 2 minutes there will be a black cab pulled directly in front of your home. You will open the door to those who wish to enter. No questions asked.”
Sherlocks mouth opened up several times but closed right after; as if words refused to leave that gaping hole.
Mycroft tugged the earbud from his brother's ear which earned a huff of protest from the mess of curls. “I thought you would like a snack before dinner. I was tempted to bring up crisps instead” he joked but was surely lost on his little brother.
"Odd for you to be coming in here doing the shopping, Dr. Watson. Shouldn't a stand up man like yourself or Mr.Holmes hire a housekeeper? Or what about Mrs. Hudson running your homely errands!"
, he thought.
Jake tried not to shudder and instead took to nodding carefully, “E-excited?? Oh, y-yes.”
“Doctor,” John corrected before continuing, “and about how many before my daughter?”
Nineteen years went by so fast. Looking back, Johnuin didn't regret a second of his childhood. He had a loving and caring mother and an annoying but respectable older sister, he went on adventures through the secret passages littering his home and traveled through their surrounding village. He made friends wherever he went, and had an imagination of gold, what else could he have asked for.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, trying to collect as much data as he could about John Watson. So Moriarty was intimidated…by someone who looked so…..ordinary?
The phone from the sitting room went off and John nearly lost his balance on the sink. He went to grab for his cane but as soon as his index finger tapped at the handle, it slipped and crashed to the tiled floor.
<3 you all for the Kudos and comments I really appreciate you all and you encourage me to continue writing!
Nerves enveloped him when he realized what he said and how he said it. John cursed his wit and attitude and shut his eyes, hoping his new employer would not fire him on the spot after only his second day.
Footsteps from down the hallway beside them brought him back to his senses and he turned to see the familiar figure of his old friend.
“We live. Just like we've always done.”
"I promise, cross my heart."
"I beg to differ, my Lord."
Sherlock's hands waved rapidly about the air, sliding out folders and opening their contents to scan each and every word.
Time was edging closer to when the prince would be officially announced at court. The ballroom was ornately decorated with glass and crystal, making it shine even as the light outside began to cast low in the sky.
"My apologies." Holmes said, shuffling to try and gain his bearings.
Too hot.
Braddock sent over a toothy grin, "My pa says the same, sir! I-"
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded, wiping at his eyes and then bracing himself on Sherlock as the man proceeded to help him to his feet. "I-I'm sorry..." he breathed, unable to find his voice.
There were several seconds of silence, "Absolutely no idea." Sherlock hummed, eyes still fixed on the outside world.
He had to try. For science.
Sherlock sighed and re-adjusted himself on one knee, "I called your named twice and you still stand there like a dim witted officer of the Yard."
. Do keep up John.”
Jake had just grabbed a hold of his fiancées hand when his mobile went off and he patted his pockets until he was faced with the bright screen.
Sherlock felt defeated. He had just met his very first human child and already the young boy had caught the dragonling’s interest.
Around him, nobles from all over the globe glided along the floor in swoops of coloured fabrics as the musicians played on. He watched with rapt attention as both men and women lifted their partners and twirled before placing them down to move along the floor once again. Johnuin was so caught up in the scene that he didn't even realize his mother had brought him into new company.
"I will."
“Is that him?”
"Of course it wasn't me, the good doctor did that to himself."
“I beg to differ,” John remarked, crossing his arms over his chest before sticking out a hand, “I'll have my book back now, Cheekbones.”
John shook his head, sitting the pamphlet down on the car seat space between them. "I cannot perform Mycroft!"
“So now that you’re older, be prepared for the pestering of finding a suitor,” Harry remarked beside him in her chair. Johnuin just rolled his eyes in response, sticking out his tongue in mock disgust, “I'm not there yet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg's phone rang not even five seconds after receiving Sherlock's most recent text. He answered it with a sigh before putting it up to his ear, “Go on then.”
"Hoo, hoo" a voice from behind pulled him back to his senses and he pulled on a small grin as he turned to face Mrs. Hudson, tea and biscuits in hand.
"Sherlock." He tested on his tongue and found that he quite liked the name. It was alluring and unique, just like the man who stood before him.
Mycroft turned to face the gaping doctor with a tight smile, "Pleasure to make your acquaintance again, Captain Watson. I see that your face has healed since our last meeting."
The boys were seated in a row. Irene and Wilkes must have fled before the arrival of the teachers because they were completely absent from the office.
John jumped at the baritone voice behind him and quickly shuffled to turn around and bow his head in resignation. "Apologies, my Lord. I was not aware that your were present."
Mycroft bent down so that his snout was directly in front of the small head and let out a gust of air from his nostrils, causing the mop of dark curls to fly back until they were sticking up in all different directions.
"John. His name is John."
"Your eye..."
"What?"
Just then he felt a small and wet pressure on his cheek. Sherlock opened his now red rimmed eyes to be greeted by the small creature, licking his cheek gently. He could almost picture the sad look on John's own face, cupping his cheek and rubbing the pad of his thumb over it. John was always there. Always. But had Sherlock ever truly been there for his husband in return?
There was an agitated sigh followed by a mumbling of curses and words that John was able to catch "idiot" and "silly little brains".
John's eyes widened as the musician continued.
Happy weekend! And to those of you celebrating thanksgiving this month, Happy Thanksgiving!
“For what?” John asked softly.
Little scraping sounds and screeching cries brought him up from his slumber and Sherlock practically fell off the couch, jumping up while eyes shot to table in their seating room. John was pacing around in a circle, feet tapping the keys of his keyboard as he chattered. The curly haired man wasted no time scooping him up with one hand and then reaching for an open book he 'borrowed' last night. He flipped several pages until a big picture of a cartoon hedgehog wearing baby diapers was smiling brightly. The title said it all.
“Moran” Jim piped up.
Sherlock dipped his head to read. "That's because I am clever, John. There is little to prove in regards to that." He dropped the papers on his writing desk and hastily went to the coat hanger, reaching for his deep blue belstaff coat.
“You avoiding other people's payments too?” Jim asked, fake smile and cocked eyebrow at the ready.
“It's a bit scary when you do that.”
"Ah, I see."
"You are not a monster, John Watson, and you did not hurt me in any way. Now let us get you up and come have a cup of tea with me in the sitting room. We will deal with your belongings later."
That's when he saw it. Outside the house two doors down from his, collapsed on the curb, was a young man.
and therefore Orlando is a lot more open in returning the sentiment than Orsino is."
would it?"
Sometimes it's easy to block things out.
"Search the pond," he ordered Lestrade, already walking back towards the house. "Someone threw the silver in there, the silver that was missing from the sitting-room. Lady Brackenstall and her maid lied to us. This wasn't a burglary gone wrong. This was intentional, brutal murder."
The Timelord looked at her sharply. "Who would invent a machine to do this?"
There was a delicate cough from behind them. "Telling
The older Vulcan sighed. "I learned to control my emotions in order to fit in with my peers. It was not until I left Vulcan and joined Starfleet that I socialised with humans at all, and not until I met one particular human that I began to let myself feel emotions again, seeing how his feelings benefited him."
True to his word, Will didn't interrupt for the whole of the next scene, even as it came to Molly's first entrance as Olivia and his own as Malvolio. It had been a while since John had watched his best friend act; he'd forgotten the joy that Will brought to the stage, the sheer manic energy, even playing a character with so little energy of his own so early on.
"I want you," the doctor replied without hesitation. "Sherlock, I want you so much."
John frowned up at him. "Which life?"
The young lovers grinned at them as they passed, bowing to tumultuous applause. "Speaking of
. He has to keep a very tight hold on his self-control to avoid doing what every nerve in his body is screaming at him to do, pushing his flatmate back against the couch and taking him before he can protest. The knowledge that Sherlock is keeping a similar lid on his primal urges is somewhat hard to stomach.
"John," Sherlock murmured, sounding as sleepy as John felt. He lifted his head and hummed inquisitively. "Is this… what do you…
"It was," the maid nodded, "but it wasn't unheard of. My Lady likes to be a little mysterious from time to time. I always worry, but she
Startlingly loud in the relative silence of the street, Sherlock's stomach makes a protesting grumble. John gives him a knowing look, all ready to suggest a detour to some kind of sandwich shop or Chinese parlour; when he looks, though, the detective is studiously buried in whatever he's doing with his phone.
My bottom lip works its way between my teeth. "What if I can't? What if I can't do it and he leaves?"
us. All of us."
He sounded impressed; John smiled once more. With many companies, it was the actors that people remembered, but
He wasn't sure it was supposed to be this awkward, but now it was evident neither of them really knew what they were doing he felt better. Julien brought one hand up to his face, mirroring Sherlock's touch and cupping his jaw to draw their faces closer, and slid the other around his waist to clutch at the back of his shirt. Sherlock jumped at the graze of carefully-trimmed fingernails on the small of his back. Julien's thin lips moved against his, parting and pressing harder as they came back together, his arms tightening, drawing Sherlock closer.
He shrugged in reply. "Doesn't matter – Bill doesn't either. You don't have to come if you don't want to, Jim, but the offer's there if you want company."
The taller man smiled warmly. "Definitely," he agreed. "So, tomorrow morning, Angelo's Inn?"
Suddenly Julien's face contorted into a grimace and Sherlock felt his tongue attempt to lift in protest; the boy gagged slightly and backed off. Sherlock wondered if he should apologise, but Julien didn't show any signs of stopping, sucking harder on the tip and bringing his hand out of his trousers to wrap around the part that his mouth didn't reach. Knowing exactly what that hand had just been touching made the beginnings of orgasm spark in his stomach; he choked back another moan, suddenly mindful of the people in the room beside his, and moved his own hand to the French boy's hair, leaning over him as his muscles tensed and clenched, the pleasure building and quivering with every flutter of Julien's tongue.
Nay, now dispatch: 'twas I that stabb'd young Edward,
to examine my sexual history."
"Do you have something for me?" the detective asked in a low voice, pulling sixpence from his pocket and holding it up. The boy looked around furtively before bending close and murmuring quickly in his ear. Sherlock flipped the sixpence into the boy's lap and straightened, a little smile twisting the corners of his mouth as he processed whatever the boy had told him. After a moment he muttered, "Excellent," to himself and carried on walking as though nothing had happened, with a call of, "Thank you, Billy!" back to the boy.
"Meh. The usual. Almost hospitalised my brother, got bored to the point of considering suicide and sunburned so badly I have a completely fresh coat of skin. Nothing new."
, he told himself, shaking it off. As if he could notice something that Sherlock Holmes did not.
with John's face, too… Sherlock tipped his head to one side and widened his smile slightly, raising one hand to lean closer to the mirror, eyes fluttering as though in anticipation of a kiss –
Slowly, Sherlock stepped forwards until he was standing right in front of the chair. Grieg looked up at him. "Are… are you sure you can keep quiet?" he asked.
Sherlock stood up and moved away from the tree, returning to the Doctor's side. "Okay," he said slowly. "Explain."
he thundered, seeing Sherlock cringe at the word.
But his friend was clearly not in this room, and John had not invaded his mind like this to judge or psychoanalyse it, so he closed the door as quietly as he had opened it and moved on.
Thou mayst be damned for that wicked deed!
And suddenly John's stone-cold sober. Only not stone-cold at all; Sherlock's words send a flush of heat through him. He tries to sit up, only Sherlock's still in the way. "I've been thinking about it,
"Ah!" Will said knowingly. John grimaced.
Sherlock started reluctantly with an air of forced patience, but Molly turned frantically back to him and cut him off in an instant.
The detective pushed off the desk and began a steady pace in circles around John, his eyes dancing.
be coincidence, certainly, but I think that's unlikely. There are a number of ways they could have orchestrated her death so that an unsuspecting surgeon would assume natural causes. Or perhaps they decided to kidnap Lady Carfax after they realised the mother was days from death. Either way, the only hope for Lady Carfax now is that they are still looking to gain some kind of ransom from her. We have to hope they're keeping her alive until the last possible moment, or we're already too late."
Hannah laughed. "We're safe in this office, right?" she asked.
John frowned. "Funny, I don't remember it looking that deep with her inside."
"Sally!"
he cried, pointing an accusing finger and stepping yet closer until their chests almost touched. It was uncanny, being so much shorter than his female counterpart.
Behold this pattern of thy butcheries.
Which his hell-govern'd arm hath butchered!"
John heard Bill's voice again as he reached the door to the dining hall. This didn't tend to mean anything; Bill's slow drawl carried rather spectacularly, and he almost never bothered trying to regulate it. He stopped and looked around, just in case.
Unsurprisingly, the car doesn't pull away. Sherlock attempts to keep walking, and the car keeps moving at the same pace. John doesn't follow. "Sherlock," he calls forward. His flatmate turns back slowly to look at him, his face pleading. "Maybe we should just go. See what he wants. It could be important."
mouth?" he teased. "I've been making less noise than you." To illustrate the point, he ground their hips together once more, quick and brutal this time; sure enough, Sherlock bit off a loud noise, then chuckled, admitting defeat.
John looks from Sherlock to the window and back again. Sherlock's lips have curled back up into a lazy smile as though he's actually enjoying the moral agony his flatmate has managed to place himself in again. Then he sighs. "No, Mrs St. Claire."
His hands were shaking, and he didn't even have to
There was a long pause, until holding his breath in anticipation of a reply became uncomfortable. Then Sherlock nodded shortly and stalked off on his heel, leaving John to wonder whether that meant the detective had forgiven him or merely accepted his apology. If he tried to follow, would Sherlock let him?
That decided, Sherlock shifted his fingers abruptly to the button on John's jeans. John followed suit, returning his mouth to the still-visible bite-mark on Sherlock's neck as his fingers attempted to learn the hook-and-eye fastenings of Sherlock's neat black trousers. John muffled the groan in Sherlock's smooth, pale neck as his long fingers delved into his briefs and wrapped delicately around the heat of his prick.
with the vague thought that Sherlock might join in and attempt to learn the tune.
, Sherlock supposed, if he was honest. Because Julien wouldn't laugh if he clung onto Joe Grieg like a dependent teenager, whereas he couldn't turn to Julien and he certainly couldn't go back to John, and he needed
John blinks wildly as the blue silk dressing gown lands on his lap; Sherlock disrobes so casually, as though he doesn't realise his body is cause for reverence and worship. He takes in a sharp breath as the baggy grey t-shirt unceremoniously follows the gown, but the now bare-chested Sherlock gives him a positively salacious
It takes a great deal of effort not to jump on the woman and wring her neck until she tells me everything. For some reason I feel strangely jumpy, and remaining still is twice as much effort as usual. I sigh. "I know how you gave the letter to Eduardo Lucas. And how you recovered it last night – very clever, by the way."
he spat. "I don't need you to assign me your latest bit of rough."
He chokes on his first sip of tea. "
John blinks in surprise. "You… you made time in your plans for me to have lunch?'
"No, it's just a bit complicated," the Doctor told him, briefly glancing down at it and fiddling with some kind of control. "Here."
Intrigued, John felt his body tipping forwards slightly in the chair as though angling to be closer to the younger man.
, to give him so much only to take it away quite literally at the last moment. John looks down at the fine-boned face peering up at him and thinks he might vomit. He suddenly has to get out of there, out of the room, away from Sherlock, but the detective looks so wretched and apologetic. John can still feel the heat of the man's erection against his thigh.
An elbow in the eye later and he's thinking that maybe, in fact, the
frightening, not least because it means that one or both of them must be giving off some kind of bold impression that they are the kind of people who enjoy – to name a few – procreating in semi-public places, flogging each other with riding crops, or tying each other up and performing intricate "scientific" investigations on each other. At these moments, John starts to put his head in his hands and crawl away in embarrassment at the vaguely interested look on his boyfriend's face.
John kissed him again, gently, cupping the nape of his neck; Sherlock could feel his short fingers playing with the curls that rested there. The kiss was soft, pleasant; John was caressing him with his tongue, his other arm snaking around his back to hold him tight, his breath falling softly against Sherlock's cheek. He melted into it, surrendering himself to John, feeling the answering smirk against his lips.
It was wonderful, slow and sweet but heavy, laden with relief and anticipation. Sherlock shuddered and crushed their bodies together, parting his lips and reasserting their mouths against each other until John was backed against the doorframe with Sherlock's hands on either side of his neck.
: while women were not generally accepted, and black/mixed-race women even less so, it wasn't as bad as people generally think. I take a lot of my inspiration on this (actually, this entire story) from Stephen Orgel's work, especially
. If we get caught I'll never get another job,
"People like you," Sherlock finished quietly.
was not possible - had he spoken any of his thoughts aloud?
There's a click, and a creak, and the far door – the one that isn't locked and bolted – swings gently open; Milverton's head snaps around and John snaps back to reality. His knees weaken for a moment as Sherlock's nose pushes harder against his neck, the detective desperate to see what's happening in the room beyond.
that could be hotter than he felt. He usually liked to keep his room warm and dense because he found it easier to think that way, but now it was almost as if his sweat was boiling on the surface of his skin.
Surprisingly, they were. Even Tobias was on form; John could see the back tier of the audience responding to his lines, where usually they were whipped away by the wind and the groundlings from his lack of projection. John clapped him on the back when they finished, grinning. "Well done tonight, Tobias," he said earnestly, trying not to sound surprised. "That voice work is really paying off."
"Uh-huh," the Doctor confirmed absently. "Because, I'm going to do something very clever."
This time it's Sherlock who speaks. "Oh, please. Lestrade wouldn't convict us. He said it himself, the Yard had their eyes on Milverton anyway. They're happy he's gone. And I'm sure they're not the only ones."
Sherlock shook his head slowly. "There are a number of ways in which this might influence the case," he disagreed. "Perhaps Her Majesty attempted to contact Lady Carfax when she fell ill, and that's why Carfax went to Sussex in the first place - trying to avoid the royal summons. We'll have to look at the people who were most likely to have known about it. Or where potential leaks could have come from."
The woman stands up aggressively. "My husband
kind of investigation? They were obviously just trying to make it look like they were doing something.
Mrs Hudson scampers down the stairs again. John clambers to his feet and catches his best friend's eye; both men succumb to a snort of laughter. Sherlock turns to greet his client, but John chuckles and spins him back around. "Look," he says gently, calculatedly reaching a hand up to the detective's cheek. "You've got cheesecake all over your face." He brushes his thumb through a streak of boysenberry at the corner of Sherlock's mouth and for a moment considers that they're close enough to kiss.
He raised an impressed eyebrow.
After a while he found a promising button labelled 'copy', placed the first page of notes on the glass, pressed it and held his breath.
Marchbanks took the towel from him and shook it out, sending more dust spinning through the air, before lightly swiping it over the windowpane and the desk of controls. The Doctor thanked him graciously.
Bill moved his head until it was in John's line of sight anyway. "Of course you did," he agreed. "You couldn't just leave a bloke like that."
wasn't as controlling as you are."
s floated around in my head but refused to coalesce before John had thanked me and bounced off upstairs.
. He didn't, so Sherlock continued. "They're clear signs of remorse. For some reason, she cared about this one more than the others." He performed his cursory calculating sweep of the room. "Judging by the photographs, he'd come out of a long-term relationship about…" he moved to the dresser for a closer look, "a month ago. He probably missed looking after someone the way he'd looked after his girlfriend. He was nice to her."
Not quite following, Lestrade nodded. Sherlock raised a hand to scratch agitatedly at his hairline. "I was there about five days ago. There was a piece of tweed caught in the tree overhanging the place where the body was found. I analysed it in the lab. It's high quality fabric, and tweed isn't something you find in department stores with the current fashion. There are only two tailors in Saville Row who use that kind of weave in their fabrics. If you take it in to them they should be able to give you a list of customers, and I wouldn't think it would be very long."
He watches as Sherlock bites his lip, staring at him like he's the most incredible thing in the world. John smiles under his scrutiny, remembering – it feels like a million years ago now – sitting at the kitchen table and planning how he was going to seduce his flatmate, getting distracted by the thought of Sherlock looking at him just like this. Maybe he hasn't won everything. Sure, that hurts. But he hasn't really
With a theatrical flick of his sleeves, Sherlock Holmes raised a long-fingered hand and knocked on the mercenary's door. For a moment, nothing happened; John wondered what they would do if there turned out to be nobody home. Then there was a scuffling sound, and a small, pale man cracked open the door.
," he says, and now we're both crying properly, kneeling on the floor of the sitting-room with
He looked up at the Doctor, his finger on the switch, to find that the green eyes were alight and sparkling. Sherlock raised a lazy eyebrow inquisitively and received a nod in reply. He grinned, suddenly and sharply, and flicked the switch off, plunging the forest into darkness.
Even so, I expect it to take more than five minutes before he starts snoring. I also expect the sound to be irritating, the little puffs and hums of breath disturbing my quiet; instead, my brain slows gently to sync with his rhythm and actually
like he was about to collapse? – and swept out of the room. This time, John Watson didn't say anything. Sherlock allowed himself the smirk as he reached the door, and then turned back, remembering the rest of the doctor's complaint.
The detective smiled. "I haven't asked," he admitted. "Knowing Angelo's previous record, I would rather not find out."
When the Doctor flipped the flight lever for a second time, the stabilising controls (
of you,
He looked so wound up that John bit back a chuckle and took a pacifying sip of tea. "I'm not saying you don't need to be able to do it, I'm just saying it's hard, and you shouldn't feel bad about having trouble," he said calmly. "Take a deep breath, first of all, you won't be able to do it if you're panicking about how important it is. Why don't you help me with theory first? You're good at theory, and the Patronus Charm will be easier when you're a bit more comfortable."
"What, the homoerotic subtext?" John teased, but given Sherlock's earlier comments he supposed the tease seemed rather redundant.
– but every time people try to make the shift to purely digital books the public put up some kind of protest. Books are still being printed like this right up until the year 4 million."
had heard of William Shakespeare . It was quite nice, actually, to hear comments like Lestrade's and not
, which he hadn't, so perhaps he ought to go to bed and try again. He cast one last wistful glance at the violin, yawned, and then conceded the point and went to bed.
John tentatively lifts a hand and places it on Sherlock's shoulder. "No, Sherlock, it's… are you all right, though?"
Sorry for the delay, and more bad news: I'm taking November away from fanfiction to do NaNoWriMo. So I probably won't be updating this again until December.
Sherlock took a step closer, before seeming to check himself, to consider his options and their implications. He gave John an obvious glance over and then smiled mischievously.
So he walked casually right around the block and picked the lock on the pool's back door.
," he said disdainfully. "This is far more important than the
was supposed to just be a kind of filler between
these circles, isn't he, so isn't he better placed to know who might be leaking the information?"
final line.
but rubbing himself up and down the seam of Sherlock's trousers, so that when he thrust the friction against Sherlock's balls and the base of his cock increased until it was almost unbearable, until his sobs with each thrust almost completely stopped being fake.
Is not the causer of the timeless deaths
murder, just that you should be
is the important part of the Unforgivables. So the Incolumus Charm is designed to cloak the caster's mind, if you like, so that the Unforgivable Curse has no target and it just dissipates. It takes a huge amount of concentration to hold the charm for any length of time."
Sebastian cleared his throat.
beautiful. Every inch of it betrayed who his flatmate was, from the tan line to the scars to the way he was lying, terribly self-conscious but trying to show the opposite, his hands still gripping Sherlock's forearms, his eyes soft with more affection than Sherlock had ever seen in one place before. He couldn't stop his hands from continuing their lazy strokes over John's torso and hips, but he bent his head and kissed, licked and sucked every part of his new lover's body from which something could be deduced about him: his collarbone, slightly bent from being broken many years ago, the bullet wound in his shoulder, the still-muscled dip between his pectorals, the less-muscled flesh of his belly, his surgeon's fingers, the slight signs of wastage in his right thigh from months of walking with a limp.
The idea that
Bill's expression was so comically outraged that John almost wished he had a camera.
Sherlock gave John a wry grin. "I represent Her Majesty's Government," he pronounced to the undertaker, striding forwards until his hand hovered over the counter. "I need some information about a custom coffin you are building."
They're in the study, a largish square room with a desk in the middle, facing the window, but John's eyes are drawn to the huge safe that squats behind it like a child about to pounce. In there, he thinks to himself, are the deepest and dirtiest secrets of Kate Middleton's love life.
I don’t recall any of those claims. I’m not a liar. I don’t want him hurt.
