His head was still reeling when he made his way downstairs. But all of these thoughts stopped when he saw Sherlock. Just him
“Oh, bits and bobs,” Freddy said. “She has clothes and toiletries upstairs and some shoes in the hall. I think there’s books as well. She usually stayed over the weekend,” he said, swallowing heavily.
“Hm?”
“Why does anyone do anything?” Sherlock sighed dramatically and spread his hands. “She lives in London, in a tiny one bedroom flat. Not cheap, but nothing grand. Nothing to grow old in, surely. Five years ago, however, she bought a rather nice cottage in Cornwall. In case you’re not up to speed in this area, the house prices in Cornwall are currently a little over what a PA in the civil service can afford. In addition, due to a legal complication, she received no money whatsoever from the death of her husband. And she has three cats to feed,” he added as an afterthought.
About an hour later, he noticed that his brother was waking up. He sat a little straighter and plastered a friendly grin onto his face. No need to be alarming today.
In the early evening, John got ready for the ball. He put on the immaculate suit and his smart shoes and smoothed his hair a little. Then he went back to the sitting room, fidgeting with his bow tie until it sat somewhat straight on his buttoned up collar. He was feeling a little claustrophobic and had the urge to open the top button, but thankfully the shirt fit so well that he would probably get used to it. He gave himself a once over and a stern nod of approval in the mirror. There was just one thing missing.
John had taken off his jacket and rolled up his sleeves and said, without looking, “why don’t you make some tea.” It didn’t sound the least like a suggestion. John was helping. John was being practical. John was giving him something to do. Sherlock was still reeling with a feeling of complete idiocy. He stared a moment longer at Mary, then quickly went to put the kettle on.
A fluttering feeling settled in his stomach that John tried to quickly put down to lack of oxygen. But a tiny part of his mind realized that with anyone else, this could merely be a lifesaving scenario. With Sherlock, it felt incredibly intimate. Despite their dire situation, this made him feel safe beyond logical reason. It was beyond surreal.
territory and he swallowed. He turned to look at Sherlock when he didn’t reply. Sherlock was still frowning at the window in thought.
John wasn’t entirely aware of the journey home. He was simultaneously incredibly intoxicated and walking on air; Sherlock was there, not distant, no, he was right there in his arm, walking down the street, making jokes about everything; they recounted past cases, indulged in the occasional sentimental compliment, berated Scotland Yard, Mycroft, the Queen, and the guy who owned the pizza place that was just closing when they decided they were ravenous. They talked about everything and nothing, and John couldn’t remember a single thing beyond a vague notion of
was now over? Was there some unspoken relationship rule Sherlock hadn’t followed?
“You, of course.” He felt Sherlock go still. “You jumping off that roof before I could reach you. Missing your last phone call. Things like that,” he broke off. No need to go into the rest of it.
Mrs Hudson tutted over him a bit more before she left him alone again. Sherlock lay on the sofa, staring at the ceiling, wondering about John. He finally confronted the possibility that John and Mary may not last after all, and…
He waited like this until he heard heavy boots and shouts on the stairs. Mycroft’s people had finally shown up. John let go of him and they slowly got to their feet. John held on to him until they were both sure they wouldn’t topple over again. Mary crawled out from behind the couch and with a hiss, heaved herself on the cushions and sighed in pain.
, to being a bit softer around the edges, a little more gentle. Sherlock retreated to a far corner of the room, giving her space. He had basically admitted to her that he had felt uneasy, worried and afraid. He’d never admit this much to anyone, usually. And she had reciprocated, told him her biggest fear at the moment. The issue, still unresolved, niggled at him, but there was nothing he could do about it now.
It didn’t take long for the prophesised text to arrive. Sherlock made a delighted sound and jumped up, grabbing the phone. He read it with John looking over his shoulder. Lestrade was brief – and sounded a bit annoyed.
John laughed and Sherlock joined in, his eyes crinkling.
“Thanks,” he said, coughing a little.
“I guess it is,” her voice rang out from the outside, almost careless. Another shot exploded and cracked through the windshield. A loud thud as the bullet embedded into one of the headrests above them. “And for you, too!” Another bullet burst through, ripping a hole in the front seat and thudding I nto the backseat above Mary. John’s free hand found Sherlock’s, both of them sticky with blood, and he gripped tightly.
John looked at her again and pointedly raised an eyebrow. “We are friends, aren’t we?”
“Well, you used to keep dating different women… before,” he brought out. “I can only assume that, eventually, you’re planning to get married and start a family…,”
“Your ankle is hurting you,” Sherlock rasped, his voice pitched low.
. It was more intoxicating than anything he’d drunk that night.
Despite everything, Greg Lestrade simply liked watching the man work. Sherlock was closely reading the file he’d brought, examined the pictures and
Sherlock raised his hand and gently brushed some hair out of John’s face. “To exclude John would do him more harm than good.”
This effectively ended their conversation. Sherlock stubbed out the cigarette and they slowly went back inside. He felt strangely bereft – Mycroft was always the one person he could count on to understand his deliberately antisocial behaviour. He’d always assumed that his brother was equally uninterested in the subject of relationships as he was. Mycroft may have had solidly one-upped him in an area where Sherlock still feared to tread. Had it all been an act? Was Mycroft actually…
Well, so much for dancing together.
Sherlock scoffed. “You took all the notes, didn’t you?”
For a while, they swayed softly to the music. John wanted to keep calm, but his mouth was going dry. He really wanted to lean up to kiss Sherlock, yet something made him hold himself back. There was something off about Sherlock’s behaviour – he seemed wary of John, like he didn’t know how to touch him all of a sudden. John felt the same about Sherlock. He didn’t want to ask too much of him too soon; he didn’t want to damage this fragile thing they had. A bit of a conundrum, that.
“Good to see you, too.” Sherlock grinned back.
“Also, you still haven’t filled me in on everything, don’t think I’ve forgotten.”
John sent Sherlock a look and before he could stop himself, he said, “can’t have been more comfortable than our staircase.” Sherlock’s mouth shut with an audible click and he narrowed his eyes at John, sending him a look that spoke volumes
Sherlock didn’t make any recognition he had heard him, but after a bit of a pause he replied. “I didn’t
Sherlock began to say more, in fact, he had a whole speech of snide comments prepared, but he was cut off immediately by what could only be described as a bear hug. Lestrade rushed at him and wrapped his strong arms around him. He squeezed, making a choked sound in his throat. Sherlock froze at the contact; but then a reluctant smile pulled at his lips. He finally lifted one arm and patted his old friend on the back. When he finally let go, Sherlock decided to refrain from making a comment. He found that it actually was sort of good that someone else had missed him.
“Oh how should I know – his staff probably isn’t up to his usual standards and he severely misjudged the importance of the matter.” Sherlock sounded genuinely annoyed.
and what that entailed between laughter, imagining faces and what people would say. It was a strange mixture of apprehension and giddiness, in the middle of the night in Sherlock’s bed. John was the kind of person who knew he cared a bit too much what other people thought. He knew his admission back at the pool had meant a lot to Sherlock – especially as he, by contrast, cared absolutely nothing about what people thought. John was looking forward to the effect that kissing Sherlock in public would produce.
“Don’t be silly, John,” Richard said. “Just write someone famous that pops into your head.”
“True. I got pretty sick of ‘
“What do you mean, eventually?!”
He let out a low huff. And then took a deep breath. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him and knew he had his full attention. His head swam a little as he focussed on the dancing fire. His head ached a little, but everything was thankfully somewhat dulled by painkillers. John felt drowsy from the food and the warmth.
“Ooh, it’s your brother isn’t it? You get a certain look around the eyes,” Mary added by way of explanation. She grinned and got up. “I’ll get it. I imagine he’d like a chat.”
, really?” Sherlock looked up from under his deliriously long lashes and gave him a small, amused smile. “That’s nothing. I haven’t even mentioned dear cousin
“Not always unimportant, though?” Mary smiled.
John rummaged through his clothes and found his small set of lockpicks at the very bottom of an inside pocket. A gift from Sherlock, after John had complained about their frequent breaking and entering; Sherlock had always had his own set, but then, he had told him with glee, he could now send John to break into somewhere else at the same time, and wasn’t that a win-win for both of them? John had grumbled that it was definitely a lose-lose for law and order and Sherlock had laughed.
Sherlock stopped and looked at him with an unreadable expression. “Isn’t that usually the case?” he asked.
“Yeah,” John nodded, feeling that tear escape his eye and he gripped her hand tightly. “Now quiet. Help will be here soon. And you’ll make it home just so you can cash in an unlimited amount of favours for saving our arses, all right? Just keep still and—and—we’ll get you out as soon as Mycroft gets here.” He saw her eyes droop closed. “Oh no. Please stay with me, Mary. And then you can make fun of me for it forever, okay? Yes?” He managed to get a pained smile from her, but her eyes remained closed.
John stared at him for a moment, an incredulous smile frozen on his face. Sherlock bristled a little – after all, he had just made some considerable headway in the ‘personal conversation’ department. The least John could do was appreciate it.
“Nice to meet you, Dr Watson,” Ricardo murmured whilst rearranging the glasses on his tray. “Is there anything else I can get you, sirs?” he added.
you ask me this? We’re looking for evidence, John. And if she’s home, we’re perfectly situated to arrest her.” With that, he turned around and strode on towards the house. John could only follow – after all, they’d come this far.
!” Frederick was leading them to a staircase behind an open door, leading down into the cellar. “Then she got a-a message and suddenly, everything went wrong. She’s down here,” he explained, and tears threatened to spill again. “And she said she had to kill herself,” he began breaking up and John put an arm around him.
Sherlock stilled his hands. “Mary,” he choked out, “check Mary, she’s— she took the bullet—I—I was supposed to—“
John returned his gaze, eyes suddenly serious and thoughtful. Seeing John’s open look, Sherlock regretted drawing back like this, but he was afraid. Why did he have to talk about these things on a dance floor in front of hundreds of people, and
Sherlock grinned. He loved that quiet assurance in John, that confidence that had briefly vanished after their shower together. He was glad to see it again, glad that he hadn’t ruined it before it even started. He thought about how sex had seemed so
This was such a mess. He was angry; but at the same time a fierce happiness was spreading in his chest. Sherlock gave him a small smile and John closed his eyes again quickly. Sherlock had changed. He suddenly smiled at him
The voice on the other end was frantic. “
John gestured around. “I think we have time to kill,” he said and grinned. Sherlock smiled back indulgently, the way he only ever smiled at John, and obliged his curiosity.
Faint tendrils of horror crept up through Sherlock’s chest and gripped his heart. Involuntarily, his arm tightened around John and his hand splayed on John’s back, pulling him close. John made a soft noise and his hand slid further up Sherlock’s chest. The warmth was soothing, but not enough to combat the developing minor panic attack.
John’s fingers brushed gently over the well-used tool when suddenly, Mary grabbed his arm.
John let out an annoyed laugh. “Wow. Usually if you want to know what goes on in people’s bedrooms, you just go and find out without asking. In fact, I’m pretty sure you already know we’re not.” Mycroft was severely getting on his nerves. John wondered why he had even deigned to tell him.
—Mary. Where—where is he.” His eyes darted around, but Sherlock had, without thinking about it, stepped back behind the corner that led to the bathroom. His heart hammered in his chest. Why was this so hard?
“But seriously, though,” John said. “Are you and Mycroft using me – or Mary – as bait? Because I’d like to at least be in the know when that’s the case.”
, I don’t think.”
John grinned. “Merry Christmas, Sherlock.”
to tears.”
“I’m afraid so. Please don’t make me repeat myself.”
Sherlock looked up and gave him a quizzical look. John smiled and tentatively held out his hand. “I promised I’d dance with you again,” he said very quietly. “Is now a good time?”
“I didn’t go, and by then Moriarty’s snipers had moved. Someone was aiming at me instead.” Sherlock left it at that.
He hopped off the bed, opened the door with his elbow and walked into the corridor. The hospital was darkened, it was late, and he saw nobody around. A little down the hall, Sherlock found a small medical cart. Still grasping his arm with his hand, he tried to rummage through the things on the cart to find a plaster or something.
As he stepped back into the room, his eyes fell on John’s sleeping form and his previous strange, irritated annoyance returned. He noticed with surprise that sitting beside John, watching him sleep and holding his hand, seemed to exert almost the same pull on him as that unopened case file on the table. Almost.
Sherlock blinked. Finally, he took one. It was mostly crumbs now, falling apart in his hand. “Thank you.”
He should really get up, let John have the couch, and forget all about the messy feelings that were threatening his sanity.
“Just an experiment,” Sherlock said, now exploring John’s cheekbones, eyebrows and fringe.
Time for the showdown.
An expression between a smirk and a scowl settled on Sherlock’s face.
John ran a hand through his hair, trying to fight another sudden onslaught of butterflies. “Yes, I’m fine, I’m okay, of course, why?”
Greg raised an eyebrow and cocked his head. “Well, I was right though, wasn’t I? Come on, gimme that much.”
“Oh God,
“Well, um,” Mary suddenly broke the ongoing silence and startled John back into consciousness. She glanced at them a little sheepishly. “I think I’ve had enough. Good night boys,” she said gently and wrapped the blanket a little closer to take it with her. She nodded at John and then left. Her footsteps slowly faded as she went up the stairs and along the upstairs corridor. The only sound now was Mycroft’s quiet breathing and the crackling of the remaining embers in the fireplace.
and not
They made their way across the foyer when someone brought over another case file for Lestrade, and he briefly motioned Sherlock aside. “Oh, good. A word?” Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically and went with him, leaving John alone with Donovan to wait for them.
“Searching for cross-referencing keywords in the communication logs of MI5,” Sherlock nodded at his own laptop. “And some more research on my experiment. Did you know that when you remove someone’s gall bladder, they can no longer—“
They stood for a while in silence. “It’s Christmas soon,” John observed.
“That, John, is indeed the question.”
He saw Sherlock grit his teeth and clench his jaw. “Obviously,” he sneered.
“GO AWAY,” she shrieked, sounding completely panicked.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock heard himself say, quietly. “We’re out of sight.” He swallowed.
Mycroft took this in stride. “If I have to,” he said with an amused air. “Now, I believe we were promised tea.” He beckoned Mary to follow as he turned to go to the kitchen. And just as their voices became quieter in the corridor, Sherlock heard him add, “you know when he was little, he actually loved the sword,” and Mary giggled in response.
"Yes. Well. I'm worried, to be honest." Mycroft thought he'd raise the topic slowly to see how Sherlock would react.
Sherlock’s thoughts stuttered to a halt when he felt a hand at his side and slowly sliding round to his back.
“Obviously,” John intoned very seriously. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him and glared until John chuckled again. It was such a pleasing sound that he decided to not pursue the teasing about the nurse any further. He let himself relax a little and laughed. It was really good to have John back.
Sherlock breathed and let his hand drop. “I—um. Just don’t become cynical, John, it’s bad enough if one person in this—“ he caught himself just before the word
She moved closer as well. Even if she wasn’t a good shot, she’d certainly hit him from this distance.  Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw a flicker of movement. Mary was tensing up, preparing herself.
John looked after Sherlock and he couldn’t help his face softening a little as he contemplated the strange, sudden bursts of influence he had over him, even after all these months of separation. Greg came a little closer and studied his face a moment. “How are you holding up?”
and his entire body so…
him not to do something ever works; and we clearly haven’t got time for our usual ways,” he said dejectedly.
“Good,” John said. He felt secure knowing that he really trusted Sherlock’s take on the situation, even blindly. Additionally, if Mary needed their help, she knew she basically had a soldier and a detective on call. She would have asked. “Then it’s still her secret to tell,” he said, ignoring his burning curiosity.
…it must have been a car out front.
In two strides, Sherlock was by his side and took a sharp breath through his nose. Then, he pulled a small evidence bag from his jacket and, his hands still covered in his usual black gloves, gingerly pulled out the large USB stick from the laptop. The letters A.G.R.A. were scrawled in black marker on the back. Sherlock looked up, their eyes met and John’s words stopped in his throat. It had been a long time since he’d last seen Sherlock so worried and conflicted. It made absolutely no sense to John.
John sat down on the bed and looked at the book on the bedside table. A regular, unassuming novel. He flicked through, trying to see if there was something hidden inside it, when Sherlock’s voice floated in from the bathroom.
“About Mary…,” John began slowly, and he saw that he immediately had Sherlock’s attention by something snapping into focus in his eyes.
Sherlock frowned, unsure.
“But as it was you, let me simply say: be happy, for once, but... do take care. With him at least.”
“Ooh, what about that one?”
, would he understand?
John sighed. “What do you think?” he asked pointedly, raising an eyebrow.
“—worry about someone,” Sherlock finished.
“Then of course there’s the fact that I can’t compete with Sherlock Holmes,” Mary suddenly said, sounding a little dejected, her humour abated.
For a moment, their eyes were locked and John thought that Sherlock never let him come to his own deductions when he’d already arrived at them first, and he was convinced Sherlock must have a reason for that, because he never did anything unless he had a
“Thank you,” Father said, when they were done collecting. “Have fun.”
John’s smile turned serious. “Of course,” he said. Sherlock was immensely relieved that he was so quick on the uptake. They had to get on with the case, after all.
He had been sure that something was going on with him; and he had finally spent some time last night going over everything that had accumulated in his mind palace. John’s grief. John’s heartfelt confessions about his death. John’s nightmares. John keeping his memory alive. John blushing. John smiling at him. John crying.
. He’d dreamed of this. But that was nothing compared to the real thing.
It may have been hours later when Mrs Hudson finally found him. She walked through the front door and hesitated only a moment. She took John upstairs, put away his groceries and made him some tea. It all passed in a bit of a blurry haze, and John was sure that he was meant to make polite conversation or at least thank her properly, but he was completely spent. She left at some point, and he just lay on the couch, his legs propped up and covered with a blanket, his tea growing on the sofa table. He stared at the ceiling and thought of nothing.
, Sherlock remembered with a jolt. That Tuesday night had been only hours after John and Mary had apparently called it quits. He tried to remember what he could about John’s demeanour that night; it was baffling that he hadn’t immediately deduced what had happened. Just like he should have known, last night, that John was not going upstairs to sleep with Mary. Sherlock was still frowning. He was usually more perceptive than was good for him; and
To begin with, he’d told her a rudimentary, edited version of what happened, but then he had quickly descended into contradictions. Finally, he’d decided to tell her the truth instead. When he finished, there was silence. He felt relieved at having told someone. Sometimes the things he saw and did with Sherlock were too weird, and it helped to get an outside, a normal, perspective.
... it was doing things to Sherlock that he’d never admit to anybody. And it messed with his head. Unacceptable.
He rubbed his hand over his face and sat up. It was still dark outside, the room glaringly lit by the ceiling lamp. Sherlock realized these weren’t exactly perfect sleeping conditions for his friend and he folded himself out of his chair. His back ached, bloody plastic hospital chairs. He crossed to the wall and flipped the light switch. Immediately, the room was bathed in an orange glow from street lamps and hospital equipment around John’s bed.
Sherlock took his coat off and hung it on a peg inside the shed. Without further need to talk, they began stacking pieces of wood in an old wicker basket. Sherlock regarded his father, with his heavy knitted jumper and that
John had been contemplating Mycroft’s little speech. He’d tried, hadn’t he? After he’d gone downstairs for tea, he’d spotted Sherlock doing some wood chopping in the garden.
John grinned. “Really?”
Finally, Sherlock returned to the sitting room and stood in front of John. His eyes flashed and he bore a triumphant grin. “We’ve got something,” he declared, before he sat down, steepling his fingers in front of his chin.
“Are you sure?” John asked.
“Hey,” John murmured, sounding as if he couldn’t quite believe this was real. Sherlock knew the feeling well by now. “Thought I’d lost you again— “ his voice broke.
A bemused expression crossed Mycroft’s face, but he remained quiet. After a few moments, he evidently decided that Sherlock wasn’t going to say anything else, wished him a good night and went to bed. Sherlock remained sitting on the sofa for a long while, staring at the laptop.
John laughed. “Couldn’t have said it better myself.” He leaned against the railing and sighed. Perhaps it would have been better to just ring in the New Year, alone, in Sherlock’s bed instead. At the same time he hadn’t enjoyed himself quite so much in months. He found himself momentarily distracted by Sherlock’s proximity and smiled at him perhaps a little idiotically.
Helen cried louder. “They killed her, but she couldn’t have even told anyone anything! And I can’t—I don’t—“ she broke off, weeping louder.
Mary piped in, sounding thoughtful. “So… the whole mess was not a plan to get my team killed – it was about shutting the ambassador up?”
Feeling like he had some thoughts to work out himself, John decided to go for a walk, otherwise he was afraid he’d simply run back into the living room and throw himself at the madman he loved,
John huffed a laugh. “Kindred spirit indeed. You’re brilliant.”
The discussion went on for some time; evidence was looked at, files scanned. There was a moment when John felt that everything had gone back to normal, but then he and Sherlock were stooping over a folder together, talking through the facts and John got the feeling he was being watched and led along. He noticed Sherlock smiling at him in that seductive coaxing manner that dared John to give this one a go.
The second she was out of the door, John sat up abruptly from his nicely fluffed pillows and turned to Sherlock. “What was that?” he asked, sounding amused.
John grinned, and let out a relieved chuckle, his eyes crinkling. Sherlock felt a warm jolt go through his stomach. He couldn’t stop looking at John, his dark blue eyes and his features cast in an otherworldly light in the dark swimming pool. The reflecting light from the water was chasing patterns across his face. What was going on behind those strange eyes? Certainly more than most people would guess from John Watson’s unassuming manner. He often felt as if he said one thing and then his face said something completely different.
He took in John’s appearance from top to bottom in a few seconds. He had recently eaten at a pub. One pint. Judging by his attitude, he seemed to have had a good time, and knowing John, probably more fun at the pub than at the gallery. He still hadn’t gone home with Mary. Also, he still hadn’t slept with Mary in general; Sherlock was pretty sure about that. The thought spurred on the slight hope he had allowed himself since earlier, even though he was completely oblivious as to why John having or not having sex with anyone should have that effect on him. The thought of John having sex at all suddenly made him feel a bit of a lurch in his stomach, as if the floor beneath him had given way. He realised he was staring.
“Boring.”
Sherlock stood and walked into the hall. He silently ascended the stairs and went to his (
“Someone’s upstairs,” Sherlock murmured and gently extricated his hand from John’s. He stepped away towards the stairs, his eyes taking in every detail. There was a drop of blood on the second step. A faint scent of perfume lingered in the air. He knew then there was only one person it could be. Something cold tingled down his spine.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock made an impatient noise.
Mary smiled and kissed him chastely on the forehead. “If you say so.” She got up and grabbed her coat. “If you need to get away a bit, I’m available. Other than that… good luck.” She gave John a wry smile before she called a quick ‘good bye’ into the bedroom and left Baker Street.
John cut her off. “We can help. And we will.”
He picked up the phone. “Heeey, Sarah,” he winced.
Soft Jazz was wafting through the living room, accompanied by the crackling embers of the fire. John forced himself to wait a minute longer, listening to everyone moving about upstairs. Then, he finally stood up and walked over to Sherlock.
“Perfectly,” Sherlock said curtly. He didn’t really want to discuss John. He had a feeling Mycroft had seen or guessed too much already and had way too many things to say on the subject. He didn’t respond, but Sherlock thought he could hear him grin on the other side of the call.
He looked up and was relieved to see Sherlock give him a small nod. He couldn’t help the fond smile that curled on his lips, his anger at Mary forgotten.
The long stretch of neatly clipped grass contained small areas of bushes and flower beds, all bare and neatly tied up for the winter. It was probably quite nicely kept during the summer. Bordering the lawn was a gravel path that led to a small cottage. As far as John could make out in the bit of moonlight, it had a bench by the front door, a wind chime, even an honest-to-god garden gnome, happily brandishing a watering can. There was a bird house and a bird bath, and a Christmas ornament decorated the quaint front door.
“True.” Sherlock grinned. “Come on; let’s test the creativity of the barkeep.”
John let out a long breath and focussed his eyes momentarily past Sherlock, sweeping the docks. “I don’t think there’s anyone there yet,” he whispered and leaned back. Sherlock looked around as well and concurred with a quiet hum. He also noticed that John’s arm was once again pressed up to him, and this time he felt curiously uninclined to do anything about it.
“Sherlock,” he said quietly.
-	Hampshire
The ringing stopped and a woman answered the phone. Mycroft plastered the fakest of happy smiles on his face. “Hello, Mummy.”
. I can’t take responsibility for things that happen, if you...” He broke off again. He couldn’t say it.
“No,” he said. He stepped over to Sherlock where he was trying to quickly fold his shirts into some semblance of order. On a whim, John raised his hand and placed it on the small of Sherlock’s back. The touch was deliberate; not on the shoulders, because that might be construed as just a casual gesture of friendship. He wanted to make sure Sherlock knew that this was something different. He felt Sherlock stiffen immediately and John was pretty sure he was holding his breath.
Suddenly it sounded incredibly cheesy and embarrassing to say that out loud. Yet Sherlock looked, for lack of a better word,
Sherlock looked up at the nearest camera. “Probably. But seeing as Mycroft is the one who’ll be watching them – and only if this is even detected as a break-in – we’ll be okay.”
Sherlock grimaced. “My parents… well.”
John winced, expecting to fall. His heart was hammering in his chest.
; and then his hormones (or whatever was responsible for this sudden shift) immediately betrayed him. He wanted to kick himself when he remembered how his eyes had involuntarily raked over his friend’s body.
“Good,” she said, and patted his leg again before grabbing another biscuit.
Greg merely stared at him, but John finally cracked and was lost in a fit of laughter.
“Yes. You can release her husband. He loved his wife, but he’s having an affair with his fitness instructor, mostly instigated by her I’m sure, and he feels incredibly guilty about it. The tears here and here,” Sherlock pointed to a few miniscule pixels on two of the photos, “indicate that she didn’t die on the doorstep, but that she fell down the stairs. She had a weak knee from an operation (he pointed to a faint scar), as her husband well knows, hence the guilt. The woman’s general build suggests that they used to do physical exercise together, but haven’t done so since her operation. He probably feels like inadvertently, he is responsible for her death; a silly human sentiment that only drew more suspicion on him. Look through the cellar or garage to find something that is usually found in use in the house. Perhaps he left something lying around that tripped her up, a cable or something.” Sherlock took a breath.
“No, I mean you’re enjoying
“Yes.”
“Uh. I suppose,” John said giving Sherlock a slightly incredulous look. “We’re talking about Mary now?”
His words were cut off by Lestrade sputtering and coughing as he choked violently on his drink.
?” She kept the sentence unfinished, but John knew what she was saying. Something was definitely
, the thought suddenly,
For a moment there was no response. Then, the bedroom door opened and Sherlock walked out. Or rather,
“The hostage is safe, Margaret, you lost your bargaining chip,” he called out across the boat. His eyes quickly jumped to Sherlock again, who nodded emphatically. John muttered “we should invest in sign language classes.”
The next morning, Sherlock awoke early. He took in the sensations surrounding him. His skin was naked under the covers, feeling a little sticky and messy, but generally more relaxed than he had been in
“Well, um. Yes, it’s become a bit of a habit,” John said. “Trying to think like you.”
Sherlock stopped, his mouth hovering over John’s mouth, his eyes glazed over feverishly. John had no idea what he could say. All he knew was that he wanted this man way too much, too quickly, and he couldn’t process it at all.
Mycroft nodded. “We suspected there was a mole for some time, but after that, the trail went cold. We assumed that A.G.R.A simply failed the mission. We never hired freelancers again,” he added wryly.
Molly seemed to want to say something but caught herself. “You missed him a lot,” she finally said.
“Oh, he’s doing it again,” John remarked as Anderson leaned forward with a suggestive look in his eyes.
Sherlock nodded again, looking, as he had said, quite puzzled, a deep frown on his forehead.
,” Sherlock observed. “On the contrary.” He finally glanced over again, quirking an eyebrow.
, you both ended up
Sherlock tugged on his jacket. He gestured towards the huddle of police officers and John spotted Greg Lestrade, who was making gestures for them to try and come over. Several shots rang out and they ducked their heads. Police were shouting for the thieves to drop their weapons. Suddenly Margaret’s voice rang out. “Leave the ship or the hostage gets it! Leave now!”
John was the one who went on midnight chases with a madman, got himself shot and kissed said madman after punching someone in the face to protect him. This John suddenly found himself having sex with the most gorgeous person he’d ever met and his normal way of doing things became completely inadequate to deal with it; yes, this John was certainly more than a little out of his depth.
belongings upstairs as well, and the thought of John doing any kind of servile job like this for his brother was bothersome to say the least.
They both looked away and Sherlock quickly suggested following the crowd in to dinner before either of them felt the need to say anything else. It wasn’t until later that he realised that they had just been addressed as a couple again, and neither of them had denied it.
He finally sent Sherlock and John to another SUV with instructions to take them to Plymouth hospital as well, where they could all reconvene. Finally, he pulled out his phone and made a call. It only rang once before he got an answer.
“Y-you look like a cat that got—got stuck in the rain!” John gasped between fits of laughter.
Suddenly, Mrs Hudson burst out from the kitchen door and spotted their intimate embrace. “Oh!” she exclaimed before they could do anything about it, and “oh!” she cried again before she enveloped them both in a motherly hug. She had tears in her eyes as she pulled away. “I can’t tell you how happy I am, boys,” she gushed, sounding a little tipsy herself.
“You realize of course that your... association,” he raised a suggestive eyebrow, “will always put Doctor Watson in danger of some form or other.”
Sherlock finally looked around. “But you don’t want me to be wrong?”
“Surveillance?” was all Greg managed. He felt as if he was being told something that would inevitably end with the words, ‘and now that you know, I’ll have to kill you’.
Sherlock scoffed. “As usual, John, you see but you do not observe.”
As soon as the car stopped, Sherlock was out of the door. He didn’t wait for Mycroft, knowing his brother would probably prefer to sort things from a distance. Sherlock dashed around the entry to the small, dark alley where John and Mary had been last seen according to the security footage. He briefly examined the bullet that had embedded itself into the wall. Sniper rifle. He spotted a fading footprint on the damp pavement; not John’s, too large for Mary, so one of their pursuers must have followed them, and not too long ago. He dashed into the alley, following the signs. A fire door stood ajar.
, he realised. He usually wasn’t ashamed to act inappropriately if it benefited the case. But this was different. Personal. He had accused her of lying and made a complete arse of himself and what did she do? She saved his life.
Suddenly, he blinked and sucked in a sharp rush of air. He had wriggled his legs and arms because there
’, which she pointedly ignored. He dug into his briefcase and brought out a file. “Whilst I do enjoy the game of cat and mouse the two of us have going, I think on this one we ought to combine our efforts. Share our resources, such as they are.”
Before he could say any more, Sherlock had opened the cab door and stepped outside in one fluid movement. He held out his hands immediately, shouting over the voices. “Ladies, gentlemen, please! A moment,” he commanded, and they actually quieted down. John shifted over on the seat, getting ready to leave the car, but he also wanted to know what Sherlock was doing first.
“Good.”
A very becoming blush crept up on John’s cheeks. Sherlock was about to comment on it when his mobile rang. John’s eyes flickered to the desk. Sherlock ignored it and continued to stare at John, who raised an eyebrow in question. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, blocked out the sound of the mobile, and focussed on the colours in John’s eyes instead. His right hand was still resting intimately over John’s hipbone, and he began moving his thumb over the soft skin there again. He felt John react ever so slightly, a small tremor that went through his entire body and sent chills of anticipation through Sherlock. John blinked quickly and his lips parted like he wanted to say something, but then he pressed them together sharply, searching Sherlock’s face. Thinking, hard. He could almost hear him.
It was late, and John was getting drunk. Neither he, nor Lestrade, nor Sherlock, surprisingly, were pushovers; but Greg had apparently made it his mission to get everyone absolutely hammered tonight.
As he slept, he dreamed. He didn’t often; his theory was that he worked out most of his subconscious issues in his mind palace, one at a time, and then laid them to rest so they couldn’t bother or distract him in his work. However, tonight, he dreamt of John.
They walked back to the house and only when they parted at the door did Sherlock realise that John had kept hold of his hand the entire way.
How meeting ‘Richard Brook’ convinced him that he had to complete the strange succession of fairy tales. That Moriarty was just mad enough that it could work if Sherlock pretended to play along. Moriarty killing himself, the snipers, everything – how Sherlock thought he had him, but he had to complete the plan to protect John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson.
Before he could question his own motives, Sherlock found that he was on his knees, leaning over John and running a hand through his hair. His other hand had inexplicably wandered under the hem of John’s shirt, tentatively brushing the soft skin of his side, Sherlock’s wrist just barely brushing one teasingly protruding hipbone.
The sound of footsteps returned.
After this, the whole day was nothing but a trial. He tried working on locating Norbury’s house, he reviewed some files for Mycroft, but it was tedious work. What was less tedious, all of a sudden, was watching John helping Mummy bake cookies. He had his sleeves rolled up, his strong, capable hands covered in flour, kneading the dough. The images that sprang unbidden to Sherlock’s mind at that were decidedly not kitchen-appropriate, yet he couldn’t look away. John caught his look a few times with a hopeful spark in his eyes, and perhaps that was why he volunteered to be in charge of the next two doughs as well. John was too observant, Sherlock decided, allowing a smile.
…? Sherlock let his eyes roam, catching the red glow. From the angle he was standing at to the open door, the man had to be in the sitting room; probably in the alcove that led to the kitchen. While they’d been arguing, he’d just casually strolled in and lined up his weapon. Marvellous. Sherlock felt like he wanted to strangle himself. Well, maybe after tonight, he wouldn’t have to.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” he teased. Sherlock’s eyebrows rose even further and he looked pleasantly amused.
John smiled. “Yes, but you love explaining your deductions to me. So come on, genius, dazzle me.” John crossed his arms, steadfastly looking at Sherlock, willing him to look around.
A few hours later, John was sitting on the bottom steps of the stairs, looking down the corridor and out the back door that led to a small slip of garden. Grey, dull light filtered in through the rain-covered door. He’d been standing by one of the second floor windows, looking out at the neighbourhood; unfortunately, one of Mycroft’s watchers had spotted him and ushered him back to a safer spot.
Sherlock stared at him, his lips slightly parted. His wide eyes suddenly began blinking rapidly. And then, with one deep breath, he pulled back a little; his brow was furrowed and John was shocked to see his eyes go a little misty. The next thing John knew was that he magnificently tripped over his own feet and had to hold on to the bannister to stay upright. As he wavered backwards, Sherlock’s hand shot out and grabbed onto his arm to stop him from falling. The sudden movement seemed to kick-start Sherlock back into reality.
John was impossibly close. ”You always were a bit possessive, weren’t you?”
“Um,” John hesitated, glancing at his buttoned up shirt, then at Sherlock’s. He had dark shining studs inserted in his buttonholes. John began opening his shirt buttons a little self-consciously. “You’re probably going to have to redo your bow-tie,” Sherlock said quietly. He was standing a bit closer than usual, his hands lifted half way, ready to help.
. It was just… Sherlock.
“Nah, he’s not the type,” Sherlock proclaimed, glaring at a few pages of bills. “Not with this kind of taste.” He didn’t elaborate and placed the page swiftly on the pile John suspected to be for the shredder. John huffed a laugh, earning another glower from Mycroft.
“Wrong? Besides the coup?”
Despite his hasty retreat, Sherlock actually kept his word. He steered his steps towards the kitchen, where his father was stacking some of the wood in the corner by the oven. It gave the room a warm, comfortable smell. Sherlock went to the fridge and grabbed the plate with Mummy’s pork pies from the day before. He quickly finished one of them off and grabbed another, when he heard his father chuckle.
“Wow,” John chuckled, meeting his gaze. “You wouldn’t believe how many Johns, Jacks and Davids we have in our family.”
Still whispering, John asked, “have you never… had that as a teenager?”
“If I had a problem with this sort of thing, I wouldn’t be here and you know it, you entitled bastard.” John grinned at Sherlock, whose lips twitched into a smile again.
“That’s me,” John said, looking down. “I talk to people and I walk inefficiently.” John laughed a little ruefully, and Sherlock heard a new note in there that sounded somewhat sad. He didn’t want John to be sad; why would he be sad?
The alternative was to let it be. Let John get over his attachment; let them go back to their previous status quo. Then things might not be as fulfilling in certain respects, but their friendship would be safe from harm.
He’d never admit it to Sherlock, but their close friendship had, as he’d hoped, been the making of his brother. Of course, he  was still unpleasant, rude and impossible to work with. Still a pig-headed fool, but a fool with a friend.
John breathed once, twice. “No, it’s… I’m just—“ he waved a hand at the shouting throng of people.
“All right, I can see I am outnumbered,” he finally conceded. “However, you said nothing about hastening any positive developments I may have observed.”
“John? John!” Sherlock’s grip on his arm increased and sent a stab of pain into him, tethering him to consciousness. “Wake up. Stay here. Remember the drinks? You can have all the drinks! John!”
. They never
“Well, she is with Scotland Yard,” John mused.
Mycroft was at the door. “Oh, and if I may say so: good choice, little brother. Good choice. Give Doctor Watson my regards.”
“—insurance fraud.” They both finished together, and a slow, grin spread over Sherlock’s face, the kind of private smile that John fancied only he saw, and very rarely.
Sherlock let the warmth in his chest spread and gently laid his head against John’s, trying to commit as much of this moment as possible to memory.
Sherlock glanced over, surprised. “I respected her composure,” he allowed.
“I see. Are you trying to find out how long you can stare me down before I throw you off the bed?”
, when in fact they were
“For what happened at the pool,” John said quietly, looking over at him.
He leaned back and looked at Sherlock. His eyes looked conflicted, his lips tightly pressed together. Then he looked away. “Is there really a need to discuss this?” Sherlock deflected.
“I don’t want to be in a bloody relationship. I want my brain back,” he snapped. Let alone the fact that nobody had asked John yet.
, not Mary, remember?” He flushed when he realised what he’d said. “I mean…” He stalled. His words came out all garbled. That wasn’t what he’d wanted to say at all, but his lips seemed to no longer obey him. He frowned, tried to sort out his thoughts, but then…
It was the pleading that did it. John swallowed as a heavy pain settled around his heart. Suddenly, he understood. Sherlock was completely wrong, he was sure of it. But he didn’t see it, because he was jealous and traumatized by all he had experienced at the hand of Moran’s people. He was afraid. And frightened people generally made
“Wow,” Sarah managed after a while. John looked up. “Yeah.”
(when there was a perfectly good bed right here), was humbling, to say the least. John had always thought Sherlock despised touch, seeing as hugging him had always been a challenge. Perhaps it was simply something he wasn’t good at but needed nonetheless. Yes, John felt definitely flattered.
and hated to get dirty). It was only them, for crying out loud. In the near-dark, on a rooftop, probably for several hours.
Once he got up with his dignity more or less intact, he raised his chin and schooled his features into a calm, neutral expression. He stepped into the kitchen, made a point of not looking at Mary and went straight for the kettle. The room smelled of coffee, shower gel and faint traces of laundered shirt. As the kettle began bubbling away, Sherlock grabbed a mug and a teabag, risking a glance in the direction of his unwelcome guest.
“Sergeant Donovan,” John muttered darkly.
They made their way over to a small empty table. In this corner of the pub, some 20 odd members of NSY were assembled around tables and on benches; John scanned the crowd and was relieved to see that Anderson and Sally were both busy chatting and holding pints, ignoring the newcomers for once.
“Oh, none of that, please,” Norbury tutted. She waved her pistol in John’s direction, and he promptly let go again. “I read the blog, so of course I wondered,” she smirked darkly. Sherlock felt his skin crawl when her nasally voice took on a hard edge. “But if you were planning a romantic Christmas together, you really shouldn’t have come here.”
Mary was curled up with a glass of wine on the other armchair, a blanket draped over her legs. She looked like a comfortable cat, John thought with a smile; a cat who was very pleased at having at least gotten them all this far. It was interesting to see how she behaved, John thought. Because now that he knew about her past, he was beginning to understand the little incongruities. She held herself differently than the Mary he knew from the clinic; her movements were less studied and poised and more sharp and controlled. Her laughter now was less frilly than it had been; it was a lot more genuine now.
Mary flinched back a step, and Sherlock saw what she was going to do the second before she did. Norbury’s eyes flickered downward to fumble with her pocket.
, we heard your mother say that you hadn’t died
Exasperation gathered from deep in his childhood bubbled through him as he mocked his brother’s voice. "
Finally, they rounded a corner and came upon the dark front door of 221B Baker Street. They stood in front of it for a moment. It loomed in the darkness, like a full stop to the end of their ambling walk. It felt like a prompt to the next chapter of this evening.
“Oh G—
John shook his head. “Sorry. Uh.” He laughed, self-conscious, silent lips trying to form his next words, finally settling on “I… uh, yes, I guess I can—see that?”
“So this is it, then? We just wait to be picked up in a few hours?”
Sherlock was silent for a moment, still staring at John. Then he mouthed a quiet “Oh,” and seemed to rally a little. He quickly mumbled a “sorry to have disturbed you, then,” and turned on his heel; unfortunately he was downstairs again before John could tell him how much Sherlock could disturb him any time if he wanted.
John smiled again, still trying for normalcy, and they sat and drank tea and let Frederick Rodney talk them through the case. His girlfriend (and from what it sounded like, soon-to-be-fiancée if Freddy had anything to say about it) Helen was missing. He had reported it to the police when she didn’t show up for a date two days earlier and hadn’t taken his calls or answered the door when he went to her flat. The police had naturally assumed
He raised his head a fraction and glanced up. There was silence around them in the hall, but he could hear something - someone - moving upstairs. John noticed his changed demeanour and frowned. His eyes darted up as well. “What?” He whispered, his breath a soft exhale against Sherlock’s chin.
Sherlock could be heard grumbling something about not being a servant in his own house, Mummy was scolding and laughing and John heard them both go upstairs. He smiled, breathing in the homely atmosphere. He turned to look around the kitchen and found a tall, white-haired man standing by the window, peering out through flowery curtains. He was wearing a comfy knit cardigan and held what were probably reading glasses suspended in one hand.
Later, John was never able to recall how they managed it. He draped one of Sherlock’s arms over his shoulder, and Mrs Hudson held on to the other one, walking backwards up the stairs. She dragged and John heaved, and Sherlock at least kept his legs steady and didn’t impede their progress too much. They reached the landing, and as soon as they stood, Mrs Hudson scurried around Sherlock’s other side and helped to carry him.
“A romantic dinner somewhere,” he said.
Sherlock glanced back at the van; both wheels on this side had been shot, so Mary would be… “Other side of the house. Quickly,” he didn’t wait for John to respond, he just ran and pushed him along. There was too much open ground and every second counted. In the stillness of the fog, he heard footsteps following them.
, John thought, glancing at the pile of debris that Sherlock had dumped on his own bed. “So you’re just… going to sit there?”
It was distracting and a terrible waste of time and at the same time, strangely warm.
John grinned. “Are you kidding me? Of course I am.” He was glad to see Sherlock relax at that. “But what do you mean, ‘there might be’? Usually, you get the text and you’re out the door five minutes later.” Sherlock’s lip quirked a little when John said
“Sherlock,” John called after him, but he had scanned the crowd like a bird of prey and taken after his quarry before anyone could react. Lestrade came up to John, asking, “what the bloody—“ and John simply pressed the soaked coffee cup into his hands, saying “get this analysed!”. He took one quick look at Sally, who seemed fine, if alarmed, and ran after Sherlock. There was shouting and scuffling behind him, but he narrowed his perception to not lose sight of Sherlock and mentally prepared himself for the extended running, as he usually did when this kind of thing happened.
“Uh,” Greg stammered, sweating a little. He wasn’t sure what was worse, letting Sherlock have unauthorized access to confidential files, or putting them in the way of a man who seemed like he could make Greg disappear on short notice if he felt like it. “I was just... taking these back,” he said lamely, and backed off into the corridor. “Nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes,” he added and walked swiftly back to his car.
Sherlock stepped over wordlessly to Mrs Hudson, crouched, and gave her a tight hug. He took a deep breath. All his family was in one piece.
Finally, the blankets moved as Sherlock crawled back next to him. He rolled over on his side. “John?” his voice was muffled by the pillow, his eyes were already closed.
. All John could do, as usual, was follow his lead.
John frowned as he settled in his armchair. “You know, I haven’t really bothered to ask, what with the concussion and all… Do they know who was after me?”
“He might have kidnapped him after the incident, yes. We do not know for sure, of course, but it is possible that he is using your former team mate to help him pick off his targets now.”
John gave her a lopsided grin.
“You glared at me as if you were going to... I don’t know, maul her.”
They turned their backs and walked on, whilst Sherlock was suddenly rooted to the spot. Something about that gesture, about the way he said it… something had shocked and rattled him and made him feel that ominous fondness again, but why…? His thoughts raced through their words again.
He went over the facts again, trying to sort out his thoughts in the waking-up haze. His choices had been either to push John away or to go all in, and that choice had now been made, whether he liked it or not. Theoretically, of course, he could pretend nothing happened – but that would likely break John’s heart. He mentally brushed the option aside (
me at all.”
Finally, after fidgeting a while, Mary suddenly jumped up, startling John out of his reverie. She rolled his eyes at him. “Drink?” she asked loudly, before striding with purpose to the small cabinet on the other side of the room. She paused by Margaret’s chair and smiled tentatively. “Care for a drink, Mrs Holmes?”
Mummy twinkled at him. “When you said he was a writer I thought you might have forgotten his actual profession,” she quipped.
“I swear I will be a perfect gentleman,” John smirked, hanging up some decorations on their newly glazed windows.
“Yes,” Sherlock said and thought for a moment. “I understand.” He sounded serious.
“It’s done,” Lestrade announced. John looked up to see him waving a newspaper around before slapping it somewhat triumphantly onto the sofa table. He sat down on the sofa and leaned his elbows on his knees, looking at John. “It’s out now. Press conference yesterday, every newspaper printed it today. Have you seen it?” His face showed a mixture of satisfaction and chagrin, pity mixed with anxiety about John’s response.
He slowly travelled upwards and tangled one hand into Sherlock’s hair. At the touch of John’s hand sliding up the skin of his neck, Sherlock released the most incredible quiet moan into their kiss. John’s heart skipped a beat as the sound struck him at his core. He tried to press closer into Sherlock, pulling his head towards him.
Sherlock was watching both nurse and patient with predatory focus. The nurse was clearly taking a little longer than necessary with her ministrations, her palm lingering superfluously on John’s arm. She was smiling at him, and he was smiling back, making small talk. There was a crinkle of laughter next to his eyes, his manner charming and natural. The nurse clearly enjoyed this too much. She made John lean forward to fluff up and rearrange his pillows, to which John acquiesced. As he leaned away from her, his eyes strayed to Sherlock and the detective gave him the most intense glare he could muster. John’s eyebrows shot up. Sherlock glanced briefly at the nurse, then back at John. John viciously shook his head once and gave him his ‘if you make her cry, I’m not talking to you for a week’ look. Sherlock smirked.
But then, the dream shifted. Now it was them, sitting opposite each other in their armchairs.
It wasn’t until later, when Sherlock was lying on his back, his breathing returning to normal, that he managed to voice his thoughts. “I didn’t know it could be like this.”
, watching the methodical movements for a while, letting them calm him. Only when he no longer noticed his shallow breathing did he realise that he’d been worked up from the morning’s case and their conversation. Looking at Sherlock like this reminded him of the first time he met him, and there was something very reassuring in that.
Sherlock sighed. “He’s after Helen, too,” he said, quietly. “We’re going to Frederick’s. He called me for help. She was released on bail and went to his place. The police must have decided she was more victim than offender, seeing as she was abducted and taken hostage. Now she’s locked herself in the basement, threatening to kill herself— or something. It was hard to make out,” Sherlock explained.
He stood in his room, getting ready to put on his pyjamas and head to the bathroom. He thought John was still up downstairs, chatting to Mummy about that book she wrote ages ago. Sherlock had slipped away, hoping to avoid any more sentimental or tempting situations.
with anyone
Mycroft gave a theatrical sigh and rolled his eyes. He turned towards him, though, his voice lower, a bit irritated. “Dear Lord, Sherlock, do I have to spell everything out for you? Go to him. Talk to him.
Sherlock read his mind instantly. “Yes, yes, incredible, fantastical, and under strictest confidentiality, because if you breathe a word to anyone I will find ways to make...”
“You said your husband sought your advice on this matter?” John pressed.
Mycroft glanced at Anthea, who was hovering helpfully by his side. “Should we stop him, sir?”
“Believe me, I don’t want it to be,” he said ruefully.
“There’s been a murder,” John explained. “The ambassador you were supposed to save knew something.”
. His legs were longer, but John was strong and fit. Despite his long absence, he remembered, and the running on a case, running for their lives, had an aching familiarity to it.
John cleared his throat and gathered his thoughts. “Uh, no, I haven’t.” When Lestrade held out the paper to him, he declined. “I don’t— I mean, I know what it says,” he managed. “But… that’s good.”
He’d gotten two missed calls and a text from her in the past few days, asking him how he was. It looked to John as if she was merely letting him know she was still interested in continuing their tentative dating efforts, but the message hadn’t been exactly emotional. He’d formally called in sick at work, but so far had completely forgotten to call her back privately.
Sherlock sounded like his interest was piqued. “Oh? About what?”
“7 – 6 – 5,” the drunken chanting drifted through the flat. John shifted closer to Sherlock again.
“Shut up, Doctor,” Moran grumbled and picked up John in a similar manner, depositing him on his feet. His expression told Sherlock how much he enjoyed seeing them disoriented like this, but the rest of his body told him even more.
John frowned, but then pulled himself together remarkably. He cleared his throat, took on a more formal stance. He knew the game was on.
“Sorry? Who’s Moran?” John was standing again, hovering behind Mary’s chair.
They stepped away from the ambulance and Sherlock turned, his eyes seeking Lestrade. He was still standing a little away, talking to Sergeant Donovan. She sent him a thoughtful look, something definitely new on her face where Sherlock was concerned. Sherlock ignored it and nodded at Lestrade, who gave him a nod and a small knowing smile in return – they’d be around another time for statements, for now they needed to get home and out of (or rather the remainder of) their wet clothes. The thought suddenly made a surge of possessiveness grip his chest, and several ideas presented themselves to him how to accomplish that—
to know these things. I
, indeed. He’d wanted to know, didn’t he? And now he heard it in his own words, in that incredibly deep timbre, his sarcastic reprimand leaving no doubt whether they’d both understood what was being said. Sherlock was clearly annoyed by his prying, and John almost felt that it would be better if he had never known.
“Yeah, probably,” John admitted, and they shared a smile. Finally, he said, “I think I know what you mean now.”
The next day, John awoke feeling oddly well-rested. No nightmares had plagued him, and as soon as he cracked an eye open, he guessed he knew why.
Also confirmed: kissing John without the distraction of blood, chlorine and mortal danger was much more pleasant. Brilliant, really. The next experiment would have to determine if it could become an even more satisfying experience without the taste of alcohol on their tongues and with all their mental faculties present.
Father laughed and waggled a finger at him. “Quite right, genius,” he said fondly and continued to the shed. Sherlock smirked. He had to admit, he loved his parents. They were overbearing and annoying and frustratingly into terrible musicals, but—as parents went, they were all right. He remembered telling John about them and how amused he had been to hear they weren’t super villains. John was such a romantic.
There was a sharp tug on his arm as John stumbled and let go of Sherlock’s hand even as Sherlock called, “John!” He stopped to help him, but John fell forwards, rolled, clambered to his feet again with a pained grunt – “Run,” he urged with teeth clenched, and they were rushing on again, Mary close on their heels now. Sherlock had barely turned when a shot rang out behind them.
He quickly arranged his face into a carefully neutral mask and looked at John again. “The really interesting question here is: why do you want to know?”
In John’s experience, evenings with friends and a sudden influx of booze have a way of turning in a certain direction; surprisingly, the Holmes family Christmas was no exception. For some reason, Mary told them about one of their colleagues’ outrageous hen night and they ended up discussing drinking games. As it turned out, John should have realised that this would be the tipping point for the evening. Ten minutes later saw them all with new beverages and a post-it note stuck to each forehead.
“About damn time you showed up, little
“Montgomery was cleared, but he came to me afterwards and told me his side of the story. It seemed that he really didn’t know anything about sabotage or any rescue missions, but he did happen to find himself in possession of certain security tapes just two weeks before the incident. He watched them and passed on the most salient points to the ambassador. At the time, he didn’t take note of it, but he said to me that looking back, the ambassador gave the impression that Montgomery had unwittingly handed her something valuable.”
The man Mary had shot was consequently suffering from a rather nasty thigh wound and couldn’t walk properly. One broken wrist and one punctured leg – they couldn’t have climbed down a fire escape. Which meant that they left slowly,
Suddenly, the words were just there. “Sherlock… I’m in love with you, you know?”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered to John’s and he looked irritated. But then he said, annoyed, “we’re taking these to the lab. I’ll send you the results.” John’s lips quirked up. When Sherlock strode majestically from the room, John shared a smile with a bemused Greg.
“You’re not so bad yourself,” John managed and licked his lips before he could stop himself. God, could he be any more obvious? “Thank you again, the suit is… really something.”
“And I want them to understand that
“Sergej!” Moran yelled and stepped carefully to the side of the open wing of the door. He gripped his pistol tightly, training it on Sherlock. His eyes flitted back and forth between him and the side of the van.
“Sherlock,” he murmured, his voice dropping low. He trailed his hand up Sherlock’s abdomen and felt a shiver under his palm. “Come to bed with me?”
“10 – 9 …!”
John sighed. Then he noticed Sherlock looking back at him curiously, probably trying to deduce what John would write before he knew it himself. He grinned and wrote quickly, before he could second-guess himself, then stuck the post-it with the words ‘
“What?”
“Don’t have to pretend much, then,” John mumbled under his breath and Sherlock gave him a quick smile. He’d counted on that reaction, and it worked; John immediately assumed a straighter posture and held himself with that kind of quiet dignity Sherlock found so fascinating. He straightened as well and left his hand hovering over John’s back, feeling suddenly smug – surely nobody else here had such a dashing and loyal companion by his side. It was humbling that John had stayed with him after the ordeal of his Fall. He didn’t really know how to put that in words, but it was true and made his head go haywire when he thought too much about it.
“Yes,” Mycroft said. “I was going to come over or call you tomorrow, but I might as well get it over with. My office was broken into last night.”
“He sent you a picture, didn’t he?” John felt that he understood Moriarty enough for that.
John could only imagine the looks of horror on the Yarders’ faces. “Oh God yes,” he breathed with a slow smile, looking up from under his lashes, and Sherlock’s eyes widened just as his face fell a little to reveal something entirely different underneath.
They waited, listening to box after box being wheeled on board. John was beginning to lose all feeling in his legs from being crouched under the table. Also, there was the solid, tall, warm body of Sherlock pressed against him for the second time that night. After their moment on the roof, he wasn’t sure how much of this his self-control could handle. Sherlock was literally breathing down his neck, making his hair stand on end and his arms erupt in goose bumps. He wished he could ignore the thieves, their bloody boxes and the case and just turn around and—
“Yes. My husband was convinced that the matter of the tapes and the call the ambassador made were not known to the people conducting the investigation. He never saw the tapes again, as most of the belongings at the embassy were destroyed or presumed lost. As far as he could tell, nobody knew of their conversation. If the ambassador had begun turning certain wheels, my husband never learned of the results. He asked me if he should bring this matter to the attention of his superiors.”
“Remember after the pool?” He felt Sherlock become still.
The thought calmed him a little and he turned to face Sherlock. His friend was glancing up to the surface in thought and then back at John. He shook his head.
And just like that, the seriousness of the moment was broken and Sherlock laughed. “You’re getting cocky. I don’t think soldiers are as accomplished dancers as you think they are.”
“I sent them back upstairs,” he said quietly, but he heard the sniffling behind the door pause and knew Helen could hear him. There was a scuffing sound on the door and John realised she probably sat with her back to it. He crouched down to be more on her level and gently kept petting Abby as she whined a little.
Well. Ruminating on what he should do about this newfound attraction would surely lead to depressing thoughts, so he decided to just accept the facts for now and worry about what would happen later. Instead, he forced himself to just enjoy the warmth in his chest when he thought of Sherlock. For now, that was magnificent enough to sustain him. For now, the guilt and worry that must come eventually could go sod off.
Yes, please,” her friend replied huskily. It sounded like somebody licking their lips before a delicious meal.
Sherlock recognized that John had just endured a rather awkward discussion. Perhaps he now had to offer up something in return, to make them even.
Sherlock’s eyes flittered to him, took in his expression; his eyes narrowed. “Of course she didn’t, but it was convenient either way,” he said, sounding distracted.
Sherlock looked at him as if he was a complete imbecile. “You asked me to, so… yes.”
“Yeah, I, um, saw Sarah the other day. She came over when you were off, thinking.”
“John,” Mary said, startling him out of his thoughts. She had stopped walking, looking at him with a funny expression. “Stop.”
It was like watching a train wreck. John wasn’t sure whether to be amused or horrified. He couldn’t look away.
“Yes.”
The thought of certain images involving a certain pair of lips, surrounded by pale skin and soft dark curls under his hands made his face flush and he quickly got up. He grabbed their empty glasses and offered to get another round, feeling Sherlock’s knowing smirk on his back all the way to the bar.
, you’ve had… ooh, I’d say about two glasses of champagne too many, and so have I, so I think you should comment some more on the
Sherlock’s arms let go just enough to allow John to raise his head and look into his eyes. The slender hands now hung loosely around his neck, fingers absently caressing the hair at John’s neck. He could feel the most pleasant shudders tingle down his spine.
Slowly, with precision, Sherlock angled his head and pressed his lips to John’s. And suddenly, there was nothing else. No noise, no pain, no fire, only Sherlock’s body against his, his lips slowly opening. Like in a trance, John gently pried his own mouth open in as much of a synchronous movement as he managed, careful to keep himself tightly pressed against Sherlock’s face. He felt the arms around him tighten, the hand behind his head holding him in an iron grip.
“Biscuit?”
He pulled out his phone and quickly found the right number. After a brief moment, Mary answered, sounding amused. “
“Don’t move,” Moran hissed at them. He sounded on edge and turned around to reach for them.
It was later, probably much later, but who was paying attention to such tedious things as
“Of course I was worried, you prick! I thought you’d gone off to look for Moriarty, getting yourself kidnapped or killed! I thought you were lying in some warehouse somewhere, bleeding to death! I thought someone had tied you to a bomb or—“
, that much was certain. Especially if they kept looking at each other as he suspected they were doing right now.
However, something was definitely different than before. John noticed he was constantly looking over his shoulder. He realised that he fully expected Sherlock to come sashaying in around the next corner with some flimsy excuse about a case, latching on to them and deducing all of the other museum visitors. John smiled at the thought and began once again examining the people around him, trying to see what Sherlock saw.
They walked to the hospital lobby and John excused himself for a moment to hobble to the small shop he found by the entrance. When he came back with a bag of basic toiletries and toothbrushes, Sherlock joined him, walking slowly, giving John time to limp alongside him to the hospital exit. Before they went outside, John glanced back once and spotted Mycroft standing at the end of the corridor, giving them both a relieved smile he straightened his tie and turned away.
His parched mouth and aching head aside, this wasn’t all that unpleasant. A smile stole onto his lips and he slowly brought up his arm around John. He closed his eyes again and took a deep breath.
“I, um…” Sherlock struggled and cut himself off. The following silence was underscored by quiet sighs from a frowning Sherlock. He seemed frustrated.
Finally, with one last ditch effort, John heaved himself into a half-sitting position and crashed his clasped fists into Moran’s head. But the man barely winced and instead lunged. His head connected with John’s forehead with a crack. For a second, John saw black and the back of his head hit the ground. He tasted blood on his tongue and his vision was blurry. He felt a hand at his collar yank him upwards and he felt nausea rising in his throat.
He stepped closer until their chests nearly touched and gently placed his hands on John’s shoulders. He felt John suck in a small gasp. Sherlock let one hand wander upwards, caressing his neck and gently brushing his fingertips over the bruise. John winced a little, even as a smile spread on his lips.
One eyebrow was raised delicately in his direction. John indulged a moment, looking into Sherlock’s eyes. He didn’t quite know how to phrase what he wanted to get across. Finally, he settled on, “be nice to him?” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John stared.
John snorted. “
Sherlock looked a bit sheepish. “Well. You’ve been injured, you need to eat,” he said. “And I do happen to eat on occasion.” A small smile tugged at his lips.
“Now and again,” John repeated and Sherlock chuckled. “How about now?”
was the actual target, not me.”
As they got closer to St. Bart’s. John’s mood sobered. Sherlock’s sudden openness notwithstanding, there was one more unresolved issue they hadn’t discussed earlier.
“What, you haven’t deduced it yet?” John grinned at him, feeling rather pleased with himself.
John rolled his eyes. A lot of this plan revolved around not being allowed by Mycroft to break into the bloody Secret Service and then counting on Mycroft to let them get away with it after the fact. The Holmes brothers would one day be the death of him, John was sure of that.
“No, I mean yes, I mean… I think what I mean is that I think we should stop dating,” she hedged, but hastily went on before he could react. “But you know how people always say ‘we could stay friends’ or something? I really mean it. I really like you and I would like to have you in my life; just…”
. And then he nodded.
an inner voice (which sounded suspiciously like Mycroft)  admonished.
The second man stepped round the van. Suddenly, a shot rang out, followed by a yell. The three of them instinctively ducked. Then, a loud bang and a hissing sound. The armed guy turned and disappeared, shouting in Russian.
“Well,” Mycroft allowed with a nod. “I would, but she appears to have… left it all behind, so to speak. She actually is a trained nurse. I checked her credentials.”
Sherlock frowned and vaguely gestured at the sizeable bruise on John’s head. “Uh, sorry about the…” He broke off.
“So at least you’re not dating me for the inside scoop, then,” he said finally, finishing his whiskey. Mary chuckled a bit wrily, and that made John chuckle, too. He had thought she might never want to see him again, now that he had revealed some of his baggage, but she reacted really well.
“John has been out several times with a nurse working at his clinic. Her name is Mary Morstan – at least, that’s what she goes by these days.”
,” he whispered. He looked pointedly into the wall of fog and inclined his head into the direction in which the little copse of trees would be.
“You,” Sherlock said. “You jumped with me.”
Sherlock sat quietly for a while, afraid to move. John’s head was resting on his shoulder, his friend’s familiar weight leaning into him. He turned his head a little and, almost subconsciously, nudged John’s head with his nose. He didn’t budge. He breathed in and immediately felt his senses filled with John’s smell and warmth. Sherlock noticed his heart beat a little faster and a slight panic grabbed hold of him. Were they to stay like this? He remembered the morning at the hospital. Would John look at him the same way as he did then? Or had that just been the residual effects of the painkillers?
“Right. Well—“ John finally pulled on his jacket. “You got everything, then?”
“What?” John heard himself ask, his voice sounding odd and strained. He felt trapped between the solid body behind and the table in front of him. He hadn’t read a single word.
“Curious,” Sherlock whispered. He sounded breathless, absolutely enthralled.
John sighed. “Even if you’re right,” he finally said. “Even if it’s all just temporary. You should take it. Don’t waste any more time. You’ll want to spend every minute you can with him. Move in with him, marry him, or— whatever,” he floundered. “But don’t leave him like that. Please,” he said, feeling a heaviness tug at his heart. “You are so lucky to have this.”
“Unless Sherlock got on the job?” Greg suddenly grinned at Mycroft. The man looked surprised and amused at this statement.
John fought to suppress a grin. “No, I don’t think so,” he said as earnestly as he managed.
John leaned back and assured the nurse that there was nothing else he needed, his tone perhaps a little more curt than before. Her chest deflated a little and she picked up her things to leave. “The doctor will see you soon to discharge you,” she said with a last lingering look, then left the room with a quick glance and friendly nod at Sherlock.
“Why not?” Why would this make him so angry? What was wrong with him? Shouldn’t he be happy? But if he was happy, that meant… things that he didn’t want to think about. And it suddenly seemed that John was merely postponing the inevitable, drawing out the torturous moment before he slept with Mary, moved out, got married…
As if on cue, John felt himself shivering all over. Sherlock looked him over quickly. “You’re freezing. I need to get you out of these clothes.”
“We need to be going. Pack some things,” he ordered, and John glanced once at Sherlock for confirmation before he jumped up and made his way upstairs as quickly as his legs let him.
“Eight point four minutes,” Sherlock stated, putting his phone away with a satisfied smile.
“—ow,” John moaned into Sherlock’s mouth, but that didn’t stop either of them. They lay sideways on the ground, half their bodies angled awkwardly on the staircase. Sherlock wound his arms around John properly now, pulling him against him. John’s head was spinning; the distinction between up and down rapidly disappeared, and only Sherlock’s body, his arms, his mouth, his long legs tangled with his own, anchored him into reality.
Sherlock let go of John and turned to the stairs. It was probably for the best that he didn’t see John’s face as he stood there, staring at Sherlock’s back, finally hit over the head with the realisation that he was undeniably in love with his best friend.
“But it’s Christmas Eve,” John raised his eyebrows. “And your Mum cooked for twenty. Surely Queen and country can have a break tonight?”
. Interesting.
“Sherlock, I had his breath on my face as he wrapped me in explosives—how could you ever think that I wouldn’t be able to tell the truth?” His eyes met Sherlock’s. They bore into him, yet John could not fathom what the mind behind them was thinking. He ran a hand through his hair. How could he explain this so Sherlock would understand?
John snorted a breathy laugh and heard Sherlock’s deep chuckle in response. He settled down and slowly let himself drift off to sleep again. The last thing he knew was a slender hand that found its way into his.
Mary sighed. “Well, it was nice while it lasted.”
Sherlock let his head loll down into the grass, dropped his blood-stained hand limply on his chest and went still.
221B was still a mess from the incident with the exploding car – but some magical Christmas elves had come in and fixed their windows, so at least they wouldn’t have to freeze. John spent a good deal of time for the first two days just hobbling around, cleaning up and throwing away broken things and making sure that Sherlock at least pretended to help. He realised he was too much in love to care what a lazy sod Sherlock was, simply content to just spend time with him and talk whilst he sorted things out.
“Mycroft’s way of saying ‘sorry’, I think,” Sherlock said, clearly accepting the change of topic with some relief.
while they were on a case. Which he didn’t, of course. He nearly held his breath, not quite knowing how to move and not move at the same time and—
“I—wasn’t sure at the time,” Sherlock admitted slowly, and John couldn’t help it, his eyes widened in surprise. “This is all a bit new,” he added, smiling wryly. For once, he really looked insecure. “But I thought about it some more since then.”
John felt a smile spread on his cheeks as he slowly looked up. “Being… Sherlock Holmes at them,” he said, for lack of a better explanation.
John looked down at Sherlock’s wrist and snorted. “You’re not wearing a watch.”
John cocked an eyebrow and gave him a small smirk. “I know,” he said as  casually as possible. Inside, his stomach was giving nervous flutters; John had truly run out of ideas and flat-out seducing Sherlock with suggestive comments was his last resort. So he just turned around and walked back to Sherlock’s room, hoping beyond hope that the infuriating man had gotten the message.
Mycroft found himself bristling a little. “Miss Morstan, I do not think that it quite behoves you to speculate any more about what I am or am not interested in. I was merely commenting on the fact that, as I have stated before, I may have found a use for you, after all.”
Sherlock indicated to Frederick to move off, to give him some space. John was absent-mindedly petting the dog, who didn’t show any indication of moving away from the door. Sherlock took Freddy upstairs and told him to make some tea for everyone and to wait for the police. Freddy seemed infinitely glad to be told what to do and left for the kitchen. Sherlock turned around again and took a few steps back into the cellar. He could tell that John had waited for them to leave, but something compelled him to go back until he heard the quiet voice float up to him. He leaned against the wall and listened.
John perked up at that. “Do you think Mary got away and contacted him?”
His musings were cut short when Sherlock exclaimed in triumph that he’d found the right dock. Things happened rather quickly after that. Lestrade got some people on the insurance fraud angle, and he would coordinate a raid on several cargo boats that they assumed would smuggle the stolen items that night.
Freddy took a deep breath to steady himself. “Anyway, she said she wouldn’t consider it until she was able to pay me for half the house. She said if she was going to live here with me, then she wanted to hold her own.” Freddy rubbed his hands down his face. “It’s ridiculous! And now she’s nowhere to be found and I’m worried that she’s gotten into some kind of trouble.”
John was reminded of the night that Sherlock came to sleep in his bed to combat the nightmares with his presence. He remembered them falling asleep together on the couch only a few days ago.
In all the excitement he had completely forgotten to think about the simplest fact: he was getting his life back. He had been dead for six months and evidently could still count as John’s
Sherlock finally turned, half-facing John with an intense look. “They were incredibly easy to manipulate, John. I would eventually have gotten enough inside knowledge from each of my captors to put the entire organisation behind bars for the rest of their lives.” He huffed. “Including their leader.” His eyes searched John’s for a moment. “Moran.”
go over there.”
He told Sherlock how he worked with Lestrade to clear his name. And when he looked up and saw the expression on Sherlock’s face, he felt tears threatening to fall; because he knew he’d never been so driven to do something for someone else and Sherlock
John blearily opened his eyes and found himself faced with the barrel of the gun.
wrong, and you know it.”
, for real... I could not live with myself if I hadn’t at least tried this.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened just a fraction and John guessed that he understood at least some of what he’d tried to tell him. He looked away and was quiet now, for once actually listening. John took the chance. “You asked me once whether caring about people will help save them. I don’t think so. But I can’t help but feel for them; it’s just a natural reaction for me. And I think it helps to understand them and their situation better.” He looked at Sherlock again. “You use your amazing brain to solve cases. I use my… intuition, if you will, to help.”
had to stop thinking like that. He noticed that Sherlock’s hands were both on his arms now, while John’s hands were still loosely resting on his arms. They were almost holding each other. Sherlock’s eyes searched his, his expression unreadable in the low light. John swallowed against a lump in his throat. He could just lean forward a little, tilt his head up… would it feel very different from kissing Mary?
“And someone didn’t like loose ends,” Sherlock finished his thought. “Her former assistant was killed Tuesday night.” They shared a look. John wondered whether they’d already found their culprit in Lady Smallwood.
“Mrs Hudson will surely perish if she doesn’t get new oven gloves, John,” Sherlock mocked, deadpan.
Sherlock was at a loss. He felt bored, but not painfully so. Looking at John sleeping somehow alleviated his need to do something. It was very strange, being slowed down like this. Definitely a new sensation, one that needed exploring and figuring out. But what was he going to do with himself for the rest of the time in the hospital? There was no emergency he could help with; Lestrade surely would have told him.
“A little.”
Mary waved a hand. “Oh! Don’t worry about me. Mycroft actually asked me to stay and work on some stuff with him and some board of inquiry or something…”
“You like tea. And a clean flat,” Sherlock stated.
“I didn’t have to dig much,” John allowed with a shrug. “Many people actually came forward on their own to help, to send in testimonies… Henry Knight kept in touch,” he added as an example. Some surprisingly nice things had come to light after Sherlock’s death. It had been rewarding to see how many lives he had touched and that even though he had been such a rude bastard to most of them, they forgave him all and considered him worth the effort of clearing his name. Rather touching, that. He only wished Sherlock had known.
He gently eased his hand out of John’s, not breaking the gaze. “We should go,” he said quietly, searching John’s eyes. John nodded. Sherlock pulled out his phone, reluctantly looking away. He sent a text to Mycroft.
“Close enough,” John replied, and for a moment, he rested his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder. He felt Sherlock’s head turn and a nose nudge at his hair. He smiled in the darkness.
go and work for the bloody government, all right?”
John gave the chart a cursory glance, his eyes darting to and fro. Finally, he sighed and handed it back to Sherlock. “Ah well, been there, done that,” he remarked drily. Sherlock felt a fond smile graze his cheek and he looked at John with a pang of sadness and respect.
“Oh.” Sherlock was surprised. He hadn’t even thought about it. John was shorter than him, so he supposed that the traditional roles were a bit reversed – but since John was the person dating women, it made sense to let him take the male part in the dance. “Yes, I guess you’re right. I taught myself to do both sides,” he said.
“Right.” It seemed okay to get out of bed. His head felt much clearer, in mere physical respects anyway. Perhaps it was really a good idea to leave all the questions be for the moment. It felt safer.
He got up again and picked up the crisp, white shirt. Sherlock must have bought it to match the tone of the suit. The colour was perfect, of course, but John noted it needed cufflinks. Sherlock never wore them, but perhaps a black tie event of this size required something a bit
A few hours later, John had interrogated himself at length but come nowhere near a solution to how to approach Sherlock on this subject. ‘Um, hey, turns out I’m not as straight as I thought’ just didn’t seem to cut it. Also, that kind of conversation somwhat required them to first work out what the hell had happened last night. John looked at the clock. He still hadn’t heard from him. Finally, he pulled out his phone for what seemed like the millionth time today and gave in.
John didn’t know what to say to that.
, John realised.
Finally he heard something land in the water and the cries from above directed him to a large life ring bobbing on the waves near him. With a last big struggle, he launched himself at the ring, keeping John above the water as much as possible. He entangled his arms through the ring and kept a firm grip on John. He shouted, “quickly! He’s drowning! Hurry!” Thankfully the people at the top were not entirely morons and pulled them up. Sherlock heard grunting and more shouting from Lestrade who was in front, holding and pulling the rope and swearing fiercely at the people behind him to
. Sherlock scowled at his intense frustration and got up to pace the room instead.
Sherlock murmured “
John was trying to be calm and relax, but found it difficult. He was home, safe and sound, but his whole body was basically humming with excitement., After being on stand-by for months, he had suddenly been shocked back to life. The words ‘co-dependent’ came to mind, but he tried to give himself some slack for now. His body and his head couldn’t really quite handle all of this yet, and he knew he’d crash at some point and probably cry or rage or become silent again simply to understand everything.
John didn’t ask a single question, simply taking it in stride that Sherlock had bribed one of Mycroft’s ‘actors’ to take them to the train station in the middle of the night on Christmas Eve.  The man drove without unnecessary small  talk as well, and so they spent the short trip in silence.
If there was suddenly some noise behind them of people whooping and whistling and laughing, neither of them really noticed nor cared.
? He couldn’t move. This was it. But... at least he’d picked up a few tricks from Sherlock Holmes – in his last moments, he even thought like him. And somehow, that was oddly comforting. He even believed he heard him call his name.
“Tea?” He could have sworn his voice was usually not that high-pitched.
However, the hands moved from roaming his shoulders to steadying him again in a moment. Admittedly, closing his eyes hadn’t helped with his balance. When Sherlock pulled him towards the bed, he had to concede that it was the safer option right now to get vertical.
There was a definite question there. So she hadn’t given up all hope that her secret may stay a secret. She was good with words. Good with people. When she had gotten them coffee… Not that he would have left, but perhaps even that small remark about him not being seen outside was a subtle hint in the direction she wanted him to go.
And so, soon after, John was slowly digging through his Chow Mein and Sherlock was making an effort to poke at his Kung Pao; and John never asked a single question or said anything; instead Sherlock simply began to speak, without looking up, and told him everything.
“The game is over, Doctor Watson,” the voice meandered through the fog, sickly with anger. “Just you and me left now.” John swallowed.
Sherlock let out a slow breath through his nose and closed his eyes for a moment. “He was suffering,” he said, even quieter now than before. “You watched him. You took pictures of him.
Sherlock, however, looked completely unperturbed by John’s outburst; he merely stood close to him, cradling his wrist with his hand, smiling sheepishly. John realised his own hands were tightly fisted into Sherlock’s arms, as if he could take off again any minute to get another body part sprained or broken. He felt as if he couldn’t draw a breath, he was so exasperated at how much he loved this insane, irresponsible man.
“It’s just… I’m never quite sure where I stand, you know? Until now I hadn’t even considered I might, uh, be into…”
“That’s good, because I never know what you’re up to until after the fact so I have to learn to make accurate predictions if I’m going to watch your back.”
He heard her sniff loudly and then she was quiet. John waited. She needed time. Finally, Helen spoke. “I didn’t know someone else was involved. But mum—“ she choked a little again and waited a moment. “She said something on the boat last night. Someone had organised it all behind th-the scenes,” she stammered, trying to piece it together. “And she said he hated to be kept waiting, or something.” Another loud sniff and a desperate sigh.
On the other hand, Sherlock wasn’t good with feelings and relationships; he never seemed to really
When they finally turned the water off and stepped out of the shower, Sherlock was quiet, his eyes full of
John vaguely registered that Sherlock never said ‘please’ to anyone. At least it never sounded as sincere as it did now. He swallowed hard. “Shut up,” he managed. “I just...” John mustered the last ounces of bravery he had. “What I said earlier. I don’t actually mind,” he mumbled.
“No. Not you. But there’s something calculated about it,” he allowed, reluctantly.
“Yes, yes, all right,” Sherlock soothed while rolling his eyes. “I just didn’t want your goons to ruin my work.”
John groaned at the cheesy comment, but Greg just laughed even harder. “Thank you for that,” he finally said with emphasis, wiping a tear from his eyes. “Wow. I’m sorry, I am just… actually quite relieved.” John extricated himself from Sherlock and settled in his arm chair, feeling more than a little self-conscious now. Greg pointed at him. “Told you you were good together,” he said, eyebrows raised.
John parted them slightly, even as he held his breath.
“No problem,” John’s voice said faintly, and from this distance it was impossible to gauge the inflection he put on his words. Was he annoyed? Indifferent?
“Oh God,” John managed, and flopped down in his chair, running a hand down his face.
didn’t have all of that regret to convince him of what he wanted; and before he’d even figured it out in the first place, John had jumped three steps ahead again and confused him with his warmth and nearness and touch.
Mrs Hudson merely gave him a knowing smile and scoffed. “Of course you worry. He’s yours, isn’t he?” She laughed. “And I can just tell. You may be able to deduce the lint off my apron, but I can see when two people are crazy about each other—“ here, she shot Sherlock a very pointed look – “and
Suddenly, there was a shout from across the lobby, and John froze. His eyes darted over and he saw, almost in slow-motion, Sherlock lunging towards them, his greatcoat flaring out behind him. Before John could make a move, he had barrelled into them and shouted “don’t drink that, it’s poisoned!” He quickly snatched the cup from Sally’s hands, splashing himself and her with coffee, and she uttered a startled cry. Sherlock pressed the hot cup into John’s hands so quickly that he didn’t even have time to register that it was burning his hands, and then he was off.
Mycroft slowly shook his head, an unexpected uncertainty in his eyes. “I’ll have to talk to her.”
“Shall we give them something to look at?” John’s voice came out low and a bit husky. Sherlock felt John’s warm hand in his become his sole focus. It seemed more intimate to be holding it than it had a mere moment ago, and Sherlock couldn’t understand why. They had touched many times, but something definitely changed that very second. He saw John’s grin, and like someone accepting a dare, he raised his eyebrows and heard himself say, “all right.”
John shrugged. “All right, I guess. But… it’s good.”
Sherlock went back to his bedroom and returned with some plain black cufflinks and four matching studs. “Pointless, since I only wear buttons as well, but they come in useful.” At John’s questioning look, he just shrugged. “I get lots of useless Christmas gifts from various relatives.”
, thought John.
“John Watson. Doctor, crack shot, war veteran… but always so modest. I never took you for a show-off!”
“Ordinary folk, retirement in Hampshire, wow.”
, John was incredibly glad for the distraction. He quickly chased thoughts of Sherlock’s body from his mind and glanced at the laptop. To his relief he found something to help get rid of any unwanted arousal quickly enough: another bloody spreadsheet. He sighed. “Good morning,” he mumbled. “What’s this then?”
A little later, as Sherlock discussed crimes with Lestrade, John found himself musing on the things the DI had said. He was right of course. This had occurred to John before, whenever somebody insinuated that he was somehow being taken advantage off. He got angry then, and usually shouted at people who made uninformed judgements on him and his friend. Sherlock didn’t care, of course, and told John not to defend him. But, especially now, John knew he’d always defend him, even if it was useless.
John snorted. Mary gaped. “Not that I know of?” she offered, at which John burst out laughing again.
“Um,” he cleared his throat.
“Which was?”
and cold. He hummed a small sigh of content as a little of Sherlock’s body heat seeped into him. He noticed Sherlock was smiling, his face now quite close. John studied his pale eyes, dancing with the firelight.
Frederick looked a mess. He had clearly been crying a lot and had only just managed to pull himself together again. Sherlock gave him a once over and filed away the details for later.
“Of course it isn’t,” Mycroft said coolly. “This is one of the calls I usually avoid at all costs.” He pressed a speed dial button. The phone faintly began ringing in the silence.
“You’re still angry,” Sherlock said, uncertainty evident in his voice. He slowly let his hand drop.
Sherlock didn’t respond for a moment, but then he finally sighed and leaned forward as well. “Yes, I agree. I promise, John.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as if to dare him to continue with his observations.
“Yes, we did,” he told her, a bit reluctantly.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock murmured back, a smile in his voice. His breath ghosted over John’s lips, making them tingle.
at them and the flirting that came so naturally to him. He thought of how all of them seemed casual and inconsequential when compared to how John had looked at him the previous night. To how John was looking at him right now.
John seemed to catch the reminder and sent him a quick smile. “Always,” he said.
supposed to meet us, take Vivian into custody with undying gratitude and allow me to gloat that I found her first for every Christmas to come.”
It was not just him. Sherlock made a desperate noise in his throat and John heard it reverberate through him; the hands were now on his body, caressing his bare skin, and John’s arousal became undeniable as Sherlock’s thigh pressed into him. Every single nerve ending in his body was on fire. Without thinking, his hands moved to the front of Sherlock’s shirt and he began fumbling with the buttons. The sounds around them had changed from gentle breathing to noticeable groans and sighs and whimpers; and then Sherlock shifted, and his hips pressed against him just
Sherlock knew it was a dream, but unfortunately even
For some reason, this made John laugh even more.
And as much as Sherlock liked to think so, John wasn’t a complete idiot. He knew his friend and he knew blatant jealousy when he saw it. The pretty nurse had obviously been flirting with him, and Sherlock had obviously noticed.
So he would have to reign in his impulses and consider this… situation further before deciding how to proceed. After all, you could suppress physical urges.
They were still on the first floor, when their would-be poisoner seemed to run into a dead-end. Or at least, what should have been a dead-end for normal, sane people. Unfortunately, neither the woman dressed in the constable uniform nor Sherlock fell into that category. At the end of a corridor, with only a set of locked doors on one side, John finally spotted them. She gave an impatient huff and drew a gun. Sherlock stopped and raised his hands. When he spoke to her, he sounded out of breath. “Okay, that’s it. Dead end. In Scotland bloody Yard. So come on. Who do you work for? Is it him?”
He gently kissed Sherlock again, to make up for the missed opportunities, now and for all the times before. It was just a soft press of lips, but he immediately felt Sherlock’s entire body melt into him. His thumb was smoothing circles over Sherlock’s skin, trembling at the closeness. He kissed him again, a little longer this time, and simply enjoyed their lips sleepily learning each other’s shape.
John stared some more. Sherlock, back from the dead – in his mind, he must have imagined it hundreds of times, but he could have never come up with this scenario. He would have thought he’d just go back to business without a second thought, and that would have been enough. But Sherlock here, by his side,
He remembered that she’d seen them together at the docks. Did she guess, already? “I know,” John said, and he really wanted it to sound smug, just a little, as he’d planned; but instead he just sounded fond and ridiculously in love. He was never very good at dissimulating. He smiled, and found Sally tentatively smiling back, looking still a bit bewildered by this change of heart herself.
