As if on cue, the Iron Man Armour appeared above him, shoving a reactor into the luckily undamaged casing. Breathing became easier almost instantaneously. Tony felt dizzy with relief. Or maybe the world was spinning from the blood loss. He closed his eyes, suddenly exhausted. Bruce pressed down harder on Tony’s side, but the wounded man didn’t wake, only whimpered.
Steve hesitated. The irony of the situation must have actually blown past him until Tony pointed it out.
Steve opened his mouth to respond that maybe they could talk about it tomorrow, Tony sabotaged him without thinking.
Strange’s expression told him all he needed. They would never even see this asshole’s face. There wasn’t even reason to believe the man when he said he had no powers. Tony would be doing some of his own investigating after he survived this. That was one of Tony’s last comprehensible thoughts before all that was left was all-consuming pain and the struggle to breathe. It felt like a giant stepped on him, crushing a lot of him, all but his head, neck, spine and sternum. Everything hurt and he no longer controlled his body’s squirming and ragged gasps.
The king of vampires felt the grin form on his face, his first smile in centuries. Red Skull did take a step back this time, the sight of the fanged grin on the ancient being’s face was unexpectedly terrifying. Schmidt thought he had stopped fearing most things the world had to offer.
Natasha and Bruce walked in, and Steve noticed Bruce reading all of Tony’s monitors with a focused look before actually lowering his eyes to Tony. Natasha sat on the edge of the bed, her hand ghosting over Tony’s chest. She was fiercely protective of Tony, and she had known him longer than the others had. They pulled up two chairs and sat on his other side quietly, saying nothing. They were going to stay and keep an eye on Steve, he knew; make sure he didn’t break down again. But Steve wouldn’t, not tonight. Right now he was just kind of numb inside.
her brain finally supplied her, not that it mattered. Jessica had to hand it to the man, it was a good choice. Her own racing heart seemed to be mimicking the old man’s in the story. Her lips were tingling and her vision was becoming crowded with black spots. She could no longer hear the narration over her own roaring heartbeat that blurred into the sound of a rushing wave. Jessica passed out just as she saw a sudden influx of light and a blurry red figure.
Phil watched him carefully. Steve never looked so helpless, even the other times Tony had been kidnapped. He hadn’t been there when they went against the vampires the last time, but he got the gist from Clint. Dracula was not to be taken lightly.
the choppy sentence was useless before the display and speaker gave up completely. He lifted the faceplate so he could still see, and sat up. Everything ached, but nothing seemed to be broken yet. Hulk had moved a few feet away from Tony, looking like he was considering re-entering the lab.
No one saw Bruce move, but the sound of the door slamming open and the glass of the window breaking announced his departure. Steve thought he might have seen a glimpse of the retreating man looking dangerously green and big.
Clint noticed the man enter the room first. Everyone besides the three of them had left the room a long time ago, and Steve was in pajamas now.
Steve had lost everything important to him when his plane went down. Tony had had everything valuable (monetary-wise) all along, but nothing that he needed emotionally. Trust, love, stability, and security were things a child should receive from their parents, and Tony didn’t get them because of Steve. Tony’s not broken, but he believes he is, and that’s what matters.
Tony took first watch for the night, making himself comfortable in the mouth of their cave. It had been their only disagreement so far in the adventure. Steve tried to cite the serum and saying he didn’t need as much sleep.
Steve had learned in childhood that hospitals have a way of warping time. Sometimes an hour seemed to pass in minutes, while other times it felt like days. The pattern wasn’t consistent either, not obviously swayed by stress level or anything. The speed of time just seemed to ebb and flow with a mind of its own. He only remembered to eat because he happened to look up at the clock in time to note that the cafeteria would be closing soon.
Tony asked. In the better lighting of not the floor, Strange looked as tired as Tony felt. He needed a shave, and his hair was even messy. Always perfectly coiffed hair and immaculate appearance, Strange seemed like a different person like this.
Natasha got her psych eval over with as quickly as possible. She always knew exactly what to say to get away scott free whether she was traumatized or not and she was trained from a young age to control body language and facial expression. There really was no use. As soon as she finished listening to the SHIELD psychologist ramble about how amazingly resilient she is, she went to go find anyone willing to spar. She needed to fight. If she could just get in a good fight and burn off the anger, then she could meditate and be fine so she could go wait for Tony to come to. Unfortunately none of the agents were willing to fight, probably because they were all terrified of her. It was probably for the best anyway, the only sparring partner that could handle her right now in the SHIELD building would be Steve, and he’s a block of ice.
Something spooky and mysterious is below the tower. What will Tony do? Will he investigate with a team like a genius would know is logical? Or will he go down on his own like the idiot we all know he can be?
Tony settled into his rolling chair and immersed himself in the text on the screen beside his initial sketches. There were still a lot of kinks to figure out on this one.
Tony hated being too broken to do simple things like sit up on his own. He knew he was the weakest and most fragile on the team. He didn’t need a reminder of that, especially with all of them watching. He closed his eyes and nodded so he wouldn’t have to see the pity as the bed slowly brought him to a more upright position.
he whined. Clint laughed but with no malice. He could still remember what building up the muscles for this was like, and Tony probably never needed to use his trapezius, deltoid, and triceps with his fighting style. The man was lean and strong, had to be to pilot the suit, but his upper back was not his strong suit.
Maria would look at her brilliant, innocent child, and see Howard. She knew that it wasn’t Tony’s fault he looked so much like the man, but she couldn’t help the visceral reaction. There was always an undercurrent of fear and hatred in the way she saw her own son. She hated herself for it. She depended on Jarvis to take care of the boy a lot of the time mostly because she felt sick around him. Maria knew that she and Howard were failures as parents, and that Tony would have to pay for their sins and deserved better. But she cowered in her isolation and did nothing to fix it.
Tony stopped walking and just listened. It sounded faintly like their might be breathing in the darkness, but he couldn’t be sure. It was definitely where the heat signature was coming from. Tony flipped his vision from infrared to night. With that he could make out a humanoid shape slumped against the wall in the corner, but no more detail than that. It looked like it may be unconscious, and along with the smell Tony was beginning to suspect it was injured.
He was so thankful that Bruce was not lecturing him right now, he decided Bruce could be his ally in this, since Clint betrayed him so quickly.
he asked through gritted teeth. If they were gonna get out of this, someone had to be put together enough to fly a ship. Hopefully they could find a ship.
Just as The Mandarin started to walk towards Stephen Strange, presumably to finish him off, Strange disappeared with a pop, appearing behind him and trapping him in a bubble of green flames. Tony wasn't sure if Strange had been awake longer and faking it or he just had impeccable timing.
A vampire minion was hanging from the ceiling above him. Tony hadn’t noticed him there until that moment, and the camera phone had a red blinking light to let them know it was recording.
It wasn’t the original life he’d imagined for himself as a child, but it was far better than his imagined wife and two children, living off of his art sales; although he had been thinking lately about finishing art school, just for the fun of it. As he set the box down on the counter and Tony set down their huge mugs of hot chocolate, Steve thought that his life couldn’t get much better.
Tony knew all about Natasha’s background at this point. He still trusted her with his life, she was a good person; she did what she had to.
Fury had inspired the idea, and he normally would never suspect the supernatural, but he had exhausted any scientific explanations for just how shit things had gotten. His family was behaving out of character and shooting each other, highly improbable accidents were happening all the time, there had to be a cause. With that in mind he had JARVIS pull up a log of every injury or mistake in the last few months and a log of each individual Avenger’s activities including purchases, enemies fought, items touched, anything. It was a lot of data but Tony was confident he could figure out a pattern.
Foggy countered, not unkindly. He wasn’t really close to Jessica like Matt was, probably because he didn’t have the whole hero thing they had, but he still liked the woman. She was crass and blunt in a refreshing way when one spends their days in stuffy courtrooms.  Matt wasn’t thinking clearly though.
So he went soul searching. Nathan travelled the world with the little he had saved up, originally in hopes of buying a house. While in Africa, and he could admit that he wasn’t sure which country (his geography knowledge terrible, and he knew nothing of the different cultures there), he met a woman that changed everything. She tried to explain the magic behind it, but the language barrier was too much. When he was handed the voodoo doll, she was able to get across a simple message.
Jessica shook his hand. This was all surreal. Now that she was sitting up, she noticed Captain America was there too. She waved at him, and he waved back, looking a little confused. SHIELD agents had just arrived and were cuffing the escaped convict, so Steve walked over. Jessica and Tony both stood, and Jessica was already feeling much better. It was hard to believe she had just nearly died. Before she could utter a sound in greeting, Tony clapped an armoured hand on Steve’s shoulder,
Steve entered his keycode to the lab, seeing Tony immediately. Tony was facing away from the door. Not wanting to startle the genius and get a repulsor blast to the face, he took his phone and flashed his flashlight until Tony noticed.
They heard the girl in the kitchen greeting a newcomer, and this one must be a friend because the girl kept talking a mile a minute as she led him into the dining room.
Steve didn’t recognize the man, though Tony seemed to. Sometimes it seemed to Steve that Tony knew everyone in New York, though.
Tony had felt like he knew him better than that. They talked all the time, ever since that day that Tony had stumbled in wasted, embarrassing himself. Abram had let him sit there with coffee and desserts for hours, rambling in slurred speech about this perfect guy who would never love him. He didn’t even know the children’s names, nor had he actually met them.
Tony had been mumbling things, but they were too quiet and slurred to understand. Now he started shaking his head, and his expression looked pained.
Frank’s eye snapped open in surprise, and he felt the blush warming his cheeks. He was so used to being hyper-aware of his surroundings, so it was shocking that he hadn’t noticed the woman stop singing, let alone exit the room.
Tony was far too weak for the motion to have any effect besides tiring him more. He looked down himself at the reactor’s light flickering. It came back dimmer each time, and he knew it would give out soon. The offending hand moved from Tony’s shoulder to directly on top of the reactor, and Tony could actually see the light being sucked into the man’s hand. All of the back up reactors were already drained. Tony was going to die down here. He should’ve listened to JARVIS. He just never suspected any danger in his own basement.
Tony muttered into the silence Wanda had left behind. The rest of his friends could still have fun, even if he had to go fix his mistake.
Tony blinked away the fog on his mind. It was happening more and more, and he wasn’t sure how much longer he could hide it. His brain was short circuiting or something, he would be doing one thing, his thoughts would get all jumbled and stop making sense, then he’d snap back to normal as though nothing had happened. It scared him. What use was he to anyone if not a genius?
Natasha reasoned before Thor had to. She understood Steve’s emotional response, but Thor’s decision had certainly been for the best.
Tony had to admit that this was starting to look like vampires. Natasha couldn’t see her reflection, she was enhanced in some way, the UV rays hurting her… But this? The fact that her mission she had been on was in Transylvania? It’s like the universe was playing a cruel prank on him. Bram Stoker wasn’t even Transylvanian! Transylvanians don’t even believe in vampires. Count Dracula, well Steve said not to call him a Count, was an Irish fiction. This had to be either his October bad luck, or a Clint make-Tony-scream prank.
That's how a perfectly normal Goosebumps marathon became a night of stories and revelations that the eight year old Peter would cherish forever.
Wanda said quietly. Tony had never seen her cry before, but a single tear had traveled down her cheek at some point, because the wet streak was still visible. Some part of him wanted to know how she knew, but another louder part didn’t, and instead he just met her gaze.
He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he didn’t hear Natasha and Bruce leave. He just fell asleep in the upright position, his hand still settled atop Tony’s and his chin laying on his chest.
he managed on a strangled shout. Steve needed to know that he had been injected with something. There had to be a way to make it stop.
When the symptoms had started, and he knew something was wrong, he took the opportunity as usual. Maybe, just maybe, if he didn’t make it this time, he’d escape from himself. His death to save others would be worth so much more than his life had ever been. He would never commit suicide right out; then he’d never atone for his sins. But if he accidentally died in the process of atonement? Well at least he would have tried, then.
This references chapter 22, the one about dreams with Nightmare and Strange. It's not necessary to read it if you just want to jump in here, so don't feel any pressure to backtrack.
Clint and Tony shared a room. Clint had lost a decent amount of blood, and while Tony’s repulsor blast cauterization had saved his life, it left a very nasty burn scar surrounding the wound, the stitched shut gash luckily not needing a skin-graft. Tony was lucky if he avoided cardiac damage, which at this point, he might just have to invent a mechanical heart or something. The two of them were stable and asleep, the only sounds in the room their soft breathing and medical machines.
It wasn’t a question. He needed more information than what he’d been given. ‘Experiments’ could mean anything really, and Tony did not have the spare time to get involved with Strange missions if he wasn’t actually going to be useful.
Clint said tiredly. Now that Phil was home he could finally get some real sleep. He never slept well without Phil.
He held up his Stark phone proudly with a grin. It was not a commercially available model; Tony had designed it just for Peter. It had JARVIS on it, just like all of his own devices.
Tony hadn’t been to the basement in awhile. The temperature was chilly down here, kept cold to help the arc reactor avoid overheating. It was the first of its kind to power an entire building, and Tony was cautious with it. As long as he could safely say that the reactor had been powering his home with self-sustaining energy for five years straight, then he may be able to convince the world to switch to the cleaner energy source. Of course, that also required Tony to trust the world not to weaponize it, but that was a bridge to pass later.
He screamed, another shock wracking his frame. Tony didn’t think he’d ever want his arc reactor out, but there was a first time for everything.
His joking smile didn’t touch his eyes, where Steve could see the unnecessary concern. If anyone ever needed concern for their well being, it was always Tony, not super soldier Steve.
I'm a really big fan of Strange and Tony around each other, half in awe of each other half biting each other's heads off lmao. This ended up sort of being a mix between one of the episodes of Avenger's Assemble and of one of the episodes of CW's Constantine show as far as premise. Please give any feedback you might have, I've never tried to explain a setting like the Nightmare realm before, and I'm not sure if I was clear.
Clint couldn’t see a damn thing. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do without his sight. He could shoot at noises, but then he might shoot one of his teammates. It was taking nearly all of his energy to not panic; it had to be a trick from the Mandarin. He couldn’t actually be going blind. That didn’t change the horror of the situation though. What if whatever the Mandarin did was permanent? What good was he if he couldn’t shoot? That’s all he was good for. He listened carefully to see if his teammates needed him, but none of what he heard made sense. The Hulk had turned back into Bruce and he was crying, Tash was talking to herself, and he didn’t hear Steve or Strange at all.
Relief washed over Tony as he felt Strange’s presence leave. He felt so light, like he'd never felt before. He opened his eyes and looked at Steve with a warm smile, but Steve looked horrified. Tony looked around; in fact, everyone looked horrified.
His charge for the night was singing softly as she did her hair. The voice floated out into the hall and echoed strangely around Frank, giving it an uncanny, yet ethereal quality. It was mesmerizing, and Frank felt himself smiling softly as he listened, in a way he probably hadn’t since before the war. Soldiers didn’t come back the same. He had been warned about it before enlisting, and thought he understood what they meant. He hadn’t. Frank had difficulty finding anything that made him happy anymore, anything that was distracting enough to quiet the running battle tactics and imagined threats in his mind, anything to take away the nightmares… This woman’s voice, however, seemed to wash over him, and quiet his mind, and this was only her half-hearted warm up singing, not the real deal. He found himself surprisingly excited to hear the show.
Everyone was watching the scene unfold. Tony was in his arms looking dazed, breathing too quickly. Steve looked back at the asshole, and when they met eyes the man spoke again.
and Steve had that serious tone. Tony didn’t know why this had suddenly become a thing. Like he knew it would! They were just talking about silly kid games, why was no topic safe?
Steve’s voice came from the helmet. Tony closed his eyes, glad he’d heard that voice one more time before he died.
the woman said with a small flick of her hand. Clint went flying through the air, crashing into a wall behind him and slumping to the floor, unconscious. Everyone was definitely aware of her presence now. The team had moved into wary battle stances, except for Thor and Tony. Thor was just in front of her, so he turned to eye her cautiously, but did not dare move. Tony was staring with wide-eyed recognition.
Tony, ever the saint, threw Steve a shaky smile. The pain of the chemical torture was more bearable now, merely a shadow of the agony he was in when Steve had found him. He reached out for Steve’s hand, squeezing hard when Steve held it.
he spoke sincerely. He couldn’t lie and tell Steve that he was wrong, but he could apologize for it.
The walk to the ship was taking longer than Tony had hoped. Every step hurt, especially in his side, which the pain seemed to be spreading worryingly. At first, the pain had been pretty localized to the middle of his left side, but it was slowly becoming his entire left side, abdomen through chest. As breathing became painful, he had to consciously make sure he was still taking deep breaths instead of the shallow ones that hurt less. While the wounds weren’t bleeding externally, he was definitely bleeding internally, and he silently commanded JARVIS to use some of the suits power to walk for him so he could focus on staying awake.
And Clint could leave it at that. But this was so uncharacteristic of Tony. He was usually all bravado and deflection, this seemed unsure. The man who practically lead the Avengers as much as Cap made it clear when you weren’t allowed to broach a subject. This was only a half-hearted deflection; Clint took the leap that he wanted it pushed.
Wait, when had Tony’s life gotten to the point where there could be a great month to be kidnapped!? He shook his head at himself. He had stopped counting the number of times he was kidnapped by 16, it was just too often. Having a famous, rich dad made him a great target for ransom nappings, being a genius made him a target when people wanted him to make things, owning SI made him a ransom target again, and then being Iron Man meant he was sometimes kidnapped just out of spite. Or maybe that was also from being Tony Stark. He made a lot of enemies.
“But,” Clint said, and it looked to Steve like the conversation with his daughter had helped him a little.
“Geez how did he get that,” Steve said and Tony knew that he had him hooked on this, even though he’s never told anyone, the creation of Iron Man comes from one of those times that Tony had been kidnapped, Tony used his own life as a part of his character, the kidnapping from when he was six especially, because he remembered having nightmares for years over it.
“My kids are not going to fall behind in school,” he would say as he gave them rewards for each good report card.
“Yeah, Thor played football in college, almost went pro too, he started up a company team and everything, so if you hurt her, he would actually tackle you to the ground,” Tony said with a smile, because it was one thing to do it for fun and another when Thor tackled someone when they pissed him off. Clint had broken his arm once because of it, but that was one of the hazards of being in their house.
“You’re right about that especially when it said it was their favorite place,” he sighed as he finished the last of the cash counts and smiled at how much they had made. It was only the first day, they wouldn’t have this kind of business all of the time. “Plus, the caption said that this was their favorite place, we’ve only been open for a day.”
“Don’t tell anyone, I don’t want Tony to worry right now,” he told her as he heard Rocket yell out something and Tony’s voice started arguing with the raccoon. “Go find her and bring her to the lab, we’ll have Tony talk to her, because if there’s someone who would notice it would be him.”
“That’s true, they have spent the most amount of time together outside of her relationship with Rocket. I know that what she has with Valkyrie isn’t new, but I don’t want to worry her right now especially since they’re all worried about Thor.”
It was an hour later, after the Hulk had calmed down enough for Bruce to come out, after Thor had gone back to drinking everything he could find, after Clint cried in the conference room, throwing everything he could. After Steve took Tony to their in-suite bathroom and the two of them held onto one another while under the too hot spray of water. The hour feeling longer than it should have, before they all met on the dock outside of facility.
“And this is why I should have just waited in the dining hall,” Steve said to himself before plopping down on Bucky’s bed feeling like a total heel for being there in the first place.
That was the last time Tony had shared anything like that with his father, his mother knew everything, eventually calming down dear old dad, but in the end the damage had been done. That night Tony had started on his first robot, a little desk helper bot named Butterfingers, mainly because he had been eating a butterfingers candy at the time he had finished. He hadn’t shown his dad, and the little bot now sat on his desk here at college, helping him when he was working on a new project, whenever he was stuck on his writing, or even just eating a granola bar. The little bot cleaned up after him, sweeping away the crumbs from Tony’s snacks or pushing away the wads of paper balls until they were in the trash bin on the side of his desk. She was Tony’s first real friend outside of his family and the friends he had made in school or those that had associated with him just because he was a Stark. Butterfingers was Tony’s child and he was alright with that. Maybe one day he could make the little girl some brothers too.
Bucky was focused on Natasha, but Steve was focused on Tony looking at him like he knew something was wrong, but Tony didn’t want to say what was the problem. Instead of bringing attention to it, Tony just put his arms around Steve’s waist and inhaled his scent. There was nothing better than Steve’s smell, because he smelled like coffee and apple pie, but that was only because he worked at Tony’s favorite place in the world, well actually anywhere that had copious amounts of coffee was Tony’s favorite place in the world, but that particular place had Steve so it was in the number one spot.
“Yeah after my three o’clock class finishes, which is usually around five,” Bruce said, which would give Tony a reason to go to the store, just because Bruce would be there. “What happened?” Bruce asked which meant that Tony would have to actually address the problem at hand.
There's another way,” Tony said to them as he stood up. Tony his genius husband knew what they needed, and he was happy for that. “To retake the Tesseract and acquire new particles. We'll stroll down memory lane. Military installation, Garden State.
“Why does it feel like when we think we’ve seen it all there’s always something there to pull the rug out from right under us?” Steve said looking over at the group.
And that was how Jessica Jones, PI, became friends with Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. The other Avengers proceeded to weasel their way into her life by the end of the weekend. Her life was strange.
he murmured, crawling back up to silence Steve’s moan with his own mouth as he wrapped a hand around Steve’s penis. He gave a lazy stroke, impressed with how quickly Steve could be so hard. He began sucking at Steve’s neck, pulling his hand away to scratch ten red lines up Steve’s abs and chest. The air hitting the raw skin was a perfect contrast to the moist warmth of Tony’s mouth on Steve’s neck. Tony pulled back to look down at Steve from above. His pupils were blown wide and Steve thought he had never looked more beautiful.
Tony was excited for Steve, but he was also nervous, he knew the risks that Steve’s mother was taking just to have the babies, there was also the fact that Steve worries, he doesn’t tell Tony that he worries, but Tony knows.
“About the great Steve Rogers,” she said with a smile on her face as she took a sip of her coffee. “Trust me, Rhodey and I have heard about you for years, though there was that brief period where he didn’t say anything about you, but that’s because I think you were dating someone and Tony hadn’t thought that it was his place to get between that, but you’ve been his crush for a very long time.”
“To lunch and then Asgard,” Thor said to Pierce as if it were an everyday occurance to have a giant battle win and then take the prisoner back to Asgard. “I’m sorry, you are?”
“We don’t speak of it, it’s only ever known as the darkest day in Clint’s life, he sometimes gets nightmares about it too,” Tony answered knowing that what Clint had done was something that the Stark kids would never forget, but if spoken Natasha would kill them.
“So, what it to you, it’s not like you actually care,” he said in his own defense, though he knew that if Nat had found out, well she would kick his ass and then call Rhodey to come down there and kick his ass again, and of course when Rhodey was finished he would bring Pepper up there to kill him with her stupid heels, which Tony brought for her as a graduation present. Those things had a metal heel, so of course it would go right through his head.
“Don’t be,” she whispered. “After what happened, I realized that maybe you were meant for bigger things then what we had been,” sighing she sat down on the bed next to him. “I wasn’t comfortable with you being Iron Man, I wasn’t comfortable with you putting yourself in danger, I think back now, and I know that while I love you, we’re not the right ones for each other.”
There’s one moment of complete stillness, that almost has Tony balk with embarrassment, before Steve moves forward in frenetic motion to claim what has always been his. He pulls Tony into his arms with a choked off moan, gets his hands underneath Tony’s ass and
It was done however. This gallant young man, who seemed to love without feeling, and to recommend himself, directly handed over the word to Miss Romanov, with a degree of civility entreated her to look upon it. Captain Rogers caught the word briefly, noting it to be
Jarvis had been in the family for seventeen years, less as a butler and more of a highly disapproving yet amused uncle with an alarming fondness for Antonia which included sighing and hiding her ridiculous schemes from her mother. The use of the term butler had all but ceased, and the shadow of any authority he may hold over Antonia (aside her desperate wish to please him) had all but dissipated. This left Antonia to do whatever she liked; always heeding Jarvis’s judgement, but never at the expense of her own.
“What to do? In what respect? Do you mean with regard to this letter? What could possibly be in doubt? You must answer of course – and speedily. It will not do to leave a man – even of his standing - waiting.”
"Sweetheart, you can't help but see the best in people." Tony's voice is soft, before it hardens again, "unlike you, I've had enough experience to know differently."
“Which one do you think I’ll prefer?” Steve asks, and Natasha shakes her head, tipping her face forward to hide the slight smile Steve knows is there.
The room is uncomfortably silent a moment, and Steve flushes at how his words have laid him bare, skinned his bones and showed Tony every rush of blood.
Tony’s eyes are fond, warm, steady. “Bedroom’s up to the right.” He says, and Steve nods once, before stepping back into Tony’s space with a quick ease, mouth capturing his. He’s gentle at first, grinding into him with a quick dry thrust that has them both gasping against each other. He paws at the other man’s ass, before tracking his hands further down and before Tony can question it, lifts him quick and clean into his arms leaving Tony little else to do but wrap his legs round Steve and cling on.
“Is your soulmate outside on your idling bike?” Tony bites, voice cruel. He doesn’t need this. Doesn’t need Steve
He’s barely surviving, this half-life, going through the motions like a ghost, ice crawling back up his throat ready to choke him. One dream nearly kills him, a vicious one that has him confessing at Tony’s deathbed, one sacrifice for another. It leaves him shaking and screaming, waking sweating and disorientated. It takes a moment to focus, recalibrate, and in that moment his door is flung open, and Tony is there.
“What a fortnight this has been!” he continued, “everyday more delightful than the one before, making me unfit to bear another place.”
A man who sees his errors whenever Steve takes a rebar to the chest because his armour wasn’t strong enough or when Clint doesn’t manage to arrest his fall because his arrows weren’t quick enough or even when Natasha’s martial arts movements don’t protect her because her suit wasn’t loose enough.
Tony can hold on too hard, he knows the way he rakes his nails down Steve’s back or the way he worries teeth into Steve’s shoulder can’t be anything short of painful. But he likes to leave his marks, likes to count how long they stay embedded in Steve’s skin before the serum wipes in out and makes the cells anew. He thinks Steve likes it too, the way he presses marks long since gone like a touchstone when he’s nervous.
He makes his way down the garage, treading as silently as he can, which isn’t all that quiet considering he is a six foot super soldier, and walks towards where he parked the bike all those months ago. When he finds the spot empty, the painted Captain America shield taunting him from the concrete, he flips out.
The whole party was assembled, excepting Clint Barton, who was expected every moment from Richmond; and Mrs. Hammer, was very ready to lead the way in gathering and accepting and talking about strawberries. She did so love the sound of her own voice, strikingly alike to Mrs. Hill but without the indulgence of kindness. Such, for half an hour, was the conversation filled mainly with her nasal tones until the group was decided to have taken its fill of the sunshine and shade sought.
“Holy –“Steve doesn’t finish, sprinting across to hold the man up as he goes to fall to the ground. Lifting him into a chair, he grabs an ice pack from the freezer and holds it gently over Tony’s forehead, who winces as it’s applied.
“What do you want.” Steve asks, voice trembling around a whisper. This feels sacred now, feels like worship at altar, to have Tony splayed out like this in front of him, hair fanning the pillow like spilled ink, eyes molten.
He kept observing him with heightened indignation, with sadness an eye on his blinded companion in Antonia. He saw a short word prepared for Antonia, given to her with a sly look. He saw Antonia had soon made it out, before judging it proper to censure; “Oh nonsense – for shame!”
Which he’s a little disappointed about, if he’s honest, he was looking forward to a stiff drink that he’d actually feel and a welcome platter upstairs.
As they were turning into the grounds, Mr. Odinson passed by on horseback. The gentlemen spoke of his horse.
she has been dealt with. Imagine living day to day with the sobering thought that if the daughters of the Colonel had suitors, and Natasha found herself in the way of those – and with her being as attractive to the male eye as she is rumoured to be this is sure to occur – that the Colonel would send her from the house without a second thought? Not out of spite, but out of success for his daughters. Antonia, you have never been collateral and so I understand that you cannot see this but be fair to the girl. You cannot live a fully happy life with that hanging over your head!”
“ANTHONY.” He winces as he hears Howard’s voice roar, knows he must go else face the wrath of Howard Stark two scotches in. But as he stares into Steven’s eyes, he finds he’d suffer far worse fates than that if it meant finding himself here.
“You think I want this life?” Tony’s voice is broken now, waves round to the room, “think I need money and dinner parties and people you think will be good for me? Steve is good for me. Have you not noticed, or enjoyed, my productivity with regards to R&D for SI has gone up 23% in the past six months?”
They walked amongst the eaves of the woodland for a while. Walking for some time over the gardens in a scattered, dispersed way, they insensibly followed one another to the delicious shade of an avenue of limes, which stretched out beyond the garden at an equal distance from the river. A sweet view – sweet to the eye and the mind. Antonia couldn’t help but gaze at Steven, engrossed in conversation with Mr. Marvel, so very proud of all he’d achieved with this rambling and rambunctious estate.
So, for whatever reason, Tony was the luckiest guy in the world. He meets Captain America before Fury has a chance to hide him away and somehow manages to bag
“Say nothing,” Steve hissed with little rancour and Antonia could not cease the smug grin painted across her face, “This does not prove you as a matchmaker, but simply that you made a lucky guess.”
The silence that falls stretches out like thick toffee and Tony gulps first. Steve tracks the movement and it almost looks like Tony goes to speak before Steve’s phone snaps the moment as it buzzes three times in quick succession.
His mind is screaming at him as these memories conjoin and form one echoing statement that is completely Tony and it’s like the man’s image has been burnt onto his retinas. They’ve sewn together in his mind and he can’t pull the stitching apart.
Mr. Hammer turns and inclines his head to Pepper, who blushes prettily at the attention. “Well Miss Stark’s friend, can be one no less to me.” And with that he steps to his place at the table, opens his napkin with a flourish, and the meal begins.
in his eyes, Bruce speaks up about helping Tony strengthen his Kevlar without damaging the flexibility of the suit and Natasha offers him the first cup of coffee, gracing him with a mouth that trembles around a smile.
“You’ve left us no choice, we’ve been sitting on this A+ material for months.” Clint argues, and like that it feels easy, like they’ve done this for years. The group falls into easy conversation and Steve looks at Tony trying to hide his wonder. And his wish that this was real.
“I must admit to being glad of some new company in these parts.” Interjected Mrs. Hammer with all the grace of a carthorse, “it will be good to have some young and elegant company.”
In this state Clint Barton found her, trembling yet firm against volume and insolence. By a most fortune chance his leaving Highbury had been delayed so as to bring him to her assistance at this key moment. He had happened to have borrowed a pair of scissors the night before from Miss Hill and Miss Romanov – and he was obliged to stop at her door to go in for a few minutes, therefore later than he intended, but being on foot had meant him unseen by the whole party until he was closer. He made his presence known quickly, and them being completely frightened, was no better to watch Pepper faint clean away, leaving him no choice but to carry her to Hartfield, some distance away.
Antonia peers out the window to the gardens of Hartfield. Steven’s cousin was running amongst the hedgerows chasing a giggling Miss Ross. Bruce caught her around the waist and smiled down at her, a sight rarely seen from the overwhelmingly quiet man.
“I am ready sir!” Antonia shouts, tone giddy, and she has never felt so wonderful as she does at this precise moment.
“When would I do anything else?” Tony folds his mouth into a grin so full of humour it’s all Steve can do to not pull him back into his arms and kiss the shit out of him.
“This is to say, you chose to have your walk, for you were not six yards from your own door when I had the pleasure of meeting you. When you reach my age you will begin to think letters are never worth going through the rain for.”
But when Tony coughs into the quiet, and asks “So you coming up then? For coffee I swear.” Steve knows he was only kidding himself.
Tony is not even ashamed to admit he lets out a squeak of delight before his eyes are laser focused on Steve slathering lube across his fingers, dropping down the bed to press kisses across Tony’s thighs and whisper a breath across his hole. The gentle exhale makes Tony’s eyes roll back in his head, lost in the sensation.
So, my lovely readers, cheerleaders and everyone in between. I THINK we have one last chapter and then an epilogue which I hope to edit and publish this weekend. Thank you in advance for sticking with this, I appreciate that it has been a long time coming, and hopefully it is worth the wait.
A fact proved wrong when Clint shakes his head, “Nah man, the party’s only just starting. Spirited Away or Howl’s Moving Castle?” he holds two DVDs aloft, bringing them up from goodness knows where.
Antonia was grateful for her life, of course. She knew of the evils of this world, of the poverty she could have been born into had fate been so unkind. And as such, she knew it was indulgent to be churlish toward her circumstance. But she sometimes wished for a mother not quite so tight-fisted in her affections that meant a complete inability to leave anywhere more than ten miles from Hartfield. She watched Bruce, able to come and go as he pleased, and Steve talk of a time in the infantry, of friends from the ton, and wish she could follow them and have stories of her own.
The next time it happens, they are fighting a dragon in the middle of Times Square. Thor is flying around, booming about how it is an unworthy opponent and he will make it rue the day it landed on Midgard, so clearly this beast has been sent by Loki for him to be in such a good mood. Their relationship seems a complex one, based on how much one antagonises the other, but Steve does not question it. He knows that the familiarity in a strange world probably soothes the demi-god, and if that means fighting side by side with him against a scaly foe, so be it.
Steve, however, is noticeably quiet. Normally he chimes in here and there with a dirty joke delivered in a sickeningly dry monotone that has even Natasha cracking a smirk. Tonight, however, he’s perched on a stool beside Sam instead of in his usual spot by Tony’s side
. He can’t feel the rich undercurrent of Steve’s affection he’s come to see as his own. It’s abstract, never consistent with feeling, but always present. He feels it’s absence like a missing limb, and with mounting terror he realises something is very, very wrong.
Tony’s silent a moment before he cracks up, bursting into long streams of laughter so hysterical he can’t stop for a good five minutes. There are tears tracking down his face before he gulps in air, and wheezes “Show your work.”
Mr. Hammer retreated to the card-room, looking all the more foolish. Antonia was spitefully glad, and even made sure to stare down the heated looks of Mrs. Hammer, who was more vocal in her displeasure.
him. And maybe that's why he books into a hotel that is his in a disguise and under his mother's maiden name. He wants him with reckless abandon, and doesn't want to tip off the press, doesn't want to share him with anyone else, doesn't want the perfectly messy lines of his Steve smoothed over in cordial and superhero Captain America. At least not tonight.
She thought much of the perils of the journey for her visitors, as well as the fatigues of her own horses and coachman who were to bring some of the party the last half of the way; but her alarms were needless and the sixteen miles were easily accomplished. Before long Mr. and Mrs. Banner and their newborn – the whole reason for the trip in actuality – reached Hartfield in safety. Once the usual welcomes were dispersed of, Mrs. Stark quickly had the newborn safe in the cradle of her arms, smile beatific across her cheeks, and to all the world it would seem nothing else mattered. Jarvis had the fire roaring, and soon it was all that accompanied the chatter and excitement of the party, safely ensconced in Hartfield’s wonder.
Eyes wide, Tony reaches into the envelope and pulls out two glossy photos. His first thought is that the print of them must have cost Sarah a fortune, heavy with shimmering ink. Then he catches sight of what the photos hold, and find he can’t think much of anything anymore.
“I have nothing to do with your own decision, Virginia. It is up to you to know your own feelings.” Antonia stands up, looking at the letter once, before sitting down beside Virginia, hand outstretched upon Virginia’s shoulder in comfort.
“My best, I would say. My best and my last.” Antonia gazed onto the portrait, “Steven would never sit for a portrait either, always vastly too busy, so I stole this from him one evening he fell asleep in front of the fire at Hartfield. The fire makes for such a warm glow across a portrait I feel. But my mother and I decided never to show him it – far too much a flatterer we felt. Too handsome – and Captain. Rogers would never let me live it down.”
Maria’s eyes turn gentle, “I know you wonder at what will become of her, the curiosity is almost overwhelming sometimes isn’t it? I share your anxiety, but not your worry. I know Antonia is always steered right by you, and how much stock she puts in your opinion. You should never fear losing her support of you. It’s as immovable as Hartfield.”
Steven stops her in a rush, “Oh, no please. Antonia. Please allow me to apologize first, I was improper and out of turn in my words.”
They’ve barely left the apartment when he gets a knock at the door, one that raises to pounding when he doesn’t answer straight away.
“Well?” He asks, voice gruff, and Tony doesn’t have to think twice for what it means. He spares not a second to shake his head, hates the smirk that Howard fits to his face in response.
“Steve, oh my god. Steve.” Tony’s flung himself into Steve’s open arms now, “Yes. Of course the answer’s yes.” He finishes this affirmation with a kiss, desperate and greedy and completely unashamed that he’s in the middle of labs and the supervisor who will mark his module is watching it all. He licks into Steve’s mouth with a groan, tastes the tears running down his face against his mouth, each man’s teeth hitting against the others because they can’t stop smiling.
Insufferable woman! Vulgar woman with her Mr. H and Rogers! With her shock that Captain Rogers should be a gentleman and to call the Marvels, who are more welcoming than most with grace to burn, brash! I have never met her equal!
“I know,” Clint nods, voice solemn and face neutral when he continues with. “I’ve seen it though, it’s a top quality penis. Seriously good work from his parents right there.”
“Wait! Wait! Please stop.” She pulls at his arm once she’s caught up with him, and the look on his face is so
Once Steve was armed with proper ammunition (a steaming cup of Italian roast in one hand and a sandwich in the other) he padded down to the workshop. The walls to it were glass, so he stood and watched Tony work, glad of the brief interlude.
Antonia’s pensive mediations, as she walked home, were not interrupted; but on entering the parlour, she found those must who must arouse her. In her absence Captain Rogers had arrived. He sits opposite her mother, turned away from her so she can only see the muscles bunched beneath his jacket, the vein that beats thickly across the back of his neck.
A week had not passed since Miss Hawkins’ name was first mentioned, before she was, by some means of another, discovered to have every recommendation of person and mind.
Later, when Steve is tending to every cut and bruise, chuckling at Tony’s grumblings and chiding him gently for not telling him to come sooner, Tony will stare at his friend and wonder how he will ever get over how fiercely and passionately he loves Steve.
“Sorry, I don’t know what came over me. That’s not exactly an attractive and healthy thing to admit.”
“And so I made my way to Miss Hill to assure her that the carriage would be at her service before it took us home, for I thought it would make her comfortable. And whilst she was as grateful as possible, to be sure, she impressed upon me that there was no occasion to trouble us – for Captain. Rogers carriage had brought them before coming to you at Highbury, and was to take them home again before it’s return. Such a very kind attention – and so thoughtful and attentive. The sort of thing few men would think of.”
If Captain Rogers did not begin seriously, he was obliged to proceed so, for his proposal was caught at with delight. An invite to Donwell was as prestigious as an invite to Hartfield, and twice as scarce. Donwell was famous for its strawberry beds, and Mrs. Hammer could not stop her mouth running away with her.
Later, Tony will tell him of the silence in the city, the people who crowded in front of televisions watching the news desperately and exchanging stories of the times Steve had helped them, the globally trending #SaveSteve tags on twitter, the shaky Youtube videos of children stood crying watching the news reel in Times Square, and the frantic way the newscasters relayed any scrap of information coming their way on his condition. But right now the words remain unspoken and instead they awkwardly dance around the fact mere hours before he had a meter-long piece of metal sticking out his chest.
He speaks of their little broken family and halfway through a story about Clint’s habit of leaving his romantic novels round the house Tony reaches out and grabs his hand. Steve is so grateful for the contact he has to choke a sob, and he looks up into Tony’s eyes, feeling a crick in his neck from the position he’s assumed for the past week.
Clearly, none of them listen, because the first words out of Bucky’s mouth are, “So Tony, Clint tells me he found you two a minute away from decorating your conference room yesterday.” And Steve can do nothing but inhale the beer he’d just began to sip up his nose ensuring he sounded like a dying cat. And based on the grin Bucky gives him, he knew exactly the reaction he’d intended on.
Rhodey and Pepper leave early next morning at his request, with promises they will come back and drag him out for lunch later. Tony smiles, a broken and limp thing, and tries to summon the energy to nod along. He feels so unbelievably empty.
“Oh Steven! Of course he did not touch me, I would not allow it.” Finally Antonia feels a smile tremble across my face, “Fancy that, I never thought I would see the day a man would offer to duel for me.”
The time passed well, Antonia thick in conversation with Pepper and Steven for a large part of it. She could not bring herself to feel guilty for spending large swathes of time monopolizing the hosts attention, for she felt he enjoyed having his attention demanded so. He could never say no to her with any real success.
I have been assisting Miss Romanov in trying to make her instrument stand steadily, it was not quite firm; an unevenness in the floor I believe. You see we have been wedging one leg with paper. This was very kind of you to be persuaded to come. I was almost afraid you would be hurrying home.”
She had to struggle a moment for her breath, feel idle panic as her mother made quick ‘how do you dos’ before stating that she could see Jarvis waving at her from the bay doors, that she was clearly needed elsewhere, leaving Antonia alone with Steven and her mounting panic.
Mrs. Marvel said no more; face turning stormy, and Antonia could well imagine with what surprise she must be returning to her seat. This was the once amiable, obliging, gentle Mr. Hammer. She looked round for a moment; he had arranged himself not too far from Captain. Rogers, and was arranging himself for settled conversation. He whispered to his wife, and her cackles of high glee could not be smothered long, her stares toward the lone figure of Miss Potts mortifyingly obvious.
“Oh do not bow Steven, it sits so poorly on you.” Antonia grinned, and rose up to bounce on her heels. Steven was the most intimate family friend she knew of. Whilst Antonia might be the lifeblood of Hartfield, Steven was very easily the unshakeable foundations that stayed unchanging throughout her life.
“I must of dreamt it – surely – but I was so sure.” He idles a moment, panicked slightly, changing the subject, “Miss Potts, you walk as though fatigued, you will be glad to be home.”
Mrs Hammer spoke loudly now, “Mr. Marvel,” said she, “your wife did well to stay at home. Some of us might have benefitted if our governesses were here.” The words were pointed, barbed.
Later, he would call it jealousy and Antonia would be gobsmacked that Captain Rogers was capable of such a base emotion, but that was for far later, and private conversations.
This was the occurrence; the Cages had been settled some years in Highbury, and were very good sort of people – friendly, liberal, and unpretending. But on the other hand, they were of low origin, in trade, and only moderately genteel. On their first coming into the county, they had lived in proportion to their income, quietly, keeping little company. But the last year or two had brought them a considerable increase of means – the house in town had yielded greater profits, and fortune in general had smiled on them. With their wealth, their views increased; their wat of a larger house, the inclination for more company. They added to their house, prepared for everybody for their keeping dinner-company; and a few parties, had already taken place. Nothing should tempt her to go, yet when her invite did not arrive (but it did to the Marvels, to the Pyms and Xaviers), she felt the insult keenly.
“Oh very well,” exclaimed Miss Hill from where she sat beside Captain Rogers, “then I need not be uneasy. ‘Three things very dull indeed’, that is tailor made for me you know. I shall be sure to say three dull things as soon as I open my mouth, shant I?” said she, looking to Captain Rogers to share the self-deprecating joke. His answering smile was soft and gentle, reassuring and kind.
Jan had press-ganged him into. Steve is deadly gorgeous in pressed black slacks and a rumpled emerald coloured shirt that looks painted on with the top two buttons undone. Tony finds his gaze often catching on the sliver of Steve's throat that's on show, watching the rise and fall of his husband's chest with a hungry gaze. He wants to mark him, wants with a ferocious possessiveness that would frighten him if he didn't have the gold band around his finger telling him Steve was his in a forged bond as old as time.
They draw closer now, Steve’s eyes impossibly blue, “I would do right by you, and live in bliss.” He says, and Antonia feels like she will float in this cloud of joy forever, “So answer me, please, and send me from this misery I feel, and do me the honor of becoming my wife.” She’s speechless a moment longer, “Antonia please, tell me what do you think?”
“Well shit, Tony. What’s in it for me?” Obie sounds indulgent, sounds like a shark scenting blood. Tony’s walking wounded, feels like if he presses a hand to his chest he’ll find a bloody mess there. But all he can think is
The next chapter shall see the long awaited arrival of our Mr. Clint Barton! Oh and the upset it will bring...
Life is full of percentages. Of calculated risks, and less calculated luck. And Steve is a numbers man. He’s not, by any means, a genius (Bucky would snort at the thought) but he can’t explain the way percentages of success and failure float in front of his eyelids in any given situation. It’s what made him great in the Army, rising through the ranks quickly and quietly before his honourable discharge. It’s what makes him great now as a security consultant.
In order to prevent Mr. Marvel’s knowing eyes digging into her, she thought and realized yet another road block to the ball that never seemed to be able to appear, “Ah!” she cried, “but the Crown is not free anymore for our ball! We may be struck down yet!”
It was perhaps those reasons that she was so quiet (to be fair, a quality most men held in high respect that Antonia had the luck of not possessing) and meek. Steve had argued her case in a heated debate with Antonia one evening.
The husband and wife walked off together, and once out of earshot Clint Barton immediately spoke up, “What a happy couple!” he said, scorn ever so slightly coloring his tone, “How well they suit each other. To think they only knew each other a few weeks. Particularly lucky. Any real knowledge of a person’s disposition cannot be given in any public place. No knowledge can be gained until seeing them in their own homes, among their own set, that you can form any judgement. Short of that, it is all guess and luck, generally ill luck! How many a man has committed himself on a short acquaintance, and rued it all the rest of his life!”
“No, Mrs. Rogers.” He countered, feeling the room going slightly quieter for it. He could feel Antonia’s gaze on him, willing away the flush that was determined to fill his cheeks, “And until she is in being, I will manage matters myself.”
“Have you got yourself into yet more trouble, my dear Antonia?” Steven asks, and Antonia can’t help the rush of giddy heat at being named so affectionately by the Captain.
. I feel like I can feel you in my throat.” Steve can only make a noise of surprised arousal, not sure why he’s even shocked. Of course his perfect beautiful man would be filthy mouthed in bed, its like he was made for Steve.
“You okay?” Steve can’t help but ask, inwardly cursing. Even now, as intimately connected as two people can be, his inexperience betrays him.
“Antonia, what have you done to our Steven?” Maria queries once the doors are shut, and Antonia whirls on her with a glare.
“Please what, honey?” Steve lifts his head from its position to ask, voice cheeky, and he knows Tony can feel that teasing in his skin, watches his lover lift his head from where it’s been thrown against the pillows to look down with a look of incredulity.
Tony isn’t sure whether Steve being here is just a mirage. He wants to reach out and see if his hand passes through Steve’s chest like he is a ghost. But he doesn’t think he could bring himself to let go if it encounters firm flesh.
But that’s a story for another time. Right now his fingers tap the driving wheel in a nervous rhythm.
The officer goes to speak, perhaps sees the devastated look on Tony’s face, the quiet sadness of Sarah’s, and thinks better of a reply. He walks down the makeshift corridor, personnel moving out the way as they pass. Tony doesn’t like the looks of pity, of understanding, as they continue.
“I am fatigued.” She answered almost immediately, stopping Antonia in her tracks, “but it’s not that sort of tiredness that washes over me. Walking will refresh my spirits, for they are wearied so. I have felt exhausted for so long.” Her voice trembled, soft and delicate, causing Antonia to pause, “The greatest kindness would be to let me have my own way, and only say I am gone when it is necessary.”
“The same way we do when we all watch you nearly die on us each time Steve.” Natasha says sadly, “We don’t.”
“Steve wants me for my sleek and beautiful body. Can’t blame him, I am gorgeous.” Clint preens, before Natasha slaps him over the head, “Ow, Nat, rude.”
Maria goes shopping on Rodeo Drive, later, brings back a small envelope nestled amongst the Chanel. The only word on the front is
Now Antonia was quite lucky, that Pepper did not seem so truly attached to Mr. Hammer as to cause any considerable upset. However, she still was grieving the passing of a romance Antonia herself had (with admitted idiocy) heralded as her one true great love. And Antonia hated to say this, but oh it made talking with Pepper tiresome at times! Any possible recollection, any possible memory, and Pepper was back reminiscing of the scoundrel. Why just in the market square this morning she had caught sight of a pair of gloves in a shop window that ‘looked so strikingly like the handsome pair Mr. Hammer had worn last summer, wouldn’t you agree Miss Stark?’.
Antonia barks a laugh at this image, for a wrathful Maria is one to be feared of. Steven grins, beatific across his face. He is still holding her close to his heart; but she does not move to correct him, neither does he pull away, and instead they sway there a moment or two, allowing the quiet to settle around them gently.
“I don’t know, it’s not flowing like the one we did before, I’m trying to get better at writing the other stuff, but it’s not working,” Ty slumped over on him acting dejected but it was only his way of getting Tony to help him.
“Nothing much, just wanted to apologize to him again,” Steve said hoping to sound all calm and casual about it. “We got off on the wrong foot, so I thought I’d try to be nicer to him, plus I feel bad about the whole Captain America thing.”
“What did you tell her,” Tony asked, wanting to twist the knife already in his heart because that’s the only thing he could think of doing just so he could be near Steve for even a little while. “That you wanted to be with her?”
“But how are you friends with my grandmother outside of that,” Steve asked him and Tony should just tell the guy everything, because why have secrets at all. “I mean I understand the book club thing, she had a couple of them.”
Steve took Tony’s hand in his and stood there for a moment looking right into Tony’s eyes, “If no one has ever said that to you, then they don’t know what they were missing, and I’m glad that I’m the one who got the chance to say it.”
“Maybe it’s a thing, I don’t know,” Steve said rubbing his face before running his hands through his hair, and before Tony could say anything, Steve pulled out a sweater with the school’s team name on the front, and Steve’s last name and his number on the back. “So... maybe.”
“Yes Pete, we will be, just let me get through this first, and you guys can join us in the back yard later,” Steve answered, hopefully Tony wouldn’t mind the extra guests, but when he looked over at his boyfriend... was he Tony’s boyfriend... he wasn’t sure about the whole thing since they hadn’t really talked about it, but he hoped that this was something Tony had thought about? There would be time to answer all of that later on.
“Okay, let leave Tony alone before he spills all of our secrets,” Bruce said before dragging Rhodey out of the workshop.
“We know that you and Dad are trying to get everyone back,” Riri said looking at him and he knew she was trying to get out of being in trouble for this. “When dad dropped us off at Aunt Pepper’s we had already known.”
“You know my grandmother,” Steve said shocked at what he was hearing. “How do you know my grandmother?”
“Can you go with me to my family’s Christmas Gala?” Tony blurted out, it was weird, but in his heart, he wanted this he wanted Steve to meet his family.
“Do we know if she had family?” Shuri asked, she was one of the few people who had been friends with Natasha over the years.
“Never mind, it’s nothing, I thought it was just a rumor nothing more,” he said before turning towards the stairs and taking them up two at a time. Hearing Sam yell at him as he rushed off, not wanting to get trapped in the conversation any longer. He wondered if Bucky knew that his girl was a Stark, but he had too, unless he had been too enamored over her to actually ask the question about who she was.
“I’ll believe it when I see it, if this one last past your five-date rule, then I’ll consider it,” he said pulling his arm away. No one lasted past Bucky’s five date rule, because if they didn’t keep him interested after five dates then Bucky knew that it wasn’t worth the effort. “Until then there’s no way I’m listening to you talk about someone Buck.”
Clint at that moment broke down, the tears started coming down fast and faster, “It was supposed to be me. She sacrificed her life for that goddamned stone. She bet her life on it,” he said, and Tony knew that Clint would have sacrificed anything just to see his wife again, he was near suicidal and Natasha had given him a second chance at living happily with his family.
“I’ll do it,” Thor said and they all knew that it was a bad idea, not one of them knew what it would do to any of them, they had said that it had made Thanos’ arm not function after using it not just the one time, but twice.
“I can’t write my story for class,” he said knowing it was the hardest thing in the world for him to say out loud. Numbers were easy, but he couldn’t find his place with his words, and they had been his solace in the hardest of times. “I’ve tried but I can’t.”
“I have to go see my professor in a minute, but when I’m done, we can go, I’m done with my classes anyway,” Tony told them all the while his head was on Steve’s chest, Steve’s hand was going up and down his back comforting him.
“Yeah I would but I don’t want to move,” Bucky lamented like some Shakespeare character, dramatically draping himself on the table.
“We all have regrets in our lives, but I believe what you do from this moment forward will change how others will see you, and maybe how you’ll see yourself. We’re your family now, whether you like us or not we’re going to make sure you don’t stray too far from us.”
“Honestly,” he said just as Sharon placed her hand on his cheek, and he knew at that moment that he didn’t have the same reaction as when he was close to Tony. He heard the door swing open, but he knew that he needed to deal with Sharon and maybe get her to think about Sam a little more. He heard someone curse behind him before the door swung shut once again, leaving him alone to deal with this one issue before going to find Tony.
“But if you could give them their families back,” she said but he knew where she was going. She lost her family, her people suffered great losses from the battle.
“Oh please, the poor little rich boy, it’s my story more than yours you don’t have a claim towards it,” Ty said to him, but Tony only stopped packing when he realized what Ty had said, he had never told Ty who he was, not even that his family had money. “Just because you’re a Stark doesn’t mean you get to have everything.”
“Seriously Scott, that’s what you’re taking away from this,” Tony said feeling exasperated because someone other than Steve was smelling him... even if it wasn’t exactly him. “Yeah, I had it for emergencies. Relax. Can we focus here?”
His mother had been proud of him, his father less so, but only because Tony was the only legitimate heir to the Stark fortune, his father had always been harder on him than on his brothers. Though he hated the man, he took the pain in stride, his brothers took over parts of the company, each working their way up, though Loki mostly worked with their mother’s foundation, as well as working in the Stark Studios division of S.I. Thor took a liking to working in the business side of the company, he had a natural love of science and it helped with the work their father was doing. Clint had taken the role of testing things, there was an official title, but Tony had deemed his job as Stark Industries’ Crash Test Dummy.
It was decided that Thor, would join as well as Nebula, Rocket, Carol and Rhodey, which made Tony a little wary about the whole endeavor, Nat and Bruce also joined in, which left Tony a little scared about losing all of his family in one shot, but he was injured and he couldn’t leave the rest of them behind to fend for themselves, not with all of the Asgardians and the Zandarians with them.
He knew it wasn’t enough, he knew that he was just buying them all some time, because as strong as Steve was, he wasn’t stronger than Thanos.
Almost as if they had summoned their friends, Tony saw Scott walk out of the building holding some tacos in his hand. “I guess it’s lunch time,” Tony said and Steve nodded. Before either could say another word the Benatar landed on the front lawn near where Lang was sitting, Tony snorted when the stuff inside the taco fell out.
When class was over, he just went straight to the library, fearing that Steve would just show up, because of all things in this world, Tony’s roommate was also his best friend and ex all rolled into one. He hadn’t even gone back to his room since the party, he had hidden out in the robotics lab with his bottle of whatever the hell that was, slowly drinking while at the same time creating. That’s how his bot had been finished, in an alcohol fuel haze, and he had been afraid that the whole project would have been a failure on his part. But in the end the bot had come to life and everything kept going, except his own heart.
“People died because they didn’t have a pilot, or a train conductor, more than what the snap caused,” Sharon Carter added her face trained on the growing list of people missing or dead. “There’s no balance at all when more died then lived.”
The blond got startled for a moment before his eyes came into awareness. “I apologize,” he said looking at the center holoscreen.
Backstory, if you're curious, I used to work at a store that had a skylight that went from the first floor (fiction section) all the way to the basement (the part where the children's section was). So, there had always been these weird things happening in the fiction section, books would fall out of the shelves, random stains would appear, things like that. The part that had gone into the basement had been sealed off after someone fallen through the skylight and landed in the basement, and we often wondered if that person haunted the store.
“How long apart are the contractions?” Steve asked as he got his brothers settled into the seats, Peter was bouncing up and down excited.
It was strange to listen to Bruce talk about the Hulk as two different people, but Steve knew it was the truth, he had seen the differences in the two of them, and honestly, he wouldn’t trade one for the other either. They had learned long ago that they needed to treat them as such, and he was glad that Bruce himself had learned to do the same. He could tell that Scott and Hope wanted to ask more questions, they all had questions about something, but they didn’t have the time. Once everyone was ready, they were going to have to move forward with this.
“Oh, look an audience,” Bruce said with a half cheery voice, the man had been making jokes lately and acting differently, but Steve realized that it’s what happened when someone was exposed to Tony for a long time. Bruce looked more relaxed around them, and Steve realized it was really because the man was more at peace than he had been in the past.
“I regret not being able to save my sister,” she said her face stoic. “I regret all of the years I spent trying to please him, I regret that even when I wanted my revenge against him and everyone who wronged me, I went about it the wrong way.”
“Have you ever wondered what would happen if you combined both until you were one being?” Hope asked, Steve knew they were curious, they hadn’t worked with either Bruce or the Hulk before.
“I know,” he said wondering where everything had gone wrong when it came to Clint. “Where are the kids?”
“Okay, but remember the kids are all coming over for dinner, so we all have to stop before they come over, I don’t want them messing with anything,” Tony said, when they had started working on this project they all put time aside for the kids to come visit, a moment for all of them to not have to think about what they were about to try and pull off.
“But for what,” Steve asked as the room studied the screen in front of them. So many eyes on one fixed point, they all wanted the same thing and that was revenge against Thanos. “What’s the point of using them a second time after what he’s done?”
“I’m not going to have it verified, my assistant controls my regular account which is verified, but that one, well it was supposed to be a private post, and I accidentally made it public, but since it was bringing in business I just kept going.”
“Stay,” he said to Natasha before turning towards Steve, “I thought you liked Tony,” Bucky added, and Steve was a little confused about why he was saying that.
Tony called Steve the moment he had gotten the papers in front of him, with two excited teenagers in tow, the Stark family had been complete. The house was big enough for all of them, after a year of work, Clint and family were going to move in the next week as well. Tony knew that if Natasha, or any of the other Avengers were going to show up he would find a way to build them homes as well. This was the best way for them to rebuild their lives, but finding each other and becoming a family.
“If they still love each other then it’s good for them, maybe it’s just that they want to keep that part of themselves private, considering how much press your family gets it wouldn’t surprise me.”
“I was going to ask about that,” Steve interrupted him once again, and Tony knew that the questions about Iron Man’s origins was something that he had never discussed in any of his stories, only the after effects of everything that had happened. “Why do some of the pictures of Iron Man have a glowing light at the center.”
“Because when we made Vision, I transferred Jarvis into him, so Vision sounds like him, but it’s not the same. You see Jarvis had been like my child, I had him for a long time before he became Vision, and when Ultron nearly destroyed him, I felt like a parent losing their kid.”
He was looking at a picture of Captain America and Iron Man on his wall when he made the decision to go, he wanted to talk to Steve, not just about math or Tony’s stories, or their lives, or even coffee, he just want to be near him and talk to him about any number of random things that have popped into his head. It was weird that everything circled back to his relationship, well non relationship right now, with Steve. He stood up and grabbed a cable knit sweater, because as fun as it is to wear Rhodey’s sweaters all of the time, he actually wanted to look nice. Standing in front of the mirror he messed with his unruly curls in hopes of them looking at least a little decent, wondering if he should change his glasses for his contacts, when Bucky kicked the door open, slamming it into Tony’s head.
Tony took a sip and immediately regretted it, not because of the taste but because the coffee was scalding hot. He cursed himself, but tried the drink a second time, and honestly this time it was nice, yes it was strong, but it tasted like gingerbread cookies, it reminded him of Jarvis and his wife and all those holidays that his parents had been too busy.
“What is it?” he asked as he put it to his lips, and drank the still hot beverage. The flavor exploding in his mouth, it tasted like caramel ice cream, which threw him since it was hot and not cold.
“Army we have a problem,” Carol’s voice rung out over the com lines, Tony looked over at Steve before everything outside turned dark and the world collapsed around them. Tony’s last thought was that his kids were somewhere in the compound.
Steve could hear Tony sigh as they went over the same three problems for the third time, it was Steve’s fault honestly, he was distracted by Tony. It was stupid, hell he thought about what Tony had told Bucky about his older brother, and the thought that if he tried anything and messed it up then the same brother would kill him as well. But the smell of Tony was distracting him in so many ways, he smelled oddly like coffee, coconut bodywash and metal if it were possible. He knew that Tony was constantly in the robotics lab working on something, hell he’s seen the little robot on Tony’s desk, he wondered if the thing knew when Steve was staring because he could swear that he sometimes saw the thing move, like it was assessing him.
“Multiple ships just entered the upper atmosphere,” FRIDAY said as they watched them slowly come down.
“You know,” Tony whispered into Steve’s ear, “I wasn’t sure of it before, but I’m almost certain that Nebula, Valkyrie, Bruce and Thor are in a relationship with one another.”
“It was an infectious garbage scowl.” Nebula said and Steve could hear her distain, Steve wanted to laugh, even when Nebula was away, she had picked up enough of Tony’s quirks that it showed when she had any kind of emotion. Tony worked for a long time to get her to come to terms with her past, Thor, Bruce, and Valkyrie even more, when she went to visit them in New Asgard. Nebula had made friends with all of them, and was fiercely protective of Tony, which was good.
“Where are the stones?” Steve asked as they watched Thanos sit down and look around at the destruction he’s caused.
“They were trapped in one of the underground parking lots at Stark Industries out in California, apparently the snap caused a plane to fall, luckily they got back into the building but couldn’t get out until crews started digging,” Natasha told him as she sat on one of the plastic chairs next to the bed. “We’re finding people, and the ones connected to us are being brought here.”
“I’m a freshman,” Tony said looking down at his notebook, it was a plain book nothing special, mainly because he didn’t want anyone to know that he came from money, especially since they didn’t know who he was, and a sure fire way for anyone to know was the notebooks he usually had with him most of which were custom made. “I got permission to be here because Professor Coulson isn’t going to teach next fall and I really wanted to take the class while he was here.”
“It’s not so much that he’s a free spirit,” Tony said to him, understanding where Steve was coming from. “It’s more that he’s guarded against other things, it could be that because you guys lived in a place that was so small, where everything you do is looked at closely, that you hide certain parts of yourself, and at some point, those parts have to come out.”
“Fuck,” Tony said out loud, he felt like a truck had hit him, which wasn’t off if the Hulk was the one slamming into a person. “Oh, we blew it.”
“Why would you try that?” she said as she stood up from where she was and walked over to him. “Why try so hard to bring him back when there’s nothing but pain in his future.”
“Ready.... and kill it!” Bruce said, Hope pulling the lever to shut down the power just as Scott reappeared as he was when they had started.
“Fine, see if any of us help you again you fucking idiot,” Barnes yelled out before leaving the room, Tony quickly followed knowing that he had to apologize for Steve’s behavior, but before he could try Barnes shook his head and walked away.
“Yeah with Tony’s sister,” Steve said and Tony choked on his coffee, because while he knew that Natasha was dating Bucky, he was never sure if Bucky knew that she was his sister, which only confirmed his theory when Bucky looked at him all wide eyed. “You didn’t know?”
The class was an exciting one, even on the first day, they talked about their first writing assignment which was due at the end of September, a collaborative assignment that was their midterm assignment, as well as the final project, which Tony wasn’t sure he was ready for, and it was only the first week. He could write ten thousand words any day of the week, but it’s usually in fanfiction, he’s never written an original piece like the one that the professor was asking for. He had said up to ten thousand words, but Tony wasn’t even sure what he should write about, he wasn’t sure of anything at the moment. It was exciting and he had made a friend so that was great too.
“Yeah,” Tony said feeling defeated for a moment, Natasha wasn’t the only one with another life, Tony being the only actual biological Stark, he couldn’t hide from that life, he didn’t have another last name to hide behind.
“I see a lot of things have changed since I last saw you,” she said an eyebrow quirked up looking at them with a smile on her face.
“I was good today,” he told Pepper as he got his stuff to leave, “Please don’t call me tomorrow, I haven’t really slept in the last few days and it would be nice to have a day off.”
“I know you don’t really want to see me,” Steve started, and Tony wasn’t sure if he could run fast enough to get away from Steve and this conversation. Steve well, one he was taller than him and he was also very athletic if the feel of those muscles the week before had been any kind of indicator. “I have to tell you something.”
“Okay, tell dad I said hi, and that I’ll be home this weekend,” Miles said with a smile before dragging America away. Steve knew that Miles usually spent his free time tagging the city, every once and a while working on a mural somewhere, and while Steve didn’t encourage defacement of property, he loved seeing what his son left behind for him.
The bed shook as she pulled away from the wall and turned to him, her face was angry because Natasha always knew when something was wrong, even when they hadn’t really hung out with one another for weeks, “Who do I have to kill,” she said and he knew that she would do it if he was hurt too badly.
The first time Tony truly felt like they had moved forward in their relationship, farther than he would have thought, was when Steve took him on a picnic and for the first time look like he had come to terms with what had happened. Steve talked to him about everything that he had been doing, how he had accidentally drove all the way to Massachusetts because he hadn’t been paying too much attention.
His only morning part-timer showed up just before opening, which meant that Steve could fix up the shelves in peace while everyone else worked on their own things. If he ended up in the self-help section reading about flirting, well no one should really know.
“Fine, I’ll tell him,” he said admitting defeat. “But now you have to help me clean up the mess in the garage, because I’m pretty sure DUM-E and U made it worse while we were showing.”
“Tony,” he said answering back taking his hand and shaking it, he wasn’t going to tell the guy that all of his classes were upper level classes, he just wanted to be a normal student without anyone knowing anything about him, genius or otherwise.
“Vision has stated that he would like to use the powers that he had lost,” Friday said to them. “He wants to be of use if another battle should arise.”
“They don’t really care, mainly because they leave around five so it’s only the student workers until we close.”
By the end of the day he was ready to pass out, there wasn’t enough coffee in the world to keep him up, but he knew that Ty would be waiting for him and he wasn’t going to let the guy down, not when he was being so nice to him. Plus, Tony wanted to see what they were going to write, he hadn’t worked with anyone after Natasha stopped writing with him, so it would be great to have someone to bounce ideas off of for once. Sitting down at his desk he pulled out a granola bar and a cold brew coffee, all the while packing up his laptop and his special projects notebook, in case he had an idea for his robot, or even the A.I. he had been coding.
“I’m not ready to be Captain America either, but I’m okay with us just being Steve and Tony for now.”
Their new visitor was walked over to them, Steve couldn’t help but look at Rhodes who was smiling like he had just won the lottery, the man was beaming as if the sun had just risen in front of him, “Where’s Fury?” she asked him directly. Nodding at Rhodes before she addressed him, which meant that there was something bigger at play.
“Coffee, tomorrow night eight I guess, I’ll order some food for us,” Tony said with a smile just as they reached the dorm.
“Is it bad that I don’t want to be a Stark for once,” he said slumping into his chair. He needed more coffee for this conversation, but he didn’t want to move at all, he felt lazy for the first time in a while, but that’s because he was relaxed and didn’t have a mountain of work to get through.
“Okay Pops, I hear you,” Miles said his shoulders slumped and Steve knew that it was more about getting caught over actually using his powers. Both he and Tony had encouraged the kids to learn more about their abilities to test their limits, but only within a controlled environment.
Somewhere during the walk from the shuttle stop to Steve’s place, Tony had noticed that Natasha and Jan had both joined them, his mind muddled in the million things he needed to talk to Steve about, on top of everything that he had to finish for the end of the semester. Tony saw the smile on his sister’s face, he knew she was happy, but in his mind, he wondered if he could have the same thing that she did. If it were possible for him to be able to have something that was separate of his family obligations.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said even though they hadn’t established actual boundaries in their so-called relationship, they did go on dates and did all kinds of things together, not just the stuff in the bedroom. Tony had been afraid of actually saying the words I love you after the accident, he was afraid that the moment he said them that Steve would vanish and cease to exist. He was afraid that if he said them that Steve would die and Tony would be alone, and he hated it, his biggest fear was losing Steve. Not just if he died but also if he got bored with Tony and didn’t want him anymore.
“No way to get them back,” Tony said as they fought the Chitari around them, he saw their Nebula not far from them, he knew it was her because of the way she fought, and the glint of her blades as he saw her arm, half of which was destroyed, he really was going to talk to her about maintenance, he didn’t have vibranium growing out of trees.  “Thanos destroyed the quantum tunnel.”
“Good, now eat,” Pepper said before she walked away leaving the two of them in front of two plates of food.
Tony couldn’t help but hug the teenager, he knew May would be happy to see him more than anyone else. “What are you doing?” Peter said as tony gave him a kiss on the head, the same kind he gives to all of his kids before bed time” “...This is nice.”
He didn’t know when he started considering an ancient being one of his closest friends but he figured between literal gods and talking raccoons, Brita was most definitely on the more normal side of the spectrum.
That was…odd, but Bruce had told him the sorcerers had a flair for the dramatics. The inside of the building was done up in dark wood accents, ancient magical artifacts lining every wall. Steve wasn’t sure if magic had a distinct flavor, but he could sense
Steve double taps the photo, giving it a like before he set his phone down. "I do. I sketch here and there when the inspiration strikes, but I haven't had the time to sit down and really pour myself into it like I used to."
Immediately to his left was Thor, who was gladly scarfing down what he deemed the “exquisite Midgardian cuisine,” followed by Tony who even without the appetite of a super-soldier, god, or a Hulk, managed to put away two sandwiches and was well into his third. Bruce had (thankfully) been provided with spare clothes and hyper-focused on his food, leaving just Natasha and Clint, who were sitting next to each other on his right-hand side.
Out the corner of his eye, Tony sees Thor lean down to whisper something in Bruce's ear, blue eyes dancing. Whatever he said makes Bruce laugh, a real one, not the sharp little chuckle that's usually full of self-loathing or sarcasm or both.
to go back to his original timeline. A wave of guilt washed over him. There was still work to be done in his original timeline. Societies all across the universe would have to readjust to suddenly regaining half of its missing population. Not to mention the countless clean up initiatives that were
Tony yelps and nearly drops the fresh loaf of soda bread he pulled from the oven when he sees Steve standing in the kitchen.
He stepped closer to the edge of the cliff, standing in between the two pillars and held his breath. Every fiber in his being was telling him to look down but Steve couldn’t. He couldn’t bring himself to look down and see Natasha’s body lying prone and broken like a puppet who’s strings had been cut.
Later on, he does the same with his shortbread, dipping the sweet buttery biscuit into his coffee. Tony takes a sip from his coffee, barely suppressing the grin of satisfaction that hasn’t left his face since Steve took his first bite. The taste of the whiskey melds sweetly with the butter of the shortbread and lights a fire inside of him in the best way.
Steve was all too happy to leave Vormir and the Red Skull behind, but every part of him cried out in protest at the thought of leaving Natasha behind on such a dreary, hopeless place.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but I didn’t see anybody else carry a nuke on their shoulders into an interdimensional wormhole.”
"Of us," Tony says, whisking all the ingredients together, so it doesn't burn. If he's also avoiding Steve's gaze, well, it's just a coincidence. Milk burns with a quickness when you're heating it on the stove, after all. "Sometimes when I'm bored or need a pick me up, I...look at the fanart kids send in."
,” Tony gestures between them. He won’t dare call it a relationship. “I came onto you out of nowhere and didn’t even stop to think about whether or not you were ready for...anything.” He’s talking in circles and what’s worse is that he
Steve’s heart sunk in his chest. “Bruce. Don’t do this to yourself. This isn’t your fault. It’s no one’s fault. Pepper and Tony have a good thing going on. I guess we just got comfortable up here.”
He walks further into his living room, and Steve rises to meet him until they're standing chest to chest. Tony has to look up at Steve, but Steve's never held it over him like others. It should scare him, how small Steve makes him feel. But Tony doesn't feel helpless.
"God, these guys are like roaches," Clint says, cutting through the silence, tossing his tablet down on the table. "They could survive a nuclear winter."
Tony grumbles, “Same difference,” making Steve laugh. His laugh soothes something inside of Tony; it’s like a balm for the soul.
. And they would be a family again. He knew in his bones that the six of them, they would always find each other, regardless of what timeline, hell, what
"No," Steve said and stooped down to retrieve his waterskin. "I need to pay more attention to my surroundings, apparently."
“This has got to stop,” Rhodey says as soon as Tony answers his video call. Tony had heard that phrase a lot throughout his life, but never about something he was
Tony shrugs. Hill already thinks he’s a jackass, and he has no issues playing the part. “Sue me for working on the thing that saved your life, my life, all of New York—“
For all the space in his chambers, Steve felt as if somebody had shoved him into a cell. Sweat beaded under his collar that had less to do with his blazing fireplace and more to do with the courtesan eyeing him with the curious gaze of a scholar.
Tony can't say he's paying attention during the debriefing. It's hard to when every time he closes his eyes, all he sees is pink exposed flesh. Thor had been looking for Loki's staff. They had let it stay in SHIELD's custody in 2012 and two years later were kicking themselves for it. He said that he tried to follow its magical signature, and it had led him to...that girl. Or what was left of her.
Tony had been quiet the whole drive up, his eyes still vacant of anything remotely resembling the man Steve had once known. He knew the guilt was eating him up inside, it wasn’t any different then what Steve was feeling himself, but Steve needed to be the stronger one for once and not let everything fall onto Tony’s shoulders. When he pulled up to the house, he noticed just how run down it was, but it was something that they could work on together.
“I don’t mind at all Tony,” Steve said before pulling Tony out of the car and holding onto him. “Nope not at all.”
“It wasn’t really a date, I mean, I don’t know why I called it that,” Tony felt his cheeks heat up, he just wanted to tell Steve the truth for some reason. Instead of being put out by what he had said Steve just grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the campus store a really big smile on his face.
Of course, this had started a catalyst in the Stark house, because a few years later they adopted a little boy named Clint, who as it turned out would be as much of a trouble maker as Loki had turned out to be. The two were barely months apart in age and there had been times when Jarvis, the family butler, and Ana, his wife and the family chef, had been at their wits end with the two. But the house had never been so alive, and it gave Howard a reason to act like a father to the three rowdy boys. Maria often times watched them as they blew up one thing or another, laughing at the antics of her boys, it had been one of the reasons why they had moved to a different part of the city, buying up an entire city block to create their home. That sprawling New York mansion that to this day feels too big for anyone to live in.
Tony had seen what that thing had done to Hulk’s arm, he’s heard from Steve about what it had done to Thanos’s arm five years before. If he did this he knew that he wasn’t going to survive, there was no coming back from this, if had had more time he would have been able to make his suit control the power of the stones, but they hadn’t thought this would have happened.
“We have to try Tony,” Steve said to him, taking his hand, while Tony’s other hand gripped the wheel of the car. “I know you’re scared, I’m as scared as you are, but we can’t live like this anymore and you know it. It’s the reason why you worked on the time travel paradox or whatever that is.”
“Oh, look. It’s like a little puppy, all happy and everything,” he said before making his voice sound like he’s talking to a puppy, “Do you wanna go to space? You wanna go to space, puppy? I’ll get you to space.”
“Bruce, you weren’t made for anything,” Hope said to him. “We’re all just here because of circumstance, it could have been anyone.”
If there was one thing that Steve was going to hate about this mission it was the fact that he couldn’t stop the Hydra agents from taking the scepter to Sokovia, to stop the experimentation that would happen with it. He wouldn’t be able to stop SHIELD from crumbling the way it did, because if they changed anything in this timeline who knows what would happen to these Avengers. The only thing he could do was act as one of them, just to get the stone, because they needed it, and hopefully they would be able to fix any damage they’ve made afterwards.
“Stevie was my first everything,” Bucky continued ignoring Tony’s apology. “He was my first friend, first love, first kiss, and I knew it wasn’t going to last from day one, we could be friends, but we sucked as a couple. But I know him better than anyone, so this blindsided me a little.”
“You didn’t have to run here,” Tony said even though he was secretly happy, because for a moment he felt like the world was closing in on him. Even with the lights on the paths it still felt too dark near where he was standing.
“No,” Pepper said though Tony knew that he could convince her at some point. “I think we should do something local.”
“How do you think it’s going?” Natasha asked him as they watched everyone walk around looking through the books, or drinking coffee.
“Yeah I know,” Steve said to him an amused look on his face. “The story changed around that time because he wanted to bring it into a more modern setting, because he wanted to find a way to tie it in with the Spider-man series, hence the time jump.”
“Do you think that we could get a move on,” Scott said looking around at the destruction around them. “There’s a lot happening and I really don’t want one of those leviathan things falling on me.”
“Yeah well our resident therapist got dusted so we’re going to have to deal with everything on our own,” Tony said feeling guilty as he said it, he wasn’t close to Sam Wilson, he wishes that he had been closer to the man, but the divide was already there between his world and Steve’s. As he thought about it all he looked at the stillness inside of the cradle, Vision inside, but nothing was truly working. “Do we still have the notes on the stone?”
“Would you believe me if I said I just couldn’t stay away?” he asks, sliding his hands into his pockets.
Tony pursed his lips as if he were thinking over what he was going to say. "You're disciplined," he said after a moment. "And cautious."
The lamb meat falls off the bone. Steve dips his soda bread into the broth, lets it soak up the flavor. The sweetness of the currants and the savoriness of the stew are like a symphony of sensation in his mouth.
Steve places his palm directly over Tony's chest like he's trying to reassure himself that it's still beating. Tony puts his hands over Steve's, effectively trapping him.
“Her name was Elena Senn. She was 24 years old with a reported history of debilitating depression and anxiety which ultimately led to her losing her job as a software engineer and home.” There’s a rigid set to Natasha’s face as she presents her research like she wants to break something in half.
“I could show you a whole new world,” Tony said when they broke apart for air. “All you have to do is say yes.”
“I could always make you a suit, you know. All you’d have to do is ask. You, me and Rhodey, we’d be…the Iron Trio.”
“Rock and roll ain’t noise pollution,” he sang under his breath. He envied the lyrical growl of Brian Johnson’s voice, Tony’s voice being much softer and smoother than his.
“Stop when you feel like there’s enough,” Jarvis instructs, standing next to the dark haired little boy who can’t be no older than eight.
Comments, kudos, and bookmarks aren't necessary but they're much appreciated! When you guys give me feedback, I know what I'm doing right, what I'm doing wrong, and what you guys want to see more of.
“Hold me, touch me, love me, help me,” she croons as Tony rakes his nails down Steve’s back. The super-soldier hisses and burrows his face into the crook of Tony’s neck as she sings, “Be the first who ever did.”
unassuming but Steve of all people knew that looks were deceiving. He had finally caved and Brita (he hated when she was right) had slipped him a pamphlet for a local art therapy session during their last morning tea time.
Steve, damn him, doesn’t take the bait. The corner of his mouth lifts up in a facsimile of a smile. “Something like that,” he says.
“I think there’s a girl in HR who’s trying to steal some printer ink, you should probably go over there and zap her.” And with that, Tony put his phone in the wine fridge, effectively ending the conversation. Was it a little mean, maybe, but Happy could handle it. He’d been putting up with Tony’s bullshit for years.
"You sure you're okay?" Steve asks, scanning Tony from head to toe. Steve can see through him so easily, his skin might as well be made of glass.
. And what had come before that? Steve implying that Tony was nothing without the suit. Granted, everything Tony did was bright and flashy and meant to grab somebody’s undivided attention but that was just who Tony was at his core. And given what Tony had done in the original timeline, what he had been
“No,” she says slowly as if to weigh her words. “He wants you too much. I don’t think he could give you up even if he wanted to.”
“Hey, soldier?” Tony asked, stepping into the kitchen while looking down at his phone. “What do you think about
Slowly, Steve opened the briefcase. The stones glowed vibrantly within their case. Such tiny, beautiful objects and yet they had caused so much death and destruction. Steve hated the mere sight of them. Meanwhile the Red Skull’s gaze focused in on the stones, a deep longing making itself known in his face. Steve held the briefcase closer to himself.
Brita’s brilliant blue eyes softened. “Believe it or not, Mr. Rogers, I’m starting to care about your well-being.”
"Don't worry, Bruce." Steve knew the mission like the back of his hand. Return the stones. Don't get caught. Haul ass back to the present. What did it say about him that
Tony could sleep when he was dead, but lying to Rhodey wouldn’t help at all. When you were friends for as long as them, you had a hard time getting things past the other.
Steve should have let him go. After all, it had been his idea to send him to an inn, but...the courtesan's words had stung, and Steve had always been too stubborn for his own good.
"Oh, really?" Steve asks, bracing his arms on either side of Tony's head. "We're gonna pretend you weren't begging for it, huh?"
go. “Let us go, or you’ll never find peace,” she had said, her eyes shining bright with earnestness.
So far, the Mark 42 would only come when he made the correct gestures. It was convenient, but if Tony was immobile (which happened far more often than he liked to admit) then the prehensile suit would be useless. Unless the suit could react to his brain waves.
It's cliche, but Tony swears he can see fireworks going off behind his eyelids. Steve's lips are warm and soft and pliant against his. Tony deepens the kiss and slides one of his hands into Steve's hair, the other remaining on his face. He can taste the remnants of cotton candy on Steve's mouth.
Steve was ready to finally end it. He had two stones left to go and then he could finally go home. But where was home? In the 30s, home had been a cramped little one bedroom apartment he had shared with Bucky in the middle of Brooklyn. Then, in a second so brief that if you blinked, you’d miss it, home had been Peggy and a three bedroom house with a white picket fence. After the ice, he hadn’t had a home. That sad little SHIELD issued apartment hadn’t been a home to him. Not until 2012. Then his home had been the Avengers. It had been the Tower and the Compound. It had been Tony shuffling into the kitchen with wild hair and sleepy eyes grasping around for coffee. It had been Natasha’s secretive little smile like she knew something about all of them that they didn’t. It had been Thor’s booming laugh, one arm strewn across Steve’s shoulders and the scent of Bruce’s chicken curry permeating the community kitchen and Clint snarking back and forth with Tony with a shit-eating grin on his face.
Tony broaches the topic of Carmen’s carnival at dinner and immediately braces himself for the worst. He’s not a pessimist by any means, but he sure as hell doesn’t expect the best from people whenever he asks them for a favor.
A golden suit piece came to him, attaching itself to his leg. Almost immediately, another piece flew over at rapid speed, nearly hitting Tony in the head as it embedded itself into one of the glass panes protecting his old suits. Another piece jetted towards him and Tony, raising a gauntleted hand, knock it aside into a nearby set of pipes. He winced. Pepper was not gonna be happy when she saw that.
Before Steve could open his mouth, Tony beat him to the punch. Stroking the mane of his mare as if in thought, he said, “You’re quite right, sir, although, I will say I’ve found that horses tend to have better breeding.”
He’s not sure if it’s the knowledge of his forthcoming demise or something else, something more potent than he’s ever felt in his life, but she’s never looked more beautiful and the urge to say or do something has never been stronger.
Steve had called him a handful of times since Tony had moved. Tony never answered. Not a single one. But if Captain Steven Grant Rogers was anything, it was persistent, Tony could give him that. So Steve left voicemails. Tony listened to each one. They weren’t too long, usually about a minute and only consisted of updates on Steve’s life.
“Is that cool with everyone?” AJ asked and at their agreement, she pumped her fist. “Sweet! I can’t wait to see what you guys did! Who wants to go first?”
And it was the truth. Steve remembered the day clearly. It had been some time after he had come out of the ice. He had had no friends to see, no family to visit, no missions and was at a complete and utter loss at what to do with himself. The bike had been sitting in a junkyard, an old forgotten relic from the past and he knew he couldn’t just leave it there to rot. It had taken him some time to fix it on his own, but it had given him something to do.
“I managed to wrestle it away from Loki before he disappeared.” Steve strode towards the closet, praying that his suspicion was right. He felt around blindly before his hands curled around the staff of the scepter.
After living together for several months and bearing witness to many of the man’s brave (and stupid) exploits, Tony, Steve decides, is an enigma. He’s a contradiction, a logic puzzle that sits at the back of Steve’s mind and in his idle moments, he wants nothing more than to piece him together and make sense of the puzzle.
to the point where I was inspired to write this sequel where Tony and Steve are dumb and have sex with each other repeatedly. Sounds good? Good. If you stumbled upon this and haven't read
"Breathe for me, baby," Steve says, and it hits Tony then. This is the first time they've had sex. All of their other moments had been fleeting, full of fevered grinding and hot mouths and rough hands when they had time to spare.
“And that’s where I come in,” AJ said. She turned to look at every single one of them and said, “At the end of the day, my main goal is for you guys to walk out of this room feeling relaxed and
Steve chuckled, ducking his head, all of the tension leaving his body at once. “Tony,” he said, grinning brightly.
. First of all, it's too complex to be shoved into one category, and friends with benefits sounds juvenile.
He's landed in a snowbank, thankfully. Tony always knew that there was a possibility that his suit would be his coffin, but he didn't want to bite the dust just yet.
"Every painting, every sculpture, every drawing, is an artist baring their soul for the world to judge for generations to come," Steve says. "And isn't that just the scariest thing you've heard?"
"They got close today," Steve says. His brow is furrowed, a scowl twisting his features. All of Tony's hard work, trying to get Steve to relax, down the drain. "Too damn close."
and him alone. Rumlow could kiss his ass. The thought of Tony with that brute damn near sent him into a frenzy, and the next thing he knew, he had Tony shoved up against a tree. Tony's cock pressed against his own through the confines of their trousers.
He didn't blame her, though. Had he not jumped at every chance to hook up with Steve like his teenage self would have wanted?
Once again, I apologize for the long wait but I'm back now, fully comfortable with Tony's POV, and will hopefully get back to my regular posting schedule, God willing. Thank you to everyone who has left and continues to leave such nice comments at the end of each chapter. They truly mean a lot to me. I hope you all enjoyed Tony's POV and that I did my boy justice. You all know the drill! Kudos, comments, and bookmarks aren't required but they're much appreciated. Follow me on
“Seems like you’re stuck with me for a year, boy wonder,” Rhodey had said laying down on the bed languidly.
The omelette comes out blackened and burnt on one side and undercooked on the other and in that moment Tony hates the arc reactor with a ferocious intensity, wants to rip it from his chest, consequences be damned.
," Tony says. Steve's still looking down. He doesn't know where he gets the courage, but he cups Steve's face and makes him look at him. "You hear me? I'm not afraid of you."
His breath hitched when the courtesan blinked up at him. The kohl made his eyes more prominent and so soft; doe's eyes. This close, Steve could see flecks of gold in them and his hands itched for his paints and canvas.
He says so, and Steve fucks him again, all slow and deep now that they've taken off the edge. Tony spreads his legs willingly, pouring all of the love he has in his body into every kiss, every caress to Steve's skin. He didn't have the courage to say it just yet, but he wants Steve to feel his love. It takes them no time at all to come again, Tony's toes curling, his fingers sinking into Steve's skin.
Once Hailey was finished, they all looked at Steve expectantly. “Believe it or not crash landing a bomb-laden aircraft into the Arctic and waking up in the future
“I have ideas,” Barton says, and Tony flashes back to Afghanistan, to three months of darkness and dampness and death, and he understands Barton’s rage.
Tony tested the handle of Steve’s door. It twisted in his grasp, meaning he had left it unlocked. That was a good sign. If Steve truly didn’t want Tony to bother him, he would have locked the door.
If Steve closed his eyes he could pretend. He could pretend that the boat they had pushed off the shore didn't carry a body, that the taste of dust and ash still didn't coat his tongue, that Tony was
The bright blue glow of the arc reactor illuminated the hollows of Tony’s face. Tony’s unstyled hair, fell into his doe brown eyes that shone with unshed tears. Tony hadn’t even shaved, his usual neat goatee fuller and unkempt at the edges. “You think so? You think there’s a chance?”
Tony's already hard and straining against the confines of his boxers. He can feel Steve, hard and leaking pre-come through the thin fabric of his boxers.
Bucky grumbled under his breath, and Steve felt the tightness in his chest loosen. His father hadn’t denied him an audience outright. He would make sure his father heard what he had to say. But first, he would enjoy the lovely day before him with friends. Well, mostly friends.
“I was just trying to return the favor,” Tony had said, covered head to toe in flour and eggs. “Honestly, even I have no idea how I screwed up this badly.” Instead, Steve had just laughed until his stomach ached, ordered a pizza (Brooklyn style of course, Steve wasn’t a heathen), and settled down to watch a movie with Tony. Tony had pushed for
Sam stepped forward. "You know if you want, I can come with you." The utter sincerity in Sam's eyes nearly made him choke up. Waking up in an entirely new century was enough to drive anyone crazy, but having a friend like Sam, who had always been there for him, who had fought by his side, no questions asked, Steve was thankful for every day he spent with the man.
“He’s hyperventilating!” Tony shouted, running towards him and crouching down. That was weird? When had Steve gotten on the ground?
"Hm," Natasha says. Tony's still learning how to speak Natasha fluently, but it's apparently enough for Clint.
Peggy had drawn a pistol on him as soon as she saw his face and he wouldn’t have expected any less from her. It took some time before she finally lowered the pistol she had aimed square between his eyes. Then she slapped him with enough force to the point where if he had been a normal man, his head would have jerked to the side. When he had caught her gaze once more, her chocolate eyes had gone glassy with unshed tears.
Hill holds up a hand to get him to shut up. In it is a black, unassuming flash drive. “Spare me the lecture,” she says, setting the flash drive down on his table. He’s surprised she remembered he doesn’t like being handed things.
He wasn’t sure if it was the extended trips through time or being in such close proximity to a younger version of himself, but with every step he took towards his younger self, Loki’s scepter in hand, he felt a skull-crushing pain in his head, like someone was slowly screwing needles into his brain. Gritting through the pain, Steve carried on, placing the scepter in his younger body’s hands before dragging him off to a nearby closet, away from prying eyes. He’d probably awake with a hell of a headache but at least the scepter would be safe. All that was left was the Time Stone.
He had spent many summers there as a boy, with his easel and his charcoal, sketching to his heart's content. He would do no sketching today.
“Close, but no,” Rhodey says and Tony loves him even more for that. “I want some candied yams. Don’t even need anything else with them.”
“It’s not about the Hulk. It’s about me. Just me. Every time I think I can settle down, everything always goes to the dogs. It’s like I jinxed myself.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, in lieu of a greeting. “I didn’t send for you. I can…I can arrange for a servant to prepare a room for you, or if you would prefer to stay at an inn, that could also be arranged.”
Perhaps the look they shared had been nothing of importance…or perhaps it was the clandestine glance between two secret lovers.
Tony arches a brow at Romanov. She’s a clever one, she has to be for her line of work, but Tony’s clever, too. He knows that to beat her at her own game, he has to play into it.
It’s not like Steve was expecting things to fall perfectly back into place. He knew life in the tower wasn’t going to be like it was before Thanos, before the Accords, before Ultron. But he still hoped. There were days where Tony would waltz into a room, bright-eyed and fidgety despite spending nearly the entire day in his workshop, and say one thing or another that would send Steve’s mind flying back to his past and it would be like he had never left his original timeline. Other times, Bruce and Tony acted like complete strangers, and he supposed they were complete strangers to each other at this point, which made it even harder for him to pretend he didn’t know nearly everything about them.
He continued, “I’d be happy to come to an arrangement with you…depending upon Madam Natasha’s approval.”
Steve practically pins Tony down with his gaze. Tony wets his lips and finishes with, "We trust each other. Alright?"
Rhodey sits up and the pillow falls from his face and into his lap. “I’m starving, Tones,” he said. “You know what I would die for right now?”
Steve gives him a crooked smile. Tony’s not...disappointed, per se, but he wouldn’t have minded it if Steve had lost control again.
“Seriously,” Tony says. “Now that we know that beings like Loki and Thor exist, shouldn’t we be prepared for others like them?”
A second finger joins the first, stretching Tony to the point of discomfort. In the back of his mind, Tony had always
“Well, then it’s a pleasure to meet a knight who holds such esteem,” Tony replied with a genuine smile. Dugan returned the smile; You could always trust him to be a friendly face.
"That's blasphemous, Rogers," Tony says. Worship. Like he's something pure. Like he's someone worth loving.
The party truly starts when Natasha lands the quinjet. Bruce emerges, already going green, and it's through him that they're able to bust down the doors and breach the base.
He looked over at U. That was most definitely smoke. A fire had broken out, probably from one of the suit pieces and where was DUM-E? Still sweeping away in the corner. Of course.
That…wasn’t the reaction he had been hoping for but he supposed it must have been shocking to come home from a long day of work to what was basically a robot sitting on your couch.
. The stench of it threatened to choke him, the scent of rotting earth and decaying bodies and blood, so much blood. As he crept across the rock, looking for steady ground, he swore he could hear screaming in the distance.
Tony let out a bitter laugh. “Haven’t you heard, Cap? Iron Man, yes, Tony Stark not recommended? I thought Natasha’s report was pretty telling. You’ll be fine. Rhodey has the War Machine armor and JARVIS can pilot any of the suits.”
Steve had thought it was another one of Tony's jokes. The thought of a man like Tony Stark, with the life and energy of a burning star,
"Turn around," he murmurs to Steve. Steve does as he's told, and Tony grabs a spare loofah and his body-wash, working it into a good lather. He scrubs Steve's shoulders and his back, his fingers working on loosening any knots he comes across. Steve carries so much tension like he's Atlas, forced to bear the weight of the world on his shoulders for all eternity.
“I must have called it in my sleep,” he found himself explaining. “That’s…that’s not supposed to happen. I’ll recalibrate the sensors. Can we just…just let me,” Tony could barely find the words. “Just let me catch my breath, okay?”
Sweat beaded at Tony’s temple as his breath came out in uneven huffs. He would have to work on the ventilation system of the suit.
"I'll say," Steve says, and there's no hiding the awe in his voice. "I can't believe some of these rides even exist."
about the Time Stone but for the life of him he couldn’t remember. He just remembered the pain. And her kneeling beside him. And then the darkness came.
In that moment, Tony can’t help but think of what Howard would say if he saw them. “Quit being childish,’ he would sneer, his face turning down into a frown Tony was all too familiar with. “This behavior is unfitting of a Stark.”
The wail of Brian Johnson’s rendition of Rock and Roll Ain’t No Noise Pollution was replaced by a funky rendition of Jingle Bells. Tony closed his eyes, letting the music wash over him. His hips took on a life of their own, swaying to the smooth rhythm.
“No need to thank me, Cap,” Tony said. “I’m not really a bike man, but getting to work on a beaut like this? An absolute treasure. I’m gonna need you to shift her into neutral.”
Hey...I know it's been a minute but, I'm not dead. Life got real crazy since I last updated. Me and my entire family ended up getting Covid in April and are literally just now getting back to normal. Just family drama, death, everything. My motivation to write has just been extremely low. I do want to see this fic through to the end though so I stayed up all night working on it for you guys. Hopefully, I'll be able to get back into my groove soon.
Mere seconds later, Steve's landing near them from seemingly nowhere, looking ready to kill. His eyes looking over Tony, "You okay?" he says, his voice rough.
Their dorm building has a community kitchen that’s only ever used for late night experiments by the Chem majors. Tony swears he’s heard explosions from the kitchen before, but that doesn’t deter him. And he’s so
Eventually the need for air wins out and Tony’s pulling away from him. Steve wants to chase his lips but he settles for leaving his hands on Tony’s waist. They feel like they belong there. Likewise, Tony leaves his arms wrapped around Steve’s neck.
The night had started off well enough. Rhodey had been in town for an entire week and the entire mood in the tower had lifted because of it. Tony had immediately demanded that the other man cancel his reservation at his hotel and to stay with them in the tower until he had to leave. Rhodey had protested but Tony had given him his patented Tony Stark Pout™ and Rhodey was a goner. They had spent the entire week goofing around the tower like little kids. Rhodey had sworn his revenge on Tony for pelting him with eggs during their first (of many) food fights, and had retaliated by pouring glitter into Tony’s beard oil, with help from Steve. Tony’s howl of outrage that next morning could practically be heard across the top three floors of the tower, only drowned out by Rhodey’s victorious cackle. Steve loved every moment of it.
Steve was the first to arrive and he couldn’t help chuckling to himself. It seemed like even in this timeline, some things were never going to change.
“I owe you nothing, you snuck in here without permission, all you get from me is a hug and that’s it.”
“No, you’re being very Hulky,” Scott replied, and if anyone else hadn’t known that Bruce was the Hulk, they would have thought it was a joke.
“Enough, I just want to make sure that you take care of each other if you’re going to do this,” she told him. “I don’t want something to happen to either of you, it would devastate those kids, but I also know how badly either of you would take it.”
“Model rendered,” she said as she finished, Tony wasn’t sure about anything but he was amazed as the model completed itself. It was the best he could do, which was a lot, and he knew he should have Shuri and Bruce look it over, but he knew that it was perfect.
So, it wasn’t a surprise that the one day that Tony had gone with Steve to one of his meetings, that the two of them would end up coming back with another kid. Though finding him was something that was evitable in so many ways. He was the youngest kid in Steve’s therapy group, but for the whole meeting he had stayed quiet, until Steve started talking about being from Brooklyn and what it felt like to see how much it had changed since his deep freeze.
“Fuck off Bucky,” Steve said crossing his hands over his chest, his face in a permanent scowl that honestly Tony thought was adorable.
“What is Vormir?” Natasha asked, her voice in full business mode as she took notes on everything they were saying.
“Well, they are my colors, though those rings are going to be burned forever because I don’t think we should have that kind of power… ever.”
“What do you think is coursing through my veins right now?” Thor said trying to make himself feel like the bigger man, and not the man who has been struggling with defeat for five years.
When morning came, and Tony could only feel Steve behind him on the bed all he could realizes was that this was it, either they fixed everything, or they lost for good. He wanted this moment for himself just for a moment, because somewhere out there, there was a universe where they weren’t together. Just the thought of losing that, losing what he had was enough to make him turn around burrow himself further into Steve embrace.
They went back to the front of the ship, no one saying a word otherwise, the rest of the trip was a quiet one for all of them. Even as they got off the ship greeted by those left behind, they couldn’t bring themselves to say anything more than the truth. Tony left soon after the words had come out of his mouth, Steve still holding onto the jar that said Peter’s name. Everyone walking off, Thor talking to the last of his people, Bruce next to him seeking comfort from people who he had become friends with. Natasha going to Clint, hugging the kids telling them that they would be alright, they would find a way. She was still holding onto a bit of hope, when Steve was ready to give up.
“You could not live with your own failure. And where did that bring you? Back to me,” Thanos started, and of course the fucker was going to monologue, he was a villain, but it just pissed Tony off to have to hear him say anything at all. “I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive. But you’ve shown me that’s impossible. And as long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.”
He watched as Miles stiffened next to him, and Steve knew that his son was hiding something, he gave him a knowing look before hearing America sigh next to him.
“I thought you said five,” he said already complaining as Nat and Jan both plopped themselves down on his bed. “I wanted to get some sleep at least.”
“Listen, if you want to wait in my room for your boyfriend, you can, but I would prefer if he hadn’t given you a key,” Tony told him, he knew that something had gone wrong at some point because he wasn’t dating anyone and while the words were cutting into him, he knew it was a violation of Tony’s privacy when he had been alone in the room.
“Is your picture up there?” Tony asked and Steve could see that he was itching to get up, Tony was never one to sit still for very long.
“So, do I but we need you here,” Steve told him as he sat down and took his hand, before taking a deep breath. “I need you here, because if you’re not I don’t know what I would do with myself, there’s so much happening all at once, and I don’t know what would happen if we were all lost out there.”
“Yeah... sure,” he wasn’t sure why this whole thing felt awkward to him, it was just a guy, well one that had caught his attention but at the moment it felt like he had no right to want anything with Tony. “I’ll make sure to wait until Bucky is around,” Steve said softly. “And he’s not my boyfriend, he’s just my best friend, hopefully you and I can become friends too at some point.”
The feeling of Steve watching him was enough to get him going, Tony took his time ripping through each side before taking the scissors in his hand and cutting the elastic band on the pajamas leaving Steve bare for him. Steve was the kind of person that preferred to not have underwear one when they slept. Though because they lived in a building full of people, and some very nosy Avengers, he always wore these cotton pants to sleep. They were easily breakable, and Tony loved it because it was smooth against his skin whenever Steve’s legs were wrapped around his. Tony usually slept in his boxer shorts and a shirt, mostly because he was covering the reactor.
“Alright everyone suit up,” Steve said grabbing his shield as they all took positions, Scott and Hope both ready standing together, Shuri behind a glass wall, Tony activated the suit, but he saw an uneasy look in Steve’s eyes and he wasn’t sure what to think about it.
“I love my mom, she’s great, yeah she had to raise five kids while my dad worked all of the time, she always made sure that we had her attention, my older brothers were around a lot when I was growing up, dinners and family things, but they always made time for me and Nat, and that’s because of our mom,” Tony said a fond smile on his face as if he were remembering. “She always talked about how she had a huge family growing up, she’s Italian, and she missed that, she was an only child, with a lot of aunts and uncles, a million cousins, but when her parents moved to the states, they came over without all of that.”
“A special M.I.T. sweater just for you,” Rhodey said before pulling off his own sweater, “And it still smells like me, so that means when you get back to your school it’ll help repel all of the stupid people.”
“A story,” he said before thinking about what to say. “Once upon a time, a girl went to bed. The end.”
By the time Steve had come back, Chinese food in hand, Tony had typed up the whole story, like he had been possessed by something telling him to finish, and closed it up his computer. When he looked at the clock, he realized that Steve had been gone for over an hour.
If sleep was what he had wanted, he would have gotten at least a few peaceful minutes before Natasha would show up but in the end, it didn’t happen since Tony had been rudely awakened by Natasha’s insistent pounding on his door.
Tony was never going to get used to traveling like that, he was certain that anything and everything he has ever eaten in his life was trying to hurl its way out of him. Steve as usual was behind him, all buff and perfect as ever, rubbing circles around his back.
There was no getting over what Ty had done, and hopefully this date, and the whole weekend could erase it for good, because Tony didn’t want to deal with it if they ended up in the same class next year, they still had one more class with Professor Coulson before they left for break, since they didn’t have a final the class was mostly for their professor to give them his feedback on their stories. This was the end of the semester, and he hoped that whatever deal Ty and his father had been trying to accomplish would die a horrible death. Until the time came, Tony was content with being with Steve, and having a little fun on their date.
They were in and out of the flower shop, he knew that Tony wanted to ask a million questions, like whether Mr. Fury looked like his comic book counterpart, but since Mr. Fury was out of the shop at the moment, Steve was glad to be able to skip that question. Especially if it got around to why Fury had an eye patch, and how did a flower shop owner become the head of a super-secret organization.
“Whoa, whoa. Hey! Buddy,” his other self said as he addressed the Hulk, “What do you think? Maximum occupancy has been reached.”
“No not really, Tony was just going to help me out with some stuff for that math class, so you can take it,” Steve said and Tony didn’t want to think too much about them being alone together, not after the conversation they had just had. They were just friends nothing more.
He tried to move only to have them all telling him to sit back, all he did was slump down in defeat, he hated being in medical, but it was nice to have them worry about him. He noticed that behind Rhodey others had joined. Barton was standing next to Nebula and the racoon, next to them were the Zandarians, and behind them was Thor.
It was quiet for five seconds after the door closed before Natasha turned to him, “So, this is interesting, you know, me dating your roommate who also happens to be your boyfriend’s best friend slash ex.”
Steve waited to see if Tony would acknowledge him, he was surprised when Tony looked over at him and gave him a small smile. “Kidnapped me did you?”
“Sure was. That's extortion,” yup that was all Steve right there, he was the one with those great big puppy dog eyes, the ones that got Tony to do whatever the man wanted. “Great minds think alike. Juice Pops, exactly was on... my mind.”
“Bruce bring Scott back before these two get any weird ideas,” Steve said keeping an eye on the other two, as they started laughing again.
Shuri nodded before taking the handlebars on the wheelchair and moving him towards the door, “Let’s go see if we can revive him then.”
“Well there was a rumor that one of the Stark kids was at the school this year, and I saw her walking around and automatically knew it was her,” Sam told him and Steve had just realized that he had missed this. He remembered Tony had been sitting with two girls earlier but he usually only saw him whenever he was around so he may have missed a lot.
“Because I’m going to make you suffer right along with me,” Bucky stuck out his tongue and Steve wanted to cut it off just for annoying him.
If there was one thing that Steve knew about America, was that she’s a year younger than Miles, and he knew that she wasn’t inclined to be around others very often, but she had befriended Miles when he had gone to NYU, and Miles tries to bring her out of her shell every so often. Steve liked that Miles was making friends, even more so that he was trying to help those friends in the same way that his pops and his dad had helped him.
“My scholarship is dependent on me living on campus all four years,” Bucky told him as he pulled his hair into a bun, this was something else that had happened in the time since their break up, Bucky grew out his hair, which was weird in so many ways but it also made Steve realize just how different they really were.
“I know, and while I sometimes think about it, it’s up to them to tell us,” Steve said before settling into the chair next to him. “For now, I’m just worried about Thor, he’s been drinking beer almost nonstop since he got here.”
“You’ll always be my bambino, no matter how old you get,” she smiled before getting up. “It was nice to finally meet that Rogers boy, especially after all of the stories you told me when you were younger.”
Steve made sure the shelf was back in where it was supposed to be, before putting all of the books back and turning to the very real Tony Stark standing right there next to him, who had for some reason helped him out. He wasn’t sure if Stark was going to sue him for using his name as advertisement, or if the man was genuinely just being helpful.
They were at the hospital in ten minutes, rushing towards labor and delivery, his father was pacing as they put his mother in the bed. “Aw, the boys look great, I’m sorry I ruined your evening,” she said her eyes scrunched up, which meant that she was in pain.
When he looked down, even with the little moon light coming in from the window, he could see Tony’s face on his chest as the genius snuggled into Steve. He couldn’t help but smile at the way Tony’s face looked so relaxed, and he could swear he could hear him mumbling though what he was saying was lost in Steve’s shirt. He didn’t know what had woken him up, but it was worth it just to see Tony so comfortable in his arms. He stared at him a little longer, before trying to snuggle into Tony’s hair, taking in the scent of Tony’s coconut shampoo, wanting more but he was honestly afraid of what would happen if he even tried to kiss the Tony.
Just as she walked towards them, Rhodey was about to launch himself towards the woman as fast as his mechanical legs could take him, but Tony was wary of new visitors, stopping his best friend from moving forward. They didn’t know if this was the same woman that Rhodey had known all those years ago, she could be someone that Thanos had sent. Tony just stood there, holding Rhodey back, Nebula on his other side, she looked over at the new arrival with caution
“I swear they’re all right,” Steve said placing the paper on the near the side of Tony’s bed where he was standing, all the while Tony just stared at him, he wasn’t sure if a smile from Steve had some kind of healing properties, but it was working wonders on Tony’s mood.
“All right, move it Stuart Little,” Tony said knowing that this was their best chance, since the men in front of them were having a pissing contest over an infinity stone. “Things are getting dicey up here. Let’s go.”
“We need a team,” Steve said, and Tony knew that he was going into full Captain America mode and ignoring what had just happened. “We need to go after him and get the stones, and from there we can work out what to do with him after we’ve brought everyone back.”
“Not at first, but mainly because I was worried about you, so I got a bit of tunnel vision, you know how protective I am of you, since you’re the baby.”
Steve went to the back only to find Natasha yelling at the guy a stapler in her hand, yelling about stapling the guy’s balls to his ass, “You shouldn’t do that around kids, what the fuck is wrong with you,” she was yelling.
When Steve smiled at him after he put it on Tony felt his heart speed up a bit, you see it’s one thing to see Steve get jealous about something, and another thing to have him give Tony the full wattage of his smile, “You really shouldn’t have been jealous over that you know,” Tony said even though it was doing things to him at the moment.
“Not exactly,” he answered just as the doors to the elevator closed, leaving Tony in a place he never thought he would step into.
The drive to Pepper’s was quiet for the first fifteen minutes, and then the kids woke up one by one, Tony knew that they had been listening, they’re nosy little bugs, but they were curious all the same. The only one that was still asleep was Morgan, she was slumped over in her car seat her mouth opened just a little bit as she softly breathed.
He thought to himself, the answer was that one person would, and she had just swung the door open and cleared her throat.
“They were nice, they talked about Steve and how they had thought that Bucky had made a mistake giving up a nice boy like Steve,” she said, and Tony wasn’t sure what to think about this development. “But they were happy to meet me, apparently they think my hair is good luck.”
“Did you go to China for that?” Tony asked him as Steve settled in beside him, taking out containers of food.
Tony couldn’t hold back the laugh he had been holding in while watching the whole interaction play out. Even when Bruce came out with more tacos, giving some to Scott on the way to the ship so that he could leave with Rocket to drop the kids off at Peppers, Tony couldn’t stop laughing.
“Boss, Vision has been in the lab with Shuri, they’ve been working on fixing something in his neuropathways.”
“Where is she? Have you seen her, because Valkyrie came to me asking about her and she was nowhere near us, she vanished,” Carol said to him and he knew something was wrong with the whole situation.
“Yeah but your Nan ran it for a long time, so for all you know they’ve been here before,” she countered and it made him think if it were possible, but that couldn’t have been right, he had worked at the store every summer since he was fourteen, and not once had he seen anyone remotely famous come inside.
“I’ll just ask Barnes, he’ll know,” at that Steve stopped, he hadn’t told Bucky about his little crush on Tony, hell he hadn’t told anyone, Buck thought that they were just becoming friends which was what he wanted him to think before be broached the subject of him asking Tony out. Though he was happy to be Tony’s friend, but he knew in his heart that he wanted something more than a friendship.
If anyone had told him that he would be teaching part-time and working as the head of research and development for Stark Industries at the same time, well Tony would have laughed it off. But in reality, that’s exactly what he was doing, because his parents ran the company and Tony honestly wanted to just invent. They allowed him that much, he was still young, he didn’t need to be the head of the company just yet. So, he taught at one of the local colleges, even though NYU had wanted him but he really couldn’t deal with their need to exploit his family name.
“Who did you lose,” she asked him, because while he knows that she lost her family, she doesn’t really know who he lost considering he’s still surrounded by those he considers family.
She looked at the two of them, neither one of them moving from where they stood, but then she smiled, “You’ve changed haven’t you Steve,” she said.
“That’s okay, trust me,” he leaned close to Sitwell and whispered the only words that he’s dreaded for his entire time as Captain America. “Hail Hydra.”
“Yes, can you stop by my office in a few minutes, there is something I would like to discuss with you about your story.”
Natasha was at his side texting Bucky from Tony’s phone, “James said that she’s going into the delivery room right now, so we’ll get there just as the babies are born.”
“No worries Tony, I’ll let it slide since we have a time limit,” Rhodey yelled back, but Tony’s response was muffled, as the genius went back to work.
“What do you mean by yeah, because honestly I’m freaking out over here,” Bucky said to him, his eyes wide and Tony was sure that he had just scared the guy.
“Sorry,” he said suddenly exhausted, it had been a long time since anything like that has happened, he usually kept those thoughts out of his mind, he couldn’t handle them, and he knew this. “I wrote this into the story because the whole thing had been pretty much swept under the rug when I was a kid, they didn’t want people to know that you could kidnap a Stark to make money, but for some reason it only ever really happened to me.”
She nodded but curiously looking between the two of them, “I think as much as I would have wished you had been around all of these years, you no longer belong with us, do you?”
“We have to keep looking at it like a puzzle, we don’t have all of the pieces, but when we do we’re going to have the chance at fixing everything.”
“Not that it's a competition or anything, but Morgan said that she loves me 3000,” he said as he sat on the arm of the chair, putting his head on Steve’s. “You were somewhere on the low 6 to 900 scale.”
The heat on his cheeks reminded him of how proud he was of Tony for writing these characters, but also knowing how happy Tony would be from hearing something like this, to see his characters be brought to life as well. He was about to thank his father when they heard a cry from the other room, Steve looked at his father before watching the man rush off to the other room, Steve wasn’t that far behind. When they walked into the room, his mother was standing over a puddle clutching her belly.
“Rocket and Nebula were talking about where Thanos could have gone,” Clint said from the other side of the table. “And then the racoon mentioned something about when Thanos used the stones here on earth he would have created some kind of power imbalance or something.”
“He’ll be alright,” Valkyrie said next to Nebula. “He needs to let out everything he has inside of himself, everything he’s been holding back. So, this was actually good for him.”
Too deep in his thoughts Morgan touched his face and gave him her little sideways smile, Steve said that she learned it from him, but he was never really sure about anything. Morgan had developed little quirks, not just from him, but from Steve, and to Tony’s dismay, she had that puppy eyed look that Steve had patented over the years to get Tony to do anything and everything that they wanted him to do. It was how they had convinced him to build things for them, toys for Morgan, a new art studio for Steve, they even used their powers of evil for things for their other three kids. But he loved them all the same, even more as they all became closer as a family.
“My baby boy is in love,” she said as he heard someone huff in laughter in the background, which meant that his father was nearby. “Stop that Joe, let him have this.”
“I doubt it’s doing anything to him, with that Asgardian metabolism, but I understand why he’s coping like that, I did the same thing, maybe after all of this is over, we can talk to him about it.”
“Peter, I’m not going to die, I’m going to camp in the back yard near the fire pit,”’ Steve said as he drove towards campus. He wanted to see Tony and ask him if the plan would be alright, but mostly he just wanted to see Tony. They were in the honeymoon phase, and he liked it because it gave him an excuse to just hear Tony talk about whatever it was that he had on his mind, and if Steve couldn’t keep up, well it didn’t really matter as long as Tony was happy.
“I’ll be working in the stacks around seven, usually I’m in the second floor towards the back, so if you find a seat around there, I can find you easily.”
“Where should I start?” he said as he sat up and looked at the stone. “The Aether, first, is not a stone, someone called it a stone before. It's more of a... and angry sludge thing, so... someones gonna need to amend that. It’s also known as the reality stone, it has the ability to manipulate reality as it stands. Anyway, here's an interesting story though, many years ago...My grandfather had to hide the stones from the Dark Elves...” he started wiggling his fingers as if he were a ghost. “Wooooh, scary beings. So, Jane, Oh, there she is. That's Jane... She's... an old flame of mine...” he said as a picture of his exgirlfriend appeared on screen. “She... she stuck her hand inside a rock this one time... and then the Aether stuck itself inside her... And, she became very, very sick. So, I had to take her to Asgard, which is where I'm from. And we had to try and fix her. We were dating at the time, you see. I got to introduce her to my Mother... who's dead...”
“We just want you to take better care of yourself,” Bruce said to him. “We don’t want you to hurt anymore, because when you’re in pain, we all are.”
It was eight in the morning and the only people in the store were him, Bucky and Natasha, everyone else usually arrived around noon, but the mornings were quiet enough to not have a full staff. Though they had hired more part-timers after the first few weeks, and Tony had in fact brought in a lot of business, so he was grateful for that. Natasha was sitting at one of the tables filling up the napkin holders for Bucky, and Steve knew that she was waiting for the answer to Bucky’s question. He loved his friends, but right now he wasn’t too fond of them.
“Yeah everyone but Harley has a character, Harley actually told my dad that he didn’t want to be a part of it because he would rather be remembered for other things than to be the kid of the guy who created Captain America and Spider-man.”
Tony couldn’t help but notice how long Steve had been gone, Carol had pulled him aside and Tony knew for certain this had something to do with Nebula. There was something off about her, she had become friends with Natasha over the years but hadn’t reacted to her death, she hadn’t shown any emotion at all even though she had grown over the years. It was a little disconcerting to him to see her acting that way, it was almost as if she had become another person.
Honestly speaking, Tony just wanted to pass out at that moment, but his roommate was right, he barely had any decent meals since starting school, well outside of his lunches with Jan and Nat, so maybe some food would do him some good. All he did was nod at Bucky and grab the Junior ROTC sweater he had stolen from Rhodey, before his best friend had gone off to college. The thing was too large for Tony’s small frame, but it reminded him of his friend, so it was the best thing in the world. Of course, it went to Tony’s knees and he had to roll up the sleeves, because Rhodey is a giant compared to him, but it was what he needed at the moment.
“Your telling me this’ll actually work?” Rhodey said smiling at them all, but Tony noticed something when Nebula hadn’t acknowledged him, it was weird considering how close she was to Rhodey. He wondered if something had gone wrong for Nebula, Rhodey and Carol’s team, but he could also be overthinking and she could just be sick from the trip, but that was before Carol looked over at Nebula and noticed something as well. When his eyes met Carol’s, he knew that she had noticed something as well, he was going to have to ask her about it when he was feeling a little better.
“So, how do we do this,” Tony said next to him, keeping Steve from making a horrible mistake and actually saying what was on his mind. Living with four kids made him honest, maybe too honest.
“I want to stay,” he said looking over at Tony, still a little worried about his nose. “I don’t know if he’s told you.”
“Shit!” a soft voice said from behind him and Tony could feel himself stiffening before putting his hand on Morgan’s mouth.
“Absolutely nothing,” Thor said, and Tony knew full well that Thor was ready to get his revenge on the Titan.
“At least sleep you big dumbo,” she pushed him down, but all he could do was smile, because while their brothers had grown up together throughout the years, Natasha had always been the one to look out for him when he was at his wits end. She was the only one in the family who knew just the lengths it took to keep him from going too overboard on his projects.
“We kept it quiet for a reason, and it would be nice if you could too,” he said to her and she nodded back at him.
“Gotcha,” he said smiling as he closed the briefcase. “Back in the game.” Steve would very happy to know that the plan was half way done, as he closed the panel that had held the stone.
“We don’t have time to grieve Steve, we don’t have time to do anything else but finish this, because it’s what she would have wanted,” he stopped talking, he couldn’t deal with this anymore, but the sadness in his husband’s eyes meant that they had to take the moment, even if it was a short one.
“Well this one is feisty, or could it be the hours upon hours that he spent working on his projects only to come home and worry about his first date with Stevie over here.”
Tony walked over so that there was someone there in case she needed a hand, because the guy was a perv if Tony had ever seen one, and he was almost certain that the man had been jerking off right there in front of a bunch of kids. Tony did the only thing he could think of, he started ushering the kids towards their parents before walking over to where Natasha stood as she tried to pull the man out of the chair.
He hadn’t thought of it that way, “Maybe that’s a way to look at it,” he told her thinking of all of their adventures when they were little. “I guess I’ll have another sleepless night.”
“Same stuff I’ve talked with my friends about, you know how things have changed, and... and going to school and working at the same time,” she said looking around to the room. They all had shared their lives with one another during their sessions, but this was more than she had ever shared with them. “How much we miss going out to games here in the city. Then everything got quiet. She cried as they were serving the salads.”
“You were serious about that, we’re actually going camping,” Tony said a horrified expression on his face. “Steve, it’s cold out right now... it’s literally freezing outside.”
“Fancy meeting you here,” Steve said with a smile, which was really a nice surprise and also answered the question of why Steve smelled like coffee all of the time.
“I was just running it by you, I figured that I could work on it and once I graduated maybe I’d try it out.”
The room was silent, his head pounding because of the constant heaving, his chest hurt, and he couldn’t tell if it was from his run in with the Hulk anymore. He couldn’t think anymore, he could hear the Hulk raging and something breaking around him, but he wasn’t sure if it was real. He wanted to think that they were all back safe and sound, that nothing bad had happened, he hadn’t noticed the tears falling from his face until he couldn’t breathe anymore. Steve was on the floor next to him holding onto him, he could feel his husband’s chest shaking. It didn’t matter if anyone else was in the room, it didn’t matter if they had all made it, she hadn’t, and they lost the one person who had tried the hardest to keep them all together all of these years.
Before Strange could answer, Hulk, and War Machine took their places, as Carol landed next to Rhodes. This was their family, these were the people they had fought so hard to bring back, and he wasn’t going to let Thanos take them away, not again.
“Agreed,” Nebula said as if that was the only thing she needed to say, Steve looked over at her, never really sure if she would say something more, and sometimes afraid to ask her to elaborate, especially since she’s threatened him with bodily harm on more than one occasion, especially when it comes to Tony. He also wasn’t sure if her agreeing was confirming Tony’s theory about her relationship with the others, but again, disembowelment is not on his agenda for the day.
“It’s no problem, we’re all under the same amount of pressure right now, so don’t worry so much, but if we only have one chance at a test run, who should we send?” Bruce asked knowing that this was going to be their one shot to make sure the machine worked, if not they would have to pare down the teams, even though they were already pushing it with the amount of people going.
“Now, what I wanted to discuss with you was actually something entirely different,” Tony felt happy and confused at the same time, he actually thought that this was it and nothing more. “Your final story is amazing, it has the heart and love of something that is important to you. I would like to have your permission to submit it into next year’s writing awards, they’re handed out before the end of the Spring semester, but the pieces submitted into the grand prize has to have faculty approval before it goes to committee.”
They all nodded, Miles throwing his arms around him, “We’ll wait for the call then,” he said before the girls joined in. They were his family, just like the Avengers were, carefully stitched up together.
The paper in his hand was warm, it smelled like coffee and Steve which was an odd combination to have, because he thought of Steve as someone who drank sports drinks and water. He couldn’t help but feel a little happy over getting Steve’s number, he quickly pulled out his phone and typed it in with a grin on his face before walking towards library. He folded the paper Steve had given him and put it in his wallet behind a picture of him and Nat at graduation, with their brothers in the background. No one needed to know that it was there and that Tony was saving for some odd reason.
“Just sometimes, we did talk about other things,” Tony said pulling Rhodey away from him, which Steve found odd in a way, mainly because the other man was about to say something else and was stopped by the shorter man.
"Good. You had me worried there. 'Cause that'd be horse shit. That's not how quantum physics works.”
When he got back, Bucky was dressed in a dark blue shirt, he was tying up his boots over his pants, never really looking up to meet Tony’s eyes. “We should get breakfast, since we’re up early,” was all he said and Tony wasn’t sure what to think, he just hummed in agreement, before throwing on Rhodey’s MIT sweatshirt, the one he had given Tony over Thanksgiving. It was like armor for him, someone who was close enough to protect him when everything went to shit.
Ty looked back at Tony with nothing but hate in his eyes, he almost got away with handing in something that Tony had helped him with, but now he wasn’t going to get that chance. This whole semester had been a rollercoaster ride of questions and answers about his life and now it was almost over, and he had never felt more comfortable in his own skin than he did at that moment. It took another twenty minutes before Professor Coulson came back into the room, and honestly Tony had wanted to just leave, but he stayed if only to know what happened.
“Here, here,” the three guys next to her called out. This was her life, now if only she could find someone for Jan that the guys knew, that way Natasha wouldn’t be surrounded by just men. It was something to think about, but until then she was just going to enjoy the moment.
Tony was distracted the rest of the way to the hospital, all the while Steve was on the phone talking with Pepper. All he could think about was how nice Steve was, and what was he doing with him, he wasn’t good at relationships, he usually failed at them, but it was nice to actually have Steve there. He could just equate it to the fact that he was half out of it, because he really wanted to try with Steve, but at the same time he was in so much pain. Any adrenaline that had earlier had all but left him, and the pain was starting to set in and he hated it more than anything, but he had Steve’s hand in his so he would just bare it for now.
He wasn’t sure what Steve meant, until he was handed a drawing of Captain America with his cowl pulled back, looking a lot like Steve, and Iron Man with his helmet off, looking like Tony. The latter had his arm around the other, they were both smiling as if someone was taking their picture, while they stood on what looked like a New York City yellow cab, destruction all around them, but it looked like they had won whatever battle they had been fighting. Tony wanted to cry, normally he had pictures like this commissioned by others, or he brought prints from people who had made them, because they didn’t know that Tony Stark boy genius was the one behind the stories. In all of those pictures Iron Man’s face was always covered, but this one, this one was different, because it was not just Cap and Iron Man, but Steve and Tony.
“Don’t be like that Tony,” Ty called out, and he probably would have stopped Tony if he could, but Ty was technically at work and he couldn’t leave the library, which made running off all the better. He felt so stupid, he was a smart kid, his family told him this, but apparently when it came to reading people he was the dumbest person in the world.
“I know that we’ve been through a lot over the years,” Steve said with a smile. “We almost never agree on a lot of things, but honestly its one of the greatest things about our relationship. You never looked at me as someone who needed to be pitied because of the situation I was in, you’ve always challenged me, you’ve helped me become a better person.”
“No, and don’t even think about going anyway, you’re under orders to stay in bed for the next few days. So, if I see you step into that building, I’m going to have someone tie you to the bed,” she said before giving him a stern look and walking towards the door. “I’ll call to check on you later.”
“Don’t worry, I think somehow I decided to stay for two reasons, the first is you, Steve I know this is crazy, but just knowing you is enough for me to try and fight for whatever we could have, even if it’s just friendship.”
“Oh, I'm sorry. What, were you just sitting around waiting for the right opportunity?” Thor looked around the room, it wasn’t about the opportunity, it was about making sure that they all survived this.
“Well, that didn’t work out now did it,” Steve said and it almost felt like he was going to fight back, as the other man stepped closer to him. Tony was so tired of fighting but it was just another reminder of what they were going to be to one another no matter what.
“Okay,” he said to her, giving her a quick hug before she got into the car with Scott and Hope, they were going to New Asgard, they were going to see Bruce and Thor. With a final wave, they drove off and Steve went in search of his husband.
“If I told you that we’re from the future, and you would be my aunt, would you believe me?” Tony said with a small smile, he was sad and shy and Steve just wanted to kiss it out of him.
Calling Pym and getting him out of the office was easy, all he had to do was tell the man that something was glowing and he was rushing out of the room. The particles were right there, and he was glad to have found them, because it meant that Tony would have to stop feeling guilty for messing up the plan in the first place, even when it wasn’t his fault. He really wanted to punch Scott for making Tony feel bad about something that was out of his control, but at that moment he couldn’t do much. All that mattered was seeing their kids again, so he took four, in case something else happened, and rushed out of the room.
“And have my mother kill you on your first meeting, yeah no,” Natasha said, and Tony knew that she was right, but he also knew that Natasha wanted this meeting to go well, it was rare for them to bring anyone home, Jan was an exception because they had grown up together. Boyfriends were something completely different, especially when the meeting would take place during the annual Christmas Gala, in front of everyone they knew and then some.
“You’ll be fine,” Steve told him patting Bucky on the back. “Just treat her right, and don’t do anything stupid and you’ll survive.”
“He’s terrible at flirting,” Bucky said as he sat down next Natasha pulling her legs on his lap. “Remember when him and Peggy were talking, it had taken her three months to figure out that he had been trying to ask her out.”
