I heard the men leave and the door close.
Delek motioned to Yama who went to a sideboard and poured me a glass of what appeared to be scotch which I found impossible since these monks neither imbibed in drugs, alcohol nor meat. I had adjusted to my new diet and felt better for it.
Holmes nodded and sat down.
The cart was a total loss and the goods were in not much better shape. Hassan took the ox and went to his master’s house to get help. They returned in about an hour with another cart that they put Aladdin into.
“Ok Tiger get to work on that. I want it hard and ready.”
I was drifting to sleep when our jailer and caretaker came to get the items we put at the door. He was very careful to check where we were before getting the plates and buckets. William sat up from behind me and looked hard at the man who quickly put in a clean bucket and locked the door.
I had no time to think before I heard the sound of the whip and felt the lash across my back. One followed the other and I found myself floating on a sea of pleasurable pain. And just as it was about to overwhelm me, the beating stopped.
We were in Krasnoyarsk at the home of one of the leading businessmen in the area. He worked very hard to make his manor to look as European as possible. He spoke English rather well and we had discussions about various topics while I was there.
Sherlock proceeded to screw him into the mattress. John was at the edge the entire time begging and pleading to be allowed to cum.
Greg went to talk only to find that his mouth was covered with a muzzle and he had a bit gag in his teeth.
“Lord Tackart Senior has not been well for a while. I think this his son behind this considering the gambling debts he has. I also interfered with his illegal activities when I helped Lestrade with that poaching ring a couple of months ago so he has an axe to grind with me as well.”
“Agreed,” he said, “now how shall we do this?”
“Now what?” I asked looking at my very slightly taller brother.
I sat out on a rock up on a hill overlooking the city and thought.
“It’s a six tumbler system.”
“If that is what you want Mistress.”
“Oh John, my poor John. I hadn’t thought….I….I am sorry. I did not mean to cause you this sort of pain. We’ll find someone else to do this.”
He paused for a moment, “Is this where your mind is at? Are you preparing for a funeral?”
He opened the first video and saw John Watson sitting behind a desk. He didn’t look happy.
This went on for what seemed forever but I sort out to be about six hours.
Toby shook his head no and went over to the back part of yard and peed in the grass trying for a little privacy.
Part of why this is so hard for me is that my beta reader passed away due to COVID 19 which was one hell of a blow to me. So I am looking for another beta if anyone is interested.
Mycroft shuttered but found himself aroused much to his shame. He remembered each mark and how it was created. He had pleasured himself to the sounds of Moriarty’s suffering.
The silence was deafening as everyone looked at what just happened.
Sherlock opened and just a quickly closed his mouth.
I waited at attention as the last of our number were brought in.
Jim stood up and slapped Jamie, “Not yet! The Baron will be able to tell us when and where he will be of use.”
And he fell into the arms of Morpheus.
There was a knock at the door followed by the door opening. Sebastian and James entered dressed rather well. They sat on the couch.
My name is James Edward  Sherriford Holmes. My slightly older twin brother name is William Basil Jeremy Holmes. We are the sons of Mycroft Holmes and his wife Lorna. Or rather that is how the world sees the two of us. Who we really are is a closely guarded secret that is only known very few people. How we found out is a tale in itself. This very one in fact.
I looked at Moriarty who said, “I told you Sherlock wasn’t here anymore. I have changed him and made him better. I took this ugly thing and made her a beauty of both body and soul. Who’s your Master Shirley?”
“I don’t need help.”
He saw the man’s eyes light up, “Nope. This goes nowhere until I have my property back.”
He pulled out coming all over my face and chest.
He laughed and it was water in the desert to me. This was my master. He was here.
“Never mind Holmes,” I said putting a hand on his chest and stroking it gently.
Mycroft found himself nodding before he knew he was doing it.
John nodded and straddled Greg rubbing his ass against Greg’s aching prick. Greg would give anything for some relief. Anything.
“Now, now mustn’t have any of that,” he said, “It’s my fault you haven’t been properly taken care of.”
I have a plan of where this is going I do promise.
He got another pair of noise cancelling headphones and placed him on his Tiger’s head turning on the white noise so his sense of hearing was gone. He moved the bench back from the cross.
I sighed, “I wish I knew. I have never seen him like this before.”
I led him into the main room and quickly undressed. He helped me off with the bandages that I was swathed in and carefully traced each mark and bite he had made.
“Moran. Where is he Dr. Watson?”
He let me go, rolled over and went to sleep.
I nodded as speaking was not currently happening.
“He scratched you rather deep in some places. No stitches but we erred on the side of caution about possible infection.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked at me and nodded. We set up the scene to make it look like they stabbed each other which, given their history, was not impossible. I stayed for the funeral and comforted my new Master. He took me to his bed and was quite tender but it could not last as upon the death of the Baron, I was to be returned to Moriarty.
“The bed in our room that does not get the morning light for the next session of school.”
She shivered and shook her head ‘no’.
I let her lead me upstairs to my bedroom. She sat me down on a chair and started to undress me. I tried to help but she slapped my hand away. I let her strip me of my clothes. She sat me on the edge of the bed.
The row was still going on.
John pointed to the dog dish that was on the counter.
“You enjoyed it,” I said, “You feel guilty because at times you enjoyed the drugs.”
Eventually Toby found himself face to face with Basil and his whole world went sideways.
He tried to explain why it was important in hopes of mitigating his punishment which he knew he deserved because he had broken the rules he had with his Master. And his Master was not the forgiving type.
Delek said to Yama, “He doesn’t understand.”
William replied with a Scottish accent, “I be Billy and this be my brother Jimmy.”
I heard some more people enter and the monk who had been bathing Sherlock went to help. They brought my bed into the room and placed it on the other side of Sherlock making the cell we were in feel smaller.
“So now what?”
I grew out my beard and then shaved to create some rather magnificent mutton chops. Mary dyed my hair black with a touch of grey at the temples. She darkened her hair as well. Mycroft provided us with suitable clothing and papers.
One of the other monks took my arm and led me to a table then brought me food and made sure that I ate.
The other brother cradled his dying brother weeping for him. I stood there not knowing what to do.
“Watson, you will do this. You will excel at this and give me the information and training I will need to survive this. Do you understand?”
I said, “Delek was helping you find yourself Sir.”
Sherlock shook his head furiously, “Not that! No! How could you go when you know what you are doing to me.”
“I can help,” I said.
‘Still could be either,’ thought John and stayed silent.
“How did you know?” said John very grateful for the tea.
His last thought was that he hoped that he would wake up…..
I looked at him and nodded as my throat felt drier than any desert that I have walked through.
Lestrade took a moment or two to collect himself. He pulled out a jar of camphor oil and smelled it trying to clear his head and get his other head to calm down a bit.
Moran spent most of the rest of the trip in a drugged stupor.
It is impossible to shake one’s head when it is being held forcibly in one place.
Sorry folks.
“Work,” said William with a moon calf look on his face, “Our Ma and Da got the fever and passed. The local Lord kicked us off the farm and gave it to his folks. So we have been working our way south until we can get to London where we have family.”
“What did you see with that great brain of yours?”
The man they named Scar because of the scar running from the top of his forehead down past a milky blind eye and his right cheek brought them food twice a day and emptied the bucket that they used as a toilet.
“Yes, Sir. I will do as you ask. I will train you. I will do all that is in my power to give you the tools to survive this.”
“I cannot read,” she sadi bashfully.
He sighed and picked up his phone. He quickly dialed and within two rings he heard the voice at the other end of the line, “Hello?”
I took his hand and slowly kissed each finger pad then the palm of his hand.
We snuck out the back to a waiting carriage.
He grabbed me by the collar and hauled me to my feet. I could barely get purchase with the floor before he started to manhandle me up the stairs and into the room where I had been sleeping.
Eventually we both turned a corner. I started regaining my strength and Holmes seemed to be coming back to himself although I hadn’t heard him speak.
I hadn’t be touched in so long that I came before I even knew what was going on.
He turned and unwrapped the cloth around his middle and presented me his ass. I could see he was bracing himself for punishment.
He shifted the flogger from my nethers to my chest paying special attention to my nipples. I groaned and pulled a bit on my bonds but I knew I was going nowhere.
“John, I am not going to lie to you. It was going well but the longer she is in heavy labor, the worse this will become.”
We worked out that Mary and I would go to the continent on holiday to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Holmes would follow a few days later on the grounds of being summoned by the French police for a matter. Mycroft would make those arrangements for him. We would then meet up in the south of France at the manor that was in the Holmes’ family still.
I took off my blindfold but it made no difference because the room was pitch black. I felt my way around the small cell. The door was wood with a slot at the bottom and a window with bars at eye level. There was a crude straw pallet with a thin blanket against the other wall. There was a chamberpot in another corner near the door. Across the walls at various points there were rings that later I learned the purpose all too well. I lay down and tried to sleep but my mind was racing trying to sort out what was happening to us.
Moriarty turned to Sherlock and said, “I am so sorry Shirley, I know you were trying to be a good girl but you have been corrupted so I am afraid I am going to have to purify you.”
I thought I saw him nod and just as quickly I saw fear in his eyes.
John blinked like an owl and nodded.
Yama said, “I think Dr. Watson can fill you in on the details of how you got to us. And know that we will help you.”
She said to me, “You are not to cum until I say you can.”
Holmes shook his head back and forth and I knew he was about to release. I nodded at Mary and she got up and lowered herself onto his member and rode him for all she was worth. I removed Holmes’ gag only to replace it with my mouth. Using my lips and tongue to absorb the lovely sounds falling from his lips.
“Now,” said Janan, “Let us have a drink to celebrate the conclusion of our business.”
John grabbed a hose and turned on the water. He adjusted the temperature so it would be comfortable for the pet. Don’t need them to be scared until they need to be scared. He started spraying the water all over Toby who jumped at the initial contact but then calmed down. Then John grabbed a sponge and a bucket with sudsy water and washed Toby down carefully. He had Toby arch up, removed the towel and soaped up his front. He rinsed the soap off then took some shampoo and massaged that into Toby’s short cropped hair.
They looked to me and I nodded not trusting my ability to speak.
“Watson,” came the command.
I repeated, “This is service.”
Holmes followed me to each and once we had been given food and drink along with tobacco.
“Right, now let’s get back to that lock.” James pulled the thin metal lockpicks and attacked the lock again while William watched.
He picked up the brush and proceeded to clean the shoe with vigor.
“However you are the man I want to serve,” I said, “I made a commitment to you and yours as you did to me. Nothing has changed that would make me doubt myself for signing that paper which gave you mastery over me.”
John sighed and relaxed as Sherlock massaged his scalp as he washed his hair.
The thunderous applause overwhelmed him. He whimpered and thrust his head against John’s belly trying to make it go away.
-_-_-_-_
“Sherlock…”
As promised the end of Moriarty.
I sat next to him watching him sleep. Eventually I joined him because I was falling asleep.
I heard a moan from the direction of the pallet.
He wrapped one around his waist, went back into the living room, and looked out the window again to see a number of bodies on the ground and the police with scent masks pulling people into the waiting vans.
“Excuse me?” squeaked Simion.
He smiled and removed the towel. Draping it over the chair so he would not stain the cushion. He turned and placed his hands on the arms of the chair leaving his ass pointed towards the door. He could feel his mind clouding as he smelled the strong scent of both Sherlock and Greg.
“Found my perfect match John. I don’t think anyone else needs to know this.”
John reached around and grabbed Sherlock’s firm ass with his free hand, “My mate.”
I pulled out my dagger to trim down the branches that Hassan had found. He saw the markings on the dagger and pulled his shirt collar down so I could see the leather band around his neck.
“If our family rescues us, you win. If we rescue ourselves, I win. However you must help me in our escape.”
I gasped at the damage to his back. The wounds that I had been trying to keep clean were a mess. He had ulcerated skin where the corset had been so tightly cinched. There were burns and cuts all over his legs and torso but not his arms. Those had track marks from the needles that he had been injected with heaven knows what.
“Will you STOP doing that!” I said.
John ruffled his pet’s hair and said, “Sherlock, please go sit in your chair. We have something we need to discuss.”
He knew he was screwed the moment he had run off to chase a lead.
That stopped me cold.
I dropped to my knees as I couldn’t feel my legs.
Moriarty grabbed the collar and forced the woman to look at me.
“Ah Watson, what you do to me,” I said as I grabbed his head guiding him onto my cock.
Memories came to mind of Holmes and his ability to take me to places that I didn’t even know I wanted to go by his hand or the cane or the whip.
The fingers withdrew and was quickly replaced with the warm solid feeling of a cock being inserted into him. As it quickly sank into him, he felt the breath pushed out of him. He steeled himself and relaxed at the same time. The cock went in to almost out slowly at first but picking up speed and vigor. He could feel the hips of the other slam into his thighs. He could feel the swing moving back and forth.
At the point that Sherlock was massaging his scalp, he decided to go with enjoyment.
So what did you think? Am I giving enough info or being too sparse? I have been working on this reveal for a while and I hope it entertained you.
“Now Winston, it is kind of you to try to keep Sigerson out of trouble but he is at fault.”
It was after that party that I found myself the focus of Moriarty. I don’t know if Moran had figured out if I had passed a message on or that I watched a patron die in front of me. Either way, I was under their scrutiny.
“Done,” I said putting my hand out.
Seb held up his hand.
The video ended.
“When you came into my service, I used certain substances to keep my mind from tearing itself apart. Or so I thought. You became my drug substitute and soothed me when my mind was racing. You and Mycroft worked so hard to get me to see what I was doing to myself and helped me to stop. Now I am again hopelessly addicted and I do not see any way out.”
We slowly made love to each other remembering what we like best.
I honestly don’t remember much but bits and pieces of conversation through the pain that my body was in. Breathing hurt. Thinking hurt. Any thing and everything hurt.
With only a few smacks of my hand on his body, I got him in the position I wanted. Head down and ass up.
Mycroft closed the video and opened the Document which contained pictures of Jim and Sherlock showing the progression of marks on Sherlock matching what he had done to Jim.
The next day we found ourselves in front of our father’s desk which is not a position that anyone wants to be in especially if you have been naughty.
At the end I felt spent and empty. I had nothing left. I was done.
“How were they?”
“Maybe the conversation we had yesterday?”
The cursor blinked over the third video file. He hesitated. Finally he found the courage to watch the next video.
So sort of a re-union but not what Watson wanted.
I nodded and started to splint the legs having Hassan hold his master down if he came to which he did about half way through the second leg.
“Ah ha,” he said pulling a large brown envelope from under the table nearest to the door.
“I do Holmes and that is what worried me. I know you. I know you better than you know yourself at time.”
John laughed and then slapped Jim hard on the butt with the crop.
“Good. John, I’m tired. Can we go back to our room?”
“How could you!” he bellowed, “You belong to ME! Your body is mine to command.”
He started to lick the tip of my penis and quickly I found myself with my cock down his throat as he licked and sucks me. I heard her walked to the corner of the room and pick something up. She went behind me and there was an explosion of pain across my right buttock. I quickly figured out it was a thin cane. He continued to suck and she continued to beat me. My body couldn’t figure out what to do.
I finally was able to focus on the man in front of me. He was seated on a chair wearing a dressing gown and slippers. His hair was tousled.
“Yes,” I said as I checked over his companion, “His legs are broken. We need straight wood to make splints before we move him any further.”
“Still that could be a problem,” said Sherlock.
He turned and said something to the man who had been attending Sherlock when we arrived. The man replied in the same language, bowed to me, and then left the room.
We waited and waited. And just about the point that I think he was giving up for the night, we heard the sound of uneven footsteps up the stairs. Holmes motioned me stay back. We were pressed up against the wall when I saw a figure lurch into the room.
Short but necessary I think. I promise more soon.
I let one of the monks helped me to my bed. I lay down and in short order I was asleep.
“What is your biggest concern?”
“Sorry?”
Game, Set, and Match to John Watson.
“How the hell did you know?” He screamed at Sherlock after putting down his favorite mug.
“Shh, shh, shh I’ll take care of you.”
I carefully moved myself over to the far side of my bed and patted the mattress.
“John could you put on a light for me? It is rather dark in here and I can’t seem to get anyone else to understand.”
“I think we are stuck here for a bit,” I said, “We just have to wait for them to make a mistake or our family to find us.”
The next morning I awoke to a light tap on the door.
I looked up and saw that Holmes was pointed to the floor next to him.
“Just let it go. There is a drain there for a reason.”
His physical appearance took a little more work. Sherlock Holmes had been the subject of study in news articles over most of the world. His face has been illustrated accurately. Since he was being sold, he couldn’t make sure he had access to his tools for disguise.
There was a gasp from the group.
I took the glass and drank a pull of the scotch. The burn down my throat gave me focus that I so desperately needed.
John looked puzzled.
“You all right?” I asked quietly.
He saw my face and said, “John, what happened?”
Williams laughed, “I don’t think either of us is suicidal.”
He picked me up and gently put me in my bed. Cleaned up my backside and made me drink some water before settling in on the bed next to me holding me close to his heart.
Janan and I went into town with two of his friends. We worked our way through the markets and the like until we came to a hotel. We were looked upon suspiciously but not asked to leave as Janan was dressed as the tribal prince he was. A man was waiting for us and informed us that the local baths might be a good place for us to go and relax before meeting with his Master.
We sat there a while just enjoying being together.
I could hear him say, “I knew you were real. I knew it. They couldn't take you away from me.”
He let out a sob and said, “Yes.”
He grabbed a bath sponge and his body wash and proceeded to wash John head to toe not letting John do anything for himself.
It was all too much and the men fell into a pile.
John sighed and didn’t answer. He knew that answering was not going to help. Sherlock was in a mood and he just had to ride it out and pray that it didn’t go on too long.
“I see any cheating on your part and the cage goes on,” said the Master as he gave his Boy’s balls another tug.
Winston nodded, “Please pack up our Mistress’ toiletries. The case for them is next to her dressing table. Remember to get the items out of the bathroom as well.”
“There will be time so enough. Let’s go see what my brother wants of us.”
“If I take off these restrains, you will behave won’t you?” I said.
(See the end of the chapter for
I did the same for me and we went back to our room where a light supper had been put out for us. We ate our fill and then went to bed.
But that would be rash because we did not know what our situation was nor how many people might be on the other side of that door.
“Sasha not playing today?” asked Mikhail.
He seemed to calm down at my words.
John nodded.
Sherlock gasped and tried to pull away but Moriarty took a firm grip on the collar and started slowly strangling Sherlock.
I found myself looking into the green eyes of Delek. His gaze seemed to fix me in place like a bug pinned to a card.
As the knot entered John and Greg felt his orgasm building, he was surprised by being bitten on both shoulders by John and Sherlock. His glands ruptured and all three men came at the same time. Greg tried to stay with the moment but it was too much and his brain seemed to short circuit.
He positioned himself as I requested. I used my right hand to steady him and ran my left hand over his ass.
“So you could help me,” he said, “Will you?”
He got out of the pool and said, “Come Watson, I need your clever fingers.”
I had no idea which direction we were going except away from that mad man. I kept the pace going until I could see that Lucy needed to stop and rest. I was lucky and found a grassy area near a fresh water spring. I took some leather strips out of my bag and tied Sherlock’s wrist and ankle cuffs together. I decided to gag him since I didn’t need a repeat of earlier.
He opened the drive to find four files on it, three video files and one word file.  The videos were labeled “Watch First”,  “Watch Second”, “Watch Third” and the word file was labeled “then read”.
I carefully removed the muzzle and Sherlock worked his jaw a bit.
He palmed himself through his jeans and watched.
“I want you to compose your thoughts and then tell me your idea,” came the order from his Master not his friend.
“You know I love you Sherlock. You know you don’t have to do any of this. Just say the word and this will end.”
“Who did you talk to?”
I still live and love comments and kudos. Input helps my muse to continue to tickle my brain.
“Sherlock, we’ve talked about this. Now let me go.”
I found myself on horseback following Holmes across the country following the tracks of the cart that had our two boys.
Sherlock pulled a chair from the desk and sat next to John looking rather eager.
Enjoy
“You asked me to train you. To give you the knowledge you need to survive. She has knowledge I can’t impart to you. I don’t have the equipment.”
Comments and Kudos keep me going on this.
“Yes.”
Sherlock took off the restraints from John and proceeded to rub himself all over John’s body. This only caused John’s cock to get hard and his entire body to feel even warmer than he thought possible.
“I don’t want to do any of this but you have forced my hand. You will watch all of this and I will know if you don’t and believe me it will be worse for your brother if you do.”
“Now now Mycroft, not everyone sees the world the way we do,” said Sherlock.
I took the knife and did a shallow cut on his chest just below his left nipple.
Hope you enjoy it.
Holmes was there in the changing room waiting for me. The bath slaves helped us remove our clothes and wrapped towels around our waists. They knelt in front of us expecting to be used before we entered the warm room. Holmes waved them off and we walked into the warm room. I removed my towel, placed it on the stone bench, and sat down. Holmes did the same.
Sherlock smiled and said quietly, “That’s how he does it.”
Then from behind me Sherlock came running out of the cave clad only in the nightdress we had found him in. He ran right to Moriarty and grabbed his leg.
“They tell you things about yourself. Things they want to be true but are false. They tell you over and over and then you hear the whirl and your body explodes in pain as the lighting hits you. And they tell you again before the lighting is released through your body. Until they believe that you believe what you are told or you pass out and cannot be revived, they continue. Afterwards they clean you up since the lighting makes you soil yourself and put you back in your cage. If you are good, you get food and something for the pain.”
“Yes,” he said, “It’s me.”
“Please,” he whispered, “Please!”
“I know that!”
He put his hand under my chin and tipped my head up so I had to look at his face.
He stood up and turned to his right, “Sherlock, why don’t you get kitted up. I will bath your pet and get Toby ready for you.”
The night before we were to leave, I found myself in tied to Holmes’ bed being tormented slowly by my Master. I wanted to touch him but was denied the ability by the ropes and leather that he had used on me. He used my body as his instrument forcing groans and moans and shouts from my lips creating the music between us that only we understood. He fucked me raw and then we fell asleep in each others arms not known that this would be the last time we would be in Baker Street together like this for a very long time.
John grabbed Sherlock by the hair and pulled him close, “I believe in you and I won’t leave you alone. No matter what happens next.”
I am working my way to one scene that is so clear in my head it won't go away but there is a lot of set up before we get there.
The paddle fell and Sherlock screamed and sobbed and apologized for breaking the rules.
The voice in his ear says, “Take note of the group right in front of you.”
This chapter was hard to write. I have written and rewritten it about 10 times now. I have no idea how it will be received and I am a little concerned but I started this story and I will finish it.
“Lie down Holmes. Let me take care of you.”
“Vladivostok on the eastern end of Russia right above Korea and China.”
Sherlock opened a cabinet that Toby hadn’t seen and pulled something out.
Then with a hoarse shout he came almost pulling himself free of the restrains in the violence of his release. He fell back to the bed and for a moment there was silence with the exception of all the heavy breathing as Mary and I had both come as well.
We had a lovely week at the cottage and agreed we would retire here when we became tired of London.
Sherlock sat down and waited for his brother to enter.
I came back to find him staring into the fire. I took his hand and unwound him from himself. He followed me rather docilely into the bedroom were I stripped him of his clothing and then did the same for myself. I guided him into the tub and proceeded to bath him. I washed his hair and massaged his scalp. I could feel him relax under my ministrations.
“Yes yours you great pillock now let me up.”
“I have been doing some research after that last case.”
His hand rested on my heart and I could feel his breathing matching my own. He stayed there for a bit and then drew his hand back.
The knife came off his throat as the man moved back in front of the light to where the other man had been filming them.
“Hey, hey it is fine. We are fine,” I said soothingly.
‘Turn around idiot,’ came the command and I did as I had been ordered.
“Look give the one that you were going to let live to Sherlock and the other one to Jim. That way if Jim goes overboard then you will just have to ship the body home and say that you had nothing to do with it. Then you can train Sherlock as he trains his new pet. And you can decided if he is going to be able to keep it or put it to use in the stable at the farm.”
John lay there while he heard Sherlock puttering around in the kitchen making, G-d help them all, tea. He pulled at the cuff and knew he was going nowhere until Sherlock let him up.
As I encased my wrists and ankles in the soft leather that had been tempered and stained with sweat, tears, and blood, I could feel my member throbbing as it came to attention.
Toby went limp not wanted to see what might happen if he didn’t. Just when he thought he couldn’t take it anymore. John withdrew the hose and put a butt plug in rather quickly.
John’s phone pinged in Sherlock’s pocket.
Toby heard a door open from the opposite side that he has entered.
Seb grunted and picked up the laptop.
Right at that moment I heard a knock and Yama’s voice, “May I enter?”
I put a robe on him and led him to the baths where we soaked off the road dirt and sweat that had accumulated during our escape. Slaves washed us carefully and we were massaged and given fresh clothing.
“I assumed that you wanted to be here with him.”
I swallowed hard and nodded not trusting my voice. He sat crossed legged in front of me and proceeded to massage and stroke my feet causing pleasurable ripples to pass up from my feet into the rest of my body. His long thin fingers hit places I didn’t know I needed to be kneaded. I let out a groan.
“Such a good and faithful servant,” I said before succumbing to sleep myself.
“Present,” she said and Holmes went through the series of moves that were now ingrained in him.
I was stunned at the gesture.
Sherlock sat in the wing backed chair across from his brothers, “Now we just have to figure out where they are and how we are going to get them back.”
“Sir,” said Holmes with a slight nodded of deference.
He laughed and snapped his fingers. His slaves followed him out of the tent leaving me alone with Moran.
My Master Sherlock Holmes instructed me to write about the time that our sons seemed to vanish off the face of the earth which we moved it along with Heaven to find them again not knowing that our boys could take care of themselves.
Sorry for the ramble but I wanted to give you the why's on this gap.
I nodded, “I feel more able to look at this problem without panicking.”
“It is not unknown that Mycroft is my brother and that he was instrumental in my re-appearance in society. Moriarty’s web was torn asunder but not destroyed entirely and Mycroft’s part in this is rather evident….We need to go back to Baker Street. I need my notes and files.”
I felt a flogger slap against my balls rather hard. I instinctively tried to pull my legs together to protect my delicate bits but that was rather hard as I prevented from doing so by the ropes attached to my cuffs.
I quickly got dressed and went to the training room. I stripped myself to the waist and picked up the batons that I used in stick fighting. I started going through the patterns I had learned losing myself into the motion but my mind was still racing. I attacked the practice dummy again and again. I worked myself into a stupor but kept going just trying to get some relief from all that had happened. I was terrified that Holmes would go through with releasing me and that would be the end of me. I didn’t see any other way out other than killing myself and that scared me.
Anyone still out there?
“They told me that John Watson was a delusion I made based on a newspaper article I read.”
Holmes let go of my head and leaned over kissing me on the top of my head, “That’s my good slave.”
I noticed that his clothes hung loose on him giving him a bit of a scarecrow quality. But it was obvious to both of us that the suit he wore was his. His hair was slicked back and he was freshly shaved of the beard he had walked in with.
“Gentlemen, please leave. You are agitating him. Bring some food and put it outside the door. No one is to enter until I allow it.”
The bag was roughly put over his head while his wrists were now handcuffed to the chair with tape attaching his wrists to the chair making his thumb trick now impossible.
“Now John,” started Sherlock.
He cut me off with a hand gesture, “No, I need to….”
“Sherlock, this is ridiculous. I am hungry and thirsty.  You may be able to go days on end without food but I can’t.”
The next morning after my wounds had been attended to, we found ourselves out in the garden that I had come to love. Holmes helped me sit on a stone bench and left me there for a moment. He returned with blankets and wrapped me up against the chill in the air. He sat down next to me and we just sat in silence enjoying each other’s presence.
“Hush Mycroft, you are scaring him.”
I turned to find Moran sitting on a chair watching me.
“Look at him John. He’s ready to go and more than willing.”
“You OK?” asked John.
I put Lucy on her picket line so she could get to the spring and the sweet grass.
Thanks as always for reading. I do appreciate each and every eye that reads my works.
“Ok Boy, you now get to prove that you are worthy of my cock in your ass. I am keeping you gagged so that smart Irish mouth of yours doesn’t get you in any more trouble than you are already in.”
“Thank you sir,” I said as I started to disrobe and tossed my clothing to his underling. I picked up the dirty blanket we had on the pallet we were sleeping on and wrapped it around my waist for some privacy as I finished sheading my clothing.
I took his hand in mine and said, “There is no shame in what happened. You didn’t do anything. Things were done to you.”
The three men went back to the car in silence. Each trying to figure out how they were going to find John. What they were going to do to the men who had John. And what is John going to do to Sherlock after all this since it was, apparently, his fault.
He opened his robe and put his hands on his hips, ”Get to it.”
But he is my Master and can do what he wants with me.
Mary did not look well.
I let my beard grow and had Liam carefully shape it for me. I had lost weight after Mary’s death and Sherlock’s loss because I had no interest in eating. Mycroft’s tailor created suits for me that changed the shape of my silhouette so I looked taller. By the time I got to the villa, my mother would have been hard pressed to pick me out of a crowd.
“Ah Watson, you do know what I like,” I said and watched him struggle to attention.
She looked at him briefly in astonishment and then went back to her usual face, “Nothing gets past you does it?”
Sherlock shook his head, “No, I can’t risk you and you are know as my associate and to some my slave. It has to be me.”
Seb blushed. John was the only one who could get him to do so as he had pledged his life to his Master and with that total honesty. He couldn’t hide his feelings from John if he tried.
I jumped up and promptly fell back down, “How do you know my name?”
Then he started to notice something. There was a smell, a lovely smell. He had never quite smelled anything like it but he wanted to smell it more. He realized that the smell was on Sherlock. John figured that he had changed his body wash or shampoo but whatever it was, it was enticing.
Jim was getting agitated, “If anything happens to John I am taking it out of your hide Sherlock.”
Sherlock took him over to a very strong dog cage and put Toby inside it. As an after though he tossed a soft blanket in as well.
“I promise.”
“Given the slope and character of the printing, I would agree,” said Sherlock.
I looked down to see a thin rivulet of blood trickling in front of me. I quickly deduced that it was from Harold.
I took my shoe and put it under his balls pressing up compressing them against his body.
“Moran, clean him up a bit. We can’t have him bleeding all over the carpet.” She stroked my face almost lovingly.
He raised his hand to his head and said,” Well there must be a tale in here to tell indeed. Where are we?”
As to where Holmes was, Moran was steadfast in his belief that he did not know.  He had been sold to a Turkish potentate but had been returned to Moriarty after a bad debt on the Turk’s part but Moran hadn’t seen him since Sherlock had been returned. He swore this up and down no matter how I tried to trick him.
I turned to my right and saw Moran kneeling with his hands behind his back. In front of him were a number of whips and floggers. He was naked from the waist up and had been beaten recently. I could see where the bullet I had hit him with had gone through his shoulder which struck me as a bit ironic because he had shot me in the same shoulder. Only difference was that he was right handed and I was left handed so it was not going to be as much of a problem for him as it had for me.
We found supper awaiting us when we arrived. I send a note to Mary letting her know I would be late this evening and not to wait up for my return.
Moriarty was going to do one of two things, dig in or run. I hoped he would stay around until he could get back Moran but I was not as sure about that.
but I managed to get the knife from him.
He drops to his hands and knees and crawls sensually towards to lip of the stage using his long limbs to his advantage. He can feel all eyes on him and he can smell the lust in the room getting thicker. He crosses his arms in front of him on the stage and places his chin on his forearm while thrusting his ass in the air.
By the day of the party, we had assembled a map of the house based on the information we were given and had a decent idea where the slaves were being held for sale within it.
“What if my brother ordered you to?” asked Mycroft.
I had such strange dreams of people trying to keep me from injuring myself.
“However I know your little mind Boy,” The Master walked over to a series of drawers and opened one pulling out an object that had the Boy groan.
Comments and Kudos are fuel to the fire.
“I wish to try something with you tonight,” he said carefully.
“Sir this is a great honor,” I said picking up the dagger. It felt good in my hand.
I shivered at that thought and what it might lead to.
He was dazed when Tiger grabbed him out and put his arm behind his back.
He turned his head to see John sitting in a chair with Jim and Seb kneeling on either side of him.
I then realized that he was trying to fight back tears. I unwrapped myself and took him into my arms.
John didn’t think he could move after that. He felt totally spent. He closed his eyes to regroup and felt Sherlock cuming all over him again.
“Relax,” Seb whispered, “If you are tense, it will hurt more. You know this.”
“Strong skull,” I said.
It was to be a masked ball and the participants had their masks delivered to their rooms in the hotel we were at.
“Ah?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He thrust his hips in case I didn’t get the joke.
The next morning was not comfortable as my brother’s elbow was firmly in my ribs. (written in the margin: Well you had your foot in my groin.) We managed to untangle ourselves and looked around before creeping out of our hiding place. We listened to the sound of the birds and animals of the forest. Neither of us heard the hounds that had been so prevalent during our escape.
I tried to stifle a groan that was in my throat.
“I suggest you stay every still and very quiet right now Dr. Watson,” came the growl from behind him. He felt the knife push ever so slightly in causing a drop of blood to trickle down his neck.
“Time to do your business,” said Sherlock picking up the dog leash that was hanging on a peg near the cage, “then you get breakfast if you are good.”
I did as ordered and then heard the sound of a thin cane being whipped through the air a couple of time before I felt the first blow on my buttocks.
“Now we must leave this place before the police arrive. It would not do well for them to find us with the body.”
“Hamish,” I said thinking quickly.
Depression is a really b*itch and I have been fighting it tooth and nail.
I walked slowly over to him allowing him to hear each footstep as I advanced. His breath quickened with each step.
In the confusion of Moriarty falling off the horse and letting go of Sherlock’s collar, I kept moving. I ran into the cave and un-tethered Lucy and threw my saddle and saddlebags on quickly securing them. I swung up and raced out of the cave. I reached down and grabbed Sherlock, pulled him up onto the horse and left.
“Who was that woman?”
As the world went dark I heard Holmes say in a sing-song voice, “My name is not Holmes, it’s Leslie my dear fool.”
Yama grinned, “That I know. But Sherlock?”
While Delek kept Holmes occupied, Yama slipped in and checked me over.
Toby’s stomach growled and he decided to play along. He was a little surprised that Sherlock didn’t put back on all the stuff he has removed last night and wondered if that was not an opening to escape. The shock through his collar told him otherwise.
“I’m sorry. I was wrong to take Jim from you.”
“Good” says the voice in his ear, “That’s very good Pet.”
We looked at each other figuring what we were going to say and then told our Father the path of logic based on our observations that led us to learn of the Marketplace and that the servants in our lives were owned by our father.
A man came in and put down a tray and a pitcher. He backed out and then locked the door.
A look of incredulity passed over her face and vanished as quickly as it had arrived, “I understand Sir.”
“When were you going to tell me that Mary was carrying twins?”
Mycroft handed an envelope to Sherlock, “A new letter. No postmark so hand delivered. Usual threats if I go to the police or the government. But still no real ransom demands just we will be in touch with instructions.”
I am going to have a little more writing time as the world grinds to a halt. So I plan to work through my two unfinished tales along with some other ideas I have been playing with.
Sherlock thought and moment and said, “You are right John.”
The chief’s eyes were glazed over with the look of pleasure and satisfaction. Once he had pulled himself back together he said, “Mycroft underestimates your abilities my friend. You must teach my slave how you did that.”
I nodded and asked, “Which way?”
I waited and listened to what was going on around me. The silence was deafening. I could hear on occasion the sound of footsteps or the slap of a whip or the cry of pain and anguish.
I assisted him to the bed and helped him into it.
I heard others breathing and people being hustled in. I heard a slap and a cry of pain.
“None of that,” said Sherlock as he shook Greg.
He snorted derisively.
“I thought the last had gone out,” I said.
“Yes! I miss it terribly. Pain for me…”
“Oh now now Watson, we can’t have you go off half cocked now can we?”
Sherlock gave a slight smile, “No one more than me. I would be dead without him.”
Lestrade looked at the wax dummy that had been Moran’s target, “But apparently you know something of the matter since it is obvious that there has been an attempt on your person.”
“That I am a toy with holes to be used. They would strap me to a stand and put a gag in my mouth with a ring that held it open. Then Master would bring in guests to play with me. They used dildos and plugs to open me so I could be fucked. My mouth was used too. Sometimes as the same time. They would use me to put out their cigars. They would choke me until I passed out and then dump cold water on me to bring me back.”
I got a length of chain and locked him to the bedpost knowing that he would be off the first moment he got a chance. I put a chamberpot on his side of the bed for his needs and stripped out of my clothes.
His eyes widened as my signal had been noted but the he nodded and said, “I am sure your Master and Mistress were very sad to have to sell you. I will tell them that I saw you in your new home next time our paths crossed.”
John smiled. Somehow at this point he was in control and he was going to use this superpower to his advantage as long as it lasted.
“Ah but I can smell you John and you are starting to smell different.”
He sat up, “I thought it was a dream and I would wake up back in Moriarty’s grasp.”
I took him into my arms and Mary stroked his hand carefully.
“English?” he asked.
“Very pleasantly so,” I said as I petting my slave. I could see his eyes getting heavy.
They had figured out that where ever they were, it was not London.
I found myself confronted with each of Holmes’ pieces as they all stabbed me with knives over and over.
“John, this is an experiment in biology and I think you like it more than you are willing to admit.”
It had been seven years since we had returned from our adventures with Moriarty. Holmes had embraced life with both hands and threw himself back into his work.
Mary’s funeral was a nightmare.
Too much? Too Long?
“If you have anything to say, I suggest you say it now. We might not get another chance.”
Sleep eluded me as I tried wrap my head around what just happened.
“The Kitchen sections can yield some lovely implements to use. A wooden spoon can be used for discipline and you have it in arms reach anytime you are in the kitchen. Now you have to be careful again about bruising unless that is what you are going for.”
I went next to him and knelt on the cushion he had dropped to the floor. I was very grateful for this because the floor was rough oak and very tough on the knees.
He could feel someone walked up to his left side and his good ear and said softly, “What am I going to do to you next. You look so lovely like this.” He felt a breeze as his Master blew in his ear and a shiver went through his body.
My mind was a whirl with all that had happened and everything Holmes had told me but I quickly found myself asleep.
Sherlock whimpered and tried to crawl into my lap.
He hoped for both. That was the best outcome in his book.
He grabbed my chin in his hand and looked into my eyes, “Make Dr. Watson uncomfortable as possible. I am going to get Jim. He’ll want to see that that his trap worked just as he planned.”
“This way,” he said pointing to the left.
He slowly found his brain taking over trying to analyze any data that he could find.
I knew that any children that Mary and I had would be not ours. We might be allowed to raise them if our masters permitted it. The rules were in our marriage contract.
“I don’t know where you are thinking of sticking that thing but I’m a Beta not a bloody Omega.”
Then one morning I just got up on my own and got dressed. Went to the dining room and found my breakfast waiting.
OH and I almost forgot, the story of how Watson became Sherlock's will be published later this year in Laura Antonio's No Safewords II which is also about Watson's relationship to Barton/
Mycroft wiped the tears from his face and drank the water. He waved her out of the room and went back to the computer.
He sighed and said, “That is my burden to bear not yours.”
Dinner was a pleasant affair. The boys quizzed me on my travels and the like. I answered as honestly as I could.
I asked him about the woman that was with Moriarty in Russia. I describe what I had seen to Moran right before I passed out.
“Watson,” he said while lounging in the bathhouse,” Something is troubling you.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Seb.
“How is he?”
“Everything.”
She turned to Moran and said, “I can see why you missed. He is quite lovely.”
Sherlock looked nervous. I could not tell if he was acting or if he was nervous at the time. We took him into the display room. He removed his clothes and placed them in the closet provided. He knelt where he was ordered. Mary and I sat on chairs on either side of him to answer questions. A flogger and a paddle were placed on hooks on a stand next to where Holmes was displayed.
It was heavenly as I found myself floating with the pain. The world seemed to expand and contract at the same time.
The door opened up and a man entered with a ski mask on his face. John studied the exposed eyes looking to see what he was dealing with. Not dead eyes so there was something there to work with.
The nightmare did not seem to end.
I left Lucy in the hands of the stableboy and went to my rooms.
Sherlock didn’t stop so John tried to help him but had his hands slapped away.
Our first half done, we had gone home for the holidays and spent time with our family.
I will warn for physical abuse.
I was taken naked up several flights of stairs and force to kneel up on a cushion with my hands behind my head.
“I have nothing left to lose my dear,” I said, “You have effectively killed both of my masters. Without them I am nothing. I live to serve and if your death is how I leave service then so be it.”
I cried my pain and my concerns and my worries out for all to hear.
He felt a cold panic welling in his chest as his mind went wild with where he was.
We awoke in what seemed to be a storage room. The bags had been removed from our heads and we were lying on a pallet stuffed with straw with our hands still tied. I came to before William and proceeded to untie his hands then waiting for him to wake up so he could untie mine.
“For what? This? This was nothing,” I said gesturing at my bandaged body.
There was a scar across the knuckles of the hand that was very distinctive. I knew that scar all too well having stitched it up and kissed it so many times in the past.
Comments do help me to make sure I am getting my story across.
“Drug me and put me back in the room with Holmes unrestrained. I need to comfort him but I want it to look real to allay his suspicions.”
“Do you have what we are seeking?”
I will warn now that the next couple of chapters of Holmes' story are seriously not nice to him at all. And I know that I am playing fast and loose with some medical stuff.
I finally passed out and could not be revived as my brain just shut down from the pain.
“On what?”
He looked startled at my outburst.
He blushed and said, “Do you want to fuck me or beat me? How else may I give you pleasure?”
Sherlock took Toby up to the kitchen and put milk on the bran cereal that was in the bowl. He put it on the floor and said, “This might be all you are getting today so I suggest you eat up.”
“Moran was the last of the gang that had not either died or been imprisoned. I did not know that he was still alive until word got to me through your friend the chief of a strange tale of the broken English man found in the mountains next to his dead wife who was not totally a woman. He sent someone to check the story out only to discover that Moran was still alive.”
Mary continued to bleed profusely. They could not stop her hemorrhaging.
I turned to find Moran starting to gather himself. I took the hilt of the dagger and bashed him in the head.
Sherlock stood for what felt like an eternity as he became more nervous with each passing minute. He did realize he was shaking until he was touched and guided to a bench and sat down.
This one was very hard to do and I hope that this entertains you even though it can be hard to read. Just know it was very hard to write.
“Have you told John?”
Yama took the empty glass from me and pointed to the floor. I knelt in front of him.
Jim ruffled the man’s hair and said, “Oh I am going to have a lot of fun with you.”
“Moran, it was just a bit of fun. I didn’t mean anything by it. Besides he wanted it. He asked me to give him some form of release.”
A week after we arrived under the cover of darkness, Sherlock Holmes slipped back into our lives and our work began in earnest.
“Johan, tell me what happened to you.”
Delek said, “I wouldn’t have it any other way. You are healing Mr. Holmes but you are not healed. You have a long way to go before you are back to normal.”
I rode Lucy back to the house where we were stay through a circuitous path. I knew it would probably not shake off anyone following me but I was going to make them work for the information.
The inn keeper and his wife turned out to be readers of my missives about Holmes that had been published. They were quite honored to have us in their inn and would not take any money but had us sign their well read copies of the Strand Magazine.
We proceeded through the rooms to a private changing room. We got dressed and Holmes handed me my gun with a very serious look on his face.
I made show of moving my cot to in front of the door, striping my clothes off, and lying down.
The next several days of instruction were harsh. We were tested and ‘taught’ how we were supposes to behave. At one point we lost another of our number to Moran’s gun. He killed her right in front of us so we all got a good view of her brains being splattered all over the floor.
When I finished I noticed a look of shame ghost across his face but quickly vanish.
The rest of the estate was taken care of by tenants that had been part of this land since they were freed from being serfs. They had been informed to give the Manor a wide berth. This was not an unusual command as Mycroft used the Manor for meetings that had to be very much away from prying eyes. The village was very loyal to the Holmes family. They were well paid for their service to the family and their ability to keep quiet. The Holmes’ had paid for the school in the village and made generous donations that helped everyone who lived there. Outsiders were looked on with great suspicion unless they were introduced by the Holmes family.
“All the materials were bought at the same stationary shop. It was placed here three days ago so they have been planning this for a while.”
Afterwards he asked me to show him the gardens again. We settled down on a bench under a tree. The air had a chill and the promise of the winter to come.
Sherlock looked like a boy who had gotten caught doing something he shouldn’t.
“Sorry?”
Moran was chained up in a corner and was being fed by Zaram.
“Do we need the blindfold?”
Mycroft gestured and was handed a portfolio that he opened and pulled out several sheets of paper.
“What sort of experiment?”
“And how is Mycroft?” she asked.
“Well Slave? Why are you here?”
Nicholas had done me one favor and announced that I had died due to an attempt on his life. I later found out he did this at Mycroft’s behest. I had to vanish.
I came back to contentiousness on a cot with my limbs tied up to keep my joints in place. I realized that the gag was still in my mouth and I had also been tied to the cot.
She slashed him across the leg and he screamed again.
“Jim why don’t you stay here,” said Seb.
I tried to talk but I could not. I smelled the vapor of the poppies and breathed it in sinking into darkness and peace.
Moran shouted, “Kneel!”
Sherlock heard the moan from the audience as they expressed their displeasure.
This time the camera was in the room with Sherlock. He was practically hanging by his wrists. His toes were barely gaining any purchase on the floor. Two masked men came in from the door behind Sherlock and stood to either side waiting. John came into the camera view. He went to Sherlock and kissed him tugging on his neck making Sherlock lose balance and was being held up by only his arms. John let him flail a bit and then helped him to stand.
“Did you know?”
He stood up and grabbed me into a bear hug.
I awoke with a hand over my mouth and an arm around my neck.
He took a deep breath and said, “I will tell you what I remember.”
He worked out that he was in a metal coffin with a rather comfortable interior.
I sighed hoping to put off the inevitable conversation that had to be.
“Or rather part of the stable,” said Seb.
“Watson, if I give you the order to shoot, I need you to do so without hesitation. Do you understand?”
He didn't know how to answer without infuriating the man in front of him. John has called him by his Christian name rather than a nickname.
He was out with Greg having a pint when he started feeling off. He saw Greg’s eyes flash red and he realized what was happening.
“I want you to name them William and James. You will know which needs what name when you see them. That’s my wish John. Promise me.”
While he was still unconscious, I carefully walked the room we were in. The light came from the hallway under the door but there was no light source within the room.
“I did enjoy that,” he said, “You were such a good student and even taught me a few tricks I didn’t know.”
I had already put on his formal clothes and the mask. Our hair color was close enough that unless you really looked, you would not be able to tell there had been a switch. I had shaved to match his moustache and beard
I stroked his back and arm while holding him. Mary got up and poured a glass of water from the pitcher in the room. I got him to drink some and drank the rest myself.
“Might do for what you want,” said the man.
I sat down heavily and nodded trying to figure out where to start.
I sat on a stool next to his head waiting for his eyes to open.
Seb sighed and turned to the man pretending to be asleep, “Get up Jim. We may have a problem.”
“Ah,” she said upon seeing me, “You are up.”
He giggled an insane giggle that set the cold in my bones.
The shade of red that his face was turning I knew as a Doctor was not a good sign of his health. He stood up and clenched his fist. I thought he might strike me but instead he took a few deep breaths and sat down.
I laughed through the tears, “I’ll explain later.”
I sank between his legs and placed my hand gently on his groin. I took my other hand and started gently tickling his balls.
(See the end of the chapter for
“A trade,” I said, “I have nothing left to lose and you are probably going to kill me or make me wish I was dead so give me Sherl and I will give you Moriarty.”
He could feel his release pouring out of his body and his legs go week under him as his orgasm had sent his body into ecstasy and his brain seem to just shut off. The world went red then black.
“Yes but we both know that your powers of observation are better than mine,” And I punched him back.
John tried to shift without disturbing the sleeping Sherlock. His back hurt probably from sleeping in one position with a flat-mate practically on top of him. But it was really getting bothersome. His skin seemed over sensitive and he was so warm. Again he was blaming Sherlock. The sheets beneath him were damp but considering the amount of sweat and ejaculation that had happened even in the past day, it was not too surprising. The left side of his neck hurt probably where Sherlock had been sucking on him.
“He can’t go on like this,” I said, “He is already doing himself serious injury.”
“You know what I want.
There was a new note attached with his jackknife awaiting me when I came home but no sign of the man himself.
Buried alive his brain thought as he started to panic. He worked hard to get control of himself because he knew that the oxygen would only last so long.
I followed that with a kiss on the left cheek, “I wish for your discipline.”
He redid what he had done before and helped John to the kitchen table. He sat John down and fastened the leg restrains to the chair. He took short chains and fastened John’s hand restraints to u-bolts in the table which John hadn’t remembered being there before. Sherlock whipped up an omelet, some passing-able toast and strong tea for John and watched him eat.
I tried to reason with him Watson, I really did but he was having none of it. I must die according to him or I had to kill him. As you can see I am still here so you must know the conclusion.
I could see Holmes rush at the men who were manhandling me. One gave him a well placed kick that knocked him back and the wind out of him. They got me out and slammed the door as Holmes shouted at them to take him not me.
She nodded.
“When will I ever be shining shoes blindfolded?” he asked throwing his hands up in the air.
John kept planning his escape and Sherlock kept thwarting him. At some point John figured it would be better to let Sherlock do as he liked because once he got bored with it, this would all be over and declared a failed experiment.
He thrust himself up as high as he could go and then there was contact. He was pushed back into the sling hard. A tap on his chest informed him not to move.
Holmes was one of the last ones standing until the woman came in again with her manservant. He removed the sales collar and replaced it was one of finest leather. Holmes was allowed to dress and say his good-byes to us.
“You…you are alive!” he said with great incredulity.
My luck with infection, however, continued to be wretched and I had become fevered in both body and mind.
And yes we will get an answer to what happened to Sherlock but it might not be one that you expect.
William took James’ hand and said, “Don’t worry our fathers will find us.”
His lids were at half-mast while I continued to lavish my lips and tongue on his hand. I took his thumb into my mouth and started sucking on it. He groaned a pleasurable groan.
She laughed a laugh that sent shivers down my spine.
“He’s dead,” I said with finality in my voice. Of course that is where my mind went first. His body had been fighting so hard but it was obvious to me that he could not continue like this much longer.
The rest of the day consisted of people checking out the merchandise. Holmes was made to stand as his private parts were fondled and examined. He turned and presented his ass to be hit. He went through a series of positions on command.
He stepped back and said, “Brace.”
“I will do as ordered,” I said. He was right. I had been on my own for so long hoping to be reunited with Sherlock that I had forgotten my place and my job.
The man was tied to the wooden post. His hands above his head stretching his arms almost to their limits. Their feet were as well but a little more give to allow the man to stand but barely on the incredibly small platform he has been placed on. His eyes were covered with a leather blindfold and there was a well-used brown leather gag in his mouth.
“Which of your balls do you want to keep? Left or Right?”
Jim smiled. It was true. He could do that well. Isn’t that how he managed to stay alive as long as he had.
“But I can give you my cooking secrets,” I said, “ and you can memorize them.”
The cottage was owned by the Holmes family and had be their summer place during Holmes’ childhood. Mycroft had deeded it to Holmes after the passing of their father along with the cost of any upkeep, which is not a small amount of money that didn’t have to come out of our pockets.
I turned and recognized one of Mycroft’s associates that I had been introduced to. The fact that he used the name we had all agreed upon was a signal to me that he was here under Mycroft’s orders.
“Signs of life,” said Sherlock, “Better than a finger.”
“I will miss you as well my friend,” I said, “Sweet water to you and your tribe.”
He then started the second video, which was John in front of a large pane of glass. John nodded and the videographer went forward to show the room behind the glass. Mycroft sucked his breath in as he saw his brother strapped down in a stress position just like he had his minions do to Moriarty just after they brought him in. The look of pain on his brother’s face soured his stomach.
Hope this is not moving too slow.
I modulated myself and said much quieter, “No, that will not be necessary.”
Sherlock licked up the slick and John could do nothing but moan and groan. If he could only cum, he might be able to think about something anything but how he needed Sherlock to screw him.
“Then we shall have to bath again,” I said, “you will attend me.”
He felt ashamed and quickly cleaned himself up and put his clothes back in order.
Then I thought about it and that last night before Moran had caught up with us. Moriarty had been particularly badly behaved and she had been hitting at me. I remember feeling a sharp pain in my leg at one point but I had put it down to the slap and the stress that leg was undergoing trying to get away from Moran.
I stopped in front of him close enough that he could feel the heat radiating off of me onto his sweat coated skin.
“I didn't mean to put them in harms way John. Believe me on that.”
So it looks like it is going to be one chapter from John's POV and then one from James' POV.
He smiled and said, “Very much myself Watson. Have no care on that subject.”
So he did kill Moriarty and he didn't at the same time.
He preened a bit at the sight of his Alphas defending his honor. Then shook his head wondering where the hell that thought came from.
I finished up my paperwork and kept my habits as normal as possible per Holmes’ orders.
Then one morning I awoke and felt like a worn out rag but I felt alive.
Toby heard John walking behind him then heard water running again. Toby left a hand on his rump steadying him before the tip of whatever was in John’s hand rapidly was shoved into his ass. Toby tried not to struggle but the panic welled up in his gut along with the water that John was pumping in there.
After our nap, I felt quite refreshed. I helped Holmes dress and he allowed me to pull on my undergarments and fresh trousers before following him downstairs to find that dinner had been laid out for us. We ate and talked about this and that. It was a comfortable conversation.
He motioned to his crotch and she scuttled over and proceeded to perform oral service on him while I, stunned into nothingness, watched.
We found ourselves at an inn in a small town of Puddlesworth. There was telegraph office so Holmes sent a wire to Mycroft with a coded message of how things were progressing or rather not progressing.
He stroked the dark curly hair of the man in front of him who leaned into his touch and moaned.
OK I really need to know too much info? Not enough? Interested? Not Interested? More Sex? Less Sex?
“Shortly after Mary died, Mycroft informed me that he had lost track of you and feared you were dead. That you had been sold and the people who bought you were not who we thought they were. I….I….”
Mycroft pointed to a piece of paper on his desk.
“Let me tell you a tale Dr. Watson.”
William let out a sigh of relief, “No one guarding the door.”
He held out his arms and said, “Join me.”
Mycroft’s eyes lit up with hope that Sherlock quickly quashed, “However I do believe that your minions or people in the government have accidently caused this. And it is not due to his activities but because these men believe I can solve their problem and this was my incentive to do so.”
“Uncomfortable….how are you?”
“This water tastes very brackish,” said William.
The name he picked was Johan Sigerson. He created a background of being from Rotterdam. He knew enough people there and Mycroft was able to create a life for him. Holmes spoke Dutch as well as German, French, Russian, and Italian with a passing knowledge of Chinese and Arabic. He was able to affect an accent of someone who was born in Rotterdam but spent a majority of his life in England.
But my annoyance changed the moment I saw what awaiting me in the middle of the room.
“You vanished on us there for a bit. Mr. Holmes said to let you be for a while but today was the deadline before he had to take measures.”
“He was sold to a third party that we can not connect to any of the Marketplace owners and the people who bought him have vanished as well. They were there under aliases. The people they were thought to be were found dead and buried in their villa a week ago.”
Hassan dropped to the ground in front of me and bowed, “My master’s father offers you an invitation of hospitality at his house.”
“I understand you have tidings of my lost Tiger,” I heard a voice say.
“Where are we?”
“Please Sherlock.”
She grabbed Winston and pulled him by the collar in front of me. She pointed at my groin and said, “Suck him off.”
He shook his head and said, “No. Not formal. John, talk to me. What is going on with your Master? We all heard the music that he created and it sang to our souls.”
Sherlock grunted as he examined the envelope carefully before opening it.
He gave me such a look of dread and hopelessness. I gave name to that dark thought     that had been running around in his head.
“Then bring him to the healing room and let me see what damage was done. You went too far Holmes.”
I noticed that both men were very uncomfortable with my brother’s nudity.
Sherlock pulled his phone out of his other pocket and dialed, “Seb, pick me up in the usual place. We have to save John and I know where we need to go.
“How long?” I finally croaked out.
In one of the bins they found John’s jacket with his wallet, cell phone and other items in the pockets.
“Sir?”
I knelt in front of him, “Holmes, I need you. Mycroft needs you which in turn means that England needs you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good boy,” said Sherlock tying off his leash to a bar on one side of the fireplace. Toby notices that there were a series of bars around the fireplace. He had no idea why they would be there.
“What did you do?”
We found ourselves in well situated in a comfortable room with two over stuffed beds.
“And if they don’t?”
“Your duties during the day will be to tutor my two sons. They will be off to university in two years time and I want to make sure that they will do well. You will hone their English and Russian along with testing their knowledge on various subjects.”
Greg sniffed his neck and said, “You still smell wonderful.”
“My treasure,” purred his Master who pulled a stool next to the cot and sat down, “My absolute treasure.”
“What’s that?”
“You Alpha. Please Alpha. Please…..”
“That’s it John. Just let it happen. Get some rest you have a long day ahead of you tomorrow.”
Sherlock was shivering. I kicked myself that I hadn’t grabbed the blanket. I couldn’t light a fire. So I did the only thing I could and wrapped my arms around Sherlock holding him so that my body warmth could help him.
“What’s the problem?”
“Then I will stay too,” I said.
Once darkness started to set in, Holmes called a halt and we found an inn to stay at. I had packed us both rucksacks with what we needed for the night and might stretch it for a couple of days if we were kind to our clothes.
Something happened a couple of weeks later that allowed Sherlock Holmes to emerge from hiding and take his rightful place in English society.
“Well this one is not your fault Sherlock other than you are Sherlock Holmes the great detective. Seb, this doesn’t involve you at all either unless John decided that the Mafia needed a dressing down.”
“Strip,” came the command.
I did as ordered and went back to my room. I stripped and curled up next to my Master. He put his arms around me and sighed a happy sigh in his sleep.
James and Jamie came in and examined the wounds already on my body.
“That’s good,” said the voice in front of him.
Winston said with a tremor in his voice, “It was my error Master. I told him to pack the trunk I didn’t inform him to leave it open.”
My Watson so carefully trusted up like a Christmas goose and ready for my every whim.
Mycroft gave a stiff bow to Holmes and one to me, “We are grateful to both of you for your service.”
“I can’t think!”
We shook hands and parted ways.
John looked at Sherlock as his brain processed what was being said.
He chuckled, “May be we should compare notes sometime.”
I heard coming down the corridor the voice of my Mistress, “Who is a liar Moran?”
At that point the door opened and a monk entered with our breakfast.
“One of the stable hands is gone and our math professor has not reported in but he had been off on an errand that might take him a number of days,” said the Head Master.
All went down on one knee and bowed to her as she passed.
“Holmes, this is different. You did not go out and procure these concoctions, they were forced upon you. And according to Yama after your body becomes stronger, you will be able to stop the drugs they have you on.”
“Sir, I am at your command,” I said dropping to my knees in front of him.
He giggled at the absurdity of what they had just done and they followed suit and everyone ended up laughing.
They took my arms and legs and tied me down to the stone. I could hear a humming in my head but it was comforting.
“John,” I heard her whisper.
Holmes saw what I was doing and stopped me from moving.
“What does that tell you?” asked Molly.
Yama looked stunned. He collected himself and said, “No.”
A knock at the door broke his train of thought.
“Oh Watson, what have I done? What have I done?”
Yama said very gravely, “Mr. Holmes, you haven’t been yourself for months. What is the last thing you remember?”
I was bereft of everything. I stepped into the carriage I was direct to and found myself taken to my house.
“You really screwed up,” he growled.
Holmes wanted to play the part but I did not feel he really had a grasp as to the part he would be playing.
“Shhhhhh,” I said and took his arm in my hands, “You had no choice. They drugged you. They made you an addict.”
I let him carry me from the practice room back to our quarters where he tended the bruises that he had given me along with my other injuries.
“I liked to draw as a boy. It didn’t go any further than that.”
“Flogger,” she said holding out her left hand.
John watched Sherlock drift off.
As the man doubled over, he found himself grabbed by someone else.  He punched him and was about to punch the man who grabbed his hand but he realized it was Greg. He took comfort in the smell of his Alpha.
“The answers are three days since we found you. Not much damage. Yes we have them and await your orders. You need to really rest and then we can take care of the rest of it.”
I tried to stand but fell back on the bed. He helped me up.
He gave a light tug and the man crawled behind him all the way to the car. He situated the man on the floor of the car and threw a blanket over him.
He watched as the two men settled themselves on the bed and each started to fondle the other man. They kissed passionately as they slowly brought each to climax. The sounds were worthy of the best porn and John found his cock getting hard again and the slick was sliding down his legs.
I started to protest but Delek looked at me and I knew it was useless. I nodded.
He felt the lash across his chest then thighs and finally across the exposed flesh of his underarms. He softly groaned after each one trying to keep his balance on the block he was standing on. He could feel the blood rolling down his body and mixing with the beads of sweat that were pouring off his body. The sting of where cut met salt caused a slight intake of breath.
I stood up and placed my hands behind my back. She walked around me examining my throat and the harness around my waist.
_-_-_-_-_
“How so?”
I made my exit after Holmes indicated that he would be going to bed shortly and he would see me tomorrow afternoon at the Turkish bathes we so loved.
“It is interesting this concoction that I have flowing though his veins right now. It makes the body so much more sensitive like all the nerves are exposed and anything that touched him is pain. He has developed a tolerance but still…”
Sherlock tied the leash off to a hook leaving Greg wanting. The smell emanating from John was intoxicating.
He took that as an indication to continue and he reached in and pulled my member out through the slit in my undergarments. He looked at it carefully stroking it and watching my reaction to his ministrations. I was not very articulate.
He cocked his head and stared at me for a bit but obeyed the order and curled up next to me. I check him over for any new injury but there was none.
He looked startled and then composed himself quickly. He looked to Father for guidance but none was to be had since our Father looked stunned that I had asked that question.
“He’s in with the Inspector but…”
He produced a leather collar and a small lock. He put the collar around my neck and locked it. The weight gave me comfort.
-_-_-_-_-_
My knees gave out at some point and I fell to the ground.  I thought I heard some shouting but I wasn’t sure with the ringing in my ears.
I caught a whiff and recognized the smell of the poppy.
“I take it you are pleased Sir,” he said with a twinkle in his eye.
Without thinking I started to traverse the waterfall as there was a small foot path under the raging water.
They were the distinctive eyes of Sherlock Holmes.
“I don’t think you are going to get the response you want.”
“You aren’t eating,” he said with concern in his voice, “You’ve lost more weight.”
Later he had come to my surgery trying to get me to buy some books from him. I turned around to see where he was pointing only to turn around and see my Master standing in front of me.
“Shhshhhhshhh,” said Sherlock as he stroked the man’s head like he would a dog, “Just do as I say and no harm will come to you. Now let’s get this hood back on. I think you will feel better then.”
“They are like rabbits, every time you think you have them under control, another burrow shows up on our lawn,” said Jim filing his nails.
Greg realized that the muzzle and gag had been removed, “Hello.”
Mycroft said, “If Uncle John is amenable to it, then yes.”
Greg worked himself around to John’s side and his head under John taking the cock as ordered into his mouth. The cock was driven further down his throat as Sherlock entered and started to pound John’s ass with abandonment. Any control was gone as he entered his Omega. In short order John came down Greg’s throat.
He came back with news that did not fill my heart with joy.
“And good boys get a reward.”
“Shall we?” Will said.
“Maybe we can get word to Father or our Uncles?”
“Really, we are going to do this now?” I said “We have an injured man. We are G-d knows where. I strongly suggest that you stay put.”
Sherlock was still for a bit but the feeling became too much and he started to struggle as the water fell onto his face. The sound choking and coughing rang in Mycroft’s ears. Jim whimpered and clutched onto John. John just watched Mycroft as this was all happening.
“Ass Up! Head Down!” came the order.
“I ask a boon first friend John.” He pulled the slave off his cock by his collar and pushed him aside. The slave went to his hands and knees with his mouth open waiting for his next order.
And it went like this for about a week. I grieved for my losses and others took care of me and kept an eye on me.
“Yes,” I replied trying not to put the fear in my voice that I felt in my heart.
“Mr. Holmes, my father knew who you were the first time he set eyes on you. He told me how he was planning to use you to break your older brother and thus break the Marketplace through him. Don’t try to deny who or what you are to me. I do not sanction what my father was trying to do. However I cannot have you here. I will send you back to Moriarty and you may complete whatever you are trying to do.”
I learned a couple of new swear words from the litany that came pouring from his lips. He excoriated my parents, Mary, my previous Master, my looks, my abilities as a torture, which he did take back in the end, and anything else he thought he might get to me with.
Not everything went as smoothly as his appearance.
“Moran my pet, I think you deserve a reward. In fact you are allowed release,” said voice one
I felt his release on my hand as he cried out my Christian name.
“But that is the only kindness you will get from me. I debated for a long time what to do with you and your companion while you were buried alive.”
I pulled on the trousers and shirt they had given me and followed him.
“Ah good,” he heard Sherlock rumble, “You are back with us.”
“So much for the lock picks,” I whispered with a sigh.
I hope that you are all doing well in these uncertain times.
“Very responsive. I can see why Sherlock screams your name. Too bad he isn’t doing much screaming these days.”
I found myself sitting outside the baths with Zaram playing a game of dice that we both loved. I was losing to his skills for a while before my luck changed and I found myself owning a set of camels and two breeding horses.
“Two weeks of being my own man is a start,” he said rather cheerfully, “maybe your plan will work for us.”
“Why on G-d’s Green….”
Sherlock could almost see the look of shock behind the mask.
“Very responsive. Oh I could have so much fun with you but I have a party to attend right now. We’ll have to pick up the conversation later. Cage this lost puppy and I’ll put him through his paces.”
Leaving was not as easy as packing my bag and running off to find my Master. I wish it had been but protocols had to be seen to and I needed some people to watch my back.
He finished his tea and put on the television to find out what he was going to miss over the next couple of days, which included a football match he had tickets to go see with Greg. Well that wasn’t going to happen now.
Once we got to the outskirts of Rampur, I sent Pason to scout out if Moriarty was still in the city.
John relaxed his body knowing the blow was coming. Most of the damage came from the impact so if he went with it, it might not hurt as much.
“Anyone who might feel slighted by something Mycroft did recently? Lose money or property or status?” I asked.
“Right,” said John and he stormed off to the room with everyone getting out of his way and back to their desks.
“Stand up!” I commanded, “Hands behind your back and face me.”
He moaned at the lack of contact.
“I am John Watson. I was wounded in the Afghan Campaign. The wound was infected and I had a case of enteric fever, which mustered me out of the army. I am no longer a surgeon but a general practitioner in London. I have a scar where the bullet went through.”
“What was the delay?”
Each chapter will be an vignette in my version of the Omega-verse and will stand alone but will be within my timeline for the two.
He stayed until his own physician had checked me over. I was instructed to rest and given a series of instructions to follow.
She ran her hand across my naked chest. I could feel it and the breeze that followed. It was the most intense feeling I had ever encountered. It was like my nerves were overly sensitive.
Both Mary and I tried not to laugh. It was not a laughing matter. We called upon our training to stifle the giggles that were coming to our lips. Thank G-d he was blindfolded so he could not see our faces.
John tapped Sherlock’s hand with his other hand and then signed ‘not your fault’.
Sherlock knelt down by Greg and pushed him back,” You want him this badly?”
John sat up and thought, “It would be nice to have a cuppa right now.”
“Unfortunately we do not but several boys saw what they assumed one of the first years enter with a note and hand it to your nephews,” said the Provost.
“Oh?”
We had won.
“Are you sure? The price will be high,” said Sherlock making what Greg was saying through the gag.
Yeah, I am still working on this but it has been like pulling teeth.
John smiled a bigger grin. He knew that Sherlock knew that John was in charge now.
I found myself back in bed with Sherlock. He was looking at me with such concern in his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Delek saw where I was looking.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock heard everyone leave but John.
“And why is he not naked?”
Yama nodded, “To hold onto himself, he let other pieces of himself to fragment. We have so far counted six other personalities in his head besides your Master.”
“If you punish me then Master won’t. You have to punish me!”
“Ah,” was the sound I made but in that I tried to convey my desire and wantonness.
I sat and he joined me. He traced his fingers over the scar looking very thoughtful.
“Not everything,” I said looking at him.
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock on the forehead.
Moran pulled out a gun from the holster that was behind his back and shot Harold in the head. Harold was dead before he hit the floor.
John check Sherlock’s bum and put some soothing cream on it.
I had plenty of capital to spend on this venture between the monies for the sale to Wilson, the monies from my house for my sales, and the rather large bequest from my original Master. I put this in Mycroft’s hands so he could get me the funds I needed along the way.
“Ppppplease don’t hurt me,” he stammered deciding on giving them the harmless Dr. Watson that he had made sure to write. People were underestimating him before Sherlock now it was so much easier.
He groaned his frustration as he tried to hold himself on the edge. He thought about his errands he needed to run and that tie he thought would look good with his brown suit.
“Sherlock Holmes, we have Dr. Watson in a very secure location. If you care to have him live them you will follow the instructions in the package you will find under the morgue table at Bart’s. If you do not comply or we have any hint that you have gone to the police, we will dump Dr. Watson’s body in the Thames and you might find it in the spring if you are luck.”
John watched and palmed the growing erection in his pants figuring out what he was going to do with it.
‘Damn it,’ thought John, ‘Thumbs it is.’
I moved my few items that I had left in the house back to Baker Street and settled back in with Mrs. Hudson and Liam as my valet.
The man nodded and felt his private parts bounce with each move his head somehow tightening the cord around them. He blew air out around his gag in frustration. He knew he was better than this. He had suffered more in his life. This should be easy...
“What did you DO!” I cried.
“No, you can’t. You are hindering him,” said Delek.
I smiled, “No, you need sleep and this relaxes you.”
“Shhh Shhh,” said John, “You can do this. Just a little longer.”
“What?”
John came back into frame as they released Sherlock from the manacles and he fell in a heap on the floor gasping for breath.
I rolled up my other sleeve and slashed my arm again. The pain sang through my body like a missing lover.
He continues to suck on the dildo moving it in and out. He can hear groans from the audience. He lets go of the pole and stands up. He takes the rip cord for his royal purple harem pants and pulls. The gauzy material, which hadn’t really been much over, floats to the floor.
Mycroft shook his head and said, “Brother, you continue to surprise me.”
The man on his right straighten up and huffed against the gag in his mouth.
Both Holmes’ gave me that look that made me feel like the most uneducated person in the room.
Sherlock pulled the large envelope from his coat and placed it on the table.
Sherlock focused on his breathing waiting for the blow to fall.
“I told you to KILL him. How do you know that Lord Barton had not confided in his slave what he suspected? You saw his file. You know his loyalty and record of service. He’s a loose end and the fact he ended up with a Holmes is high suspect especially since he is HERE NOW.”
The A/O Interrogation rooms had been set up to seal scent away from the rest of headquarters and had their own ventilation systems. It would be the safest place right now for John to be.
I heard him say as I passed out, “Apparently you have no idea who my father is.”
I saw the look of concern and anger in his eyes so I quickly said, “I gave it to him for safe keeping. I saw no reason to have it around since you were not here for me to need it.”
“Clock is ticking gentlemen,” said Sherlock as he got into the vehicle. Sharky managed to fit in the seat in the back barely.
“I suggest you both take this…discussion to the A/O interrogation room.”
We both knew this meant we had to risk going further in to Moriarty’s quarters.
“How can we help you?” I asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft look was very dark, “They know if they do there is no where on this planet they might try to hide that I cannot pull them out of and make them wish the thought of kidnapping my boys ever crossed their minds.”
I did as he asked. I could feel his hands just above my skin but not quite touching it.
“Now, now you know the rules,” said the voice of his Master, “You wanted a challenge.”
“Do you think he was lying to you?”
“Welcome,” she said, “And thank you for coming. I know this was a little out of the way but I assure you it will be worth the trip. You know the rules and have agreed to abide by them. At the end of the evening if you wish to purchase our merchandize that we have on display, please see Seb or Thomas for purchase price and papers. Now please enjoy the delights we have provided.”
He clapped his hands and we were shown to our rooms.
I hope you enjoyed it. I promise to get back to these two characters so check back. Right now I have another tale I want to tell but in another universe.
Mycroft said quietly, “John, Mary may be carrying the Holmes heir in her womb. Any child she births is owned by both families until they reach majority and can decide their path. I know she had congress with Sherlock and is the first female to do so.”
“Who are you?”
Toby was looking around trying to figure out where he was as Sherlock had put the blanket over his head. He tried to sit up to look out the window but found himself on the floor as his collar was activated.
“No. Remember nothing can hurt you. Observe only.”
Once in jail we were taken to the pit and dumped in.
“Aw, don’t worry Sherlock. I am sure we have made our point. He’ll do what we ask from now on, won’t you Mycroft?’”
Longer seemed an eternity but eventually John pulled out the plug and, much to Toby’s shame, everything came out.
Toby reluctantly came to all fours and followed Sherlock to the elevator in the back of the house.
“Now we want to make sure that the subject can feel the pain but we don’t need it to fight what we are doing.”
“Holmes!” he shouted dragging him back.
The Tiger nodded.
“Close your eyes,” came the order which I obeyed only to find Holmes placing his tie across my eyes as a makeshift blindfold.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
Finally one of Mycroft’s minions heard a rumor related to Moran.
Holmes cuffed me once about the head, “Behave.”
“Stop it. This way leads to madness.”
“I understand,” I said rather woodenly.
Sherlock managed to get John to roll over ass up and head down. He removed the anal plug and John felt the slick rolling out of him. He was disgusted and aroused all at the same time.
Mycroft waited until he heard the front door close.
He sat up amazed that he was not restrained until he realized that there was a harness around him that was attached to the wall. He tried to figure a way out of it for a bit and tested the limits all the time muttering to himself. I caught that he was giving himself information to help him remember who he was.
“We have talked about this,” said Yama admonishing Holmes, “You must keep your distance until Delek says otherwise.”
I hesitated for a moment and found head snapping around after she slapped my face.
I needed to get a message to Mycroft but that is close to impossible since we apparently just missed the last caravan before the snows set in. The next one would come through in the spring.
Jim and Seb were in bed.
He grunted but did not cry out.
I found myself falling into a routine in the house. During the day I would work with his twin sons Hans and Fritz on their studies. At night I was used by the Baron in whatever manner he wanted. On many weekends I would find myself being used by the Baron and others as a test subject.
“Holmes?” I said as he went to leave.
John leapt onto the bed and started scenting Greg paying attention to his armpits and groin. Greg moaned and thrust in frustration. John growled and Greg stopped moving. Sherlock sat up on the bed observing the two men and stroking his cock.
Seb could feel tears coming to his eyes from the hair pulling but he grounded himself and said, “No, I do not. Tony likes women exclusively and had banged his way through most of the girls he has met. Leonardo is playing straight but I think he loved Tony in a way that Tony will not return. I think he is only interested in Tony not in all men.”
John raised his head slightly that seem to satisfy his captors. He could hear one moving behind him and then the feeling of cold steel touched his throat.
Liam, my valet, came in and got me ready for bed. I was taken to my room upstairs and put to bed.
I went around to my surgery to find Leslie had keep things in fine condition. Wilson was in my office writing up notes for various cases he had done.
We fell asleep and did not wake until the monks came to change my bandages the next morning.
Tears of anger filed my eyes and threatened to spill over, “All I wanted was to find my Master and bring him home. You shame me with all that I failed to do to protect him.”
Seb choked on the scotch he just drank, “A therapist? Really?”
“Jesus,” said John.
Wilson said, “I was afraid that might happen. John you were in a fugue state at the time. I don’t think you were thinking much of anything but ending whatever hell you had descended into.”
I went under cover of darkness with Pason and we were received at the home of the Nawab.
I could not suppress the sounds coming out of my mouth.
“Let Jamie go,” said Moran who had grabbed Sherlock and put a gun to his head, “Or I swear you will watch another Master’s head explode.”
He stood there for a moment and then took his hands and ran them over my face. He smiled, “It is you.”
They went right for his nose with a sharp jab. He heard the crack and could feel the blood pouring down his face and the back of his throat. They did seem to know what they were doing.
She mouthed, “Shall I?”
Seb kissed Jim, “I promise you a treat if you obey me.”
“William was very put out because he was half way through one of his experiments and he had to bin the whole thing,” said Lorna with a light laugh.
“As you wish,” I said getting up and going to the bathroom that had been refitted with a large tub and flushing privy among other things.
His Pet started to lick and nibble on the rapidly hardening man flesh in front of him.
I motioned that he should come into my arms. I held his trembling body against my own and stroked his back trying to comfort him.
At one point I was picking up abandon mugs and glasswear when I heard behind me, “Johan? I hadn’t expected to see you here. How have you been?”
Sherlock’s eyes had gone red. He was in rut. He plunged into John with no regard for the smaller man but John didn’t mind at all.
Lady Forrester was in attendance as was Lord Willingham. I spent my time outside her door listening to her cries of pain. I grew concerned at the length of time this was taking. I wanted to go in the room and offer support but didn’t think it was my place.
He held up his hand, “No, Delek said that I should find someone I trust and tell them what I do remember before I go away.”
Moran was alone. I heard no other horses or footsteps following him.
“Only two weeks. Long enough to realize what he was up to and divert his attention from you to me. I did take Mycroft into my confidence and was staying with him.”
Pason took care of making sure that we were ready to flee the minute we got Sherlock back. He took care of the horses and packing. I gave Zaram the Stallion that Moran had been riding as a present and promised Lucy to Pason once the adventure was done.
The next morning Sherlock woke up to find John already up and about. He threw on his bathrobe and walked into the kitchen.
Seb gave an imperceptible nod.
He placed his hands on my knees and slowly ran them up to my groin. I could feel all the blood draining quickly to that region of my anatomy.
“I believe that was our ‘host’ Lord Tackart who had some rather heated discussions with about trade with Father. But I don’t think he is behind this. He is doing this for someone else.”
“How? How am I doing that? I am his abject slave in all things. If he wants me to go, let him tell me himself.”
Somewhere in John’s brain a thought started to form. It was like he just had to think hard and his alphas would obey him. But that can’t be?!?!?
“Always ruining my fun my tiger. How many times have I told you….No, I apologize Seb that was uncalled for. Thank you for bringing that to my attention.”
“THIS IS POINTLESS,” roared Holmes as he started to chuck the shoe that was in his other hand and I stopped him.
Mycroft hit a button under the desk next to him and a young woman appeared through a door I had not seen due to it being cleverly disguised as a bookcase.
Sherlock leaned over him and sunk his teeth into John’s neck right where the scent gland was in a left handed Omega.
Moriarty laughed and turned to me after grabbing Sherlock’s collar and pulling him up to kneeling, “You are right, I am going to make you wish you were dead Dr. Watson and then I am going to make you wish it all over again and again. Grab him Moran.”
“The roof was redone last summer and there hasn’t been a problem since. Mr. Holmes had talked to me about running power to the place but we aren’t set up for that yet so you will be dealing with that but he did have an oil burner installed for heat and hot water. I made sure that the tank was full before you arrived. Depending on your stay, you can tell me if you need it refilled.”
“Or are you here to find your Master? Hmmmm….questions upon questions.”
“Sherlock for the last time, I am a Beta. I have always tested as a Beta. I have lived as a Beta.”
Comments feed my muse.
“Shoot Watson,” came the command, “Kill him!”
I had to go back where this all began.
The brush went hurtling across the room and hit the wall with a loud smack.
“No Mycroft, this just won’t do,” said Holmes, “you are scaring him and we both know what happens when you back Watson into a corner. It doesn’t go well for any of us.”
“Well wish him a Happy Valentine’s Day from me and thank him for the show.”
The servants managed to discover, with a little bit of money to help, quite a bit about the owners of the villa and the strange goings on at the villa. There had been wild parties with lots of food and drink. The orgies were legendary as foreigners came to the villa to partake in forbidden fruit. There were stories about secret rooms with objects of pain and pleasure being used on the flesh. Their hedonism was well know and the gossip of the town but they had money and most of the town’s businesses had depended on them for their income.
“No Master,” I said in a very rough voice.
“Ummmm…no?” I said not quite sure what he wanted me to say.
The Tiger took Sherlock over some of the worst roads in London. Sherlock relaxed with the bumps although that didn’t stop the bruises he was getting. He took his mind off of his situation by figuring out where they were in London and where they were going.
Sherlock smiled and sat down.
Sherlock sat back and watched the two men slowly lose themselves into their most primal selves.
“How?” I asked, “Why are they at Eton? They are only 11 years old. 13 Holmes, you told me that they would be going to Eton at 13.”
“Note the color now. I was careful not to break the skin but leave the area red and slightly swollen. This now makes the blows more painful. Jim?”
“I am going to remove my hand from your mouth. If you scream, I will snap your neck. Now nod if you understand.”
At our Uncle John and Uncle Sherlock’s request, we have recorded what happened to us during our first year at Eton and the adventure we had while there.
First things first, he thought and managed to get his wrists free from the zip ties which seemed more for show than restraint.
I stood and drank in the visual of the man on his knees with his hands tied behind his back and then attached to the ropes around his legs. A rope harness left his sensitive nipples out for easy play. And the ropes were a lovely red color contrasting with Watson’s skin making him a work of art. There was a red silk scarf wrapped around his head as a blindfold.
Sherlock helped him sit up on the edge of the bed and gave him his mug of tea.
“With my life Sir. As if they were my own,” she said with a bow of her head.
Sherlock shuttered at the memory of the sensory deprivation tank.
“Yes,” I said trying not to let the sob in my chest escape my throat.
Sherlock nodded.
He soundly beat me with his belt while I kept from making a sound or rather tried to. The occasional groan or moan would escape my lips.
He grabbed the lead of the third man and yanked hard making the man choke as he got to his feet. He removed the headphone and the blindfold and choked the man again.
“FUCK YOU!”
I changed his bandages once a day.
He sighed, “I remember that day. Hugging Mary….how is Mary?”
It would be the last of Holmes I would see in quite some time.
Moriarty came over to me and said, “You did very well ‘Johan’. You endured your punishment well so we have agreed you deserve a treat.”
“Sir?” I asked.
Both men shook their heads and Yama said, “And at this point you cannot tell him what is happening to him. We hope that soon we can but right now it is not safe.”
‘This is not the time to be clever’ he told himself, ‘this is a time to make amends’
I had been helping Lestrade on a case involving multiple poisonings that did not seem to be connected. Most of the persons poisoned held various positions within Her Majesty’s government and had ties with the foreign office. Worries were that someone was trying to destabilize the British Empire. Mycroft had insisted that I give the case my time and energy.
John giggled, “Have your way? Really Greg?”
We were up in the mountains when Moran finally caught up with us. There was a chase that ended up with me with my back up against a wall and a shear cliff in front of me. Moran coming up to my left and a waterfall that I could not ford on my right. I grabbed Moriarty and put my dagger to her throat. Sherlock stood next to me as Moran came around the corner then ran to him before I could grab him.
John paused and took a sip of the cup of tea that was at his elbow, “Did you do as I asked to our two Mafia Mistakes?”
After I was sated, I followed my next order and went to my room where I found my leather cuffs, my collar, a blindfold, and a leather ring awaiting me.
Sherlock crouched down to Toby’s eye level and started petting him and ruffling his hair, “You are going to be my good pet. Make me proud and I will give you a treat.”
“Strip and Present!” came the command.
I shuttered at the thought.
He gave a slight bow to his hosts and came over to me. He picked up my left hand and examined it and then the right.
He stood up but he kept his back hunched and his left leg canted. I wrapped a towel around his waist and put a robe around me.
Mary would be buried in the Forrester Family crypt awaiting her mistress to join her in the hereafter.
“Who’s your Alpha?” he growled at Greg.
I heard a growl from behind me and turned in time to see Holmes rushing at me to attack. I tried to defend myself but he quickly over powered me. He clawed and scratched me like an animal then tried to bite my throat, which I managed to defend him from doing so. He grabbed me and I felt my head hit the stone pavement hard and then I felt no more.
It never fell.
She stood up and walked over to me and pushed her fingers into the scar of the bullet wound, “You happened Dr. Watson and I plan to kill you slowly for what you have done. You know the saying a life for a life. You did kill James Moriarty. You shot him in the neck and he bled out before anything could be done. You injured my poor Sebastian and cause him much pain. I plan to do the same to you.”
I felt his fingers slick from some form of oil teasing just outside my pucker. I took my hands and spread my ass cheeks giving him better access to his goal.
He finished putting me back together and bowed to the polite applause of the crowd.
Within a fortnight I found myself back at the castle and in Moriarty’s hands but something had changed while I was gone. I found myself descending into hell.
We found ourselves manacled and paraded through the streets to the jail to await our trial on counts of kidnapping.
“She had some other news for me that impacts us greatly.”
We rode to the next village soaked to the skin. The water had gotten everywhere.
He snorted derisively, “Watson you do not give me enough credit.”
Janan nodded.
Mary and I settled into the Manor in the south of France. Actually it was the rather roomy caretaker’s cottage because the house was too big for the two of us. Mycroft had sent all the servants away so we could work in secret. We had to take care of the horses in the stable and some of the farm animals that were on the grounds near the Manor.
“I apologize but I did not hear what you said.”
“Alpha,” Greg whined. He dropped low and started to lick the precum off of Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock had been given a woman’s outfit to wear and I did not protest. Considering the other things that had set him off, I had a bad feeling that male clothing on him would do so.
“Dr. Watson, care to join the conversation, Moran I want him back,” said Moriarty as he choked Shirley on his cock while he came. She tidied him up and knelt next to his chair with eyes on the floor. But I noticed that there were some careful looks at me. Maybe all was not as lost as I thought.
He sighed a heavy sigh, “You need to know.”
He reached around and grabbed my ass while pressing his body against me. He wiggled a finger under the strap and felt the plug that had been inserted in my ass.
Seb was at the desk looking over the computer.
“I would never even suspect Lord Tackart of this sort of subterfuge.”
I complied with the order. Leather cuffs were put on my ankles. I could feel my member thickening but tried to think it away.
“But Holmes, your brother, on the information we gave him, has rounded up the blaggards who threatened the Marketplace both in England and abroad. Moriarty is dead in whatever form they care to take. Moran too. Those who injured you so very badly are dead and gone. There is nothing to keep you from returning to our home.”
He had just finished putting his tea together when he heard a growl and was tackled from behind. He managed to avoid the kitchen table  and get his hands out in front of him on the way down to the floor.
“Ah,” he said, “That helps.”
I kept quiet knowing that anything I said would not go well. I had seen unhinged people like Moriarty before.
He smiled and felt loved. He knew that his master was going to watch all of this on camera and, if he was lucky and did well, he would be able to see the recording too.
I said in the language of the monestary,
I went back to my saddlebags for my medical kit and noticed that Sherlock had worked almost loose of the saddle I had tied him to.
“You must,” said Mycroft, “you and only you can do this. We are compromised and I cannot find out where or who. This is the only way we can be sure of our safety and the safety of the Marketplace as a whole.”
We walked into the cottage and Holmes turned to me and said, “Strip and present.”
He held up his hand and I went silent.
They went to the backyard and Toby peed behind the bushes again trying for a little privacy and dignity.
“I did no such thing!” came the protest as Simion got gingerly to his feet, “The slave was begging me…”
I found myself staring at the fire. I could hear Mary moving around the kitchen. My heart hurt and I felt pain in my shoulder where the bullet had passed through. I was sending my Master to battle and I could not be at his side. I felt a tear fall down my cheek. How could I do this? How? It should be me. I can’t bury another one.
I shivered at that.
“Hit a nerve did I? Oh I think you would be most surprised how well Sherlock took to his training once we convinced him to do so. Something about threatening those he holds dear I think was a big help.”
Medically this is playing fast and loose with medical possibility.
They perused the envelope for a few more minutes before Sherlock handed it over to Mycroft with his jack knife.
“Take the hoods off,” said john, “let’s spell out what is about to happen to them and the consequences if they do not comply.”
First I placed the leather ring around my cock and balls knowing that if I didn’t do that first, I would have a difficult later.
I picked the lock on the door and carefully opened it. We pulled the bodies into the room and Zaram took position at the door.
“It was all a matter of smell. I made swabs of our sweat during our last heat and then dabbed them on you for the past couple of days.”
“Seems to be,” replied the voice of the second dead man.
His boy whined in protest but obeyed.
I looked down and saw the dagger at my waist. He was right, I did have the means and the way to get him out.
I shook my head ‘no’.
He took two sets of noise cancelling headphones and turned on the white noise. He put them on the man to his far right and his far left.
I nodded.
“James is very artistic. He is the quieter of the two,” said Mycroft with a touch of pride in his voice, “William takes after his father in so many ways.”
“Have we learned anything?”
Yama, Delek and I proceeded to tell Holmes all that had happened since we had arrived at the monastery. They filled in some gaps in my memory.
I sold the house and surgery to Wilson. It was the best solution for my clients and me. They knew Wilson since he was the Doctor who took over when I was off gallivanting with Sherlock or ‘vacationing’ with Mary. Lord Willingham paid me a fair price for the whole thing. Mycroft’s slaves went back to his house as did Lady Forrester’s to hers.
Seb said, “Shall we kill them?”
Yama helped me move my hands down to my sides and then to sit carefully on a bench. He handed me some fruit concoction that they drank and I had found tasty. I drank it down.
I saw Moran’s eyes light up at the site in front of him.
Next the collar went round my throat and the heavy metal ring felt cold against my skin but warmed up in short order.
“Are you sure Sir?” he asked rather smugly.
He recognized the eyes staring at him through the mask.
He awoke to Sherlock nuzzling him. It took him a few to figure out that Sherlock was scenting him.
He undid the leash from the bar and said, “Toby, come.”
His mind went back to earlier today when he presented the challenge to his Tiger.
“Not a word. Not an explanation. Not an excuse. This is not the first time you have broken this rule and I thought after your last punishment, you would be more aware.”
Jim looked at Mycroft with such fear in his eyes but there was something else that told Mycroft that this was an act and Jim knew how to push John’s buttons. Then he saw John look at Jim and a dark look crossed his face. He grabbed Jim by the hair and tugged hard, “Don’t screw with me Jimmy. You know better.”
“Just add some milk in the blue pitcher and let Toby eat, “said John, “then bring him down to the wet room and bring your fight gear.”
“Up,” she commanded.
I could see fear and then his face went blank, “She’s Shirley, Moriarty’s favorite plaything.” His voice was wooden like he was repeating something by rote. What had Moriarty done to him? To both of them to cause such reactions?
Next Captain John Watson searches for his Master.
“Then I don’t need to tell him,” I said, “Now go to sleep and that’s an order.”
“Stay.”
Sherlock started to feel under the tables in the room until he found what he was looking for.
We both collapsed onto the floor panting from our efforts.
Sherlock was about to make some comment but seeing his brother’s condition, he choked it back and asked, “What happened?”
Mary and I proceeded to lash him to the middle bed so he had very little wiggle room. I motioned to Mary to get on his left side while I put myself on his right. Mary nodded and complied.
John flexed his wrists against the zip ties trying to figure out how much give he had in them. The blood on his face had dried and it itched like crazy.
I found my cock coming to attention again.
They nodded.
He laughed a derisive laugh, “I would like to see you try. Jim will have your balls in hand and it won’t be pleasant.”
I watched at Holmes paced the small room we found ourselves in. I could see that his mind was racing through what little we knew.
Next we get to the fallout and to see if Watson can regain his Master from what Moriarty did to him.
He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, “Come on then. Let’s see how it is going.”
Sherlock opened the door.
“You are mine and mine alone. I own you body and soul,” he said, “You will serve me to the best of your abilities in all things and I will take care of you and guide you in this.”
I could feel the tears forming in my eyes and the harder as I tried to fight them back, the more they flowed.
“No, no don’t try to talk right now. Thank G-d that you are awake. Thank G-d.”
Moran followed him eagerly into the tent.
He heard a voice behind him say softly, “Mycroft.”
He heard a chuckle in his ear, “No Pet. It’s not mind reading. I know you better than you know yourself. Now get ready and make this good for both of us.”
Yama looked at me, “And you are going to be a integral part of doing this.”
John tried to get up only to find himself covered in Sherlock who was scenting him with a rapid fury that had John just a little worried and very aroused. Sherlock paid particular attention to his armpits, crotch, and neck. He rubbed himself all over John.
Holmes nodded. Loomis doffed his cap and went whistling down the path followed by his large sheepdog Quentin.
‘How to play it,’ he pondered, ‘Am I here because of Jim or Sherlock?’
He looked up from the newspaper he was read. He reached forward and grabbed me by the collar. He pulled me in for a kiss that turned into a serious snog.
John is in heat and not happy.
Mycroft looked at William with a look to awe and total love.
The next couple of days we tried to find a way out. We came up with plans and then as quickly discarded them. Out jailor had been warned to keep his distance from us and many times there was a second figure hovering close behind him.
Thank you for your reading so far and I hope you will still do so.
“So why are you here?” she asked going back to examine the body on the slab.
Knife chuckled, “I bet you don’t. How is it playing the fool to that pompous git? He must make you feel a right round imbecile on a daily basis.”
Seb smiled a wistful smile.
He gave a glad cry at seeing it. He sat down on the bed and just held the case in his lap.
I looked at the blindfold. It was new. I turned it over to see that the interior was a soft fabric while the exterior was the same brown colour leather as my cuffs.
I did as I had been ordered and found wrists tied off to the bed posts. My ankles tied to the legs of my bed causing me to have to spread my legs wider. I could feel the air on my balls and if I adjusted the fabric of the bed cover against them.
He took heaving breaths trying to calm his self. He then realized that he had been crying and screaming. His throat felt raw.
He tried to sit up and a hand stopped him.
John crouched down in front of Toby and grabbed Toby’s head in his hands forcing eye to eye contact, “No, that is not your fate today unless you really screw up, but I think you will do fine.”
He let out a contented sigh and went to sleep. I curled up around him and did the same.
I almost sobbed at the sight of his back which had both new and old wounds inflicted upon him. There were signs of infection that concerned me greatly. I could have found him only to lose him
“I’m trying,” he said with a grin.
“I have been well Sir,” I said cautiously, “No complaints.” I slightly shook my head.
The next photo was the coffin closed and in a grave.
“No, you have a right to know what happened,” said Sherlock with a sigh and he told me his tale.
“Again,” he said very bitterly.
I arrived promptly at 8 and was escorted to a new wing of the club I had not been in before. I was taken to a changing room and handed a note.
I bowed to the man. He smiled and laid his hands on my head as if to bless me. For some unknown reason I felt calm radiating from him into me. In that moment I trusted this man not only with my life but with Sherlock’s as well.
“What happened Holmes?”
“No,” I said standing up and plucking my hand away from his grip.
John pointed to the floor next to him. Seb’s knees hit the ground before he realized he was doing so.
He started undulating his ass on the dildo and slowly thrusting it in and out. He could see the crowd take an intake of breath together as they watched the show in front of him. He made metal notes of all the people in the room knowing that his master would want the information.
John picked up the leash that was on the seat. Sherlock dropped to all fours the minute John’s hand touched it.
They played the video and the knife wielder got upset.
“You know what will happen to him.”
He nodded and undid the clasps. He opened the cover reverently and pulled out the violin. He tightened the strings and tuned it. I saw the soft look that came over his face as he got the instrument just so. He placed it on the bed next to him and pulled out the bow and tightened it. I took the case and placed it on the nightstand. He tucked it under his chin and plucked the strings. He looked frighten for a moment before he pulled the bow across the strings. He went through some simple scales all the while adjusting the strings and the bow tension until he had it where he wanted it. He started with a simple tune and, after a few fits and starts, worked his way to the more complex.
Mycroft opened then closed his mouth. He gave a half bow and left.
“Go to the bathroom, “ he commanded, “And prepare yourself for me then I want you to go to our bedroom and join me there.”
Delek spoke to Yama in the same language that all the monks spoke.  They looked at me with great pity and went back to their conversation.
“You may get dressed,” he said while washing his hands in a basin.
Occasionally they would slap the ass in front of them with a riding crop which would, for a brief time, change the sound being emitted from the gagged mouth.
Moran turned at the scream that was echoing through the cliffs and ran to the edge.
“But they are calling him out!”
It's my birthday so I spent the day writing for y'all
I thought about it and all that we had gone through, “Yes.”
“I have been sent to take you to Baker Street Mr. Holmes,” said the driver with a tip of his hat.
I found myself ushered in to a large ornate room with western style furniture. I noticed there was blood on the floor in the corners that hadn’t been cleaned up yet.
She shook her head no, “I didn’t want to until I was sure. I was going to wait another month to tell him then.”
“Grab the cuffs with your hands and get your body up against that cross Tiger,” he said as he went to the wall for some lengths of chain. He sorted through them until he found the length he wanted.
I think we all let out a collective sigh of relief at their exit.
“The little Masters were like they always were. They expressed both excitement going back to school and sadness for leaving their Father and their home,” said Albert.
“You are my back up. You know the hand signals?”
“Since the time in the bathhouse except when he isn’t in his right mind, he hasn’t hit me.”
“Stop,” she said after he had turned around with his fingers laced behind his head with his elbows out.
“Ass out.”
“And your son?”
“A lot of people call me out. They don’t want me poking my nose into their business.”
We returned for the Lent half and found that some of the servants had been shuffled around during our absence. We thought nothing of it figuring that some contracts had concluded and others had been bought since most of the servants were owned by Eton College.
I pulled down his bloomers and he turned around. It was there that I fell to my knees and started crying in anger and in pain.
He made a sound somewhere between a laugh and a sob, “That’s what they said before they put me in chains and tried to ‘cure’ me of my delusions. I won’t go back. I’d rather die than go back. I can’t….I…..” He started shaking and having a fit.
“To what do we owe the honor of your visit?”
I could tell this didn’t not comfort him. Then a thought came to me and sprung to my lips before I could stop it.
John found himself taking a deep breath as he awoke. He heard the beeps and the like telling him that he was not dead but nor was he in the pink.
The two of them growling, rubbing and nipping a bit wrapped and unwrapped themselves around each other.
I knew every minute we were there, was another minute that we could be discovered.
I saw a tear fall and then another. I tried to sit up but my body protested.
Sherlock did as instructed and they followed the signal to a trash tip down by the river.
Eventually his voice grew to a hoarse croak and all he was saying is I sorry.
The minute that Moran let go of Sherlock, he made bee line for Moriarty clutching at her skirts and begging for forgiveness.
Mycroft watched Jim’s fearful look become very real. What had John done to him? And could he use it to extract information using it?
“Tell me what?” I started to say but then it all fell into place in my head.
I nodded knowing that my speaking would not hold up to William’s ability to mimic speech patterns.
I switched to our language that we had invented when we were starting to talk and expanded when we started studying code breaking.
Passage of time is difficult at best when you are deprived of your senses. I knew that it had been a while because I could not stop myself from voiding my bladder at one point. I was cold, thirsty and hunger but my mind would give me no peace since I had very little idea what awaited me.
It was not an easy two months for any of us. But slowly Holmes learned what he had to learn to survive this idiotic mission.
Sherlock looked very nervous. John could see the thoughts racing through his head.
“You look like you are carrying your bad news,” she said offering me a plate with some meat and bread.
“I have seen this before,” I said, “when I was a surgeon in Afghanistan. A poor boy who witnessed his entire platoon butchered in front of him just stopped seeing. It was a form of shell shock. He didn’t recover. I found out later that he had killed himself shortly after returning home.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What have you done!?!” cried the son holding me.
He started rocking back and forth and crying softly cradling his arms around him protectively.
“He’s blind,” I said woodenly, “How? What did Moriarty do?”
“So Moran, we have a number of things to talk about. I would like to start with the topic of where is Moriarty?”
“The tales of your jail house escape has become the stuff of legend,” he said with great delight, “I haven’t had so much fun in ages.”
When he joined us for dinner, he was dressed like a proper British gentleman again.
I was sitting on the settee reading my way through my latest medical journal while Holmes worked on noxious experiment for which he had grudgingly opened the window.
I went where he pointed and was about to kneel when he said, “No, stand there with your back to the window.”
“Now I get something to eat and we wait a bit,” I said stretching to loosen up my arms after my confinement.
The crowd was winding up when a gong was heard and everyone’s attention went to the double doors opposite from the doors we entered.
“I got everyone I could Sherlock. Might be a couple of stragglers but I will get them caught up.”
“Day or so.”
Sherlock look at the ground and held up the envelope to her.
Jim shook his head and said, “No, I’ll be strong.”
_ - - - - - - - -
Sherlock thought for a moment, “I think there will be a better chance for me to see something there than here. How many ‘clients’ have been through here since John left?”
“I am so proud of you Sherlock. You are handling him well but be careful because he is still drugged. Once those wear off, he could be a handful.”
There was no sugar coating this. They were quite frank about their observations of Holmes’ and his other personalities and the reasons behind why his mind had splintered.
I worried about the boys the entire time. My biggest concern is that we were chasing corpses as the kidnappers had already gotten rid of them.
Sitting in front of me on an overstuffed garish wing back chair was Moriarty. Next to her was Sherlock with a ring gag in his mouth. His legs were lashed together as where his arms behind him. He had to keep his head up because his collar was attached to the rings around his ankles. He was wearing a corset. On his nipples there were two clamps with small weights attached to them. I could see he was struggling to stay up right.
They are starting to solve their problems.
I had no idea what Mycroft had told Nicholas and I was not about to inquire but instead nodded.
“Watson?”
John grabbed the ring hanging from Sherlock’s collar and pulled the man to him. He kissed Sherlock who opening his mouth waiting for his Master’s tongue to do what it will. John could feel Sherlock relax a bit so he bit Sherlock’s lip hard. Sherlock moaned.
Holmes looked stunned at the information that had been presented to him. I watched him as he processed it.
I went to it and knelt down next to the chair and gazed up at the face of the man I would die for on command.
“He won’t” said Delek, “He doesn’t want to cause you more pain. He looks at you and see the hurt and anguish you have been in. He sees the scars you have received in your search for him. He worries about you and your attempts to take your own life. He thinks that if he send you away, then you will kill yourself.”
He mumbled something.
“I drew you a bath,” said Sherlock looking mighty chuffed with himself.
“Better?”
I looked up and saw there were tears in his eyes.
Then he felt a hand on his cock. Rubbing and pulling as he was being reamed. He tried to hold back but the more friction the harder it was to keep that feeling in his belly from exploding.
“Maybe you should go greet him properly.”
He nodded and I removed the gag. I helped him drink some water. When he sat forward I noticed that what I had assumed was dirt on his nightdress was dried blood and there were some wet patches now. I kicked myself mentally for not seeing what was before me.
“You love them don’t you?” asked Holmes.
John giggled and Sherlock joined him.
“Too many people walk through here,” said Sherlock.
I noticed that Moran was taking great interest in me since my exchange with Mycroft’s minon. I cautioned the man and then went to collect more glass wear trying not to see all the horrible things that were being done to various slaves as I went.
Our constructed story became all too real far too quickly.
I could see the bodies in the room flinch at her voice.
“When the vibrator in your ass starts up, you will try to complete the task I give you. Now there will be no cheating…I’m looking at you boy.”
She grabbed a knife from the table and slashed Sherlock across the chest. He screamed and fell to his knees.
“Then explain to me why I am going into heat only two weeks after our last sexual marathon?”
“This is better?”
Yama helped me out of the jacket and said,” Now what?”
“Now for the information I have for you. We are to deliver our wares to the Tiger in Kabul for his Master the Spider.”
“Good more fun this way,” he said with a chuckle. I heard the sound of the thin cane whistling through the air right before it cracked across my backside. I felt the hot lash of the wood’s contact with my skin. One strike became two and two became four and somewhere in the midst of beating I lost count.
John’s legs felt very wobbly and he appreciated Sherlock helping him to the toilet and removing the anal plug.
I managed to slip a soporific into the glass that Sasha had been drinking. He was my size and build. He staggered up to his room to get ready only to find me and my waiting needle to finish the job. I lay him out on his bed so he could sleep it off.
I tried not to let disappointment show on my face but did a bad job of it.
We divided up the food and proceeded to eat.
I think to his surprise and I will admit a little to my own, it didn’t work. I was focused on my task at hand and nothing was going to deter me.
“Face me,” she said.
I heard someone enter behind me and say something to my host who replied.
He paused and took a deep breath then let it out slowly, “Even after all this? Even after you having to travel the globe to find me? You still wish for my touch?”
Sherlock ignored John’s rambling. He knew that this was true and he was going to prove it to both John and the world. He got up on the bed next to John and started to pull on his Alpha sized cock. In short order he came all over John’s body.
“What brings you to our town?”
“You mustn’t leave Watson without me. It would ruin the plan.”
Seb cleared his throat carefully.
“Well here is a piece of luck,” he said bending over to pick something up. He passed a bundle of cloth to me.
He felt John straighten up and say, “Seb, get everyone out. Show is over.”
Mycroft picked up an envelope and handed it to me. On the front was a handwriting that I recognized as Sherlock’s. It said ‘To be opened only by John H. Watson’.
He licked his lips in anticipation of what was to come.
Sherlock watched as his boys climaxed at the same time. John fell onto Greg’s chest panting. Greg gathered him in his arms and purred in his ear. But John wouldn’t relax until Sherlock joined the pile and two men drifted back to sleep.
Mary was asked about his oral skills and obedience level. Was he good with hair and dressing a lady?
“Doctor Watson, there has been…” his voice trailed off as he saw Holmes sitting in his old seat. “Mr. Holmes?”
She came over and tapped me on the shoulder, “Up.”
The only light in my life was my son who Mycroft encouraged me to be with. James was a very serious little boy who reminded me so much of my younger self it was uncanny.
“Shhhhh now there, you are eager aren’t you.”
He had to trust that Sherlock would find him. His pet was smart and loved him.
Please don't hate me.
They removed my bonds and helped me up from the stone. I rubbed my hand over my now smooth head.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wiggled a little to feel out the space he was in.
He felt the two bodies pull away from him.
Janan said, “Blindfold, gag, and restrain them. Put them in the horse corral until our business is done here.”
Moriarty patted me like one would a horse or a dog, “You are a good slave Johan. I believe what you are telling me.”
He heard the door open and saw John come in.
I awoke to a mouth on my rapidly hardening cock. I just lay back and let him do what he wanted to me.
Seb nodded.
I nodded.
The Nawab of Rampur was a member of the Marketplace. I did not know if he was trust worthy until I received an introduction from Mycroft to give to the Nawab’s major domo.
He heard a dull irregular thump and the faint sound of a piece of heavy machinery.
And he continued his narrative.
I stepped back and admired the panting form in front of me.
He snorted in derision but watched as I fondled his cock and balls. Slowly I could feel his interest growing as it were. He watched me very closely. I finally got it to a point that I started to use my mouth on his member with kiss, licks, and sucks along with just breathing on it so he could feel the hot moist heat of my mouth.
“Sorry?”
Jamie said, “I don’t know Jim. I really don’t want him to go. Are you sure?”
He smiles and fell asleep in my arms well sated.
He waved his hand dismissively, “Then it is a non-problem.”
“Yes Master,” said Sherlock.
“Is he?” he asked with such dread in his voice.
Dropped the ball on this one. No excuses.
This chapter was hard to write and took a bit to get it where I like it.
He looked demurely at me through his eyelashes and said, “I’ll be good.”
“Not YOURS!” bellowed Sherlock as he grabbed John by the collar and tossed him into the foyer of 221b. Greg backed Sherlock up and the two of them formed a barrier between the Alphas and John.
Sorry RL had a way of seriously biting me on the bum so this had to go by the wayside while some things got worked out.
I am really hoping that this is going to work and you are entertained.
“What do you want in return?” she asked rather suspiciously.
“You going to tell his nibs?”
He kissed the top of her head, “We have a visitor my dear one. You remember Dr. Watson?”
And then it all stopped.
The water was turned off and my hands were placed on a rail so I was bent over ass out. I knew what was coming so relaxed for the intrusion of the hose and the water filling my bowels. I was led to sit and told to let go. This process went on several times until I was deeming clean.
I lunged in my bonds trying to get free.
I found myself grabbed by the hair and slammed to the floor. I curled up to avoid the kicks and blows that were raining down on me. I had no idea what was going on or what offence I have given for such treatment.
I opened my mouth.
“It is really you,” he said taking his hand and running it down my cheek, “I had dare not hoped. So many times I thought you had found me only to wake up and discover that my situation had not improved.”
“We haven’t had to restart his heart today so that is progress.”
He thought he heard John say, “You are forgiven my pet.”
Then all stopped. He was left panting from the exertion. All he could hear was the noise in his ears and the sound of his breathing. He worked on slowing his breath but it was hard.
“The rest of you out,” she pointed to the door and the other people in the room scampered.
John stood up and went to an intercom next to the window. He pushed the button and said, “Sherlock, you don’t have to continue. Just say the word and it will stop.”
He removed the gag and the blindfold and grabbed the man’s head forcing him to look at his Master, “Do you understand?”
Don’t tell,” said Jim.
“But he is talking to you?”
“And if you think about it when Sherlock gets back there are going to be no eyes looking the direction of a widower who lost his wife in childbirth and mourns them who is sharing rooms with his dear friend will there?”
“Stop, someone is coming.”
“Ah,” he said and went back to eating.
“But why? Why did his mind do this and why is he blind when he is himself again.”
Sherlock smiled a very predatory grin, “Are you sure?”
“Not Shirley or Leslie?”
It was a miserable month while my body worked through the drugs that they had put into my system. The Baron would come by on occasion to just watch me writhe on my cot as my body went through withdrawal. I pleaded and begged for the drugs or for anything that would stop the pain coursing through my veins. Eventually I could feel my mind coming back to me and I felt like myself.
Seb took a careful look at the corpse, “Nope. Not one of ours although that might be coming shortly.”
“My,” said the woman, “Now there is something that is easy on the eyes.”
It seemed strange to be summoned so late in the evening but we went along with the boy heading to the quarters of the Master.
We decided that it would be best to train him as a valet and body servant as well as a butler. That way he might have access to the information he was seeking.
Eventually I dropped off and awoke to find myself in what appeared to be a dungeon.
She opened the envelope and pulled out several sheets of paper and a map. There was silence while she read her way through the materials.
Holmes pointed at the settee and said, “Sit next to her. I need to be able to talk to you as people not Mycroft’s slaves.”
John took his pleasure of Greg as he worked himself up and down. Greg could feel his knot forming for the first time in a long time ever since his wife had run off with another Alpha and informed him of his short comings. He was amazed. John was Sherlock’s. They were bonded. This shouldn’t be happening. But it was and it felt fantastic.
Only about half of us knew what was meant by service.
Eventually he surrendered to his biological imperative and found that it was three days later and his ass was very sore from the pounding.
I stood up and said, “What do you mean lost him?” I went to military stance by instinct. My voice was not John Watson the slave but Captain John Watson the soldier.
“No, this is service,” I said firmly not letting go of his hand as I could feel the tension still coursing through him.
The door opened again and two men brought in Sherlock holding him up. They placed him carefully in the chair John had been sitting in. He was still breathing hard. His hair was wet and dripping. Mycroft could see all the marks on his body, which now matched all the marks he had given Jim.
“No. This is wrong. You are not in your right mind.”
I heard a chuckle behind me. It was a sound that I would learn to dread hearing.
She got on all fours and crossed to me. She raised one hand not looking at me and placed it on my crotch.
Holmes grabbed my hand and we worked our way back to the rear door of Baker Street. We came into our rooms to find Mrs. Hudson waiting for us. She helped me strip the bloody clothing from Holmes. After cleaning him up, I realized that I had nicked his side with my shot. It was bleeding sluggishly. I cleaned it up and bandaged it. He dressed with alacrity and was seated before the knock on the front door signaling that we had a visitor.
“He has some concerns about you and the stress you have been under. Your heart is heavy and you are out of balance.”
Holmes was in a foul mood having lost the trail. I was not much better.
“But now you think?”
I could really use some input on this to see if there is any interest.
Mrs. Hudson had the maid bring us supper. Holmes made me sit on the floor next to him while he fed me more than I had eaten a quite a while. He ate as well.
I finally convinced him to get dressed and follow me to the dining room.
I kitted myself out and left for the frozen tundra that was Siberia.
My shoulders ached from being pulled to the point that I was almost hanging by my wrists alone. I quickly got my feet under me trying to take the pressure off my arms. My back and buttocks protested as I could feel every stripe of the beating I had endured.
We established that Mr. James Williams was a widower who had come to Italy for his nerves and health. We made him an invalid with various medical issues, which allowed me to move around without too much trouble. As Mr. Williams I bundled up and was pushed around in a wheel chair or walked with two canes.
James surprised me with a question that I did not expect to hear from him, “You were Uncle Sherlock’s body slave?”
“Thank you Loomis, I appreciate your attention to our needs. And thank your lovely wife as well. I am sure Watson is looking forward to her muffins.”
The other son helped me up and away from the fight whispering in my ear, “Get out of here and hide.”
Music was heard as the doors opened. A minuet was playing and four strapping slaves were carrying a chair on which was lounged a women in a diaphanous gown that covered her from wrist to ankle.
“Help him,” said Will in a quavering voice which I knew he was tearing up as well.
“Responsive? Oh you don’t know the half of it. He still surprised me.”
“I didn't know…I assumed you were safe if I….”
I have been in service to Sherlock Holmes for almost 30 years now and he still finds ways to surprise me.
William settled down behind me making sure that the wool blankets were mostly against the wall insulating us from the cold that was seeping from it.
“You have done your duty as ordered John. You cannot do more than that. If you think you can, then you are being foolish.”
He quickly undid the knots and I rubbed my wrists letting the circulation back into my fingers.
Sherlock cleaned all three of them up and made sure that Greg drank a bottle of water as well as John.
I raised my gun and tried to find a way of filling my orders without harming my master.
“Why did you take me? Master told me that you were obsessed with me. That you coveted me but you were dangerous and a very bad man who would do horrible things to me.”
There was an explosion of pain from where John had hit him. Sherlock gasped.
“My mate,” growled Sherlock.
Shortly he seemed to relax and come back to himself.
He shook his head as they left and stacked up the gear they had used for cleaning.
His face softened as understanding dawned as to my reticence to this whole venture. He crossed to the lounge I was sitting on and took me in his arms.
John didn’t like the sound of that but what could he do but as instructed he went to sleep. His last though was “I am total fucked.”
John gave them a few to adjust to the light in the room as they had been in darkness for close to a month for the most part.
A hand pushed against my chest causing me to fall back onto my bed sideways. My buttocks were slightly off the bed so my balls were dangling freely and I could feel that the top of my head was not quite on the bed either.
Holmes attended me as we went through the process of bathing.
I placed lunch on the table next to his chair and then knelt in front of him waiting for my next order.
“I know that John. But knowing and believing can be two entirely different things.”
“Seems so,” said Mary.
“Sorry?”
“Nice view Seb,” said John taking a pull from his glass of Scotch, “I must say you did a lovely job here.”
Sherlock finished the fruit and toast John had put out for him and went into the bedroom to get his kit.
I reached a hand out towards Holmes. Yama and Delek looked at each other and then at Holmes and nodded.
I went to the other side of his bed and said, “It’s me. I got you out.”
‘A reader,’ I thought, ‘I am G-d knows where and I run into a reader’
His pet was still rock hard and wanting.
“James is….” I stopped short.
We waited and waited. I found myself drifting to sleep. William would punch me awake. Finally sleep took us both as we shivered both from the cold and fear.
He felt like his body was a live wire. He could feel the air pass across his body.
“We were right that we are in Northern England. Now we have to get ourselves home or at least get some sort of message to our father so he can get us home.”
“Or as normal as he gets, “ I said with a chuckle.
Holmes almost snorted the tea he had been sipping through his nose.
“It’s in your hair Sir,” he said with great regret.
I then smacked the right.
“Oh you were off working on one of your experiments with Uncle Sherlock,” I said with a dismissive wave of my hand.
They stripped me and tied me tight to a large wooden chair with arms. I couldn’t even wiggle.
“You are such a good boy and always have my best interests at heart. You are my good boy?”
“Hmmm. I think I need to do something about this,” he said.
He seemed to come to himself, “John? Why are we on the floor?”
“Sir, your slave need you.”
Moriarty had through dastardly means turned Holmes into a living weapon to kill his brother Mycroft and other members of the Marketplace. However there was hope that since Delek now knew the purpose of Moriarty’s torture of Holmes, he could help him return to himself.
“Your task is to make our Tiger come by beating his ass into submission. If you come first, then you have to pay the forfeit.”
John grabbed at Sherlock and pulled him in. He debated whether he was going to bite or kiss him. He decided for a hardy snog which lead to other things begin kissed and then to madness
They turned off the light and left him in the pitch black room planning what he was going to do to each other them once he was freed.
I am hoping to get this done by the end of the month but no promises. I do pledge that I will be adding to it with a little more consistency trying for at least once a week.
“And you need to go with them,” I said.
“Sherlock, stop that!”
“We have managed in the past to keep our society secret from all outsiders,” I said, “I can’t believe that this time….”
“It shows mercy in a very strange way and gives me hope they won’t hurt them. They want us to know they have the boys however they are proving it without injuring the lads.”
“Do you feel well enough to stand? I think you will probably want to see your friend.”
Eventually he realized that I was still standing there.
Sherlock! How could I forget Sherlock?
Two monks  dressed as orderlies came in and hauled me off the bed. I fought them but they dragged me out of the room.
“Mafia?”
‘Yes, you can. You know what you need to do.’
He turned to me and said, “Yes we do indeed.”
Sherlock undressed slowly listening to the two men plead for him to allow them to touch for release for anything to stop the agony they both felt.
“You have a life outside of Holmes’ orbit John Watson, you just refuse to see it. If you truly serve your master, you will leave him with us until he is ready.”
I was happy too. Knowing that I had obeyed my orders and was able to express how much I love the man who owned me.
I looked over his body and could see the marks and bruises starting to fade. There were scars there that I shuttered to look at and other wounds that were still not healed.  I glanced down and gave a sigh of relief. The cage that had been on his member was removed and the damage where the cage had rubbed against his skin appeared to be healing.
She walked behind Sherlock and undid the rope leading from his collar to his feet and then pushed him onto the ground. Holmes held back a cry as the nipple clamps popped off in the impact.
“But?”
“I am serious about that damn gag Jim. Get it together. The two of you are probably the smartest guys on the planet besides John. If you can’t find him, then…”
He propped his head up on one arm and looked at me, “Can you forgive me?”
“I am only safe if John is safe Mycroft. I strongly suggest you meditate on that.”
“You must leave him,” said Yama, “This is not forever. Let us help him to become himself again.”
Holmes smiled a nodded, “I am indeed.”
“Trunks?” I asked.
“No, he left here over 6 hours ago saying he was going home. He said he had a surprise for you and needed to get home to prepare it.”
I returned home after a long day at my surgery looking forward to a hot meal and my soft bed.
We went to the door and explored our options.
I did as ordered and he then buggered me very well hitting that sensitive spot inside my body making my whole being sing with pleasure.
I froze. The only sound I could hear was my breathing and Holmes moving about the room but I could not figure out what he was doing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks to those of you still reading. I promise that eventually I will get all the way through this tale.
Considering what is going to happen next in Holmes' narrative, I thought I would give the boys a moment to breath as well as you dear reader.
The blindfold came off. Sherlock blinked a few times allowing his eyes to adjust to the light which was behind him.
He nodded.
“Sir?” I asked tentatively hoping that I was looking at Sherlock and not one of the other people that seemed to be living in his head.
“Street theater!” He said clapping his hands together in glee.
He kept up the commotion until our jailor told us to step back from the door.
That was a great prize indeed as the days were getting longer and the sun was arriving earlier. We were both very light sleepers.
That afternoon we came across an accident with a cart that had tipped over. A young man was trapped under it and his companion was trying to figure out how to get him out safely. The ground was muddy and the road was not in the best of shape. I tied Sherl to the saddle and Lucy to a tree before going to help. His companion, whom I later learned was name Hassan, unhitched the ox that was at the front of the cart and tied it next to Lucy. I helped clear the ground around the young man but could see that if we continued that, the cart was going to crush him. We gather some stone and the like from around us and I took a stout tree limb to make a lever. Hassan pulled the young man out as I held the cart up. Just as Hassan got him free, the limb broke and the cart came crashing down.
“No! Now knock it off and let me uUuuuuuUp”
Sherlock grinned and released one of the leg restrains. He quickly attached a short chain to it and attached the other end to the other leg restraint before release it so the chain would hobble John. Sherlock did the same with the wrist restraints locking them in front of John. He helped John first to a sitting position and then to stand.
“You’re not going to hurt me are you old boy?” I said in a very jovial tone. Holmes looked at me and then down not meeting my gaze.
I had thoughts but my brain was not communicating with my mouth as I looked at the lovely sight of my Master kneeling to me.
We found their Marketplace paperwork in a secret safe that we found by accident. Along with that was a ledger with initials and dates and amounts. Apparently they had been selling their slaves to other people who were not vetted by the Marketplace and the orgies were a way for them to get the slaves off with their new owners. Lord knows what they told those poor people. We also discovered how much in debt the household was. JM kept coming up in the ledger as someone who bought a lot from them and lent them large amounts of money. They were indebt to him for an absurd amount of money.
“So Doctor Watson, I see you but I do not see my brother. Care to explain?”
Holmes leapt across the room and grabbed me spinning me around so his arm was across my throat choking me, “The plan where I kill dear Mycroft and then pin the blame on you of course. But since you won’t cooperate, I am going to just have to settle for killing you.”
Sherlock opened his mouth and could only croak so he nodded his head.
“Next time we go North,” I said.
I took my property to bed and curled up protectively around him.
Delek came sweeping in accompanied by a couple of monks carrying baskets. The room was getting rather crowded and I was feeling dizzy.
“You have mentioned the Baron before,” I said, “How does he fit into this story?”
The face chuckled, “Now why don’t we try to get up now.”
William put on the clothing they gave us and looked like a gangly scarecrow with his wrists and ankles sticking beyond the cuffs.
I lined up and fired a shot that went straight through his head spattering blood and brain all over Holmes. Moran looked shocked as it happened. I watched the light fade from his eyes and I felt a great feeling of relief.
“Did anyone recognize the lad?”
“He’s lying!” said Simion but there was a tone of fear in his voice.
“Large padlock,” whispered William, “connected to a chain that is now against the door holding it shut.”
“Are you sure?”
I walked over to her and kissed her, “Thank you for that. I think I forgot to tell you at the time.”
I looked over at one point to Lady Forrester who was staring at me with such rage I felt that I could die on the spot. She blamed me for Mary’s condition as well as Sherlock and Mycroft. It was our fault she lost her slave.
Yama pointed to a corner of the room that had a number of iron rings in the wall. Holmes was on his side on a mat on the floor. He had been shackled and there was a muzzle on the lower half of his face. He had a collar round his neck, which was chained off to one of the lower rings.
I started my search in Italy at the very same villa were the Marketplace owners, the Medici who were descendants of the great Lorenzo de’Medici of Florence, had been found murdered. Mycroft had bought the place for a steal and sealed it so that any clues to be found would be there.
When he woke up tied down to a bed in 221B, he was entirely not surprised. That he was naked and sporting a serious hard-on was a little surprising considering he was covered in another Alpha’s scent which usually was a mood killer. But for whatever reason, he didn’t mind the smell or rather he wanted to smell more of the other smell in the room.
William hopped off Mycroft’s lap and came over to me. He offered me his hand quite formally and said, “It is a pleasure to finally meet you Doctor Watson. Our father has read us your adventures with our Uncle Sherlock.”
