“Maybe you should talk to him about it. I know he would want to know how you’re feeling about this.” When Dean just shrugged, Sam shook his head and turned towards his brother. “Seriously Dean, Cas loves you. Just talk to him.” At those words, Dean’s ears turned red. He avoided Sam’s suddenly very curious gaze and looked down at the ground instead. “What?” Sam asked.
When I was house hunting about five years ago, I really did walk into a dining room with mustard colored walls with glitter in the paint. The realtor was positive it'd have to be sanded off. It was truly horrendous.
“Stop,” Castiel cut him off. He pulled his hand from Dean’s and raised it up to further signal Dean to shut up. “Dean, you’re not “the next guy”. Don’t talk about yourself that way.”
“Thank you,” He whispered, before placing a kiss to Dean’s cheek. Dean could feel the blood rushing to his face as his smile grew into something entirely genuine. It was amazing that Castiel could still make him blush like a school boy. Dean didn’t ever want that feeling to go away.
“Um,” Castiel struggled for words. He was sure there was a wrong thing to say here and he was almost positive anything that came out of his mouth would, in fact, be the wrong thing. “You know, they sell meat in the supermarket.” Dean’s face fell. Definitely the wrong thing to say.
Castiel stood at the threshold, holding on to the hospital curtain, until the doctor finished stitching the cut and stepped away.
Charlie shrugged. “Deal. Jo has to work and won’t get home until after it starts so I could use an extra hand.”
Somehow, Dean found himself staring back at Cas again, not remembering when his gaze shifted. His heart rate quickened at the intensity of the blue eyed stare and he had to work to keep his breath even.
“You may just want to wait a bit, man.” Dean gestured for Sam to pull up to his airline’s drop off area. “I thought I wanted to go with engineering when I was a freshman, but then by the middle of sophomore year I was pretty set on business.”
He knows time is an issue, the kids will be up soon, so Dean doesn’t tease Castiel any more. He works his way up and down Castiel’s shaft, licking and sucking the way Castiel loves.
“So does that mean the prank war is off?” Gabriel scrambled to say as Castiel pushed him out the door.
That roll of film, only one of three they had filled that day, would be full of pictures of Castiel and Dean, and of strangers they met on the streets of New York.
“You’d have another person to come home to,” Castiel pressed another kiss to his lips. “Another person waiting for you to come home.”
Ben nodded slowly, the frown on his mouth showing exactly how he felt about the conversation. At least they were in agreement. Dean wasn’t sure what age kids had the talk with their parents. He learned the birds and the bees from an older kid down the street when he was six. Ben was eight. Who knows what he has picked up by now. Although, he didn’t know what a bottom was, so he hadn’t thought to ask his parents how men have sex. Dean squirmed in his seat. He really wished Sam was here.
He was going to visit Alex and they were going to talk about normal stuff. The kid was probably desperate for something to do aside from hate herself and everything around her.
“Cas, you keep it up and I’m not gonna-“Dean rasped, but Castiel cut him off with another kiss. His hands snaked between their bodies and began unbuttoning Dean’s shorts. He slipped off his lap and slid to his knees as Dean lifted his hips and allowed his pants and boxers to be pulled down, releasing his cock. The doctor licked his lips at the sight of it. Dean knew what was coming next. He could tell by the way Castiel’s expression had changed from hungry to ravenous.
“So, what Sam? Me and Cas buy a colonial in the suburbs, adopt some rugrats and live out that apple pie life we’ve always dreamed of?”
Dean had heard enough. He moved faster than his aching body wanted him to and closed the distance between him and Castiel. He took the doctor’s face in his hands and kissed him soundly. Castiel let out a sound of surprise, but recovered quickly, settling his hands on Dean’s hips.
“Seriously Cas.” Dean almost whispered. “I cant- please just....” Dean’s voice broke off and Cas had to fight the urge to run to his friends side and take him into his arms. It was so obvious that Dean was struggling with his relationship with Castiel and Cas didn't know how to comfort him. He didn't know if Dean was upset because he had figured out the extent of Castiel’s feelings for him and that made him uncomfortable, or if it was because he returned those feelings. Either way, Cas could see quite perfectly what Sam was talking about earlier.
“Yeah,” Dean breathed, “I’ve got a few.” He turned his head sharply so he could capture the doctor’s lips in an instantly passionate kiss. Miles away from the kiss they shared just moments before, this kiss was the kind that accompanied clothes being ripped off. As if on cue, Castiel reached for Dean’s belt and began threading it through the buckle. Dean’s hands went to Castiel’s hair, pulling him as close as possible as he ground his hips against him.
Charlie squealed as she clapped her hands with glee. “Yes! Dean, that’s so awesome! I’m so happy for you guys!”
Castiel startles then freezes completely. But he holds Dean’s gaze. He holds it and his eyes widen when they finally see what’s waiting for him in Dean’s eyes. Dean isn’t going to do this here. Not in this place where he’s not even sure if what he feels is what he feels and this thing with Cas is the most real thing he’s ever felt and he doesn’t want anything interfering with that.
Dean’s head hit the back of the cement pillar hard, stars clouding his vision for a moment before he could regroup and block the series of punches the demon threw at him next.
“Noted,” the firefighter answered. Then he sobered some and readied himself to share the other bit of news. “I’ll uh, be missing lunch next week. Headed to Cas’ folk’s place for Thanksgiving.”
“You can’t believe I assumed... what was...why you called me?” Dean said, stumbling over the awkward phrasing.
“You know, that song is pretty right on.” Dean says, looking into Castiel’s eyes as Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s neck. “And it’s way better than my ducks.”
Despite the gentle swoop Dean’s stomach gave at the moment they had just shared, he nodded and pulled himself free of Castiel’s grasp. “Yep, all ready. Just need to add the dressing.”
He could feel his erection heading towards half mast and he was grateful. When Cas walked in, Dean was worried he would have to grab his other pillow to hide his harndess though. Despite how wrecked he looked, Dean couldn't help but find the way Cas’ white shirt was rolled up, like he had been working with his hands, incredibly sexy. He was able to suppress his arousal just enough though, at the thought of how concerned Cas looked in that moment.
“What’s so funny?” Castiel said as he walked up to Dean, wrapping an arm around Dean’s waist and leaning into him.
“Have you ever thought about what you’d have become if your mother hadn’t died that night?” Dean closed his eyes. Nodded. “Why don’t you—“
“I guess there’s only one way to find out Dean.” Cas said firmly before moving himself away from Dean’s body.
Looking down at the man he had fallen so helplessly for, Dean didn't know if he had the strength to keep fighting against his own feelings anymore. He wanted to protect Cas, Dean wanted to make sure that he was never in a position to hurt him. He also wanted to sink into  Cas’ chest and let him hold him, he wanted to kiss away the frown lines that covered his angel’s face. He wanted so much in that moment he forgot he was supposed to be letting go of all his earthly desires. He was supposed to be saying goodbye and pushing away the things that meant most to him so that it wasn't so hard when he was gone.
Dean smiled as his eyes closed and he slowly drifted off to sleep, Castiel in his arms, his heart swelling with gratitude.
Castiel brought his glass of beer to his lips and sipped it slowly. Dean couldn’t help but watch  the way his throat bobbed as he drank, and the way his lips pursed around the edge of the glass.
“Because he’ll worry,” Dean answered immediately. When Charlie raised a disbelieving brow at him, he sighed and continued, “And because he would want me to quit.”
Jack’s eyes move slowly between them, frowning. It’s obvious he’s struggling with something, which Dean finds weird because Jack’s God now and God’s shouldn’t look so out of their depth.
Dean whispered down to Cas. “I got this. It’ll take more than a demon fight to let the mark take me. Trust me Cas.”
He was meeting his buddy from college to discuss his idea for their new buisness. Internet buisnesses were going to take off in the next few years, and he had an idea that was going to make them a whole lot of cash. Dean was only a year out of school and already his plan for life was working out great.
Dean motioned towards the standing woman, who he could now see was in her mid thirties, and at least five months pregnant. She was also crying. He directed Kevin and Ash towards her, just as an ambulance pulled up. He focused on reaching the young woman crawling from the grey car.
He resisted the impulse to pull Dean in and kiss him stupid, because that would be entirely inappropriate now. He could away with a lot a few years ago, but Castiel was twenty five now, he needed to start acting like a grown up. He needed to show some sort of restraint and responsibility.
“Okay, but why?” Dean pressed. “I mean, Cas- I lo- I really care about him. I’m not going to give him up just because-“
Dean ignores him and takes his place at the table next to Emily. He kisses her cheeks and helps break up a pancake for her to eat. Castiel watches as Dean interacts with their kids, and his heart swells in is chest.
He was grateful for the door that shut between them after they left the library, but knew instinctively that Castiel wanted several walls and a staircase between him and his siblings before he talked to Dean again.
“Oh,” She sighed as she took another sip. “I overheard Black Widow and Wonder Woman going on about how in love Dean and Castiel are and taking bets on the wedding. I learned Castiel’s name at the DJ sign up booth a few minutes ago and after I got over my contact high from sharing air with Dick, I wandered over here to Batman’s counterpart.”
Sam could see Dean’s eyes darken so intensely he wondered if they would flick to black. Sam blinked a few times before swallowing back the fear that threatened to surface.
“I was going to ask if you’d like to accompany me to my parent’s house for Thanksgiving this year,” Castiel said, cheeks reddening. “And then it occurred to me that would be the second major relationship based question I asked in less than twenty-four hours.”
He stood close to Dean, their arms grazing one another as they looked down at the table with the papers scattered across it.
Castiel adjusted his position so he could lean down and capture Dean’s mouth, plunging his tongue inside and moving it with Dean’s until both of them were breathless. When he pulled back, he whispered against Dean’s lips, “How do you want it?”
So relaxed, in fact, after ten minutes or so, Dean didn’t realize he had begun drifting off to sleep. Castiel pinched his thigh playfully when Dean didn’t respond to something Castiel said about scalpels, and Dean startled back into the land of the living.
When he finally made it out of the bathroom, the stranger who had just given Dean the best blowjob of his life, was already sitting down. When Dean passed him on his way to his seat, Dean looked back to find the guy with his eyes closed, looking like he was fast asleep.
Castiel eventually collapsed onto the table with his head buried in his arms, no longer able to keep up the game but still unwilling to give up all together.
“Yes.” Castiel said, coming to stand next to him and handing Dean a cup of tea. “I do a lot of different things. Weddings and birthdays and things like that for money, but a friend of mine is opening a gallery downtown and he said he’d hang some of my stuff.”
It had been simple, bantering with Dean and spending the day with him. Dean was a stranger, but Castiel felt comfortable with him.
it doesn’t bother him. This is heaven, after all, and everything he needs is right here. Inhale. Exhale.
Dean stepped closer and then knelt down next to the ship to look at it more closely. There were several layers to it, each one building on the other to create an incredibly intricate design. It looked like it might eventually be a TIE Fighter.
Dean’s chest shook as he laughed quietly. He leaned down and kissed the top of Castiel’s head. “Ask me again in the morning.”
“Oh I’ll kill more than that,” Dean shot back, stepping forward aggressively. Castiel didn’t put his hand out this time. He let Dean do whatever it was the firefighter felt like he needed to do. To Castiel’s surprise though, Dean didn’t move again. He just stood over his stoned brother and stared down at him. Gabriel managed to meet Dean’s eye line but squinted up at him as if Dean were the sun. “Cut it out, Gabe. We both know you aren’t that high.”
“Okay,” Castiel nodded and then they fell into silence. The doctor was cautiously aware of Dean’s mental state, waiting for any change in his demeanor. Nothing came. His mind began to wonder. Dean mentioned a game of chess. That would be nice. They hadn’t played since-oh. “Dean, didn’t we leave the chess board at Sam’s last weekend?”
Still, Dean didn’t see a way around it. He could call a social worker, but chances are if they cleared
for you? Who’s to say having you around didn’t keep them alive longer than they would have without you?”
When she was finished, Naomi closed the bible and rested her hands over it. She looked at Dean and Castiel, then to her husband. “I will not sit and endure talk of this abomination. We shall speak of other things, but not this. Do you understand?”
“What could be better? Just me and my girl and the open road,” Dean smiles. What he says is true. It’s true and he’s happy that it’s true.
Castiel picked up his fork and began to eat again.“Suppose that’s true. Although, meeting in the hospital while you’re lying unconscious isn’t the best circumstances.”
When he asked his parents to move back in, just until he could figure something out, he never felt so much like a failure. It wasn’t like Dean was passionate about his work, it was just a way to make money, but it still meant something to him. Everything he worked for was gone, and he was left with nothing but a backpack full of air fresheners and a key chain from the Mercedes Benz he had to return.
“Hmm,” Castiel replied. He kissed down to Dean’s belly button, flicking his tongue around as he squeezed Dean’s sides. “Better?”
Dean was startled by the comment and didn’t know how to respond to it. He stumbled around his words. “Cas, it’s fine- I’m not…it’s not like I don’t understand. I do. I get it. Inias was-“
“I think I could imagine,” Castiel laughed. He sipped his coffee and let out a pleased sigh. “I’ve got my work cut out for me, I think.”
Dean beamed. “Yeah, Cas. I think that sounds awesome.” He leaned in and kissed his boyfriend again. “So we’re really doing this? Moving in together?”
“A little bit of everything. I write. I went on a few open call auditions. I even took an art class recently. I just haven't found anything yet that really speaks to me, you know?”
Dean liked the sound of that. “That makes sense. That way we can just focus on what we like or don’t like, and not…you know…” Dean was about to say, ‘
When Castiel’s hand was practically flying over his own dick, the doctor sped up his rhythm on Dean’s cock too. He bobbed up and down a few times, sucking and stroking the shaft with his tongue, each movement bringing Dean closer and closer to the edge.
“Perhaps I would be willing to postpone giving you my grace, if it meant that you could find a way to do what Cain could not.”
Dean didn’t know what to think about that. He wasn’t afraid of the commitment aspect so much, but owning a place together was a really big deal.
Castiel’s eyes were glistening and Dean wanted to pull him close and comfort him, but when he registered exactly what Castiel had said, Dean froze. His stomach fluttered. His heart may have actually stopped. He couldn’t be sure because he was suddenly watching himself from outside his body.
It wasn’t like Dean had never had problems separating work related trauma from his daily life. When he was still a rookie he had witnessed a child fall from the fourth story of an apartment complex. That image haunted him every day for months and every night for over a year. No, Dean wasn’t completely immune to the tragedy that befell those he attempted to save, even with his special emotion dimmer. This time though, this time it was different. This time it wasn’t just his mind being affected or his dreams being interrupted. It was his body. His speech. His breathing. It was everything.
“Awkward?” Castiel laughed. “Dean I’ve seen you eat Jello out of a cup with your nose and tongue, I think we’re well past awkward confessions.”
“Dean, I’m a middle aged man who’s been fighting monsters for the last two decades. I don’t want to go to law school. I want to just… rest. I want…” He trails off and looks at Jack. “Maybe if Eileen could come back. If she could go back to Earth with me…”
Castiel heaved another box to the corner of his living room to get it out of the way. He then looked around at his barely packed apartment and let out a groan. He was supposed to move in to Luke’s house this weekend, but Castiel had barely gotten the process started.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, and his lips have moved closer to Castiel’s. Their lips brush but don’t connect and they’re both shaking with restraint, breath coming fast and hard, and Dean doesn’t know why they haven’t just collided yet but he thinks it’s probably because Cas is waiting for him to decide. But Cas doesn’t know that Dean made up his mind a long time ago. He doesn’t know that Dean’s happiness has always been wrapped up in Castiel. There’s so much Castiel doesn’t know and Dean needs to tell him, he needs to tell him everything, but right now he simply says, “I love you.
Dean waited a long moment for his brother to continue but he just found himself staring into Sam’s concerned expression.
Dean’s heart fluttered in his chest, but he tried to look unaffected. “I’d be open to such an activity.”
“Oh, good! You’re already setting up!” She walked across the living room and held her hand out for Dick to shake. “I’m Charlie.”
Dean didn’t respond. Instead, he sipped the water until the ash in his throat no longer haunted him. When the glass was empty, Dean pulled himself out of the sweat soaked bed and tried to keep his breathing even. His naked body prickled from the combination of sweat and air conditioning.
Dean sighed as Castiel’s hands kneaded deeper into his back. The oil he used to coat his hands smelled liked a sensual combination of sandalwood and vanilla. It filled the room and Dean’s senses equally, surrounding him with warmth and a steady flicker of anticipation.
“Save it. I’ll tell you the same thing i told him. I am not going to have this conversation.” Dean walked closer to his brother, his chest puffed up in an attempt a bravado despite his deflated heart. “So you can take your pink elephants and any little insightful comments you’ve got planned and shove it up your ass.”
Castiel fumbled with the car’s door handle as Dean pressed him up against it. They rolled their naked hips together and Castiel sucked a mark onto Dean’s neck.
Clarence caught the frisbee with ease and bounded across the beach, kicking sand up as he ran back to Sam. Dean grinned as Sam and Clarence wrestled, his heart souring at the sound of his little brothers laugh.
Castiel seemed to brighten at that. “Yes, I agree.” They fell back into silence for another minute, each man sipping his coffee in a manner that would appear casual to an outsider. “Perhaps we could tell the realtor about the kind of place we’d like to have, and disregard whether the home is for rent or purchase until we decide we want it.”
When he entered the room, the first thing he saw was Alex’s water pitcher being thrown across the room.
The question wasn’t delivered as harshly as the words struck him, but still, Dean felt compelled to nod vigorously before fetching Bobby a cup of coffee.
Cas let out a soft laugh at that and ran his hand through Dean’s hair as Dean continued to pet their new family member. He felt a tingle down his spine as Cas’ hands made contact with the skin on his neck and he stood up quickly, feeling extremely exposed.
Castiel chased the children around with his camera in his hands, taking candids as the kids jumped through the sprinkler and ate large pieces of chocolate cake.
The doctor moved the hand not jerking himself off to Dean entrance, using his index finger to press lightly at his hole. The pressure was delicious, and Dean let out a loud and pleasured moan.
Of course, Charlie would get Castiel a Batman costume. It was the first thing Dean remembered about him. It was the memory everyone tortured him with whenever they felt the need. Dean was stupid not to figure it out sooner. Why he had to be Robin was the question he came to Charlie with, but she was quick to reply,
“I think so.” Dean didn’t hesitate. “But it’s so hard to tell sometimes, you know? I mean...if it wasn’t love, it was a lot like it.”
The timer for the potatoes dinged and Dean nearly jumped out of his skin, all his senses suddenly on high alert. It felt like his skin was on fire, his pulse pounded in his ears. Dean closed his eyes and tried to breathe. Sirens. Red lights. Victims crying-
In trying to protect Charlie from the demon, Sam caught a right hook to the temple that sent him down to the ground. Dean sucked in a terrified breath before releasing it slowly. He could see his brother’s chest rising and falling and knew his brother was only unconscious.
Inside the basket there were a couple different odds and ends, but the thing that caught Castiel’s attention, was an old roll of film.
Claire laughed, and let the subject drop. She began regaling the hotel room with stories of playground mischief, and Dean felt warm all over. He missed Sam, and wished he, Eileen, and Ben could be here too, but Dean was completely aware of how much love was in the room. He was surrounded by family, sharing a meal with them, laughing with them, and had never felt more grateful. He knew Castiel felt the same way, because the doctor hadn’t stopped smiling since they all tucked into their KFC meals. They were sprawled all over the beds, chairs, and floor of Jimmy’s hotel room.
Dean took a deep breath. He swallowed hard as he met Cas’ curious eyes. He found himself in them and couldn't help but feel a sense of strength washing over him. “I don't know. Its just the way you said that...that feelings could be used as a tool...you sounded like the old Cas. The robot Cas.”
“I’ll grab a couple beers and meet you outside,” Sam replied. “We can do ‘man things’ like grill steak and drink beer while you gush over your boyfriend.”
Four days before Christmas, Sam and his family joined Dean and Castiel at their new home for dinner. Dean made lasagna and Castiel stayed out of the kitchen for the good of everyone. He and a heavily pregnant Eileen discussed water births while Ben made gagging faces and played with the Nutcracker soldiers by the fireplace.
“I don’t know,” Dean said honestly. “You’re sixteen without a guardian. They’ll want to put you in foster care unless you can find another relative or family friend to take you in.”
The thanksgiving story arc contains some material that may be triggering for some readers. These things include homophobic statements, homophobic family members, and a passing mention of conversion camp.  I promise the fifth chapter ends well and happy.
“Yes, I got that part,” Castiel replied with slight irritation. “I can understand that. But why go at all? What could you possibly gain from it?”
“You’re something,” Dean replied, impressed. He scowled as he registered the wedding comment. “I wish they’d stop doing that.”
Castiel studied him for a moment, his posture tense and full of unspoken concern, but then his shoulders sagged a little and he nodded.
“So how was the flight?” Anna asked, pulling Castiel by the elbow to the couch where the three of them then sat. “Any trouble renting the car?”
The sound of his name on Cas’ tongue brought Dean back to the moment and he shook his head slightly as he averted his gaze and swung his legs over the side of his bed.
“Ha. Ha.” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “Laugh all you want now but we’ll see who’s laughing in two years when my life is the picture of perfection.”
The countdown started and couples started pairing off and Castiel looked like the most pathetic person in the world, alone and not prepared to pretend he wanted it that way.
“Mhmm.” Castiel says with a soft sigh, pushing his hands through Dean’s hair as Dean continues to move downward. “Expectations managed. Please continue.”
Three hours into the flight, and Dean’s pants were soaking wet. Not all of his pants of course, just his groin.
“Castiel, you’ve barely put a dent in the packing. How the hell are we supposed to move you tomorrow?”
Castiel walks quietly into their bedroom and stares down at Dean for a moment before waking him. He liked to do that sometimes, watch Dean sleep. Dean said it was creepy, but Castiel didn’t care. He liked to watch the soft rise and fall of Dean’s chest and the slow steady pulse under his skin. Castiel liked to count his freckles when he couldn’t sleep, even though Dean continues to hate it.
October’s sun was mild but warm. There was only a slight breeze, just enough to tickle the hair on Dean’s neck. He lifted the grill’s lid and moved back away from the smoke that escaped. Once the steaks were on the grill, Dean closed the lid again and took his beer from Sam. The sip he took was intentionally much longer than necessary.
“And with a young man in toe.” Meg said, eyes appraising Dean and not making her approval at all subtle.
Castiel let out a giggle and pulled Dean in as close as he could, turning their dance into a sort of swaying embrace. He continued to laugh into Dean’s shoulder until all the drinks suddenly caught up with him and he was desperate to relieve himself.
This time when he leaned in, Castiel let Dean press a kiss to his lips. It was longer than a peck, but shorter than Castiel would have liked.
Dean’s spirits must have made a dramatic U-turn, because he seemed to have a lot more energy than before.
“How dare you. How dare you come in here and be angry at me for being willing to give up everything for you. Again!” Cas was shouting even though he had never intended to give into the passion that was constantly buzzing under his skin.
He was afraid. He was damn near terrified to run into that building just for it to collapse on him. He couldn’t do that to Cas.
“I-uh,” Jo replied cautiously. Dean could tell she was uncomfortable with the familiar way the woman was speaking to her. “Well, I’m sure things will work out…you know. Anyway, I just stopped by to-“
“Do you still love Michael?” Dean asked, the glow from the moon highlighting the freckles on his face.
“You know what Dean?” Sam closed the distance between him and his brother, his chest almost pressing against Dean’s.  “You’re a fucking coward.”
“Don’t you think it’s a little risky to go into business with your friend?” Mr. TDB asked, one eyebrow raised.
“Oh, um well,” Castiel stalled, not entirely sure how he planned to get through his increasingly awkward conversation. “Well, I just happened upon your number and I thought I’d check on you and uh, your ducks.”
“I need you Dean.” Cas whispered between swollen lips. “Dean...I love you. You know that don't you? I know you do. Please...I love you.”
Dean could see the angel’s confusion at Dean’s proximity, a distance Dean had set himself. Cas tried to take in a breath but found it hitching in his throat and he had to swallow back a whimper as Dean inched even closer.
But despite Dean’s apparent strike out, Mr. TDB smiled at Dean, eyes brighter than they have been so far.
“Have you found it?” Castiel asked through the phone, taking in a long breath as he listened for Dean to answer.
Cas found Dean’s eyes again and smiled sweetly at him for a moment before cocking his head to the side and furrowing his brow.
“Alex, your parent’s death isn’t your fault,” He said carefully, thoughtfully. “I know it can feel that way. Survivor’s guilt can be a real bitch sometimes, but I promise-“
She wanted him to commit completely, and Dean just wasn’t ready for that. Especially since his business folded. Dean always thought he would be really secure in life before he got married, and Lisa wasn’t willing to wait anymore.
Dean couldn't hear him through the scream of the Mark. He couldn't make our Cas’ words because they muddled together under the sound of rushing blood in Dean’s ears. He stepped forward robotically and threw another punch into Cas’ face, this time hitting his eye and splitting open Cas’ eyebrow.
She looked worried, biting her nails and ignoring the book in her lap. In one of the larger chairs across from her, sat a man a couple years older than Castiel, his blonde hair striking against the fire in the hearth. He was staring across the room, where another man leaned against the ladder for the bookshelves. The second man had a book in his hand that he flipped through aimlessly. He looked bored, but oddly confident.
“Yeah Dean.” Sam rolled his eyes as he poured dog food into a small bowl and put it on the floor in the kitchen. “Whatever.”
They leaned into one another again, kissing softly and then melting into each other as they fell back asleep in each other’s arms.
“Gabe? What’re you doing here?” Dean took the offered hand Gabriel held out to him, but kept his face stern.
“So, if your life is so great, how come you don’t have plans on New Years?” Castiel teased, tossing a pea at him with his chopsticks.
Cas had heard Dean’s confession the other day and had been unable to think of much else since. The words themselves were meaningful in a way Cas didn't recognize right away but the longing behind the words. Cas felt that. He felt Dean’s desire, his longing for him.
“Oh that's right,” Metatron quipped. “He already has an angel in love with him.” He chuckled softly. “How lucky for him.”
Dean stared at the woman he thought might one day be his wife, but found himself without anything to say.
“Uh- well,” Sam thought about lying but decided there had been enough people doing that lately, “Yeah. Yeah I heard Cas.”
“Very good, Sir. Very good. So happy to see you home again.” He looked over Castiel’s shoulder and spotted Dean. “And who’s this?” His smile held as Castiel released him and turned back to Dean.
Dean didn’t know what the guy was going on about, but he knew he wasn’t looking for this to go anywhere, so there was no harm in at least finding out the guys name. It felt weird not knowing what to call him, especially when Dean planned to use their in-flight activities for future shower sessions.
His appearance was a far cry from the man who starred in Dean’s dream that night. He wasn't wearing his tan trench coat for one, half of his white button down shirt was untucked and rolled up to the elbows, and the hair that had been clean and styled in the dream now stood up in various directions.
“We sell accessories now too, little brother. Don’t pretend like you two don’t use enough lube to fill a bathtub.”
“I was so angry at you that night. I was… Cas, I was furious that you’d somehow manipulated me into being the kind of person that would put myself before other people. That was… man I hated that.
“The back of my hand. I jumped out of the way fast enough, I think. Just some splatter on my legs and feet.”
Cas took in a breath, his eyes traveling down Dean’s face quickly and back up again. He was aware of their proximity and had expected Dean to request he back away, as it was apparent that he was in the personal space Dean cared so much about. Cas found himself questioning what it was that was different about Dean today. Despite the mark that tainted his soul, and the anger that was apparent on his face at the moment, there was a lightness to Dean that Cas couldn't quite place.
Dean drove them up the coast, and Castiel sat in the passenger seat, wind blowing through his hair from the open window.
There was a moment of silence where Castiel was prepared to hear a click, but the noise of whatever Dean was doing when he answered the phone, was gone all of the sudden and Castiel could hear the man’s gruff voice much more clearly.
Blue shimmering grace began to seep out of him and Cas slammed Dean’s face against the opening, forcing him to inhale. Cas could feel Dean struggling beneath him and hoped his strength would hold out long enough to keep Dean in place.
“Let’s hope so!” Charlie said, her excitement nearly boiling over. “I’m going to work on the bathroom.” She held up black-light light bulbs and a few severed hands and feet. “If the DJ comes, just tell him to set up in the corner.”
“That’s right.” Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet. He fished through it until he found what he was looking for. He handed it to Castiel.
“Well,” Castiel started, sighing slightly. “Financially, for someone in my position, it makes the most sense to own, but for two people moving in together for the first time, owning a home together seems a bit…fast.”
Castiel laughed, despite the small aneurysm Dean experienced at the slip of tongue. They had had enough relationship upgrades for the time being. Castiel didn’t bluster at the joke, though.
Dick’s very large and bushy eyebrows furrowed together. He looked around the room and seemed to take in his surroundings for the very first time. After a second he looked back at Charlie and gave her a sparse and yellow-toothed smile. “Right on.”
Dean groaned and gestured towards the door to the house. “Don’t you have a pregnant wife to bother? I’m sure she could use some help tying her shoes or something.”
“You are so convinced that you’re not worth anything, that when someone is standing here telling you that they would give up being a celestial being to save you, you cant even listen.”
A moment later and the laugh happened again, echoing down the hall. It bounced around like it owned the place. Dean’s hands balled into fists.
“Shut up, Michael,” the girl replied. She stood up and walked over to Castiel, who’s eyes were still on the man grinning at him from the bookshelf. “Cas, I’ll do whatever you want me to. I’m on your side.”
Dean stared back at his brother for a beat, trying to convince himself that Sam hadn't picked up on the very real feelings Dean had for Castiel.
Castiel smiled, but said nothing. He knew there were things Dean wasn’t saying, and he wanted Dean to say them. He let the moment breathe. He thought of the men Dean had to bury recently; he thought of Inias. He thought of the life he wanted to share with Dean and he waited for Dean to say the things he needed to say so that they could move on from this.
The blonde pressed the dark haired guy against the passenger side door and shoved his tongue down the poor guys throat.
Alex paused, seemingly taking in her aunt’s response, then caught Dean’s failed attempt at hiding his smirk at Bela’s threat. She glared at him. “You think this is funny? Do you have any idea what she’s done?”
Castiel shuffled closer to Dean and pulled his legs up further onto the bed. He nuzzled into Dean’s neck and settled back into sleep. Dean turned on his side and wrapped his arms around his boyfriend.
“Cas?” Dean finally was able to push out the words. His teeth clamped down on his lip the moment the name passed, punishing him for his weakness. He tasted the blood as it seeped into his mouth and felt a sickening pleasure in it. His body shook, it tried to force him to forget the delicious taste, force him not think about what Cas’ blood might taste like.
“I’ve got a few free days,” Dean replied. “Should work out alright.” Dean let out a sigh. “Man, we’re getting really close to Thanksgiving, aren’t we?”
Dean’s face turned bright red, not just from anger at the little asswipes David and Abe, but from embarrassment. He was positive that the sex talk was not his area as the uncle, but he didn’t want to leave Ben thinking there was something bad or inherently wrong about his and Castiel’s relationship. He contemplated calling Sam for advice on what to say- or more importantly- not to say, but ultimately decided to treat Ben the way he would his own kid. Sam would probably be fine with anything he would say anyway.
He approached Dean’s door slowly, taking in a long breath that allowed him more time to think and prepare. Someone was barbecuing somewhere, the smell of charred food heavy in the air. His nostrils flared with the unpleasant smell that accosted his senses. Castiel knocked on the door and hoped Dean would be quick to answer. He would just walk in, but with how jumpy Dean had been lately, he was afraid to set the firefighter off. However, when Dean still didn’t answer the door after Castiel knocked a second time, Castiel turned the knob and pushed the door open. Slowly.
“It’s nothing, Cas,” Dean finally said once the door was shut and he was pointedly ignoring Castiel’s piercing stare. He headed back to the kitchen. “Just a long day at work. Getting back into the swing of things. You know?”
This wasn’t Castiel anymore. He wasn’t this person and he certainly didn’t want Dean to think this was the reason he called him. Well, not the
Castiel pulled Dean into a half hug, and stroked his back with his hand. It sent a jolt of something hot down Dean’s spine, at the memory of the last time they had touched.
Dean planted a polite, apologetic smile on his face, but took another glance down the long and wide hallway that led to the security checkpoint. The crowd was too thick for Dean to find him again easily, but just as it was Dean’s turn to head to the counter, he caught one last flash of blue and white plaid.
“What do you want, Dean?” Cas asks, kissing up his stomach and rolling his hips against Dean’s thigh as he makes his way back up to Dean’s mouth.
He instinctually let his green eyes find the blue ones next to him and found Cas staring at the mind reader inquisitively. Cas turned his gaze to Dean, as if inspecting him for a moment before shaking his head slightly and breaking their eye contact.
Dean rolled over in his bed, the sound of knocking on solid wood coaxing him out of a dream he forgot as soon as his eyes adjusted to the light he had left on.
Sam turned away to leave the library but was suddenly frozen in his place. Cas saw his body stiffen and whipped around to see what it was that had startled Sam.
“God made it so that an Angel literally couldn't fall in love with a human, unless that human was deserving.” Cas thought for a second before adding wistfully. “I’m assuming it was his version of nyphilim control, while still allowing a certain amount of free will.”
So instead of speaking, Dean leaned forward and kissed him. It was very soft, almost hesitant. Not the kind of kiss two people who have been sleeping together for months would share. It felt new, somehow, and brave and maybe also a little terrifying, and Dean melted into it. He reached up to place a hand on Castiel’s jaw and ran his thumb over his cheek again. He loved those cheek bones. He’d write odes to them if he could write anything better than a shopping list.
“Let it go. You’re with me.” He echoed Castiel’s sentiment to him from earlier, hoping it would make Castiel smile.
Castiel nodded. “Alright.” He walked over to stand in front of Metatron who was strapped to the chair in the center of the room.
Their work schedules hadn’t synced up like this since they started dating, and it was the first time they had two whole days and nights together. Dean was already imagining ways to fill that time when he scaled the brick steps to Castiel’s town home. He had to pause once, the hike a bit much for his still aching leg, but when he reached the door he knocked once and then just let himself in.
Castiel didn’t allow his brother to goad him into conflict. “It’s fine, thank you. And how is your research going?”
He made his decision as soon as he heard the engineers talking about bringing in support beams. As soon as those beams were in, the crew would be cleared to go back in, but Dean couldn’t wait another minute. He dropped the hose, grabbed a medical kit, and ran passed Donna as she yelled and he didn’t listen.
“Do you think they would have approved?” Castiel asked. He didn’t look truly worried, but Dean thought maybe Castiel would have still been nervous to meet Dean’s parents.
“Mmm...Cas.” Dean moaned into Cas’ mouth between kisses. “Maybe we should take this to my room?” The words were out before he had a chance to really think them through.
“Don’t call Uriel.” Castiel finally said, when the three friends stood and began walking off the beach. “I can find my own date.”
Dean knows the answer so he just starts thinking about what he’ll say to Cas when he sees him. He didn’t have a chance to say anything before The Empty took him—hell he didn’t even have a chance to react. It all happened so fast and now he’s not even sure if he understood Cas correctly. He feels nervous until he doesn’t. His mind is telling him he’s happy—telling him he has everything he needs here.
“Is the house really that bad, Castiel?” Jo asked, just as Charlie blurted, “Dean said you’re going to make it freaking awesome.”
Castiel knew exactly what Dean wanted, and proceeded to lick Dean’s hand down. He worked each finger into his mouth one at time, and Dean watched him with lidded, pupil blown eyes. It made Castiel want to repeat the first activity Dean and Castiel ever engaged in, but there would be time for that later.
“I didn’t want to have to change the sheets,” She retorted, looking past Dean and examining her room for evidence of debauchery.
They finished setting up the house in relative silence, aside from Dick’s occasional sound check. It wasn’t too long though before Castiel walked through the front door with several cases of beer and three bottles of wine. Dean was fond of the slim-fitted blue, button-down shirt the doctor was wearing and was instantly reminded of their required costumes that had yet to be revealed. He grumbled as he sprayed webbing along the counter tops.
Sam let out a loud breath and leaned back into his chair, letting his head fall back slightly. “I don't know. Maybe we should just tell him the truth.” Sam straightened out quickly. “But Cas, we haven't really talked about if this...giving up your grace for Dean...if that is something you would be willing to do.”
Castiel’s hands slid up to Dean’s stomach and gripped him around the waist with the kind of strength Dean loved. He let out a groan of approval and bucked up against Castiel’s chest. His bare cock rubbed against the doctor’s button down shirt, sending shivers down his spine.
“Cas?” Dean whispered, looking out at nearly rotted fence that trailed the back part of the yard. It was broken in several places. “You can’t be serious.”
Cas’ brow furrowed at that and stepped closer to the hunter who had straightened up from the wall in shock at his own words.
Dean knew he looked at his friend too long,  that he settled too easily into his touch, that he found more joy in Cas’ smile than anything else on God’s green earth.
Dean Wouldn't admit it to himself, but he was afraid of what Collette would have to say. He was terrified she would tell them there was no hope and that they should just give up trying to remove the mark.
They followed Gabriel through the kitchen and down another hallway, where Dean saw several portraits of Castiel’s family members, a vase that probably cost more than Dean’s car, and a gun cabinet that made the firefighter very nervous. When they reached a close wooden door, Gabriel turned around and sighed.
They had reconciled a few months after his road trip with Castiel. Dean wasn’t even sure it was what he wanted, but he knew Lisa was a good catch, so Dean thought he’d be stupid not to make it work.
Castiel wasn’t there when she barged into his room with Michael on her heels, ready to drag Castiel to
Dean remembered the best friend Castiel saw mentioned in her journal. “Don’t you have a BFF or something? I’m sure their parents would—“
he wants for nothing. It’s hard to be sure. There’s something between his breaths—something that itches. It’s there and then gone. Once it’s gone he forgets it was ever there until the next inhale, and its there again. He breathes in seeking, breaths out content. It’s fine. It doesn’t really bother him. He thinks. He
“No,” Castiel said firmly, squeezing Dean’s hand. “That wasn’t your fault, Dean. You can’t take responsibility for every—“
Dean nodded. “Yeah. Let me know what she’s like. I’d hate for Alex to end up with some shitty guardian.”
Cas continued to stare at Dean, his shoulders slouching slightly in defeat  when he eventually looked back to Sam.
“I am...” Dean opened the cabinet next to Castiel and looked inside. “...looking for your crazy pills.” He turned to Castiel and gave him a soft, genuine smile. “I know they have to be around here somewhere, for moments like these.”
This time Dean didn’t hear the lube bottle being opened. This time, Dean was an incoherent mess, his entire body a jumble of nerve endings ready to ignite. So when Castiel removed his fingers and tongue, Dean all but screamed his dissent, but it was only a few seconds before Dean was being filled up again. Castiel cock slid inside without resistance, not stopping until his hip bones pushed against Dean’s ass.
“She spends excessive amounts of time with Gabriel,” Jimmy told him. “Believe me, she’s heard worse.”
The heat from the fire, the pain from the bone-crushing pressure, they lingered as Dean’s eyes shot open. He was sweating, his body felt overly moist and incredibly uncomfortable. His heart was beating rapidly in his chest. His breath came far too quickly. Castiel was lying beside him, looking incredibly concerned with his hand on Dean’s arm. Dean closed his eyes again.
“Okay, yeah, I’m not fine, but there’s nothing to it, right? It is what it is. I couldn’t save them.” He gripped the counter tightly and lowered his voice. “It’s just this
“Alright.” Dean kept his eyes on Cas for another moment before averting his gaze once more, the electricity too much for him to handle. “So when do we leave?”
His rage subsided just long enough to lunge for the electrical cords that ran to the stereo equipment. As he heard the sweet relief of silence settle in the air, it was swiftly interrupted by a particularly colorful stream of curses. Dean was heading straight for the DJ station, obviously intending to do exactly what Castiel had been fantasizing about moments before.
“I was forced to watch you pine over the guy for several months, Dean. Not only do I deserve some sort of shrine in my honor for having to live through that, but it also means I can tell when it’s him you’re thinking about.”
“Okay go. Meet us there.” Dean finished loading his duffel bag full of weapons. Sam sighed but grabbed his coat to put it on..
“Cas,” he whispered as he moved just enough to rub his cheek against Castiel’s. Then he couldn’t help but to bring their lips back together in another soft and slow kiss. They’d made love before, but
Cas continued. “And in that parallel, Collette has attributed her position in Cain’s life to my position in Dean’s.”
Dean didn’t respond. He pulled the picture gently from Castiel’s hands and placed it back in the box. His fingers lingered over Castiel’s when he took the picture from him, and his body stayed close after he put it away.
“And what? We just keep him locked in our dungeon until he decides to come up with some piss poor excuse for a cure? What makes you think he will talk Cas?”
When he got to the hospital, Dean took the elevator to Alex’s floor, feeling a little nervous about his plan. He had a deck of cards in one pocket and Exploding Kittens in the other. Teenagers could be tricky. Dean knew he couldn’t just go in there and ask the girl to play a game with him. He’d immediately, and, most likely, viciously, be shut down.
“It’s not so bad. It gives me a flexible schedule so I can do other things.” Castiel smiled. “We can’t all be entrepreneurs in  the world of Fresh Pine scent.”
“Yeah,” Sam replied easily. “Actually that makes things a lot easier for us, because we were thinking about heading to Eileen’s parent’s house. With the how hard the pregnancy is already, and the baby’s coming early next year, we figured we’d get in one more trip before we’re covered in diapers and spit up again.”
Dean pretended like he didn’t hear anything about Bela running cons with Alex, and just dropped his head with another sigh.
There was another one of Castiel laying in the grass with his eyes closed. His hands were behind his head and his shirt was tucked up just enough to see a sliver of his stomach. He had his ankles crossed and wore a playful smirk. There was also a picture of just Castiel’s crossed ankles, from the prospective of someone laying beside him.
“I had a hunch,” Castiel replied with a grin. Then it fell slightly, and Dean was reminded of the nervous expression the doctor wore the night before. “Would you…do you think we should rent a place or…”
He was wearing them when he greeted Dean at the door and invited him in. They paired nicely with the light blue button up he was wearing too, which he had rolled up to his elbows.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, yeah. Of course. I was just telling Mom and Dad about Exploding Kittens. I think Alex will like it.”
“Think about what Collette said Dean.” Sam’s face became animated as he tried to convince his brother. “I mean, really think about it. She said that the reason Cain eventually fell back into darkness was because he couldn't accept her love for him. He couldn't let himself believe he was worthy of it.”
Castiel wanted to run, and his feet nearly let him, but then he caught a glimpse of someone standing under a large oak tree, just before the row of chairs began.
They sat in silence awhile, staring at the graves of John and Mary Winchester and breathing in tandem. In the quiet, Dean felt himself gearing toward a conversation that needed to be had, but he had been too chicken-shit up until that moment.
“Well, we could do a little preliminary search ourselves online this weekend. And then perhaps set up a few appointments with Jimmy’s friend next week. What’s your schedule like?”
“Sure you do,” Dean replied with a sigh. He wasn’t cool with how easily Gabe had gotten Alex to hang out with him.
Castiel pressed his finger inside just as he swallowed Dean down, the two sensations culminating in an explosive orgasm that left Dean seeing stars. He cried out, his hips just barely managing to stay on the bed as his body begged to fuck up into Castiel’s mouth to ride out his orgasm. A second later, as Castiel finished swallowing everything Dean gave him, Castiel came all over Dean’s leg. He moaned loudly as he came off Dean’s cock, burrowing his head into Dean’s groin as he rode out his own orgasm.
“Sulking?” Dean questioned. He didn’t love the implication that a young girl who had lost both her parents and had severe injuries herself, was somehow in the wrong for feeling morose about her situation.
Just by looking down at Castiel. His mind wiped clear of everything that wasnt a gorgeous blue eyed angel staring back at him.
“I got her. Go,” Donna replied. Dean heard her updating the incoming paramedics as he moved quickly to the other side of the car.
“Fine, thank you.”Castiel recovered quickly. “I’ve brought someone I’d like you to meet.” He gestured towards Dean, who was looking around the sitting room like it were an art museum. Castiel thought maybe to Dean’s eyes it was. “This is Dean Winchester. My boyfriend.”
“It’ll be fine,” Dean inserted, mostly assuring himself. “Cas and I are good. This house thing will be a cinch.” He caught Castiel’s eye and winked.
They kissed for several moments before Dean pulled away abruptly, blurting, “I love you too. I-I’ve been trying to tell you, I just- Cas, man, I am so in love with you.”
“Dean. I’m not asking you for anything in return. Please understand that.” Cas soothed the broken hunter with his voice. “I only wish to help you. Your feelings for me are irrelevant at this particular moment in time. You do not need to love me in return to accept the love I have for you. I do not need your love to continue the life I am destined for. You however, you need to accept my feelings for you. You need to understand and believe how worthy you are of them if you want to continue winning your battle with the mark.”
“I didn’t mean right now!” Charlie replied. “I meant in like, five years or something. You know you’re perfect for each other.”
The room was quiet again. It stayed that way until Dean brought his hand to his face and rubbed at his wet eyes. “I don’t know who I am if I’m not this.”
The apartment was dark, but Castiel could tell it was utterly bare. There was a mattress without sheets in the middle of the floor, a dresser beside the mattress, and a few boxes, but other than that there was nothing inside.”
He opened the first door on the right to find a standard linen closet. Across the hall he found a small bathroom, and then right beside it was what had to be Alex’s bedroom. It was painted a very dark purple, with a black painted band around the top of the walls. She had fairy lights strung over her bed and a small desk in the corner, posters of musicians Dean couldn’t recognize, and clothes scattered all over the floor. There was also an open duffle bag on the bed.
Before Dean could jump through all the required hoops, Alex was placed with a foster mother, a woman named Missouri who Dean begrudgingly agreed would be the best fit for Alex. Missouri had a way of looking at someone like she could see everything they’d ever done wrong, but she wasn’t judging them for it. She just wanted you to know
Dean let out another sound of frustration and then gripped the back of Castiel’s head, pulling him up to Dean’s mouth and crashing their lips together. He fucked Castiel’s mouth as if it were his cock instead of his tongue. He reached down and stroked the doctor’s hard penis, kissing him fiercely as their bodies came together. With their lengths aligned, another wave of pleasure crashed over Dean, making him forget why he brought the doctor back up in the first place.
“I took off the coat before I interrogated him. I didn't want to get blood on it.” Cas looked down as he stepped farther into the room. “I really hate the laundry mat.”
Dean watched as Castiel’s shaft slipped between his ass cheeks over and over, the tip teasing every time it reached the top. Dean wanted his mouth around it.
Outside the bathroom, Castiel could hear the DJ telling the crowd it was almost time to count down, so Castiel washed his hands when he was through and headed back out to the party. Only once he was out there, he couldn’t find Dean.
Dean was instantly and overwhelmingly aware of how extreme his reaction was to something so innocent. He hoped the rush of adrenaline he felt moments before wasn’t recognized as deeply as it was felt.
Dean propped himself up slightly and looked at the mess between their bodies. Then he shrugged and kissed Castiel again.
“Got it,” Dean answered. He worked methodically around the living room and hallway as Charlie requested, sticking orange pumpkins to the wall every so often. After about five minutes of silence, there was a knock on the door.
“Yes. I know.” Cas said sadly as he found a chair to fall into as well. He let himself ponder the existence of a breed of elephant that manifest the phenotype for pink skin for a moment before turning to regard Sam again. “I am at a loss as to what to do next Sam.”
He was almost at the part where he would have to  start singing, when Castiel’s front door opened. Dean didn’t look at him straight on at first, he was too afraid of his reaction.
“Fair enough,” Charlie replied. “Cas aside, why do you think you’re reacting so strongly to stuff now? I mean, you’ve been a firefighter for years. Has anything like this happened before?”
“Yes,” Gabriel replied, nodding. “I am. But, because I haven’t had a personality transplant, I’d rather watch this unfold than give you the heads up you deserve.”
“Dean. Look at me.” Cas said, bringing his hand up to the hunters face. The blood from the demon he bit earlier was caked into the stubble of Dean’s beard and Cas brushed it away with his thumb. “Its okay. You can do this Dean. Look at me. Look at me and come back.”
“I got mine first!” she announced, and Dean thought maybe he was supposed to applaud for a second. So he just stood there staring at her until Castiel put his hand on Dean’s arm.
“Its too hard. I cant.” His voice shook slightly, but Cas could hear Dean beginning to fall off the edge again. It was obvious how hard Dean was fighting in this moment, and how incredible painful that fight was.
Cas’ voice soothed the part of Dean that was ready to grab the nearest sharp object and bury it into his own chest.
“Yeah.” Castiel said absently, his eyes on another photo where Castiel was helping a little girl tie her shoes. “My number one fan.”
“So, I’ve got news,” Dean announced to the dinner table, taking in Sam and Eileen’s immediately interested expression. He signed as he talked, knowing Ben would have trouble getting all the words from his lips like Eileen could. “Cas and I have decided to move in together.”
He reached across the table again and poked the side of Dean’s mouth upwards, forcing a smile to the man’s lips.
Castiel leaned back to look at Dean, and found him smiling sympathetically back at him. Castiel still felt bad for his behavior though, even if Dean wasn’t mad at him for it.
The dark haired man with the most talented tongue Dean had ever encountered, stepped forward another inch towards the belt. “Why?”
Dean remembered that Michael was a brain surgeon, like their father, and an incredibly snobby one at that. He disliked the man in principle, but making Castiel feel inferior to him made Dean hate him even more.
Castiel yawned and rubbed at his eyes until they could focus on the television set. The news was still playing, which was strange because the local news didn’t run for more than hour, but then he noticed the big red banner at the bottom:
He let out a labored laugh. Castiel wasn’t so sure Meg was right. It’s not like he had given up on love or anything, but he wasn’t exactly brimming with excitement about potential romantic partners.
Dean sat there slumped on the edge of his bed until his brother’s voice at his doorway pulled him back to the room.
But just because he was finally beginning to admit to himself how he truly felt about Cas, it didn't mean he was ready to actually confront those feelings. Despite his longing to live a better life, to experience the things he truly desired, Dean was terrified to actually express those feelings.
Castiel sighed and pulled himself out of Gabriel’s grasp. He walked over to Dean, who had found himself leaning against a poster of Grey’s Anatomy’s Derek Sheppard.
“Cas!” Dean shouted as he spun around to face the angel. He intended to yell and scream at the angel until Cas dropped it and left, but when his eyes met Cas’ he was lost in them.
And Dean got to see it. He got to see all of it. Every side of this amazing, gorgeous man was Dean’s to see, to cherish.
“Dean,” Sam said softly, putting a hand on his big brother’s shoulder. “This is your life, right now. You can’t wait for it to be perfect before you actually live it.”
They still hunted, but they took the weekends off, reserving that time to relax and spend time together or on their own. Dean and Cas had regular date nights. Sometimes they would go out and other times they would just set up Dean’s laptop in their room and watch old movies and makeout like teenagers. They tried to keep the sex noises to a minimum, wanting not to piss Charlie and Sam off too much with their antics, but they never got any complaints. Dean thought it was because they were both so happy for Dean and Cas, they didnt mind having to wear their headphones at night.
Dean spent the first week at his parents house, helping his father in his garage and helping his mother around the house. He felt disgusted with himself that he was forced to move back home at almost thirty years old, so he made it a point to work his ass off while he was there.
“What? You think I’m going to let my brother think we are willingly entering a prank war? Have you learned nothing from being around him?”
Dean raised an eyebrow in disbelief but eventually just sighed and gave her a helpless shrug. “Well, what about you?”
He loved them. Respected them. Feared them. But to like his parents, Castiel would have had to find something to relate to them on. They were just too different.
“Uh, huh.” Mr. TDB replied, uninterested. He walked closer to the belt and crossed his arms. “Thanks for ruining it, Dean.”
“Yes, well.” Castiel says, heading back towards the door. “You’re the one that introduced the nerf gun youtube channel to him. You reap what you sow, my love.”
“Much to my disappointment,” Dean added with a laugh, and then immediately regretted it. Naomi looked like she might shoot daggers from her eyes at any moment.
“Fancy meeting you here,” She greeted, closing her comic book and pushing it to the side. Her eyes traveled down to his tray and squinted at the bowl of green mush. “You know Castiel isn’t meeting us, right?”
. Not only because Mr. TDB knew exactly what he was doing down there, but because there was no pressure to make this into a thing. Dean really didn’t need the complication that came with dating someone, not with everything so up in the air. Who knew what would happen after the meeting? He needed to keep his life open and a relationship was pretty much the last thing he needed.
“Immediately.” Cas said, his voice soft and light. “BUt I’m not sure if its a good idea for you to accompany Sam and I on this particular mission Dean.”
The girl cried out as Donna gave her an injection to help with the pain. She had a large gash on her forehead that extended down towards her nose. Her pupils were blown wide, obvious sign of head trauma. She screamed in pain when Donna began to wrap her arm for hospital transfer, tears running down her face.
“Cas, my life is pretty much the definition of failure. I’m broke and living with my parents again. I have no job, no prospects. And I know that I’m about six years too late on this, but...would you please give me back strike one?”
Castiel could feel the words forming. The words he had yet to say because it felt like a betrayal somehow. He knew it wasn’t true. He knew that Inias would want him to move on, to love again. He just didn’t think Inias would like knowing how much more Castiel loved Dean. Castiel knew it didn’t matter though because the words were in the back of his throat. They were sitting there. Pushing upwards. On the tip of his tongue…
He was still reeling from the angel’s confession of his feelings  for him, that Dean hadn't realized his own words spilling from his mouth until it was too late.
There are tears in Cas’ eyes and, yeah, Dean’s vision is going blurry too, but at least they’re happy tears.
Castiel shot Metatron a harsh look before leaning forward and driving the scalpel into the space above his knee without warning.
The man, who hadn’t been looking at Dean when Dean decided to say the stupidest thing imaginable, snapped his eyes in Dean’s direction.
Dean didn’t know how to reply to that. Alex had undoubtedly been through a horrible trauma, both physically and emotionally. Her left arm was bandaged from hand to shoulder. There were also bandages on her face and neck. Her uninjured arm was pulled across her belly, anxious and defensive at the same time. Dean pointed towards a chair in the corner and raised his eyebrows in question.
Castiel licked up the other side, then back down, slicking up Dean’s dick while he squeezed the firefighters ass. “How are your nerves now, Dean?”
Dean spun them around so that the back of Cas’ knees hit the bed’s edge and laid them down together. He could hear Cas’ shoes dropping to the floor as he slid out of them and opened his legs so that Dean could lay between them. Their lips continued to move together, their kiss passionate and messy as their hands explored each other’s bodies.
“That sounds really interesting Dean, tell me more.” Dean teased, angling his head so he was looking down at Mr. TDB.
“Actually,” Castiel pushed himself against Dean, slotting his thigh between Dean’s. “If memory serves, there are a couple of things I need to thank you for tonight.”
“He plays guitar.” Mr. TDB defended, even though Dean could tell he would rather say something else about the blonde asshole.
Dean only wallowed in his chicken-shittery for a second, before reminding himself that he had every intention of telling Castiel how much he loved him that very night. Dean lifted his head, butterflies taunting him in his stomach at the thought of what would happen later, and began to question his nephew again.
When Dean finally made it through the tarmac and stepped onto the plane, his mind was still replaying the non conversation he had with the guy he had begun to refer to as, Mr. Tall, Dark and Blue. The guy’s voice just seeped into Dean’s skin, like honey into vinegar. Plus there was the image of  the way the stranger’s tongue had slid over his lips, which kept Dean’s mind occupied as he moved his way down the airplane’s aisle.
“While I appreciate your sudden interest in my life, father. I believe it is too little, too late. Perhaps you can call me sometime, and we can try to rectify what shreds of a relationship we ever had.”
I know you're probably getting anxious waiting for a good Cas and Dean chapter, and I promise its coming, but up next is a a morning with dead people and an afternoon with Ben. A Cas interlude is scheduled for Chapter 6 and it should be a very fun, very sweet chapter! I hope you've enjoyed this update!
“If he thinks we aren’t going to do anything about this, he will be completely unprepared for whatever we come up with,” Dean said slowly.
“Cas..” Dean whispered, his throat scratchy and dry. He remembered the intoxicating sensation of the demon’s blood flowing thickly down his throat and Dean shuttered. He jerked his head away and his hand clenched around the demon blade. His face went rigid again as he tried to stay afloat.
Dean nods. “Sounds like a plan.” He smiles at Sam as Jack steps closer and places his hand on Sam’s arm. “See you later, Sammy.”
“I’m convinced morning sickness is just a dirty lie they tell to try and trick women into thinking they’ll feel better after ten. Eileen throws up pretty much-“ Sam paused and then elbowed Dean. “Hey, nice try. We can talk about my very pregnant wife in a minute. Tell me what’s going on with you.”
She opened her door wide and gestured the men inside. When both men took weary steps inside her bedroom, Charlie gave them a mischievous smile.
“That’s rather the point, love,” Bella smirked. “Pity you’re taken. I think we could have some fun together.”
Castiel moaned around Dean’s cock, his own dick leaking fluid over Dean’s leg. The feel of it just pushed Dean even closer to his edge, knowing that Castiel was so turned on from blowing Dean.
“Dean.” Cas paused a moment. His face clearly deliberating over something before his hand raised up to Dean’s shoulder, grasping him firmly but tenderly.
“An angel’s love for a human is effortless Dean, that’s why for an angel to fall in love with a human- that human has to be something extraordinary.”
“Hmm,” Dean responded, pursing his lips. “You know, it’s not like I am afraid or anything. Its just, you know, I don’t want to rush things.”
Sam took in a sharp breath. “I see.” He nodded slowly as understanding spread over his face. “This is about Cas...he talked to you?”
“I never asked you to do that Cas! I don't want this from you. I don't want you to give me anything. I want you to stop! Stop trying to save me! Stop sacrificing everything for me. Just stop it!” Dean’s pitch matched Cas’, his body unmoving aside from the finger he had pointed out at Casitel.
When he had taken over two hundred pictures, Castiel set off to find Meg, the person who got him the job taking pictures of her neighbor’s kid’s party. What he found though, was a very pregnant Meg, mauling her husband’s face against the side door their neighbors house.
than ready for this,” he told Dean. “I know it’s only been four months, and that maybe it’s too fast to make such a commitment, but-“
Bela didn’t reply right away. Instead, she rolled her eyes and pulled her phone out of her back pocket. She thumbed at it for a few moments, and then she put it in her back pocket. “Fine. The brat has until June.” She looked back at Alex’s door.
Dean nodded, kissed Castiel’s temple. “Yeah, okay. Missouri said we could do dinner with them Christmas Eve if we wanted.” Castiel hummed but said nothing. “Does that sound good?”
“Alright, so what do you want, Dean?” Castiel asked, cutting his Eggs Benedict into bite size portions and squeezing several lemons over it. Dean would have questioned the doctor’s love for acid a few months ago, but he’s since learned that there is nothing Castiel won’t put an excessive amount of lemon on.
“Well, apparently, she’s gone and gotten the thing nearly chopped off,” the woman said with an accent Dean thought sounded familiar. “Poor kid. Barely knows me. I think we met just the once. Her father wasn’t really a fan.”
Two more strong, quick bobs up and down, and another swallow, and Castiel is coming down Dean’s throat. Castiel’s hips roll into Dean’s face as he comes, and Dean swallows what he is given.
“No,” Dean said, pulling back. “I may not understand everything that’s led me here, but I know now that I can’t go back to what I was doing. It’s just, knowing what I know now; I just can’t see it the same way.”
“Shut the fuck up!” Dean hissed from behind them. Castiel had just opened Charlie’s door when he heard Dean shout, “Nothing to see here folks! Charlie, why don’t you fix the music situation?”
Dean could feel tears welling up behind his eyes and he sniffed unconsciously, still looking down into the floor.
“Yes, it is.” Sam laughed. “You and Castiel had an old-fashioned meet-cute that turned into the classic friends to lovers trope. Your entire relationship is basically a summer blockbuster romantic comedy.”
Dean was cut off by a pair of striking blue eyes pushing towards him and crowding him back into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
He gave Dean one last smirk, which was dangerously close to a genuine smile, then walked off into the night.
Sam sat in the kitchen at the bunker with a beer and a large book that took a larger book in order to decipher. He huffed and sighed and groaned until finally Cas’ voice came from behind him.
“I have heard from others that the Mark can be cured, that it isn't as damning as it was originally believed to be.”
Cas smiled for a just a moment before the fear of actually having the conversation began to take hold. “Thank you Sam. Is Dean still awake?”
“Depends who you ask.” Gabriel shrugged then worked his way to the bed, where he plopped down. He placed one of the lungs behind his head. “You’re quite the topic of conversation, little brother.”
“I...” Dean shuffled his feet slightly so that his body faced Cas’ head on. “I...don't want you or Sam to get hurt trying to fix my mistakes. I cant...” He trailed off, letting his head fall sadly.
” Dean replied smartly. He put all the salad ingredients into a large bowl and began to toss it all together.
The person in front of him had let down their seat just as Dean was placing his free, in-flight beverage onto the small table. The table bounced as the seat reclined and his coke spilled all over his jeans.
“Anything?” Dean asked and pulled away just enough to look in Castiel’s eyes. He brought his hand to Castiel’s jaw and rubbed his thumb across his cheek. Castiel smiled weakly.
He cleaned up the game, and then took a seat in the chair by Alex’s hospital bed. He didn’t know what to say or how to say it, but he figured transparency was best.
Castiel actually had several photos in the gallery, each one designated with a little white card beneath it, with his name on it. He named most of them, but there were a couple that were just ‘
Dean felt the buzzing of his phone in his pocket but ignored it. He was pretty sure there was nothing more important than what he was doing at that moment.
“Thanks,” Dean replied, blushing somewhat. “I, um, there’s actually something else too.” He paused, knowing that if he were dating a girl his brother and sister-in-law would probably think he was about to tell them he knocked his girlfriend up.
Castiel snapped out of whatever moment he was sharing with Gabriel and turned to look at Dean. “My apologies. Let’s get this over with.”
Dean pulls back so he can look in Castiel’s eyes again. They’re wide and hopeful and Dean could just live in them. He really could. It’d be ten times better than Chuck’s Medium Place.
Dean felt something in his mind snap and he stood up abruptly, snatching his hands from Cas and Sam and ending the conversation with Collette.
Castiel didn’t point out that they were eating salad for dinner and that was meant to be eaten cold. It was a generous gesture and just another thing to add to the growing list of reasons why Dean was so in love with him.
“I’m selling my brother’s place. I’ll take that money and find a cute flat somewhere in the south of France. If princess is nice, when the time comes, I’ll make sure she goes to Uni there.”
Castiel let out another soft sigh and stood up. He reached out and pulled Dean up into a hug. He buried his face into Dean’s neck and kissed at the bolt of his jaw. “I want to be more like you,” he whispered. “I want to know things the way you know them.”
“I didn't mean- i just meant- Damnit Cas!” Dean pushed past the angel in an attempt to leave the library but Cas reached out and spun him back around to face him.
Dean looked as if Castiel had just kicked his puppy. “No. I…I forgot.” Castiel nodded and began thinking of other things they could do. If Dean was in the mood for a game, maybe they could- “God Dammit!”
She’s getting a reluctant crazy aunt who just wants to put this town and everything in it, in her rear view mirror. The kid is welcome to come. She’s feisty and I have a feeling she’ll do well in a con, but I can’t force her. It’s her choice.”
“Good. Gotta show ‘em—“ Dean dropped the phone as he tried to stuff socks in the zipper compartment of his suitcase. He leaned down and picked it up. “Whoops, sorry man.”
Their bodies came together again, this time with nothing between them and they moved against each other. Dean reached between them and took both of their cocks in his hands and spread the precum down and around their cocks to slicken them. With Dean’s hands on him Cas let out a gasp, followed by something Dean didn't understand and assumed was Enochian pillow talk. It sounded sexy as hell though, and it made Dean desperate to kiss Cas again.
I stayed up late last night to write and edit this one. If there are any glaring spelling or grammatical errors, let me know and I'm sorry! :)
“What Sammy? Maybe I’ll heal the mark all on my own by giving myself a big hug and letting out those big puppy dog tears that i’ve held in for so long?” Dean rolled his eyes. “Give me a break. Nothing I do is going to stop this thing except for me to just fight against it.”
While Dean cleaned up and got dressed for work, Castiel slipped his pajama pants and T-shirt on. He’d take a shower after Dean left, but all he cared to do in that moment was fall back on the couch and pout. He sat straight up with his arms crossed and watched vaguely as the local newscaster predicted the weather for the next week.
“Uh huh.” Castiel said, putting on his seat belt. “Maybe that’s the real reason Lisa wants a break. She’s jealous.”
Cas’ eyes flew open at the sight of Dean on top of him, pulling his own T-shirt up and over his head smoothly. Cas’ heart rate quickened at the muscular man above him and smiled in appreciation. Dean smirked back down to him as he helped Cas out of his shirt and trench coat before throwing them both to the ground.
“I’m not talking about it.” Castiel repeated. He really didn’t want to delve into his pathetic breakup story with Dean. The last thing he needed was for Dean to know what how entirely leaveable Castiel was. There was an extra sting to this one too, because Michael broke up with him less than an hour after he finished fucking Castiel into the mattress.
“I’m not the person that needs to sleep with someone right after a break up to prove he’s still desireable. I’m not that person anymore.”
Their faces were inches apart, and Dean knew he was supposed to stay perfectly still, but with Cas’ groin pressed against his, he was having a lot of trouble not moving...in certain places.
Dean frowned and sipped his beer again. The DJ began scratching another song onto the one that was currently playing. It reminded Dean of a 90’s hip-hop song that was essentially a compilation of sex sounds.
But even before the longing Castiel felt as he left Dean, there was a moment he had shared with Dean upstairs,  and it was significant. Dean had relented and gave his blessing for Cas and Sam to continue their search for a cure, something that Castiel was sure was difficult for him to do. There was a moment though, where Dean looked at Castiel and a feeling radiated all over his body. It was as if Dean had wings himself, and were wrapping Cas in them, soothing him with his presence. It startled Cas, seeing how he was supposed to be the one comforting Dean in this situation but Castiel was sure of what he felt, of what he saw in Dean’s eyes.
Dean stood up and moved around the edge of the bed so that he was standing only a few feet away from Cas.
This first chapter has two parts. The second part is pure porn. You can skip it if that's not your thing.
Dean searched Castiel’s eyes, looking for some sort of clue as to what was about to happen, but Castiel just smiled nervously and opened the door.
The flight attendant called after Dean, asking if she could help in any way, but Dean shook his head no and pulled open the bathroom door. He stepped inside the cramped space and slid the door closed behind him.
Falling into each other, falling more desperately in love. Of course, neither of them had actually used the L word yet. It was kind of becoming a thing in Dean’s mind. Wanting to say it,
“Truthfully? No. But, I love you and this is a thing couples do, so yeah. Let’s do this thing.” Dean  squeezed Castiel’s hand back, then took it so he could point harshly at Gabriel. “But you are not invited.”
Dean’s grin grew once more, taking over his entire face. He was absolutely beautiful when he was happy.
“What’s the difference?” Dean asked, perturbed. He didn’t like the way Castiel was speaking to him, like he was some impulsive child.
“Sure.” Dean said, slight hesitation in his voice. “That’s uh- that’ll be good. What’s your address, I’ll come pick you up.”
Castiel worked his mouth over Dean’s shaft like it was something sacred. Dean did his best to keep his hips on the couch, but after Castiel started sucking him down in earnest, Castiel had to grip his hips and hold him there.
“Uh, sure. Yeah.” Dean nodded as if he had a clue to what the man was referring to and desperately craved Charlie’s return. Like an angel descending from the heavens when called, Charlie appeared in the hallway a second later.
Castiel had always known he wanted a family at some point in his life, but he wasn’t sure what that family would look like.
Castiel was about to make a smart comment, but the abrupt change in Anna and Meg’s appearance made him stop short.
Dean flinched, but tried not to show how much the girl’s outburst affected him. She had every reason to be upset. Her parents were dead, her life as she knew it was over, and now this person who she apparently hated has the rest of Alex’s life planned out for her. Dean would be pissed too.
He bent down slowly to pick it up, almost like he was afraid the receipt might disintegrate, if he wasn’t careful.
“W-well,” Dean stuttered. “We uh, were going to call you anyway.” Dean stepped closer to the angel clumsily. “I guess those classes in telepathy have been paying off.”
And then the curtain around his bed was being thrown back and billowing around his boyfriend dramatically, but Dean couldn’t enjoy the melodramatic, superhero vibe he put off because the situation was fucked and Dean was angry.
Cas didn't like the way he felt in this moment. He found himself unable to meet the hunters eyes and he hated himself for that weakness.
Dean doubled over as he realized Castiel’s bed spread continued the theme, with a large cartoon picture of a dissected body. The lamps on either side of the bed had kidney shaped lampshades, and above his desk boasted a long poster of the large intestine. Dean couldn’t stop laughing.
Just as Castiel pulled Dean’s belt free, there was a loud crash in the apartment above them. The sound morphed Dean’s arousal into one of pure fear-induced adrenaline. He pushed Castiel away, his heart suddenly beating fast for an entirely different reason. His eyes darted around the room on instinct, looking for…looking for…what was he looking for?
Gabriel laughed. “Like I told Cassie, Luke, to us, is mostly harmless. Think of it this way. You like taking it up the ass, right? Five dildos if I remember correctly, but you wouldn’t let cute Sammy take a turn, would you? It’s the same for our Lucy. You don’t fuck family; you don’t kill family. Pretty simple rules to live by.”
“Did something happen?” Castiel asked as he followed Dean. The doctor pulled plates from the cabinet and filled two glasses with water.
Castiel's exhale shakes because “I love you” isn’t simple at all, but it’s all Dean has time to say before he’s brushing his lips against Castiel’s again. He pulls away just to press in again, soft but seeking and Castiel’s entire body releases something he’s kept locked inside of himself for far too long. When Dean presses another gentle kiss to his lips, Cas pushes into it and the kiss shifts into…
“Oh, shut up,” Jo said, throwing one of her French fries across the table. “I’ve got to go anyway. I’ve got a prelim appointment with that girl you saved.”
“Well,” Dean answered. “The second one is easier to answer so…I guess I didn’t tell you because I wanted to avoid a moment like this. And then I just kept
Instead of replying, Castiel grabbed his brother by the shirt and forcibly removed him from Charlie’s bedroom.
Dean purposely made a spot for himself next to Mr. TDB on the train, and traded glances with him for a moment before sighing and staring straight ahead.
When they sat down to enjoy it together, their coffees were steaming and their smiles were bright. It was the first of many Saturday morning breakfasts together, and both men were blissfully happy.
came in two hours late, still drunk, and holding up his date from the night before. Dean refrained, though, and took his licks.
“Lust. Mostly.” Cas answered casually. “But there is also something deeper, your affection for me is quite strong.”
“And what type would that be?” Gabriel asked before Dean had a chance to. “The kind that run into burning buildings? Or the type that could easily bend you in half and take your ass for a spin?”
Dean stood perfectly still on the rock ledge, holding his junk in his hand as Castiel set up his camera by the car. Castiel’s body was cast in shadows, so Dean couldn’t get a good look at the good stuff, but he could see more skin than he had so far, which was a plus.
Gabriel took Dean’s bag and placed it next to Castiel’s in the foyer. “As you wish brother,” he said and then led them down the long hallway that extended into the house.
“Everyone loves KFC, Cas. It’s un-American not to love KFC.” Dean finished his coffee and stood up. “I’m going to go up and shower. Probably bang on Gabriel’s door for a few minutes, too.”
Cas began to work Dean’s belt when Dean’s phone began to vibrate again. Cas could feel it through the vibrations of Dean’s leg and looked at Dean.
Dean glanced in Castiel’s direction when they reached the backyard, an overgrown weed dispensary with what looked liked poison ivy growing along what used to be a small raised garden. The firefighter assumed they would share an equally appalled look of amusement before politely telling Jimmy’s realtor friend that they would have to keep looking, but when Dean locked eyes with Castiel, his stomach dropped.
“Dean.” Cas’ voice was soft and soothing. He didn't want to upset Dean but Sam was right. This reaction, even though Castiel hadn't even said anything yet, was extremely dramatic.
Castiel set them up on the hood of Dean’s car and they laid back and ate some more snacks and passed a bottle of wine back and forth.
Jack looks around the car, out the window and probably at each individual molecule that makes up the scene around him. Dean looks back and forth from the rear view window to the road. He should be happy to see Jack, but he’s… not. He’s surprised and… and… something. He doesn’t know. He thinks maybe he’s afraid but he hasn’t felt afraid in so long he isn’t sure what it feels like anymore.
Their eyes were locked again and Dean didn't think he could take much more of this without giving in.
“He did some sort of spell Cas.” Charlie’s voice was behind Castiel's and he turned to face her. She had stood up and moved closer to the angel and the hunter. Cas saw Sam on the floor behind her and felt concern welling up inside of him before recognizing the sound of the youngest Winchester’s steady breathing.
“A little lower?” Castiel finished. He moved his hands down to Dean’s naked ass and gripped him tightly. “Like this?”
All of this coursed through Dean’s mind and heart, fighting a battle with the darkness that began to push at his edges. It would all be so much simpler if he could just let go, give in to the seductive lure of not caring.
Dean shut the door behind him after he stepped through the threshold, and immediately found himself pushed up against it. For a split second he thought Castiel was about to take out all of his frustrations on Dean’s dick, but then the doctor just slumped against him. Their bags dropped to the floor, and then Dean’s arms wrapped around Castiel as the doctor breathed against his neck. They didn’t speak for a long minute. Dean just held his boyfriend, and Castiel just breathed Dean in.
Their business was really gaining steam and their lawyers said if they impress investors in New York, they could hit the next level soon.
Dean and Ash had thought themselves untouchable after they got the money. Their business took off, just as they expected, but then it plummeted just as quickly.
Sam nodded and pulled the picture of Collette out of his pocket, not questioning how Oliver knew it was there.
“Hmm,” Castiel hummed as he kissed and licked his way down Dean’s abs. “Later. For now…” Castiel stroked him again, this time twisting his wrist slightly when he reached the tip. Dean cursed again.
When his eyes betrayed him and found their way to the angel he found him staring out the window, his expression a healthy mixture of sadness and contemplation.
Castiel didn’t hesitate. He pulled back and slammed back into Dean, leaning over him and holding on to Dean’s shoulder, gripping him tightly and thrusting in and out again.
Castiel buried his face into Dean’s neck. “It hurts.” This love he has for him, this silent and impossible feeling, it
“Oh yeah,” Dean groaned as Castiel worked through another knot at the base of Dean’s spine. “Right there, Cas.”
The kitchen was obviously designed by someone who never cooked. There was only one suitable counter for preparing meals and it had a hanging microwave above it. The sink was one of those old steel contraptions that had open seals where food and dirt made their home.
“Alright.” He rolled his eyes as he pulled open the front door of the car. “But if you fly away right now- it'll only upset him more. Trust me. Get in the car Cas.”
Dean ignored Cas. He walked over to the demon he had killed earlier with the demon knife and pulled it out of the demon’s chest. He moved quickly back to the other two demons who were writhing on the floor.
But now, it seemed like he was wrong. Cas did love Dean. In a way that Sam was almost positive Dean returned.
His boyfriend of over a year, up and left him less than a week ago, and he wasn’t at all prepared to take on the holiday alone. Any other year he would just drink too much and make fun of everyone else at midnight, but this year he would rather go to bed at 8:30 than go out and watch everyone else be happy around him. Except that his friends aren’t going to let him get away with not having a date, so it was either go through his address book when he got home, or prepare to get mauled by Uriel when the ball drops.
Dean didn't believe he was worth anything, let alone the lives of the most important people in his life. But the way Cas stared at him, with the weight from his hand on Dean shoulder, it made Dean falter in his resolve to go at this alone.
Dean picked up his fork and began eating, not looking up. “Better hurry up. Your food’s gonna get cold.”
Castiel stilled, his back still turned away from Dean. When he turned around, there was a furrow to his brow like he was trying to figure something out. There was also a slight tilt to Castiel’s head.
“With sugar on top?” Dean says with a smirk, sucking the tip of Castiel’s penis into his mouth. He flicks his tongue over the slit and swirls it around the head. “How about a cherry Cas? I know how much you love those.”
boyfriend after all. But it still felt significant. Whatever Castiel had with Inias, Dean was afraid he’d never touch that. He was afraid he and Castiel would never have something that profound.
There was one feeling he was sure of though, the longing. Dean longed for Cas to return to him in that moment and Castiel had felt incredibly conflicted. On the surface, he knew that Dean would never say such a thing out loud. He had only admitted his dependence on Castiel during the most distressing of times, and Cas was fairly certain that the conversation they had upstairs would not qualify.
“What do I tell him?” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “Hey Cas, my business folded and I’m living with my parents again, but maybe you want to take me on a date anyway?”
This chapter is a bit of a tooth-rotting gift to you all. At least, I hope it is! Please let me know what you think. :) A Castiel interlude is up next! Shouldn't be more than a week.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat, the discussion of Cain’s personal struggles mirrored his own so greatly, it felt like he himself was being psychoanalyzed. His grip on Cas’ hand tightened for a moment and he found a soothing warmth spread over him as Cas took his thumb and rubbed it against the back of Dean’s hand. Dean felt his heart begin to thump loudly at the intimate contact and felt the urge to pull away but curbed it, knowing it would break the connection with Collette.
He wasn’t sure, but Dean swore he saw the man smile as he turned his head away from him. When Mr. TDB didn’t say anything else though, Dean decided to let his teasing nature take the wheel.
Dean rolled his eyes dramatically and huffed out his annoyance. He stuffed several fries in his mouth in an odd act of rebellion.
“Oh yeah,” Dean stepped up to the counter next to Sam and started unwrapping the steaks. “How’s Eileen doing lately? Morning sickness still keeping her down?”
Dean closed his eyes and tilted his head back in his seat, knowing that after an orgasm like that, sleep would find him soon enough.
“Mmm.” Dean said, humming around another bite. “Never underestimate the willpower of a Winchester, Cas.”
Castiel took Dean’s hand and woven their fingers together. “Dean, I promise never to recommend that you quit your job. Okay?”
“No need, little lady. I mean you no harm.” He stepped back to show her he meant what he said. “Name’s Dean. I was one of the firefighters that helped you after your accident.” Alex locked eyes with Dean for a long moment, almost as if she were trying to read his mind, but then Dean realized she was just trying to recognize him, place his face in her mind. “It’s alright if you don’t remember me. Most vic- uh, most people don’t remember much about their trauma.”
Dean’s head popped around his kitchen cabinet. He looked horrible. “Cas? Shit. Cas- I’m sorry, I know it’s-“
It wouldn’t be unprecedented for Castiel to just fall asleep right then and there, with the doctor’s odd sleep schedule he could be narcoleptic at times, but Dean knew he was still awake. He knew it because when Dean tilted his head and kissed the doctor’s cheek, Castiel buried his face in the firefighter’s neck.
The flight is just a haze, small moments of Castiel holding Dean’s hand or a flight attendant offering him something to drink. Dean doesn’t panic, the anxiety medicine works beautifully. Unfortunately, it isn’t until they are in the car outside of Castiel’s parent’s house that Dean finally gets his wits about him again.
Dean really didn’t want to go, but he had to. He had a flight the next morning to New York, where he and Ash were having their venture capital meeting. It could mean major money for them and their business if things went well, so he couldn't miss it.
“Good idea,” Dean replied, letting out another happy sigh. He really was sleepy, and Castiel’s hands stroking up and down his naked thighs was lulling him closer and closer to dreamland.
“No, it isn’t.” Castiel said, positioning his camera on his tripod and pressing a few buttons. “It’ll be gorgeous.”
. Dean planned to rectify that second part soon. Probably tomorrow, if Castiel agreed to go with him.
Castiel chuckled softly. “You really should be gentler with your body. You fell out of a three story window this year.”
that radiated from Dean. Castiel could even go as so far as to call Dean the most fun person he has ever been with, but that wouldn’t be enough to describe the pure exhilaration Castiel felt whenever he was in Dean’s presence.
“No, not today Ems.” Castiel says, looking down at his toddler as she pulls on his pants. “We ran out of food coloring last weekend.”
“Yes. We need someone in contact with the other side who is willing to find Collette and bring her to us. Someone who can straddle both words.”
“Dean,” he said quietly. “Have you actually thought about this? Or are you reacting to a sad situation?”
There were three spacious bedrooms in the ranch-style home, but one of them was covered in dog urine. The other two seemed fine, but upon closer inspection, they too smelled of piss, and the smallest of them most definitely housed a range of hanging sex toys.
“I’m just going to grab some water.” Castiel said, turning his back on Dean and walking towards the kitchen.
“Yeah, maybe.” Dean said. He looked out at the ocean. “He’s a good guy, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind being friends with a fuck up like me.”
Dean cocked his head to the side as he regarded the strangers ass a little longer than necessary, until the woman behind him hustled him forward. He turned around to apologize, but the woman was less than interested in hearing it. She gave him a strained smile, then pointed ahead again, motioning Dean to move forward once more.
“What makes you think you have a choice in what i do Dean? When have you ever listened to what i say? What i want?” Cas strode closer to Dean, bringing his own finger up to point at the hunter as Dean let his hand fall. “You listen to me. I’ll be damned if i let this thing take you!” Dean’s hands moved before his mind knew what was happening, the mark burning hot on his arm. He pulled the angel violently towards him by his shirt. He turned them around quickly and before he could stop himself he was pushing Cas out of his hands and into the wall.
Dean was grateful for the moratorium on the relationship talk. He didn’t want to jinx it. He was happy with where they were and where they were going. No need to rush into anything else.
“I got strike one before we even met?” Dean asked, incredulously. “You can’t get strike one before you even step up to the plate!”
Dean smiled to himself and didn’t think twice before crossing the street and making his way towards Castiel.
Castiel smirked back at him, mimicking Dean’s position as he wound his arms around his boyfriend. “I’m sure you’ll find something.”
“I stole his grace Dean, he is mortal now. Metatron doesn't wish to die, and now he can. I think we can use that to our advantage. Perhaps there is more to all of this than we realize.” Cas took another step closer. If Dean reached out, he could feel the stubble on Cas’ cheek if he wanted.
Castiel says nothing. He strokes Dean’s hair, trails a single finger down his cheek, across his jaw. Dean’s slipping fast, his mind close to dreaming, when Castiel brushes another kiss across Dean’s cheek. He says something Dean can’t understand, maybe because he’s barely conscious, maybe because it’s in Enochian, Dean doesn’t know. All he remembers is the shiver that accompanies Castiel’s mouth near his ear, and the soft sigh of relief when Castiel whispers, “Forever.”
Castiel stopped yelling over the music and finally rolled his eyes and let out another laugh. The next time Castiel opened his mouth, it was to join Dean in belting out The Killers.
The night was warm and the moon was full. The park they stopped at was full of rolling hills, rock ledges, and trees. Without the city lights, the sky was bright with stars.
Dean was going to make it his mission to make sure Alex ended up all right. Even if he had to track down the aunt himself, Dean was going to make sure Alex had a soft place to land.
“Ever since I’ve been back, I’ve been freaking out over every little thing and I couldn’t explain it. Then I talked to Charlie and she totally shrinked me. Apparently, I’m too afraid to talk to you about work issues because I’m afraid you’ll tell me to quit, and so I bottle everything up and it just ends up following me around,” Dean admitted in a rush. There was more to it, but he wanted to get this part over with first.
“Dying people don’t typically have the wherewithal to claim that it “sucks,” Dean responded, hoping to distract the girl from her pain as they began to move her.
Castiel pulled a wicker basket down from the top of his bookcase to pack. He could feel something rolling around inside, so he pulled off the blue top.
“I know,” Castiel said, and wrapped his arm around Dean’s middle. “It’s one of the things I love most about you. You’re so giving.”
Why did he do this to himself? Why was he forcing himself to be with these people? Despite his father’s sudden interest, Castiel did not want to be here. He loved Anna and Gabriel, but spending the next four days with the rest of his family would be torturous. And for what? Just to say he spent the holiday with his family? It didn’t seem worth it. Not for this family, at least.
Dean turned his beer up again at that, wanting to hide the expression he was positive would betray his true feelings on the subject. He finished his beer quickly and turned his back towards the fridge to grab another.
“I better go,” Jo said after kissing Charlie back. “Gotta appointment in five.” She got up from the table and tossed Dean a wave as she walked away. “See you tomorrow, Dean. Hope you don’t have a latex allergy!”
“Alright, then,” she answered with a  sigh, leaning over to give Charlie another quick kiss. She stood up from the table and picked up her tray. “I’ve got to meet with the guardian first, so I should probably-“
Naomi was seated in her chair, while Charles lay out on the large sofa. He was reading a medical journal, while she held the bible. Castiel swallowed hard.
“Okay.” Castiel swallowed hard, dialed 411, and prayed to a God he didn’t believe in, that it would work.
Castiel’s own smile fell slightly at that, but only for a moment. It was a blink and you’ll miss it kind of thing, but Dean didn’t blink, so he didn’t miss the anxiety that floated across the doctor’s face.
Dean shut the door and turned around to face them, his face the complete opposite of the happy tone he had just exuded to the party guests. With his hands on his hips, his bare legs, red mask, and flowing cape, the firefighter looked like he had just stepped out of a comic book. Castiel tried to push down the amusement he felt at the sight. It wasn’t hard to do, considering how entirely pissed off he was with his brother.
I am, without a doubt, so very sorry for waiting a year to update this story. I have been on the receiving end of an abandoned WIP that I loved and it KILLED ME. So, from the bottom of my heart, I apologize.
The room was full of sounds then—some loud, some quiet. It was like their love. So profound it was unspeakable, so silent it screamed.
Sam nodded and stood up from the table. “So its settled then?” He looked to Cas who kept his piercing blue eyes on the elder hunter.
“Mr. Pryce? Its Sam Winchester.” Sam yelled through the door, his voice kind but with a nice twinge of desperation. “I know you don't want to see me but-” He let out a loud breath. “But we really need your help.”
Alex was sitting up in her bed, an aggravated smile on her lips, and on the table hovering over her bed was the game Sorry. But it wasn’t the smile or even the game that had Dean tripping up. It was the person Alex was playing with.
He pulls back just enough to look into Castiel’s eyes. They’re hooded, pupils blown wide, and Dean wants to wake up every morning with those eyes looking back at him. He cups Castiel’s face and smiles. “Cas, just do what feels good. Don’t hold back.”
“Seriously?” Dean asked, looking down at himself and then back at Castiel. “You think a guy like me, with a successful business and all that comes with that, will have trouble finding someone to fall in love with me?”
“Yeah sure, hold on.” The voice on the other end of the phone said politely, then  came a muffled yell. “Dean! Phone!”
Sam let out a breath before breaking eye contact, walking past his brother, and leaving him alone with Cas in the library.
Dean nodded. His thoughts traveling to his friend again. He felt a  mixture of comfort and anxiety at the thought of seeing him soon. He wondered what kind of mood he would be in and hoped that Cas wouldn't’t pick up on the emotional transition Dean was going through. Despite the fear that was rising in his stomach like bile, Dean longed to lay eyes on his best friend.
Dean felt his climax coming, he just needed a little something extra to push him over the edge. Castiel sounded like he was close too, his cock thrusting into him relentlessly as he groaned obscenities behind him.
Gabriel’s slack face pulled together in confusion for half a moment, before his mouth pulled into another
“I’ve got a button here that brings that prick of a nurse back in,” she replied. “You could probably take him, but I bet he’d call security before you did any real damage.”
“Cas...” Dean began. He didn't know what he was doing. He didn't know how his body was making these moves without his express permission, but it was. He was moving closer to Cas and it felt like he was inching towards the most beautiful sunset that had ever graced the earth. His body tingled, his heart pounded, and his mind went completely blank as Dean brought his hand up to Cas’ face and laid it gently across his cheek.
“Don’t listen to her.” Anna said, rubbing Castiel’s back. “He was a jerk. Plain and simple. Guys like Michael don’t know how good they have it, until it’s gone.”
“So, can we get off the roof now? Cas has this thing about be and jumping out of houses, so I should probably put him out of his misery soon.”
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. “Little things. I can’t stop seeing things I’d rather not see. Things from that first accident. And you saw what happens when I get startled. It’s like I go into defense mode or something. My entire body feels like it’s going to-” Dean cuts himself off. He’s not one for oversharing.
A cold shiver ran through Dean’s body as the voice on the other end replied to him. It wasn't the light, breezy tone of his friend that he had come to find comforting. It was a familiar british drawl that spoke to him. The mark began to scream as the King of Hell’s voice whispered into Dean’s ear.
With Inias, Castiel could feel the strength of his love for him in the beat of his heart. Castiel loved the way Inias spoke; he loved the way he smiled; he loved the way he fell asleep at night. Castiel found many things he disliked about the man, as all couples inevitably do, but Inias’ faults never stopped Castiel from loving him. It had become a piece of his identity. It was like he could take his love for Inias and bottle it up and hold it inside of himself forever. With Dean…it was like there was no container in existence that could possibly hold Castiel’s love for him. It was raw, powerful, and absolutely undeniable. It would threaten to overwhelm him, and then it would offer the doctor the most blissful serenity. Castiel had never experienced anything like it.
Dean began to laugh again, but the sound that came out was immediately dampened by the next sound emitted from the speaker system.”
The car ride to the psychics house was quiet but there was a thick tension that radiated around its occupants. Dean kept his hands on the wheel, gripping it tightly until his knuckles blanched, doing his best not to steal glances in the rearview mirror at Cas in the backseat.
“It’s getting stronger. Harder to fight.” Cas said firmly as he straightened out and hesitantly walked closer to Dean again.
“That she’s a raging cunt who can’t handle responsibility,” Dean spat. “I can’t believe she would just run off! I mean, Alex is her niece; she’s family! I’d never do that to Ben. You’d never do that to Claire.”
“What? Yeah man, sorry.” Dean brought his hand up to rest on the back of his neck. “Still half asleep, that's all.”
“Dean, you’re going to have to give me a little more detail here…” Castiel started, walking around the kitchen counter to join his boyfriend at the stove. He couldn’t spot the origination point of the smell. It didn’t seem to be coming from the pot Dean stood in front of. “What butt are you speaking of?”
The smile Dean wore as he stabbed each demon repeatedly sent chills down Castiel’s spine. He inched closer to the hunter slowly, keeping his eyes on him and anticipating the fight he knew was coming but hoped he could avoid.
Castiel was completely naked and lying on the bed, one leg bent up as he stroked his cock in a slow and sensual rhythm. Dean swallowed the rest of his sentence. His boyfriend was so
Even without his switch dimmed down the way he liked it to be, Dean sprung into action. He could hear Donna pounding behind him with the medical equipment as he raced for the girl. His eyes picked up points of interest across the scene as he went.
“No?” Dean questioned, one eyebrow up. He crossed his arms again and looked at Castiel. “What do you mean, ‘no’?”
Dean nodded. “Positive. I’m excited, man!” He pulled his hand back and worked on finishing off his breakfast. “Curious to see where you grew up.” Then something terrible occurred to Dean, and he put his fork back down with a groan. “We’re going to have to fly there, aren’t we?”
He could hear sounds inside the house, bustling noises that sounded like a lot of people working rather than partying.
“Oh my God,” Dean uttered in shock. His eyes swept the room, looking first for Charlie and Jo, who were staring at him from across the room with confused and very concerned looks on their faces, and then for the DJ. The groaning intensified over the speakers as the music died away. The room was suddenly full of nothing but the sounds of Dean fucking Castiel into the next century.
Meg backed off with her arms raised. “Hey, no skin off my back babe. If you want to fall down the rabbit hole of you and sugarlip’s epic romance, be my guest. Hell, I’ll make popcorn and we can laugh over your ill- advised punk phase, but let’s not pretend we both don’t know what’s really going on here.”
“Cas- just come in already if you’re going to.” Dean called out, willing his mind to forget the way he had just been thinking of Cas, feeling Cas, kissing Cas...
Charles, to his credit, looked appropriately chagrined for a moment, before a look of understanding befell him. He nodded, and tried to give Castiel a small smile. He said nothing.
“Have a good trip Dean!” Sam said, through the passenger side window. “I’ll see you in a few weeks!”
“Maybe,” Dean said. He picked up her journal and handed it to Castiel. “This will probably give us some insight, but I feel like a major creep reading it.”
“Donna, you got her? Probable contusion, and-” Dean carefully lifted the girls shirt slightly so he could place his bare hand on the skin of her abdomen. “Skins too hot. Internal bleeding likely. I’m going to go around.”
Just as they arrived at their carousal, Dean’s phone started to buzz in his hand. Two voicemails and a couple text messages. He nearly dropped his phone when Claire bumped into him as she ran up to the rotating belt and pulled off her glittery blue bag.
“When you talk about Inias, you always make it sound like…” he trailed off and looked away. Then he was out of Dean’s arms and Dean was left wondering what he’d done wrong.
“Sorry, babe. I’m interested. This is all very interesting. I promise,” Dean told him. “I’m just wiped.”
Dean rolled to his back under Castiel’s hips, a motion so quick Castiel let go of Dean’s hair in the process. With the freedom, Dean grabbed Castiel’s ass and hauled it towards him, opening his mouth and taking Castiel’s cock into his mouth. The doctor groaned, biting his bottom lip, as Dean took him all the way in.
“Yes, Dean. Its me.” Cas said softly, summoning all of his strength to stand and meet the hunter’s gaze dead on. He wanted to bring Dean into his arms, he wanted to bring him back.
As he sat down with Bobby and the rest of the on-duty company for dinner, Dean committed to scouring both of their apartments for bugs. He wouldn’t put it past Gabriel to plant something in a vent or a lamp or something. The dickwad was
As he left Dean upstairs he felt an intense pull of gravity coaxing him back to where Dean still stood. It was this overwhelming feeling of being needed, that made Cas look over his shoulder as he turned down the hall and out of view. He caught a glimpse of Dean, still staring down the hall at Cas, his face showing a wide range of emotions Castiel couldn't pinpoint.
Inias was my soulmate or destined partner, but Dean, even if I believed in things like that, it wouldn’t be Inias who filled that role.”
When he laid Castiel down on the couch, Dean did so slowly. He laid him down with their eyes locked, their breaths shared, and Castiel stared up at Dean like he was some kind of angel sent down from heaven. He found that incredibly ironic. Castiel was the celestial one, after all; Dean only glowed because of him.
Naomi Novak, with her bland suits and tight bun, was a professor of Theology. She was devoutly Christian, despite the hate she clearly held in her heart, and never accepted Castiel’s homosexuality. Gabriel’s profession bothered her a great deal, of course; and Luke’s preference for ending lives rather than saving them, irked her, but somehow it was Castiel’s love of men that she found morally repugnant. Castiel found that extremely frustrating.
Dean thought to himself as he sat down, unable to stop the smile from creeping onto his lips or the butterflies from sweeping through his stomach. He wasn’t opposed to one night stands, but this was definitely a first for him. He didn’t know the guy’s name and barely more than a few sentences were exchanged between them.
Castiel laughs as he grabs the towel they used the night before, and wipes off his stomach and Dean’s hand. He leans over and kisses Dean softly.
When the waitress returned, Dean and Castiel pointed out which meal they would like on their menus and then proceeded to throw packets of sugar at each other until their food came.
A little girl- no, a teenager, maybe fifteen years old. Dean thought she looked a lot like Anna Kendrick, Claire’s new favorite actress. Her long brown hair clung to her face as she pulled herself from the back seat of the grey car, one bloody hand clawing at the asphalt, her right arm pulling her forward. The left arm was almost completely severed and dragging beside her.
“Right.” Cas breathed out and leaned back in his seat. His head cocked to the side for a moment before pursing his lips slightly and leaning forward again. “He is coming. I think after what happened earlier tonight it’d be best for him if I wasn't here right now.”
“I don’t know,” Sam says and Dean freezes. Sam looks guilty, conflicted and… tired. He suddenly looks so tired. “I just…” Sam turns to Dean and sighs. “I already had this whole life. I mean, just because it was an alternate reality doesn’t make it any less real. I loved my wife. I loved my son. I was happy. I had a really good life, Dean.”
“So how is Eileen doing this week? Did she enjoy the red pepper smoothie recipe I sent her?” Castiel asked as he slipped a strawberry between his lips.
They sat together on the edge of Dean’s hospital bed, still connected and leaning against one another, while they waited for Dean’s test results to come back. The room stayed silent.
Dean stood there a moment more, his eyes full of shock and confusion. Then, the corner of his mouth lifted and he joined Castiel in a conniving grin.
“One, you’re not a fuck up. Two, you and I both know you two are a lot more than friends.” Sam shot back, eyebrows raised. “Why not just got for it? I mean, you live close to him again and you obviously really care about each other.”
