She was almost thankful at first that he’d thought to bring Herr Stark along (because she could see no other reason for the man’s presence) but as the evening progressed it quickly became clear that Stark was not there as the captain’s employee but as a friend.
“You can’t decline the Führer! Are you mad?” Charlotte shot back just as hot, her hand convulsing on his chest. Steve removed the appendage and woodenly shut the door they’d left open.  He was aware on some level that she was still speaking, and they were purposeful words, important words. They moved around him as he moved around her. Rolled off him like water until she snatched his arm and forced him to look at her face contorted in fear. He couldn’t take that – not now. Not on top of everything.
“Please! Sarò una buona patatino”
~*~*~*~*~
“You’ll have toothaches for months.”
Bucky planted himself between Natacha and Péter, grunting a hello as he began to scoop bits of food onto his plate.
They’d been brothers ever since.
Life went in circles. Rabbi Benajello had worked with others within the community to set up school for Jewish children. The professors who could no longer teach at the university took up positions as teachers, but there were gaps especially where language was concerned.
Natasha sighed and took another sip of her drink.
k, new chapter, hope you enjoy, you know this drill, so lots of love,
Steve was interrupted by a cry of surprise. He turned to the source of the noise and Peter Parker was staring up at the sky.
anyways, hope y'all enjoy, make sure you're getting enough hugs a day - 4 for survival, 8 for maintenance and 12 for growth, did you know that? i'm clearly dead, then - and see you next time! lots of love,
'Steve,
Natasha said that it was because he was being carried by somebody - or something - which was why he was moving so fast and leaving irregular splotches of blood. Sometimes they'd come across drag marks in the dirt or something just as ominous, like a torn piece of cloth from Clint's trousers.
new chapter, and it's actually done early this time :) bomb stuff - no way am i an expert, again, just following the plot of the 100, all i know is raven made a 3 part bomb with hydrazine, gunpowder and ignition and nothing else. steeb and tony being dumbasses in love and everyone still bleeding like crazy - the normal stuff, obviously.
Tony couldn't speak. He knew it shouldn't matter, his father was only saying that to make him feel bad, but it stung. It stung to hear the man who was part of the reason he existed, who had given him his childhood and who had raised him for sixteen years speak like that.
'Not bad, Rogers. There's hope for you yet. Now, why don't you run along to your boyfriend? Not that I want to see you make out but I hate seeing you mope around like a puppy left in the rain, so...' Clint let his sentence trail off.
'I'm sure,' he said firmly.
Clint whirled around and stalked off, furious, and nearly crashed into Bucky.
'Because I'm awesome! The best! Crazy Uncle Clint gave the kid an arrow again!'
Delinquents had lined up, clamoring for news of their parents. Carol had tried to run through all the names and cleared most of them, but there were the unlucky few whose parents had forcibly been dragged onto the Exodus ship.
Darcy nodded. 'We thought you were going to die,' she said softly.
'I got you a hammer, you oaf,' Loki finally snapped, swinging the weapon to the front with a considerable amount of effort.
'What do you think took him?' Tony tried again.
'I did not!' she protested, but he could see the blush on her cheeks.
'Hey, calm down, I get it,' she told him, and he broke off mid-rant. 'Any other milestones?'
'M-j-o-l-n-i-r.'
Natasha, James, Steve, Clint and Loki were currently making their way to the outpost with the tunnel Loki mentioned. The sickness had died down, just like he'd said, and left most of them weak, some barely clinging to life, and five dead. HYDRA hadn't attempted to attack again. The bridge incident had been two days ago, so Steve thought it was clear and they could go check out the tunnels.
'There's news at the gate for you,' James told her, lazily tucking a strand of her short red hair behind her ear.
'I had a radio in the drop ship,' Valkyrie told him. 'I planned on communicating with them as soon as I touched the ground. Clearly that didn't work out so well. Thanks, by the way,' she added, to Bruce, who nodded. 'No problem.'
Bruce and Betty quietly filed out of the room, Bruce looking on the verge of collapse, Betty half-supporting him. They shut the door behind them, leaving Clint and Darcy alone.
Standing there was Loki, his hand outstretched, seeming to just realize that Tony wasn't alone.
'Jane, wait! We must see where it lands first, and then we shall go and investigate.'
'I love you.'
Barney had showed up out of nowhere, a year after his father was floated, when Clint was sixteen, and had demanded Clint give him half of his weekly pay. Clint obviously refused and Barney was furious. The two of them argued which then escalated into a full fight which had to be broken up by the security, and Clint had missed an important event which he was supposed to be attending by Fury's side.
'Hey, hey, it's alright,' she whispered to him, and pulled him into a hug, wrapping her arms around his neck. He buried his face in her shoulder, his arms automatically going up to encircle her waist.
'That's it? You didn't fuck?'
Thor and Jane watched it for a few moments.
Carol's words echoed in his head.
'I think Loki's back. He has something to say. He also has company. Steve and Thor are handling them.'
'A gun? Yeah, baby. It's a 9mm Glock-17. Apparently these were really popular back then.'
That was all that mattered in that moment, and all that mattered now.
Jane stood up and began to run down the hill, towards the drop ship. Thor called her back.
'I'm sure, Rogers, or do you not trust me?' Loki replied silkily.
Tony laughed out loud and then pulled Steve towards him, kissing him deeply.
'Of course you did, that's the logical thing to do,' Bucky said, yawning, emerging from the tent behind Steve, 'because we totally have bows, y'know, and we're so stocked we couldn't have used the flint for something useful, like knives.'
'Hey, Buck.'
Thor looked around at his friends. Steve was frowning, lost in thought. T'Challa looked calm and collected. Tony was trying to maintain his cool demeanor but he looked concerned. Bucky was furrowing his eyebrows as well and Natasha was as unreadable and stoic as always. Bruce, Wanda and the others were all wide-eyed and open-mouthed.
They got him a warhammer.
Loki smirked. 'You're a liar, Romanova.'
she screamed furiously.
They'd lost four more delinquents to the Grounders. One was speared, two were caught in a spike trap and the last one had his throat slit and was dumped in front of the camp. It was maddening and appalling. They'd also caught sight of the Grounders a lot more. They seemed to have their territory in the jungle separating the delinquents from Mount Weather, which was just perfect.
'I'm not worried about him.'
She turned back to Loki. 'Those are the first words you've spoken since you've been in here,' she replied coolly, avoiding his question.
Especially being in love with Tony Stark.
Jackpot.
'Hey, stop distracting me!'
'When was the first Exodus ship scheduled to land, again?'
'Yeah, well, first off, she's using a pistol, secondly, no idea where she learned it but she's awesome at using a gun. Which you are not.'
'For fun. I like breaking down people, bit by bit. Really pumps up my self-esteem,' she replied smugly, walked past him, picked up the bottle she'd seen him eyeing, and then sashayed her way out of the top floor of the drop ship.
'What the hell, man?' Clint began, but Steve was already walking away.
Tony snorted. 'Aren't you a smartass. Everyone's copying my style and I hate it.'
Not only did Thor's rat of a brother continue to mock him every chance he got, he also walked around with his nose in the air, acting like he was better than the rest of him, treating them like they were beneath him. He didn't know what Thor saw in him but Clint knew he wouldn't take it too kindly if Loki was stabbed to death, which was a pity.
'I was thinking about how we should do that,' Barnes had said quickly, 'do you think there's any way we can get under the drop ship? Then from there we can either go up or -'
anyways, i think i'm done, i'll see you next time, comments and kudos are appreciated, stay safe and lots of love,
Steve held both his hands up in a gesture universally associated with surrender. ‘I’m not going to do anything funny. See? I’m dropping my gun. I’m completely unarmed. Just let him go and I’ll come in.’
There was another thud and then a gasp, as if someone had just taken a deep breath. Tony strained his ears as he worked. He could hear fighting - punches landing on flesh, grunting, loud thuds and an occasional yell.
Rogers thanked the muscled boy while his dark-haired companion gave Rumlow and his gang a triumphant smirk.
Bucky rolled his eyes. 'Stevie, are you serious? Literally everyone in the camp knows your obsession with Stark. I'm pretty sure all of us are waiting eagerly for the day when you finally admit you're an idiot who wears his heart on his sleeve and that if you don't get off your ass and talk to Stark, you're going nowhere.'
They'd also devised a system for washing clothes because people couldn't wear the same clothes all the time. For those lucky enough to find clothes that fit them in the bunkers, they could switch between two sets, but the others had to occasionally jump into the nearby lake fully dressed and then wait for the sun to dry them off.
He ducked under a frond and came to a halt before the ruins of the first Exodus ship.
Tony scoffed. 'A name? What, like Bob the Hammer?'
Steve was walking beside him, eyes focused on the back of Bucky's head. Tony tried to ignore his presence, but he just couldn't. Steve was like a fucking magnet, or something - Tony couldn't keep away.
'Leave the room. I'm being serious. Get the fuck out and go and help Steve. I promise I'll get the antidote.'
'Oh, really? Because that poison was made up of water hemlock, belladonna, monkshood and a little bit of secretion from a poison dart frog. Nice touch.'
'They think you're dead,' she continued, 'because a few days ago all your wristbands stopped communicating with the Helicarrier.'
Jane looked towards where the drop ship had landed.
Steve went even redder amongst the chorus of 'aww's and 'get a room's.
'Don't be. It accomplishes nothing. Anyways, why do you care so much, Barnes?'
'You bet I can do something with all this!' he told them, grinning like a maniac.
And it was this thought that was the last thing he could remember before he tripped over something on the ground, hit the ground hard and blacked out.
Steve let his gaze wander over a portrait he'd done on the first day they'd shoved him into this cell - him when he was young, asthmatic, and a pathetic bag of bones, standing with his mother and his best friend. Sometimes he wished he could go back to being tiny and unproblematic. He'd have been way to small to cause any kind of damage to Rumlow, and therefore wouldn't have ended up in a cell.
'Did too.'
'Listen, I'm fine, okay? I can stay here. I'm going to stay here.'
'Hey,' Barnes said gently, noticing her face. Fuck, he was good at reading emotions. She quickly tried to compose her features back to the stone-cold mask they usually were, but the damage was already done.
It was a chaste kiss, nothing like the make-out they'd done the first time, and Tony broke away, leaving Steve flushed and tongue-tied.
Thankfully the sickness didn't smack him across the face again.
As they got closer, it got worse, but thankfully it wasn't so harsh that they needed to cover their mouths and noses. It was barely tolerable, however. Thor guessed that the drop ship was no longer on fire but the stench lingered in the air.'
He managed to crawl out of the hole, using his elbows to pull him up. Just as he stood up and brushed off the dirt, pleasantly surprised to find himself out in the open again, there was a shocked exclamation and he whirled around. Loki had clearly come back.
Her clouded eyes rolled to his direction. 'We... split up. I don't -' she took a shaking breath and went back to her babbling. Finally, she choked out, 'Kill... me.'
They watched the aftermath of the fight - kids tending to their wounds, forming groups and either discussing the skirmish or taking sides and vehemently quarreling, going off to quiet corners to just sit and think. It was a ruin, their camp. A free-for-all, survival of the quickest situation. The girl who'd had her wristband forcibly taken off by Rumlow was crying and Sam and Scott Lang were trying to comfort her.
Boom.
'Get down!' she yelled at Barnes, who was standing at the bottom of the ladder. She ducked into the bunker, pulled the hatch on and closed it tight, breathing heavily and trying to ignore her itchy, burning arms and neck.
'I will take my leave now. My excuse for staying away covered four days and they will get suspicious.'
He grinned.
'What do you mean you don't fuck - why did you stop?' Darcy asked, confused, slowing down to a jog beside him.
Nothing was off yet. As far as Bruce knew, Steve had instructed him to tell parts of the truth and make it sound like important information or else if he was found out, they would kill him. He'd been told only to tell harmless truths, however, like the body count. HYDRA wouldn't benefit from knowing exactly how many delinquents were dead if they didn't know anything about the ones who were alive.
(See the end of the chapter for
Everyone had been so caught up in trying to help the people injured by the bombs that they didn't realize there was someone on the Council plotting to send the first Exodus ship down early - Arnim Zola, a renowned Swiss biochemist. Zola managed to get HYDRA operatives on the drop ship and also convinced civilians to come too, telling everyone it was an emergency and they needed to launch the Exodus ship now.
Wait, that wasn't fair, wasn't Tony the one to usually start the kissing? He should have - never the fuck mind, this was incredible. He was kissing Steve and it was incredible. Tony curled his hand around the back of Steve's neck and pulled him closer, eliciting a groan from Steve. He was pretty sure their make-out session would've turned into something else when somebody started screaming.
'What? They're done? They found out what was in the poultice?' She sat up straight and hopped off the couch, frustration sinking in. If she wasted precious time napping in the bunker -
'Yes, if we landed in a place where we can see them clearly. Do you want to come with me when it's dark out? We won't go far.'
'Yeah, there is. The Helicarrier's running out of supplies and oxygen. Part of the reason they sent us down is because they needed less people aboard the station but that's just a temporary solution and they're going to have to start looking at more ways soon. If I'm not wrong, they're going to have to get rid of more people somehow if we don't give them the message it's safe down here,' he told them, puzzled.
bit of - what's that?'
Valkyrie smiled at Steve and he smiled back, turning to face her. Bucky stopped flipping the knife.
He backed away on his hands and knees. The forest around him was swirling in shades of yellow, pink and blue. He could see images of people flashing by him, too fast for him to make out. He could see bright colored animals, too, prancing around the spinning world.
Steve sighed and tried to clear his mind of the Tony-thoughts that threatened to overtake him.
Just as Clint stepped into the clearing, it hit Steve.
The ever-grim face of Nick Fury appeared on the screen, his black eyepatch in place.
'Thor, this is, uh, Darcy, she's my best friend,' she said, her face turning pink, and Darcy grinned. 'Hey, handsome,' she said easily, 'which planet did you come from?' 'Asgard, I'm from Asgard,' Thor told her, and she grinned wider. 'Wish someone would've told me that when I was still up there, you bet I would've hauled my ass there before you could say "home of the hotties".'
Bruce worked hard not to show his surprise or make any noise which would give him away. Of course it was Loki.
'And I have a knife. Let's just see what's in the drop ship. It's not too far away, and it's not in Grounder territory. If it's something hostile we run. If it's something that will help us we'll investigate more.'
'Even if he or she did, the radio will be full of water. It'll take half a day just to dry it out and another day or so to fix it,' Bruce commented.
'I understand why some people would think that,' Wanda remarked, and Bruce nodded. 'Some of these kids have been through a lot because of the government. They'd definitely not want to help the very ones who made their life hell. But if they remove their wristbands - they're condemning the rest of the human race to a life in space - they're never gonna see any of this,' he said in a low voice.
'Well, then?' Rumlow demanded. 'Aren't you going to kill him? Killers get what they deserve, right?'
He nervously stood behind Steve as the other boy quickly explained to Sam that they needed to speak to the Chancellor. Natasha had gone to tell Clint about the new developments and Bucky and Thor were out collecting nuts and berries. T'Challa was also away and so was Wanda, which left himself, Steve and Tony.
'Hey,' Steve said back, once he understood Tony was talking to him.
Rhodey pushed past Steve and pulled him into a hug. 'You idiot, don't do that to me again!' Rhodey said angrily, and Tony relaxed in his best friend's arms, melting in the hug so quickly he was embarrassed.
He wasn't looking where he was going, still musing over Loki, when he bumped into someone. A short, definitely female someone.
She usually wouldn't give a shit if someone's little brother was important to them - she was an assassin, after all - but something stirred in her when she saw Thor's downcast face.
'Aw, platypus, you
He was ready and waiting.
'Yeah. If they get rid of their wristbands, then they're confirming the fact that thousands of people won't get to experience the life they missed out on. They're condemning innocent children to years aboard that giant steel trap,' Tony interjected, having caught on to the last bit of their conversation.
'Tones, are you okay?' was the first question he had received, and he had stood up, pushing them all away.
'Tony, are you okay?'
'How the fuck does someone disappear like that?' Steve muttered, his face both anxious and tense.
stay safe please, and lots of love,
'You are a hard man to fool, Barton. What gave it away? Was it the sun? Or the sky? Or the prominent lack of buildings, which means the outpost must be underground?' Loki said icily, sarcasm dripping from his words, and Clint flushed.
Red smiled, or did his best impression at smiling. 'You have spunk, girl. Doesn't matter. What you have done is far beyond fixing. You started a war you don't know how to finish when you burned a village to the ground with your silly flares. You invaded tour land and sent an armed raiding party to capture one of our people. All these actions are acts of war.'
(See the end of the chapter for
'We're going to contact the Helicarrier now,' Steve was saying. 'I think Sam finished speaking to the parents of all those who died. We need to set up a system so everyone can talk to their own parents. Unity Day celebrations are coming up soon, cheer up, everyone!'
On that morbid note, they both walked over to the drop ship, where the supplies from the bunker had been kept.
'Oh.'
He looked around at the delinquents. Those who had parents were either sobbing, staring into nothingness with empty eyes or taking out their rage on anything they could see.
'I can't -'
'This isn't bad, at all,' he said, surprised, and she nodded. 'I know, right? It's actually really nice. You're not dying, are you?' 'Let's hope not. I'm Clint, by the way.' 'I'm Darcy,' she said, smiling, poking her own fork into the tin.
That startled a laugh out of Tony. 'You? Lucky? Nah, I don't think so. I'm the lucky one here, I've got an excellent view of some
'Well, then, let's find out! There's only ninety four of us now -'
'No, no, don't you dare -' the blond began, but even the two moments of contact with him had Tony with blood dripping from his nose.
She ducked out of the tent and James followed her. As they walked towards the gate James unconsciously reached for her hand and she allowed him to tangle his fingers with hers. It was oddly intimate and she wasn't used to it, but it felt nice and rather comforting. She reveled in the new sensation and craned her neck for any sight of the news James was talking about.
Jane arched an eyebrow at him. She knew all about Loki and his tendency to cheat, lie and cause chaos. Thor shrugged, stood up and went over to his younger brother. Loki's eyes narrowed and he stepped back so he wouldn't have to keep his head at a ninety-degree tilt to face Thor properly. His hands were clasped behind his back and he looked like he was struggling with whatever he was holding.
Khalmmer stepped suddenly away from his back and headed towards the bar. Steve shifted until his back was no longer vulnerable and followed the man’s every movement with his eyes. He watched as Khalmmer poured a healthy amount of schnapps into a glass and then dropped five chips of ice from the tin jar next to the decanter into the glass with a clink. The sound echoed loudly in the silent room.
Péter wanted to scream that he’d never have done that, would never have betrayed his family like that. But they were going to leave and never come back. He’d known that, and he’d only been trying to say goodbye to his oldest friend. It was Harry who had betrayed Péter by showing the letter to Hammer, but he couldn’t say that.
Between the rallies and the marches scheduled along their route, invitations poured in for dinners, lunches and teas from every prominent party member in the area. Charlotte fielded through the requests like a seasoned secretary, denying most with a politician’s smoothness, and arranging their schedule around those who could not be refused. And it wasn’t just Steve’s presence that was sought after.
Tony raised a brow, not sure if Ian was capable of playing at innocence or if his usual forthrightness could be relied upon. Judging by the rolled up trousers ungracefully hidden under his night stand (one wet leg poking out, rolled and wet where the knees might be, as if someone had tried to rub out dirt stains and then hide them) Tony was willing to hedge a guess on it being the former.
The captain’s hands moved lower and Tony’s belly clenched, cock tightening in pleasure at the maddening touch, so close to where he wanted it most. But Stefen seemed completely and utterly fascinated with anything besides what Tony wished he would pay attention to. Particularly by the turn where ass met hip and the soft skin there.
Every Rom knew that gold was nothing, land, horses, and even food in your bowl was nothing without family. A Rom knows it is better to die with other Rom in a ditch somewhere, than to live with plenty and be alone with gadje.
"Not before you've finished your breakfast child. Never thought I would have to encourage you to finish a plate of my rolls." Willamina tutted, and Artur glanced down at his plate then promptly shoved a half eaten roll in his mouth and began to chew vigorously, the plum filling oozing out the corners of his mouth.  Charlotte hid an amused smile behind her napkin. The maid Vereni, who was sitting closest to the boy on his left side, began to laugh. "Careful now! You'll choke," she said, her eyes dancing as she pushed his glass of water closer to him.
“Tony?” Stefen questioned gently, a note of worry in his tone and Tony opened his eyes once more, pleading.
As Natacha finished speaking and Ingrid’s smile turned brittle, a familiar car pulled up to the curb, honking loudly for attention and when Natacha saw who was at the wheel a smile of genuine delight cracked her carefully blank veneer.
“They’d have had SS on us before we could blink if we let them get a call out. You alright Stark?”
Tony was giving Steve this meaningful look as Péter took a hesitant step forward, cheeks flushing a curious pink, and Steve understood. He remembered being fourteen and awkward with his emotions. And some snickering little voice in his head (that sounded an awful lot like Bucky) reminded him that he’d never really grown past it.
“French,” Natacha insisted stubbornly but she glanced from Pepper to Tony, her eyes narrowed, unsure if he were teasing her. Tony eased up.
, ‘Maybe you’d enjoy the drive’, that was flirting. Because Tony obviously had no clue what was good for himself anymore.
Natacha stared at her hands until they had stopped shaking and then quietly left the washroom.
Eleven o’clock and all was well.
Time stretched before him like an open grave. That was all there was now. Just practical actions to save what was left of his family. No point in dwelling on the lost.
~*~*~*~
Tony hummed sympathetically, the way one does, and Pavlok replaced his spectacles and took his seat. Sniffing his perky nose he opened a leather bound binder sitting prominently amidst the clutter of books and other nick-knacks and got straight to business with a professionalism that Tony had grown to admire in the short amount of time they’d been acquainted.
Bambina, mi occuperò sempre di te: (Italian) I will always take care of you baby girl.
"First time on the train?" he asked, not without sympathy and she grimaced.
The aging monk looked away, and Tony expected him to sigh and turn the conversation away as he had every other time in the past. He did sigh, but Tony blinked in surprise as Bruce looked up again and pinned Tony with a serious, steady stare.
Steve smiled into his arms and beat out the next notes, his heart swelling painfully in his chest.
"That's what they told me." Tony replied simply, his gut tightening with anxiety. He'd wondered why they'd waited so long to speak with him. Why he hadn't been carted away in restraints right there alongside Stefen. He doubted that Hammer hadn't run telling tales about him that could curdle milk. The man had called him a fairy right in front of two policemen for god's sake, and yet the Abwehr had kept him for last. Hadn't even questioned why the tutor wasn't more concerned about the status of his employment now that the master of the house was gone.
"But we've got the papers. You've taken our money. Let us leave!" One man near the front of the line protested, jaw set in the kind of defiance born of true desperation, and Tony winced as the whistle blew again and the officer began urging the crowd to move by swatting at anyone with a yellow star on their jacket with his baton, all the while shouting, "Move! Germans only. Move!"
They made love that night, much slower than the first time. They’d stripped each other in the dark of the hotel suite and lain in the bed, pressed skin to skin. Steve had touched every inch of him, feeling strangely that he would never truly know Tony until he’d kissed every inch of his body and memorized every line and scar. And he had to memorize them. There was no telling when they’d be together again after this trip.
“What a frightening thing to say to someone.” Tony managed to get out, swallowing to wet his dry mouth. He was right to be worried. Right to question why he was sticking around when all good sense told him to pack his bags and leave Austria on the morning train.
Tony sighed and wagged a finger at him. “Not fair, Ian. Don’t blame the staff for Artur’s temper. You could cost someone their job.”
“There will just be more questions if you come with.” Natacha snapped impatiently over her shoulder. Her boots crunched in the snow as she marched toward the gate. It had gotten considerably lighter out, enough to see clearly that there was someone standing on the other side of the gate. A girl of Natacha’s age, in a plum colored coat, with a matching bow tying back the dark ringlets of her hair.
“H-herr Bakhuizen,” Hammer stammered, his heart still jackhammering in his chest. He’d expected it, counted on it even, but he was getting damned tired of Roger’s guard dog skulking about. He was even worse than the Major. Polish. Hah! A slavic brute. He’d bet the fortune that waited for him in the State Bank once Rogers was arrested and his assets seized.
“Alright, now that it’s just you and I,” Tony began with a sympathetic wince. “Why don’t you… at ease?”
She looked hungrily at him for confirmation when she said it, and Ian wanted to yell at her. How stupid could she be, insulting his father in one breath and complimenting him in the next? As if he should be happy to call his da an old fool and brag about how much better he was going to be.
Tony spent the drive sharing stories from his childhood and Steve was content to enjoy listening, throwing in the occasional anecdote about some escapade he’d had with Bucky just because of the way Tony’s face lit up anytime he started anything with ‘when I was a boy’. It was oddly thrilling to see the evidence of how much Tony truly cared. He wasn’t just out to share a bed together and nothing else.
Stark was dangerous to Steve.
“What about the other thing we discussed?” Tony asked, leaning forward in his chair and lowering his voice. Though he doubted the precocious Fraulein Darcy had finished with her flirtations, he would not put it past the brazen young woman to be listening at keyholes. “Can I transfer the money overseas?”
His arms, his legs, everything ached with desperation making it hard to stay focused, stay on the task at hand. Steve kept going. He knew if he stopped for one second he would lose it. He was sure of it and he couldn’t do that.
“Why didn’t you eat this morning?” she returned with a bossy arch of one brow, and it was the miracle of them (his children) that even with his head cracked and his heart bleeding openly in his chest, she made him smile.
In the bed the captain stilled, his head bent between his arms as he held himself up on his stomach, his arms as rigid as poles, the muscles cording.
“What do we need to get?”
“Sit down. I’ll have a look at you.”
“It’s the medicine, right?” Péter demanded to know – shattering the vision of Bruce’s cluttered office in Tony’s mind, of Banner’s brow furrowed in a thoughtful frown as he read Dr. Pym’ notes about the possibility of using a chelating agent to neutralize the effectiveness of toxic metals.
It was Charlotte who brought the news, and that just seemed like adding salt to injury.
“When you’re a millionaire you can afford to be eccentric that’s true, but not with the wrong sort. You can’t love a negro.” Tony mused darkly, old bitter memories rising to the surface.
They were led inside to wait in the hall, and Steve tried not to think about the water they were dripping on the polished floors. The rabbi when he came, greeted Luzzato by name and the two men hugged like brothers. He had warm smiles for their companions. His eyes filled with concern when he spotted the injured man hanging off Steve’s shoulder and he called something in Hebrew down the hall, where two others appeared a moment later to come help relieve Steve of the burden and disappear with him inside. The rabbi motioned for Ester and the others to follow the pair, but frowned at Steve and his family as Tony and the others drew up close to his side. As Luzzato took the rabbi aside, presumably to explain their presence, Steve put his arm around Ian’s shoulder and waited.
He turned back to the targets.
“Transmission received.” An unfamiliar man spoke, his voice low and deep with urgency, but blessedly and undeniably British. “Stand fast.”
The chatter from the other men died down, the smiles sliding off of their faces in chagrin, reminded of what their captain faced if they failed in their task. Any plan they’d had to sneak into Dachau and extract Rogers, they’d had to give up on given how heavily the security had increased at the camp. The Reich wasn’t taking any chances with their most high-profile prisoner, and with so few numbers, their only real chance was to try and grab him during transit. But their enemy would be anticipating just such a move. The Gestapo was bound to stop and question anyone on the roads that day. The resistance needed cover, and that was where Vis came in handy.
Even as he thought it, he pushed it away. There was no point. Bucky hadn't been here and neither had he. He should have been. That was the truth. Tony should never have left.
Salzburg Herald, November 1st
There was no way to know if either Tony or Bucky had escaped the crash and made it to the boat. It might have just been found by someone else. Bucky wouldn't have a way of getting into contact until he reached Budapest, and even then, he wouldn't risk a call. He'd probably make it back to Salzburg on foot long before word managed to circulate down the network. As for Tony, there was no way of knowing if he would have headed toward Engzell as planned in that sort of situation. Maybe he’d have gone toward Salzburg. Maybe he’d have avoided the house out of fear of bringing trouble. In that case there was only one place he would go.
He was working on the boat, the only useful thing he could do, and he didn’t know how many hours he’d been at it – only that his ears were ringing from the sound of the hammer he was using to line the belly with the sheets he’d crafted.
“Yes.” Stefen answered, mask sliding back into place as he straightened his back. “I’ll deal with the children this morning Tony. I want you to go to bed, and I don’t want to see you until it’s time to pick up Péter. Julia?”
Ian had slipped away to his room. He stayed away for dinner too. Everyone must have been feeling whatever it was that was sitting in his stomach too, because father didn't even make him come down to eat with everyone at dinner time and Tony and Uncle Bucky let him be.
“Major. We should speak.”
“The first step is to get the twins to safety. They will be coming on a river boat at an unspecified date and time. I will send word through the magazine but for security’s sake there won’t be much warning.” Steve instructed reaching into the breast pocket of his jacket and withdrawing a pair of envelopes.
“Alright Tony.”
When Stefen’s eyes met his once more they were guarded but held a familiar gleam of challenge and Tony chuckled.
“How delightfully blood thirsty. Would this be the bed of the infamous Frauline Glass?”
She noticed he was awake after a moment and paused to smile down at him, though it was a small little thing and full of worry. Knowing he was the cause of that worry only made him feel lower. What had he done? What sort of man was he, to hurt the people he loved like this?
"You mean, you’re going to tell them about grandmother?" Natacha asked, finally lifting her head up to look at him just long enough for him to nod again.
He laid his hand over hers and she sniffed back a sob.
“Are you going to do right by that cup Stark? You’re making me feel dirty.”
What sort of work was this? He wanted to ask the doctor, whose badge pronounced him the head of the ward. This was not the work of healers.
Kurt stiffened, his lips twitching in a snarl. Steve could tell he wanted to say more but a glance around the room at all the faces now turned toward them stilled his tongue. He contented himself with turning back to Bucky, his face stony as he quipped, “And you're just as coarse as you were when we met. So I suppose we are both set in our ways.”
Hammer turned to pin her with a disgusted stare.
(German)This is a wreath of fir branches with four candles on it.
. He could go his whole life without acknowledging the insanity that lived under his skin. It was dangerous to look at and risk setting free.
“Professor Kats doesn't think so.”
He’d been seventeen when war had broken out and had watched from the shipyard as boys, many much younger than him, had marched to their deaths with smiles on their faces and brimming with confidence. They’d been children, no way of knowing what was ahead of them, no way of knowing that the ships they were boarding would carry them far away from the shores of their home and would not bring them back.
if you wanted Ian to ever get in the water, giving him the memory of his brother nearly drowning probably wasn’t the way to go.”
Tony murmured, his hands stroking gently at Stefen’s back. Stefen tightened his grip around his daughter’s waist in silent agreement.
“Why didn’t you tell me you knew Vonkov?” he whispered fiercely, trying to keep the tension off his face as the crowd continued to move past them, some watching them openly.
"I have several friends I thought might be of help in locating Péter. James says he bought three tickets for Poland at the station in Vienna. No one knows if he and his companions made it there." Cold creeped like ice through Tony's stomach, anger and bitterness fading to the background in the face of his worry. Worry mirrored on Charlottes face. He'd forgotten, perhaps in his selfishness, that Charlotte wasn't just some stranger their father intended to marry. She was their mother's cousin. True family.
When Tony reentered the hall Frau Hogan was waiting for him her posture and expression so severe that he faltered in his step, actually taken a step back.
“Poor boy,” Maria murmured softly and Stefen nodded.
“Have a drink with us. You must be parched from all that running around.” Bakhuizen gestured to the spread of coffee and bite sized treats upon the table.
He didn’t know Agent Coulson, but he remembered Brother Filip, and what he remembered of the unflappable monk who’d ran the abbey alongside Farkas with a cool competent hand, led him to believe he was almost capable of accomplishing such a thing. He’d certainly never lie about it if he hadn’t.
Tony had gotten stuck with improvising some early entertainment since Bucky was supposed to have been running the show to keep the brunt of the burden off the children’s shoulders. But dinner had come and gone and Bucky had not appeared, leaving Tony to take up the reins as master of ceremonies.
In that moment, Tony pitied him. Pitied them all.
“I’m going down there. All of you are to stay here.” Stefen instructed quietly, gaze locked on Tony. “Lock the doors and let no one inside until I return. When he wakes, tell Bucky I need him here.”
Steve blinked at the telegram held under his nose, taken aback by its sudden appearance.
“Tell me, were you this much trouble at the abbey?” Rogers finally asked.
The tune drifted in and out of memory the same way he did, floating on a hot bed of shame and fear. Always the same tune.
Wonderful wasn’t quite the words Tony would use. Terrifying, noxious, and devastating all came to mind but troubling won out. It didn’t make sense Péter would want to spend more time in the HJ when he was treated so terribly, and they reinforced all of his insecurities about not being able to measure up to his father’s expectations. Sometimes it went that way, Tony knew from personal experience that rejection could spawn a boy to try all the harder but he would have bet before this on Péter going the direction of reckless rebellion.
Stefen paused for a moment, thinking before he slowly shook his head, staring at Tony with something close to wonderment.
It was a small part, but it was insistent and it screamed at him the warning that his failure to protect them would be the end of him. Bucky commented on his morose moods and even Charlotte had commented that he had seemed less than enthusiastic about their dinner the following night.
Tony didn’t turn to watch his words land. He was too furious. If he looked at Hammer, he couldn’t swear he wouldn’t try to kill him.
“The boys couldn't even keep up!”
“Do you have medical power?” Ian dared to asked, and when they both turned to look at him questioningly, he hastily following up with, “I heard my mother mention it. She was telling da, if only we had some, my brother might get better.”
“It does. If they are to see their plans for lebensraum through you’re in their way, Thor.” Steve responded with equal gravity and the prince’s shoulders tightened, a dangerous expression, akin to clouds gathering before a storm, crossed his face.
Fair or not. There were so many things he’d do, if only he had met Stefen before all this. Before there was no time for anything but the fight to survive.
Artur turned, his little face suddenly very serious.
“Bakhuizen is not doing his job!” Zimmerman complained loudly as he and Bucky strode through the door. Zimmerman frowned down at the tin cup of bread juice he was holding. They’d made a batch that morning from the stale bread and what was left of the goulash. Mixed with water it made a sort of slushy soup.  Not the worst fare by any means but nothing to write songs about either.
“Tony!” he gasped Tony’s name in warning, but Tony just opened his throat, taking him in as deep as he could and Stefen came with an almost violent sounding curse. He fell back against the door, shaking knees nearly giving out as Tony released his cock – the wet sound echoing within the small workshop.
He watched Sam's retreating back.  After tomorrow he wasn't sure he'd ever see the man again. He hoped...well he hoped a lot of things and there was only so much of it to go around.
“I’m not sure.” She sniffed. “But it was a good thing Bobby and Johann were there to... keep things in order. Who knows what could have happened. The children could have been hurt.”
“I hate all this.” Péter mumbled, seemingly unaware of Tony’s distraction. “I’m just as brave as Harry and the others. I could do anything they can do. I could.”
Bucky must have failed.
“He’s a fool. Czechoslovakia won’t be enough.” Tony announced instead, and Stefen nodded slowly in agreement.
“I will! Damn you. We are all going to talk about Margrit Rogers, Stefen, and you’ll bear it! She can’t simply be boxed away for your convenience, for you to pull out whenever you’d like to bludgeon yourself with grief or excuse what an ass you’re being.”
It was not uncommon for wealthier families to send their children out of war zones. Completely legal and above the board. Children had tutors and governesses with them all the time, no reason to suspect foul play. A tutor, coming from the captain’s own household? They’d practically write his ticket for him. If he could play his cards right, keep his head down as Nik was always insisting, well then he could sneak out of the country long before the S.S. even knew there was something to look for.
He was off to Krakow, he’d announced, to visit his sister Rochel and her girl’s. Though the pinched look around his mouth maybe said that he either wasn’t looking forward to it or he wasn't telling the truth again. Maybe.
“Vati sent us presents!” Artur hollered excitedly in explanation. Tony saw that he was sat atop a gleaming three wheeled bike with a bright bow attached. “And look Tony! Now I don’t have to ride with James!”
“I presume you mean
Steve swallowed and took a short breath. He nodded at the empty space next to him, indicating that Péter should sit down. Péter dropped his bag next to him and sat, eyeing Steve warily.
“I’d make a shit soldier,” Bucky responded to his unspoken question with a short laugh. “I make a decent enough bounty hunter, but it’s nice to know when your next meal is coming. Farm work will do.”  Bucky let the hook drop, and he didn’t have to wait long for the man to take it. His eyes widening in surprise and his tongue wetting his bottom lip eagerly the man leaned toward him, glancing around feverously before he whispered.
No more running.
“Yeah, well I’m proud of you. Your father is too. He’s not good at showing it but he is.”
Tony had lost track of how many hours he’d spent obsessing over the engine and the boats design, losing himself in the project unlike he’d ever lost himself in anything before. He jolted like a spooked cat when he felt a tap on his shoulder – yanked out of the fog of creativity as he whirled around in shock to find Stefen standing behind him, previously locked door cracked open behind him.
~*~*~*~
Though Bucky grunted in discomfort Steve wasn’t worried. They were both pulling their punches. It had been years had since he’d wrestled with Bucky but it was just as familiar, and yes, just as fun, as he remembered it from when they were young men.
Steve sank into the black.
“The jib looks alright from here. It looks like the mainsail got the worst of it” Ester pointed, raising her voice to be heard over the sound of rain pounding on the deck. Tony shielded his eyes from it, ignoring the chill as it sank through his clothing, peering up the mast. Unfortunately, she was right. They could sail with just the jib but it was challenging, since they had a tendency to turn away from the wind and stall. But true to her word, Ester proved to be a knowledgeable hand at the sail and he was able to leave her to it in order to return below.
only seven, it was likely both. “Won’t they come out at night?”
A few people in the station were shooting him curious looks, no doubt wondering where they had seen him before. Luckily most everyone seemed inclined to keep their own heads down, ignoring each other mostly, shuffling in line, bags lined along their sides at their feet, children crying or chattering to their parents, bodies packed together in the tiny space. So many yellow stars among them. In this room, it was easy to get the impression all of Vienna was leaving.
Something funny in his chest pulled and Tony’s smile faded. He thought suddenly of the notebook tucked away in his bedroom drawer with all of his grand dreams and unrealized ideas, and then thought of being young again, rushing toward his father in the shipyard with his hands clutched tightly around his model engine. He blinked the memory away.
"Our mother taught us how to read the signs." Pietro said in a very subdued tone, drawing Péter's attention. "She said we'd need it one day. When we were alone. She said it would guide us to safety and that when we came to another caravan we must say,
“There’s one thing you can help me figure out.”
“Yes, Stark-”
?” Natacha hissed incredulously. “Are you mad? He’ll murder me, and then he’s going to track you down, and burry your corpse wherever he happens to find you. Here lies Péter Rogers, the thickest boy who ever lived!”
What a terrible monk he must have made Steve thought absently.
“During advent we’d go with our uncles to play music under the gadje’s windows. They’d toss us coins and we’d save em up so we could buy food for the feast. The whole tribe would come from all over to one spot and the women would cook all day. Some of the best food you’ve ever tasted.” Stefen smiled wistfully in memory. “Christmas Eve we’d all eat together, remember our dead. We’d tell stories about them and leave food out for their spirits. Then we’d go around from caravan to caravan, seeking the blessing… That’s, forgiveness for all the stupid ways we’d hurt or cheated each other that year.”
The truck rolled along the uneven road and Steve bumped along with it, his breaths sharp and short in his chest with every jostle.
“Ah here he is!” Dvorak announced, voice too loud and rough with too much drink. “Longer than I expected. You’re getting old Bahkuizen.” Well that answered whether Dvorak had known he was coming, Bucky thought pulling his gun as the other man attempted to get up and crossing the room in quick strides. Dvorak lifted his hands in a gesture of surrender and froze with a jerk as Bucky pressed the nozzle of the gun against the side of his head, grabbing the man’s arm in a punishing grip and yanking him up.
, the one who would just walk along behind him cleaning things up and taking care where he refused to take it and saying, yes Captain, he had another think coming!
“Restrict their lessons primarily to the mornings and leave the afternoons light. Does that satisfy you Stark?”
He winked at her.
“Sorry, sorry,” he apologized. “You’ve got to keep your head up, bambina.”
Tony’s eyes flew open. That was his plan? He was just going to give himself up. Sacrifice himself like an idiot and hope that Bakhuizen could pull off a miracle rescue?
Even crouched with his arms over his head, Tony felt fragments digging into his skin and heard a low hiss of pain come from the from the others. But there was nothing he could do about it as they continued to bump and lurch over the terrain until finally the truck began to slow and came to a jolting halt almost twenty yards from the road.
Dvorak smirked, watching the distance between himself and the first car get smaller and smaller, turning at just the right moment.
Bucky frowned at him, “We just rota-“
Without waiting for a reply he peddled off again.
“I need you to report the captain’s movements to me. Any intelligence drops into your lap I want to know.”
Stefen’s brow wrinkled in a slight frown.
“What if I told you one of our operatives had managed to steal the Führer’s strategy book.” He asked slowly, waiting silently as the words sank in. It was so quiet within the room you could have heard a pin drop.
Tony severely doubted that, unless somebody had dropped the poor child on his head as an infant, which he wasn’t about to rule out.
Laughing and chattering amongst themselves the children began the trek back inside, waving cheerfully at their father as they passed the steps of the terrace. Tony stayed put, staring out over the water and collecting himself because he was far more shaken by the things that Natacha had said (and not said) then he’d have liked to admit.
He lifted Sara by her armpits and put her in, she let out a gasp of fright as she bounced on the seat from the force of Steve’s toss, and scrambled out of the way as Maria followed at the same speed for. Next came Artur, then Tacha and James.
The sound of Bucky’s voice drew Natacha’s attention (the girl had the ears of a wolf Steve would swear) and at the sight of them she gasped. One by one the children turned to look where she was looking and within moments the room erupted into chaos.
“You can grow out of a sickness.”
He was on his father’s shoulders, the ocean crystal blue spraying up around them as they ran through the waves on the pebbly shore.
, all it would take was one person to look up – Tony left the engine running and ran to them, nearly slipping in his haste to reach them.
"Be careful Charlotte,” was all he said. And damn him, he even sounded as if he meant it.
To hear the glassy eyed fool chatting up the secretary tell it, the entire block was having issues with the new system. He insisted that the old offices just weren’t built with indoor plumbing in mind, but Tony rather thought that it was a poor engineer who blamed the brick and mortar for his own inability to think around them.
Major Rogers glanced at him before falling back a little yelling for the tail end to be held up.
Actually, Tony wasn’t sure at all that he would call the unholy shrieking that met him as he approached the boys room anything so sweet to the ear as liberty, but he’d still made his point. He’d take ill behavior from the children any day before he settled for dutiful obedience born of fear and neglect. Though if James Rogers didn’t find a better way to express himself besides playing the part of berserk banshee Tony couldn’t promise Stefen would still have seven children when he came home.
Natacha went still and stared ahead for a long tense moment. Steve waited through it, willing her silently to take the offering. Finally, she began to move. Reaching for a nearby tray of sausages with a small smile hovering around the corners of her mouth.
Ah, so that was it, Tony realized with bitter dread. Floating weapons. Didn’t it always come back to that?
They'd kept a low profile amid the crowd of fifty or so, and the authorities at both stations had barely even glanced at their documents before waving them on. Tony’s uncle was one of their escorts but that didn’t mean Steve had relaxed his guard any since they’d left Pola that morning.
“Everything is fine.”
Despite getting to bed so late it had been incredibly hard for Tony to get to sleep that night. Damn Farkas; the one eyed bastard knew exactly how to get at a man’s underbelly. Tony had gone to his workshop after all, because there was no way he was going straight to bed like a good boy; not after Nik had cut him open like that. The workshop was really an old stable, gutted and refashioned to suit Tony’s needs and still reeking of horses and hay under the newer layers of iron and oil. It was only a little galling that the workshop itself had been a gift from Nik, after all there wasn’t much need for engineering quarters at the abbey, but it had been a hard adjustment for Tony to come from the bustling shipyards of the world’s biggest port cities to the deafeningly silent and still confines of the abbey. He supposed for Nik, finding him something to occupy his mind had been the lesser of two evils.
The little boy was already at his side, practically wiggling with excitement. It was the most he'd ever looked like Artur.
To stand above the others was the honor that all the boys in the program were grappling for. The local boys in Péter's unit would all be starting secondary school in the fall but no one wanted to settle for going to the local college when they could be one of the special ones selected to go to Vienna and study at one of Hitler's elite schools.
~*~*~*~
“I’m going to remove the iron. You've hurt yourself.” He had. Somewhere in the distance his shoulders were throbbing and so were the joints at his wrists. There was a thin trail of dried blood trickling out from beneath the manacles and down his dirtied hands. It had stained his fingers along with the mud.
"Who?" Stefen repeated the question softly.
“I wasn’t too fast with you last evening, was I?” Tony inquired, wincing as he offered the only weak excuse available to him.
She had a faded bit of cardstock in her hands, Tony noticed, which trembled as she approached Stefen and offered it to him. Stefen took the piece of paper from her, nodding dismissively as his eyes began roving over the message she had scrawled there.
Well, it hardly mattered how he’d become suspicious or why. Tony wasn’t ashamed of
almost made him look like a stranger but the lazy smirk and the indolent wave he tossed Péter’s way when he turned and noticed him was all Harry. Péter’s face broke into a grin as he ran to meet his friend. Harry’s grin was equally big as they hugged, wrestling for a moment as they tried to mess up the others hair.
Good riddance to the greedy old bastard, Ludy thought.
Two days was not long enough to get to hold Stefen or have a chance to impart the depths of his feelings. There weren’t words for it, though love came terrifyingly close. But Tony couldn’t stand before Captain Rogers, or Major Rogers rather, of His Excellencies Army, and confess to be in love with him, though it was painfully obvious that he must be.
Oh sure, let's all swim around in our underthings. And he called himself a genius!
That still didn't make much sense to Natacha, but she trusted the good sense of it now that she was older. Péter with his big brain could probably tell her exactly what went into the liquid that had filled that little brown bottle, and why it had failed to save the people they loved; but she was sure that with or without him it would still upset a healthy man's stomach.
“Steve, if what you’ve got is so damn important did it ever occur to you that the brass isn’t going to wait to see you pass it off to somebody? They’d jump Weiss first chance they got just for the excuse to search his body.”
His hand slid over the glass and he took it from the captain, looking at it detachedly as the man moved away.
“I’m afraid that’s just the way it’s got to be for now
Stefen was just as confused by this as he ought to be but Tony did not drop his gaze, staring intently as he continued.
“Come on. Come on damn you.” Tony cursed under his breath, his hands beginning to shake.
With as much of a smile as he could muster, Tony made the only promise he could.
“Ester,” she replied with a pursed lipped expression that made Tony wonder if that was the truth or not.
Not only was there a high demand for translators to assist non-Italian speaking students, it was deemed prudent to teach rudimentary French and English to all, to give them a better start in their new lives. Cousin Benjamino had ratted out Tony’s proficiency with languages and previous occupation as a tutor to the Rabbi and that had been that.
Tony hadn’t misheard Stefen’s request the other day. He’d had no intention of going along with the harebrained idea, thank you very much. Stefen and Bucky were out of their god given minds if they thought James had any business handling a gun, and Ian wouldn't hurt a fly. Take seven children gallivanting about the woods with dangerous weaponry, ha!
this, but maybe just maybe he could ensure that Stefen survived.
“Captain?”
He fingered the hem of his shirt, pulling absently at the dirty threads. He wasn’t sure what they’d done with his night clothes.
“You dare much Mr. Bakhuizen.” Prince Loki sneered, something cold entering his eyes. “But I’ll remind you to whom you speak.”
That was the last straw. Péter downed the rest of his drink, like he'd seen his uncle Bucky do countless times with his beer and stood up. Natacha watched him fretfully.
“Why would I think that? I’m the one who brought it up.”
He sighed heavily at James deadpan expression. It wasn't so much irritating that he'd been caught not listening but rather the reason why.
“Stop. You’ll hurt him.” The woman pleaded, her eyes flicking downwards.
The three of them armed and tense as they listened to the news reports and the rest of the house moved quietly around them like somebody had died. Tony made them tuck their weapons out of sight as not to frighten Péter’s younger siblings, but none of them were particularly dull. They knew something was wrong even if they could not grasp the full extent of it.
"Are you sure you're up for it? I know how excited the children are, but -"
“When you wrote you were coming home I did not expect you to wrap up things in Vienna so quickly. I’m afraid it will take Willimina some time to get a proper meal on the table.” The contrast between it and the open friendliness she’d displayed only moments before was startling, but not alarming considering that Steve could hear even now what he recognized as Hammer’s hurried footfall.
Meanwhile his seven-year-old was leaning forward, blue eyes shimmering with fearful hope as he pleaded, "Can we really come to Vienna with you Father?
Dvorak extended his hand, palm up, voice snapping with command and Fischer slowly grinded his teeth, a deeply unhappy expression settling on his face. Dvorak knew good and well that Rogers file was back at base camp, and Becker would have reported it to him if someone had asked for it in Dvorak’s absence. Thank god for whatever had prompted the woman to spout such a lie. It was a simple solution to the nuisance of suspicion.
He could hear the stairwell creak with age it was so quiet. Stefen hadn’t moved a muscle in what felt like hours, but realistically Tony knew was probably only closer to one.
Ned snatched up his trunk and moved like he was going to dash off to join the line boarding the train, but caught himself mid motion and turned back to Péter with an elated grin.
It would be fine. Everything was going to be okay. Da would come home and Peter would too.
A/N. Thoughts? Predictions? Death threats, lol?  We love you guys and will see you soon on Part II. If you have a moment we ask that you R & R.  Not gonna lie, we'd finish anyway (too emotionally invested) but it's awesome to hear your thoughts and responses to the characters and their decisions, and waters our spirits on those tougher writer days.
No one was smiling now. It was so quiet in the room it didn’t even feel like anyone was breathing. Funnily enough, it was Stefen who finally broke the silence, blue eyes searching Tony’s as he asked, “How can you be sure of that?”
“This nephew I presume has ties to their intelligence office?”
“I’ll have a devil of a time getting her to accept it but thank you Stefen. You’re a good man.”
He didn’t even know if Bakhuizen had made it off the damn mountain in the first place, and now Stefen had days to live and there was nothing, not a damn thing Tony could do to help him. Damn. Damn it! Damn them, damn them, damn them!
“He’s been showing it off for hours,” Natacha kneeling in the dirt with Maria’s head on her lap murmured in agreement and bolstered James nodded.
“This could change the course of history Tony.” The agent pointed out unnecessarily. “After what you did at Dachau I thought – ”
Consequently, there was hardly anything to keep Steve’s mind form straying into territory that he’d rather it didn’t go. Keeping his demons on a tight leash through work, was something he was an expert in. He’d had to be, or he wouldn’t have survived this long. In a war, if you couldn’t focus on the mission at hand and only that you put your men in danger. You had to lock all your concerns for you family and your life into a small box and shut the lid.
People would talk. There were a number of sins that could be hidden on darkened streets, when celebration was in the air and attentions diverted. Two men, walking together in the dark, brushing shoulders, even linking arms at times to whisper, was nothing. Cheering even, to witness such brotherly intimacy in a grim time when the world’s worries laid so heavily upon everyone’s shoulders. But once they were back in the house, amongst his family and their guests, it would not be wise to keep leaning so close, or touching so often.
"You know, I never really saw myself as the mother of seven children. I'll have my work cut out for me." She teased, obviously attempting to lighten the mood and Steve was glad for the change of subject.
“Yes, it is the sixth of December... It is the first night of Chanuka!” His cousin exclaimed and Tony tensed. “You didn’t tell him?”
“The question,” Bucky grappled tiredly for the cup he’d been drinking from before he’d fallen asleep, nearly knocking it over in the processes. “The question is what the hell are we going to do when we’ve got the bastard surrounded. I don’t know about you, but I don’t care what the Commander has agreed to. Nobody’s gonna be there but us. If we say the Führer went down in some friendly fire, then that’s what happened.”
"I have no idea how your sister knows that but yes, and if your uncle is to believed then yes again."
Hello. I apologize for the long wait on this. Life. 2020 ended with a bang for me and then 2021 kept up the party. I wasn't as far along as I intended to be before posting, but with Christopher Plummer's passing, I am feeling a certain way. I have decided to split up what I have and post this smaller segment. I hope you enjoy it.
Bucky pulled the trigger and the left window of the car lit up red with the spray of blood, the lonely road going silent under the echo still reverberating in his ears from the shot.
“Load up.”
Vienna was a feast for the senses. The children had been talkative through most of the five hour drive, lagging tiredly in the middle and picking up again after Tony had given in to grouchy demands to stop for lunch.
Of course it matters. Are you mad?! You want to thumb your nose at the Nazis, you know I’m behind you. But this is too far! You can’t give Charlotte that!”
Joshua nodded, frowning thoughtfully as he contemplated the space.
Tony took a ragged breath and looked at Stefen who looked back at him with concern. There was gratefulness in the way he was clutching Artur, but some skittishness held him in grip, causing him to swallow and clench and unclench his hands.
All except Péter, Steve immediately noticed. He was old enough to keep his own hours but Steve did not like the thought of him making his way home after dark right now. The snow had finally let up, but it was bitterly cold out now that the sun had gone down.
Tony barked. Natacha had worked herself up: the young woman’s face gone flushed and her whole body stiff as she glared at him with hands on hips but the command stilled her; though the tips of her red braids continued a fine tremble.
“Shut up!” Tony hissed, clenching his teeth and thankfully the voices went still. He didn’t have time for this. He wasn’t about to lose either Ian or James. Not to illness, not to his own stupidity, not to the damn Reich, not to anything!
“We can warn them a package is on its way.” Tony added, glancing meaningfully at Stefen. “We still have the radio.”
"Hello uh...Anya." He greeted with a small wave, but she didn't turn to look at him, even when he lowered himself into the grass beside her.
And so it came that after a long morning of speeches and spectacle, as beer continued to flow and music swelled throughout the Weisn, it was finally time for them to take the stage once more.  Bucky had been working the crowd after the last act, but he sobered up when it came time to introduce them, pride and an unusually solemn gravity in his voice as he announced them.
“Herr Stark knew better. He
"Tony I'm -" Stefen, attempted to say but Tony shushed him, a harsh sound in the dark that he gentled with the press of his full length against Stefen. Tony took his mouth again as their hips ground together, capturing Stefen’s lower lip and teasing it with his teeth. The captain shuddered and let his head fall back against the door with a groan and Tony chuckled.
“It’ll help.” He said. “It’s a trick my sister taught me.”
Farkas didn't respond to the tirade. He leaned back in his chair, and continued to observe Tony thoughtfully withy his one eye.
“They’re fine Sir… but supper will be late now. Ginny will be miffed about that.” Harold shook his head jovially and Steve was distracted from the man’s troubling hesitance by the prospect of facing his housekeeper’s wrath. Virginia could be very diligent about keeping the houses schedule.
Loss of appetite, nausea, deranged digestion - the symptoms ran through his thoughts like numbers, like they could be calculated into a sum, some definitive diagnosis that would reveal the way to treat Stefen -diarrhea, thirst, hectic fever, tenesmus – think! What
Bucky was still as a stone, that unreadable expression still resting on his face. Steve sucked in a breath, his body tight with tension as their gazes held.
“I suppose you think you’re very slick, and that I wouldn’t catch on to what happened back there.” Tony grumbled, shrugging out of his jacket and slinging it onto the couch where the staff had stacked the boxes and bags they’d sent ahead.
Soon he was bed ridden, his cheeks flushed with fever and though the herbal remedy provided some relief Tony knew it wasn’t enough.
But he needed the proof first, and how it burned to know that it was right there. A picture was all it would take.
“Disgusting. I’ve watched you wipe germy noses and sticky faces with that hand Cap.”
“The children love him, Herr Hammer.” It was only Virginia’s furious snap in Hammer’s direction that kept Steve’s anger from boiling over. “They really are quite fond of him Captain. They were simply not used to such strenuous activity. The heat exhausted them.”
“No!” Dvorak shook his head like a rabid dog snarling right back, “We had the chance! We could have killed him! We had the chance and we-”
~*~*~*~
Stefen didn’t offer anything more, waiting silently for Tony to either add more or take his leave, giving nothing of his thoughts on either Herr Boesch or the state of his family. Tony wondered if that was because he feared being overheard or if it was because he was unsure if he could trust Tony with his real thoughts. Probably both. Tony had his own secrets to guard, so he understood.
Bucky drained the coffee half empty and then, licking the residue off his lip, regarded Steve with a heavy eye, drumming his fingers on the table. A staccato beat. Even now he was making music. Steve kept still as Bucky assessed his form.
Farkas arched a dark brow at him speculatively, not rising to the bait.
“Better, he's not wheezing as much but I want him in bed as soon as possible. He needs his rest.”
Péter slowed them only when they'd reached the main road, because if a patrol was nearby it wouldn't do to come running out and draw attention to themselves.
He stood between her desk and her bedroom door with such unapologetically masculine authority, so confident in where he stood, that it caused a fresh wave of anger to rise up within her. Perhaps it was a front, an armor of sorts, to approach the world as if one was always certain of themselves and the right path, but she’d never asked him to wear it. She’d have made a safe place for him. For them both.  She knew what all women knew, that the path of right ran in whatever direction men chose and they left it to others to clear the rubble.
“You traveling far?” the fellow sitting to his left at the bar asked in Boarisch, and Bucky glared him down until he got the idea that Bucky wasn’t in the mood for any personal questions, tearing off another bite of the bread. The man was portly and nearly bald but for thin wisps of greying hair on both sides of his head. He looked away from Bucky so fast you would have thought Bucky was a bear, inclined to gobble him whole. Bucky flicked his eyes down to the fellow’s hands. Huh. No wedding band. A washed-up old bachelor, lonely enough to strike up a conversation with a stranger in a bar might just be what the doctor ordered.
Tony stared into eyes, black as his own in the dark, and it was tempting to bite out that he’d been hiding for twenty years now, and a little mountain air wasn't going to make him forget.
“They will perform Captain.” Schmidt commanded and Charlotte winced. “It would be a crime to rob us of their voices.”
“No. She’s for your father.”
“Shh. Alright. Don’t stress yourself.” Tony halted his frantic string of words, gripping his shoulders and massaging. “I’m sure whatever it is it’s lovely.”
Tony couldn’t distinguish exactly what the others were saying but Tony was sure Arturs shrieked demands to be next could be heard from the house.
As if a few etiquette lessons could make anyone forget that Rogers was just a polish grunt who’d gotten lucky kicking up the skirts of the daughter of the house. Jürgen’s lip curled in dissatisfaction, his eyes burning into the closed door of the Major’s room. It was the dead of night, and Stark had yet to exit the master’s room. Jürgen knew damn well what they were up to, but damn if it all didn’t come down to
Steve looked up from his untouched plate (one violin for Bucky) eyes unfocused. Steve furrowed his brow in confusion prompting Stark to continue.
Stefen worked his jaw, hand’s clenched tightly and she thought for a panicked moment that he was going to deny the general or wildly enough, hit him. But then Charlotte saw Stark lean close out of the corner of her eye and gently touch his elbow as he murmured something lowly into his ear. And perhaps only because she was looking for it, she saw the way some of the tension in his body eased from him and the desperate way he held the monk’s gaze before he slowly nodded.
Bucky caught his eye, but Steve only really relaxed when the policeman’s boots had carried him down the street and away from the door of number three Hügel street. When the street was clear once more, the small side door at the base of the building opened, and a man who matched the description he’d been given for Ben Grimm – square jawed with sun roughened features and medium brown hair – stepped out.
“Da?”
A private who was dog faced and huffing forward with a determined look on his face, passed him and Becker jerked out of his thoughts, lengthening his stride.
In the audience, Natacha watched every graceful step, every leap, every motion, with an enraptured gaze, the smallest of smiles hiding in the corners of her mouth. Beside her Tony watched, but it was not this dance or these dancers that occupied his thoughts. His mind kept going back to that night in December. When Stefen had danced with him the music had been all wrong for a waltz. Tony hadn’t cared, but that was the joy of one’s best memories. The mind was always finding ways to apply golden hue. In his mind, he could change the music as often as he liked.
Stefen’s fingers brushed Tony’s in a gesture that might have been accidental as he took his trunks from him and Tony’s breath hitched. The spell was broken as Stefen moved away with the trunk and cool air rushed between them, but Tony’s heart didn’t seem to know it. It leaped somewhere up into his throat and made itself very difficult to swallow around.
Bucky mentally kicked himself for extending a truce between them (and against his better judgment too). It was only a thin relief that Stark was, for all intents and purposes, on their side. He was still a liar and deviant little bastard whose motives couldn’t be trusted. They were all just lucky Stark had decided to go against the Reich. It left Bucky cold thinking what Stark’s intellect could achieve for the wrong sorts of people. With a brain like that in the Reich, Stark could easily be the down fall of any resistance. And looking at Steve in the dimly lit alley, staring back at Bucky so solemnly, he couldn’t help but think that Stark was going to be their down fall no matter what side he was on.
“I’m sorry I kept you waiting. I ran into some trouble on the way back. Had to make sure I lost them.”
"What can I do for you Stark?" he asked all business and Tony responded in kind.
She wanted her Father, but Natacha and Tony said she couldn't ask for him. That it was dangerous. And if she couldn't have her vati, then she wanted Tony.
“Just because I argue their case, does not mean I don’t share your worries Captain.” Tony rebuked mildly, looping his arm with Steve’s. It forced him to walk slower at pace with the monk, and made it harder for Steve to keep avoiding his gaze, which was likely his reason for doing it.  “Nonno and Nonna are in the twilight of their lives, and Antonia is no spring chicken, either, she can’t keep the house together and keep four stubborn little Rogers out of trouble.”
God Stefen was probably going to lose his mind, blame Tony for not watching the children closer or something equally ridiculous considering
And the truth was, he didn't know if Stefen wouldn't change his tone if it suited him. Stefen had shown himself to be the sort of man who didn't go back on his word but Tony couldn’t afford to be a fool. A man would do most anything for the sake of his children.
“You must not have been very close or you would have mentioned her before now.” Steve pointed out and Tony smiled ruefully.
~*~**~*~
“Yah, kidding? I could do this all day.”
Kroger, who had been sitting with his back against the wall near the kitchen door got up to follow him into the kitchen, still obsessively polishing his weapon.
“I wish I could be more of a help to you.” He murmured helplessly. “But the last thing I want to do is promise something I can’t deliver. I’m not my father… Uncle Obie will tell you. I was always disappointing him. I wouldn’t want to disappoint the Führer that way.”
'It doesn't matter, Romanova. You still won't have that antidote.'
Bruce's gaze wandered to Rumlow's bloody hands. The fingernails of both had been ripped off completely. There were also burn scars across Rumlow's face and arms. He looked away, feeling nauseous.
Steve sounded so defeated. Tony's heart ached for him.
'Well, I mean... thank you, guys, I'll try my best,' Steve finally said, still blushing. Tony's grin grew wider and he kissed Steve on the cheek. 'Good luck, babe.'
no,' Clint shuddered, moving away from Natasha, who rolled her eyes.
'Okay, Rogers, nice play. Glad to see you don't trip over your own feet anymore. Move aside, you're doing that wrong.'
Natasha and Clint were by far the best hunters. They worked together, Clint using his arrows and a bow he'd somehow whittled, Natasha using her knives, and somehow they managed to get the most amount of kills in the entire camp. On special occasions - like today - they'd allow some other people to tag along and watch them kick ass.
(See the end of the chapter for
So far, they hadn't been attacked, which was a relief.
'I've died and gone to heaven,' he mumbled, jamming the lock open and reverently lifting up handfuls of the projectiles.
Clint didn't know whether or not he wanted to get involved in a serious relationship. He liked the way they were now - joking around, kissing, and occasionally having sex, because that was the whole point of friends with benefits. He didn't want to get in a relationship, break up and then awkwardly avoid her.
He laughed mirthlessly. 'And then I ended up in jail.'
Natasha was getting increasingly more desperate. She was an expert at not showing it, though. Only when she glanced behind at them could Tony see the actual pain and fear in her green eyes.
He looked down at himself.
'Yes.'
'Yeah, I'm being serious -
'You're a coward, Rogers,' came Rumlow's grating voice, 'you should've stopped them that day. You should've said something. They would've listened.'
‘Steve, no!’ Bucky said furiously, lunging forward and grabbing his arm, but Steve pushed him off.
Clint turned to watch just as there was a sonic boom and the drop ship exploded into flames.
'I swear I'm going to stab you,' Steve said threateningly, as Bucky snickered.
'Any moment now...' Tony muttered, tense and on edge.
Tony turned his head.
'What are we going to do now?' she asked quietly.
anyways - yasssss stony kissed, fucking finally, i know it's the fourth chapter but i just needed them to kiss so no slow burn this time, sorry not sorry :) and there's more kissing in the next chapter, woo!
'Don't you dare sacrifice yourself for me ever again!' he said angrily into Steve's shoulder.
'Talia, leave it alone -' Bucky began, but Clint interrupted.
'Hey, gorgeous. Nice to see you're as sexy as always.'
'Shut up.'
woah, people saw this already. didn't expect that. well, here's another chapter :)
Natasha was sharpening her knife, ignoring everyone around her, when some unfortunate soul decided to see if she spoke words or spat fire.
They were gently cruising through space.
Once he was through, Rumlow seized a gagged and tied-up Tony and shoved him outside, immediately closing the door once he was through. Steve warily backed away from his arch-nemesis.
don't get used to this, i have highly inconsistent posting schedules, lmao. since it's quarantine i probably will be able to post a chapter almost daily, maybe every two days, since i really have nothing else to do, but i wouldn't trust myself and my constant companion, writer's block.
'It's terrible, isn't it?' Darcy said softly, sticking her fork into her mouth, 'all those people up on the Helicarrier, and we can't even tell them it's safe to come down.' He nodded. 'And they would, except dicks like Rumlow decide to remove the only thing connecting us to them,' he reminded her, and she groaned and rolled her eyes.
Yeah.
'Mount Weather may have supplies that could be useful to us - like armor, gear, more weapons, that sorta thing. They didn't really explore it. I guess they thought they didn't need all that stuff. Anyways, Loki found a tunnel in one of HYDRA's little outposts and it leads directly into the heart of Mount Weather. It took him a day of walking to get there, though, and he's perfectly fine and jogged most of the way.'
James looked up as she walked out. She was wearing her poker face, and she knew it was impeccable. Not one of them would be able to make out what she was thinking just about then.
Loki crossed the room in two strides, his eyes burning, and Tony actually found himself scared of the fourteen-year-old. There was a haunted look there which made him automatically shrink away.
'Kill him!' an angry voice shouted from the crowd that had gathered around.
'Why not? Are you afraid of having me as your boyfriend? Worried everyone's gonna talk that the great Steve Rogers is dating fuckboy billionaire Tony Stark?' Tony's voice was both hurt and pleading.
hope y'all enjoyed, i know my posting schedule is wack but bear with me, see you next time and lots of love,
'I did, but I would prefer you in one piece when we land. Get back in your seat, Tones.' Tony sighed dramatically and began to float backward, keeping his gaze locked with Rhodey's, who broke into a reluctant smile. He flipped over and nearly crashed into the blond boy from earlier, who was stubbornly ignoring him.
The only two guns in the camp were usually handled by Natasha and Bucky, the people who found them. Natasha's Glock was always on her person and she refused to let anyone else use it. There would always be one gun in the camp and if anyone was going out they would take the other one - Bucky's Smith and Wesson 629. The guns were, however, rarely used, because their ammunition supplies were very low.
'Great, then. If we're voting, I'm going with Steve.' He grinned at the blond, who was turning pink.
Steve shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts. 'Tony, I like you. I like you a lot. And there definitely was sparks. But I'm not too sure about the whole boyfriend thing. I don't really do dating, and -'
Steve said, but he was laughing. Bucky grinned and lightly shoved him in the shoulder.
Rumlow, Sitwell and Rollins immediately began a series of protests but Steve shut them up.
Jane had been right. The view from Earth was far more stunning than the view in space. It was jaw-dropping. Thor gazed up at the blanket of stars across the night sky, awestruck, as they twinkled and shone. He was lost in wonder.
They were decked out in new clothes - no, gear - complete with utility belts, straps, boots, even a straitjacket-type thing for Bucky. They also had new weapons, which Thor eyed with a good amount of interest. Steve began to explain how Mount Weather had a ton of cool weapons and gear, enough for almost everyone, when Loki wandered over, his smile uncharacteristically sincere.
“I don't hide behind the cradles of my children,” he snapped.
He pushed it all down, telling himself that of course a man as out of his depth where children were concerned as Stefen would be terrified of losing the help hired to deal with them.
“Stefen.” The baroness stepped toward the bed, soft tone implying this was an age-old argument between them. “Dr. Erskine is not a suitable physician. The army has sent someone here to help you. You must let them.” She turned to Dr. Fischer, opening her mouth to beckon him forward when Rogers cut her off.
Tony raised his hand to still the excited flow of thought coming from Péter.
“Well, my thanks to Signor Ventura and his vineyard.”
"Stefen, is that wise?" Charlotte fretted as she caught up to them. Next to him Tony was giving him the same worried look and Steve was careful to avoid both of their eyes but he could do nothing to hide the ragged nature of his breathing. "It's fine Charlotte. She hardly weighs anything," he said. Truthfully his shoulders were already starting to ache, but he'd be damned if he let a little soreness and shortness of breath ruin their last Christmas in their home.
They didn’t speak much the rest of the journey home. Bucky was in a pensive mood and she left him to it, having a fair number of thoughts of her own to sort through. The film they’d watched had been another harrowing reminder of the looming threat to her family.
“Inola, Dear, have another drink. You look faint.” Sieger passed her a cup, the brief scent of tea and whiskey filling Tony's senses. The professors square hand rested heavily on her shoulder for a moment before he clasped them behind his back to resume his pacing. Tony was going to go insane with the sound of it.
Ever this day be at my side.
“Have you stopped?”
“Please Franz! He’ll die. They will
The first wave of guests had already said their goodbyes, those who’d felt obligated to make an appearance, and those with young children at home, offering up their excuses and fetching their coats with the relief of a job well done. Beultin had been among them. Bucky had seen the eccentric old scholar depart at the reasonable hour of nine, whistling merrily to himself as he donned his coat and hat. He’d had his handkerchief hanging out of the right pocket. It was their signal for all being well. Bucky had watched from the window as Billy left the house, making for the cab that was waiting to take him home – where his packed bags were waiting as well as his ticket to London. Bucky didn’t see any of the numerous cars or cabs parked out front attempt to follow him. He couldn’t discount that a tail might be waiting somewhere down the road, but with any luck he’d gone completely undetected and would be on the first flight out in the morning.
“Father.” He was almost glad when James, who had sat up in his sleeping bag to stare intently at his father, who finally broke gaze with Bakhuizen and grunted in acknowledgment.
“I like ara candids!” Artur broke in excitedly only casting his father a wary glance out of the corner of his eye. Steve swallowed more soup.
It was reassuring in a small way to know that Bucky was so fiercely intent on protecting the children. He doubted very much that devotion extended to him, but Tony could take care of himself in the event of unwelcome visitors. He was not truly worried about the looters coming out this far into the country, and he suspected neither was Bucky.
“Margrit – beg pardon, Frau Rogers used to throw quite the party back in the day.”
Excuses could be made for Sara and Maria, but it was strange for their father to be so anxious when they were surrounded by so many people who were supposed to be allies. It was dangerous for him to be so moody. He couldn't give them reason to doubt his loyalty or his sanity.
There was nothing forthcoming in his tone, nothing that might suggest he felt anyway about Rogers’s or his own orders to babysit. Just a cool indifference.
A man in a doctor’s coat with glasses and a sharp nose looked up as they came toward him, impatience in his step.
“Yes. Yes I’m eating Nonna. I've taken a position as a tutor here in Salzburg.”
“M-my mother is working.” The girl nodded her head toward the house and Steve frowned. It seemed an ordinary house, neither large nor fancy enough for anyone to bother spending money on staff. There was an inkling in the back of his mind... confirmed when the front door opened, letting out the sound of soft music, and someone laughing from within.  A man stumbled out; his shirt untucked on one side. He looked surprised to find them standing there, but didn’t linger and hurried on his way.
Much had changed in the Rogers household since they’d returned from Vienna. Stefen’s fears that the children would be drawn into attendance in the Nazi Youth had proved correct, almost before they’d walked in the door and it mattered little how against it he and the Captain were. The Reich grew stronger, the call to arms blared on and war marched ever and ever closer. Sometimes Vienna felt like a beautiful dream to Tony. In many ways it was. A beautiful dream of happiness and togetherness that he’d never expected to taste in his lifetime. A hopeless dream that had carved itself a space in his body that would forever ache with emptiness.
After the meal he’d made his way to the day room near his own quarters. He hadn’t written to either Farkas or Rogers yesterday, and he couldn’t put it off much longer.
Tony’s adolescent years had become a game of thumbing his nose at his father by shamelessly chasing every passing attraction, male or female, without a thought to the family name or the indecency of his actions. The only good thing about being forced to spend a quarter of his year in Germany with his parents was the red-light district in Hamburg.  He’d studied the full spectrum of human appetite quite thoroughly among the sailors who crowded Reeperbahn, but contrary to what his father might have imagined it wasn’t all rolled stockings, drag shows, and decadence. People said that love between two people of the same sex was a perversion, and that two men especially could never feel anything beyond a base and primitive sexual hunger for one another.
In a perfect world scarlet fever wouldn't have killed her mother and there would be no such thing as Nazis. There would have still been music and dancing and Natasha would have continued to beat all the boys at their own games. She'd turn eighteen and fight with her parents about her scandalous hopes of becoming a dancer and running off with a real slick musician a good decade older than her.Peggy would try and talk sense into her (because she's a lame mom who just can't understand what it's like to want to follow your own path according to Natasha's infinite teenaged wisdom) while Steve was still trying to scrape his exploded brain off the walls and find a shot gun; and of course Bucky kept the guns well out of reach and his body a safe distance until Steve had enough time to mellow and think about this logically.
“Captain Rogers, Mr. Bukhizen. I trust your journey here went smoothly?” Loki asked and Steve nodded in affirmation as he gestured for the pair to follow him toward the sitting room where they found Siv already sitting and Thor standing near the window, staring out over the lights of the city. He turned at the sound of their approach, a welcoming smile stretching his wide mouth but Steve noticed a sobriety to him that had been missing at the ball.
“Yes, yes, I will bring the girl back in one piece,” Tony waved away Pepper’s concern. She, Herr Hogan and one of the house maids had come down to the dock in order to assist Tony and the children in their final preparations and see them off on their excursion. The housekeeper had been a big help wrangling together their supplies, getting the boats packed, and organizing the children but now that there was nothing left to do but set sail, as it were, she was wringing her hands fretfully.
More towels for one thing and a kettle would go a long way towards keeping water heated. Steam was important for keeping the lungs clear. And medicinal powder was common enough in most households.
He snatched up one of three reports he still had to go over. Major Rogers’ careful type glared back at him. The black inked letters mocking him as his vision swam. Dvořák blinked and threw the report back down, rubbing his eyes harshly.
“Stefen!” Bucky’s voice snapped him out of the fog and Steve blinked at him, glancing down and startled to find Bucky’s hand gripping his shoulder. “Breathe, will you? It’s alright. Sam’s fine. You want to know why? ‘Cause you’re fucking paranoid. Some guy staring at you at a station could mean anything.”
?” Stefen made the word sound so abhorrent, so foreign as to incite fury at its mere suggestion. Perhaps unconsciously he took a step around the desk, shortening the distance between them. “When the hell have I ever treated you like you were that?”
“Children! Good morn and good traveling to you all.” Bucky greeted the table as he entered the dining room. The children echoed a chorus of hellos between bites of their- was that müesli? Praise the gods! Müesli, sausage and ham, three plates of fruit and of course coffee specifically made. He might marry Williamina, never mind the fact she was fifteen years his senior.
Laughing at his expression Hedwig shook her head at him.
But neither she nor Harry seemed willing to curb Johann’s behavior, and Péter couldn’t help but think back to the old Jew they’d watched get beaten in Salzburg, and that story their father had told him.
“On that we agree.” Coulson interjected as Stefen took a breath to argue. The three men turned and stared at him incredulous. “I came here because I honestly believe ferreting the book out of the country with an untrained operative is the best shot we have. The three of you for various reasons are already on their watch list, but I know you know others.”
Steve observed their escorts closely, only partly because studying them was a distraction from the tightening sensation in his chest with every bump and rattle that shook the aircraft.
“It’s not safe.” He retorted, too loud, flinching when he felt the children’s eyes widening on him.
It should have been terrifying but somehow it wasn’t.  It was too right to hold that knife in her hand and learn to use it as Bucky had learned. The way he said he’d taught his sister and the same tricks he and Father had shown her mother. He said Mother preferred a pistol but Natacha liked the feel of the knife.
"He's not with
lion. I’m jeopardizing my cover to save your neck here and strangely I haven’t heard so much as a thank you.”
When he rounded the corner into the sitting room Natacha saw him first, she stood up from where she was sitting next to Bucky on the couch her eyes going bright and soft as a barely contained grin split her face as she greeted him.
“Ian,” he called out after a moment. “What's wrong patatino?”
*Peeks through fingers* Peter noooooo.
Stark was not that man. Stark and discipline appeared to not have heard of each other.
“James listen to me.
“Hitler’s school?” he asked and Harry nodded.  “But I thought they were only for Germans?”
“Surely they must know that an endeavor like that could be used to work against their regime?” Tony looked to Stefen with disbelief, and even the captain's unflappable expression had shifted toward one of shock.
An almost uncomfortable warmth spread through his chest at the sound.
“We throw the engagement party Charlotte’s been wanting.” Tony explained. “We invite every friend, every colleague, the whole damn village down to the last gardener. That way even if they do suspect the hand off is taking place that night, they won’t know who to watch. They’ll be spread thin, but if you’re caught anyway Stefen can’t immediately be implicated. You were just taking advantage of a big party to hide your dirty deed in plain sight. Weren’t you?”
Bucky snorted scathingly, and her mouth tilted towards a smile.
She turned in a swirl of skirts, gone almost as quickly as she'd arrived and Tony could only blink at the closing door behind her.
Suddenly Ian’s strange mood took on a whole new light in his mind. Of all his siblings Ian was the most careful, not because he wasn’t as brave or daring but because it mattered to him to do things
“I was only a little younger myself when I realized. I had something of a crush on a boy who worked for us. His name was Rhodey.” Tony chuckled sadly. “I was so afraid my father would find out. It used to keep me up at night, imagining what he would have done to Rhodey if he knew.”
Péter’s mouth tightened.
“These men say they are with you Cardinal, but they don’t have papers.” The soldier at the gate explained, eyes flickering between Tony and the collection of robed men with bowed heads.
“Rogers, food.” he called, quickly taking apart the meal. He knew the goulash rat ate, but it was a bit like catching sight of a shooting star.
“That’s not what I asked!” he snapped. His hands tightened on her arms.
Steve took another deep breath, refusing to take the bait. It didn’t do much but buy him time, but it was time enough to collect himself for his next words.
"Or turn us in." Justice grumbled, and Péter noticed that he'd moved in front of Firestar somewhat protectively. "I told you it was crazy to bring him here!"
Tony shifted, kept his gaze on Bucky. He was so damn tired.
But his resolve, such as it was, was weak and only weakening as the hours stretched by.
James had already disappeared from the parlor room window, the curtains pulled tight in an unmistakable rejection, and still it took all of Tony's effort to drag his eyes away and look at the man who had spoken to him. Lt. Stevens stood rigidly at his side, his expression deepening the somber lines that had begun to set permanently around his mouth despite being in what some would call the prime of his life. Tony swallowed and looked away. It wasn't the superficial resemblance to Stefen, with the fair hair and the light eyes, that made it so painful to look at the man. It was the way he carried himself - like someone who had planted themselves in the ground under the weight of a burden far bigger than themselves; who had already made their peace with being crushed by it.
“I’m not playing hero,” he whispered and he was proud of the way his voice didn't betray him. Stefen’s gaze changed, eyes widening slightly in recognition of his own words. He opened his mouth, perhaps to offer some belated apology, another flimsy excuse, or worse still, repeat the accusation. Tony waved him silent, he didn't need to hear it, any of it. He was going to Dachau. Whether Stefen agreed to it or not. Whether Tony would have a home to come back to or not.
Peggy had started the tradition of eating breakfast with the staff on Christmas Eve, Steve recalled with a slight pang as he entered the crowded kitchen. All of the staff had returned, including the two laundry maids. Hammer was worryingly absent, but Steve shoved the worry to the back of his mind – another problem to tackle later. Now was about the children.
“Do you mind?” Tony gestured at the pieces. He perhaps should have asked before, but better to ask forgiveness and all that.
“Using your honeymoon as an excuse might have worked before, but you’re under investigation now. They won’t want to give you a chance to leave the country and disappear.” Tony took Stefen’s hand, steading him and imploring him softly to truly hear what he was saying. “It’s likely this will just push them into deciding to spring the trap now instead of later.”
For a moment it looked as if he would say something more but as Harrold banged on the bottom of a kitchen pot and called for the racers to line up, Herr Mueller simply nodded in deference and murmured, “Of course.”
“I’ve never fared well with children. Let’s hope today proves to be the exception.” It wasn’t that Charlotte hated children, it was just that she’d never had any particular use for them. She was an only child herself with few cousins.
Aust was gone. They’d lost another pair of eyes and ears in the Police department.
She’d only managed to avoid it herself because Parodi had secured false papers from Coulson saying she was a sister of his, in exchange for lending his skills to the Coup. But they knew the lie would not hold up. Too many people had known them and eventually someone would come looking. It was only a matter of when. They had weeks at best, and Steve had no doubt that if the Gestapo came back for her Parodi would die trying to stop them, or worse decide to share her fate. Time was running out for all of them.
"What's wrong?" He asked without preamble and Bucky withdrew a folded letter from the envelop and tossed it on top of the drawing that Steve was working on.
Under Nazi law the Afro-Germans had lost whatever forms of citizenship they might have held before and with it their right to employment. Among other things.
Tony gently picked up one of the brittle stems, wondering at the discovery of the book and the contradictions it posed in the man whom it belonged to, until his eyes caught on a passage on the page.
They were all smitten with her, but Natacha in particular seemed in awe, the two of them giggling and whispering together as Susann took her measurements in such a feminine way that it made Steve itch uncomfortably. He was used to Natacha being so reserved and, well, sensible. He didn’t think he liked the secretive giggling and sly looks they kept giving him. He kept having to stifle the urge to make sure his shirt wasn’t untucked.
Bucky snorted. It was harder now, a game he made himself play, looking for cracks in Steve’s perfect German persona to spot any remnants of the skinny Roma boy who had once lifted his grandfather’s coveted pencils in order to draw on the backs of logs.
They’d made it. It took Steve’s mind a moment to really accept it. They’d all made it in the car. They were quickly leaving more and more streets behind them, headed out of the city.
He'd let Bucky back into the house he reasoned. By default, his resilience must be waning.
Bucky’s contact was a dutch woman by the name of Janneke Van Dyne. An accomplished singer with a well to do father living in Holland, most of society chose to politely ignore the fact that she was part Siamese for the chance to have the woman lend her beautiful voice to their soirees and gatherings. Which meant she traveled quite a bit and could easily hide something like a letter among her entourage or so Bucky claimed. He wrote to her, asking her to come to Vienna on Steve’s behalf and there was nothing to do in the meanwhile but wait.
book would be a good place for us to start our research." Tony stressed the correct pronunciation of the word, but Artur was too excited to pay much attention, turning to his brothers with a cheer of excitement.
Oh but they all wanted so badly to believe war could be avoided and saner heads prevail. So badly they would sell their neighbors and their children and anything else besides. Badly enough to condemn anyone who got in their way.
It was hard not to touch and harder still not to bruise by grasping too tightly.
Heaven forbid they end up like Tony had, seventeen with no idea how to wash his own clothes. He'd understood the basics (he wasn't a dullard) but the finer details like what soaps to use and what brushes worked best with what fabrics and how to finely scrub a stain out of his robes might as well have been Greek. He'd been the brunt of more than one joke in his days as a novice, his pampered upbringing leaving him ill prepared for a monk’s life of simplicity and service.
“Captain, so long as Norway is free and I her Prince, we are behind you and your cause,” Thor promised ardently, extending his hand once more for Steve to shake. The simple and yet profoundly meaningful gesture no less surreal the second time. “I only ask that you remember the friendship between us. We may yet need you, far more than you need us.”
~*~*~*~
But why not? A cold voice sneered in the back of his mind. Wasn’t that what they were intending for his daughters? Wasn’t Tacha next on the damn auction block?
Charlotte proved just as persuasive as she promised. Whatever she’d suggested in her letter to the brass they suddenly saw every reason in the world for the Rogers to return to Salzburg in order to celebrate with Péter. Tony and the children were sent ahead at the captain’s insistence, and even that request was met with minimal fuss. He supposed it was hard for anyone to deny a woman concerned with the education of children, but anyway, Tony didn't care so much what their reason was. Only that for now the family got to take a break from the public tour and that they could all be there to welcome Péter when he arrived home for break.
Einspanner was firmly set in a part of his life that was staunchly labeled ‘Before Peggy Died’ and he'd allowed himself little comfort since then. How that had happened he wasn't sure. If Stark were there Steve was sure he’d have something cutting to say about it; but Steve really hadn't woken up one day and thought, ‘I’ll never have espresso and cream again, to hell with chocolate!” it had just happened. Little things that reminded him of her: a certain song, the path he would take to the gardens at home, his room, the children. All the little things adding into big things until Steve hardly recognized himself.
But even as he thought it Bucky went stiff, and where Stefen would have taken the bait and continued to argue with him, Bucky just stared at him, his eyes glittering dangerously, like he was considering slitting his throat.
Emotional blackmail. And a weak attempt at that. Sam was usually in better form. But maybe he’d thought too soon because a moment later Sam was making him feel about two inches tall with an innocent expression on his face.
“Because, believe it or not, this is dangerous work to be undertaking in a schoolroom, and something about his son tinkering around with radioactive materials might make your father nervous. You could grow eight limbs if we weren’t careful.”
"Come on!"
“My father is home,” he reminded him and Harry nodded glancing back at the house, moonlight reflecting off the lake bathing his pale cheeks.
After Vienna Tony hadn't been at all sure Stefen would continue his, for lack of better word, extension of friendship. Neither of them were dull men. What was brewing between them was plain, and he was well aware that Stefan could easily pull back the tentative olive branch he'd extended at any time, which would leave Tony where exactly.
“No Herr Stark,” the Captain snapped and Tony fell silent. He seemed to regret something of the brusqueness in his tone because he took a breath before he added, a tad gentler “My children don’t play.”
The family was to be in Munich for the duration of the festival and travel to some of the nearby towns in parade with the troops.  Charlotte had suggested renting the town house so that the children might be more comfortable, and the adults did not have to share their beds.
"But if Susann called at all it has to mean something went wrong Bucky. What-"
"Believe it or not vague promises aren't that reassuring to me right now. "
The children insisted on riding every ride, but the biggest hit was the merry go-round. Steve was happy to watch from the sidelines as they went around in circles, but he let Tony pull him with them when they discovered the joy of the giant swing. Observing Tony in the seat beside him, eyes bright and hair windsept with the most childish grin splitting his face, Steve wished furiously that he’d thought to bring his sketchbook.
The iron slab over the square viewing window slid open with the sound of grating metal and a pale stern face appeared. Suspicious brown eyes over a sternly set mouth eyed Steve up and down where he stood in the street outside the back end of St. Péter's abbey. He'd come to the back door because he knew the long alley would be bare, and anyone who had followed him would be forced to expose themselves.
“Warmed leftovers prepared by my own two hands. I’m sure that appeals to your tender sensibilities.” A grin at the indignant sound that escaped from Tony was the only sign he gave of paying any attention to him as he then turned to James and said, “It couldn’t be helped. They had to catch the early train.”
“Is it a baby?” Sara asked next and Tony grinned shaking his head.
There were the frigid temperatures, wild animals and the scarcity of food to keep him on his toes. They could all very well die before the winter was out or worse yet maybe he’d only lose one or two.
It was the dead of night when an armored truck rolled to a stop outside an unassuming apartment building in the city of Berlin. Steve was crouched in the back with fifteen other men, ammunition and gear rattling against his legs. He had a small velvet bag open in one palm, the beads he’d purchased at Pippen’s shop what felt like years ago now rattling softly as Steve and the others were jostled by the movement of the truck. He rolled one of the beads between his fingers fitfully, marveling at the unusually deep red of the coral.
At least the children were safe. They were safe, weren’t they?
There was no way that Steve would allow any doctor selected by Striker or anyone else in the Nazi party anywhere within five feet of his children but he’d known then that Striker wasn’t going to give him a choice; he’d force the issue unless Steve gave him something.
“He’ll spill.”
He pulled out his chair, with more force than he meant to, the back of it bumping his thigh and swore. All he wanted was to be horizontal. Was that asking for so much? Probably.
“Wait a minute, you mean
"Broth- Antony Stark. At your service"
“Well, aren’t you going to speak to him?” Sophie needled her, brown eyes doe like as she snuck another look over their shoulders at Emil. Tall Emil, whose new father was an S.S. officer because he’d turned his old one in for refusing to allow him to join the HJ. Handsome, fair, blue eyed Emil who said he didn’t mind that she was almost as tall as he was and that she still had a chest like a boy. Emil who swore up and down he was going to become second only to the Führer.
A weak lie. Charlotte’s mother felt much the same way her sister had felt about Steve dirtying their family line. It was only the various awards and promotions that helped her swallow the bitter pill.
Steve jerked his head towards the door and instantly regretted it when pain flared and his vision swam. He steadied himself and then turned to back to Natacha, ignoring his oldest as Péter slunk from the room.
Phillips had been gruff. Impatient even. But under the growl, Steve had seen the compassion that made it impossible for the man to look the other way when all the others had.
She said it as if it was nothing, as if they were discussing the weather, but the ball of tension that had been sitting coiled in Tony’s gut for hours began to unravel and he had to brace himself against the door because suddenly his knees were weak.
Yep. Back already. I did say updates would come more regularly from here on out, but fair warning the chapters will be far FAR shorter. I hope you enjoy the update. That said fair warning, this one hurts. See you on the other side.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony could admit that, but only in the privacy of his mind in the dark of the attic while he worked. The supplies had come only a day or so after he’d returned home, and he could only cringe at what Stefen must have paid to arrange that. His mission must truly be vital then, and Tony was determined not only to meet Stefen’s expectations but to exceed them.
“A woman?” Benjamino asked, dark brows lifting in surprise. “Can he describe her?”
But on further thought, Pepper had said it had been a few years since the family had indulged, even before Frau Rogers had passed.
“But the Führer doesn’t want Czechoslovakia. He just wants the Sudetenland, and now we’ve got it.” Julia refuted desperately, ringing her hands. Pepper placed a steadying hand on the younger woman’s arm and gave Tony a very purposeful look.
~**~*~
He made music for her to dance to, taught her how to make a fist, and he gave her a knife he knew she'd use.  He knew what she’d done and the way he loved her hadn’t changed. Tony and Péter looked at her differently now, but
"There are clergymen imprisoned at the camp. Abbott Farkas has been working with the Vatican to see them released." he explained.
“Yes, that was naughty of Péter wasn't it?” Tony murmured, stroking the top of her head and she leaned into the touch, seeking comfort. On his left Maria had also leaned in, one small hand reaching to clutch onto his arm as if for support as she turned eyes laden with worry toward her father at the head of the table.
It was the first time in his life that he could ever remember somebody looking at him like that, as if he were someone to be pitied. Ian titled his chin up, meeting the older man’s stare as he answered him with no hint of shame, “Yes, we came up here to start a farm down the road, but the winter has been hard. It’s just me, da and my brother. He’s got the cough though, so he had to stay home.”
She nodded hesitantly, “Two days ago.” She murmured “but you weren't home like you said you’d be.”
Steve threw the sketch aside lunging to his feet. He had to shut the door on things like that, couldn’t afford to think on them here. He had to keep them out. Focus.
“Shut up.” Tacha hissed, glaring at Peter, and Ian flinched. Did she not think he could do it? That hurt. Ian didn't think he’d be so bad at being…a leader. Maybe.
Not that any of that made Tony safe. With a single phone call Stanislov could have both Italian and German Authorities descending upon the city in a horde, and they both knew it. But Tony had one golden card to play.
Did you survive? We can't wait to hear what you think. Thank you for going on this ride. We hope to get the next chapter out soon. We promise it won't be another six months! On that note, because of life conflicts TFIOT is taking a step back from the fic. It is important to both of us to finish this story as it has been such a gigantic part of our lives over the past few years. I will be writing the story to its conclusion. Though chapters may not be as long, I sincerely hope you enjoy the rest of the journey. Faithfully yours - Triddlegrl
The food helped to energize Tony at first but about an hour or so later the cold had seeped into his bones again, bringing with it a heavy exhaustion that begged for sleep. He found himself nodding once, then twice, jerking back to alertness at the sound of feet scuffing in the doorframe of the cockpit as Bucky ducked inside.
There was a loud crash above and the distinctive tinkling of shattered glass and Tony smiled viciously at the butler, replying smoothly in a studious fashion.
Natasha Romanoff is fiction, but I think she shares the spirit of these women and I am glad I could use this story to bring them to your attention.
"Don't be ridiculous." Stefen said, voice more intense than the conversation seemed to warrant as he gripped the woman's elbow. "We can't send you back out on the road. Stay and eat something."
Maybe the doctor was wrong about how bad it was too. Maybe all her father needed now that she’d stopped giving him the tonic was rest.
Steve pulled himself up like a puppet being lifted on its strings, thoughts now to cleaning up the mess he’d made.
“Why?” she rasped out and Father sighed, deeply.
Tony turned in his seat to follow the motion of a large crane as it carried a load from the dockside and lowered them onto a ship that was locked in harbor for repairs. They were using a model several years out of date he observed, indeed much of the machinery looked as if it hadn’t been updated since before the Great War. Hughard would never have stood for it.
Sam’s gaze lingered on the shop before he dropped his arm from the open window, keeping it safe inside the automobile, jostling the box of Wilamina’s blinners in his lap.
“I wanted to apologize for my behavior yesterday. It was beastly and an adult ought to know better, shouldn’t he?”
A voice inside asked. It sounded like her mother. Natacha could almost see her, standing at the cupboard door with her hands on her hips. The slight hint of a smile in the corner of her mouth betraying the strictness of her tone. Only mother was dead, and this time Natacha hadn’t sat on Harry Osborne for being a stupid braggart, she’d
The girl’s fall seemed to have shaken something loose in James. Rather than take heed to their warnings to slow down he used the rest of the time to cycle in loops around them like a mad thing, weaving in and out of their line like a drunk and challenging Péter and Ian at every turn now that they refused to race. Tony could see Péter losing patience very quickly and he wasn’t the only one. Tony was more than a little grateful when the edges of town came into sight.
“Did Hercules know anything about the route they’re going to take?”
In the interim, we've discussed the possibility of posting some asides from Tony and Steve's childhoods to keep the universe alive (and okay I'll admit it, the thought of not writing this fic for months depresses me) and combat the sound of crickets. We have more than enough world building for it so please let me know if that's something that would interest you and if there's anything in particular your interested in seeing/knowing. Until then friends, so long and farewell.
Steve nodded apologetically and let the conversation go on without him. He had no idea why his ire was up. It might be a crisp fall day outside but here in the apartment packed with fifteen bodies in and out it was stuffy and beginning to smell strongly of unwashed bodies.
“You were too little.” Natacha reminded him as if that were the end of it.
She regarded him from across the table, her expression tight before sighing. “I’d hardly call any of this easy, Stefen.” Charlotte had long ago given up trying to coral him. Instead she weathered it (weathered him) as if he were a storm that she simple had to make it through, and then all would be right as rain. Shadows played across her face in the low electric lighting, casting circles that Steve knew better than to think were under her eyes. For one unguarded moment she allowed herself to look tired, shoulders slumped heavy and face lax with weariness.
“Spiders, bugs and all the other animals. Alright, let's start with bees, she'll we?” Tony prayed the answer would appease him because he already had quite a bit of homework for the night.
“Who on earth told you that?” he asked and the child did not so much as bat an eyelash before he earnestly replied.
The cook lowered her head again and returned to their work. If she let any tears spill, they were lost to the dough and the rocking motions of her hands at work.
Not when he could hold Tony down by his hands. Shove him into the mattress, chest to chest. Hot breath puffing against his face as he pounded him into the mattress, drove the breath from Tony’s lungs, stole his ability to speak, molded their bodies together until he wasn't sure where he began and Tony finished.
“They’re family,” Natacha snapped impatiently in reply, turning on her heel and heading for the stairs. She gave them both one last glare over her shoulder as she shot back, “You should know better Ian, as much as you squabble with James. You’d be there for him even though he told someone to throw up on you wouldn’t you?”
They’d not been out there long before voices on the terrace had drawn his attention and Tony had been surprised to see Pepper setting up Kaffeetrinken for the captain and Herr Bakhuizen. Though it wasn’t near as involved in his children’s day to day lives as Tony would like, it was a start. Stefen was out of his rooms at least, and the children seemed thrilled by his presence. Tony felt satisfied for the moment, even though he knew the achievement was far more likely due to Herr Bakhuizen’s presence than Stefen taking to heart anything Tony might have said to him.
He’d been preparing himself to say goodbye all this time… But, what if he didn’t have to? What if whether the Führer was gone or not, Steve just left Europe to her fate. Would that be so wrong?
Warmth had flooded through him as he’d plucked the green and gold book down from the little shelf just above his bed. A little American authored book. His favorite even though it was one of the ones Virginia and father told him he had to keep hidden. He had a few like that, that father had brought home and some Virginia had gotten from her father before they had been banned.
"I’m beginning to think you really do care."
“Well then I hope you enjoy your vacation Bucky. I think I’ll retire for the night.”
In the driver's seat Bucky unclutched his hands for what must have been the hundredth time. His tight grip on the steering wheel probably wasn’t very comfortable.
“In fact if they-
James was nodding slowly, looking equally chagrined and thoughtful as he lowered himself back into his sleeping bag. Some instinct drew Tony to the movement in the corner of his eye. He turned just in time to see Natacha sinking back down into her own sleeping bag, a flash of red hair and wounded eyes before she curled up and turned away from them.
The Castle repeats.
He’d chosen wrong last time. Hadn’t he? He’d nearly killed her brother. Nearly killed her.
He glared at her. He was not shouting!
“Thank you. It was a school boy’s efforts at best.”
“You worked in a factory?” Charlotte asked, one blond brow quirked in interest and Stefen jerked his eyes toward her looking momentarily confused by her question before nodding jerkily. Tony wondered what the baroness thought of her beau getting his hands dirty on a factory floor. But if Charlotte thought anything of it at all she certainly didn’t let it show as she continued to sip from her cup.
They had to get someone close to him, that voice whispered again in the back of his mind, his heart twisting painfully in his chest in realization.
Natacha’s whisper interrupted his frantic thoughts as she opened his bedroom door with a creak. She slipped into the hall and Péter hurried to catch up trying to be mindful of the floorboards he knew that creaked.
Hers had been Silver and brown with hints of red and black across their surfaces, sewn and strung with black ribbon. When he’d turned ten Granda Motshan and Da had shown him the art to flattening coins and making beads from clay. They showed him how to get certain patterns on their glossy surfaces, and the meanings behind those patterns, so that one day he could make beautiful buinokishti for his future bride. A bride he was meant to have within a few short years. A good, pretty girl from a respected family.
His first year at the abbey he hadn’t slept a wink. In truth his night terrors had been so vivid (recalling the deaths of his parents and the loss of Yinsen in such lurid detail) he’d feared the moment he closed his eyes each night. He did not know who had given the Father Superior the idea to allow him to turn the old stable into a workshop (if indeed it hadn’t been Farkas’ idea all along) but he had no doubt it had saved his mind, if not his life. It was hard to remember that first year. He’d spent so much of it drunk that was hardly a surprise.
"Why are you two out after curfew?" The officer interjected, ignoring Péter's affable prattle entirely. "Where are your papers?"
“Good. I thought you might,” Stefen began again with some uncertainty.  “You have a far better head for the sciences than I do.”
“I know it was not my place to promise such a thing…” he was surprised to hear himself admit. “But the children seem so fond of Weiss I…”
“No. It was a warning.”
Péter had been late to dinner which had earned him a dressing down from the captain and Péter had shown an unusual (but not wholly surprising) amount of belligerence that had threatened to escalate what was essentially a minor event into something far worse. Bakhuizen had tried to diffuse the tension by recalling that he and the captain had never had a curfew and would have broken it if they had.
The children drew closer to the light like little moths, and Tony swallowed thickly as he took in their stiff frightened faces staring up at him in the candles glow. He examined them one by one, checking for injuries, but also needing just to touch, just to assure himself that they were there – they'd done it somehow – and he was not dreaming.
"You can write me. I'll answer” he said. “I'll try to answer. I'm not always able," he amended with a slight grimace. Ian knew that. They all knew that, but it hadn’t made it any easier in the past for mother when their letters went unanswered or were returned with a rejection stamp, revealing that he had never gotten them at all.
~ The Cathedral ~
Eventually they were invited to sit at the small conference table in the center of the room. As he sat, Tony flicked a curious glance at the man in the suit yet to be identified, who was now checking the time on a pocket watch. Stefen took the chair next to Tony and frowned at the stranger.
Tony stopped abruptly, his heart pounding behind his rib cage, glass grinding beneath his heels.
But after a moment more the coughing subsided and Artur curled against his side, content to continue licking away at his ice-cream between quiet wheezy breaths.
“Still, it’s silly to push motherhood on a girl so young.” Charlotte clucked, glancing back at Natacha. “I think we could all do with a bit of a break. How much longer do you think they will keep you on the road?”
They’d all heard the tapes now, and it was a flimsy case that even a halfwit lawyer could have argued their way out of. The audio was tinny and distorted, and even Lt. Stevens, who had listened avidly over the years to numerous speeches the Major had given over the radio, could not confidently say that the voice on the tape belonged to Major Rogers. But this administration had hung men without trial for far less.
Without further ado we bring you the 10th installment. Please forgive any errors we didn't catch, we've been working for a month to get this out to you :P Enjoy.
Unless, Maria perked up with hope blooming in her chest. Unless they refused to come out. Then he'd have to stay to make sure they were fed and nothing bad happened to them. Maria opened her mouth, but when she glanced behind Tony and saw the policeman still standing behind him, watching, she squeaked even worse than Artur. She wished she wasn't so afraid all the time, and that grown up people didn't make her as nervous as they did but bad things happened when they got upset. She’d always been warned to be quiet when Father was home and not to make him upset with the sound of her voice. But that was before Tony had come. Everything was different now and that was why he had to stay. He just had to!
A pang of sympathy helped cool some of Steve’s lingering anger. He’d never doubted that Susann enjoyed her life or the business she’d built to support her family, but he also knew how smart she was. She was every bit as smart as her father and maybe, in a different world, she might have been a brilliant doctor herself one day.
I'm preparing to move out of state and go back to school and she is headed off to boot camp. We're very excited about this of course but it requires some real planning on our part. If the interest is there it's our goal to finish the fic. We are trying to figure how best to achieve that and how we should structure future updates. Your input would be so appreciated as we make our decisions.
Annamarie said that the truth was a weapon. Their best weapon against Hitler.
“A very fine day,” Maria agreed with a nod, hope beginning to creep into her voice.
Tony blinked, taken slightly back. From the little that Steve had told him about his childhood in the caravan, it wasn't hard for Tony to fill in the blanks. Steve would have been one of the first, but Bucky would never have let his
[laughing] It was too whimsical for Natacha. Even when we were children she could never stand things that were whimsical.
Péter watched helplessly as Herr Stark shoved past their butler. He’d not waited for the door to completely open before he was rushing up the steps, leaving Péter and his siblings clustered in the entrance way.
And the death of Steve too, because he’d never let them have Tony.
“Haven’t you heard? Liberty is the sound of broken glass.”
Steve jerked his head. “Show them in, don’t leave her out on the stairs. Where are your manners?”
When Péter didn’t immediately answer Ian quickened his step to reach the older boy. “Tacha, we’re calling a halt.” he said in a surprisingly authoritative voice.” Péter needs us to stop!”
“Burn it down! Burn it to the ground!” A young man standing on a crate nearby urged the crowd. He had a thin wooden baton in his hand, and wore the uniform of Hitler’s youth. It was an absurd sight. The boy in his brown shorts standing upon his box, teeth gleaming as they reflected flames, egging on a swarm of men and women twice his age all snarling like starved animals over a carcass.
Stefen was jerking at the button on his slacks as the back of Tony’s knees hit something solid and Tony gasped, startled. The couch he realized in a daze as Stefen pushed. He let himself drop obediently against the cushions.
-The Inn-
No one seemed inclined to risk insulting one of the Führer’s inner circle by halting his rant. And rant he did, pointing out all the flaws he saw in the Wehrmacht as if his own swollen ego was of no consequence. He was drunk and making a fool of himself Steve thought with disgust. Finally the man seemed to run out of air.
It was Hammer’s turn to be glared at as Sara’s wobbling mouth finally fell open in a loud sob at the announcement that they would be taken from their father and not allowed to see him leave. It was like someone had declared bedlam as suddenly Maria was sobbing into her hands and Artur, blinking back tears of his own, turned with the intention to run off heaven only knew where.
Miss Van Dyne arched one slender brow and tutted.
He was imagining things he berated himself. It was the fear talking. Schmidt couldn't know fully what Steve had planned. Perhaps he thought Steve meant to defect and this would keep the eagle eye on him.
He had such expressive hands, impressive in their dexterity. He was always moving them about when he talked. He'd watched them earlier in the garage when Tony had been bent over the engine of Peggy’s old car, watched as they twisted, pulled and shifted parts so quickly it was like the steps of a well-choreographed dance.
“Why are you a monk?” Stefen asked, tilting his head slightly as if viewing Tony from another angle would piece it all together for him.
“Is Artur going to be okay father?” he heard Maria ask meekly as he rose with Artur in his arms, and Tony was grateful when the captain stooped to pick the little girl up and press a kiss to her hair.
"Captain!" Tony barked before he could stop himself. Of course this man was not Captain Rogers - the man he’d nearly run over in his haste had been an Adonis and this fellow was far from it - and he had just made a fool of himself in front of, what? The butler? Wonderful. If he kept up to this standard he'd be fired by dinner.
Schmidt’s eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed in calculation as he considered Stark for a long moment. “Yes. I had heard his only child had entered a monastery. And now you teach children? Surely there was a place for you in your father’s business?”
“There's always gonna be a war. You don't always gotta be in the middle of it.” The coffee sloshed as he picked up the cup to take another sip, droplets over spilling the porcelain rim. “Ever since we were kids” he finished with a slurp and a mutter.
The woman’s muffled scream aborted as his arm pressed against her neck. She stared at him with wide terrified eyes already full of tears. They weren’t so cloudy that he couldn’t see his reflection in them, looming over her like the beast from all her nightmares. He hated her a little in that moment. This gadje girl with her soft buttermilk skin, who stood safely on the same ground his brother had been chased from, fleeing for his life.
“Just get in the damn water with him, zaldat. Stark can't save all seven of them if they drown.”
The powerful vehicle and the speed and confidence with which she handled it, all while looking like a doll was a potent combination. Tony found her almost aggressively attractive, and the realization was strangely comforting. It felt good to feel the flush of desire uncomplicated by history, fear, or heartache. Was it such a crime to allow himself to revel in that simplicity?
Tony made to move past him and exit, but it was exactly the wrong move to make. James Bakhuizen was many things but tame was not one of them.
“I will get those off you if you promise not to scare Patroche. He can’t take much agitation.” The woman repeated, leaning toward him.
He heard the crack of the bat, hitting frail bone. Herd one of the girls, Maria he thought, let out a horrified gasp but he couldn’t look at any of them.  Those dark spots were dancing in front of his eyes and Tony kept hearing those officers from his childhood cursing Yinsen as they beat him into the ground.
The only one who didn't seem happy about the change was Tony and Péter felt bad enough about his tutor’s obvious disappointment that it almost made him consider stopping. Tony hated the Nazis. He thought they were terrible people. He'd outright said it a few times, which Péter wished he wouldn't do. They were all encouraged at their programs to report on adults who contradicted the things they were learning, who confused or troubled them with strange ideas.
Next to the man Steve’s two eldest stiffened, shooting each other nervous glances.
Bucky smacked his cheek and thankfully the urge disappeared and that strange overwhelming hunger for touch he’d felt coiled back up into his chest.
As Steve spoke, some of the tension winding tightly in Bucky’s shoulders eased.
He was really going to play, Tony’s thoughts echoed with awe. Pride swelled in his chest. He bit his lip, trying to control the insanely happy grin that wanted to take over his face.
Steve focused on them again just in time to see her chummily shove her spoon in her mouth, smiling right up to her eyes, and Tony still watching him. His smile had gone a bit sad, and far too knowing for Steve's comfort.
“Your drawers. Take them off.”
"Right." They were going to assassinate the Fuhrer.
"But I think he ratted us out, cause we were about an hour from the border when a patrol stopped the train and demanded to see everybody's papers. We had to jump from the luggage car."
Natacha, who taught them dance and whom Tony was sure would shoot a pistol without flinching, did not care what the other girls thought and her father certainly didn’t, but by his silence he encouraged everyone to believe he did.
Most days Steve prayed for numbness, and most days those prayers went unanswered. There was no coping with the pain, just living through it. Long agonizing stretches of life that were only distinguishable from each other by the level of pain he was in. The worst moments came not when they pumped him full of chemicals that brought burning waves, melted his bones, and turned his brain into an angry swarm of hornets; but in the aftermath, when he was left to recuperate, his body feeling like it had plunged into ice and every nerve scraped raw until the press of air against his skin became an agony.
“And do you like to sing Maria?” Frauline Van Dyne asked and the girl nodded eagerly.  She opened her mouth to say something but fell silent as a shadow fell over her.
Tony wondered if they saw now. If they were all lying awake in their beds at night as he was, wondering who the beast would turn its eye to next once it had finished chewing.
“Tony,” Steve called at his disappearing back, wincing at the snap of irritation in his tone. He didn’t know what he was irritated
Deciding the way forward is an impossible choice for Tony and Steve, but the escalating fight in Europe won't let them sit with it for long.
“He’s not on the Abwehr’s radar.” Coulson confirmed with a furrowed brow. “But why would an old man take this sort of risk?”
Why not? People looked at Bucky and saw difference and a reason for suspicion. They looked at Steve and saw their ideals. Even though he and Bucky shared the same blood (same people) fate had given Steve his very own disguise in the face of a gadjo.
If anything Steve liked it more. It made Tony seem partly undressed and Steve couldn’t help but imagine getting him the rest of the way there. He’d start with the jacket. Nice as it was, it would be nicer to let the thing slide to the floor of the car and run his hands over the silk shirt beneath, feel Tony’s strong shoulders and the fluttering pulse in his neck.
them.”
“I’m looking at you and it’s like I can see your Ma standing there. You’re growing up too fast. I know you probably think you’re already there – ” Bucky cut himself off with a grunt and a curse, shoving a hand through his hair as he took a deep breath. Natacha stayed still, unsure what was happening, only that he did not seem to be angry with her. He wasn’t looking at her with the fear and disgust she kept imagining on her father’s face.
"In theory?" Péter questioned, voice climbing high at the end and Tony nodded his head.
“She was at school, and when she came to visit her
Steve heard Bucky calling after him but Steve didn’t pause in his march toward the music room, too focused on his target: that target being one disobedient, impertinent, fool of a monk who’d wish he’d never heard the name of Captain Rogers by the time Steve was through with him if he learned that he’d harmed so much as a hair on one of the children. And Steve would get the truth from him if he had to wring it out of his neck to do it.
Their father hoisted Artur higher on his hip and turned back toward the house, gesturing for him and James to follow. “Come inside, boys. There is something important I have to tell you.”
It wasn’t the explanation that drained Tony’s anger and left him feeling wrung, because that remained ridiculous (the idea that Artur could hurt his sister in such away over something as silly as a pet frog he’d owned for all of a few hours infuriating). It was the way Artur sobbed the word leave as if all he knew was the sting of abandonment (as if everyone he’d ever loved had left him).
for them all in the morning before they left. The warm savory breadsticks, spiced and salted, were always delicious, especially when dipped in the yogurt sauce Rachel was envied for.
While Tony had never known the taste of victory to be anything but sweet he had learned quickly and early on that, however sweet it could sometimes be, it could be just as fleeting. Such was the case that evening, when the captain had departed with a stiffness in his step and left Tony with seven pairs of assessing eyes looking up at him from little faces.
A heavy hand landed on Tony’s shoulder and gave it pat.
Tony expected to hear screaming by the time he reached the boys room, but to his surprise besides some excited chatter, the flurry of trunks being dragged about and drawers scraping open, all was relatively calm on the second floor.
“It’s yours to oversee.” Lt. Stevens corrected him with a reproachful glare. “Everything that belonged to the Major belongs to the state now and you’d be wise to learn not to bite the hand that feeds you.”
Monk or not, the man cut a dashing figure in his jacket and tails, plus one mention of the name Stark and the ladies of this particular circle got a whiff of money which in their eyes made any man interesting. But Stark and the children did not leave the captain’s side for so much as a moment despite every hint or opportunity thrown his way and the captain did not seem to mind this. If anything the closeness seemed to help him relax, the two men sharing quips and quick banter in so familiar a fashion it was hard not to feel something of a third wheel.
“Ian, wait!” James called, running over to grab onto the back of his shirt.
“Don’t irritate me Stefen, and that stupid game is rigged. Just admit it!”
“Yes." she continued gently." After your father and I have married we’ll all be leaving for Switzerland. It will be an adventure.”
“Sir, I maintain that we should be ready and waiting for -”
And with that resolve in place it occurred to him to remember that Stefen had taken the other children away for the day and had likely not yet returned, if the quiet of the house was anything to go by.
“I know you’ve got your own family to look after, but If you make it out of this and I don’t, you’ll look in on Nina and Anton Won’t you?” Kroger’s voice was flat as if he were asking after the time. “Victoria can take care of herself, but I’d like to know someone was there to make sure. Nina won’t listen to a stepmother. She’s already sour that Victoria insisted she go to the Bride School. I know my girl, she’s not ready for marriage. She’s not like your child-”
Kirk’s eyebrows crawled upward. All of the joviality he’d entered the pub with had bled away. He was assessing Bucky now with keen intelligence, and it was enough to remind Bucky that for all of Kirk’s wiles he was still a dangerous man to cross.  Kirk, a healthy decade older than Bucky, had lived through his share of wars by now, but he’d not married it the way some men did (the way Steve had). He’d retired from the navy but hadn’t been able to leave the sea behind. He sailed under an English trading company and knew just about every stretch of water from the North Sea to the Black.
It was the silence that was truly the worst so Tony did what he could to fill it. Before the discovery of the radio that had primarily involved organizing and taking stock of their tools and supplies. The lodge, though small, was well outfitted for an old bachelor retreat. There was no kitchen to speak of, just an old trough sink under the window, a long table and some cabinetry where Tony fond a few dusty spice jars and a mothy bag of flour. Not much in the way of pots and pans, just a big iron pot and a few smaller bent ones made of cheap tin. It looked like Phillips did most of his cooking over the fire. There was a baking stone sat on top a detachable iron grate within the fireplace at an ideal height to smoke meat, and several notches where the height could be adjusted. There was also a bar with a hook on it near the top to hang the big iron pot.
Ian pushed the thought away and the rising annoyance at James with a vengeance. With Tony here now there was someone there at the other end of his long thinks. He didn't mind being alone but it wasn't the same as being lonely. Being alone was simple enough to stop when you wanted, but Ian found he could be lonely in a room full of people and never knew how to make it stop.
“Gentlemen please, there is a lady present.” Tony gasped in mock horror.
The wooden post he was tied to groaned in protest as the ropes pulled against it, and Steve had a fleeting moment to be glad there was enough give in the rope that he hadn’t jerked his arms out of socket falling over like that. But then he remembered the eyes, no doubt those of his captor, and all of his thoughts were consumed with impotent rage. It burned through his veins and into the back of his throat. Caught. He was caught, again. Steve bellowed, an aggrieved roar, his entire body trembling as he struggled to regain leverage and lunge at the threat. So close. He’d been so close.
"Your father is right." Tony said, over the children's protests, and the table fell quiet once more. Steve blinked at him, surprised to find Tony of all people in his corner.
Well, there was
He smiled as he worked, the familiar words of the old song taking him back: to being young, to festivals hand in hand with a pretty girl (his heart beating like a hummingbird, eyes stuck on painted lips in nervous anticipation) to long walks back from factories (coming over the hill and seeing the campfire, smelling the food cooking in the big pot, hearing the ghels singing and the uncles playing their instruments as the others worked, feeling his heart lighten enough to take another tired step toward home Bucky’s arm slung over his shoulder in steady support).
“Are you sure? I don’t want to force you Tony, but I’m prepared to.” Stanislov looked poignantly to their friend in the corner, who smiled and shifted his suit jacket just enough to reveal the hilt of his pistol.
“Oh hang it,” she stood suddenly and turned to Stefen.
**Please see the notes at the end of the fic for a message regarding future updates.**
Finished, Bucky slid down the rest of the incline, his boots crunching in the snow as he approached the major’s fallen form, only to see that Henrick had already gone still, his eyes staring lifelessly upward at the clear sky peeking through the canopy.
Tony may have asked it, or maybe Steve just asked himself. Maybe Tony was in the middle of cursing his name, Steve didn’t know. He saw his mouth moving but he couldn’t hear anything over the roaring in his ears. That pressure inside kept swelling. The dark tangled web of emotion growing larger and larger within his chest, constricting his lungs and making it harder and harder to breathe.
Bucky pulled her against his chest and ushered her through the servant’s door into the dining room and Natacha went, like a log carried down river.
“I don’t know. I don’t know. Please. Please don’t hurt me!”
“Why the police captain, he has been assassinated. Didn’t you hear the broadcast?”  Steve nearly fell over, his eyebrows climbing up into his hat as the man went on. “It happened just after sunset, right in the square. One minute he was standing and the next, dead, shot in the chest. What is the world coming to?”
“Am I? I thought I was once...” Stefen trailed off despondently and Tony, finished with his feet, sat up and slid his hands up the captain’s calves, massaging the tight muscle he found there as he considered what to say.
He maneuvered his bike around a thick crowd of people who were attempting to tear down a storefront, his eyes straining over their heads for a glimpse of the Behringer Music Hall where Tony and the children were meant to be practicing with Nigel. People swarmed around him like irritated hornets, knocking into his bike, grabbing onto him as he slowed down to keep from trampling them.
Tony nodded grimly in agreement, gritting his teeth. Czechoslovakia was already lost. Next undoubtedly would be Poland, and maybe that would be the final spark that lit the war. It was coming either way. Maybe in months, maybe in weeks. Maybe in hours.
"I won't leave you, not even to die. I won't leave."
“Promise me!” he insisted and Péter swallowed, his shoulders drooping as he replied, his voice shaking. “I promise.”
"Take care of them Tony.  Keep them safe. Promise me, please.” Stefen urged, and Tony could see it in his eyes. The goodbye. He couldn’t bring himself to swear it. Not the way that Stefen wanted to hear it. The words would have felt like too much of an echo of that horrible, awful, goodbye in his eyes, and Tony refused to say goodbye. Instead, Tony grabbed Stefen by his collar and yanked him into a desperate kiss. Stefen made a wounded noise and immediately grabbed him up, pulling Tony in tight to his chest and devouring his mouth like it was the last time he’d ever get to do it. Tony tried to ignore it, tried instead to memorize the way it felt and make the moment last just a little bit longer, a low desperate moan escaping him as the kiss deepened into something almost savage.
There was something in Stanislov’s tone, some nuance that Tony couldn’t put his finger on that sent tension winding up his spine. He was reminded that as well as a good showman Stanislov had always been sharp, always good at ferreting out weakness and ways to get over on the opposition. Stanislov already knew Tony’s biggest weakness. Whatever game they were playing now, he had the advantage and they both knew it. Tony would have to step very carefully, at least until he figured out the rules.
“You should see it,” the General chuckled. “Little Hans squeaking, trying to find any way to outwit the cat, the cat playing with him until he leaps for the finale pounce.”
“Who is Billy Beutlin?” Tony asked for clarification and surprisingly it was Coulson who answered him.
That was a safe enough subject Steve decided. Sort of.
“Well you see, I’m not alone. My brother Péter is here with his group.” Natacha interrupted his silly braying with an apologetic smile.
“There are so many interesting things out there. Wouldn’t you children rather learn something else?”
"I'm glad to be able to tell you it has been decided that you will be given into the care of your mother's kin, the Countess VonSchrader, and returned promptly to your programs within the BDM and HJ." Péter looked to Natacha with excitement and relief, because they weren't to be separated after all, but Natacha wouldn't look away from Frauline Werner who was watching their mixed reactions with consideration.
"Yes..." Tony swallowed slowly as he fought to drag his brain out of the mud (he was a monk after all not a saint). "Yes, with a bit of coco and rum. Willamina is a treasure."
“You knew.”
Dvorak fired wildly at Rogers back, striking trees and snow around the fleeing man with deadly precision, mentally tallying his remaining bullets.  He was ignored by the general and the oncoming soldiers. Schmidt lead the charge in the first car. Dvorak could hear him screeching over the radio.
“Rude.” Stark said into the silence after a pregnant pause. “That's what that was. Rude.”
Steve was anxious, and irritated that Péter was still pulling these childish bouts of rebellion, but he did what he could to let it go. He’d have a talk with him when he got home. Truthfully, Steve was hurt that Péter hadn’t just asked him. He’d hoped that things had changed between them enough that Péter would trust him enough to know he wouldn’t refuse to let him see Harry anymore.
Their stares made Péter want to crawl out of his skin or start shouting at someone about how unfair it was (how stupid it all was) but he couldn't do that. Couldn't do anything to stop all of this or to help himself except-
Péter blinked. Tony hadn’t even turned around. Never once had Herr Stark dismissed him so thoughtlessly, as if he couldn’t even see Péter. That was more his father’s style. Herr Stark didn't turn around as he climbed the stairs.
“There's nobody stronger than I am.”
"You need to eat, to keep getting better." She finally said, twisting her hands under the table, where she likely thought he couldn't see. He heaved a sigh, as if the prospect of making a point to eat a full breakfast was as wearisome as he'd often found it even before he'd been poisoned. Tony hadn't said anything, but Steve knew who was responsible. He had a plethora of enemies that might want to off him, but his dysfunctional eating habits did help make poison an unviable option.
"It'll be okay." he murmured, glad she couldn't see the tears in his eyes. But he should have known Tacha would know they were there anyway.
“Loki is right, Thor.” Siv interjected before the golden haired prince could object, and though his expression reminded Steve of James at his most petulant, Thor headed to her. They seemed to share a wordless conversation through looks for a moment before Siv nodded and looked back at Steve.
Still he smiled to the young woman, lifting a hand to catch her attention and gesturing to the empty seat across from him. She smiled gratefully and made her way toward his table, apologizing to the boy and his grandmother when she accidently brushed the old woman with her bag as she passed.
The cold woke Tony with a shiver. For a moment he lay in the dark, wondering at the chill within but then his focus was captured by the feeling of Stefen's body trembling against his. Small tremors shook his body where it was pressed against Tony's back.  Turning in the bed to look at him Tony's chest clenched at the sight of the captain’s hands clutching white knuckled at the sheets, his face deeply lined with tension as his mouth clenched and twitched, chased by nightmares. Stefen shivered violently and Tony sprang into action. It was horribly cold within the room. Cameron must have been late to feed the furnaces that morning.
He mentally chided. He refused to let himself dwell on the prospect of the train arriving without Bucky and the children. It was a notion he couldn't even entertain while maintaining his sanity.
Steve dropped his head into his hands and cut off a groan that was entirely different from any of the sounds he’d made when he’d been desperate to come. He bit down on his lip but barely felt the sting over the fierce ache in his chest.
"Here bambina put this on." Tony draped his own coat over her shoulders, and she smiled again, gratefully, the garment pooling around her dramatically.
He cleared his throat and feeling somewhat left footed made a stab at humor.
“Fraulein Darcy, has my one o’clock arrived yet? It’s nearing quarter after.”
Tony took a seat carefully. Though both men had been sat up here for most of the afternoon it didn’t look as if they’d touched much of the cake, and if the crumbs littering Bakhuizen’s plate were anything to go by he’d eaten the majority of what had been touched.
"I don't think he has a hand in it. Here is the route we’ll be taking. I’ve circled the stop where the Kindertransport boards the train headed west. "
“What- I don’t know what you mean?”
Steve sloshed warm water over Artur's neck and shoulders, careful to keep the water off of his head. The air in the bathroom was thick and steamy, perfumed with the scent of lavender from a box of salts that Tony had found in the linen cupboard.
“She means when Natacha is married darling,” she whispered in his ear, loud enough for the benefit of the others, and there was more giggling as Steve’s expression blanched.
“Stark! Do you want to tell me why I just had to prevent Brother Tiberius from bringing the police to my doorstep in the middle of the night?!” the man in the black robes barked. The path wasn’t well lit but Péter could see that his skin was black. It wasn’t that, but rather the raised scars around one glinting nearly opaque eyeball, that had Péter gaping unattractively at the man.
Tony dropped the key down a bathroom drain the first chance he got and prayed his steel would hold up.
“Fine, thank you.” Stark answered. “Ian here had a question about last night.”
There was a shuffling sound next to him and Steve let his eyes drift open to half-mast.
he could do. Relished with a strange sort of relief. He would have to go for the head or throat. Strike quick and hard, enough not just to down him but keep him out for hours. Steve could hide his body behind the sofa, go straight to the children, get out before anyone realized -
, Tony began to realize, was a young girl, wounded and grieving, left on her own to cope. And god, it wasn’t over yet was it? Tony thought of the last letter they had received from their correspondent at SIS, which had so coldly informed them that there was no place for children on a battlefield. Relying on the resistance would mean splitting the family up again. And though Tony wanted very much to find another way, he knew there was a good chance that even if he found it there would be no stopping the captain.
She could see that Stefen was about to leap on the chance to excuse themselves, the relief and profound gratitude that flashed through his eyes, and she could not say why she did what she did, only that the look had pierced through her belly like a sharp needle and she was speaking before she knew it.
“Danke, Frauline.” He closed the door pointedly in the young woman’s face and then frowned down at the tray in his hands.
"Encore!" Tony called out and Stefen’s eyes met his again, one eyebrow arching.
Still, Tony could understand the public’s propensity to propel man into myth. Eighteen, nearly eighty pounds soaking wet, and so small you could step on him the skinny recruit that no officer in less desperate times would have handed a gun let alone stamped for approval, had saved the lives of his battalion and that of his commanding officer Oberst Philips. A David facing off against the Goliath of the Italian forces; proof of the superiority and strength of good German blood.
“Better?” Khalmmer asked from somewhere near the sofas.
His lip curling Steve clawed at the damp stone underneath him, scraping his fingers until they ached. But no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t seem to push himself up. It didn’t stop him from trying.
Stefen’s eyes flickered underneath their lids, just as restless as the rest of him but he didn't wake, his body pulling him down to continue the arduous task of healing. Tony carded his fingers through Stefen’s hair thinking to himself with a half-smile that it was certainly getting shaggy. It wasn’t so light, now that the sun was a thing of the past. Gypsy brown peeking through aryn gold and laughing at them all. Some would call it tarnished. Tony thought it was beautiful. But he’d have to shave him sometime soon, the course stubble he was sporting was an inch away from becoming prickly beard, and that wasn't going to sit well with Stefen.
There was a scab on her right knee, well into healing.
Distantly he thought his lungs must be grateful for the respite, but all he could see was the bruised red of Stefen’s lips and the desire in his eyes as the captain loomed over him, one hand braced against the couch arm for support as his hungry gaze tracked the heave of Tony’s chest as he struggled for breath.
You're all lovley. Stay golden.
“I deserve that house after all the years I’ve spent keeping it up! I-”
“We can’t wait around for god to solve this one Bruce. Frankly I don’t know how someone as smart as you are ever bought into the fantasy.”
"Perhaps you should lay down then." Pepper suggested without much pity, because she was a cruel woman when she wanted to be.
Tony was not naïve enough to think that whoever had sent the transmission had any say in whether or not the British or anyone else would move to stop Hitler. But the men at the Castle had heard. They knew the truth about what Hitler was doing and that truth might make it to the right ears. It was a small hope, but certainly better than nothing.
Did he keep elephants upstairs?
Kneeling down to his eye level Tony gently reminded Artur that Péter was away at school, but Artur wasn’t about to let the matter drop so easily.
Huh? Péter stared after the man as he disappeared into the shadows around the church building in confusion. He heard Tony call the man a bastard under his breath, but then whatever spell had held him before broke and he turned to the door with the keys in his hand and urged Péter to hurry.
"I hope he didn’t let his father see him."
“Upstairs. The girl wasn’t feeling well.” Grig answered and Steve pried Ian’s grip loose, running toward the stairs. He vaulted them two at a time until he’d reached the top, calling out before he’d even reached the door.
Harold Hogan twitched a smile at him.
Well, really Ian looked at his chest because his father looked impossible tall up there, but now that they were closer Ian could see that even though Da was standing at attention, his eyes were dead set on them, looking right at Ian.
"Nobody here is a rebel." Turning back to Tony he infused his words with confidence and command. "Nevertheless, it will stay up here and no one is to speak of it again. Make sure Péter understands."
Bucky stared at her a long moment, unblinking, before shrugging and heaving a sigh. "Ah hell, let her call me by my name Stevie. It's my name isn't it?"
