She gasps. “When were you planning on telling me?”
“Hey, buddy, you ready for breakfast?”
“I'm… I'm glad you and Tony are still friends,” he admits, smiling at the way Tony's fingers close around his wrist. “I don't think Peter would be as well-adjusted if you weren't. He’s a great kid, smart as Hell, but if you and Tony weren’t so close, I doubt he’d be so confident.”
“We’ll discuss this later. Please, Tony,
“I can,” announces Steve; he lets Coulson help him to his feet then moves to stand beside Natasha. “She was with me the entire time. There’s also twenty four-hour monitoring on every room in this tower. We’d be more than willing to show you the footage.”
Steve keeps himself still as Tony nears, his shoes scraping against stone. The sketchbook Steve brought lies neglected in his lap. He'd chosen this place because of his Ma, a hidden little garden they'd found on their last trip out of the city before she'd gotten sick. There's not much there beyond grass and groups of flowers, honey bees floating from one cluster to another, their buzzing melodic on the gentle breeze.
“Do you and Pepper have meetings where you plan what you're going to say to me? Because she said that same thing.”
“Surely you've got some friends out ー out there?”
The week drags on, like time is wont to do when one has something they're excited about on their calendar. Steve goes home early on Friday afternoon, unable to concentrate on his comics because he's so easily distracted by thoughts of Tony and how he'd felt over Steve the night they started this dating thing. Steve had nearly jumped out of his skin at every little noise in the office, and the long walk back to the apartment had done little to get rid of all the nervous tension.
“Together.”
, Steve thinks at the sight of an arrow on Bucky’s left wrist. He forces a smile and goes to bed alone while his best friend prepares for an evening at the dance halls.
The man's brow raises; his mouth opens and closes a few times before he clears his throat."Tony. Now, come on, or Peter's liable to eat his own hands."
Steve shrugs. “I'm fine. Nothing’s broken, not even bruised.”
plays on the television, when the elevator dings quietly. Phil doesn’t pause in the act of massaging Steve’s feet, even as Sam, Natasha, and Clint turn away from the movie. Clint lets out a relieved groan; he tosses his hands in the air before he stands and crosses the room in five long strides.
“Steve, God, I, normally, you'd be the exact type of guy I'd go for ー beautiful but also so, so smart and funny and creative. I'd go for you, but I'd be so wrong for you, but I'd be too selfish to give a fuck about that. I would, believe me, you're exactly my type. But, I, I can't.” Tony swallows and stares at something over Steve's right ear even as he continues, the words like bullets, “I can't, and I'm so unbelievably sorry for it, Steve, I wish I could, but I just...can't.”
“Yup. Daddy says pipsk’eeks gotta be clean, so tonight is bath night.”
“SHIELD isn't SHIELD, though, Agent,” says Tony; it isn't threatening, it isn't even particularly forceful, it's simply a fact. “SHIELD has had HYDRA in its midst for, Hell, since its inception. You guys couldn't suss that out at any time during the last century. No offence, but how the hell can you assume HYDRA still isn't involved? These double-agents are very good at the long con, and you can never tell if they're genuinely on board with SHIELD, or if they're just waiting for the chance to do some damage from the inside out.”
As if overnight, the Avengers, Pepper, and Coulson are practically experts on pregnancy. Thor had gone back to Asgard with the letter Steve wrote to Frigga and returned with a rose-gold orb (“’Tis for the babe once they are born,” he declared as he handed it to Steve). Rhodey thought Tony was joking when told the news shortly after dinner; only when Pepper confirmed it did he believe it, but Tony knows Rhodey well enough to be aware that, until the baby is born, his best friend will continue to have a kernel of doubt. Tony regrets ever having pulled elaborate pranks on Rhodey.
Tony is quiet for a moment, his eyes narrowed as he studies Steve closely; finally, he nods, one succinct dip of his chin. “Not bad, Steven. But yeah, this morning was a mess, and I feel really bad about everything. Peter was panicking, I was trying not to yell at him because I was pissed at you, it was… Quite frankly, it was an experience I’d rather not ever repeat, thank you. He, uh, he really likes you watching him.”
“That's fine.”
“Okay, it’s now been… three and a half hours, and I’ve spent the last two of those in a meeting, or I’d have called sooner. Anyway. You’re probably asleep right now since it’s, what, midnight there? God, time zones fucking suck. I’m going to assume that’s why you haven’t called back, because any other possible explanation is just… yeah, it’s painful to even consider, so I won’t give those possibilities a chance to root themselves into my brain. Look, Pep’s yelling at me, well, not really, but she is doing that thing with her eyes that says she’d be yelling at me if she wasn’t so much of a composed badass. I, uh, I’ll call you later.”
, beyond the cold numbness that his mother’s death has caused. He doesn’t even feel selfish right now, even though he’s leeching strength and comfort from Tony. He feels like he's at home, wrapped in security and safety.
“This beautiful little one needs a name,” Sherri reminds them softly.
It’s a stretch of deep navy, almost black, speckled with stars toward the top. A big moon hovers above the fourteen Disney-style people – every member of their family from the Avengers to Pepper, Rhodey and Coulson, Eira and Havardr, Frigga and even Loki; a blank space glares from its place between the art versions of Steve and Loki, and he doesn’t even need to read the word
"We agreed, a long time ago, Tony. No more."
And with that, gathered his resolve to confess, apologize and explain the mess he’d snarled and tangled, in his head and two more points knotted up down a rope through his middle.
“but I’m married.”
Frankly, Steve admired Tony a whole lot -- ok, it was fair to say he was a little sweet on the guy. But he'd say it to himself only, not to Tony or anyone else. It was private, a tiny ball of light he could enjoy keeping tucked away next to his own heart.
A sweet set of nibbles later, Tony murmured softly, "Dance with me, Steve?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony hastened away, ignoring Steve calling his name, other than to call back over his shoulder: "Burn those."
Here, too, they knew how to tilt and glide, mingling their mouths warm and mellow, banked to a gentle glow.
Tony was proud to see the others respectfully roll back and wheel away to occupy themselves, leaving an unobstructed view of Steve facing DUM-E. Steve slid his shield from his arm and lowered it toward DUM-E's wheeled platform. "I could use a place to set this -- do you think you could hold it for me?"
On one hand, Steve thought it a shame to hide the beautiful hardwood, but it wasn't a permanent installation, not tacked down or damaging in any way, and he couldn't deny that their new addition, with its silky tassels and striking pattern, added some real pizzazz to the room.
"It's called 'cockwarming,'
No... He had done better -- he had to have. And even if he was still wrong, Tony was a creator, a builder, and that also meant being a re-builder, a fixer, ferreting out flaws, finding and setting things right. If he'd somehow broken the faith and trust of his (big) little bot, he could only hope it wasn't too late to repair and restore his self-worth.
that doesn't ring a bell? Or were you faking it? Because the half-gallon of--" Tony rose to a knee-stand and jabbed him, hard, striking unerringly with one finger for the unpadded line of sternum right between his pecs. "--steaming super-soldier smoothie you shot down my throat said I was ringing yours fit to crack it like the one in Philadelphia!"
“Here’s to getting schooled.” He lifted his glass in a toast, and took the last sip of his drink, wetting his lips but keeping his tongue pitched to the dry side of neutral. “Not a professor, though. I’m just kind of a history buff.”
"I am content to remain wholly discorporeal as I am, sir, as I do believe I would make a very unpleasant supervillain."
At the base of Steve's spine, tension was beginning to coil, and he pulsed and uncurled in Tony's mouth. Tony swallowed around him, resettling his jaw, humming quietly where Steve's cockhead now rested against the back of his throat.
Palm up, he two-fingered her in a mellow rhythm -- in, and scissor them around, and back till just before the tips would pop out -- and then the same with three. He could probably have given her his dick anytime then, but it was just so soft-walled and clinging inside there, and she was twisting and turning and screwing herself down on him, all choked up and cursing in strings of “harder, fuck, more,” and “ream me out, damn you,” and wordless grunts and whines, so he got a little pushy, and slipped in number four.
Finally straightening, he unbuttoned his shirt sleeves and rolled them back exactly twice over each forearm. He glanced up. Yeah. He had Starla’s undivided attention. Her pink tongue swiped out along her upper lip, then dawdled at the corner. Her lipstick was unmarred, the expensive stuff. By the time he was done, he’d have her chewing it off herself.
"Yeah, Tony?"
"I told you, Steve" Tony hissed. "I know
“Perhaps I am,” she said, wistfully. A smile was never supposed to be so sad. She looked like the spirit had gone out of her. “And you’re just too pure to be real. It does mean something, coming from such a stalwart. But I’m afraid you still have me at a disadvantage, my dear. Last I heard, introductions are a courtesy most typically returned--”
“Sorry to break it to you, but we’re two hundred years, plus, past the Oklahoma Land Rush, and also, not in Oklahoma. So if you wouldn’t mind?” He flicked his eyes down and then over, highlighting the two tracts of contested territory.
The one thing he missed, among cremes and conditioners, exfoliants, rinses and scrubs, was the simplicity of a bar of soap. Call him old-fashioned (after all, he was), but don't say he hadn't been willing to try. Tony always made him feel adventurous.
He shifted his attention -- most of it -- back to the television, but left his hand resting on Tony's head.
Clint shut his mouth and turned to go, looking dejected. Tony took that as the cue for his dismissal as well, and fell in a few feet behind Clint, shuffling toward the door, only to be pursued by Steve's voice plaintively calling his name.
Steve might buy it of the Stark he saw in scandal mags, the gossip rags -- be they broadcast or in print, they were hard to avoid, especially when, he was a little bashful to admit, his attention so easily snapped to any mention or glimpse of Tony. There was no question, no denying, and in his mind, he wasn't even trying, that the man, in name or likeness, as in person, turned his head.
The bot gave a long, dubious, descending beep, and the aperture of his lens went half-shuttered.
"Hanging a little lower than they used to, aren't they, old man. Guess that goes for all of you." Tony abused Steve's sack once more, with a sharp tug, and then shifted up to his cock, gripping and tugging up from base to tip there, too.
“Fuck, it’s good, so good,” she rasped. “You close? You gotta be, so huge all the way up in me, feels like you keep getting bigger and harder like one of those pump-up fuck toys.”
She shot him a sidelong glance, but he kept his poker face, unwilling to reveal whether that had been a slipup or a deliberate provocation. “Lead the way” evidently denoted placing her hand in the small of his back and escorting him across the restaurant floor, all but emptied out at this point, till they reached the kitchen corridor.
"Fuck, ah,
"He promises he will keep it safe, Captain," JARVIS translated, reinforcing with words the already markedly distinct bot-y language.
"Never mind, Steve, sorry."  He scrubbed a forearm across the lower part of his face, wiping away the remaining spit-shine. "I just wanted to try something new and nice for you. Thought it might be relaxing. You work hard, you play hard--"
“Not that you aren’t a real catch,” --
“Even if I were amenable, I’m here to meet someone on business. They’ll be here any minute, and I can’t be found, ah, flirting.” He struggled to remain tactful while holding a steely edge that should dissuade any further overtures.
"Oh, of course. As always, your word is only as good as your convenience. Should have called it 'Expedience 3.0.'"
The water, too, made things rub and catch, more friction than slick, and the burn was doing it for him, building and driving him higher, wiring him through and through with whipcord silver. Panting and striving for it, his chest heaved, his fist flew, he hovered on the edge, hanging, holding,
The shrill voice of grievously wronged Kyla, or was it Twyla, on the screen, faded into the background as he concentrated more on staying still and centering his focus on the way Tony was making him feel. Tony was rarely wrong, at least when it came to sex, so if he thought Steve should get some enjoyment from this, then there was probably something to it that he'd missed the first time around.
"Steve...?"
"No, you don't. You don't get to try to make this better, talk it into a silver lining."
The fantasy wasn't for sale, though, regardless of price. The reality was Tony, blind and passive, and Steve, passionless as an automaton, moving inside him.
So good, Tony was
“It’s all right, I know you’re not shooting me down, just making it a challenge. A merry chase.”
His thumbs pulled her open, and his shaft sank in along the length of her crack like his hand from before, only now it was her sweaty, fleshy cheeks he was squeezing together around his thick cock.
And now it was too late to say “no thank you,” and he’d forgotten the “no ice,” and the bartender was already setting a fresh drink in front of each of them, and the glasses were sweating with condensation, and so was he.
Tony chattered on as if his voice were continuing the arrested motion of his feet. His rollicking babble was pleasant and relaxing, too.
That bamboo wasn’t going to be anything like enough to brace her, but no matter; his muscles weren’t just for the gym. He’d hold her exactly where he needed her.
He shoved the image down, rubbed his thumb along the shell of Tony's ear, and drank in the sound of his greedy whine.
"You're right, Tony, me too. I think it's exactly what I've been looking for. I didn't even realize how much I've needed a--"
"Oh, sugarbear, honeypuff, that whole thing about not seeing each other the day of the wedding is nothing but an old wives' tale -- and if you hadn't noticed, there's not a
Hollow as it was, he felt his climax trigger Steve's, felt him clench and pulse. Steve barely paused before pulling out with a muttered "sorry," and moving away, leaving Tony to groan to himself and curl down into a shaky ball, half in his own wet spot, feeling the pull of strained, sore muscles. Lube dribbled out onto the sheets, and he hoped, hysterically, that they had good alien stain-guard, and then thought, fuck the aliens, and then thought about their DNA, and the bad idea of leaving bodily fluids behind.
He swallowed hard.
"I'm sorry if I couldn't live up. Probably better to have the disappointment over now, than before we... made the mistake of dating, or anything." It was hard to say the words for what might once have had a chance to be. "You're a great guy, Steve. A real catch. You'll find someone who can love you back the way you deserve."
For the moment.
He found though, that if he stopped thinking about it so much, words could be a lot like figuring the angles of his shield. They’d jumble and bounce around, rearrange themselves and rebound, returning as something he could pick up and toss back, something quirky or off the wall that would make Tony eye him sideways or share a chuckle.
The look Steve gave him contained questions, but he held them in, nodding. "Sure." He raised his voice again. "Hang on, DUM-E, I'll be right over."
When they broke off, Tony left a soft, scratchy nibble at the corner of Steve’s mouth, smiling all the way to his eyes, and then tucking back under Steve's chin like he was planning to stay a while. Steve considered. Temperature wasn’t too hot or cold, he didn't have to piss, and he could get by for a while before his stomach would be shrieking at him to shovel down some calories. Yeah, he could stay right here. Tony would probably doze. Steve probably wouldn't, but it just meant he wouldn't miss anything.
He let her self-indulgent byplay slide right on past, ready to shake her hand, see her on her way, and ideally, have a precious minute or two to regroup before he had to make much more genteel conversation with a respectable lady.
Tony's eyes narrowed, apprising. Good. Steve couldn't stomach that kicked-puppy cower. Even -- especially -- when it was his own steel-toed boot that blundered into Tony's emotional underbelly. Tony was meant to be full of bite and bark and bravado, sly lip curled back to show teeth, and quick with a pointed snarl and snap.
Though not much of a wisecracker, Tony was articulate and incisive with language, as clever and quick with words as with everything else.
Full circle, in front of him once again. Infiltrating fingers slipped inside his waistband to rest against the tails of his shirt, just one cotton broadcloth layer away from his skin, and directly over the hot liquid swirl of arousal in his belly.
“Please, Tony, no sex in the limo.”
“Tony…”
“Sort of, but that’s okay. What’s up, Stevie?”
Tony hesitates but crosses the workshop to one of the computer bases. His fingers bring up multiple bright screens, and he moves them around a bit before he lets his hands fall to his sides. Neither man speaks for a long few minutes as Tony sits on one of the stools and drags a gauntlet and soldering iron closer to him. DUM-E, seemingly accepting the sad fact that he is no longer getting any attention from Steve, slowly wheels away with his claw hanging low to the ground.
“Goodnight, Tony.”
“Did you get him wet or feed him after midnight?”
“You decent, Cap?”
“I know, and I’m so sorry. But I’m here, I’m okay, I promise.”
Tony ignores the rest of what the AI is saying, opting instead to drop into his chair and let his head bang on the desk’s surface.
Tony makes a noise in the back of his throat. “Damn, you blush so beautifully, I wanna see what else makes you turn so red.”
JARVIS helpfully projects said footage onto a holoscreen; the feed is timestamped from the moment Natasha entered the communal floor at 8:23pm, moving at five-times speed until it reached 02:49am. Thankfully, Loki had stayed in his room all night. Having to explain why the god who’d tried to take over the world is in the tower would have been difficult. Even better, the police accepted both the video and “Ms Crawford’s” word, and turned to leave, apologising for the interruption and bidding them all a good day. The elevator doors slide shut, and Steve sighs a breath of relief.
Steve smiles wryly, without any humour. “I never thought I’d live long enough. Basically, a wife and children? Not on my list of priorities to worry about. It always seemed like it was too much to ask for on top of praying I’d either die to escape the pain of always being sick and my body trying desperately to give up, or that I’d somehow, miraculously, recover from the latest illness without issue.”
“It was one time!”
“It is a most wondrous honour, Captain. Thor speaks highly of you.”
“So why the dozen and a half calls?”
Tony barely manages to respond with “I love you, too, darling” before he’s asleep, warm and content and aware of just how incredibly fortunate he is in his life.
“You're late,” Clint announces in singsong as soon as Steve enters the office.
“Is it good?” Peter whispers down to Steve, his grip tightening slightly.
“But I think it’s time Blue went to someone else, a little boy who can love him and cuddle with him and give him a really great home. Think you can do that, Peter?”
“As long as you don’t let me become Howard.”
Steve accepts Tony’s kiss, smiles when they separate. “Pepper didn’t know if I’d had any clothes, so she brought me an outfit.”
“I will.”
“I'm ー I'm fine, JARVIS, promise.” Steve draws in a breath that does little to calm him before pushing himself to his feet. “Is anyone else up?”
A sick pain makes itself known as Steve stares down at the faded photograph of his best friend. He knows it’s been over seventy years since he lost Bucky, but it feels like less than one. It hurts so much. He slips the picture back into place between the pages and puts the book in the bedside drawer. There’s no doubt in Steve’s mind that tonight is going to be a rough one.
“Of course.”
“Yeah, yeah, I did. We’re gonna have a daughter.”
The woman grins widely, handing over two chunks of melon. “Here ya go. Enjoy!”
“Sir, without an appointment, I can't let you up. Please leave.”
Tony's head rolls on his neck, and he smiles over at Steve. “You really like this place, don't ya?”
Steve smiles sweetly in the glow of the arc reactor, but he doesn’t comment on the fact that Tony has, indeed, read all the parenting books that Steve’s brought into their home. “I’ve been scouring message boards and forums, and everybody was saying the sixteen– to twenty-two week timeline isn’t necessarily a
He pushed the pace, adding a quick snap at the end of his strokes, and varying it up with a hard grind every few. His lips pulled back in a snarl. She was getting it how she needed it, making chopped-off noises and clenching down around him each time he buried himself to the hilt and nailed her with a string of quick, jabbing thrusts before drawing back to his full length again.
Watching Tony react to the guidance and praise from someone he seemed to look up to as a teacher or mentor of sorts was a revealing study. He had the grace to look sheepish, yet also shyly pleased, the tiny uptick that curved his mouth nearly hidden as he bent his head, cupping his elbows in their opposite hands at his waist.
Something was wrong. Behind the faceplate, Tony felt his face screw itself up, grotesquely squeeze and twist, a thin tugging at the corners of his eyes and the back of his throat. Something?
Tony played with Steve's dick and balls some more, and at Steve's throat, he flexed and relaxed his bicep, creating an unpredictable, fluctuating pressure, drinking in the non-verbal reactions through his entire sensor array. It was nice to hold Steve like this, relishing the thrumming tension in his body, hearing his breathing grow louder and more labored. It always had been, but there was an extra piquancy to it now, while Steve's spirit was so unwillingly weak to what his flesh still longed for. Tony felt a wave of nostalgia.
"Fuck you, Tony. Don't try me. Not on this, I'm telling you--"
"C'mon, Tony, almost there, you gotta go, too."
Gut-punched with a new wave of arousal, his cock leapt back to life so fast it made his head spin. He took himself in hand, jacking mercilessly while he mouthed her through her orgasm till she was trembling and tucking her hips back and babbling out, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, enough, nomore…” in chunks like broken brickwork.
He looked up to see Tony kicking off his shoes and socks, and gesturing for Steve to do the same. "C'mon, it's one of the nicest things to feel between your toes, if you can't get green grass or beach sand," he cajoled in response to Steve's skeptical expression. Suiting action to words, Tony took a few steps toward the center of the carpet with a lusty sigh, the pile springing back unmarred behind his feet, and came to a stop, wriggling his toes in a manner that managed to be both playful and voluptuous.
He turned, taking them through the door where he'd first entered, into an area about twice the size of the lobby, but having a similar ambiance. Visible further back through yet another doorway was a room that made the industrial nature of the building more apparent -- a substantially larger, bare-walled space with exposed ductwork. The high ceilings, which Steve estimated at 20', allowed for the huge, thread-strung wooden frames that stood around the perimeter, bordering multiple large pieces of machinery. Amidst all of this, giant spools were wound with yarn of every vivid, pastel, and neutral tone imaginable, some of them attached and passing over, under, and through the various equipment, onto and off of massive rollers and miniature bobbins. With the many sets of strands each coming in from one angle and exiting at another, the whole works, to Steve's eye, resembled squared-off spiderwebs in marching formations.
Tony stepped away from Steve and strode over to fold the man's hand between his own in an effusive, but clearly gentle, clasp. Both their faces shone with smiles that made the corners of their eyes all crinkly, the older man's very much moreso, and Steve got a glimpse of what Tony might look like many decades hence.
Like every charismatic criminal, she hatched out her plots with the heinous voice of reason. Tell him, what man could resist her deviltry…
like my hot, wicked mouth wrapped around your hot, hulking manhood? That's not what you said last night.
"It's all fine, Steve, like you said. Always an Avenger with you. No hard feelings. Plenty of business to take care of, though. Still working on catching up from the, you know, unexpected 'weekend off.'" He tossed out a wave that tried to be jaunty and fell flat. "See you around."
DUM-E had been visibly down for days. Not mechanically. In a
"Mmm, got yourself between a nice little rock and hard place, then, don't you. Own up and admit your perverse, wicked desires, or admit defeat, knowing I've gotten the better of you, and you're powerless to stop me from taking what I want. Either way, I'm hot for it." He clamped down on the chokehold, and, in a corner of his mind, isolated and activated a switch.
to suck on her open ass, licking up her crack in broad, scouring stripes, and stabbing his tongue back in to clean her all out and play around in there.
A switch inside him flipped. Compliance to resistance, frustration to fight. It made no difference to Steve's relentless possession of his body. Tony bucked in his hold, and Steve clutched him tighter. Chin hooked over Tony's shoulder, Steve growled in his ear.
Steve moaned at the sight, and between his own legs, in the background, he throbbed in time. He closed his eyes once more, bringing Tony’s clean, salty taste to the fore of his senses, warm droplets of water renewing on skin with each bob of his head, and hot beads of heavier fluid trickling across his tongue.
He went stock-still, thighs buttressed and knees locked. His quivering abs pushed against her fingers with every quick, shallow breath, and his cock was rock hard, straining upward, the head probably an inch out of reach from bumping her hand.
Either way, he hadn't questioned when Steve had washed quickly, with something a little too cloying, from the bottle closest at hand, nor when Steve had cited a just-recalled training as cause to make haste in his exit.
His eyes burned and his balls ached and all this immobility ran counter to his every instinct, but Tony hadn't said he could move, and he wanted to crawl out of his skin, and he was spoiling for a--
Steve shrugged and stepped up to the truck's deck, easily assuming the weight of one end of the thickly banded roll and giving it a pull. As smooth as any of Steve's combat maneuvers with Iron Man, Tony looped his arms underneath the middle, helping support the length as Steve backed it out, till he bore the other end. The truck rolled off, driver leaving them with a jaunty wave out the window that Steve, facing that direction, could see, even though Tony, with his back to them, probably couldn't.
"That is what he suggested, sir."
...he had… not been expecting that. Steve held back a bubbling up of embarrassed laughter.
Apparently, though, that wasn’t her first stop.
"I like to
“Here we go, here it comes, you ready for this?” He gave her fair warning.
, it's good to see you!" Tony exclaimed, throwing in a few words in a language Steve wasn't sure of, but could guess to be the shopkeeper's native tongue.
He bent down to grab up the packets, bringing the square silver one to his teeth.
DUM-E whirred quietly, like a bird expressing disdain with a ruffling of feathers, but remained in place when Tony stood with a groan for stiff knees, dusting off his thighs and stepping quickly back toward the workbench.
Filthy and aching, stilted as ancient, aged men, they lurched into the Olympic-sized shower to wash away what would have been their life together.
What a mouth-watering, pretty picture. Full points for presentation. He’d wish for a camera, but he didn’t need it. She was clay for him to wet-sculpt, with his hands and his mouth and his cock.
Brightly lit with bare bulbs giving off a cool, blue-tinted tone, the restaurant was… about a quarter the size it appeared to be upon walking in, Steve realized, as he caught sight of his own double, and his vision compensated for the infinite-space effect of the mirrored back wall.
, girl shoulda been a damn boy scout; let’s see just how
Bracing her free hand on the edge of her seat, she leaned toward him, bringing their faces very close. He could appreciate the expensive subtleties of her scents -- a floral note, something enticingly tangy, and a touch of mint on her softly fanning breath. Oh, they were co-conspirators, now, sharing secrets.
His traitorous self felt regret, rather than the appropriate relief, at the abandoned caress. He was a selfish man, greedy for tokens he hadn't earned, even when he knew he'd forfeited any rights to having these wishes fulfilled.
, and, ok, good, eight-oh-three pm. Fair game.
Tony gave him a jaunty wave. "Morning, Cap. Oh, that's right, not Cap anymore. Well, always Cap to me. Here for another round of murder threats? Got some good ones? Hit me, your last set felt a little flat."
DUM-E's next series of sounds held a very determined note, but was not particularly comprehensible. Thankfully, JARVIS stepped in once more as translator. "He says he wants to try his best, sirs, but still thinks he could accomplish more with a second arm."
Funny how it's always Tony getting the blame, no matter the source.
Having now seen up close the intricate artistry, and thinking of the multitudes of hours involved in their creation, it seemed to Steve a shame to throw any of these on the floor to be trompled upon! But that was their purpose, he supposed, and that was the craft: masterful works of art that also served a practical and worthwhile function.
Hands banding her hips to hold her right where he wanted, he stretched his jaw and sealed his lips in a wide
Said yes, and taken it a step, a few light-years, further. Picked the spot, insisted on flying everyone out, made a... a pageant of it. Thrown his
He loathed himself all the more for substantiating the excuse.
“How’s that for a money shot, boss lady?”
At a lull, he finally glanced aside. "If you'll excuse me for a moment, Mistresses, I have a small matter to which I must attend."
It didn't help much when Tony started rattling off a string of numbers and fractions that after a few seconds, Steve put together as dimensions for a large rectangular area. At least their host could tell what Tony was talking about.
She hairy-eyed the restroom door, and the eating implement displayed in block white upon its placard, sighing loudly.
He could still… He cleared his throat. “Starla--”
"Arrrggghhh!" Clint banged his forehead with the heel of his hand, repeatedly. "Fine! I'll just say it! Did you guys bone, or what?!"
She turned away, and the moment was broken. He licked at the corner of his mouth, tasting the faintest trace of wax.
"Ah, I had asked him not to go running off. He's just trying to do what I asked, for once, recently. Why don't you just..."
All of it ran perfectly integrated in parallel with his organics, interfaced via extravagantly allocated bandwidth to his pleasure centers, lighting him up in a perfect feedback loop.
They made their way back into the lobby, and Steve took a seat, sinking into a heavy, cushioned armchair that seemed befitting of an Asgardian throne, and leaving Tony to take care of the business dealings.
Tony wasn't deserving, and -- Steve was, but for it to come from him would be a travesty. Like breaking someone's bones just to play the hero for knowing how to splint them. Just add it to the list. Steve had always deserved things that Tony didn't have within him to give.
He dragged his attention back to the television. He needed the distraction in the other direction, now. On the screen, Dyllan was conducting a nefarious business dealing, while Phoenicia was skulking around a disreputable warehouse and about to be taken captive. A hand clapped over her mouth, stifling her shriek, and the scene cut to another commercial.
That earned him an ostentatious pout. "So you
Maybe he’d see her again. Maybe at the dedication ceremony, or there’d be some kind of function to honor the benefactors… But no. Roger knew better. Janet’s repeat-client relationship with François-the-fitness-trainer wasn't the same. He and Starla were from different worlds. It was best to leave things like this one-and-done, equal-opportunity wham-bam-thank-you-sir-and-ma’am, a gratifying experience for all, with no expectations and no--
For a Stark who hadn't found the ways and means to preserve himself, an ignominious erasure was all he deserved, Tony deemed. He could imagine no possible commonality with that pathetic, lost counterpart. But where there was himself, there was always a Steve, and his own amenability to the "arrangement" the new arrival had had with his Stark was a stroke of good fortune. Whatever the nature of the relationship that had been, back in his home universe, this Steve would inevitably realize himself to be in superior hands, now.
He tweaked the subroutine of Extremis responsible for altering Steve, maintaining the bulk of his body while letting his face fall back to its sags and wrinkles, and then deepened all the lines in his own, thinning and hollowing his cheeks, and sinking the set of his eyes further back in his brow. He steeled himself to be disgusted by the image, and was startled when he actually felt a pang, soft and sentimental, clutching around his heart.
Tony really was handsome, fine and well-made, Steve thought for the umpteenth time, but it was his kindness and zest for life that made him more than the flashy painted-wax figurehead Steve had observed during some of the Stark business and media engagements. It was another way he was like the rest of the Avengers, Steve realized. Tony wore a mask and had a dual identity, too, just like any of the superheroes, even if his private self was a different kind of secret than some of theirs. He wasn't wearing that mask now, and Steve allowed himself to bask in the bright warmth and cultivate the flicker of hope that maybe someday, he'd feel like he could quietly inquire if their friendship could grow into anything more.
When he pulled his face out of her backside, they were both spit-shined.
And thinking about his unexpected, life-altering turns, that was why he was perfectly content to let an unplanned excursion with Tony fall under "find out when we get there."
An even more agreeable sight was the way the cords of Tony's forearms tightened, his shoulders and biceps rounded out against his shirt sleeves, and the middle button gaped a tiny bit, as he upheld his share of their load.
“There. That’ll do nicely.” She started a slow stalk around him, like sensual, dragging tango steps. “So let me tell you how this is going to go.”
"That's right. I know what you're here for. And I know how you ask for the things you don't want to want." Tony used his feet to kick Steve's legs open wider, and undid his belt and fly to reach inside, shoving impatiently at the stodgy Y-fronts holding his target cocooned in tight elastic. Steve bucked, but he was in a disadvantaged position, and Tony shortly had the constricting underwear worked down to the tops of his thighs, stretching beneath the grey-furred balls on display beneath his half-hard cock, framed in the open vee of the trousers. He eyed the testicles critically, and gave them a rough squeeze. Steve tried to shrink in on himself, but there was nowhere to go.
"Hey, boys, you know the rules, no shield-throwing in the lab, except in case of
Their outraged protests came out over the top of each other, Tony's hot, and Steve's icy cold.
For some reason he had the idea she wasn’t taking him seriously.
Still so electric, he felt Tony caressing him as he came down. Over head, neck, and shoulders, a gentle rain of firm, knowing hands, the flow of soft-spoken words, and the water rinsing him clean of his mess. He sighed his satisfaction and made his legs straighten him back to his feet, and they sagged against one another. Their bodies were overheated, and they'd let off all their steam, and their hair was plastered to their skulls, and the rivulets running down their skin had turned sweat-brackish.
"Tony," Steve whispered after a short interval, "I've got some bad news for you, fella, this isn't how you cut a rug."
Steve stepped off onto thin air with Tony still a good two feet from hitting the landing pad, and a slight stagger to his knees as he absorbed the impact of boots to concrete gave away the degree of his exhaustion. The moment Tony cleared the disassembly rig, he shambled after, on a straight-line course to their bathroom.
He was a dead man, talking.
"Yeah, yeah," sandy-hair was already beginning to chant, kicking short, sharp thrusts into Steve's mouth. Steve's blood beat under Tony's fingers, the tendons of his neck corded cable-taut. He could feel the uneven, upward stretch and release he knew stemmed from Steve's tongue moving, soaking and rubbing the guy's cock while he sucked in long, strong pulls.
She twisted over her shoulder, her face gleaming in triumph at the discovery of her gambit, the sleek hollows at the sides of her hips flexing as she shook her rampant bare ass in a brassy burlesque.
,” she chanted, and he ramped it up, gathering her in his hold and setting a rhythm of long, driving strokes, getting them down to fucking in earnest. The tail of his tie was aswing in front of him, and he freed up a hand for the instant he needed to fling it over his shoulder. With it out of the way, he watched, mesmerized by the sight of her wide-stretched rim sucking down his dick to disappear between her cheeks.
Everything aligned, and smoothed, and settled.
He ventured to experiment, but found he preferred the more plain; not sweet, but astringence or spice, a hint, only. The less he could smell on himself, the less in the way of enjoying every exotic essence embellishing Tony’s.
But something was
"You're a braver man than I, Steve," he’d declared, then hesitated, “just… never let me bring you down. I can’t… a bad influence is the last thing I can stand to be.”
Steve nods once, a succinct motion, turning away from him. Tony follows him onto the elevator; the ride is silent, and Tony fights the urge to crack a joke. He knows it isn’t what Steve needs. So he remains quiet as Steve disappears into their bathroom, strips his clothes off with single-minded precision, and steps into the large shower. The water starts up a moment later, but Steve makes no move toward cleaning himself. He just stands under the spray, staring straight ahead at the wall. Tony watches through the pebbled glass doors until the sight of his partner is obscured by steam; by then, his worry, his guilt, has climbed to new highs. He unzips his pants, letting them fall to the heated tile beneath his feet, and pulls off his shirt. Steve doesn’t react as the brunet opens the door and steps in behind him, close enough to feel the slight trembles in his muscles.
"It really is," laughs Tony, and Steve drops his gaze to the menu in his hands.
“Yes. I mean, only if you want it, too.”
“I am.”
“That’s
“Dollar in the swear jar,” quips Tony quietly, aiming for a joke and missing by a few million miles.
To Steve’s surprise, the man lets go, turns on his heel, and walks away while spitting curses. The woman watches him with a triumphant gleam in her hazel eyes before turning to Steve.
“One last time, sweetie, you can do it.”
Bucky just smiles knowingly the next morning when Steve finally gets to the office. Thankfully, he doesn't mention the fact that Steve is the last to arrive at nearly eight o'clock. He just hands over a mug of coffee, cuffs Steve gently on the shoulder, and ambles to the photography section. Steve knows he's blushing, he can feel how hot his cheeks are, and he studiously ignores everyone else in the room. It isn't so easy to do when his phone vibrates on his desk and he sees the screen lighting up with a text from Tony.
“It does. To me, it does. I know it makes no sense, and it's probably stupid, but it matters to me.”
Along the far wall stands a group of silent men and women. Two on each end of the line are wearing armour similar to Thor’s battle gear, but the rest are adorned in silken trousers and tunics that shine faintly in the lights. Their garb, however, pales in comparison to what the woman in the chair beside Thor is wearing. Her opulent gown looks like it’s made of spun golden sugar, and thick, honey curls drop elegantly down her shoulders. She shifts her gaze from the clock to Steve’s face, and a soft smile spreads across her face. She glances at Thor, who nods and steps forward.
It takes Natasha whispering in his ear to force Clint into action. His arms drop in a jerky motion, and he turns on his heel and stalks out of the room. Nat follows immediately after with one last glacial glare at Thor and his guest. Finally, the trio are alone, and Steve pinches the bridge of his nose, trying desperately to keep a steady head.
“Loki is a rather skilled fighter. My mother’s court may have some training in physical combat, enough to allow them the chance for survival against a foe, but it is nowhere near the level Loki has received as a prince. He learns quickly and, once he focuses, he is quite a proficient tactician. With training, he shall improve enough that our adversaries will not know that you are not the one on the battlefield.”
“Come with me.”
Silence descends on the workshop. Even the bots have stopped moving in the face of Pepper’s wrath. Steve is struck with the thought that maybe everyone in the Nine Realms has heard her screaming, echoing through the vacuum of the space-time continuum; he hastily tries to quell the hysterical laughter, but it’s too late. At the sound of the first giggle, Pepper’s eyes flash in his direction, and the dam breaks. He collapses onto the floor, burying his face in his hands to muffle the noise, and Tony clears his throat.
“A, um, a friend. I did a favour for him, and well, evidently this is how he thanks his friends who do favours for him.”
as if that took away the sting of her unhappy words.
“Tony.”
“That’s not possible,” objects Tony before lapsing into another hacking cough. “
“God, yes.”
“I was here first. It isn’t my fault you weren’t paying attention.” Natasha shifts, a silhouette against sparkling lights. “I thought you saw me.”
“Captain Rogers, I am T’Chaka, king of Wakanda. I believe we have much to discuss.”
Tony smiles at the end of the rushed announcement, bearing the air of a man who has just won a multi-trillion-dollar lottery – proud and overjoyed, like nothing could ever take away the happiness he’s feeling. Silence falls, but in true Avenger fashion, it doesn’t last long. Sam nearly knocks over his chair in his haste to hug Steve tightly. Bruce, quiet though he normally is, lets out a startled cheer; Eira embraces Steve gently, murmuring about how happy she is for Tony and him. Clint shouts “They’re pregnant!” at a bemused Thor, and the puzzlement immediately clears from Thor’s face, replaced by a radiant smile; he stands, claps a heavy hand onto Tony’s shoulder, and wraps an arm around Steve, his voice loud and booming as he congratulates them. Steve makes a mental note to remind Tony to talk slower, especially with important announcements. Thor isn’t dumb – not by a long shot – but sometimes, Tony speaks like he’s the Energizer bunny after drinking three gallons of coffee, and even Pepper has, on occasion, had troubles understanding him or following the thread of conversation. Havardr is just as exuberant in his congratulations as Thor and Sam. Loki raises his water glass in Steve’s direction. Steve grins and dips his chin. Nat’s head lands on his shoulder; he glances down to see that her eyes are sparkling, and a light smile dances at the corner of her lips. Coulson stares at Steve speculatively, eyes cataloguing everything about Steve’s appearance. When finished, he shrugs and stands to shake Tony’s, then Steve’s, hand. Pepper is crying as she hugs Tony tightly, tight enough that he’s beginning to wince.
“Oh. Okay then.”
“More what?”
“Lie down. C’mon, Steve, just humour me, please.” He waits as the super-soldier rolls his eyes but climbs gracefully onto the bed, tummy to mattress. Tony straddles the back of his thighs and runs his hands down the tense muscles from shoulder to the curve of his ass, kneading his knuckles into the knots. “I, uh, talked to Rhodey about all of this. He, of course, was no help, but he made it very clear that I, I would do absolutely anything if it meant making you happy. And he was correct, as usual. Because your happiness means… It means everything to me. So if you, if you actually want Loki involved, if you’re okay with his helping us, then I’m – well, I’m not
“I’m...kinda stuck.”
“You ready?”
sorry, ya know,” whispers Tony, closing his eyes, and Steve reaches for his hand; the callouses and rough palms are achingly familiar.
Steve is still so angry as he pulls on his shoes that all he wants to do is continue the argument with Tony. He refrains, however; his ma and Bucky have always told him he just doesn’t know when to quit, and the last thing he wants is to prove them right. Unfortunately, Tony seems to have no such qualms, because his door flings open just as Steve is starting down the stairs, and he calls out Steve’s name. Steve slows but doesn’t stop walking.
Steve laughs and swipes at Tony; the gesture is meant to be playful, but it changes as soon as his fingers brush across the bare skin of Tony's arm, warm and solid under the touch. “You don't need coffee, Tony, you're wired up enough as it is.”
… … … …
sounds. Within seconds, Thor and Pepper are there; Thor grips Natasha’s arms and tries to steer her away from the man, and Pepper is whispering in her ear too quietly for anything to be heard. The camera pans away from the trio as Natasha is forcibly led to the limo. A distinct, vivid red handprint mars the interviewer’s cheek, and he stares after Nat with a dumbfounded expression on his face. The microphone clearly picks up his next words before the camera feed cuts out:
“I just went 'crosst the hall. Straight to Steve's.”
Tony’s laughter is muffled by Steve’s kiss, the sound morphing into a gasp when Steve slips his hand beneath the band of his sweats. The brunet arches up; his cock is hot and hard in the circle of Steve’s fingers, and Steve nips gently at Tony’s collarbone. He still feels terrible for how he reacted earlier, but the feeling of Tony beneath him, the taste of Tony’s kisses and skin, the scent of motor oil and cologne and sex… It’s all overwhelming him in the best of ways, so much so that he’s having a hard time remembering what they were arguing about.
The body beneath his hands broadened and firmed. Everywhere. On the makeshift mirror, and in the high resolution of the camera view, Steve's hair went from colorless to golden; his skin lost its ashen hue, and his eyes regained their brilliant blue, like a saturation slider moving from dull to vibrant. His unwrinkled face twisted into a roar, but Tony had him by the throat, and by the balls, and the sound was cut off to a furious rumble in his arching chest. His cock, fully hard now, leapt in Tony's fist.
His man was such a fainting maiden. Steve heaved out an affronted sigh and rolled off the couch and onto the carpet, which was springy and soft, like a bunch of little brushing fingers. He gathered Tony up and pulled him into an unresisting sprawl half across his chest and tucked under his arm, limbs shifting and slotting into their well-rehearsed grooves.
“Where--”
Tony had known full well that Rhodey didn't actually believe the silly notion, and had just been trying to keep him and Steve from getting caught up in each other and losing track of the time. And of course that was exactly what had happened, when helping each other dress had, unsurprisingly, turned into extended foreplay for the honeymoon.
always do this, reel me in till I don't know which way is up, and suddenly I'm along for some wild ride..." It was rhetorical, of course. Good-natured grumbling.
hard," Steve bitched.
Roger pulled out, not even yet all the way soft. His knees hit the rug. His cock was smeared and sticky. He spread her open and lapped at the trickle of his come already oozing its way out after him. The earthy, bitter brine tasted better than any haughty cuisine. He speared his tongue into her loosened-up hole and licked his way around, stirring her into a nonstop torrent of whining breaths and whimpering moans.
"Rude, Tony." Scowling, Steve swatted the offending hand away and let his palm fall heavily onto Tony's shoulder, applying a little force. "Have some respect. The Liberty Bell is a national monument."
A little voice in his head whispered some magic words to sum it up:
Inside the room, it was a much-moderated version of the main level, still glassy and modern, but leaning toward eggshell-whites and warmer lighting. Afternoon sun shone in narrow stripes around the edges of honeycomb-shaded windows that made up most of one wall, and slatted wood substituted for the metal-framed furnishings. To their right, a futon-style couch and several similar chairs, along with a giant, cushioned papasan, were arranged in a grouping with two glass-topped coffee tables. A coordinating dinette, set for two, was tucked into the back corner. To their left along the wall was a small bar that appeared to be stocked only with basic supplies.
He was pretty drawn to Tony, himself. Even if his was more along the lines of... what Tony's only sounded like. Steve knew the breezy compliments were one of Tony's ways, and that they were genuine. He just knew better than to think the flirtation behind them was.
Tony laughed heartily. "Steve Rogers, I declare, you truly have become a man of our time!"
, a masterful accomplishment, befitting my genius."
, Roger Stevens. Oh, and-- you should call me Starla. Since I am about to be
Everything was damp, their hair and clothing hanging heavy and trickling with sweat. The thin white of his shirt had gone onion-skin transparent across parts of his chest and shoulders, her dress darkening in patches where he gripped her flank and splayed a hand over her stomach.
He’d become reasonably practiced at turning down passes politely when he needed to, but while Captain America garnered a certain element of starry-eyed infatuation, it was still more often Tony who was approached by the bold women, all insinuating and handsy to just barely within socially acceptable bounds. Tony, who was adept at using his charm to remove and deflect, leaving them pink-cheeked or canary-eating smug, like he’d taken them for the ride of their lives without giving them an inch.
Caught out, Steve stifled a twitch. Did he know? Could he have guessed? No, no, he didn't. He was just teasing with Tony, whose support and sponsorship of the superhero team was public, and a matter of pride for the city.
known, had they guessed, Tony wondered, the sickening questions yawing and pitching through the gaping chasm in his mind. He thought, probably. He thought, it'd been win-win for them, strike down all of the Avengers and their community circle at once, or... leave the two of them stranded like this. Orphaned, amputated.
The volume was going up. He could hear himself growling low and short around his mouthful, and Tony's moans grew higher, interspersed with blasphemies and calls to Steve and God. Mid-cry, his voice broke and his hips stuttered, and they'd long since disestablished any need to be polite. Steve wrapped his hands up and behind, clenching into the meat of Tony's backside to pull him in and spur him to his peak. He sucked in and sealed, working the length of his shaft once, twice, and a half more, and Tony was there, his body seizing, convulsing, ragged groans pulsing in time with the spurts of his release.
“...making this a dirty little back-door affair.”
Tony winced, and Steve felt even worse. "Did you not have fun? I'm sorry I dragged you--"
"Sure, Tony, I get it. I just..."
Steve could outpace him at a run, but that was pretty much the only place. Sometimes he couldn’t help but take off in a sprint, exult in the whistle of wind, the joy of pushing off in self-propulsion, and he knew it was the same with Tony’s intellect. But whatever endeavor and whosoever led, when one cut loose and sped ahead, they made sure to keep watch, circle back or slow down for the other.
Then he slid Steve's dick from his mouth entirely.
Glancing toward the door, she hesitated, then sighed, her face softening as she moved toward him instead. She slid his tie back around to the front, unsnarling the ends and performing some complicated origami that resulted in a knot much more ornate than his usual Windsor. She snugged it up to his neck and smoothed down his collar, then laid her hands over his shoulders.
"Ouch, haha, good one, but sounds less painful than some things, say, a rugby match, now that's one rough sport."
Tony hadn't yet told him to close his mouth, and it remained a slack ellipse after being shaped around the now-removed shaft. He slid a finger inside, pressing on the rough pad of Steve's tongue, swiping around his upper teeth, and scooping, slick and creamy, along the inside of his cheek. He transferred his finger to his own mouth, tasting it pensively. Vile, objectively speaking, stale and sour. But there was value in the possession, and his right to it, the evidence of each encounter unique, to be experienced, consumed and not squandered.
“Yeah, come and get me, tiger.” She egged him on as he pushed off and covered the ground between them in rangy strides. His simmer flared to a rowdy boil; he planted himself behind her, took her by the hips and dragged her against the tented front of his crotch, gave her a good preview of what he was gonna put in her.
Tony gave himself a new sculpt from the neck up, whitening his hair to silver that matched the armor (why had he ever worn gold; silver was so much more elegant), and carving his face with a classic pattern of crags and crow's feet. Only the appearance, of course. He was planning on actually aging exactly never.
"There we are, a pair of old men together, still loving in the twilight of our days," he mused, his voice coming out strangely gentle. He smoothed his hand over Steve's cockhead, petting it, holding it nuzzled into his palm.
Overheated, hyperventilating, Steve realized that the growling he heard in his ears was his own. Tony's breath had turned noisy, too, sounding thick and wet, and he was kneading harder at Steve's calf, squeezing and rubbing the muscle in erratic patterns Steve was primed to have happening between his legs, not down along one of them. The weird offset of sensation added another layer of urgency to the atmosphere, already heavy with charge, awaiting some unknown pressure change to trigger a cloudburst.
"And if it could always be me, you'd never have to. So, we'll share it this time. I'm... I'm glad it's with you, Tony."
In truth, he didn’t think he’d read it wrong, or that Tony had misused or played him false in any way. But all those half-done bottles spread before him, after being wholly undone, spent and spread all through the sheets, had thrown him off, left him unsettled, ill at ease.
"You'll what, soldier? Will it be dire? Will I face a reckoning? Retribution? Reprisal, even?"
"You're such a bad influence, Tony, you make me forget everything except you," Steve had done his best to joke. It was good he hadn't fallen as flat on the shower floor.
When the air hit his chest, he felt wetter than before. A cold-sweat shiver skated through him, beading up his skin to gooseflesh, and Tony broke silence again with another muffled groan. That, too, danced along Steve's nerves, leaving him buzzing.
He strolled to the couch, bending over slightly to lay the jacket across the top. Bending further as he emptied his pockets of wallet and keys, he set those and his cell phone down, too, very much aware that the excellent fit of his trousers did similar things to accentuate the curves of his ass.
He tried to push his sluggish, halting thoughts around the edges of what could be affecting Steve exactly this way, but he couldn't process; his mind wouldn't do more than brush against it, just slipped and slid away, like trying to reach through murky water to grasp something else already liquid.
Or, the "what if"/"b-side"/"Version S (for Steve)."
Steve shot forward, pushing himself away from the couch back so he was sitting up and leaning into it, his torso curled over Tony's.
He stretched his lips and throat and let Tony sink in to the root, nose to the wet, coarse curls, another texture. Tony shuddered and gasped, and Steve stopped breathing and swallowed, tongue flattened to the thick ridge, held open, expanded, around Tony’s hard length.
Around thirty minutes later, the display flashed twice, the music faded down, and JARVIS's voice slid smoothly into the mix.
More memories rushed back, moments that spanned two decades, countless blissful hours of leading Steve into heights of glorious surrender, of opening him up, pulling out everything he had inside, and replacing it, reshaped to Tony's own will. It had never been sweeter than this.
She rolled her eyes in mock exasperation and waved him off. “Don’t spare it a thought. Totally worth it. You were so good, I can’t even take it out of your check. Besides, it’s tacky to wear these things more than once, anyway.”
The foil fell from his fingers. His pulse was tripping in his chest and his temples and his dick, standing up in front of him. His teeth tore into the other packet, and he spat out the strip he ripped off, pushing with his thumb to work the lube out the open end. He added it in with the stuff already coating his right hand, and then, with the same wet-skin squelch in a slightly different pitch, transferred the whole mess onto his dick in long sloppy strokes up the shaft and curling over the head, bucking into his own fist because he was so damn ready to fuck.
"--a rug. To warm up a place I thought was fine the way it was, and never noticed it was so bare. It's the perfect answer. A rug, a really uh, giant-sized, handmade one. Good thing there happens to be one of those right...
beneath her flawlessly painted face. Neither made any attempt to unclasp their hands.
Stepping inside the closer quarters of the hallway was like descending from mountaintop rarefied air to the rowdiness and bustle of the city. All the sensory input was intensified and weighted, the air thick with clatter, heat, smells that clotted into taste, and noisy reverberations vibrating through the walls and floor
at this, gorgeously concentrated in his efforts, his carved-out cheekbones hollowed to create the perfect, filthy-slick suction and slide, keeping Steve wet and messy and zinging with random-fire spark points.
To satisfy the ritual, one must penetrate, and one be pierced. Hardened flesh or steel; they had their choice. The consequence, should they fail to consummate, was the death of a continent.
Her laugh rang out. “Guess it’s a good thing one of us came ready.” She reached a hand down into her dress and pulled out the items she’d stashed there before, passing two packets back to him. “That’s for you. When I say ‘came ready,’ well, I guess you’d know, if you’d gotten anywhere near putting anything in me yet.”
It was too much, too much flashing by in his head--
While Butterfingers and U motored around making themselves generally, well, U-seful, DUM-E moped for hours in his charging bay with his claw hanging low, waiting till Tony launched into a round of assembly work before sounding off a wild flurry of beeps and boops and wheeling out at reckless speed.
As she made her whipcord way across the floor, he could see that what he’d taken for the top half of her dress was actually a three-quarter-sleeved, one-button jacket, opening upward in a broad triangle that revealed the square-necked front of the dress itself. A wide, rectangular diamond and ruby bar-choker paralleled the flat neckline, with similar strands of gold-set jewels flashing at her ears, wrists, and fingers.
It was Steve Rogers who was Tony's boyfriend, but Steve was Cap, and when it came to inspiring confidence and making all that motivational-poster bullshit feel like the towering mountains and soaring eagles really meant something, well, pep talks were practically what Captain America was
"Let me?" Steve asked quietly, and Tony deferred. This was Steve's show, after all; no reason to have called him down here if he wasn't going to let him speak his piece.
Even in his misery, Tony couldn't help the flare of gooseflesh or the catch of his breath as Steve paused to trail a hand down his flank. His breath stuttered again when Steve aborted the motion halfway. Of course Steve wouldn't want to touch him any more than necessary. He had no reason to want to make Tony feel good after Tony had been the one to stomp on his offered heart.
“I suppose, but please, I’d really rather not.”
Sure, DUM-E had always been a little excitable, a little... quirky, in his interpretation and execution of tasks. But that was part of his charm and his individuality. This careening madly from crazed activity to stone cold stops was something new. Could a bot develop... bipolar? ADHD? Could you, what, medi-code, for it?
“Ha, gotcha,” he razzed, following the straps up higher, seeking the demarcation line of lace or satin along her hipbones, up and up, of course they’d be skimpy, maybe a little nothing-string thing he’d be taking home for a prize. His questing fingers found the lower points of her garter belt and she had to be shitting him--
"So one more thing, DUM-E. I'll leave it up to you and Tony to decide if another arm is a good choice for you. But just remember: There's nothing wrong with feeling like you want to grow and improve and accomplish more as a person. It's admirable, even. But that's something you should do for you, not because you feel like you're not good enough for someone else. And it's definitely not a reason to feel like you have to change your body."
Once he shows his license and writes his name on the sign-out sheet, the woman lifts the phone’s receiver and dials a number. Steve sits in one of the chairs, stares at the navy-blue carpet while he waits.
“Where’d you disappear to earlier?” he murmurs against a collarbone, tongue dancing across the top of Steve’s breast before skimming along the edge of the teddy.
Then he'd found a job in construction that allowed him to work only one job instead of three; it paid more, which was to be expected with building corporate buildings for the large companies. For nearly two years he worked hard, and though he was often gone before the sun came up, he was home before dinnertime, and Steve vaguely remembers the sound of his father's laughter and the way his large hands were calloused but gentle with love. His memory is sharper, though, when it comes to recalling his ma’s screaming as she got the news that there was an incident on a job site, that some safety equipment had failed, and they'd lost a couple men, Joseph included. The company in charge of the crew somehow managed to evade a settlement, forcing Sarah and Steve out of their home; his ma's income hadn't been enough to afford the two-bedroom house they'd lived in since before Steve's birth.
“I hate remembering it,” whispers Steve after ten minutes of quiet. “I hate knowing that he’s dead because I wasn’t fast enough. I should’ve worried more about him, should’ve reached out for him sooner.”
“Petey-bug, c’mon, kiddo! It’s time for school!”
Steve has been in this form for almost five months. The media storm surrounding the arrival of a "strange woman in Iron Man and Captain America's lives" died down within the first outing in which Tony and Loki were photographed alone on a date, sharing a dessert and holding hands. Steve has gotten better at hiding how jealous he is that Loki has taken his place, is able to be seen in public with Tony. Natasha has helped significantly; more often than not, Steve could be found in her quarters talking over tea, watching romantic comedies (a secret pleasure of hers that Steve has sworn to never tell a living soul as long as he lives), or allowing her to teach him more about being "feminine" according to society's standards.
school.”
, and Steve flushes at the heat that zips through his veins at the praise.
A window-rattling
Tony gapes at Natasha, mouth opening and closing a few times. Finally, he manages to force out, “In my defence, we were a little preoccupied with the planning and figuring out how the fuck this was even going to happen.”
It’s been five days since Tony left, and Steve is already miserable. He’s sat in on training sessions and watched Clint get his ass kicked by Natasha during scheduled (and unscheduled) sparring matches. In an effort to distract his friend, Sam has taken Steve out to brunches and the movies; Bruce loaned him books, but the mechanical technology only served to remind Steve that he still has at least a week before his partner comes back.
“I feel miserable.”
“Are those things being anticipated, then? Because I’d like to think I’ll be okay.”
JARVIS speaks up when Nat doesn’t answer. “The ‘Raft’ is an underwater prison that resides in the Atlantic Ocean, created solely to hold incarcerated criminals with enhanced abilities and-or superpowers.”
The music starts up again, and Tony swallows down the rest of his scotch as Pepper sidles up to his side. She wrinkles her nose at his now-empty glass but doesn't remark on it. He sets the tumbler on the glass and turns to face her fully.
“Well, what about magic?”
“It won't.”
Days pass, and Steve finds himself roaming the halls of the Tower. He doesn’t speak to anyone on the SI floors beyond a quick hello, but he doesn’t feel bad about that considering how obviously busy they all are. There’s really nothing for Steve to do beyond the occasional call for Avengers intervention, and even those are few and far between. It’s almost surprising how little the team is needed. He’s not complaining, not by a long shot, he can admit that it would be nice to have
“Yeah,” sighs Steve; he puts away the charcoal he's been using. “C’mon in.”
The door slides open with a quiet hiss, and Natasha strides in. Steve’s sure he isn’t imagining the glint of a knife up her sleeve or the way she ignores the Asgardians. She comes to a stop a few feet away from the couch, her eyes on the bot making circles on the concrete. With a raised brow, she turns her focus to Steve.
. “I’ll do anything, Steve. Name your price, and I’ll pay it.”
Phil ruffles Peter's curls before standing and catching Steve's eyes. He jerks his chin toward the hallway, and Steve nods, closing his comic book and rising to his feet. He stops by Kate's chair, asking her in an undertone to keep an eye on Peter; she agrees readily, so Steve follows Phil into the corridor.
“Well, no, not really. I want you and Mr Phil to be my other daddies because I love you and you love me.”
“We tried giving him a Motrin, but his metabolism burned straight through it,” announces Pepper, her lips twisted in an apologetic grimace.
, Steve…”
Steve breathes out a sigh of relief. “Yeah, neither did I. Funny what only having one thing in common can do to a couple of people.”
“You ready?”
“We've been over for a while,” Steve whispers back. “There was someone else that was getting in the way of our relationship, and it wasn't fair to either of us.”
They fall silent again, breathing each other's air and exchanging languid kisses, until finally, Tony pushes himself to a full sitting position. Steve moans at the movement; the sudden, delicious pressure is too much, and his head falls back, thumping against the armrest as he wills his erection to go away. It doesn't happen, though, not with Tony looking as wrecked as he does, with the weight of Tony over and around him. His hands clench into fists at his sides, and he fights the urge to lift his hips, to press closer to Tony, to rut wildly against Tony until he gets release. The only thing that stops him is the thought of his actions causing Tony to disappoint Peter. With a sigh, he lifts his hands to grip Tony's waist.
He'd sunk to a new depth, he thought, as Steve's hand slid suckingly free, leaving him vacant and fluttering. There was uneven movement behind him and a few muted sounds, and then Steve was gripping his hip, Steve's leg tucking up behind his bent one, and Steve's cock, thick and slick and blunt, nudging at his yielding hole.
Banked warmth glowed from within. He ducked his head as though Tony were speaking right there in front of him, letting the short, sweet words pour out on his mellow voice like a long dollop of honey.
exertion, I'm sure you're as thirsty as I am. Take it to go, and
That sense of the forbidden heightened everything for him, making him feel like he could cheat the world to take something he wanted for himself.
"So there was never any threat? If we didn't--" The hint of a blush appeared high on Steve's cheeks.
It was so hard seeing Tony like this. He should have let him get about his business instead of keeping him here and making him explain.
Steve had tried thrusting into his mouth exactly once, only to have Tony tap his thigh, and, with a half-shake of his head, but without pulling off, murmur around his dick, "
Resting his hands on the slopes of Steve's shoulders, Tony gripped hard into the thick muscle, simply for his own enjoyment of the texture. It would effect neither pain nor pleasure upon Steve; it took practically hammering at the man like metal at his forge to give him any kind of meaningful massage. They'd do that another time. Right now was for watching and being watched.
“You have thirty seconds to explain yourself, starting now.”
“He’d love to, but he’s squeamish.”
. It's made even better by the fact that he realises he's never been this happy with someone else.
Three nights later, Tony emerges from the workshop after a very unproductive couple of hours. A hand latches onto his arm the moment he steps into the corridor; Natasha smiles wickedly at him, and he sighs, resigning himself to be pulled into whatever scheme he’s planning. Refusing to follow along with what she wants always ends poorly.
“Tell her I'm fine.”
, because the Bucky I knew would never do that, but it was something that some version of him did. I was selfish, and I hurt you in the process of saving my memory of a man who fell seventy years ago. I am, I am so damn sorry, Tony.”
“Right.” Steve sits, shoots a flat look in Tony’s direction, then faces the queen. “Please continue.”
? Why would Howard have wanted
Tony shifts against Steve’s side, lifting his face until there’s an unobstructed view into his dark eyes. “I don’t know if there’s even a way of making any of this possible, especially considering who we are, but we can try.”
Tony ends the conversation by sliding a hand along Steve’s abs, swallowing the sighing moan as it passes through Steve’s lips. Though he can feel the panic already starting to rise, he pushes it aside to focus solely on Steve and making the next few hours pass in much more pleasant ways than warring with his self-doubt.
the look of a man in love."
“So Natasha and Clint saw our special guest, I hear.”
“Is it true?”
Steve sits on the bed of yet another motel room, ignoring the television as it plays some sitcom from the 90s and the way Sam and Natasha are laughing and chatting easily amongst themselves. His fingers swipe idly across the screen of his phone. He isn’t sure when he decided to, but he focuses on the screen and realises he’s opened the message thread with Tony. The last message he sent was over an hour ago, responding to Tony’s question of how the day went. Somehow, Steve had managed to completely avoid the question and instead admitted that he’d had an anxiety episode the month before. He comes to terms with the fact that maybe Tony isn’t prepared to hear Steve talking about it ー hell, Steve isn’t even prepared to really talk about it ー so he sends another text.
Steve rubs a hand over his belly, grateful that Tony’s shirt still hides the slight roundness. Natasha’s been teaching him yoga, so he’s taken to wearing the stretchy pants around the tower. Thankfully, Clint and Natasha have both been helping with distracting anyone else who might notice when Steve has to rush out of the kitchen at the waves of nausea; poor Bruce looked hurt when Steve hurried away from the table without eating a bite of the spicy curry he usually loves. He doesn’t know what excuse the SHIELD agents gave, but he’d apologised to Bruce the next day.
Three hours later, Tony walks into the communal living room, a black cast encasing his left wrist and a bandage covering the stitches in his forehead. Steve immediately puts his mug of tea on the table and climbs to his feet. Tony lets the blond fuss over him for a few minutes, then pulls Steve in for as tight of an embrace as his body will allow.
“I am not busy, I am never too busy for you, I miss you, too. How's everything going?”
Under the message is a string of numbers. Steve sticks the note to the fridge door with a gaudy Las Vegas magnet he picked up at Goodwill three years ago. Quickly turning out the lights, he crosses the room, drops down into the armchair, and mutes the television.
Steve draws in a deep breath and does as requested. At first, nothing happens; he feels foolish, standing in the centre of the workshop with everyone staring at him, his eyes shut tightly against, well…nothing. Then a tingling sensation starts in his toes, leaks upwards slowly through his legs, up and up and up until his scalp is throbbing slightly with the magic. His bones are shifting, collapsing in on themselves, and his skin feels like it’s shrinking around his skeleton. Nothing hurts, just like Loki promised, but everything is discomforting. He feels his lungs constrict, ribcage tightening. A vivid green light blares from beyond his closed eyes, blinds him through the lids. He hears a loud gasp as the light flares higher; the feeling of electricity under his skin,
Steve nods fervently, unable to form words, and he shifts his weight. Their groans intermingle at the sensations, and Steve swears he sees stars. Tony pulls back then pushes in again; Steve whines and moves his hips to meet Tony’s thrusts. They fall into a rhythm, slowly finding synchronisation, and Steve has never felt so full, so wanted, so
“Clint, you take the non-fliers, meet me and Thor there. Cap, I promise, all we’ll do is keep a perimeter. We'll make sure he isn't provoked.”
“That dick,” hisses Steve once he’s opened the envelope.
And even though they're still in view of the living room and Peter could sit up at any moment, Tony advances on Steve and then they're kissing, hard and insistent. Steve inhales sharply at the impact, ignores the way Tony's teeth catch on his bottom lip forcefully. He lets Tony pin him against the counter, lets Tony take what he wants. Steve slips his hands around Tony's waist, his fingers pressing into the other man's lower back, holding him flush up against him.
“And this means…what, exactly?”
Steve bites back a sigh. He's tried over the last few months to convince Tony to meet outside of their dreams, but Tony sidesteps each and every invitation with ease, like it's a dance he learned long ago and practises every day. Steve can't deny it hurts, to be so close yet so very far away from each other. His gaze shifts to the scenery outside the window, the skyscrapers touching the sky and disrupting the clouds. He turns his attention back to Tony, who's looking a lot like he wants to run from this conversation and never look back.
“I'm here to keep you from becoming a science experiment and prisoner for the government. You're not under arrest, not by me.”
time, Steve, can I have cereal?”
The Asgardians were sympathetic but insisted that the couple not give up, stating that nothing worth having comes easily. Thor and Loki talked quietly in the corner; the blond looked angry while his brother wore a determined expression. They finished the conversation and joined the quartet on the couches.
“So what’cha say, Nat?” Tony adds.
“Maybe. I mean, only if you want to, I’m not gonna say no to getting an apology from you, so go right ahead if that’s what your heart desires.”
“I feel like your own personal Ken doll, here for you to dress up at your every whim,” Steve says with a slight quirk of his lips.
He’s still chuckling when he pulls out of Steve, removes the condom and tosses it into a small trash can nearby, and collapses on his back next to Steve. His eyes dance in the flicker from the candles; Steve shivers as Tony’s fingers trace random shapes onto his skin. Steve leans over, kissing Tony softly.
“I blame you for his logic, Mrs Coulson.”
“And where were you last night?” Pepper snaps. “David said you and the team finished around eight last night. Even with giving you a couple hours’ leeway for a quick nap, you still should’ve been home by ten, eleven at the latest. So imagine my surprise when I get a phone call at two in the morning from a panicking Steve asking if I’ve seen you in the last few hours. Imagine my surprise when I try to get into your office at six o’clock only to be told by your damned AI that you’re not on the premises but ‘I can assure you, Ms Potts, Mr Stark is in good health’. Imagine my surprise –” Her voice rises, fills with rage. “– when Clint and I, after spending – what was it, seven hours? – running around all of Manhattan, decide to stop in so I could change my shoes before my feet started bleeding from all the blisters I’ve obtained during this absolutely immature game of hide-and-seek, and we find you
“Go ahead, pip, but remember the rules.”
“Yeah, that’s all, Ms Potts.”
. And I saw our destruction.”
The whisper is quiet enough that Tony could pretend he didn't hear it. He could act like nothing was said, go back to working and keeping Steve off his mind (which never really works, Steve is always there). He could, but he won't. So he inhales unsteadily, wishing he was anywhere else but here, and clenches a hand into a fist to stop himself from tapping his fingers against the arc reactor in his chest. Well, in for a penny and all that…
She glances up from her phone with a soft tilt to her lips. “‘WhosThatGirl’ is trending on Twitter and Facebook, tumblr is blowing up with fan-theories about what the appearance of a random woman on your lunch date means, and multiple media outlets have already started picking up the story. There are no whispers as to this being a hoax or cover-up for any scandal. So I’d say it went swimmingly.”
“Don't apologise, it's okay. I understand.”
“He's my best friend,” Steve replies, saving Tony from any more floundering. “Always been friends, hopefully always will be. He's saved my ass so many times.”
“What’s up, Stevie?”
“Excuse me?”
The doctor tells him gently he needs to prepare for the inevitable, it's coming sooner than any of them would like. Sarah Rogers just isn't improving, and there's no rational reason to expect a miracle this far into the decline. Steve punches him in the mouth, feeling oddly like he's watching himself from the outside, like he's not in control of himself, and the doctor stumbles but doesn't react. Steve doesn't apologise, merely heads back down the hall and plants himself in the chair beside his ma’s bed, resuming his vigil.
“First, we find out if the others dreamed the same thing.”
Tony sets aside the tablet and crosses the sunroom to sit by her side. “And that right there proves that you’re
“Yeah?”
“That would be the sun, sir. I am incapable of controlling the brightness of that particular ‘light’, though I know it must be bothersome to you at the moment.
He pulls his phone from his pocket, thumbs open the picture gallery, and shoves it toward them. Pepper grabs it before anyone else can; he stands there and basks in the glorious sounds of his family cooing over the newest addition. Thor, Sam, and Pepper are misty-eyed as they scroll through the photographs he’d snapped of his daughter as she slept peacefully in his arms. Coulson shakes Tony’s hand, congratulating him, and Clint surprises Tony by pulling him roughly into a tight hug before disappearing. Sam and Thor follow close behind. Pepper wraps her arms around Tony’s neck.
wants a child. Do you want the same?”
Clint strokes a hand over Steve’s hair. “Relax, Cap, you’re safe. Oh, hey, Stark?”
Steve gives him a flat, unimpressed look, but Tony doesn’t react much beyond a quiet chuckle before he puts the car in gear and points the wheels toward home.
“And your humble personality, definitely a bonus.”
Thor’s brows drew together at Tony’s words, and he exchanged a look with Loki. “It could possibly mean that the problem lies within the bodies, not the magic. That is why our mother should be involved. She will be able to discern the reason and find a way to fix whatever may be wrong.”
“Ma, what do you normally take to dinner?”
Thor pokes his head through the doorway, expression thoughtful. “Have you time to speak?’
“If you don’t get laid tonight, then Stark’s dumber than the media makes him out to be.”
“If there is anything I or my mother can do to assuage your doubts or fears, please let me know. You are my brother in all but blood, as is Tony, and seeing your heart’s desires come to fruition would do us an honour.”
Natasha steps off the elevator, looking as unsure as Steve has ever seen her. She’s changed into a pair of cotton shorts and a tank; her hair is wet, and her face is bare of any makeup. She pads barefoot across the floor, comes to a stop at Steve’s knee.
, we’re gonna have a baby.”
I wanted kids, I would be the worst person to have them with.” Tony keeps his gaze on the ceiling, even as he continues dashing Steve’s hopes. “I’m not interested in having children. I don’t have the time or inclination to do so. Sorry.”
“This is possibly – No, this
is going on, and, well, he deserves to know, right?”
Steve chances a glance at his reflection, wincing at the sight. He hurriedly splashes cold water on his cheeks in hopes of restoring colour to his pale skin. It works, somewhat. With one last steadying breath, he pulls the door open and heads back out to the living room. He’s surprised to find Peter still sitting on the couch; every person he knows that has kids has told him stories about their children being unable to stay motionless for more than thirty seconds. The child doesn’t look up from the pig in his hands.
“I need a drink.” She pushes a loose strand of golden-red hair from her eyes. “Actually, I demand copious amounts of liquor until this makes sense.”
“Oh, buddy, I’m sorry you’re dealin’ with this. Did you tell a teacher?”
– that he deserves this; that he deserves the results of all the effort he’s put into this relationship and hard work he’s had to do to get past his issues; that he undoubtedly deserves the undiluted happiness and joy and colour Steve has brought into his life.
? Why?”
“Great. It’s on your schedule. Steve, JARVIS, I’m trusting that you two can get him there on time?”
When Steve tries calling back, there’s no answer; Tony’s either busy with work or sleeping. Steve leaves a voicemail that simply says “Got your calls. Sorry, I was sleepin’. Call me back when you get the chance.” He sets his phone down and lets himself focus on helping Peter get dressed and ready for school. He drops Peter off at school and goes to work, but he can't concentrate. His thoughts are scrambling in circles ー Tony said he loves Steve, he loves Steve, but is he only saying that because Steve said it first? Or does he mean it? The others appear to notice that Steve isn't himself today, and they show uncharacteristic consideration and leave him alone.
“Stuff. Seriously, Steve, we have the ability to have
“This is amazing, Cap. One question, just an observation, really. Someone’s missing.”
, Steve thinks at the sight of the masks of Thalia and Melpomene on Peggy’s exposed shoulder. He swallows the hurt and disappointment and lets her guide him to the bed.
“Let me change, then we’ll talk to our resident gods.”
Steve had told his ma about Tony the morning after the boys had met up in his dream for the fifth time. Ma had smiled that smile that meant she didn’t believe him, and he’d argued with her for longer than he should have, but he had to make her believe him. He had to make her know that there really was a Tony, a kid who seemed so sad and lonely but was an amazing friend. All that had gotten him was a trip to his doctor and a rotation through various other therapists and child psychologists. So he’d stopped talking about Tony, no matter how much it hurt to keep a secret from Ma. She meant well, he knew it, but… She just didn’t understand. She likely never would.
“Oh, are we discussing how lovey-dovey Steve gets whenever he hears from his loverboy?”
baby. I really do.”
, but he isn’t sure. All he knows is he finally feels complete; he leans up until he can kiss Tony again, hard and demanding and so full of want. Tony doesn’t deny him anything, just gives and takes and gives some more, as Steve slips a hand between them. Tony’s jeans are tight ー
Not even two full weeks later, the Accords have been announced as law, the world still hasn't ended, and the team is enjoying the stretch of silence and peace of being able to be human, not superheroes. They've all just been doing what they want ー Natasha and Clint take over training Wanda, Sam, and now Peter; Sam works at the VA and volunteers at local homeless shelters; Tony spends most of his days at SI’s R&D department, even giving Peter an internship, dragging Bruce along more often than not; Thor spends the hours roaming the city, looking for new friends to make and adventures to be had, because he is still so curious as to what Midgard can offer though he's been on Earth for a few years already; and Steve whiles away the time with sparring, occasional training sessions, his art, and video calls with T'Challa and Shuri about Bucky's progress. They've reassured him that Bucky will be able to come back within a few months.
in Iron Man’s modulated voice. Steve didn’t live that down for
“Clint, you were –”
He exhales unsteadily. They pass the vodka back and forth, not speaking as they dwell on their own fears. When the bottle is empty, Natasha pulls a new one from behind her. Tony doesn’t ask for the bottle, but she hands it back after every three swigs.
She hangs up before Tony can get a word in. He covers his face with his hands and laughs, because if he doesn’t laugh, he might just freak out some more. By the time he calms himself, his bots are gone somewhere around the workshop, and JARVIS is suspiciously quiet. Tony finishes the runthrough of video feeds, then calls it a night.
“It’s okay, babe. Take your time. Let’s just… Let me take care of you. We can talk about this after.”
Thankfully, Tony and Pepper come back from their overseas business trip shortly after dawn on Saturday morning. Steve is woken up by someone unlocking the front door; he rolls off the couch and stands at attention, hands curled into loose fists at his side, as Happy enters the apartment. Steve slumps. He's not
“Can you please look at me? JARVIS.”
“Is she okay? Why isn’t she making any noise?
JARVIS doesn’t say anything else, just gets the elevator rising. Tony’s fingers taps an unsteady beat against his thigh as the lift makes its way up, up, up; he nearly steps off when it stops until he sees that he’s only on the gym level and Natasha is standing just beyond the doors.
As they walk toward the lift, Steve links their hands together, and Tony’s lips tilt upwards – just slightly. “We weren’t sure if it would be better to do this in Thor’s quarters or the penthouse. So we decided on the workshop.”
of the elevator to sound. The
Tony scoffs but doesn't move away from  Steve's touch. “Of course not, why would I be? I mean, it's just the mother of my child meeting my boyfriend, what's to be nervous about?”
Steve isn’t sure what he had been expecting, but there is very little fanfare as they come to an agreement of acting like couples in front of Peter. Phil is the one who comes up with the stipulation that during one parent’s time with Peter, significant others cannot spend the night. His reasoning makes sense: That’s far too much to be lumping on the child, especially immediately after informing him of the relationship changes. Pepper smiles at the three men sitting at the table.
“Wow, I really wasn’t expecting a show.”
“N-Natasha’s,” gasps Steve; his back arches, bring Tony’s mouth closer. “She – oh, Hell, Tony – she taught me things, gave me all this for, for you.
“No one else can get in without your permission,” she assures him as they cross the threshold, “not even Tony. Unless it’s an emergency, such as you slipping in the shower and knocking yourself unconscious or if you’re being attacked.”
music filtered out, and Frigga’s smile widened. She listened for a moment before closing the lid and setting the box aside.
“Because you're hopeless when it comes to dates,” replies Clint without an ounce of shame or apology.
“I am aware of how our first interaction has coloured your opinion of me, and I… I accept that. The way I behaved is unforgivable, and you and Mister Stark have every reason to have said ‘no’ to my involvement. Declining would have been fully understandable. So I thank you for allowing me this opportunity to begin making amends.”
“Still a kiss, Cap.” Natasha drops lightly to the floor and pads to the fridge. “Talk to Stark yet?”
“Peter Parker, sixteen, Queens, Midtown School of Science and Technology, best friend is Ned Leeds, guardian is aunt, May Parker ー”
“Okay.”
The notification light on his phone is blinking by the time he gets back inside. He unlocks the device to see Tony's texted him.
child. I swear to every God in existence, if you fuck up like this one more time,
“Sorry for the intrusion, Captain, but Sir would like to see you in his quarters.”
“You want a kid with me.”
The woman is still there at dinner. She sits to Steve's left, between Steve and Clint, across the table from where Tony usually sits. Tony debates ducking out of the dining area, but it's too late. Sam has already seen him and is pulling the chair out for Tony to sit. This action causes everyone to notice Tony, and he doesn't have any choice. He steels himself like he's heading to the gallows, drops down onto his seat, and wishes he had alcohol to deal with this. Rhodey follows and sits next to Natasha like the traitor he is, but Tony can't really blame him. Clint tends to try to start food fights most nights of the week, Sam, well, Sam is okay, and Bruce and Tony usually talk to each other about various topics all relevant to science, so of course Rhodey would want someone to talk to that wouldn't be wrapped up in discussion of polymers, genetics, and biochemistry. Thor isn't around, which is understandable ー Jane is in town giving a conference speech about Einstein-Rosen bridges, and Thor hates to miss any chance to listen to her. He has been very adamant about his love of Jane and her brilliance. And Tony's glad the man's got someone to love. Seriously. Couldn't have happened to anyone better.
“This was really great, Tony. The surprise picnic, the ritual, the-the sex, everything.”
“I have spent the last couple of decades wanting to meet you, to be with you in places that didn't occur in our heads.” Steve steps closer slowly, gazing at Tony with an unwavering intensity. “I have tried so hard to convince myself that I was okay with only getting to have you when we slept, but I'm not. I haven't been for a while. I never needed to know who your family was, how much money you have, what your life was like out here, to know that I want
“I know we’ve been, um, ‘going bare’, but… can we use a condom?”
“Belay that, J. Steve, c’mon, don’t. I’m fine. I mean, I wouldn’t say no to getting outta here soon. This hotel sucks, my reservation
. His body is immobile, unmoving beyond minute trembles, and every breath burns in his lungs, tears at his throat. He gasps loudly as the last icy tendrils of his nightmare fade away; a woman’s voice calls through the cheap wood of the door.
“Oh, absolutely not. It’s all me.”
“No, we won't.” Steve leans forward, resting his elbows on the tabletop. “I won’t lie, I think you should, I think someone should know in case something happens, but we won't tell May if you really don't want us to.”
… … …
“We’re doing this.”
Shockingly, during those four weeks, the world was – mostly – quiet. Any stirrings of trouble were easily taken care of by SHIELD, Natasha, and Clint. The “assassin twins” came home from each send-out with little to no damage inflicted on them. The lack of villains bent on destroying the world has been slightly perplexing, but Steve can’t deny it’s been nice to not have to worry about saving Earth with all the training and planning they’ve been doing.
Steve laughs quietly. “So you’ve said. Oh, don’t forget his clothes on the bathroom counter.”
Steve takes a deep breath and nods once. It's all he can do, his voice isn't working now. His mouth is dry, his chest is tight, and seriously, why is Tony staring at him like that? Steve flinches as Tony closes the door, the quiet
“You know what to do.”
“Hey, hey, you’re okay.”
“Uh, yeah, I do. If that's okay, I mean. If not, well, I guess I'll get over it.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t think me offering money would cause such a fuss. I just… Steve, you have to realise that I didn’t mean to offend or upset you. It was literally just to pay you back for babysitting a kid you don’t know. I mean, I know you’ve seen him around my apartment a few times, but you’d never actually met him before I just dropped him off at your door. And I never would’ve done that if it hadn’t been an absolute emergency.”
Steve stares down at the letter a moment longer before turning his gaze to the contents of the package. “1” is a navy blue dildo, thick and long and realistic; he forces himself to look away. The second is a vibrator with a cylindrical tip attached to the body with a piece of flexible rubber. An electrical cord is wrapped around the length of the wand. The last item is another dildo that is a vivid pink and slightly smaller than the first; this one has a suction-cup base. He’s terrified to even question it, but there’s a note beside it with clinical instructions written in Pepper’s neat hand, followed by Natasha’s “
“I swear to God, Tony, if you don’t ー if you don’t get inside me, I will kick your ass.”
“I shall try, but it is not easy. That someone would do their best to destroy someone, a
written in Sharpie on the side; the handwriting is unfamiliar, causing a sense of foreboding to tingle up his spine.
They come to a stop outside of a door that has a miniature version of his shield inlaid in the deep mahogany wood. His fingers itch to run over the gleaming design. Instead, he puts his thumb on the scanner by the doorknob when Miss Potts directs him to. A blue light illuminates under his finger before flashing green, and the lock clicks as it disengages.
“Okay. I still can’t believe you’re really here,” Tony whispers as he brushes warm fingers across Steve’s cheek.
>>Known HYDRA bases.
“JAR-JARVIS? Can...can you help? How do I, how do I stop?”
Tony hesitates but eventually capitulates. Peter clings to his father for a moment, and Steve wonders if he's made a mistake, though Tony doesn't back down, just reassures the child that he's okay. Soon enough, Peter is in Steve's arms, and as if someone's cut his strings, he slumps against Steve's chest, sniffling pitifully. Tony heads further into the apartment, and Steve follows him to the kitchen. He takes his sketchbook from Tony's hand, setting it on the counter and flipping through the pages until he gets to the latest drawing. He holds it up for Peter's scrutiny.
Cameras flash, blinding and rapid, and Tony gives them his best smile, ignores how it suddenly feels so wrong on his face. Thankfully, it doesn't take long for him to walk the gauntlet, ignoring the questions being shouted at him along the way, and he's sliding into the backseat of the limo in a few short minutes. The drive back to the tower is uneventful, quiet, and Tony watches as buildings and people pass outside of the window. Happy pulls into the underground garage, idles by the elevator, and Tony waves him off and steps out on his own. He doesn't board the lift until the limo has disappeared from sight, most likely heading back to the gala for the rest of the team.
And now he's eighteen and in college, and Tony's nineteen and already graduated. This time, they're in a dark room, sitting side by side on Tony's bed, and Tony is drunk and still in mourning though it's been exactly two years since his parents died. The anniversary of their deaths is difficult for Steve to handle, and he doesn't want to imagine what it would be like if the roles were reversed, if it was his Ma in the ground and his heart ripped from his chest. Tony’s fingernails dig into Steve's palm as they cling to each other tightly; Tony clings for comfort, and Steve clings to keep Tony here with him, selfish as always but unwilling to give up any time with Tony.
“Why? He
“Thanks, Ma. So, now that I’ve been rude, how was your day?”
“We’ll deal with them if they decide to make a fuss,” promises Tony with a shrug. “They’ve known about my relationship with Steve since the beginning, over a year ago, and nobody’s said anything. I don’t see why they would now.”
“Ya know, people are starting to wonder if you and Steve are in couples’ therapy.”
work, too.”
“I know, sweetheart, I know how bad it feels. How ‘bout this. I can take the morning off from work, and we can walk to school together, okay? Then I can talk to your principal while you go to class, and I’ll come eat lunch with you. Would you like that?”
“I don’t want you to regret this!”
“Good, good. Thirty minutes, kids.”
“Hey.” He presses a gentle kiss to Steve’s temple. “What’s going on?”
When Steve gets to the destination, all he finds are a burnt-out shell of a building, what appears to be a body crumpled in the doorway, and two guests. Smoke spirals into wisps over still-smouldering sections of the walls; Natasha stomps her foot down onto a patch of weak flames attempting to grow, then walks over to the truck. Sam is wearing his goggles, examining the ruins. Steve sighs, pushes open the door, and steps out onto the dry, cracked dirt.
“Pep, it’s not –”
just a tool used by someone else. A tool has no emotions, no preferences, no thoughts of their own. A tool wouldn’t have been able to walk away from all they’d known. But you did. You’re not the spy assassin for them any more. You’re a damn good spy for SHIELD, a badass Avenger, and the best aunt an unborn baby could ever dream of having.”
Nobody moves or speaks for about thirty seconds, then the basement is filled with pandemonium. Tony immediately moves to Steve’s side, shedding a gauntlet on the way. His skin is blessedly cool against Steve’s cheek. Loki suddenly appears behind Natasha; he and Tony start arguing over the quickest, safest way to get Steve to the hospital. Clint shoves his way through, tugging Steve to his feet as gently as he can while being quick about it. With a guiltless “Sorry” to Tony, he pushes Steve into Loki’s arms.
. The adrenaline coursing through his veins means he doesn’t feel a thing as he barrels through the wall, off-white plaster giving way to expose smooth dark corridors. He finally stumbles to a stop in the middle of a cordoned-off street, the sheer volume of people talking and the colours all around overwhelming him. His head aches at the cacophony of noise, and his heart aches at the proof of time gone by, of all that he’s lost.
Steve collapses onto his side, making sure he won’t crush Tony’s body beneath him, and lets out a content sigh. Tony turns his head and peers blearily at Steve, dark eyes glazed from exhaustion and orgasm. A chuckle works its way from Steve’s chest as he stretches to press a soft kiss to his lover’s bare shoulder.
he knows who I am. If we all go in, he's going to be on the defensive. He's going to fight his way out, because he'll think we're here to capture him. But if it's just me, maybe we can talk, maybe I can reassure him that we're here for his safety.”
Loki nods, Thor’s grin returns, and Tony follows Steve out of the apartment. Steve asks JARVIS to pass along a message to Natasha and Clint, then heads to the communal level to wait. The duo file in moments later, and Tony grimaces to himself and makes his way into the large kitchen. After grabbing a cheap beer and a bottle of incredibly strong vodka, he joins Steve on the couch, passing over the drinks. Clint nods his thanks, but Natasha doesn’t react further than twisting off the cap and taking a long swig. Steve sighs; Tony wraps an arm around his shoulders and pulls him into his side.
Her answering smile is one part knowing, one part tinged with sadness. “Tony anticipates everything, especially worst-case scenarios.”
Natasha has her knives out of Steve’s reach and in her hands before Steve can blink. Her shoulders are tight with tension as she storms from the kitchen. Clint lets out a low whistle. Steve turns toward him, confused.
He drags Steve closer, holds him tighter, and falls asleep still whispering reassurances.
“I accept these gifts as tokens of your gratitude. Eira, Havardr, Thor, please leave us.”
Tony doesn’t stop, his mouth and hand working in tandem on Steve’s cock, a finger of the other hand pressing lightly at the skin behind Steve’s balls. Steve doesn’t try to hold back now, just fucks up into Tony’s mouth as he chases the orgasm that’s so close. He comes with a hoarse cry of Tony’s name, and Tony works him through it. Steve collapses onto the floor, breathing quickly and heavily, as he tries to regain composure. The blue-white circle on his chest thrums, vivid in the dim light of the holoscreen candles, and Steve presses a hand over it, his heart racing beneath his ribs. Tony crawls over Steve, leans down to kiss him ー just a soft, tender thing. His erection jabs into Steve’s belly, and Steve reaches down to wrap his hand around it. The angle is awkward, but since neither of them seems to want to separate, Steve doesn’t give a damn; he strokes Tony’s cock as fully as he’s able, spreading pre-cum along the tip with his thumb.
Steve taps on the thumbnail of the image that Tony sent, groaning at the sight of him resting his head on the arm of the couch, a throw pillow against his chest, completely asleep. He closes out of the message thread and stands, stretching out the kinks in his back. He makes a detour to the bathroom, does his business, and then heads to his bedroom. It doesn’t take long for him to fall back asleep in his bed.
… … … …
Steve’s response is cut off by whispering amongst the queen and her advisor. She holds up a slender hand, and the man falls silent, barely concealing his frustration, but Frigga says nothing of it.
“That I’m going to have an amazing, wonderful, perfect fiancé in six months.”
“I can see why that would be a fear for both of you. At least you had warning that Steve was undergoing a gender-swap –”
