“What about you? Does it hurt?”
“I know where she is.”
Centuries of Hunters dutifully honoring the ritual and tending to the Mountain, and now, on Dean’s watch, it had inexplicably crumbled down.
“Satisfied?”
“Arthur Ketch. Pleasure.”
“He doesn’t seem to know about us though.”
“All right, fine!” he said to Sam. “Just—at least, get in there and talk to her. Yeah?”
“And we
It turned out that while everyone had kept their hands to themselves, so-to-speak, Bela had nonetheless took the opportunity to let Sam know of her availability. And interest.
Castiel gently took hold of Dean’s face. “Thank you. Without you, I would have never done what I should have done a long time ago.”
While his phone appeared to be in perfect condition, he noticed the “No Service” status was still at the corner of the screen.
Dean clenched his jaw and took a step towards Lucifer, but came to a halt when Castiel lifted his arm signaling him to remain where he was.
Dean gave out another moan that resonated through Castiel’s entire body, making his cock twitch. Dean, despite being overwhelmed, sat up as best he could and gently pulled Castiel by his arms, lifting him to his feet, and causing him to let go of him.
Dean’s expression was not encouraging, thought Castiel. Ignoring the anxiety spreading all over his chest, he met Dean in the kitchen area.
They simply remained as is.
Not wishing to make it worse for himself, Dean couldn’t find it in him to deny anything until he knew precisely what they were referring to.
first.
And Castiel bit hard on his lips as he sure as hell was not about to share that piece of information out loud
Castiel lowered his eyes and involuntarily shifted in his seat. He let go of Dean’s hand for an instant, and pulled on his sleeve. “Dean, I—it’s complicated. I—I wanted to tell you. But I—I just didn’t. The timing—and it—and then, not unlike admitting my feelings for you, the longer I waited, the more difficult it became to tell you. Like it was old news and—well, it wasn’t
“What’s that?”
“Not long. Just over half an hour perhaps,” he said, offering Dean a cheese ball.
“This pile is the must get. It’s mostly classics because I love those,” he said, pointing at the second largest pile.
Once he was satisfied that no one was paying attention to them, he snapped his fingers and was then magically wearing his grey janitor uniform. The one he had been wearing at Crawford Hall the first time they had met him. And for the final touch, he gracefully waved his hand, and a candy bar manifested itself in his hand.
Dean paused, realizing what he had said.
“You cooked?” he said, taking in the sight of Dean wearing an apron and a wooden spoon in hand.
“Maybe you’re human.”
Castiel flinched. “Are you suggesting I’m lying?”
His heart was suddenly racing as panic was spreading in his chest.
Gabriel: Like not even a month in?
“I’m okay.”
“Dean, listen to me. I—all I want is for you to be happy. But not by my standard or anybody else’s. Yours. Whenever I suggested you go out with people, it wasn’t because I felt bad for you or because I thought you
“I’m just used to it,” he admitted. “I should probably take a shower. Keep an eye on the kettle and we’ll make breakfast once I’m done with my shower?”
“Come on! Seriously, Sam?”
Sam remained perfectly still, holding his breath.
“We just don’t talk. Not that we have much time to do so. But even then, I’m not sure he wants to.”
So they nervously took a seat at an empty table and scanned the room quickly, searching for her, while trying to not look conspicuous.
Dean blinked.
“S’okay. I kinda deserved it.” He sighed and repositioned himself. “I do omit certain things, which totally counts as lying. But it’s—do you believe me if I say it’s because I want to protect you?”
“You don’t believe me,” said Dean, smiling.
“Hello, sir,” said Castiel, as he took a few steps towards the desk. It wasn’t until that moment that Dean noticed he was holding a garment bag. “I’m just dropping off.”
“Hey! What are you—”
And though he had desperately attempted to avoid this topic, dreading the potential implication, he also knew that he had waited long enough about his dream situation and should ask Balthazar about it. He was evidently aware of the most obvious explanation behind them—he wasn’t that stupid—but he also knew that dreams could also imply something else, and he thought if he would know for sure, perhaps the dreams would stop.
Dean held his breath. “A lot—everything was my doing,” he said to Castiel. “Do you think it would help if I talked to her?”
Castiel lifted his eyes and nodded. “Sort of. It’s complicated. I—anyway, that’s not important right now. The point is that I couldn’t leave you there. Alone and—not like this. So, I stayed. I poured all of the energy I could master into you to save you. That’s why I was kneeling over you. That’s why my hands were bloody and why it looked like—and even after all this, you still barely made it.”
Discouraged at the news, Dean sighed and cursed everything.
Gabe: Take a nap.
Now, as enjoyable as this was, after a few slides, it became clear to Castiel and Dean, that they did not share Jack’s stamina.
Since Samuel had brought Sam and Dean to live with him after their parents’ deaths, Dean had done nothing but look forward to the day when he would finally be able to leave this place. So much so that, if it hadn’t been for Sam, Dean would have left well before his eighteenth birthday.
you had asked for six months specifically, did she?”
Sam: What if we pretend it’s true.
Nor what it might imply.
Their eyes met. And the numerous questions Dean wanted to ask a moment ago seemed suddenly unimportant.
Looking surprised to find him there, Dean closed his dressing gown and quickly reached his side.
“We don’t have to.”
convention. An event so the fans of the books can celebrate Sam and Dean’s story together.”
“I—yes. A friend,” said Dean. And then, trying to follow Castiel’s approach of speaking in codes, he added, “A friend who asked me to spend time with him.”
“No. But they will expect it.”
Lost in his thoughts, battling reasons and emotions, listing pros and cons, he stayed in that fashion well after his noodles turned cold.
Guests eventually arrived. Someone started the music at some point. The crowd became bigger and louder, which would normally mean that Gabriel would have to leave and play host. And yet, to Castiel’s surprise and Sam’s delight, he remained with them. He had to leave their company a few times when someone was asking about the refreshments, but for the most part, Gabriel made a point of staying with the both of them.
“Do it.”
It was the sun shining on Castiel’s face that woke him up on Sunday morning. Though its warmth was obviously pleasant, its brightness was a mild discomfort to him, even if he kept his eyes closed.
But this task turned out to be much more difficult than he had thought, when Sam and Castiel were laughing avidly on the other side of the table.
“And festive drinks or food,” he said, smirking. “I think it will be good to remind myself that not everything about this holiday is annoying. Especially since I usually like this time of year.”
“Did they say what they wanted with them? Why did they think you would know?”
Which rendered Castiel extremely curious as to what on earth had Dean so worried he might have uncovered about him.
Dean finally moved his hands away from his face, revealing once more his pitiful state. He repositioned himself on his chair and crossed his arms over his chest, while keeping his eyes fixed on the table. He paused for a second and then said, “Because sh—she saw me with Cas.”
Grinning, Dean said, “You keeping tabs on me?”
And then their shift ended, the store officially closed its doors, and all four of them were cleaning up the work stations in silence. With Castiel and Dean locking eyes. Both tired. Both debating on saying something. On what to say. But before either of them did, Alicia asked Castiel if he could help her fetch new wrapping rolls to replace them.
“Oh yes, please, by all mean, let’s pretend that we’re here as a good deed and not out of
Regardless of their final decision, Sam and Dean felt an incredible amount of gratitude for Jack in that precise moment.
But in the early evening, he tried to put Castiel out of his mind, and after a quick stop at his place where he showered and gobbled down some leftovers, Dean found himself across town, in one of the nicest neighborhoods.
“Is that Dean and Cas over there?”
“So, um, how close is it?”
Dean was really trying to hold it. And he did. For about a minute. Until he said, “Cas, I’m—” and before he could finish his sentence, a warm stream was felt on their stomachs, while Dean was quivering all over.
Castiel was not diverting his gaze and his expression remained unreadable.
“I thought you said you wanted your snitch breathing?” said Dean, shaking his head, refusing to take the weapon.
Castiel lifted his eyes, tilting his head. “We don’t always agree, no. And this, on too many subjects for my liking. And given that we are a large group, it comes to be unbearable rather quickly.”
He could feel his stare on him, as though Castiel was following him like a hawk.
Gabriel observed him carefully, lifting an eyebrow.
“I know.”
“What?”
Michael walked passed him, heading for the door, while Castiel didn’t move a muscle. He stared at the window, watching snowflakes falling. His heart was heavy and he felt like he had aged years in one conversation.
While wearing the sunglasses.
“What? How?”
Michael started laughing. “Did he now?”
Jack.
Unlike his house, Donna’s was nearly a glass house. The outside walls of the kitchen and living room, which were facing his home, were definitely made of glass, in any case.
“Yeah. The booth still represents the store and well,” Dean made a face, glancing around.
“Yeah. So Granddad was now stuck with a massive house he didn’t really want. Sam moved in, of course. He was still in high school when it happened. I stayed with them during my school breaks.”
Confused, Dean looked at her.
The whole place seemed decent.
He picked up one cookie but remained silent.
“No weddings this time. Pam said it will be Christmas parties for companies. The first one is tonight. It’s gonna be fine.”
“I—you won’t believe me. I don’t even believe it.”
And they hadn’t even left the foyer yet.
“I—this is difficult. I’m not really sure where to—” he cleared his throat once more, and then said, “I always liked your work. The paintings you’ve been posting online. I came across it one day because of the fan art. I had never commented before because…I don’t know why. I know people post things to share them, so it’s not like they don’t expect comments, but for some reason, when something resonates with me or I just thoroughly enjoy it, I get discouraged from saying so. Even if they are a complete stranger. That’s the part that always weirded me out, actually. That a stranger managed to…I don’t know…reach me? I know it’s stupid and, of course, I don’t necessarily mean in a deep, life altering way, but…”
“How? I know you have money, but—that surely didn’t cover everyone.”
“You say you haven’t seen a whole lot of Dean this week? Don’t be so sure he hasn’t noticed, either.”
a Milton,” said Gabriel. And then he added, nodding his head, “Technically speaking.”
Trying to ignore the jitters in his stomach.
“And why was that?”
“Me too. Where will it be next weekend?”
“That’s why I let—let you go,” he whispered. “But I had every intention of getting you back. Of making sure you could come back.”
“After the ranch was in the clear,” he started saying, “I—I needed a distraction. I had done it all for you to come back and then it didn’t seem like you would. I had a little too much time on my hands and...” he sighed. “Being on the ranch, without you there, it became—I needed to get out of there. We still needed more investors—and clients. And now that I had lost a big chunk of people who used to do my legwork…it was time I started doing it myself. I looked back through the list Granddad had pulled together last summer and there had been a few names we hadn’t gotten to yet. Normally, I would do this over the phone or via Skype, but given the situation, I thought a face-to-face would drastically increase my chances. I, um, hadn’t been in a hurry to reach out to them at first because they weren’t exactly in our backyard. But after everything, I decided I should try. It felt surreal. But I was okay. I met a lot of interesting people. But it was all business.”
“Of course,” said Dean as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Love the show. And I came across some fan art before. This is so cool. Is that what you do? All fan art of Dr. Sexy?”
“Great. Then, tell me what you’re going to do about that situation, then?”
“What are you going to do?” asked Sam.
“I know. He told me. But back then, I—and I also wanted to do this right. So, I left early Saturday morning to break up with Lisa.”
“Yes, you still have a lot to explain yourself,” added Lucifer.
A long pause followed, and Dean knew he had exposed himself.
“Cas.”
The food not only spoiled far slower than usual, but it was also tastier than ever before, despite using the same recipe and ingredients.
“The thing is,” said Dean, after a big bite into his toast, “even if we do all this, it still doesn’t guarantee everything. I don’t really care about selling him one of the businesses—I’m not thrilled about it—but he’s right. Next to this place, it doesn’t compare. But I’ll be pissed if I do this and then it still somehow doesn’t change anything. Or if he’s revealed to be a two-faced backstabbing jerk.”
“See,” said Dean, beaming at Sam, “that’s the difference between you and Cas. Supportive friend.” He gestured at Castiel. “Harsh brother,” he finished, waving in Sam’s direction.
“When did you get here?”
“We still have the same hiking trails we used to have,” he said, pointing at the back, past the stables, “and we even created a bunch of others way on the other side. Those are a little more ‘artificial,’ because we planted a few resting spots along side them, but they are really popular and beautiful. And that’s the secondary building. We added it a few years after the big renovations. We started expanding on what people could do here, so we needed a place where we could stock all of that. We tried many things. Some worked better than others, and some didn’t. But the main attractions are, of course, the horses and the private cabins and cottages.”
And Castiel felt a large smile form itself on his face.
“But then I—I was freaking out. What the fuck was I supposed to do now? You—you were coming back with me.
Knowing it was rather pointless to lie, Gabriel said, after clearing his throat, “Right. Um, so, um—see, when Sam and I couldn’t find you or Dean, I walked Sam home and I waited out there in case you showed up…”
For a long minute.
The one topic that he feared he would never have the right answer to.
One quick, yet meaningful, kiss, filled with affection.
And while Dean hadn’t necessarily been glad of the way the night had ended, the fact that he hadn’t been overly heartbroken about it, suggested that his feelings for Richie would remain just as they always had been.
But Dean remained silent.
“Wait! Dean, please! Hold on—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I am. But I—I really don’t want to fail. I’m not like you with cars…and with everything…I was hoping to go on my birthday, but I don’t think it’s going to be possible now.”
“Yes. What does it need to be about? Do we ask questions?”
, we will also stop at Castiel’s on our way back to make sure he’s okay and so you can speak to each other.”
The air was dry and chilly. Dean wrapped his arms around himself, only to realize he had forgotten his coat inside.
. I’ve never been the Boy King.”
ideas.
“Cas?”
“I simply hope he sees that nobody is impervious to mishaps, instead of—”
At least they weren’t completely stupid.
“I can’t believe I’m going through with this,” muttered Dean under his breath. “This is fucking nuts. Even at this point.”
And bring him back with them.
“Sorry.”
“It’s all right, Sam.”
“I can’t tell,” said Dean, finally glad of breaking the awkward silence. “Nobody seems upset, so I guess there’s that?” He took a deep breath. “I hope Sam gets through to him because I failed big time.”
How long had they been there? How difficult had it been for Sam, Dean and Castiel to retrieve those unique items?
“It’s—we can do without it. I don’t mind,” said Dean, leaning in to kiss him, but Castiel stopped him.
there? You do spend long hours at the bookstore.”
Which was why he urgently sat down next to Bobby and Jo, who were near the main entrance of the hotel, away from the talkative crowd. They learned quickly that Becky, being true to her word, had given the Ghostfacers and the four hunters a detailed account of the situation, as much as she had been privy to, anyway.
Sam dropped his sub on the table. “Gabriel, do you know how long I’ve been saying this?”
Despite the fact that your father severed ties many years ago, I never stopped caring about him and your family. I know many would call me a fool to think so, but to this day, even with everything, he remains one of my very best friends. And I am glad to have known him.
After a little while, Gabriel decided to change the subject. “Cas, are you going to tell me?”
He couldn’t wait to finally be home and see Castiel.
“Yes. And no. Maybe.”
Castiel: But we already knew each other. For almost a whole year before that. And
He was right. There were about five people within their vicinity. A couple across the street. An old man who was smoking by the door of what looked like a pawn shop just ahead of them. And two teenagers, who were laughing loudly, crossed paths with them.
They both sat at the edge of the bed. After a series of sweet kisses, Dean’s mouth slowly ventured down Castiel’s neck. His chest. His stomach. And just as Dean was moving his head towards Castiel’s cock, he was stopped midway when Castiel, smirking at him, gently leaned Dean’s head upwards and kissed him on his chin.
Which means that, very soon, you’ll be able to find me at my new residence right across the lake.
Dean, nearly insulted by his insinuation, frowned and turned to Castiel, expecting a firm rejection of Crowley’s claim. But Castiel’s eyes remained fixed on the other man with a grim look on his face.
He swore loudly, pulling the covers over his head, in a frustrated manner.
Swallowing, Dean said, “Like what?”
Gabe: Come on.
When she had held his hand.
“Talk about betraying yourself.”
“Hmm?”
His long silence and hard stare made Dean’s mild anxiety spread in his stomach, until he heard the other man say, “So, what is the purpose of your visit, Mr. Winchester?”
Knowing it could only mean one thing, Castiel, trying to not feel too annoyed, grouchily pushed off his covers with his feet. He stared at the ceiling for a moment, as he mentally prepared himself for what he was about to witness. He then sighed deeply, slid off the bed, and wrapped himself in his housecoat before stepping outside his bedroom.
Sam pursed his lips. “No tricks?”
And then, obviously, opened the box and started eating one of the two chocolates inside it.
Gabe: Shoot.
“Dean, just say it.”
“I—um, I don’t really remember.”
Sam nodded, failing at holding down his grin.
Sam laughed shyly with him.
Instead, in a gratuitously slow manner, he pulled up his pants, while looking directly at his friend.
“Wait, you were already here? But how—”
His attraction for Castiel, it seemed, was that obvious.
But Sam and Jessica had argued that it would do him good to not stay cooped up in his house for once. And in many ways, he knew that there might have been some truth to it.
Doubts.
“I saw you after that.”
He stared at him blankly, processing Dean’s nonsense.
“A museum? Really?”
“I was wondering…how long has this thing between Cas and Dean been going on?”
Dean averted his eyes.
Castiel, holding his breath, studied Dean for a second. “You really don’t have to do this. I don’t even know until—I feel bad, I—you already had a long day and—”
“If she asks to speak with you, I’ll let you know, but I doubt she will. And you shouldn’t have to. This isn’t your fault, Dean.”
“No, Sam. You will talk to him at the breakfast table, because if you feel like you need to explain something to Dean, it probably means your mother and I also need this explanation. I, for one, have many questions that demand pressing answers. Starting with where is Castiel, a detailed account of what exactly happened last night, and why was I woken up by the worst phone call of my life.”
“Going to ask Lisa?”
“What is it?” he said, shaking the box delicately. “Is it fragile? What color is it?”
“And here I was hoping he’d show up as an astronaut,” said Sam, which granted him a frown from Dean.
Dean blinked. “You’ll help us?”
With a heavy heart.
“Are you okay?”
“Is he okay?”
“We’ll survive without you for a few hours, Dean, and we’ll see you when you come back home. You can tell us all about it, then,” said Sam.
Dean swallowed. “A mechanic.”
Biting on his swollen lips, Sam tightened his grip on Gabriel’s waist, as he felt tingles on his lower back.
He took the seat next to him, desperate to not overthink too much. “So, did you just get here? To the pub, I mean.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Never mind her, we’re talking about you and Dean, now.”
“Cas?”
“What? What makes you say that?”
“Why didn’t you tell me any of this, Dean?”
“Like, I get that you can’t stand me or whatever,” he continued, cutting him off, “even though, I really don’t know what I did, but—”
“All right.” Castiel gently nudged Samandriel back with him to the desk where they spent most of the remaining half hour seeing to the furious customers that had accumulated at the desk.
“Are you or are you not fucking him, Cas?”
No one.
“Okay,” said Dean. “Um, can I—can I just know…I mean—” and he stopped there, huffing and puffing with his hands resting on his waist.
Dean returned to his initial position, shut his eyes for a moment, muttered something under his breath which Castiel was convinced was “Fudge,” and then smiled awkwardly when Richie reached their table.
“I was just wondering about the box. The one you left for the pick up orders. There is no tag on it. Who is it for?”
“We are leaving right now!” said Jessica.
It took Dean a moment before reacting. “Of course,” he finally said once the message had reached his brain. He hurried to his cupboard, fetched his small bag of sugar and swiftly handed it to Castiel.
“I’ll take a walk.”
Shortly after this, once all the dishes had been washed and put back in their respective spots, Sam said, “All right. I think I’m gonna head out now.”
Wishing nothing more than to be left alone, Dean followed through with their suggestion and walked to his bedroom door. Without even stepping into his room, but staying by the doorway, he quickly grabbed a change of clothes from the clean laundry basket that was resting by the door, and went directly to the bathroom.
He immediately dropped the phone on the coffee table and sank into his couch with his hands over his face, breathing deeply.
As far as he knew, staying in for a quiet evening was everything but Dean’s style.
Dean’s cheerfulness suddenly dissipated as he reflected on the gigantic task.
Dean turned his head to take a look at it, bit his bottom lip and repositioned himself as he was. He paused a moment, thinking, and said, “Tempting. But—and I can’t believe I’m saying this—but I’d rather we stay here. Warm. Like this,” he said, easing one hand on Castiel’s ass. “Besides, there’s still plenty we can do.”
Dean shook his head. “No.”
This was confirmed later on a Tuesday night when Sam put his book down, after a long sigh, and took a seat on Dean's bed, where his brother had been lying down, listening to music quietly.
Dean let out a laugh. “No, we don’t.” They were facing each other again and Dean rested his hand on his chest, smiling brightly. “We don’t even need to decide right away.”
At first, Castiel expected Dean to direct them towards one of the luxurious cabins (since he knew that some of them were free at the moment), but it became clear that wasn’t the case as they headed in a completely different direction.
And like Dean, John kept working silently.
“Sam? Can I ask you for a favour? Can you—is it okay if I ask you to keep that to yourself?”
And waited.
Glancing over the crowd to spot the others, they found Becky conversing with Ellen and Rufus next to the bar, Ed and Harry were trying to get the attention of someone dressed as Bloody Mary, and much to Sam and Dean’s dismay, Gabriel appeared to be in deep discussion with the event manager, as they were examining his clipboard, no doubt scanning through the convention’s schedule.
“Well, I don’t know if that’s encouraging or not, but I’m pretty sure the pace will pick up soon enough.”
“But he brought you back. And that,” said Bobby dramatically, “I think is a massive indicator of who he really is.”
Balthazar was still standing there with a watchful eye.
“And he speaks,” said Gordon.
“If you’re looking for Jess, she’s not here yet.”
And then, Gabriel told Sam about Kip’s visit at the bakery, as well as the insinuations he had voiced. He also recounted his awkward encounter with Bela on the same night.
Sam: Are you okay???
Which happened to be Valentine’s Day night.
circumstances. Of what I’ve heard though, which isn’t much, it has to be done the right way.”
Despite the fact that Dean was feeling loquacious, and that Castiel had reasoned that simply staring out the window would eventually get dull, he nevertheless remained quiet and decided to simply enjoy the stunning view from above, while the two friends carried on with their conversation. He took in the impressive scenery, miles and miles of nearly untouched nature, of trees, lakes and rivers, of mountains and hills, green and snowy, which was so overwhelming, enough to make him feel insignificant.
Dean had been ready. He had been expecting a thorough interrogation from his grandfather for a while now and had prepared arguments for the occasion.
Dean hadn’t had any intention of using the highway for long. He just wanted out of that damn neighborhood as fast as he could.
“But some were found to possess astounding skills. Potential for personal aid. Sure. Something everyone needs.” Nods were avidly given in the audience. “But what about security? An army?”
Castiel was now within his reach.
And not long after that, once Gabriel revealed to Sam that it was a projector, and that they had set it up together, a virtual gorgeous Christmas tree was displayed on Sam’s wall. It appeared real enough and kept changing tones and colors. Even the decorations, like the ornaments and lights, altered.
“Through one of the windows.”
Gabe: I just need a hint so I can guess.
Dean swallowed hard. “The only place they really shouldn’t have gone.” He then grabbed his gun and said, “They’re in freaking Lawrence.”
“He—he’s a friend.”
Something that Dean was very grateful for.
So, he obliged.
But he let out a groan of disappointment when he woke up the next morning and could still hear the rain pouring. Nevertheless, he waited. He continued his morning just as planned. He showered, got dressed, and ate his breakfast. He checked his emails and fixed the cupboard door that needed tending.
And yet, still feeling numb, Dean remained seated and unable to tell his father a thing.
Still as statues, they simply gawked at each other.
And just as Dean, after giving him a short nod, had begun turning on his heels, Castiel said, “Dean—Dean, wait.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
As the rain remained and grew in intensity, he tried his best to not constantly check on his phone.
Defeated, Sam shut his eyes. “Which ones?”
“Yes, that’s me, ma’am. I’m Castiel.” They shook hands.
But this turned out to be a short task, and after settling in, they momentarily stood in the room wondering what to do then.
“They?”
Sam paused, offering Castiel a moment to take in what he had just told him. And indeed, judging by his serious expression, he seemed to be reflecting deeply on the matter.
They gazed into each other’s eyes quietly for a time. Dean slowly reached out for Castiel’s hand, and squeezed it. Feeling jitters in his chest, Castiel slid himself closer to Dean.
Castiel hoisted him on his waist, ceasing his tickles and looked at him, faking a serious stern. “Hmmm. I guess I’ll have to take your word for it.”
who was hitting on the girl, not me. And while she sincerely didn’t seem to mind at first, her tune changed when her giant boyfriend came out of nowhere to brush you off. He hadn’t been rude,” said Dean to Castiel, “but the message was clear. That would have been the end of the story. But
“I didn’t say a
“We—we were invited without being told what it was. Sort of.”
Following his gaze, it took Dean an instant before finding him, and when his eyes finally fell on him, he held his breath.
Sam sighed. Desperate, he turned to his father with a pleading face. “Dad, I… I need to speak to Dean al—alone for a moment. Please, it’s very important.”
“Dean.”
He could feel the pull in his stomach growing.
The journey back to the hotel was done silently, with the weight of a tension in the air. The drive hadn’t been long and when they had arrived at the hotel, they walked side by side in an unhurried manner down the hallway. They both knew things would need to be discussed once they were on the other side of that door, and considering what had happened the last time they had initiated a heavy discussion, even if neither of them were that upset at the moment, they still both dreaded the possibility of a sour turn springing on them.
“Dean. I’m close. Do—if you want something else, you have to tell me.”
“No.”
“You don’t have to stay.”
And they were blue.
“You know who Crowley is?” Gabriel asked her, stunned.
And no Gabriel.
“Jesus, Bobby, what is it?” asked Ellen, on the edge of her seat.
"Hey! You did it! I knew you would, but—you aced your paper. That's awesome, Sammy."
“If that’s the case, then please explain why on earth did you propose to me? Didn’t you think I would have noticed you lied about everything? Like what was that? When everything else failed you—”
Castiel did his best to not shift on his feet.
The crowd was bigger and louder than ever. Desperate to leave, he charged through it, but grew frustrated at the hassle.
Lifting his eyes towards the ceiling as though he was pondering on his choice of words, Patrick said, “I was thinking more like a trade, of sorts.”
“Don’t think I can wait that long.”
Which had been why Dean had done a quick search online once he had learned that Castiel’s last name was Novak.
Castiel looked down. Hearing Sam supporting the idea of him and Dean being together to that degree…It was almost enough for him to reconsider Sam’s scheme. Firmly believing that he shouldn’t, however, he then remembered another important detail that Sam wasn’t aware of yet.
And Castiel knew it.
“Everything ready?” he asked.
“I don’t buy for one second that Dean, my brother, said any of the cheesy stuff to Cas.”
“I think we’ll be okay,” Mary told Naomi.
“Also, considering the topic I intend to discuss and whom it involves,” he continued, sighing deeply, “it will most likely lead to other details that I think you’d prefer keeping to yourself.”
Cooked in bacon grease, no less.
“We would rather not put it in that fashion,” said Metatron, walking around the desk with his drink in hand, “but essentially, yes. Usually, given what you did, we would have made examples out of both of you. But last night, when we confronted Castiel about it, we… came to an agreement.”
“Then why were you planning on leaving them?”
Castiel didn’t look happy. And yet, he stayed put.
Every time Castiel had questioned Dean about potential destinations, by making suggestions or directly asking Dean if he had a place he would fancy, Dean, without completely shutting down his ideas, clearly conveyed resistance to the propositions. He insisted that he himself didn’t have any preferences on the account that he had never taken the time to reflect on that matter for years, because the ranch had kept him too busy.
Dean held his breath and remained silent, as he had no idea what to say
“Oh, hello? Hi! Is this Castiel? Castiel Novak?”
“That’s what he said. I was just on my way to find them.”
“What? I didn’t—that’s not what I said.”
“You can’t honestly say that after what you’ve seen me do,” he said, looking upset for the first time that night.
“I don’t know. I have no idea. I know I need to…process a few things. I—the best I can answer right now is to take it one day at a time until the six months are done and then…I don’t know.”
“Sorry about all this, Cas. I know your family is complicated sometimes. But you’ll think about it, right? About staying with us? It wouldn’t be the first time anyway.”
And still no sign of Castiel.
He lay down next to him and asked Dean, “Slept well?”
And both men let out short laughs.
“I don’t know,” said Sam rather grimly. “I started studying last month…I feel like there’s so much to remember.”
“It does?” he said, lifting an eyebrow.
“And after discussing it with her,” he continued, “Saturday night was the only time that fit both our schedules. So, I thought, just this one time, and because it’s her, we’d make an exception and pencil her in after hours. It’s that or I’m suggesting the twenty-fourth.”
Castiel laughed wholeheartedly.
Sam and Dean were sitting at the kitchen table, doing their homework, while their parents were busy preparing dinner. Dean usually liked this tradition, as it permitted him to work on a bit of homework, while still being surrounded by his family members.
“So I should take the top one,” he said, almost daunted by the task of climbing it, as he stepped closer to the bunks.
Silence.
. What on earth could you possibly learn about us here that you couldn’t by simply…I mean, what the hell?”
Finally, the back door opened with the third man dragging Sam behind him.
“Dunno yet. The whole place was trashed so there’s no way of knowing which ones they took.”
Nodding his head, Dean shyly smiled at him. Tempted to say that this was different, he was suddenly worried about how it may sound, so he let himself sink deeper in the water, with the intention of not commenting.
the bar, surrounded by people he knew and had indeed interacted with them.
A mini cluster of people dressed as themselves.
Samuel remained silent. His eyes then fell on Sam for a second, and then back on Dean, clearly not appeased by Dean’s vague answer.
And those questions might unfortunately take a lot of time to answer.
“Because I recognized your attacker. His name is Ishim. He saw me. Interacting with you. He saw—I’m not sure if he planned to peg it on me all along, but I know he did this to you because of me. He wanted to make me pay.”
As the evening had progressed at the party, Sam and Gabriel had continued to enjoy each other’s company by laughing and sharing anecdotes without taking much notice of everything around them. Eventually, however, they had realized that a significant amount of time had passed and that Castiel should have been back from his bathroom break.
“Nothing,” said Dean, realizing he had been staring. “It’s just a really nice gift.”
As Dean fetched a cloth from his duffle bag, he then helped Castiel as best he could by offering pointers of where Castiel needed to clean his face. He retrieved a small cloth and generously poured water from his bottle over it. Seeing that Castiel was having no luck to clean himself, instead of handing him the cloth, Dean dragged his chair closer to him and then delicately pressed the wet cloth over his chin.
“Which one do you prefer?” Castiel whispered in Dean’s ear. “This?” He rocked into him, quickening his pace.
As Dean unlocked the door of the bunker, he took a deep breath, and tried once again to focus his mind solely on the fact that his mother was now, supposedly, safe.
“It is my understanding that Dean is very capable.”
“What were you doing there?” asked Castiel, and that is an excellent question. Yes, Dean. What were you doing there? That’s a very dodgy place to go. It’s almost like he was asking for trouble.
Dean immediately moved his eyes away and stared at the lake.
“And?” repeated Mary.
Dean swallowed hard.
“And I just—the party wasn’t very far from the house. So, I just… walked.”
Sam and Castiel nodded.
“Hello! Merry Christmas, boys,” said Mary kindly to them.
“Cas can help you out with that.”
“Shit. What am I supposed to do?”
“I know, but just—just answer the question, please. Have you noticed anything unusual about him? Anything?”
“Welcome to the club.”
Gabe: DEAN.
“Peachy. You? Your—your hand?” he asked, trying to sound like he didn’t care.
Castiel studied him for what seemed like an eternity to Dean. One hand then reached for Dean’s hip, pulling him even closer still.
The next thing Dean knew, an archive clip was projected on the wall depicting Dean and Castiel snuggled up, half-naked, limbs interlocked on one tiny bed.
“We already changed it. Everything we could switch to your name is done. And I had to argue ridiculously long with the guy at the hotel over the phone, so I’m not doing this again.”
“What’s that?”
“I know,” said Dean. “I’m sorry. I lost my cell phone. It’s probably wherever my keys are.”
Castiel bit the inside of his cheek. “I just—I—I didn’t slow down one second and that—that’s just…”
“If he accepts, you mean,” said Jo.
“That is not comforting.”
He harbored a bright smile, which was apparently contagious, as everyone stepping to the counter seemed to suddenly turn cheerful.
Later on that same night, Castiel was abruptly woken up in bed when something fell on his stomach.
What he was craving was a warm touch. Some skin contact. With affection.
“Yeah, well, we
“For starters,” added Gabriel.
“Me too.” And Sam didn’t need to ask Dean.
All that being said, it was not until the Saturday in question that Castiel’s resistance finally diminished.
“It’s a secret,” he snorted.
Castiel pondered on it. “I was worried. And I also felt guilty. I wasn’t directly responsible for Mary’s fate, but I feel like I had something to do with it.”
Castiel rolled his eyes.
And definitely no sex.
Alone.
A small box, which could have contained anything from a watch to a phone case.
Cas: Home is as bad as to be expected. And thank you. I’ll be there.
This had been the accumulation of this week’s realizations.
Castiel swallowed. “I didn’t quit. Per se. I—Naomi insisted that I hadn’t respected the guidelines of my leave, and based on the, um—nature—of some of the rumors linked to the whole thing…She gave me the option to immediately come back home and supposedly plead my case, but—”
“Well, you’re not wrong. And maybe I’m not, either.”
There was a short pause and then he said, “You really are insufferable at times, you know that?”
Based on the expressions of his colleagues, they, like Dean, didn’t appear to be in any distress or aggravated.
, as far as Castiel knew, “but it still qualified as casual. That being said, I’ve only known him since I moved here, a few months ago. I don’t really know much about Dean and—”
Just like the few days before, he conditioned himself to not glance at Donna’s house. He simply parked the car, stepped out of his vehicle and rushed to his front door as quickly and quietly as possible.
“That sounds bad,” said Gabriel. “I… should I stay and help?”
“Dean? Answer me.” He stepped towards him.
“Dean, no!”
Dean cares for you. He always has. I know he will be fair to you in your arrangement.
“Because you don’t have a choice?” suggested Gabriel. “Because you’re Sam freaking Winchester, it’s the ‘right’ thing to do and all that hero complex thing?”
“And sweaty?”
Smiling shyly.
But long gone were the days when Castiel could seek out the guidance of his old friend.
There had been bad blood between Mary and Samuel from the moment she had started dating John in her teen years. Samuel had not approved, and even though John had been nothing but a model citizen, respectful of Mary, and loved her more than life, it still hadn’t been enough for Samuel.
“Walk into the sunset?” said Castiel, smirking. “Although, I suppose our situation is more
“I sorta know where this is. There are plenty of places where we can head over after, so that’s good. But why there?” he asked. “Like, what—” he paused, when he—as carefully as he could—quickly passed another vehicle that was going too slowly for him. “What makes you think this place is safe?”
No suspicious vehicle parked outside. Or shady guys lurking around.
That was almost the goddamn end of Dean. He let out a long cry, which was followed by numerous curse words.
Sam and Castiel’s late afternoon had been well spent and in good company. Sam had tried his best to cheer Castiel up once they had learned of Dean’s plan for the evening. Part of him was happy for his brother, but the other part of him was deeply irritated with Dean too. His brother’s actions somehow made him feel like they had both failed Castiel.
Dean lifted an eyebrow. “English, Sam.”
But nothing much beyond that, and especially during Christmastime. For reasons unknown to Dean, Mr. Redfield didn’t make a fuss of the holidays. He typically travelled somewhere exotic and returned home in the new year with a sunburn on his nose.
“He will need to rest and wear the sling for the next few days. Earlier we went through directives that he has to follow for the next few weeks, which are all listed in some literature I was going to leave with him before he was discharged.”
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand.
While Dean had managed to remain still, his eyes had lowered and followed the motions of Castiel’s finger.
Her demeanor instantly changed. She wasn’t throwing at him angry looks, but there was something dark in her eyes, filled with pain and fear.
“It would be a very ill-advised thing to do. Reckless.”
“No. Maybe. But not in a bad way. I think it’s like you said. It’s us, just… different.”
Sam let out a small laugh. “Maybe not. I have to head out. This was…spontaneous of me. I’ll probably regret it tomorrow morning.”
Which made it very easy for Dean to spot the dark-haired man, dressed in shorts and a bright blue tank top standing by the table, holding an extension cord, looking around him as though he was trying to find an outlet.
He stayed still as a statue.
He also, as discreetly and gently as he could, suggested for his son to leave the sunglasses—and Belphegor, as one did not go without the other—with Castiel.
one last time on his way back.
“It would,” said Castiel finally, “as we are already married.” He lifted his left hand, revealing his wedding ring, which he had made zero effort to hide.
He took a deep breath, and not quite believing he was about to say it, he repeated, “You did nothing wrong. This isn’t about something you did or—the problem, so-to-speak, is with me. I want to make that clear.” He awkwardly moved his hands, and not knowing where to put them, he rested them on his lap, playing with his fingers. “The thing is that I like you.”
“No,” said Dean, urgently. “I do. I do like it. It’s good. Thanks—thank you.” He stepped forward and reached for the beverage. “I was just not expecting that. That’s really nice of you. You didn’t have to do that.”
“The funny part was that we thought it was Gabe.”
“No.”
“Less awkward?”
Which was troubling.
Focusing on their pizzas, they remained silent for a few minutes.
“Awesome,” said Dean, sighing in relief. “Where are my keys?”
“It’s no problem, Dean. The least we can do is to support you. Just—everyone is saying hello, as always. And I know it’s complicated, but I—don’t be a stranger. If you can spare the time.”
“In a manner of speaking, yeah,” said Dean, remembering Isaac’s conversation with Samuel. But then he added, “Okay, so…what you’re saying is that…what? There was a mutiny or whatever, and basically, Hess is in charge and the Garrisons are toast?"
“Whatever this threat was, I don’t know if it’s simply because of who am I, or the reason why I’m here, or both even. But whoever it is, they are evidently not happy that I am here.”
“Come, now,” she said, smirking. “Anna caught you playing yesterday. We all know you still play—how can you not? You’re so good at it.”
“I—I can’t believe you’re here,” said Dean finally. “How did you know where I was? Or where I work?”
doing here?” He swallowed. “What are
“Yes.”
“Huh. Well, now you know.”
in the middle of night though?” he added, gesturing around him with a look of disgust.
“Do you still have them?”
Only to suddenly stop.
Cas: And then he moved up to me.
And before entering the premises, he boosted his morale by reminding himself that all he needed to do was to keep to his usual plan.
He couldn’t help but notice Dean’s flagrant guilty face.
“Tonight?” said Dean, surprised. He found it curious that his first emotion was shock rather than eagerness at hearing her proposal. Thankfully, Lisa hadn’t seemed to have notice.
They had now reached the edge of the parking lot and were heading towards the car.
“Add a shot of coconut rum too, please. And keep them coming.” And at everyone’s confusion, he said, “It is a legit drink and y’all don’t know what you’ve been missing.”
And just like that, he disappeared from Dean’s view.
Returning to the boys’ misadventures, they left the cargo ship and boarded Henriksen’s ship, where Castiel and Dean got tossed aside, right onto the floor like a pair of old socks.
But something was different.
Dean, desperate for it, pushed his ass against him, enticing Castiel to get busy right there and then.
Castiel nearly felt ridiculous with his last-minute choice, but thankfully, no one seemed to judge him.
“You have to. You definitely should.”
It had been nothing short of a torment and he wasn’t in a hurry to repeat the experience.
“I am tired. But I’m fine. Actually, I’m more famished than anything else.”
, no! I—”
Now, had the announcement been about the typical greeting or perhaps an inquiry about misplaced items, cars parked in wrong places and so on, Dean’s escape might have been undetected and not urgent.
And throwing things at them, too. Castiel barely dodged her cup. Dean got drenched by most of its content, however.
The intruder was on the ground, inert, and Dean was standing next to him, shaking his right hand, as if it was painful after punching the guy.
“Of course, Dean. Don’t worry about it,” said Donna, and Castiel nodded at him.
“Then what is the problem?”
“No.”
“So, you memorized all the dry-cleaning businesses in the city even if you’ve never frequented them?”
With one arm across Dean’s back, and the other hand gently pulling Dean’s head backward, thus exposing his neck, Castiel twirled his tongue on Dean’s throat.
“How about you don’t worry about that for now, focus on studying and I’ll try my best to convince Samuel to make an exception. Just for Saturday.”
“But it’s not nothing,” added Dean understandingly.
But the dreams continued rolling in, and soon, not only did they increase in intensity and content, thus making it impossible for him to deny their nature, they also became much more frequent, and Castiel grew wary that Dean would start noticing soon.
And although Castiel knew he was only teasing him, as Dean often did, there had been something in his tone that had made Castiel wonder if he wasn’t saying this as lightly as he wished him to believe.
Dean promptly nodded, beaming at him. “I guess I could do that if that’s okay with you guys.”
“Absolutely,” said Dean, before the guy had even finished his sentence.
Castiel tried as best he could to keep his breathing under control and remain in this exact position. His arms were shaking, supporting his weight.
“I need to speak to my brother, Winchester. In private.”
And he certainly avoided Castiel’s eyes.
“But I really wish to attend the one about you,” argued Castiel.
Knowing full well that he might regret it, Castiel decided to give Dean a taste of his own medicine from the night before and said, “I don’t remember you doing so. But even if you did, I wouldn’t expect her to call you anytime soon considering you spent the night serenading me about how beautiful my eyes were.”
“The one and only, yes,” said Dean.
THE END
“You mean…” incapable of finishing the sentence, Castiel stopped there and focused all his attention on Mick.
He nodded vehemently.
Castiel walked up to him quietly and snatched him up, holding him in his arms. Jack startled, let go of the present and giggled.
“When? Since five seconds ago when she walked in on us?”
All from Sam.
Dean took a deep breath. “I don’t really like to travel because I get nervous. As you saw. It was never a problem before, but—I,” he stopped, clearing his throat. “Ever since my parents died, travelling has become an issue. It didn’t happen over night. It’s not like I stopped the day after they passed away. But it has been worrying me since it happened. And the less I did it, the more—” Dean stopped again, taking a deep breath. “Anyway, because of how my parents died, I—I…traveling became an issue.”
With chic tablecloth.
When he didn’t feel like drawing closed his black and white plaid curtains, that was.
Jack had liked working with Rowena. She had been very kind to him and she didn’t mind his questions, either.
“And if they say no, and they will most likely say no,” continued Castiel, “then that’s their answer. That pretty much goes for any favour. No point in asking again. If they say yes,” he said, sighing, “it won’t be for free. The price will be high.”
“Okay, um. I thought you might have and—but now, okay, I—I don’t know how to say this. It’s—this is weird.” He retrieved an envelope and from under his coat.
And his whole body shook.
“And you—you went to this?”
He definitely would in the future.
Patiently giving Castiel time to put his thoughts in order, Sam observed him carefully, as worry rose within him. Castiel kept pulling on his sleeve. Sam swallowed and felt guilty for asking too many questions. It was clear that Castiel was no longer comfortable with this subject matter.
“Makes sense, Granddad taught me.” They both burst laughing. “Not that I would dare insult you, but you aren’t exactly a professional dancer, either.”
“Right.”
“What for?”
He watched Jack, who was seated next to Sam, trying gently to wake him up, and just as he was about to call for him, Rowena stepped into his periphery and yelled, “You boys better tell me what in the bloody hell is going on?”
Perhaps it was mostly due to his personal curiosity than a strategy point of view, but Sam needed to know. And if it would give them intel on how to gain the upper hand on Deanmon and Godtsiel, then he wasn’t going to argue about it.
It was a soft kiss at first. As if he was treading with caution.
“You were nearly done with your fourth, actually.”
But here he was.
“I’m too mad, Dean! I feel ridiculous. I don’t—this is not a good idea. I need to leave.”
“Really?”
“And in comparison to me?”
But not this time. Even if he cleaned the tables, swept the floor, and occupied himself with refilling some of the tea jars that had been emptied during lunch, he was still left with too much time on his hands.
Dean was eyeing him like he was trying to read his mind. Sam found consolation in the fact that at least he wasn’t ignoring him anymore.
“Sam helped you do this?” Gabriel asked after Castiel’s tale. His brother nodded. “Why?”
So much so that he had to remind himself of the reason why he was driving that car.
Chuck pursed his lips for a moment, staring Gabriel right in the eye, only to lean back in his chair. “Nothing.”
“I don’t know how,” he said in a low, desolate voice, without intending to.
Which was why he had made a point over the years to limit his attendance at social gatherings, soirées such as these in particular.
was no longer what Dean perceived the scene to be. And the next thing he knew, Dean had taken off his own shirt, and let Castiel—no one else—use the brushes on him.
about that?”
He repositioned himself in his seat, tilted his head to the side as though to stretch his neck and back a bit.
Once their errand was done, with a fresh loaf of bread in hand and on their way to the car, Castiel slowed down his pace when he noticed the lights at the Winchester’s Pet Groomer were still on.
“It’s no problem mate.” Castiel overheard some noise in the background, with someone saying something incomprehensible. “Shit, I have to go,” said Balthazar.
“All right. He is listening to Belphegor.”
“No. But, you know…”
“But it doesn’t matter, because just before Lisa arrived, Cas, he…he stopped. And I’m—I’m sorry, Sammy.” Dean was now looking straight at him. “I’m so sorry.”
“I’ll get you the perfect remedy and a magic burrito, and you’ll be fine.”
Another questionable prospect, thought Dean.
“I always cared, Cas. And based on what Henry did, I think he cared a whole lot too. And so does Dean.” And Castiel shut his eyes, holding down a lump in his throat. “I was so happy when I heard you were at the Winchester ranch.”
Dean shut his eyes, feeling tingles on the back of his neck.
“I know.”
Once Gabriel received his plate of pancakes (Sam and Castiel opted to stick to hot cocoa as not to spoil their dinner), the Novak brothers spent the next hour amusing Sam with crazy stories about their family, some of which had occurred in that very booth. Like the time Gabriel and Lucifer had an eating contest a few years back. “I won!” said Gabriel, proudly, to which Castiel felt the need to add, “It was a very disturbing thing to witness.” They told him of the time when Lucifer had mysteriously high-jacked all of Michael’s food and had managed to add weird ingredients to it, such as garlic in his waffles, and lemon and lime in his coffee. He even had added chili powder instead of cinnamon on his French toasts—which had been Gabriel’s favourite. They still, to this day, had no idea how he had succeeded at such an accomplishment.
“Yes.”
“It could be Annie Hawkins arriving early,” said Dean as casually as he could.
He poured the pot’s contents at the base of the archway and adequately placed the few twigs to facilitate a fire. Satisfied of the presentation, he then added the slice of pie and the scraps. He lit a match, made sure the flame caught the twig, and took a step back, shut his eyes and cleared his mind.
Rope. Soap. Two bottles of oil and a few boxes of matches, as usual, as well as some fruits and vegetables, whatever was available in the village and didn’t spoil fast.
To which he turned his gaze at Castiel for an answer.
And although Castiel didn’t say yes right away, and waited a few months before doing so, in that moment, there was no doubt in his mind that he eventually would. And he and Dean shared a sweet lingering Christmas kiss, the first of many.
“Hi. I—sorry, about, um, that.”
Since they had left Dodge City, a few hours ago, Jack had been rather grim-looking. The incident with the security guard had deeply affected him and it seemed that no matter what the other three told him, nothing appeared to soothe his mind.
“It might be helpful. They certainly would be far more qualified than me. But if you’d prefer not do that, I’d like to help you. I have no idea how, but I’d still like to help you.”
Until he heard knocking on his door.
Dean nodded, and tried very hard to not picture Castiel in a suit.
It was as if something was off.
When Samuel was fed up with numbers, he then told Dean to return to the desk for now, and that he would ask for his help if things got out of hand.
“Cas, I’m not joking.”
She observed it with fascination for a long time. In silence.
Gabriel: But as far as I know, you haven’t asked him, though. Right?
But only said it in his mind, though.
“No. Not exactly. I—I really am working.”
He sighed deeply.
“Yes. By all means.”
Castiel smiled.
Biting his bottom lip, Dean pondered on Sam’s suggestion. “I’m not saying yes, but I’ll think about it,” he brought himself to say.
His chest was swollen and it was as if Castiel’s heart was in his throat.
Almost nervous about it, he was surprised, however, by the actual contents of the box.
“It happened somewhere else?”
For the following few minutes, it seemed that his new bench companion was also in a contemplative mood, which he was grateful for.
And again, no leads. No survivors or witnesses. And bloody.
That was obviously not the right thing to say, as Dean let out the biggest sob of his life. One so deep and raw, as if it had been lodged in his throat for a long time.
Castiel took a step forward, and she lifted her hand over his chest but didn’t touch him. She didn’t need to. She shut her eyes and took it in.
Gabriel frowned. “Cas, I just asked you if Dean—”
After thanking him, Dean expected the typical quid-pro-quo, but all that Patrick said was, “You’re welcome.”
“Dean? What’s wrong?”
She wasn’t mean or anything. She didn’t put him on the spot. She wasn’t rude. She wasn’t looking at him like she wanted to kill him either—a superpower that Dean believed girls had sometimes (although, if he was honest with himself, guys also had that effect). But no, Amelia did none of that.
Dean looked him straight in the eye for a long minute. His bottom lip moved. And just as Castiel thought Dean was finally going to say it, Dean lowered his eyes, and turned his back on him.
“Was he holding you hostage?”
Silence.
A bright green light was coming from the desk. Which had been hidden from him until he had moved things around in the office.
“Thanks, but I was on my way to Fairbanks.”
Sam was about to say something but got interrupted by Jack. “Wait, I’m confused. Are they from a different universe or are they simply you from…before? Like time travel?”
“Show off!” yelled Dean at her, which made Castiel laugh tremendously.
Dean let out a deep sigh as he sank in his desk chair.
Ketch, exhausted from the confusion, asked Castiel, “Before I get to the specifics of your escape from Carcerem, can you tell me what happened on that day? The day of the so-called ‘attack’?”
As Dean and I were busying ourselves with fending off the swarming Demonias around us, which again, tricky (we have the cuts to prove it), Castiel took a step back and looked up high. “Where did Crowley say Sam was being held?”
Castiel shut his eyes.
Nearly everyone in the room went “Ooooooh!”
Meaning doing fuck all.
“You remember?”
While Dean was taking care of the burger patties and Castiel was cutting the potatoes quickly next to him, Dean took the opportunity to examine the house more closely.
And just like that, Dean’s repressed frustration, which had been buried deep down for so long, poured out of him with no signs of slowing down.
“Bye.” And Dean thanked him as well.
The best part about this lie, however, was that it was the type of establishment and neighborhood that Samuel loathed. Dean had often heard his grandfather rant how these types of businesses that were spreading all over the city contributed to the increase of their rent.
, Rowena.”
Dean then stared at him with such tenderness that Castiel almost wondered if he was upset again.
“You don’t have to. I’d never ask you this, but you don’t have to, Gabriel. I told you, I liked her, yes, but she's not the one I like now,” he squeezed his hand, stepping closer. "You are."
Dean burst into laughing. “Shut the fuck up. You’re making this up.”
Given how socially invested Madge appeared to be, Castiel found it shocking he had managed to escape her so far.
“This is quite the royal treatment that I’m getting,” said Dean, watching him prepare the bed. “You better slow your roll or I’m gonna have a lot of expectations later on.”
Their eyes finally met.
And angry, he knew he would never fall asleep. Not if he stayed there.
He seized the bottle of lube as they continued their way.
“I know. I’m sorry. But I need to tell—”
Mildly hesitating, he glanced quickly at Dean for support, but he was apparently too busy still examining Castiel’s outfit to notice, so Castiel answered Sam’s question. “Dean gave them to me as a present when I first arrived.”
Thus, he reluctantly remained seated and told himself to enjoy his breakfast and the company. After all, Sunday breakfasts were the only occasion Dean and Castiel could actually catch up with each other.
“Cas, wait. Wait! Stop, please.” Dean stepped in front of the doorway blocking him. “Please, don’t go.”
“We are not afraid of her, if that’s what you are implying. People come here to avoid their problems as you know. As long as they stay here, we can keep those problems at bay for them.”
books. Being an archangel, you—you must know about
Gabriel bit his bottom lip, staring at his phone again.
“Shit. Did—did I ruin it? Did—”
Richie sighed. And after watching Dean for a moment, he said, “I blew it, didn’t I?”
Dean lifted his head to look at him.
He stood still, pondering on his next move, and after a short hesitation when he looked at his front door, he shoved his keys back in his pocket and started heading towards Castiel’s house, with the box of pie in hand.
“Thank you so much, Castiel.”
Wanting to have his fun, Gabriel said, “And why do you say those are women’s clothes?”
Thus, on the next day, which was Monday, Dean stopped at
Dean let out a sigh, and took a moment to gather his thoughts.
“Thank you.” And putting his wallet back in his pocket, he asked, “Was he a problem?”
The instant it happened, they broke apart in shock. They both held their breaths and, with a mixture of excitement and worry, they both assessed each other’s expressions.
Castiel: Which means what?
“It’s okay, Dean. We took care of it. Everything is under control.”
“Why?”
Castiel gently drew Dean closer to him by his shirt. “I appreciate the courtesy,” he whispered on his lips, “but I assure you, it’s unnecessary. I’m not
“I didn’t know you’d be here. But I had to start somewhere.” And noticing Dean’s confused expression, he added, “You said that the garage was walking distance from the store. I assumed it mustn’t have been too far. I Googled it.”
“I am?” And after a short hesitation, during which he had held his breath, he said, “Why? Why me? Why now?”
Dean didn’t dare ask in which context.
His thoughts jumbled up. Castiel, still not knowing what to say, lowered his eyes and exhaled deeply. Keeping hold of Dean’s hand, he walked towards the couch, where they took a seat next to each other.
But Castiel didn’t reach out for him. He put his boots on and grabbed his coat.
Water running. A chair sliding on the floor. Cupboards doors.
Samuel held his stare for a second and then nodded as he took a sip of his glass of water. Dean glanced at Sam again, who was now smiling at him shyly.
“So, he seems nice,” said Castiel. “Are you going to accept?”
“I—I don’t mean
“And he doesn’t want to run or come back home?”
Zap. Dean had to take in a deep breath after that one. His hands were shaped into fists.
There was a faint hint of confusion over Dean’s face, and after a short hesitation, he said, “He—he didn’t. Ca—Mr. Novak wishes to stay here with us.”
Suddenly aware that they were standing in the same exact spot where they had their fight the day before, they both felt tension and anxiety fill the air around them.
“All right,” she said, returning Castiel his phone. “Everything seems to be in order. Sam,” she said, turning to him, “you send me a photo of you three when Gabriel arrives, like we discussed.”
“That is a fascinating story, young man. However, none of this explains why you were hiding and eating food—candy bars, no less—in the library. What are you doing here? Classes are in session.” Gabriel opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, she added, “And Mr. Novak, before you tell me you have a free period, you very well know that I have a copy of your schedule as you’ve used this excuse one too many times. I know for a fact that you should be in History. So I ask again, what are you doing here?”
There was a long, dramatic pause when Castiel carefully weighed on his words, until he finally said, “How are things with Richie?”
Which turned out to be absolutely hilarious.
Dear Miss Hanscum,
“So? What’s the verdict?”
“Temporary?”
Once more at the Roadhouse, Gabriel and Castiel sat in their usual booth in the corner, awaiting their meal. They had begun discussing their siblings on their way to the diner in the hope of getting that heavy part out of the way quickly.
Unfortunately, it quickly came to Dean’s realization that lying about his employment to Samuel was far more complicated than he had initially anticipated.
He turned around and jumped, when he realized Dean was standing in the room.
“Yup. But son, even if the weather miraculously clears up in a few hours, which it won’t, knowing pilot Lafitte, this delay won’t make him want to rush to Fairbanks now. There are still two more stops before reaching Fairbanks, and because of the delays, who knows what other problem is gonna surface outta this. And there are always problems coming out of this. So, basically, even if you managed to leave this place tonight, you'll probably end up being stuck at your next stop for the rest of the night anyway. Either way, you’re not reaching Fairbanks tonight. Sorry.”
As she consulted one of the books from the library, which took much longer to locate than Sam would have preferred due to the room’s disorderly state, she listed a few ingredients that they would need. With Rowena’s private stash and what had survived from Team Free Dark’s destruction of the bunker, they were still a few ingredients short.
“Oh, that. They’re married.”
“Like belonging. Not out of sense of duty, but rather attachment. Like—”
Just like on Wednesday lunch, she knew Dean was hiding something and she seemed resolute to find out what it was.
“Do you know why I want to do this? Why I want to stop the Apocalypse?”
Balthazar: Because?
“When we hid here?” asked Dean. “Of course. I always loved that day. We had spent the whole day exploring and we didn’t come back until dark. We had a box of crackers and water with us. That’s it.  We made it the whole day with only that.”
“Probably not. Which is why I want to go with you.”
But the gate slid open again, enough to allow them to step inside.
Dean, finally coming back to himself, hurriedly passed his hands over his face to wipe away the tears as he tried to regain composure.
Okay, technically, I gathered that Castiel wouldn’t need that much sleep. We usually don’t sleep at all. But he’s different. He doesn’t—he’s just a bit different. And the fact that they had managed to keep him under cryo sleep for that long, proved that he probably needed rest once in a while.
“Well, if we all die, yourself including, it won’t really change anything if you get whatever it is you want now, does it?” said Dean, frustrated.
Dean was extremely satisfied to hear Castiel letting out a moan.
“Dean, that’s—that’s—this is amazing.”
But it turned out that finding Lucifer was not a hassle at all. The very first room they stepped foot in, after leaving the foyer, was Lucifer’s throne room.
Without thinking, quite naturally, and his eyes back on Sam, Castiel simply reached out for Dean’s hand, and squeezed gently and warmly.
Resting cheek to cheek, Dean was suddenly shocked by how cold his skin felt.
Castiel frowned. “Dean, I—I can’t—that’s just—”
“That—that’s true,” he said, after clearing his throat. “But sometimes you can be friends in a different way. Especially when, um, when you’re a…”
“Yes. Then, that’s it. I’d—you would still need to sign a prenup,” he said awkwardly, “but that’s juts for—anyway, that’s, um.” He cleared his throat. “But—six months, yes. And according to the rules, the moment we are married, I should be considered to be acting as the owner of the ranch. But if we don’t, like, if we break off the marriage before the six months, or if any of the other rules are broken, then the deal’s off because the condition hasn’t been met accordingly. Sort of. Let’s just say the six months are like the grooming and internship so to speak. I will be able to run it, which is more or less what I’ve been doing over the past years, only no major decisions about the ranch will be allowed during that period. Like—it’s complicated, but—yeah.”
He nodded to Samandriel and hurriedly followed him with apprehension.
Without a look back at Castiel.
“It’s—”
A blade made of bone. And teeth.
“Dean—”
This is often followed by a serene instant when you think “Okay. That’s that. Can’t really do anything about it. It’s out of my hands and I’m okay with that.”
“With Channing,” said Sam, rolling his eyes.
“Just give him the puppy dog thing and we’re good to go,” said Dean, smirking at him.
Once he came face to face with him, however, he froze.
Samuel sighed deeply. “Dean, I know you’ve stuck out your neck to help us—to help Sam’s future—but I just don’t want either of you to do the extra mile that could end up costing you far more than what you initially believed. Just…don’t get yourself too deep before you can’t back out.”
I know I've said this already, but THANK YOU for reading. For those of you who got to follow the story throughout December, thank you so much for your support. It really meant a lot. And that's an understatement.
It was the only thing that made him feel partially human. And in terms of coping mechanisms, he figured this one seemed healthy enough, so he indulged himself in it.
Gordon simply stared down at him. He didn’t launch at him.  He didn’t even harbor his annoying smirk, either.
The trip, though short, was a bit awkward. They listened to the radio. Exchanged a few looks.
She stared at him, and in a frustrated manner, she then shut the door, turned the “Open” sign on the door to the other side, and headed for the desk again.
Gabe: You suck.
“Not everyone knows that detail. For obvious reasons. And of what I’ve heard, he has a certain talent to operate from afar. To keep his hands clean.”
Sam and Dean then quickly selected five additional desserts from the display for them to bring, and as Castiel was finishing packaging a box of Danishes, Sam’s phone rang.
Dean sighed loudly and glared at him, annoyed. He bit his lips a moment and said, “Fine.” He leaned on his elbow, cleared his throat and locked eyes with Castiel. “I’m not doing the corny pick-up lines. But if I were to, um, do this with you, I suppose I’d start with your eyes.”
They stared intensively at one another.
“Well, at least, I know what happens, so it’s not too bad. And we can definitely watch a few tonight if you want.”
Once he figured that he had done all he could to improve his appearance, he sighed and turned the door handle.
“Look, we honestly didn’t come here to quarrel.”
Gabe: HE WHAT NOW?
Dean diverted his gaze briefly, nodding. But a warm smile was slowly forming itself on his lips. “You noticed that, huh?”
And tacky decorations roamed around them, serving as a reminder. As if they would have forgotten.
Sadly, the feeling remained and continued to grow, hitting him a little harder every time.
—that this is what you wanted. Not just—”
Sam nodded eagerly. “Done.”
“Mick Davies? Hess changed her mind?”
The following week was tense, to say the least.
“But I didn’t!”
Keeping his breathing under control, Dean nodded.
Eventually, with patience and perseverance, they succeeded in finding a new arrangement agreeable for everyone, and by the time their guests were leaving in the elevators to their rooms, they didn’t appear as annoyed anymore.
“I’m fine, really. I’m not about to have a meltdown, if that’s what you’re worried about. It’s just—” he started saying, but stopped himself.
Sam: I’m heading out soon.
“We’ll go check on that one, Dean,” said Bobby, zipping his coat. “But I doubt they’d be there. The trails were leading into the woods.”
“No. Obviously, just—come on, dude. You know what I mean. Just, speak clearly and with confidence, and that’s it.”
“You’re just joining us now?” asked Dean. “We’re almost done eating. Why so late?”
, my ass.” He paused, sighing deeply and then asked, “What happened at the diner?”
Rest was impossible.
Which was typical.
Sensing Dean stirring next to him, Castiel asked, “Perhaps I'm mistaking, but does it seem like they do
He repositioned himself on his seat.
Well,
She was right, thought Dean.
Until a guy smashed his window, that was.
Probably sensing his anxiety rising, Zachariah then continued with the introduction and the additional information Dean was now finally privy to.
“She’s very protective, with good reason it would seem,” she said, lifting an eyebrow.
They stayed on their backs and did nothing but listen to each other’s slow breathing.
Resisting the urge to turn around and face him, or even look at the corner of his eye, Dean kept his gaze ahead of him and waited with anticipation.
“Are you okay?”
“Okay, then. How about that: you owe us. You owe
family is, when you—I—”
“You see, there was a reason why I was picked to be King Michael’s warrior. It wasn’t a random decision.”
movie as a Halloween one.”
Annoyed, Dean sighed. He dropped his blaster on the armchair and gave Castiel an angry look.
“—miss you.”
Castiel leaned on one leg as he observed her, deciding if he believed her or not.
Up until then, Gabriel had hoped that Dean’s inquiry about Castiel’s possible odd behavior was due to his brother acting, at last, on his feelings for Dean. But according to Castiel, that was not the case.
Laughing and browsing through the various merchandise on display. Conversing with the occasional monster or spirit the brothers had once fought.
It was Dean.
The journey back was quiet. Castiel didn’t appear upset or tired, but unlike their first half of the trip, he was no longer staring at Dean.
“No, of course not, but—”
Unfortunately for Castiel, Friday had not been an improvement from the rest of his week. From the moment he opened his eyes in the morning, he knew that the best option for everyone would simply be for him to stay in bed and sleep the whole day through.
“Yeah,” he said, snapping out of it. “It’s just—it’s a really nice car.” And locking eyes with him, he added, truly meaning his words, “I’m really happy you have this.”
Of avoiding questions from both Sam and his grandfather about his weird attitude.
“I had to. I had to apologize,” he repeated. “I knew it would be—that you would—I was literally dying on my way there but I wanted to talk to you. To finally tell you everything. And I wanted to make sure you were okay too because you just—but Naomi she—um, she…”
Castiel exhaled in relief.
And this wasn’t his style.
“I probably should,” he said grimly. “I certainly will have to at some point to explain things.” He lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s. “It’s Hannah,” he explained.
“Well, he ordered it half an hour ago. He was gonna pick it up himself, but I told him to stay put as you were already planning on picking yours up just before closing. I figured you wouldn’t mind because of his shoulder injury and all,” added Donatello, suddenly rethinking his decision.
Thank you for the mods of the Destiel Harlequin Challenge to have made this possible.
Let me tell you something: Sam is a smart cookie. The guy, with an amazing tush and heart, is smart. Like, he has the brains. I think he has the whole package, but I realize I might be digressing right now.
“Sam? What—what are you doing here?”
Castiel's moment of hesitation at hearing Dean’s voice gave the intruder the chance to shove him into the wall, causing him to cut his breath at the sharp pain on his back.
’s story.
Dean did his usual swiping of the car, while Castiel took watch, and moments later, they headed towards the street.
“We’ll get Ketch as soon as we can. That was the deal and nothing changes that,” Dean added. “But, um, we also can’t ignore this mess. I mean, see it this way: if we die, we can’t capture the bastard.”
“And? There is nothing left!”
“Dean? Problem?”
“Why?”
“It is?”
Sam let out a laugh. “Sorry. A few more weeks and it will be all over. And it’s better than last year, right? Since you’re at the
And by Friday night, Sam had had enough of Dean’s avoidance and simply showed up at his door just as Dean had finished supper.
“Yeah?”
“I was in cryo sleep, you assbutt!” Castiel looked at him, incredulous. “I think I can honestly say that I haven’t done anything to anyone in quite a while. And that includes putting you to bed.”
“Seriously though,” said Dean, adopting a serious tone. “I—I would. If it comes to this, not coming back…I’m okay with it.”
“Has he been glued to Dean’s side already?”
And then, their family session was interrupted by the doorbell announcing Jody’s arrival.
Wanting to get rid of the faint tension, Castiel pressed himself on asking, “Did you learn slow dancing from Henry too?”
When Castiel looked up from his phone, Sam had already installed the game.
Alone in a large hallway where the walls were plastered with impressive modern art of vivid colors, Castiel was fidgeting on his uncomfortable seat.
“Fuck, you’re smart. Yes, that’s exactly why.”
everything.
After studying him for a moment, Castiel shook his head and said, “I meant—” and then he let out a small laugh. As if he had guessed what Dean had been thinking—the same way he always did—he said, amused, “I didn’t mean like for a boyfriend or anyone like that.”
They stayed in pajamas, and wrapped in additional blankets, they settled themselves near the fireplace, admiring Castiel’s odd Christmas tree. Dean had requested another cup of tea like the one Castiel had made him that same morning.
“Crowley,” she repeated. “The king of the crossroads.”
“And Cas is on board with this?”
“Okay, well, for now, let’s just be glad you made it back in one piece. Maybe some of the details will come back later on. Now, I know it’s a stupid question, but how are you feeling?”
Castiel turned.
Gabriel: As you told us that he knows where the action is…
“No,” said Sam, laughing. “I—this is so weird. I—you work here?”
And with this, Dean had finally reached his limit. About to explode, he launched at Gabriel.
She assured them that their meal would be ready soon enough, and after a warm smile, she headed towards the main counter.
Gabriel: So, it’s pretty late here. And since I’m on my way to an after party, where I am planning on getting massively drunk, I figured I could share this and say hello while I can still type properly.
Sam had to admit that Dean had a good point there.
Castiel knew it wasn’t true. He knew it wasn’t making any sense. And yet, there was a distinct note of truth in Dean’s voice, just enough for Castiel to contemplate his statement.
“I know the feeling,” said Sam, upset. “Even when I come back home at a decent hour—and I’m using this term rather loosely, here—I still have work to complete at home.”
“I need to go,” said Dean hurriedly. “I—I have to—thanks for the talk. See you around, Gabe.”
The morning light had arrived, bringing along the noise of the city rumpus caused by traffic and the like, much to Dean’s annoyance.
“I just—it’s not right, Cas. No one deserves that bullshit. Just—at least let me know so you’re not left to deal with it alone. Okay?”
“Pleasure doing business with you,” he told Gordon in a harsh tone, and slowly backed away towards the exit, giving room for Sam to do the same behind him, while still keeping an eye on the group.
Castiel took his time swallowing his sip of coffee. “Um, no. It’s not you. A few weeks ago, we actually changed managers at the store and some of my co-workers are university students, which means that their schedules also changed since the beginning of the new semester. All this brought a bit of a delayed adjustment because—anyway, long story short, I work most evenings during the week now. And half a shift in the afternoon on Friday and Sunday. It was the only way to not have my hours cut in half.”
Castiel remained silent and observed him, waiting.
He knew he was being silly, but he had gotten it into his mind that, for some reason, she was the one whom he wanted to share it with first, and so he decided that it would be so.
And for some reason, no one ever questioned this issue. Or seemed to be bothered by it.
“Coming in, you guys?” she said to the boys excitedly.
And then, this is when it got awkward.
Dean gaped at him. “Wait.
Not a look.
Dean shook his head, waving his hand “No, you don’t get it. I—I already gave these to Sam.”
“Okay,” said Gabriel. “I—Sam, it’s okay.”
“Tonight’s actually nice.”
“Cas, you okay? What’s wrong? What is happening?”
Patrick was now standing at the other end of the room, causing both brothers to jump at his sudden entrance.
With one quick look at the directions to the shop, however, he knew that he would barely make it back in time for his football practice, just driving to the shop and then to school. Thus, leaving him no time to actually speak to her without feeling rushed.
Why had they spared the house?
“What Mr. Garrison means is that while all we ask of you is really just driving the car, we feel that certain skills and attributes would be the safer approach for this.”
Once Dean noticed Castiel was back and standing in front of him, he smiled and said, “I told you I was good for it.”
Both Sam and Dean were now sitting at the dining room table. The coffee machine was brewing loudly in the kitchen, and Mary and John were both busy preparing something quick to eat during their family discussion, while they waited for Jody’s arrival.
Dean nodded. “Thanks.”
No longer able to help himself, Dean asked, “What is it? What do you need to bring back?”
After having tended to everything, and once Jack and Whiskey had returned inside, they then opted to continue their Christmas movie marathon, eager to slouch comfortably on the couch together.
And so were Dean and Whiskey beside them.
“Dean? Where are we?”
“I wouldn’t say a form of journaling or—but something like that. Nothing too deep. Just trying to reflect on my days while remaining positive, you know? And one day someone left a personal question in the comment section. I tried to answer it as honestly as possible. And then it happened again. And again, and the next thing I knew, for some reason, a lot of people started to seek advice about personal stuff. I just continued answering and eventually turned the blog into that.”
“I know. Which is why I warned you.”
And as he was thinking about going to bed soon, his stomach dropped when he heard a knock on the door.
“I’m not—just, um, what about over there? It seems like it’s a little more, um…”
“Of Roman Industries, yes.”
, imagine the heart attack it gave us, your mother and I, when we saw the Impala was missing from the driveway. So, explain yourself, right now.”
Castiel frowned. “No, of course not. There was nothing to be mad about. I was just confused. I didn’t know if I was reading too much into this or…I believe the appropriate way of putting it is ‘you were sending me mixed signals.’ It felt like that.”
“What? I—oh, that. Right. Shit. Um—”
Castiel nodded, reassured by Sam’s reasoning, though he still felt the urge to immediately check for himself.
“What?”
Convinced that the group was checking out Dean, Castiel turned himself to focus on his friend instead. “And what about you? Spotted someone?”
Dean paused for the briefest moment, but then continued sweeping, making sure that his eyes wouldn’t meet his brother's. “What about Cas?”
“You’re talking like the spell is trying to teach me a freaking lesson.”
Sam took a moment to ponder on Gabriel’s invitation, but his response remained the same as the last time.
But the adorable boy in question did not mind. In fact, he informed Dean that the main reason why he was so keen on having the kite was because his brother had one of his own. So now, he would be able to accompany him to the park without having to constantly ask him to share.
And as he was following the security guard who was built like a house, Dean was beginning to think going down this hallway was probably a fucking bad idea.
“Very good clues.”
“I bet it’s the bookstore. Cas works at
He came back to the living room with the plate of cookies and offered some to Dean (with a warning that it was hot) before putting it down on the coffee table.
“I bet.” And after he finished chewing on his cracker, Castiel added, “What did they do after?”
And although he felt momentarily uncomfortable, he also found the situation somewhat humorous.
Feeling the wind grow stronger, he turned on his heels and headed back towards the plane, where the pilot shared unfortunate news.
Castiel paused. “I—I won’t if you prefer that I stay in the car, but…I’d like to see this through until the end with you.”
“Oh my god, stop. Please stop.”
They found Sister Jo on Desiderium in a modest home. Quiet life. With a fair number of followers. But still low-key.
“No problem. I had a great time too. And I’m not coming back empty handed, which is very surprising for me,” he said, lifting his bags.
“What? How come?”
And right after he winked at Sam, he snapped his fingers, and he, Castiel, Sam, Dean—and even Baby—vanished, on their way to the demon named Crowley.
“What?” barked Dean. “No protests? Comebacks? Threats?”
And then, Dean’s eyes fell on what the boy was presenting him with his other hand.
Lying on top Dean, as they were both catching their breaths, Castiel savored Dean’s soothing hands caressing his back.
He turned on his heels and began heading towards the doorway.
So as they set course for Augure, a large, rocky planet—a bit too rocky for my taste, and yet beautiful—Castiel and Dean lay down some ground rules.
Or so he thought.
He nudged Dean towards him, and once they were face-to-face again, he studied Dean for a moment.
But Castiel remained silent, looking away from Dean.
People from his work he had left behind.
“Thank you.” And then, as he took a bite of his candy bar, he wiggled his eyebrows at Sam who, in response, rolled his eyes.
Dean began fidgeting on his seat. His anxiety was increasing with every mile and he was desperately trying to ignore it.
Castiel started taking in deep long breaths in tandem to help Dean. Dean’s grip eventually loosened, though he was still holding on to him, and his breathing relatively slowed down.
In the end, however, Dean put the tea leaves away, out of sight. While they offered a compelling argument against the existence of Castiel, he could not resign himself to that idea.
Cas: NOO
But nothing more than that.
“Yeah. Since you suggested this, you must have one.”
In all fairness, Dean had found the notes to have been a very clever touch.
The guard had evidently a lot more than Dean to deal with, but he unfortunately remained on his spot, his eyes on Dean.
, freaking out, made a pass at you despite that he was sorta dating Lisa
“I’m okay, Dean.”
Once outside, the humidity hit him hard.
On his short visits, he also checked out the library, rested in a park, which had an impressive amount of splendid willow and cherry trees, and was pleased to have run across an old theatre that, if the advertisement was to be believed, held a showing of a classic movie once a week.
He (and Belphegor) even seemed to particularly get along with a little girl of the same age, named Kaia.
And Sam didn’t think that was a coincidence.
And anxiety spreading like a poison at an impressive speed throughout Castiel’s body.
And for the second time that night, Dean was rendered speechless.
That being said, I seem to recall that this particular line of work was not what you had initially intended in life. I’m hoping that perhaps the change of scenery will offer you some insight on this matter, in whichever conclusion comes of it.
“I bet!” he said, chuckling. “Tell them to join us if you want. I’d like to meet them.”
But that certainly didn't meant they shouldn't try to fight back.
And her answer was both wise and unfortunate, thought Castiel.
“And he’s not stupid about it, too. He doesn’t over do it. He picks his target carefully. To keep under the radar. But that doesn’t mean he’s not keeping track of the big fishes as well.”
He opened the box and said, “Tada!” thus revealing Christmas decorations.
He knew it.
“Wait, Dean told you he was jealous?”
“I do,” said Dean. “But this is—this is something else. Capturing and holding Lucifer accountable for what he did to Sam is one thing, but this…I don’t think Venandi has the right to have this in their possession. And honestly, considering what could result from this, I’ll sleep better at night if I know it’s hidden and nobody knows where it is.”
Dean nodded quietly taking in Castiel’s words. “And um, what was the other reason?”
And Jack, quite expertly, managed to take one of Castiel and Dean, standing next to each other and displaying their nerdy Christmas jumpers.
, yes,” specified Gabriel.
He followed Pamela’s directive and instructions (on where to park and where to present himself), and on his arrival, he noticed how unusually anxious Pamela seemed to be and so, immediately offered his help.
“Relax your roll, Dean! He’s fine. I found him and he is being tended to aboard a ship.”
I held him tenderly, reassuring him that his nightmare was finished. That everything he was feeling would be temporary. That I was here with him. That he wasn’t alone.
“Dean!”
After a short pause, she then said, “If Castiel doesn’t need anything material, perhaps you can offer him something else, then?”
Which, Castiel had to admit, was the truth.
He sank into the armchair, and said, “Damn you and your…observations.” He took a deep breath, and said, “Things got…complicated on my end, too.”
“Cas?”
“Obviously not.”
And now she was struggling with the awesome dilemma of sharing said information, while knowing full well that Dean would most likely do something stupid after hearing it.
“A while ago. Adler, he’s—calling him pushy is an understatement. The only reason why I haven’t started yet is because the six months aren’t done, of course. No major decisions can be done until then, and Granddad had specified that included stuff about investors, like bringing in new ones or…buying them out.”
The water was cold. Not as brutally as he had feared, but cold nonetheless. After the initial shock though, he felt his body relax, and he reached the surface. He took a deep, satisfying breath.
“Hurray for that. Now come on, we’ll get you home at—” started saying Gabriel as he was gently pulling Sam towards the house, but Sam stopped him and remained on his spot. “Sam?”
Dean leaned his head back for a second, as if to take a better look at him, with an odd expression on his face.
As for Dean, though he would never admit it, he had enjoyed playing trivia. At first, he thought it would have been silly considering the obvious advantage he had over other people. It soon came to his attention, however, that underestimating Chuck’s readers had been a big mistake.
“No, you’re not,” hissed Dean.
“Hey, Cas.”
“They’re waiting for you.”
Which was why, without further ado, as the people were still applauding, Dean skillfully directed himself to the main door and hastily stepped outside, ignoring the curious looks shot at him.
“When I saw you that night at the club… I meant what I said. You do deserve it, Dean. You deserve to be happy. And you stubbornly followed me and insisted that you wanted none of it without me…”
“Is there one you’d really have a problem selling over keeping the ranch?”
“You okay?” he heard Castiel say, as he put his shirt on. “Something wrong?”
The miraculous return of his friend had made him feel like a functional human being again and this ordeal was not going to drag him into this dark hole of wrath.
There was no point in denying it: he was impressed.
Dean continued down the hallway on his own, passing by his own bedroom. He paused, thinking that Castiel might have been there, but the room was empty. He then continued his way, crossed the war room, which was also empty, and continued ahead towards the kitchen.
And he snapped out of it when it happened once more.
They were both standing on her porch after Dean had walked her to her door.
Touched at their kindness, Dean smiled shyly. “Thank you. That’s very thoughtful.”
Castiel took a deep breath, as he wondered if he would ever be able to have another conversation without this damn Belphegor being mentioned.
Dean gave Sam a firm nod, now remembering.
the whole summer. Six weeks to be precise.”
And the fighting began.
Still not looking at him, Castiel said, “Meaning what?”
During their first game, it was as it had been on their first evening. They were relaxed, chitchatting, and sharing laughter. They were having a good time.
“Oh my God!” She bounced on the spot. “This is amazing!” And then, she suddenly stopped, as though she wanted to calm herself and took a mini step towards him. “I know I’m not supposed to know, because the rest of the books covering that part of the story haven’t been published yet—”
Still holding his hand, he made sure to say, “Don’t ever think that, okay? That shadow has no fucking clue.”
Castiel stared blankly at him. And at his expression, Dean smirked.
“Someone likes to live dangerously,” said Dean, envious.
Castiel picked one grape off his plate and offered it to him.
“It’s just…I’m—I loved the gift—I’m just confused as to why he gave me this.”
The kiss was short and gentle, but effective. With a lot of heart and tenderness.
“Sam? HEY! GABRIEL! Put us back like before, you son of a bitch!”
Sam arrived not long after Castiel had sat in his usual family booth, and as soon as they were settled and had ordered their food, Castiel dropped the bomb.
“Yeah.” And then, Gabriel paused a moment, weighed on if he should add another detail about the matter or not, but chose to remain quiet, biting in lips hard.
And keeping warm.
So, while the odds were still favourable, it wouldn’t be without its share of issues.
Still staring at him, Dean reminded Castiel, “Almost.”
“You have very soft skin,” he said, sliding his finger along his arm.
With the Boy King now safely restrained, Sam decided to help Rowena get started on the spell. They wouldn’t be able to finish it until Dean and Castiel’s return, but based on what Rowena had explained about the spell, there was still a significant amount of preparations to be done before the most important part.
Daphne or no Daphne, feelings or no feelings, the fact remained that Castiel was only renting Donna’s house. His days were numbered. In a few weeks, he would be gone.
Except maybe Zachariah’s influence.
“Okay. That’s fine. But you’re staying over this week? Right?” Castiel nodded. “Okay then, let's try what I said. Just us—you and I—hanging out. If what I think is true, we should see a direct change in Dean’s attitude, which will prove my theory. If nothing changes, then nothing changes, and there’s no harm done so to speak. We didn’t fake date or lie to Dean.”
Dean’s stomach growled and they both started laughing.
Balthazar: Your face whenever we talked about our next trip. A road trip or
“And for alone time,” continued Castiel, ignoring his question. “Not alone
“Sam, I’m—I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
Which wasn’t nothing.
Of course.
“No, just…I didn’t expect that. You’re, like, super insightful and you don’t seem the type,” he said, gesturing at him. “Of course, that’s a totally unfair assumption based on your clothes. And a wrong one at that, obviously.”
Trying not to knock over anything, he carefully made his way to the kitchen to pour himself a glass of water to leave next to him, so he wouldn’t have to walk on the cold floor during the night if he got thirsty.
The contents of the box revealed itself to be quite a surprise for the Winchesters. Mainly because what was inside wasn’t a curse object at all.
Samuel put down his cup. “You better watch that tone, son.”
“Night, Cas.”
“Wh—what?”
“Yes. Don’t you?”
After a few cups, Dean went to the bathroom, and Castiel walked to the kitchen for a refill. Once he arrived at the counter, however, he noticed the bottle was already empty. Vaguely remembering something about other bottles in the so-called office, he dashed over there quickly.
“Dean, here’s a crazy idea: you know how you could learn more about him?
And after their second bath, where a lot of moaning, water splashing and loud grunting was heard, they eventually,
Yes. He had to.
Because now, he didn’t know what to do.
“Yeah. I mean, even if I have the blade, he still has the Colt.”
Dean swallowed and shook his head stubbornly. “No, please. I really want to go. I’m—you’re right. I can wait a little longer, but please, drive the rest of the way?”
Castiel was confused more than ever.
A short knock was then heard at the door.
Cas: O
And moved on to the whiskey.
Castiel blinked at this unexpected request, but nodded and withdrew himself from Sam and Mary as he started texting his brother.
Rolling his eyes, Dean continued, “Fine. Since we’re handing out names, then I suggest Deanmon and Godstiel for the other members of…what? Team Free Dark?”
Which was why he opted to use FaceTime.
Balthazar: Cas, no.
Instant relief then spread over Dean’s face, as he joined Castiel and Sam in their laughter.
“What is it? Something at the ranch?”
"It's just a few streets away."
“Thank you, Cas. Like, really.” He stood up, and just as he was about to leave, he stopped. “Wait, what was that meeting about? Can—can I ask?”
The freaking
“Tell you what?”
He could not stop moaning.
“Tomorrow works with you?”
Whatever. You get it.
Castiel: Ew. On second thought, don’t tell me.
And Dean.
So, Venandi, to avoid this nightmare, wanted to return Castiel under cryo sleep, under the charge of the BMoL, for the safety of everyone, even supposedly his own.
And by dinnertime, by which time he had long since switched to tea, he was slowly letting go of the strange dream of the night before.
, was an understatement.
He then faced him slowly, and after looking sadly at the group who were laughing as they took ridiculous poses, he began speaking softly.
Staring at his homework helplessly, but not really doing anything, Dean was upset. He had no idea how long he stayed in that boiling state, but it felt like an eternity.
“I assure you we didn’t,” Castiel told him, “as I still don’t understand what is being discussed.”
“You want to watch me?”
“It was Balthazar’s idea, sir,” said the waiter, before hurrying back to the bar.
So, yes, a
Castiel: This has nothing to do with her.
“I’m aware there is a massive difference between you having stayed here with us yesterday, privately, and you accompanying us to, well, obviously not my in-laws, but the Klines’ very public Christmas party.”
Dean frowned. “No.” Then he took a moment to reflect on Sam’s question some more, and added, “What do you mean?”
As for Dean, well, he had a few oopsies to deal with, too. His reputation had already been a mild headache for Venandi, and that was before that whole stupid Purgatory misunderstanding. He had done a few mistakes in the past, which had warranted him to be benched quite a lot of times already. There was also his issue with Amara. Technically speaking, she was just an annoyance—not a threat. So far.
He couldn’t help but wonder, however, about Henry’s decision in his will. Since Castiel, and everyone who would pay attention, could clearly see how Dean felt about the place and its people, he was confused more than ever as to why Henry Winchester would have issued this whole charade to his grandson. But whatever the answer to this question was, Castiel could never find it.
Sam: I know.
. And neither of us can show up there without doing this, and after what just happened, I can assure you, they are waiting for us."
It wasn’t exactly the setting of a warm and loving family, and Castiel had made his peace with that fact long ago.
“Good, I wasn’t trying to.”
He had received a confirmation email from Naomi informing him that his request had been officially granted for his leave. Given the duration of his sabbatical, as well as the unusual circumstances, however, she had mentioned that he would need to check in for quick updates once in a while. Unclear if that was customary or not, Castiel was nonetheless grateful that brief check-ins would be the only thing he had to worry about, considering everything else.
So, his amazing rainbow slinky and his Hot Wheels would have to wait.
“He knows about your predicament. And while Gordon can’t prove anything, which is why he hasn’t acted rashly so far, I don’t think things will improve for you here. So, paying a visit to Mr. Adler might help you.”
Sam let go of his brother and shook his head. “Are you serious? This is so messed up. I had to make sure you were both okay. Jess wants visual confirmation that you’re both in one piece.”
Dean breathed in.
“Why?”
“Okay,” Gabriel whispered, and after sucking his bottom lip one more time, he leaned back. They stared at each other for a silent minute, catching their breaths, half-cooling off and half-rethinking their options.
Sam gladly held the bag. He also remained on his spot, grinning and shaking his head at Dean’s request. “Oh, I’m staying here and seeing this thing through until the end.”
“Off, I’m off,” he said, lifting his hands. “Sorry. I just—please, I know you’re angry. I would be too. I—but I’ll explain everything. There’s—there’s something you should see—know—and I—shit!” he yelled in frustration. He lowered his head, with his hands resting on his waist. He took a moment to decide what to do next, as Castiel, fury boiling inside him, stood perfectly still awaiting his answer with great impatience.
Dean thanked Dr. Robert and asked how he could repay him, to which, of course, he answered, “No worries. Mr. Novak already took care of that.”
His mind then wandered on the properties that were currently under construction.
They had, somehow, been inspired to select the pairing option. As in
Heightening of senses, time loss, and vivid hallucinations, being the most prominent ones.
“I said I was sorry.”
He nodded.
Castiel rubbed his hands over his face. “What do you know of the HoH?”
“Sam, maybe he really was busy,” said Dean.
“I wish I could do something to help.”
Despite his attempt to remain subtle, Castiel scanned Dean’s expression, worried he might have been in a hurry to leave due to exhaustion or annoyance.
“I don’t know. I hope Jack is fine.”
that night, he didn’t head straight back home.
But it wasn’t. I just told you Davies was a good guy. Castiel and Dean had a bit of trouble believing this, however.
“I’d like to speak with the supervisor.”
But when he noticed it was Sam calling him, he smiled, mentioned to his employee Mirabel that he would be back shortly and went to his office to take the call.
But none of this changed the fact that this new location spelled one thing: a trap.
“I need to go—I—shit—” blurted out Dean in a wavering voice when he noticed all the dishes and utensils on the floor.
Castiel, however, had a different reaction.
“I was, yes.” He then paused, studying Castiel a moment. He twisted his glass between his fingers. “You—I wasn’t wrong before, was I? When I deduced there was something between you and your friend.”
Castiel came to halt and stood right in front of him.
People just don’t have any sense of propriety in this century, I swear.
This small ease in Castiel’s mind was extremely short-lived. As the hours of Friday night passed, without meaning to, Castiel was keeping track of Dean’s schedule.
“As a matter of fact, I do.”
All three older siblings surrounding Castiel turned their heads quickly towards the doorway.
“Now, you need to wake up and get real. Fast.” He straightened Castiel’s shirt. “I’m sure that after a few months of having had nothing else to do but to look blankly at trees and cows, the warm body lying next to you must have become much more tempting and acceptable than it had been when you first arrived. But don’t be an idiot. They’re using you. They are laughing at us. Still. By destroying you slowly. Look at what happened to you since you arrived at the ranch. They’ve cut you off from everything else. You don’t have any other options.”
Dean frowned.
“So what does this all mean, then?”
Stuffing his face with food.
And then a smile appeared on Sam’s face.
He rushed inside and carefully settled his companion on the floor, next to the bright fire.
They shared a look and both burst into laughter.
I hope everyone (who is celebrating) is having a nice Christmas Eve!!
“You okay?”
And feeling silly that he had done so.
“Your guess is as good as mine,” said Castiel after mildly glaring at him. “The untidiness complicates this clarification, and that’s assuming it was something I knew of.”
“Um, no. Obviously not, Dean.”
“It wasn’t ruined, Dean.” He delicately tucked the gel pack over his shoulder. “That better?” Dean nodded, with relief spreading over his face. “We simply left a few hours earlier than planned,” continued Sam. “That’s all.”
Of course, by email it was difficult to prove, and Castiel reasoned that he was most likely simply reading too much into it.
“Dean,” he warned him. He tried to push through, but Dean caught his arm, and the next thing he knew, Dean had his arms wrapped around him tightly.
“Just…around.”
“Yeah, I know. Um, are you okay? Everything went well?”
Dean was disappointed with her answer. And after taking another look at Castiel, Missouri added, “And I think I know why that is. Something—someone is hiding him. And keeping him for themselves.”
“Fine,” he resigned himself to saying before the conversation took a turn he was desperate to avoid. Gabriel high-fived a startled Sam. “But,” Castiel pressed himself to say, “I’m leaving if it’s lame.”
“It was hot. Warm. Really humid,” he continued. “The air is different than here. It was sticky. It was really long. There were so many people. But they eventually announced you. I would have recognized you anyway, but there you were. The gown was black, and you all wore a tacky green collar thingy. But I remember you were wearing bright blue Converse. Which I thought was funny.”
His so-called
“Yes, this was fun, actually.”
That being said, Castiel had been tempted to question Balthazar on one subject: his dreams.
He then heard Hannah’s footsteps towards the door come to an abrupt stop.
“So, is he here? Can I speak to him?”
“Like what? Ask Becky? Or ask the fans how to
After a rapid check up, Dean also deduced that nothing had been stolen. Even his father’s old cassette tapes had remained untouched.
“In a good way?”
He attempted many positions. Perfectly seated. On his side. Or with his legs against his stomach.
They weren’t seated facing each other, but next to each other.
He usually wasn’t one to overly share, but this was a strange situation, and Castiel thought that perhaps speaking to someone about it, someone who wasn’t living on the ranch—and who wasn’t utterly biased like Balthazar was—wouldn’t be the worst idea. And as far as he could tell, Jessica appeared to be a genuine and kind person. So he continued.
“Well, just for the record, no, I’m not seeing anyone. On Fridays or any other days. I was mostly hanging out at Sam’s or with a couple of my friends on Fridays.” Still staring at him, Dean moved one of his pillows and slid a little closer to Castiel. “But I’m glad to know this. Changes everything now.”
“Who is it?” asked Sam, noticing Dean’s expression turn glum as he stared at his phone.
Thus, after one last hesitation, he stood up without uttering a word, and holding Dean’s hand, guided him towards the staircase.
Castiel turned his head to stare directly at him, and while he didn’t tend to depict much of an expression, like at this moment, Dean could still tell that Castiel was mildly annoyed.
Dean’s eyes turned to Sam for confirmation, and while Sam remained silent, Dean could see that he was desperately trying to hold down a grin.
Gabe: LOOK WHO JUST GOT EVEN MORE INTERESTING.
Dean, surprised by his suggestion, pressed, “No. Not at all.”
Yes. While the club’s scuffle hadn't done him too much damage, it appeared that the same could not be said about their apprehension in the streets.
Had reflected on it.
“Is that one of your
And then, Castiel added simply, “For the most part, anyway,” as he pushed his empty tray aside.
“Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel. Nice to meet you.”
, like that.”
“Don’t know yet. I’m still in my bedroom.”
He was angry with Amara.
Relieved by that fact, he then added, “Just get going with the spell while I talk to
But Castiel, unable to help himself, began to mildly—very mildly—thrust his cock into Dean’s fist.
“Maybe they can, here," said Deanmon. "Maybe this Asmodeus is different than yours. Ever thought of that?”
Dean laughed. “No. I wish. No, we’re leaving on the twenty-third—late at night—and we’re coming back on the twenty-sixth.” Dean shifted on his feet and asked, “What about you?”
“Despite his weird—and at times, lethal—sense of humor, I don’t think he ever meant you any harm. Real harm, anyway.”
“No, no, it’s fine,” said Castiel, unaccustomed to compliments. “I just—I wasn’t expecting that. It’s just odd when people know me—know so much about me when I—I, um, know nothing about them.”
“No.”
Dean and Samuel had momentarily discussed the possibility of leaving Sam with Dean to give him extra time at his school, but they decided against it. Leaving with Dean or Samuel, Sam would not be able to finish his school year in Chicago, so why delay the inevitable?
“I’m sorry.”
“He claims you attempted to kill him in the past. Is this true?”
Especially when he did his yoga routine on the patio every morning at dawn.
He hated saying it, but without Zachariah’s intervention, Dean was screwed. It wasn’t like he could just quit at the garage. He knew too much. It was one of the few reasons why Gordon hadn’t told Dean to hit the road. Also, working at the garage or not, Dean was now, regardless of his innocence, on Gordon’s shit list. There wasn’t much that would shield him from Gordon’s inevitable retaliation.
While Dean quickly inspected the cabin to make sure everything was in order, Castiel did as Dean had suggested and took a seat at the table. He then noticed a note on the table.
Except for when John had raked his lawn in the fall, a task dutifully assisted by Dean—though he had mainly played in the pile of dead leaves while his father had done most of the work—Dean hadn’t had much interaction with Mr. Redfield.
“Yes.”
Which was why when Castiel reached his room, he shut and locked his door in a hurry. He dropped the containers of leftovers on his desk and his school bag on the floor. He got rid of his coat and boots, and after sitting down on his desk chair, let out a deep sigh.
So, due to numerous dotting neighbors, friends and colleagues showing up at his doorstep throughout the months of November and December, Mr. Redfield had decided to host a Christmas family-friendly party on Christmas Eve to thank everyone.
But something told him that he would most likely not enjoy whatever was coming next.
“Awesome. Glad I could help.”
Castiel smiled. “I’m surprised you noticed. Most people don’t.”
“Gordon Walker. Gordon Walker…” said Castiel as though he was trying to trigger his memory. “Is that—that garage on Creedy Street?”
variety.” And with a sly grin on his face, he said, “But don’t worry, I made sure you had the whole package.”
It had felt like days instead of weeks.
No mention of why he was late.
Disregarding the rules, he turned off the car’s engine, pushed the door open and rushed after him.
“Yeah?”
Content with his idea, Gabriel then returned to the front of the shop to continue his night.
“You’re welcome.”
They remained standing still, facing each other and both waiting for the other to say something.
But with some extraordinary effort, Dean kept it under wrap and buried it. He was scowling at Sam with such intensity that he was surprised his parents didn’t comment on it.
He looked at the ceiling in frustration.
He had to tell Castiel that he liked him. That he wanted to be with him. Not with Lisa. Him.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to snoop,” said Castiel.
He sat down as Dean brought the pot to the table.
For now.
After browsing through the rather generic choices, he had opted for blue hospital scrubs, paired up with some “mad scientist” outfit. While this wasn’t the most original costume, he told himself that at least he would be comfortable.
Sam paused the movie. “Yes.”
He knew John would do it.
Uncertainty filled his mind and prolonged his silence, which only made the heavy awkwardness in the car even more painful.
Castiel shifted on his seat.
Which made Dean nervous.
And Sam guffawed at him, which only pressed Dean to give his brother an annoyed face for what seemed like the umpteenth time that day, before awkwardly stepping into the room, dreading the experience.
“Cassie, what happened?”
“I am so glad you’re mentioning this,” laughed Gabriel, lifting his hands in the air. “Whose fault was that? You think I’m never around the house when you guys are here because I have such a busy social life? Surprise! I don’t! I make a point of keeping myself occupied so I have an excuse to not be here. You are all so exhausting. I don’t want to escape somewhere else and I know Cas doesn’t want to either, but we both have to in order to not get sucked into your stuff. Cas has a place he can go to no matter what, and I’m so freaking relieved at this. But the difference for me is that I don’t. I have to improvise. And I’m reminded of this every freaking time it happens. But whatever. I manage. Mostly because people generally like to have me around on account that I’m supposedly such a laugh or because—whatever! I still know that’s all they care about: for me to entertain them. They don’t care about me, just like you obviously don’t care about him or me. So, either start doing so or stop pretending. But in any case, get out!”
And curiosity got the better of him. “How come?”
And he didn’t know what to think of Dean’s confession.
Dean sighed. “Okay.  Well, I guess I’ll get myself ready for bed soon, too. I have a bit of homework to finish before, but it won’t be long and I’ll make sure to not wake them when I go downstairs. They must have set up everything, at least?”
Even though Dean and Castiel had been friends for years, Dean, simply due to circumstances, had never set foot in Castiel’s house before.
“Right. I—I didn’t think of that.” Sam cleared his throat. “I mean, he did sleep there this whole week.”
getting mushy on me.”
“Balthazar there are lim—”
The prospect of seeing his face was what Dean was craving.
But Castiel didn’t appear to be bothered by Dean’s reply.
“What do you want?” he said. “You’re right. Okay? You’re right. I’m the dirt bag you always thought I was. That’s what you thought, right? There! Now, you have it. You happy?”
“Huh,” said Gabriel. He appeared to be genuinely intrigued at this information. “Well, there you go, boys. You don’t need me. You have her and the rest of the fan base to help you.”
“I take it that he’s not a mechanic then?”
“Good evening, honored guests! Welcome to the 283
“Cas, stop.”
But then he heard a faint, “Dean?” at the other end of the line.
. For a few hours. Which is really annoying when said like this, but...Work will be a nice distraction. And we can still talk. And skype for the rest of the day if you want. It’s ridiculous, but we can do it. I was almost going to suggest that we postpone Christmas and meet up soon after, but….”
Dean and Castiel had long debated where Hannah should reside during her stay. Evidently, if it would have been anyone else, they would have simply let her sleep in the guest room, no questions asked.
“No, he can’t be—they are extinct. If—if they ever were…”
“You’re welcome to join us,” blurted out Gabriel. And then, as if he had just realized what he had said, he added, “But you just watched a movie, so you might not be up for another one right now…”
Rufus nodded, and before heading towards the patio door, he told him, “Jody is on her way, and more of the ranch’s security will be here shortly.”
“We had fun,” was Jack’s reply. “Dad said it’s
And he recognized the handwriting.
Castiel, however, did not move one muscle.
Having Dean cook breakfast for him, in this specific context, had been the scenario Castiel had daydreamed about on so many occasions.
And he opened his eyes and turned back, beaming.
The bad news was that time was of the essence. The bunker was a few hours away, and that wasn’t including their pit stop to Emporia, so they needed to move quickly. The good news was that because Rowena always kept certain ingredients with her, for safety measures, she could whip up a teleportation spell for them.
In other words, she was skeptical as fuck.
“Cas, Cas,” said Dean, caressing his shoulder. “It’s okay. I—granted, not exactly how we imagined the scene, and I’m certainly not going to pretend like I have any idea what to do here, but just—I don’t think this is bad. We’ll definitely be more careful next time, and I’ll respect the boundaries and everything you and Jack need. But don’t—please, don’t think this is a bad thing.”
“Wh—what?”
“Ten in the morning. At the ranch.”
So, in addition to his cramming sessions, Dean also began carrying a Slim Jim tool, just as he used to back in the days, even though it wouldn’t be of much help to him. After all, he
“Why are you—is Dean okay?”
“Enough to drink. Yes, my brother would have to be very upset.” Gabriel took a deep breath.
There was a hint of sorrow in her eyes. Watching the pigeons in front of them, she repositioned herself on her seat and she said, “I went by your place and saw you walk out.”
“But how are you going to get home?”
Dean moaned, beaming at him. “I only got one suggestion to add.”
“And he sounded upset.”
Dean lifted his head to get a proper look at who was addressing him. The instant he set eyes on him, he tittered and lifted his free arm to wave eagerly at Castiel.
“Mr. Winchester, I’m sorry to inform you that Dr. Hess will no longer be meeting you tomorrow. She has decided to take another direction and wishes you all the luck you may need in the future.”
“Cas?”
And Castiel was convinced of it too.
Castiel took a deep breath, not loving either of these options.
Dean, even though he hadn’t been looking at his brother, lowered his eyes as though he had been caught in the middle of a lie.
“Such as?” he asked, being a little shit. And good for him.
The night had been long and exhausting. He spent most of his time, once again, fighting the urge to jump in his car and rush to Castiel’s building apartment—at some point, he even got dressed and had his keys in hand—until morning finally came.
“Um, guys?”
Dean swallowed.
Due to the excitement of the day, particularly their exhausting sledding activity, Jack was very tired and hadn’t put up much resistance to stay up. Which had been a surprise to Castiel, as he had always found Jack’s sleeping patterns to differ from the norm.
This was worried Dean.
Sam, however, was present.
Castiel remained silent.
“Did you sleep well?”
“Like I said, I’m all about acquiring information. What I would like you to do is to bring me back an employee of his. One in particular. So we can…talk.”
“And in the meantime, I’ll explore the town some more, find myself a nice coffee shop or restaurant and wait it out.”
“I—I just remembered. This morning. Gabe said—and Sam said—in a text—Dean, something happened to
After a long uncomfortable moment of silence, during which they stared at each other, Castiel asked Dean how he was feeling.
He kissed his hip and went back to Dean’s cock, licking his shaft.
Then, he heard in a forbidden tone, “Don’t get too comfy, Novak.”
“I—I’m sorry, you misunderstand me. I wasn’t asking for your permission.” Castiel stuck to his impassive face. “I am doing this no matter what. Because it is the right thing to do. Because I want to help my friend. And I truly believe I would learn from this experience. Which is why I wanted to tell you in person, beforehand,” he said, looking straight at Naomi, “because I care about this job too. I love the people and the hotel. I do not wish to leave, or to make you think that I am ungrateful of being here. But I know how this works. I am aware it is short notice and, like I said, unusual, but I have to do this.”
“Today, however, we need to address something different,” said Zachariah. “Do you know why you’re here?”
“Since I know you’re…I—I’d prefer without. If that’s okay.”
“Thanks.” He shoved his phone in his pocket and picked up the cup, taking in the smell of bold coffee.
The door finally opened, with Sam and Castiel stepping out of the private practice.
The interior, more precisely the residents rather than the décor, however, told another story.
His entire body felt stiff.
“But you will still have to
“No, I can do that.”
Even when Kali herself came to Gabriel, requesting that he join her for a tour, he reappeared not even five minutes later.
“There is S.W. and D.W. engraved on the wooden panel in the back.”
Sam sighed. “All right, well, I hope tomorrow is better.”
Castiel did not move a muscle. He held his breath and stared at Dean, convinced he had misheard him.
Perhaps a little too much.
“You saw what?”
Just as Dean felt relieved, however, she said, “Nothing changed. Except you.”
Castiel turned around and discerned with the moonlight that Dean had laid sweat pants, a t-shirt, a thick jumper and a pair of socks on the bed.
Knowing that he would most likely regret it later, Sam enjoyed his stroke of luck for the moment, and headed silently past the living room and down the hall, leaving his father sleeping.
Much more than he would like, in any case.
“Okay. Awesome.” Dean nodded. “I’ll let you set up in your room for a moment then, and then we can grab something to eat.”
Dean followed him into the living room, but stood still in front of the couch for a moment.
“He asked for a favour. We told him the price, he accepted, and here,” he said, gesturing at Dean, “favour granted. You get to walk away. No drama. Not a scratch on you. Absolved of your sins, so to speak.”
to share about the pictures Dean had sent him.
Feeling Castiel’s strong grip on him.
Richie walked to his car and nodded at him once he noticed Castiel’s presence.
And for a very specific reason.
No matter what, he would read it.
Dean muttered something under his breath.
He decided, for pragmatic reasons and for his own protection, that he should verify first if some of the information Anna had implied was accurate before calling Dean.
“This—like this. This—works.”
Solely his tie.
“What are you doing
“I don’t really travel, remember? That’s why picking a place was somewhat difficult.”
“The same could be said about you, Dean. Between the two of us, you’re the one I’m very surprised wasn’t already married.”
She breathed in deeply, and after a short moment of reflection, she said, “I have three questions first.”
On the other hand, Castiel had no desires to become the prime focus point of anybody’s scheme, especially not his brother’s. And given that both Sam and Gabriel were already drilling him the same speech—separately—he knew that would undoubtedly be the outcome if he attempted this approach. With this in mind, he then decided that he would have to find another way to bring those two together.
Since he had finished his beer, Dean announced that he would fetch a few more for them—annoyed that he hadn’t thought of it sooner—and asked Castiel if he wanted something else as well.
And he was pretty sure it was a satellite phone.
Even if he knew he had most likely lost his chance.
Or someone from the BMoL had sticky fingers.
Still without touching Dean.
“Nothing. I just feel…tired.”
“Cas, might as well tell me now because I will find out eventually. Sam will succeed in making Dean tell him and then he’ll just report back to me.”
“You must be wondering what my friends are doing here.”
universe,” said Dean, aggravated.
“And when will that be?”
They stayed put for a long minute, not knowing what else to say, until they both snapped out of it when an impatient driver honked at another driver a few feet away from them.
“You said I’m the demon chick,” he said harshly and then tugged on his shirt.
“Like last time?”
“Yeah.”
Castiel shyly lifted his eyes at Gabriel, who was smiling his biggest, and some would say, wickedest smile.
Gabriel: Ugh.
“Probably not, but I’ll give you a break now that I’ve said my piece. What is it you wanted my opinion on, then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean swallowed. “I just…I have a lot on my mind this week. School. Work. Family stuff. And…” Dean didn’t know how to finish his sentence. He didn’t want to lie, but at the same time he knew there were certain things that he couldn’t say out loud, not to himself, even less to Lisa.
What he wanted was time alone with Castiel and Sam very far away from it all.
But Castiel simply stayed put, smiled and observed him, nonchalantly.
“Maybe you should tell him about Dean.”
“What the fuck,” he let out. “Why—why didn’t I know this? Like before. Hell, even since Purgatory or whatever.”
After he had finished his homework early in the morning, he had been tempted to skip his ritual run in the hope of spending time with Castiel before school. He had abandoned that idea and pursued with his good habit, however, when he had realized that John was already up and about in the kitchen. He knew his father would have found it odd and seen right through whichever excuse, valid or not, Dean would have had to blurt out.
“Without what?”
. I was hiding out. Someone caught me. I was put to sleep, without my consent, and then pouf, I woke up next to you. I don’t even know what year we’re in.” Castiel laughed. “Look Dean, it’s very simple to me. If they wanted to fuck with me and destroy my life, they’re a bit late for that. The only thing left for them to do would have been to kill me, and they could have easily done that by slicing my throat when I was under. Or even better, just tampered with my cryo pod and that would have been it. Nobody would have questioned it.”
“Likewise.”
None of this really mattered, as the point remained that they needed Miss Talbot to follow them to Crowley’s, or everyone would be in big trouble real soon.
“Until the ranch,” said Castiel, almost smiling.
“This one, on the other hand,” she said, pointing at Gabriel, who was bouncing up and down, next to her, “watch him. He’s a handful. If you value your sanity, do
Customers had been waiting in line for the wrapping booth, and unfortunately, some grew impatient and demanding.
him. As his date.”
“Did you ask about any update?”
Castiel stared at him.
She advanced slowly towards him. He stood still, making sure to not move a muscle.
“Cas?”
“Ah! There you are!” someone said gleefully.
“What’s your point?” asked Castiel, absolutely done with this topic.
reason you wanted to work in that department. And it had absolutely
His gaze falling on the cake once more, Dean then asked, “Were all the desserts left in the fridge made by you or—were they?”
“Have you been properly exerted to have a good night’s sleep?”
“There was a mix-up with the reservation. They wanted fifteen rooms, not ten. So I tried to compensate for that. They demanded that all the rooms were to be on the same level. I didn’t ask questions, so I did that, but obviously the only level that makes this possible is—they won’t have the—”
“How do
“One minute, okay?” Castiel whispered. He covered Dean’s shoulders with slow and soft kisses. “Just a minute.”
Castiel looked at him, incredulous. He knew Dean wasn’t just referring to his booze induced jabbering. He was actually positive this had everything to do with his afternoon confession, and it pained Castiel that he simply wanted to dismiss it.
But he had done it so many times now, and given everything else, Castiel started questioning Dean’s
The one time Dean was going straight to the point and Castiel froze a tad longer than he would have preferred to answer.
“You started it. And I’m right.”
“That your father still hasn’t arrived. And your mother…” she sighed.
“I didn’t. Dean, this is nuts. How are you even able to pull this off?”
Feeling like he was dangerously over-sharing, Dean cleared his throat. “Anyway, to go back to your question, it’s usually just Sam and me. We hang out. Eat a lot of food. Watch Christmas movies. I mean, think couch potatoes and not being ashamed of it.”
And now officially depressed and done with this topic, Dean rested the broom against the wall and muttered something about calling Cain, as he tried to think of a quick excuse for whatever situation was about to unfold.
Dean had something else to do.
Slow footsteps approached the door.
And playing amazingly well too.
As for the room, the vaulted ceiling and large iron chandeliers added a creepy element to the dark room. Though, the tables on the side, displaying torture devices, might have had something to do with that, too.
Trying not to lose his cool and wondering where Castiel had gone, Dean said calmly, “I don’t know. Why does it matter?”
“Get him.”
“Fuck.”
“I’m sorry. I—I tried not to—”
“Castiel!” he yelled, twisting the door handle, but no luck.
And Sam and Castiel nodded in agreement.
Sam opened his mouth, only to immediately shut it. He paused for a second, and then asked, “Do you regret not having taken the driver job?”
“How did you know my size?”
, made it to the bed utterly worn out.
While he was enjoying himself, listening to everyone’s crazy stories and random ramblings, Sam had also been glancing around the room in the hope of spotting Bela.
If he had been reticent about discovering what those social calls entailed before, he was now convinced that avoiding the subject altogether was the best policy to adopt.
“Okay, I wasn’t sure. I thought—anyway, but okay, great!” She stayed put and awkwardly looked at Dean once more until he understood that she was again waiting for him to carry his side of the conversation.
“No, not that,” said Castiel, sitting up. “This. Us sharing anecdotes. Asking questions. We should make it another rule.”
Dean kept repeating his name. And his voice languished more every time.
Anael smirked. “This? When you just told me no refunds? This stolen item? Aren’t you guys in enough trouble already without being found with this?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean cleared his throat, and attempting to ignore how his hands were practically shaking, he asked, “And do you have one of those? A boyfriend, I mean. Or a—are you going out with anyone?”
Castiel: It’s like you guys were waiting for it.
“Of course,” muttered Castiel.
“Holy crap, how the hell did you guys managed this?” I said, as I flew in.
“And that would be bad?
He wondered what would have occurred, had the weather been different.
“Excuse me?”
“I know, I’m sorry.”
Dean felt the faint pull as he had before. And like before, he hurried towards the archway to see if Castiel had returned every chance he got.
And if he was honest with himself, even if the job itself was indeed
“What are you going to do?”
But not as much as seeing Dean looking at his burrito with great suspicion.
He couldn’t understand why, but his arm was held at an odd angle.
“Look, I honestly didn’t think there was anything to it.”
Gabriel quietly studied Castiel as they waited for the bill. His brother continued focusing on his phone, so much so that Gabriel had no doubts he was avoiding him. Thus, he remained still and waited for Castiel to eventually break away from it. A few minutes later, Castiel uncomfortably glanced at his brother.
“To use us, you mean?”
Including the one of them standing in front of the tree.
Dean held him gently by his wrist, but he avoided his eyes.
“We aren’t,” said Gabriel defensively. “Doesn’t mean we can’t help them, though. I mean, obviously, they need it.”
Such as a demonstration of Castiel’s skills, Dean carrying an exceedingly large amount of money, and the mention of the Garrison family.
He parked the car further down the street, and both he and Castiel, sitting in the car, scanned the place as best they could. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Quiet. Dark.
“And now, we—we just have to decide how we move on from here. If we work on mending what needs to be fixed or if we—if—”
“Are you thirsty? Or hungry?”
“Thank God. I wasn’t sure. I’m so sorry to wake you up at this hour. I’m Sam. Sam Winchester. Dean’s brother.”
“I mean, you seem tired. Perhaps you ought to lay down for a while.”
And Castiel saw that his brother was trying to hide a grin.
His options had been limited, to say the least.
Feeling Dean’s hot cock pressed against his own, causing both their breathing to intensify, Castiel then managed to slide his knees in-between Dean’s legs and slowly spread them.
Seeing that it was about to get too much for Dean, Sam jumped in. “Guys, you’re here because
Castiel felt his grip tightening on Dean’s leg. His heart was racing. He knew he wouldn’t last long.
But a faint blue shield wrapped itself around Team Free Dark, rendering them paralyzed.
“So, before you offered us your trip, Jess and I had a three day weekend planned in almost a week from now. But since we just came back from an amazing trip, we feel kind of silly to just leave for another one right away. I mean, don’t think we would be above the idea, obviously, but anyway, we thought since you guys gave us your trip, we think it’s only fair we do the same with ours.”
Which in my opinion was so incredibly stupid.
After Dean had shut the door behind him, the one leading to the balcony, he unfortunately took note of Castiel’s presence a little later than he should have, and therefore, resulted with the two of them bumping into each other. After finding his footing, Dean froze when he finally realized who was standing in front of him.
“What?” asked Dean.
“I’m the one who kissed you, remember?” said Dean. “If anyone had a moment of weakness, it was me. And I’m so fucking glad I did.” He took a deep breath. “Cas, I—I know it won’t be easy—actually, it probably will be way harder than I think—but I don’t want to bury this.”
Since bedtime stories not only occurred every night, but also that Castiel was an avid reader himself, which meant that Jack had often caught his father reading whenever he could, Jack had been eager to learn how to read at a very young age. Castiel had not forced the learning process, as he discovered very quickly that to do so was something often frowned upon by some teachers and other parents.
“Don’t be so sure,” said Dean, making a face of disgust at no less than four guys walking in front of him, all wearing leather jackets and similar amulets.
“I am very much interested.”
“That we’re both screwed and that I am massively depressed right now.”
“Yeah, Dean,” said Rufus, “I have a question. Maybe a few. No judgment though.”
“What?”
As he turned on his side, sighing deeply, for the umptieth time that night, Dean promised himself to do something about it. According to Castiel, breaking the Oath was not the solution, and he seemed to imply that nothing was to be done.
Reconciling the two identities of Dean and Enochian51415 into one was tricky, but not impossible. In fact, the more Castiel thought about it, the more it became undeniable.
Chills spread on his arms at the sound of Castiel’s deep voice.
“Sorry, I—like I said, I’m not used to, um, having company here. And the bed…”
“Even if you have broken the other rules. You call us.”
Sam looked up.
“What about Jack and the favour this witch man is asking of him?” asked Castiel in a concerned tone.
He slowly stepped towards the counter. “Lisa, I—I was hoping I could talk to you.”
Castiel repeated his motion a few times as he carefully observed Dean, who was taking him in and biting hard on his lips, with his eyes locked on Castiel.
“One or two other places, yes,” he softly said on Dean’s lips. He positioned Dean’s hands on Dean’s thighs, gently held his wrists, thus keeping him in place, and started moving his hips so as to rub his crotch right underneath Dean’s butt.
Castiel stepped in, shut off the water, and carefully helped Dean out of the shower. He wrapped him in a massive towel.
It turned out that Crowley’s inquiry concerning the Lazarus was not very long. A few of his questions were about the frequency and duration of the visits of specific guests. Nothing invasive, and yet, Castiel still remained skeptical as to why Crowley was asking about it. He also questioned Castiel about some of his former colleagues’ character—Naomi in particular.
Gabriel’s smile widened. “I don’t know. You have politely declined a number of times already. I feel like if I ask once more, it might be considered harassment.”
Castiel reflected on it and said, “Both, I suppose.”
Looking out the window, he said, “I do prefer silence. But it isn’t a necessity. Only on rare occasions will I require it.”
That had been the one point everyone had agreed on.
Or so, he thought.
“You like him,” repeated Sam.
“Hello, Dean.”
. Almost none speak of the
Jessica lifted her hands in the air, while Sam’s jaw dropped. “That’s it. I’m dead,” he said, turning towards the bar, still laughing. “I died. I need another round because this is too much.”
“How about we prepare it together, then?”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I should have known that you wouldn’t instantly feel—I should have done something.”
“And Cas was there, too. He’s really nice. I like him.”
“And this brings me to another question. Again, no judgment, but since when did you become drunk Cas?”
“Yeah, that and because it happened like…like a freaking long time ago. Like…how long ago was that exactly?”
And just as he was about to reach for one of the cheese balls, he nearly ran into someone standing next to him.
Jumping to their feet, Dean and Sam fired entire loads at Deanmon. This caught Godstiel’s attention, which was the point. Sam and Dean hurried towards the Boy King, hoping to gain the upper hand on him, while Godstiel rushed to Deanmon's side. When he hit the ground next to him, the black goo, which had been extremely inconvenient, was returning towards him. His eyes and mouth burned bright blue, as though he was super-charging.
“Pfff, that’s your favourite thing to do.”
Castiel shook his head in response, forgetting he was having a conversation on the phone.
“No,” said Castiel. “It’s not exactly in my neighborhood. Not—not too far off though. But I rely a lot on dry cleaning services and I always like to know where to go if I ever have emergencies in various parts of the city.”
This is the third fan fiction I’ve written in its entirety, but it is the first one I had the chance to post in its entirety. Which is weird, and yet, I like it.
“No.”
“Absolutely not. And since then—and when—the—the other night, it wasn’t because I didn’t want to, Dean. I—fuck, I wanted you so much, it’s just…you were upset.
“You never know, Castiel. Life might surprise you.”
“Literally, yes.”
“I KNEW IT!” he yelled.
“But it’s the truth.”
“Okay, before you—you go
He was caught in a vicious circle.
The first thought that came to Castiel’s mind when he slowly opened his eyes on the next morning was
Requesting a word.
Dean nodded, taking in a deep breath.
“Oh, that,” he said, chuckling. “I, um, it’s a thing Sam and I did.”
Cas: I need to call you right now because Mrs. Winchester would like to speak to you about the lift and party tonight.
Once upon a time, Dean might have planned to embrace the family life, but that hadn’t been the case for many years.
Perhaps, he concluded, he had simply projected his own insecurities onto Castiel’s behavior.
“No. No dressing up or whatever,” protested Dean.
Eager to check on Jack though, they first gently attempted to help him back on his feet. But the moment they reached for his shoulders, Jack screamed, giving them both a scare. Still howling, even though neither of them were touching him, he was rocking back and forth, hitting himself on his chest. His eyes were becoming brighter and brighter. The lights in the room brightened, until some light bulbs shattered.
Sam was sure of it.
“Have you ever considered it?”
And he really needed to find Castiel.
“We are. I did tell Naomi it would be for six months,” said Castiel, feeling his stomach dropping with every word she spoke.
“Partial luck. I know a lot of the pilots and the airport staff. I asked some of them to be on the lookout. I was trying to reach you before you left. Since everything was overbooked, at first, I thought I’d have a shot. And just as I was about to leave, Benny informed me of a last-minute passenger. So, I begged him to wait for me. I grabbed my suitcase—I always have one ready. Old habit. And I immediately called Donna to let her know of the situation. I was already planning on coming here this weekend but not the whole—just the weekend. And I knew she was supposed to leave that morning, bu—anyway. And then, I just…showed up at the airport and there you were.”
“I’ll tell you later. But for now, I—” Castiel paused for a moment, as he took a deep breath. “I think we need to talk.”
“Feeling a little better?”
Castiel was not the one who answered the door.
Grateful that he had taken the time to study those maps, even if he obviously didn’t know all the streets by heart, his efforts seemed to have paid off when finally, he managed to lose them.
Gabriel took his brother’s seat next to Sam, where they both watched him rush down the hallway.
As well as gorgeous, charming and kind, but Dean preferred to not digress towards this type of thinking.
“Not boring?” asked Castiel, amused by his reaction.
“Yes.”
Castiel remained emotionless. But he continued staring at Dean. “The water is still very warm. You should join me.”
Thus, he sighed deeply, resigned to the idea of making his decision later on.
Jack took a minute to reflect on his father’s words, and then said, “If I stay, can he come pick me up tomorrow?”
And yet, listening to the melody, the jovial and peppy tone of the piano, it was undeniable.
now.”
If you are reading this, it means that I have passed away and that you must have been notified of a certain condition in my will. If not, I’ve taken the liberty to include a copy, particularly the part where you are concerned, within this envelope.
But Castiel knew that Dean was aware he was watching him.
“What?”
Almost as though time had slipped through his fingers.
And the moment he did, he realized that he had purposely avoided an argument with Samuel, even though he knew that his point was valid, and that, without Sam’s interference, this was probably a first.
Castiel flinched. He knew what his father’s car meant to Dean. The fact that he had preserved it so well all this time was a statement of how much Dean cherished that car.
A very small one.
This was, without a doubt, the best thing that had ever happened to Dean. The best thing he had ever felt. The best thing he had ever had the chance to witness.
The man simply nodded.
Castiel let out a faint groan as he leaned back. “Sorry,” he said, grabbing his phone.
Dean turned around to make sure it was really him, and before he even had the time to say one word, Castiel was already pulling him towards him, clutching onto his jacket, with his mouth urgently pressing itself against his lips.
Dean swallowed, and shifted on his feet.
“But you don’t understand. It’s the way he said it. And now I worry that he—”
I cannot bring back your parents. Nor can I offer additional guidance beyond this letter. But I can try to put someone back on your path, which I fear I should have done much earlier than this.
“You were ready. You did this when you went to the bathroom?”
story,” he said, grinning at him.
“It’s the only time I could meet because of the garage,” said Dean. “They were, um, nice enough to agree to that meeting time.”
“I know, I know, Mom,” pressed Sam. “No drinking or anything of the sort. You know we won’t. ”
And just as he was cheering himself up with that idea, turning the corner to reach Rowena’s office, he ran smack into someone.
He gently pushed the door open and found the room empty.
To taste his lips.
But then again, considering how those evenings had turned out, he decided to not pay attention to it that much.
Especially those involving Dean.
Thus, Castiel left for the house, anxious to be back and meet Dean, as well as Sam and Jessica, who would join them for the evening.
Castiel cleared his throat. “I—I wanted your opinion on a particular matter. I thought it would be less awkward if I asked you than Hannah…and it’s also your
The problem was that, because of his actions, something unthinkable nearly had happened to him, and if it hadn’t been for Castiel, Dean didn’t dare think where either of them would be right about now.
“Says the guy who, for a reason I’ll never understand, keeps insisting that he’s less than what he is because of his family name.”
(thanks to Danica and Landrala)
Castiel thought for a moment and then said, “I’d like to think that they want to cross back to their worlds, but that’s probably wishful thinking on my part.”
Or do anything.
Castiel took back his letter of resignation and nodded. “Thank you.”
Sam nodded. He left the booth, took a deep breath, fixed his hair and walked straight ahead.
“It’s not. Leave it open,” said Dean, and after a small smile, he pushed the door slightly, but just to say it wasn’t shut, and then took Castiel’s hand off the handle. And then kissed it.
Dean swallowed. “Not what I wanted,” he breathed. And even though it had been the truth, he also knew that stating this fact was only making things even more complicated.
But Dean shook his head, looking straight ahead, eagerly scanning for the shop. “It says it’s open, so it has to be open. We’re lucky to have found one place that still is.”
Additionally, it appeared that most of the heavyweight players had been long defeated as well. Including a certain demon named Crowley, who Deanmon and Godtsiel had warned him about. The Boy King had no idea who that was, but it didn’t matter. The so-called king of hell was dead.
“Fine. We’ll wait until lunchtime.”
“Exactly. Otherwise, the closest I could give her was January third. Dean, her reason for requesting a new appointment was totally legit and I just—I felt bad making her wait until after the holidays.”
Especially the time when he had thought for half a crazy second that Dean had uttered his name.
After feeling his hands on him.
“There wasn’t a problem.”
The second one was Dean, of course.
I have heard from a reliable source, who shall not be named just yet, however, that Dean was apparently super aware of all that, and that his bitching was, in fact, just him desperately trying to keep himself busy and act like he wasn’t noticing or interested when it was very much the opposite.
“Us? We’ve been here this whole time. You’re the one who just vanished at some point. Where have
“Not that much,” said Dean immediately. “And it was certainly not—I—” Dean cleared his throat, feeling even more exposed than since he had stepped into that station.
Staring back at him, with this duplicitous, nonchalant vibe, the very presence of the Boy King made Sam’s skin crawl and his stomach turn.
Nothing like him, he thought.
Castiel frowned at Dean’s comment, but he nodded.
will deal with
A familiar voice.
But as feared, it was just as he had left it earlier that day.
Not wanting to step a foot inside that store one moment earlier than necessary.
“Sure. Okay. You don’t know. Well, it doesn’t really matter now, because I got you. I think you know why?”
And the only person he actually wanted to spend time with was not available to do so.
The first of many.
Grinning.
“Cas, I swear,” he groaned.
“Yeah. Like I said,
“What if I tell you that I’m actually wearing that particular pair right now.”
And after their third game of Dominoes
“So, more casual is what you mean, huh? I see.”
“I’m going to regret this, aren’t I?”
“Um, Cas? How about you leave your cardigan behind? Keep the shirt and, oh—wear your charcoal suit and your blue tie. The one that’s super bright. Like, not neon, but the—you know the one.”
“It’s not. I think you should really focus on the fact that Cas asked you out. Wasn’t it what you were constantly doubting? If he liked you or not? You now have the proof that he is indeed interested.”
Shrugging, he said, “It—it doesn’t matter.”
Jack flinched. “I would never do that.”
He arrived at Lisa’s for the second time that day, and once out of the car, he kept repeating to himself the little speech he had prepared on his way there. He knocked on her door.
“Yeah. I’ll do your afternoon shift of the twenty-first like you want. For my shift on the night of the twenty-third.”
“Everything okay?” asked Castiel. The coffee finally ready, he poured them each a cup and handed one to Dean.
His eyes then fell on a group of women who were all wearing pink shirts with shiny banners. Every one of them. Except one who had a bright pink feathery boa wrapped around her neck and a crown on her head.
“Yeah. I mean, not, like, the diamond ones, although if that’s your thing, who am I to judge. But I mean, even if it’s a simple golden ring, why is it that men only wear those after they are married? Not that I’m an expert on the subject, but the point of an engagement ring it is to let people know you’re spoken for. Why don’t men do this too?”
“I’ll have to let go of you,” he warned, with a lingering stroke.
And Castiel’s smile widened. “Interesting. I happen to know someone who’s been looking for a new place to live.”
“I’m glad. That’s good, sweetie, because sadly your dad and I won’t be able to attend your game tomorrow night.”
“Had they seen you wrap anything before they gave you the job or…”
Jack winced and a thin red line was now visible on his cheek.
. Whatever happened with Castiel, the truth is that I really didn’t want to be alone. There,” she said, laughing softly. “Isn’t that sad or what? It pissed me off when I realized that, because I always saw myself as being independent. And worse, I was actually really looking forward to being on my own when I knew things with my ex wouldn’t get better and we… But the moment it happened, the moment we broke up, I panicked. I
“I WAS. I was looking out for him. I obviously failed and that’s on me, but at least it’s more than I can say about you three who were LITERALLY RIGHT HERE WITH HIM.”
After all, they thought they had just recovered one of their dumb, helpless human prisoners.
“Anywhere you like,” said Dean, as if it was the most obvious thing.
More growling.
There was a pause, and then Castiel said, “You still didn’t have to make a massive detour to give me back the keys in the middle of the night, Dean.”
together. And?”
And the overbearing silence returned.
At least.
Thus, until proven otherwise, Dean wasn’t ready to toss Castiel into the “suspicious” column, just yet.
Dean, feeling his throat tightening, said, “I can’t believe I almost left. I can’t believe I almost left
“You—are you sure?”
Smells were stronger as well, and would manifest in odd instances. Like, as soon as the sun would set, Dean would suddenly be overwhelmed by the sweet odor of cinnamon. He would smell a spicy and earthy scent whenever he would hold one of the journals, including his own. And each time he would wonder if Castiel would make an apparition that day, a hint of honey was in the air.
“Um, I—maybe tomorrow? I’m pretty beat.”
“Like I said, I don’t know every detail yet. But from what I was told, more than half the other team can’t play. Some of their players have been suspended from the team and others are ‘ill,’” he said, gesturing air quotes, while rolling his eyes. “I have no idea what is going around, but it’s either an epidemic or something worst. Which proves that you better keep your heads out of the gutter, you hear me?”
Thank you for reading!!
But before they could, Gordon clutched onto Castiel’s foot with his uninjured hand.
And Sam’s only reply was a mischievous grin.
Cas: NOT NOW. Or ever.
He didn’t have to wait too long for an update, however. On his way to work, he eventually spotted a cyclist on a bright yellow bike up ahead and knew right away who it was.
“That’s not what I said.”
She gave him a nod, still listening.
“Dean is… Dean had other plans tonight,” said Castiel.
“I see you were busy.”
“That’s great.” Castiel waited a moment and then added, “He seems kind. What do you like the most about him?”
“It’s okay,” repeated Castiel.
Lucifer, furious, turned his eyes on Castiel and repeated, “I’m not lying about Metatron. You know I’m right. This is exactly the kind of cunning move he would do. And you would know better than anyone.”
“I like sir Gabrielgawain,” said Jack, looking at the tree, which made Castiel and Dean laugh.
It took him a few seconds, but when Dean finally lifted his gaze again, it was accompanied with a shy expression.
“Yeah. You—you don’t know about it? He didn’t say anything?”
In the evening, as the sky was turning unusually pink—almost red—Team Free Will 2.0 arrived swiftly on the grounds of Oakwood Cemetery, in Austin, Texas.
Dean tilted his head as though it was a trick question.
The doctor repeated warnings and symptoms to look out for that Tasha had warned them about, and told them to immediately come back if that should occur.
Every other item Castiel had once possessed was now gone. He had emptied the storage unit, with the clear intent of not returning.
“All right. Well, um, night, Cas.”
“Cas?”
Sweetheart.
Dean held down a grin. “The what now?”
“But I have to. I’m the one they picked. I’m the Hunter.”
And they both started laughing. Seeing Gabriel was on his way back, Sam quickly whispered in Castiel’s ear. “I think you should too, when Dean gets here.”
“Well, as you know, I can’t really handle heavy lifting or any of that. There is some stuff I can definitely do, but…I’d have to have someone assist me and then it just becomes two people doing one person’s job. Which is pointless.”
“Gabe? What exactly are you wearing?”
And even if he hadn’t specified ‘until our old age,’ Dean still understood what Castiel had meant. “I may hold you to that.”
None.
And even though Dean had to admit that everything his eyes fell on was mouthwatering, panic nonetheless spread through his chest at that sad fact. His only glimmer of hope, it seemed, was that pie—apple pie—was listed on the menu above.
“Wh—what?” Dean took a mild step back.
I never know which one or if they are both correct. Whatever, fucking fast. How’s that?
“That’s true.” Both grinning at each other, Castiel then took hold of one of Dean’s hands, pulling him even closer, practically cheek to cheek.
“Is this what I think it is?”
“Is that really all you
“Dean, why did you do this? You had all the reasons in the world to not do this. Why?”
“And what could, um, do the job then?” asked Sam.
he wanted to do it, I should say.
So, Dean replied, “Because another position opened up at the last minute and it offered more hours. I gave my name and here we are.”
. These words would haunt him and give him a boner until the end of his days. Just thinking about it now…
“No? Okay, I’ll give you another incentive then.” There was a short pause and then he heard Gordon tell someone, “Break his arm.”
And so, a few hours later, after the others had agreed with his plan, he dressed up—wearing his tie, of course—called Castiel and invited him to the bunker.
But they would be happy to learn that Gabriel hadn’t left at all.
“Yeah.”
“Huh. And what was it? What convinced you in the end? Or should I say,
Solely when all the other prisoners had been taken off the ship, as well as the crew, had Dean made his appearance aboard, being dragged, unconscious, all the way to that bed. Purposely.
Sam eventually slowed down his roll. By then, he focused on the friends he had been sitting with, and with fun discussions, less alcohol, and a few timeouts outside, taking in the fresh air, Sam had started to noticeably sober up just before midnight.
Dean nodded.
“The kettle,” he said, pointing at the stove. “It’s screaming.”
“Okay, but—I mean, like,
Castiel laughed. “No. It’s not.”
Gabe: What happened?
And as he stepped out of the bakery, he waved Gabriel goodbye through the front window, and was actually disappointed when he realized he had to wait too many days for his liking before their date.
Especially considering he already looked attractive in shorts and a bright blue t-shirt.
“Yes.”
If you’re reading this, it means that I am no longer with you and your brother. I am so sorry that I had to leave you.
He was grounded on that spot forever.
“I don’t do that,” he said, offended.
Dean dropped whatever it was he was holding onto the floor.
“You think this will slow them down? Their objective is to stop us, Sam. Not encourage us.”
“Are you nuts? No. We can put your bike in the trunk. That’s all.”
“I know a quiet diner down the block,” he told them.
“I don’t see what he could win by lying. Unless,” said Castiel, tilting his head, “he’s working as a double agent of sort.”
Trying to keep his nerve, Dean then made his way to the main building, asking if the owner of unit nine-one-eight had possibly left any messages for him. Or any additional information—a number, address, email, anything—that could help him.
“Dean?”
Ketch turned once more to Bevell and she nodded again.
Castiel let Dean’s shirt fall on the ground and rested his hands over his chest, which made Dean shiver. His mouth met Dean’s neck and made its way down to his collarbone.
“Watch where you’re going.”
Once he judged that what was left could be tended to quickly in the morning, Sam cleared the room he had been using and brought everything back to his desk (in a very orderly manner), eager to go home.
On this recovered record, masked figures were shown gaining control of the cargo ship, and brutally dragging every prisoner out of their pods, with the exception of Castiel.
“Sort of.”
“Something weird is going on here, Sammy,” said the plump man gruffly. “Shifters, you think?”
Castiel frowned at him.
They exchanged awkward, yet warm, looks, processing it all.
“It’s my fault, Dean. I said I’d check up on Jim Murphy, remember?”
To the point where Dean wondered if he had said anything wrong. Or had misread their previous afternoon.
“Castiel, I—can I call you Castiel?”
“But Cas, it doesn’t change anything, though. He’ll still believe whatever he wants and the problem is that he acts on it. In a really dangerous way. If he was the one in charge, it means that these guys who hassled you—who literally assaulted you—they worked for him. If that’s what he’s doing to his own brother, I—to what length is he going to go if we manage to stop him?”
“Oh, yeah? Well, Dean can come at me any time he wants. In fact, we probably have a few words to exchange, big brother to big brother.”
They hadn’t been able to venture too far, nor for too long, as Dean had to be called back to the main building quickly, but Castiel had immensely enjoyed their moment still. It had brought back memories, some of which he had thought had been long gone for good. Of Dean and him wandering in the field, with the wind running through their hair. Of them spraying themselves with water on a hot sticky day. Of them sitting on the same horse, and Henry walking beside them, holding the reins for them. Of them laughing and holding on to each other. And of them standing side by side in the old stables next to Henry’s old house on that infamous day.
“Just have a few concerns. And questions. Like how did you know how to find us? Not many people have this number.”
Making friends—and socializing as a whole—had been a bit of an issue for Jack. Or so, people kept telling Castiel. Perhaps he was biased, but as far as he was concerned, there wasn’t much of an issue. Jack, though perhaps not the most volatile social butterfly, was certainly not unfriendly, or even shy.
,” she warned him, with her index lifted.
“I can make that work, yes,” he said, grinning warmly at him.
“I am. Jack?”
Their feet and their wrists were still bound, but at least they could sit properly on a nice cool floor and their aching heads weren’t strapped anymore.
All the vehicles were too expensive for Dean’s taste. While he could manage through many anti-theft systems on his worst day, right now, the last thing he wanted was to attract unnecessary attention.
Turning back, he was then face to face with Castiel.
Henriksen titled his head, zooming in on the footage. “Looks like a cozy nap, too. Isn’t that your arm wrapped around him? Your leg, too. His face is buried in your neck. That’s a little more than a nap. I would call this cuddling. For starters.”
He couldn’t bring himself to tell Lisa in this fashion.
Once it was clear that there was no escaping John’s plan for the rest of the day, Dean nodded and dashed to his bedroom to change.
Dean nodded to him, smiling.
“What do you think happened?” asked Gabriel.
“That’s why I was so angry. So devastated. So done with everything, because after all this, all those opportunities and promises, I still hadn’t done anything about…about this.”
Gabriel made a face. “I don’t know, Cas. All this pining, that’s not right for the soul. That’s why I’ve never allowed myself to reach that point.”
“Um, I’m aware discussing it in that fashion beforehand isn’t really—but I don’t want to put you in a position—pun unintended—where you have to hoist yourself, even for a second, or one where you could fall and—”
He shut his eyes as the lump in his throat was growing. His chest was heavy. Breathing was difficult. All he wanted to do was to drop on the floor and instantly disappear.
He really didn’t.
“So there is something in it, right? If you tell me the secret ingredient is love, I’m gonna make a face.”
. And to
“I refuse to think that Dean left without telling anyone except if it was because he was trying to find Cas in a hurry. I don’t know why he’s ignoring his phone, though. Maybe he’s driving around trying to find Cas?”
Castiel: I don’t want to repeat what happened with Hannah.
Not in a creepy way. Not in a suggestive way either. But he seemed equally surprised by their position as Castiel was.
Following this, they spent long minutes just acclimating themselves to each other. Dean took his turn to run his fingers through Castiel’s hair gently. Castiel rested his hand on Dean’s waist, as his feet reached for Dean’s. And Dean shifted himself closer to him, gaping at Castiel.
Dean sighed. “I—can I check the upstairs bathroom?”
Castiel remained silent on that one, which didn’t help the situation.
They finally stood with their suitcases in the lobby of their hotel, The Grigori, at the end of the afternoon.
“And you went back home?”
“Already? No!”
“Okay,” said John, laughing. “But that’s good, Dean. I’m happy for you. Would I be terrible if I still asked you come by the garage and help me after?”
He lifted his arm and just as he was about to strike his blow, Castiel jumped in out of nowhere, seized his arm and snapped it.
“Dean. It’s—don’t worry. I know—you were sleeping.”
Dean knew the worst was yet to come, but for now, he was grateful that Samuel had considered Sam’s state and concluded, like him, that the poor kid just needed some sleep instead of a lecture.
He processed what Dean had just told him, and as he was reaching out for him, Castiel began saying, “Dean, I—I want—”
Constantly spacing in and out, he had no idea how long he remained there. But when he eventually came to the conclusion that he could regrettably not wash away the previous night, he turned off the water and stepped out of the shower.
He nodded, licking his lips.
She opened her thick coat to reveal that she was wearing an overpriced shiny grey gown.
A letter.
Uriel leaned his head backwards as though he had finally understood what Zachariah meant. “Interesting choice. However noteworthy, the skills of a mechanic don’t exactly sell what we were looking for.”
“Dean? I just need to make sure I understood properly, okay? You’re saying that it was Zachariah’s promise to keep Gordon at bay and Gordon didn’t listen?”
“About—are we going to talk about it?”
He was calm and ready to explode all at once. He couldn’t move. Just fixed in time, right there. And yet, he felt the urge to tear down a brick wall with his bare hands.
Their day at the lake.
“Well, um, maybe Gabe will be able to do something about that,” suggested Sam.
He sighed deeply. He couldn’t even make himself write the rest of that sentence.
Until one Friday night, after a long horrible day when everything seemed to rub Dean the wrong way, he felt anger slowly rising within him at Castiel’s perpetual cold silence.
“You sure?”
I hope you had a nice day and wish you all an awesome weekend!!
Sam: Dean saw us when he sneaked into the house last night. Only, he didn’t see you, he just noticed someone lying next to me and Cas’ trench coat on the ground. He is refusing to speak to me because he’s convinced I slept with Cas and stole him from him. Which I can’t blame him for, but now I can’t even explain that’s not the case.
