Cas did as he was told and tossed the remote to the end of the couch and rested his chin on his knees. He had hoped for a show that was substantial enough to distract him for the remainder of the evening and now really wished they hadn’t left the bunker where there was Netflix with seasons he could binge watch for hours.
Cas unzipped Dean’s jeans and seamlessly eased his hand inside, palming him gently through his underwear. Dean was already semi-hard but noticeably stiffened further at Castiel’s touch. Cas worked his hand deeper and purposely cupped him and drew a moan from Dean’s lips. He took the sound into his own mouth, kissing him hungrily and taking his bottom lip teasingly between his teeth. Dean thrust forward slightly into Cas’ palm, desperate for more friction.
He felt locked in place for the longest time, leaning against the side of the Impala and he ran his hand down over his face, thinking perhaps he was just exhausted. It would certainly explain the hallucination, maybe even the feeling of Castiel’s presence as well. He couldn’t be blamed for what he couldn’t control; the excuse was entirely reasonable.
“I don’t really need time,” he said carefully, “I’m managing. I cleaned the kitchen.”
Waking up, Castiel realised that the car was stationary, and he was alone. He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked out the window to try and orientate himself. The clock on the dash read 8:06am, and even that was early for Cas, but he had no intention of rolling back over and going back to sleep. At least not without knowing Dean’s whereabouts.
“Necessary?” Dean offered and cast him a knowing look. “Look, just sleep. Even just for an hour or two. I’ll take over here.” He lied. There was no chance of him doing anything productive with his whole tired body feeling like a hollow shell.
“You’re lucky you’re cute, cause you’re a terrible liar.”
It didn’t matter that Dean had tried his best. He found no solace in the thought. It didn’t matter how it happened or how far he tried to reach out, because it didn’t change anything. Dean was here, and Cas was there; probably dead. All those months without the angel did nothing to prepare him for this, it didn’t make the loss any easier.
It was taunting him, playing with his guilt.
“I’m so going to regret this,” Dean sighed, closely following behind.
“We’ve overcome worse,” Dean said.
By the time Cas made it to the abandoned building by foot, his clothes were entirely soaked through. He stood shivering at the door with his arms wrapped tight across his chest, clasping the material of his heavy coat in either hand. The rain had picked up some ways back, drenching him within seconds. By now his skin was a few shades paler than normal. The wind had battled him all the way here, making the already sullen journey all the more perilous. He had barely been able to see the road ahead of him, let alone this desolate building surrounded by overgrowth.
After that Benny never brought it up again, but it was clear that his patience was wearing thinner the further they went. To him each step felt like movement in the wrong direction, and every interrogation, he knew, was tedious. But he never complained. Not because of Dean’s threat, but rather because he could see the utter desperation in the hunter’s eyes, though Dean often tried to hide it.
Now it was just about Sam.
Dean was taking up more than his fair share of the bed, his limbs seemingly splaying to take up most of the room. Cas teetered ever closer to the edge and so he half-heartedly nudged Dean’s hip, already knowing he couldn’t, and wouldn’t, be moved. Eventually, Cas gave in and found that it was simply best to just hold on and hope for the best. Soon, however, Dean surprised him by holding his arm and pulling him in closer, rescuing him from the treacherous cold tiles. Cas sheepishly shuffled closer into Dean’s side, his back against Dean’s ribs, accepting his unspoken invitation to share.
He had died before when the hellhounds came to drag his soul to hell, and he remembered their claws tearing into his flesh and cracking his ribs open as they mauled him to death. It had been agony. It had happened so fast, but the pain was inconceivable, and Dean hadn’t been able to accurately describe it since.
“Exactly. There’s no telling when we’ll find the next portal—”
He was suddenly struck by a memory. An awful memory he had tried so hard to repress.
“Whatever you say,” Dean cranked up the music, looked at Cas and started to sing along; making a show out it either to annoy him more or to actually try and make him feel better—it was really hard to tell which.
“I’ll still offer him a cup,” Sam said, like the fact of the matter didn’t apply.
The fact that it kept intensifying didn’t help him pin down the right definition for it, either.
Dean stood upright to kiss him with his hands pressed against the wall on either side of him. Despite the warmth of the shower, Castiel shivered. He was trapped between Dean and the wall, and that excited him. Dean dominated him, turning him around so he was facing the wall. The hunter held Cas’ wrists and moved his hands up above his head, palms pressed flat against the tiles, and ordered him to keep them there. Castiel obeyed, automatically arching his back and grinding his ass against Dean. He felt the stiff prod of Dean’s erection and groaned impatiently.
Cas knew that of all reasons to leave, this was the best one. But that didn’t lessen the resentment.  At himself, but at the angels as well. It was so easy to look back now and say ‘if only’. To reflect on the past and see where everything went wrong, time and time again. To see what should have been done instead. What decisions should have been made and which actions should have been halted.
“Look, never mind. Just forget I brought it up,” Dean insisted with a dismissive wave of his hand.
“Hey, that’s not true. I watch stuff with substance,” Dean argued. It didn’t fail Castiel’s attention that Dean’s arms crossed at the mention of Sam. Finally, Cas’ shoulders could relax now that Dean didn’t have his hand almost brushing against his left shoulder.
“Perhaps a quick dunk might clear your head,” the angel suggested and gestured for Sophia to come closer.
Castiel caressed Dean’s face and forced him to look at him. “But I promise to come home.”
“Dean—,” Cas begged and groaned as Dean hit something glorious inside of him. His knees nearly buckled again, but this time Dean had to hold his hips to keep him from crumbling completely. The heat of Dean’s lips and the grasp of his strong hands came back into focus.
Out of the corner of his eye. Dean noticed that Jack still hadn’t moved.
“I—uh—couldn’t sleep.“  Dean paused to take in Cas’s appearance.  He didn’t look any more rumpled than usual and Dean couldn’t see a drop of blood anywhere on him.  He looked the same as he always did, standing tall and stoic at the bottom of the stairs.
“Are you sure?”
What happened?” Dean looked down at the scattered spell components, then back up towards Sam.
Cas didn’t even look surprised, the only expression on his face was one of grim determination as he stood a bit straighter.  “You can’t kill me.  That would leave Sam with the Mark and we both know you would never allow that.  No, it has to stay with me.  Because I’m the expendable one, aren’t I Dean?  A tool to be used and thrown out as soon as its no longer useful.”
m sure that won
Sam scowled.  “Well excuse me for doubting.  It’s not like we’ve ever tried carving an angel trap into a bullet before.”  He set the gun down on a nearby table and bent down to pick up the fallen angel blade.  “We should probably hold onto this,” he said sheepishly, tucking the sword into the waistband of his jeans.
He didn’t feel like dealing with the judgement that would ensue in the morning, so water would have to do.
“I can try calling some more people in our contacts.
Cas had drawn his weapon, was advancing on him, and Dean knew that he should focus on that imminent threat, but his treacherous heart was too busy processing what Cas had just admitted. “Cas you— you love me?”
“There’s gotta be something.”
“So that’s it then?” Sam asked cautiously.
The part at the end with what might have been the Empty was new though.
maybe
We’re allowed to mourn him, but we can’t keep doing this.”
Please,” Dean pleaded.
We’ve been at this for weeks now, and we haven’t found shit.
He’d taken the kid out fishing and taught him how to drive, things he’d done with his own dad when he was young.
t actually feel the same way you do, can they?
Jack laughed, the sound watery with unshed tears, and threw himself forward, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck.
“Dean what are you—“ Jack cut himself off with a gasp.
A kid desperately trying to win the approval of his father.
You may have been in one body and it may have been your power that made everyone disappear, but we both know that Chuck was the only one making decisions.
Cas leaned in and pressed his lips against Dean’s, making good on his promise.
“I mean isn’t it at least a little bit my fault?
“Dean, what monster problem?” Sam cut in.
All he’d said was that Cas had sacrificed himself.
Chuck’s head snapped up to look at Sam, hands freezing on the now crumpled pages.
Dean nodded.  There was no way she could see the affirmation, but she hung up before he could bring himself to say anything.  With a shaky sigh, Dean set his phone down on the nightstand.  “Dammit, Cas,” he whispered brokenly.
t know,” he whispered.
“Doesn’t mean it’s not done.  We just need to lift him up into it.”
There was something in his eyes that looked too close to pity for Dean’s comfort.
“B-but you can’t do that!” he sputtered.
The sheriff paused at the door to the morgue.  “By the way, where’s your friend?  The scowl-y one with the funny name, Cassiel was it?”
The door was a solid, dark-stained oak, the same as every other door in the hall except for one detail.  Hanging from the door was a simple wooden placard that marked the room.  A few years ago, during a rare period of calm, Dean had taken a woodworking class at the local community college on a whim.  One of the lessons had been on wood burning and Dean had never felt prouder than when he’d presented the sign to Cas, with the Enochian letters of Castiel’s name carefully etched onto the surface.  The letters were a bit shaky but Cas had held that sign like it was the most precious thing he’d ever seen.
“Shit.”
“Huh?”
“Are you really though?  I know from experience how bad that mark can be, how it can make you feel.”  Cas flinched, but Dean continued.  “I just wanna make sure you’re ok.”
Dean resisted the urge to sigh.  “Well then we move the box to the floor.”  He carefully laid Cas down and moved over to the workbench.
“As I said, it was years ago.
He ducked back into his room to grab the box of tissues he kept next to his bed.
He’s gonna get suspicious if he notices us planning something behind his back.”
There
Jack trailed off with a low, miserable whine.
His brow furrowed and he turned another page, before he started rapidly flipping through the book.
Jack had tried to bring Cas back but he wasn’t sure if he’d succeeded.
Somehow night had fallen while they’d been talking.
Chuck raised an eyebrow.
That night Dean didn’t even bother with trying to sleep.  They hadn’t been able to find Cas when they’d returned from the sheriff’s office and if Dean hadn’t been nearly sick to his stomach with worry before, he sure as shit was now.  So when Sam finally decided to turn in for the night and they still hadn’t seen hide nor hair of Cas, Dean grabbed another bottle of beer and moved from the library to the war room.  The chairs weren’t as comfortable in this room but it was impossible for anyone to enter or leave the bunker without passing directly through it.
He lay the book face down on the table and moved closer to Jack.
“So, uh, yeah…”
Looked like he wanted to be alone.”
It wasn’t any colder than the rest of him felt.
“Tu es enim dolor in asinum, Dean.”
“That… That doesn’t matter.  You still killed people Cas.”
They’d been through so much over the course of their lives, but they always found a way to get through it.
Scour the earth for a way to get Cas back?”
Dean took a step forward, inserting himself between the two of them.
So you ignore it, and that works, for a while, but then something happens, they say something, and that little voice in the back of your head whispers
“Yeah, after everyone disappeared.
He leaned against the sink as he took a sip from the glass he kept in his room.
“Now will you take off the ascot?”
Which means that I should go.”
Leave?
“I’m gonna… I better get patched up,” Sam said, his voice shattering the fragile silence.  With a wince, he shuffled past Dean, stopping for just a moment to lay a sympathetic hand on his shoulder before leaving Dean alone with the awful quiet.
So Jack’s some kind of power vacuum now?”
Dean called out carefully.
“So Cas, any idea what we should do next?” Dean asked after taking a minute to catch his breath.  Cas, however, seemed fine.  Damn angels.
He sighed.
Jack flinched violently; his head whipped up and his grip on his knees tightened.
s neck and Dean gave him one last squeeze before he let him go and took a step back.
Dean walked over to him and the fallen God.
I mean I could never think of an ending where I lose.
His eyes widened.
“I’m sorry you had to see that.”  If Cas actually felt any remorse for the people he’d killed, it certainly wasn’t evident in his face.
The sound echoed over Dean like thunder and when he blinked, Dean noticed that all of the injuries Chuck had inflicted on him were gone.
“We thought you were dead.
If I’m going to do this, then I’m going to have my work cut out for me.
Now Dean was starting to get impatient.  Kissing was all well and good but he still had his shirt on for God’s sake.  Dean broke the kiss and quickly pulled his t-shirt over his head and flung it off to the side.  There was a crashing noise off to his right.
He paused.
He stopped and turned back to look down at Chuck.
Yep, Cas was still real and he was kissing him.
Are you ok?”
The sidewalk in front of the diner was dotted with planters, each filled with dried and withered flowers and greenery.
But, since Cas had never been much for material possessions and he didn
s jacket, no longer trying to escape but now desperately trying to hold on to what little family he had left.
“Cas, that’s not true.”
s eyebrows furrowed and his opened his mouth, probably to argue knowing him, but Dean just kept plowing forward.
He just silently stared at Dean with wide eyes.
So for Sam to just give up now…
Sam looked back down at Chuck.
“Well it’s gotta be somewhere, right?”
“…Cas?”
So what happened?”
My brother was far from perfect.
Cas’s eyes narrowed.
He could find something productive to do while he waited for Sam and Jack to wake up.
thought you were a monster.  Not even now.  Probably should, hell I’m sure Sam does, but I love you too damn much to ever think that Cas.  And I’m sorry.  I’m sorry you got stuck with the mark, and that it came to this, but mostly... mostly I’m sorry that after all this, I finally find the guts to tell you how I feel about you and I don’t even know if you can hear me say it.”
Let him be just another name on the long list of people you
And I don’t want to become another God on a power trip that you have to take down.”
Dean finished lamely.
“Suit yourself.”  Stoker shrugged and pulled down the sheet to reveal the body underneath.
“Father, no,” he pleaded, holding out his hands and taking a step back.
He favored making things that were ‘narratively interesting’ over things that made logical sense.
s mouth snapped shut, but he still looked suspicious.
“Neither of us ever tried to bring Dad back after he died and I didn’t see you scouring the globe after I got locked in the cage.
“Run!” Fred called out.
“And what if there isn’t, Dean?” Sam asked.
Dean,” Cas looked frustrated now.
You mind if I sit here?” Dean asked gently as he slowly approached the bench.
“I can't forgive that.
As Cas set him down on the bed, Dean took a minute to admire the angel.  He was quite the sight: hair wilder than ever, shirt buttons half undone with one sleeve halfway down his arm as he quickly toed off his shoes. Dean cursed under his breath.  Having discarded his shoes, Cas climbed onto the bed, settling himself nicely into position straddling Dean’s hips.  Cas then set to work undoing the rest of his shirt buttons.  The movement involved in taking off his shirt moved Cas’s ass just right against Dean.  He couldn’t help the low groan that escaped him as he bucked his hips up.
“I doubt it.
That book was their last chance at stopping Chuck and possibly reversing the damage he’d done.
Dean could’ve wept when Cas’s eyes snapped up to meet his once more.  The tension in Cas’s shoulders relaxed ever so slightly and he tilted his head to the side.  “Why wouldn’t you?  You said you were going to make pancakes today.”
Which meant that there were one of two possible scenarios waiting for them back at the bunker.
“Dean, I can’t!” Cas growled.  “I tried so hard to fight it but I just can’t.”  He flipped the blade in his hand and lunged, just barely missing Dean’s side.  Dean jumped to the side to avoid the next flurry of strikes, eventually putting Cas exactly where he wanted him: with his back to Sam and the box.
s eyes were red rimmed and the knees of his jeans were damp, but in that moment he looked genuinely terrified.
“Dean, say what back?
“What’s not fair is sitting by and doing nothing while Chuck holds all of creation hostage,”
I imagine I
The smile slowly slid from Jack’s face.
He wasn
Wasn’t much point in keeping track of those sorts of things anymore.
“It’s all my fault,” he repeated, hands flying up to grip his hair.
“Right,” the sheriff didn’t sound convinced.  “Dean?”  Her voice had softened.  “You’d tell me if you knew anything, right?”
And you ask yourself...” Dean paused, lifting his gaze to look Cas in the eyes.
He might be the one who had to deliver the news, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to hold it together if he saw Jack’s reaction.
Dean froze.
Allied with the King of Hell—who was a massive douche mind you—and messed up Sam’s head pretty bad.
Well, suddenly things seemed a little less bleak.
Cas then proceeded to collapse on top of Dean and the two just lay there, catching their breath.
His hands clutched at Dean
He bent down and picked up the fallen book.
“I think you know.”
Dean whipped his head back around to stare down Amara.
He was going to be there for him, no matter how painful it might be.
“It wasn’t Billie,” Dean cut in.
It’s not your fault and he shouldn’t be blaming you.”
Sam’s gaze shifted to over Chuck
I tried Jody,” Sam suddenly cut in as he rejoined Dean, still scrolling through his phone.
m the reason he died in the first place and I thought that when he came back everything would be ok... but then he…he…”
Any ideas on how to get his attention?” Sam asked looking up at the sky as they turned to exit the diner.
“What are you talking about?”
That means there’s more of them out there somewhere.
“Billie had us cornered.
Let them try ignoring him now.
s why he wanted to leave?
It wasn’t that he didn’t think Cas was capable of that level of violence.  Hell he’d been on the receiving end of a frankly concerning number of Cas beatdowns over the years.  But when it came to the actual killing, Cas had always done so with the calculated precision of a single stab to the chest or head of his opponent.  But the man on that autopsy table…  He had
So can we go?
Therefore, Cas’s room lacked the personal touches that Sam and Dean’s rooms had; there were no pictures hanging on the wall, no little knick-knacks on the shelves.
“What do you mean, you don’t know?” Jack looked distressed.
“Cas… He made a deal, last year, after Jack died.
Wait, wait, Cas, hold the phone.”
He still saw the utter devastation that overtook Jack’s face out of the corner of his eye.
“We give up on family all the time!” Sam shot back.
“Dean, what are we gonna do now?”
“Dean?” he asked tentatively.
Once they make their way back to the real world, Dean and Cas decide to pick up where they left off in that linen closet.
“Absolutely not.” Sam glared at him.
“I’d say that’s a plus in my book,” Dean cut in.
t have to—“
Cas raised an eyebrow, looking utterly unimpressed.  “Really, Dean?”
He suddenly wanted nothing more than to be alone for a while.
He could see Jack growing more concerned by the second and he couldn’t be the one to shatter the kid like that.
There was an air of finality to Jack’s tone.
“I did what I had to, Dean,” Cas snapped and Dean would’ve felt a burst of pride at finally getting any sort of emotion from Cas, if he wasn’t too busy trying to hold himself together.
At least that’s what Dean would have wanted if he was in Jack’s situation, and the kid had proven himself to be a Winchester through and through over the years.
“Ri-“ Cas cleared his throat. “Right.  The ghost.”  He straightened out the lapels of his coat and strode out of the room, brushing past a dumbfounded Sam and leaving Dean in the closet grinning like an idiot.
Dean stopped short. “What?”
“I heard you.
Stoker nodded.  “There’s been a lot going around lately,” she replied.  “Got three deputies out with the flu right now.  Hope he feels better soon.”
He tilted his head towards the nearby table, where Jack had set up to read his assigned tome and accidentally fallen asleep atop the weathered pages.
Sam looked lost in thought for a moment.
“I don’t think Chuck has any actual beef with you but I don’t want to take any chances.”
Ok...”
“Maybe—wait what?”
“He’s fine Dean,” Sam slowly closed the book he had been reading and sighed. “He’s probably just adjusting still.  Give him a little time and I’m sure he’ll get back to normal.”
“You can’t just come back from the dead and not let anyone know that you’re back.
“No use delaying the inevitable, I guess,”
Dean loomed over Chuck now.
Sam laughed.
A group of teenagers sped past on bikes, just missing Dean’s foot as he jumped out of their way.
Cas’s eyes snapped back up to meet Dean’s and Cas must be taking lessons from Sam, given the look on his face.  “You can be incredibly dense some times.”
Sam was staring blankly at his phone, left open on his last text conversation with Eileen.
I just don’t trust my ability to handle this kind of responsibility.
Cas shot him a look of confusion, tilting his head to the side slightly and looking him over with slightly narrowed eyes.  “Yes?” he asked, sounding confused.
s done with it?
Jack looked down at himself.
Dean staggered back onto his feet, too disoriented to even fight back this time as Chuck punched him in the face. “That's enough, guys.”
It’s a long drive back to the bunker.”
But after a moment of pouting he straightened up and nudged Dean
The entire drive from the bunker to Hastings passed by in a haze.
Cas was staring resolutely at his feet now.
So”—he poked Cas’s chest—“sounds like this one is on you.”
“There were a bunch of dead plants outside the diner.
In fact, just thinking about it was making him feel claustrophobic.
“Dude, why are you jealous?”
He didn’t fetch Cas, but if Dean stopped in front of his closed door to press his ear against the wood for a brief moment, could anyone really blame him?
“If we do what he wants”—Dean took a deep breath and slowly let it out—“he could bring Cas back.”
Sure, taking down Chuck had been the main part of the plan, but it wouldn’t mean jack shit if they couldn’t undo all the damage he’d done to the world.
ll find a way to get him back.” Jack finally said.
t really the sort of conversation to have with humans.”
“You don’t know the half of it.”
Eileen’ll still be there when we get back.”
Ever heard of the Great Flood?
Dean’d had plenty of time over the past few weeks to think about what he would say if he managed to get Cas back.
Chuck smirked.
Jack just stared at him, apparently shocked into silence.
I might need to make more angels, but I can think of a few changes that
s all my fault,” Jack sniffed.
But, then again, if Cas was here, none of their current problems would exist in the first place.
before he’d died.
Chuck held up a hand, presumably to deliver the snap that would end their existence, but then he paused.
“It makes sense if you think about it,” he mused.
He was looking down at his hands, turning them over and periodically clenching his fists.
Jack’s head jerked back.
Sam ignored him and barreled forward.
After managing to get separated from everyone else while running around a very long hallway lined with doors that defied any and all logic, Cas and Dean found themselves alone in the linen closet they had ducked into to hide from the ghost.
Dean had endured all sorts of physical injury throughout his life, he’d broken bones, been stabbed, hell he’d even been tortured in Hell itself.
His face went through a complicated series of emotions before it settled on something more neutral.
Cas chuckled.
“Woah there Cas.” Dean pulled back and held up a hand, stopping Cas in his tracks. “Absolutely not. The ascot stays.”
I can sense them.”
Dean’d never had the best relationship with sleep.
“Oh,” she sounded surprised, but whether it was from the affirmation that zombies were real or Dean’s change in demeanor, he couldn’t tell.  “You sure you boys don’t want my help?”  She asked quietly.
It was probably safe to sit, so Dean slowly eased himself down onto the bench.
d been planning for.
“…You said we’d find another way,” Jack finally whispered.
It was just a few doors down from Dean’s room; far enough away to give Cas some space, but close enough that Dean could hear when he came and went.
Now that Chuck and Amara merged, we can lock them both up and avoid the monster problem.”
He cocked his head to the side.
“Anyway, because of that, the structure of a lot of things, Heaven in particular, leaves a lot to be desired.
Cas’s eyes flitted down to his lips and then back up to his eyes.
Dean backed up, executing the three point turn with a practiced ease— while completely ignoring the sniveling former God scrabbling in the dirt behind them—and drove away from the lakefront.
Cas flinched.
The struggle as they rolled across the floor was embarrassingly short lived.  Dean may have had the element of surprise on his side when he’d tackled him, but Cas still had the strength of an angel.  Dean’s back collided with the wood floor, knocking the wind out of him as a hand slammed down against his shoulder, effectively pinning him in place.  Cas loomed above him, baring his teeth in a vicious snarl that made him look more animal than human.  He pulled back the arm holding the sword, raising it high above his head.
“Sure, sure, we can head over there now, if you want.  Let me just get Cas.”  Dean hadn’t seen Cas all morning, which was unusual.  He could almost always count on Cas at least coming down for breakfast.  The idea of leaving Cas alone all day in the bunker didn’t sit right with him for some reason.
“I’m sure we’ve seen worse,” Sam replied, though he looked a but apprehensive.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean scoffed.  “I’m only agreeing to this because I know if we don’t at least check it out, you’ll keep bitching about it. But when it turns out that it’s not our kind of thing, which it won’t be, you’ll be on dish duty for the next month.”
Dean’s eyebrows furrowed.  “It’s a serial killer.  Not really our kind of thing.”   He stopped sharpening the machete in his hands and waved it around a bit for emphasis.  “Besides, we have our hands full enough as it is right now.”
If they gave Michael or Chuck even the slightest reason to doubt what was going on, it would all fall apart.
“What—“
The door swung open on silent hinges.
The sand crunched under their feet as they turned, one by one, and walked back towards the car.
with this?” Dean protested.
“I’ve done a lot of things I’m not proud of,” Jack continued.
And I’ve been fighting my way back ever since.”
Jack nodded, apparently following Amara’s lead and ignoring the both of them.
Understand?”
“We can’t just give up!” Dean exploded.
“CAS?”
“Someone’s up late,” Dean called out when he caught sight of Cas’s boots on the stairs.
“It’s not his power anymore.”
t ask for that!”
And Cas, being the smart son of a bitch that he is, realized that the Empty was probably pretty pissed at Billie for the whole stunt she pulled with Jack.
“Because I didn’t say it back!”
“Don’t get your panties in a twist.
Sam grabbed Death’s book from the table.
This is why he hadn’t wanted to talk about what had happened in the dungeon.
“No… this can’t be right.”
“A deal,” he laughed.
It’s a dick move.”
s like, to be in love with someone for years but you can
Dean’s heart plummeted in his chest.  However he was not about to let Cas know that, so he crossed his arms in an attempt to look nonchalant.  “One thing led to another?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.  “So what, you and her… you know?” Dean made a gesture.
“Back in Hastings,” Dean clarified.
Dean asked.
d built—back together.
They’re packing up now.
t say no.
Just a dream.
It wasn’t until an hour later, when Sam came down for his morning jog, that Dean realized he’d completely forgotten to ask Cas where he’d been.
That’s not fair.”
Dean snorted.
Cas wasn’t the only one who’d changed along the way.
Listen Jack,” Dean began slowly.
He’d known that Michael was a daddy’s boy at heart and that it would’ve been a mistake to trust him, but a part of him had wanted to be wrong.
After Cas had thrown his shirt somewhere behind him, Dean sat up, grabbing onto the angel’s hips and kissing his way from his collarbone up his neck, stopping along the way to suck at his pulse point. Cas tilted his head back and moaned, grabbing on to the back of Dean’s neck and holding him closer.  Dean pulled back to admire his handiwork… only to find no signs of bruising what-so-ever.  Damn angels.  Dean pouted for a moment before Cas placed a hand on his cheek and pulled him in for another kiss.
I was trying to be quiet, but I can’t find what I was looking for.
“Haven’t you wondered why there hasn’t been a single monster sighting within a fifty mile radius of the bunker?”
“Dean…” Cas growled.
Dean pulled off of the main road onto a nearby side street, and cut the engine.
“Wha—“
“I know,” Sam sighed.  “It’s just… something doesn’t feel right there.  And this wouldn’t be the first time someone thought a monster was just a serial killer.”
turn them over to you,” Singer agrees indulgently. “Until then, they’re under temporal investigation by virtue of the site they were found on. That makes them mine. Have a problem with that, Harvard?”
“What do you mean yours isn’t? What—?” another shouts.
“Is what you’re looking for even going to
“How’s it going?” Charlie asks, looking back and forth between them. The skin between her brows pinches for a moment. Dean knows that means she's either thinking or suspicious, but he’s not sure about what. “You said it should be ready by the time we got here?”
Thank you so much for reading! I'd love to hear what you think!
It’s hard to breathe. There’s a hitch in his side and he’s slowing down whether he wants to or not. He can hear the gunshots, but they don’t seem real until a pinpoint ball of heat whizzes past his ear and bark sprays from a tree trunk as they pass it.
“Of course they’re real. That made it easier. What movies have you been watching? Starting from scratch takes much longer.”
in here, either, like moonlight is leaking from somewhere.
” Charlie whispers. “
Now he looks up. “They have to closely monitor the area in and around any call center for signs of distortion outside certain parameters. Part of the safety reforms instituted after St. Louis to make people feel more secure using the technology.”
He continues to hover near the door, alternately sneaking glances through the blinds on the windows and keeping an eye on Cas.
Singer is at the back, holding out a hand for Bevell, who is dead last. She makes a running leap, grabs the offered hand, and Singer hauls her in and shoves her up toward the front. It’s clear they still don’t like each other very well.
Dean snorts. “Of course. Both of the remakes suck.”
“Certainly.”
“You weren’t just gone. I couldn’t hear your footsteps anymore,” he says, like he’s just realizing it.
Cas squints at him like he might be crazy. “No, they didn’t.”
“Huh? Oh. I don’t know. I—”
“Of all the…” Dean trails off, cursing quietly as he pinches the bridge of his nose.
“This is where you were?” Cas asks. Dean is pretty sure his hand is going to be sore later as tight Cas is squeezing now, but he isn’t complaining. At least they’re in this together.
Cas’s jaw is tight as he nods. “Which means this is exactly as bad as it could be.”
“I knew I liked you for a reason,” he grins.
” She doesn’t have to remind them he’s the one who can see them.
“Meaning what?” Dean asks. Before he fell asleep he remembers Castiel being frustrated at his screen at some point. More than one point, really. When Dean asked what was wrong he just shook his head and said he could fix it. Probably.
his stomach flipping. He’s just hungry.
“Well, if it’s another time
There are two of them at the end of the corridor, blocking it off and marking the otherwise invisible barrier between them and the east side of the building.
Dean’s stomach finally begins to unknot. They’re in.
What? Two chapters in a day? Okay I may be testing posting times/days...hoping to get back to posting this one more regularly!
“Oh no,” Cas says faintly.
, he hasn't really done anything either.
request this center be shut down…” Cas trails.
Something occurs to Dean. “Someone knew...whoever planned the attacks. Maybe they knew this was here. Maybe that’s how the sites were chosen, if it’s not the only one.”
“Did you see a calendar or anything you could get a closer look at?” Cas asks finally.
They both fall silent for a moment or two, unsure of where to go from there.
“How did we not have more warning!” someone questions loudly.
He can only answer with a nod, and Charlie is telling them to go. Just inside the exterior door the uniforms are looking at each other, looking at the door, confused.
“Do you have a better idea?”
Dean gives him an appreciative look. Maybe he’s only saying it for the reason he said—the less people in harm’s way, the better—but he gets a feeling maybe some of it is because Cas already understands how important his family is to him. He has to be grateful for that.
A dozen voices, all telling Dean what he already knows. That they’re in trouble. Guns and flashlights training on them, pinning them to the tree, and in his ear Charlie and Sam are cursing.
Three years. How could so much change here in three years?
“How can they be calling our names?” Dean murmurs. “We didn’t tell them our names. Charlie was blocking the searches on our faces.”
He notices they’re still
“That’s
“I wish I knew.”
? Dean isn’t sure what he’s hearing in his voice. Confusion and disappointment, certainly, but there’s more than that.
Sam is driving the Impala again, with Charlie, which really just adds to making this the strangest couple of days Dean has had in a long time. The quiet as Castiel works between a tablet and a holoband screen beside him has given him too much time to think already.
“What do you mean the doors are opening? This one—”
far back it goes.”
Where are we?” He wonders if this is part of the reason this entire half of the building is empty—why they’re keeping people out of it.
Dean nods, looking toward the empty space that leads to the past and back to Cas. Time to go. They do it together, still holding onto each other as they step willingly into the crack in time.
,” Dean says. “Future us. Me and Cas. Is this where it came from?”
Cas winces. “I don’t know...maybe. And...I don’t want that for you.”
Dean curses. “What the hell do we do now!”
“Where were
“Does this mean we don’t have to impersonate anyone anymore?” Dean asks. He looks down at the gray suit Cas lent him from his house. It’s not a perfect fit, but it’s close enough.
He and his partner seem pretty in sync, but the smaller blonde woman shadowing them is jockeying for position at Singer’s other side. She’s also in a pantsuit, but one much more closely tailored than Mills, and her sharp jaw and body language just scream condescension. Dean dislikes her before she even opens her mouth.
“How far?” Singer asks. “When are you from?”
Cas looks off, not really seeing anything anymore. His eyes go back and forth, his focus inward, his fingers still clamped around the rail. Dean can’t help staring out at the space before them, the space that’s wrong—like watching a train wreck, maybe—but he’s reaching at the same time. For Cas’s shoulder. He squeezes when he finds it, because that’s all he can do. He can feel the tension there.
“That’s…” Dean looks around for the other exit from the offices it shows. “This way.”
“What are you doing?” Dean asks, when the comms have fallen back into silence.
“Cas?” he whispers again.
Castiel backs up quickly himself, apologizing under his breath. Dean tells himself that is
“If we go back and stop the attacks, the us in that past will never have a reason to go into the center. They’ll never come here, never go through one of these cracks, and never leave their own place in the changed timeline to make room for us. We’ll only be extras. We’ll be nothing. Stranded.
Dean slaps his free hand over Cas’s mouth to stop him going on forever, because he would, and because he’d really like to get this over with and be out of here.
That understanding on his face is the last thing Dean sees before he’s forced to focus on the growing force surrounding them again. Cas’s hands are already up, and Dean doesn’t see any better alternative than following suit.
When Cas looks up again he’s suddenly so serious, and Dean doesn't know what to make of it. He stops everything and leans closer, like he wants to be sure Dean is listening. “Of course it’s about St. Louis. If we let the world as a whole continue to screw around with time, we’ll break it. We’ve already seen the cracks. St. Louis itself, for one.”
Dean waits, but he doesn’t get an answer to his question. “Hey.”
” Sam protests.
They’re brought back into the fray in the offices, past the teams scouring every surface and file and tablet. Singer leads the way into a conference room two doors down from the manager’s office Dean and Cas had sequestered themselves in less than hour ago. The oval glass table takes up most of the room, and holo-screens wrap the walls. Half of them aren’t working, and some of them flicker off and on.
?” Dean echoes in disgust. He blinks, realizing how close he is to Cas; mere inches from his face. He swallows and straightens up, grateful for the distraction.
He can tell, however, that there are several lines going up sharply. One stands out more than the others.
“We have to go!” Dean whispers. They’re just standing here in the open, in the junction between two perpendicular corridors. It’s an open space with a few vending machines, and two or three small tables.
“Dean, Cas, where are you! Idjits…”
Dean snorts, trying to be offended anyway. “
“You were right,” Cas is saying, pulling more files and copies of several emails onto his tablet. “This helps, but what we really need to see isn't in here. Something’s in the equipment bay. I can’t tell what, exactly; they were far too careful about what they actually wrote down, but it’s what’s causing the distortion readings.”
Dean huffs and drops his arm. “Shut up. Just be careful.”
The grin Cas gives him can only be described as shit-eating. “Worried about me?”
The shaking isn’t gone for long. As they climb into the back of one of the trucks and the last of the men are climbing down the rubble pile, it returns. It doesn’t stop this time.
Dean tries to decide when he started trusting this guy so completely even though Cas doesn’t tell him everything; even though he really knows so little about him. He can’t figure out when, but he thinks he knows why.
“Right here. I turned around and you were gone.”
Dean feels silly tiptoeing up to them, and more silly watching Cas turn sideways to step carefully between them. He makes it and turns back to beckon Dean through. Dean can’t decide whether or not to roll his eyes as he stands there, hesitating. He doesn’t have time to make up his mind before Cas snags the arm of his suit jacket and starts tugging him slowly through. He can’t protest or make noise pulling his arm back, because that would give them away. He has no choice but to let it happen.
“Your Dean and Castiel can’t get back while it’s like that, can they?” he asks quietly.
Then it happens.
“I get it! We have to be quiet. Charlie, what about the actual door?”
“I think you made her angry,” Mills says, snorting in amusement.
Cas starts running, pulling Dean with him. “Can I explain when we’re out of here?”
together or anything, but the way the other Castiel was shouting at the end...
The Louisiana backroad is dim under the tree cover as they make their way to the call center from Castiel’s, even though it’s the middle of the day. They’re taking two cars so they can split up, so it’s just Dean and Castiel is Castiel’s car. The silver thing—which was hidden in the garage like Dean had thought—actually has autodrive, because it’s only a few years old, so no one has to man the steering wheel unless there’s a problem. Dean is sitting in the driver’s seat though, just in case, because Castiel asked if he minded doing it while he worked on something.
“Bobby! Protocol!” someone else barks out of the dark.
“People like PACTT are getting us nowhere,” Cas huffs, shifting back in his seat.
“I don’t think it’s far,” he says. “It may only be a few days ago, even.”
Dean lets out a breath. “I know you do…”
any working equipment here? This center has no power. Our Dean and Castiel came in here looking for an organic fissure that could take them somewhere they could make a call back that far.”
,” Charlie says. “
These people must have charted a path on the way to them that avoided cracks—or organic fissures, or whatever the hell they are—because they don’t seem worried about happening upon them now. They bypass computer labs and other rooms that Dean vaguely remembers from before, and everything in them is smashed now.
He’s still not looking up, and Dean huffs quietly.
A small hologram the size of a card projects from the chip.
His comm beeps in his ear.
Cas makes a beeline for the manager’s office. What must be a detective from the local police is at the desk, but Cas flashes his ID and after a short argument they’re alone. Cas sits in front of the computer while Dean closes the door and hovers near it.
“They can’t see us,” Cas reminds him, short of breath and near his ear. “Ready?”
“Jody? Really?”
“Readings?”
“Is this a bad time to bring up the fact that I never made the track team?” Dean gasps.
“You don’t have to tell me what it
They’re halfway down a corridor when abruptly there are no lights.
everyone down there.”
. One moment the center in all its pristine perfection, the next a ruin. One moment a mess of foliage and the next an empty field.
Two of the uniforms walk them up the drive and take them in through the same side door they found open after the explosions yesterday. They’ve got some sort of emergency power to the rest of the building, because the lock is working now and there are lights inside.
“Hold on; we don’t know
He looks back at the center again, and he doesn't even know what he’s seeing. The flickering is faster—less flickering and more
to do that, actually.
It’s what he’s heard all his life. It’s all anyone has heard. He can’t explain his doubts. Maybe it’s because he wants to believe there might be a way to save his parents someday. Or Jo. Anyone. It’s a crazy hope, but he has it.
“What’s—”
Cas clears his throat. “What year is it?” he asks.
Cas takes out the ID chips he’d been working on before they left and plugs them into the side of his tablet, then taps his comm. “We’ll have to be more careful, but I think we can still do this; we have a plan now. If you’re all up for it.”
else. Or would there even
“No. I don’t think they got a call in their version of the past. The only way we could confirm that would be to ask them, but it seems reasonable.”
Dean still has the holoband Charlie lent him; it beeps at him from his wrist. He turns the display on at fourth size to squint at the implant camera image she’s sent them from someone else in the approaching helicopter.
He winces when he realizes that would be even worse—if there were more of these things—but it seems, unfortunately, like a logical connection.
“It is. Very, in this case.” Cas scans farther down the page, past more charts, and the farther he goes the more scared he looks. His eyebrows knit together and he chews on the inside of his cheek. “Why was this place still operational? They should have shut down weeks ago.”
There’s a ring of black-uniformed security officers looped around the perimeter of the call center property. A tighter ring surrounds what’s left of the building itself, and others roam the grounds. They all have guns—big black ones, held across their chests. The heavy machinery and dumpsters half-full of debris still sit abandoned near the building, and Dean wonders if they can’t clean anything else up until what caused the explosions has been determined.
Sam opened his mouth, probably to spout some bullshit that was supposed to be comforting, but he was cut off by the sound of a chair loudly scraping against the wood floor.
“There’s someone out there.
Once again Dean was reminded of just how young Jack really was.
Dean flipped back around.
Cas had made that deal to save him after all. But no... That wouldn
“What did he say to you?”
It hurt too much for him to even think about it.
Jack took a step forward and Chuck snapped again, and again, and again, clearly panicking as Jack drew closer.
A dull ringing noise started up in Dean’s ears as he blankly watched Sam look over the mold.  It wasn’t a prefect cast by any means, but it was complete enough to show the familiar shape of a blade with a base shaped like a three pointed star that tapered to a sharp point.  He barely registered what Sam was saying to the sheriff, didn’t even react when Sam grabbed him by the arm and led him out of the precinct as he promised Sheriff Stoker that they’d let her know if they found any information on the weapon.
“Like either of us have any room to talk.”
s shoulder.  “We should get going too.”
Dean threw off the covers and padded over to the sink.
A lightbulb went off in Dean’s head.
And you’re not holding up any better.”
Cas had loved him.
“More like a black hole.”
“I thought I’d have to wait at least a few weeks.”
“Gesundheit.”
Last I checked, you weren’t the kind of guy who had, like, any possessions…”
d dusted.
Slipping out of his room and into the hall, Dean was relived to find it deserted.
s, well, who’s just discovered that the love of his life’s come back from the dead.
The lid to the box slammed shut with a note of finality as the runes covering the surface flared to life briefly, but it was the complete and utter silence that followed that made Dean’s ears ring.  He wasn’t sure exactly what he’d expected.  The last time they’d tried to use one of these, it hadn’t worked, but given the fuss Cas had thrown before he’d been shoved in, you’d think that there’d be some evidence of the near feral creature that was locked inside.  But there was no banging against the heavy, metal lid, no hoarse screaming or high-pitched angelic screeching.
Cas’s eyes widened.  “Oh! You mean did we copulate?” Dean winced.  Thankfully, Cas seemed to notice this and quickly continued.  “No, we did not.  As I was trying to say, there were a lot a djinn talking at once, and it quickly got very confusing.  I knew how much we needed the fruit so I just agreed.”
“That’s what you’re sorry about?  That I had to see it?  They were innocent people Cas!  And you murdered them in cold blood.”
A-and I was so blindsided by everything that was going on that I… I couldn’t…I didn’t…”
“Holy shit it worked.”  Sam lowered the still smoking gun and chuckled, though the sound that came out sounded just shy of hysterical.
“Cut the crap, Chuck,” Dean growled.
Dean looked over Sam’s shoulder at the book.
“You ok there kid?”
“We should go.” Dean roughly pushed himself up off the bench.
“Yeah, yeah I know you’re impatient.” Dean swatted back at him.
And extremely unsettling.
As hard as he tried keep his attention fully on his conversation with Daphne, Dean’s gaze kept slipping back to the scowling angel.  Cas had dropped all pretense of being subtle now.  He swore Cas could muster up a better bitch face than Sam when he put his mind to it.  Just when Dean was about to give up and do something stupid, like stomp across the room and demand that Cas tell him what his deal was, a piercing scream echoed through the mansion.  In a flash, everyone was running out of the room.
s eyes flickered down to Dean’s shoulder then back up to his face.
So Eileen
“Hey Eileen!
“Dean, Cas? The ghost is go… Oh come on guys!” Sam cried out, slapping a hand over his eyes.  Cas and Dean’s lips broke apart but beyond that the two of them stood frozen in place.  Cas stared incredulously at Dean before looking over at Sam and then back at Dean.  Dean chuckled softly as he let go of Cas’s leg and took a step away from him.
He wanted his free will so badly and this is what he
“He doesn’t actually blame me you know,”
Just stay down.”
Tears welled up in Jack’s eyes and he threw himself at Dean, as if he believed that holding on for dear life would hold off what was to come.
Wait.
“Dean.” Sam ran a hand down his face and sighed.
Michael stared down at where Lucifer had been standing mere moments before.
m not finished Cas,” Dean interrupted.
“Cas that’s not why I kicked you out and you know it, I told you—“
“Billie…”
Silence.
“Jack,” he replied, as he started to tear up.
If Cas had been pissed before, he looked downright murderous now.  The bullet hole in his shoulder looked even larger now, staining the material of his coat with blood and shining with a faint blue light.  Dean cursed. Of course Cas had managed to dig the damn bullet out of his shoulder.  Bastard was nothing if not determined.  This is why you always aimed for the head; it was a lot harder to remove a bullet when you had to go through the skull to get it.
It felt like a vice was crushing him from the inside, even though Chuck wasn’t touching him.
“Shit,” Dean groaned, rubbing a hand down his face.
I’m not as close to this so maybe he’ll listen to me.”
So what’s different this time?”
Dean, I tried, but the Empty.
Dean managed to shove Sam out of the way of the next arc of the blade, earning himself a painful gash across his bicep for his trouble.  Another swipe came rushing towards him and Dean threw himself back, barely managing to keep himself on his feet as he finally came face to face with his attacker.
But only if—“You think you’re strong enough to do that?”
This is literally my first attempt at writing smut so... enjoy?
Sam took a step forward.
His shoulders tightened, hiking up even higher.
Dean threw another punch, that Chuck dodged with ease.
Chuck turned slowly to face Jack, who was standing tall and uninjured.
Besides us.
of this; I can destroy it if I want to.
Sam however, hadn’t noticed Jack, or even register much of what Dean had said.
s face as he watched Jack and Cas
Chuck lifted his head off the ground.
had picked up on it.
Sam blinked and turned the page.
Dean awoke the following morning to the sound of his phone ringing, some loud obnoxious ringtone that Sam had changed it to during their last prank war that Dean still hadn’t figured out how to change.
“Let’s just say that, with all the eye-fucking I’ve been forced to witness over the years, I’m surprised that Jack was your first kid.”
t like Jack had asked for him to do it, but Cas, in true Winchester fashion, had offered himself up without hesitation to save his family.
Cas told me that it would come to collect when he experienced a moment of true happiness.
“For all eternity?” he choked out.
Dean followed his gaze.
Dean lifted his head just in time to see Jack lunge towards Chuck and also get effortlessly thrown to the side.
“What about the binding spell?
“Absolutely,” he tried to sound reassuring, but he was having a hard time trying to feel much of anything beyond the dread and despair that was threatening to drown him.  “You know what, Amelia?”  He heard his voice as he spoke again, but it sounded far away even to his own ears.  “You’re probably right, I’m sure it’s a ghoul or something.  Sam and I ‘ll handle it.”
“Last time we killed him, he definitely left behind a body.”
Chuck sounded frustrated now and Dean smiled, the gesture pulling at his bruised and bloodied face.
I told him that it wasn’t his fault, but you know telling him that and getting him to actually believe it are two very different beasts.”
“But only Death can read it.”
I was the one who decided to go after Billie.”
There was a weed and when I reached towards it, it withered and died.”
The change in his brother was apparent.
By the time Dean had managed to drag himself down to the kitchen and brew himself some coffee, his mood had managed to tank even further.  Nothing seemed to be going his way today: Sam had evidently used the last of the good beans and forgotten to tell him, he‘d spilled water all over the counter while trying to refill the reservoir, and he’d pulled the milk out of the fridge only to discover that it had started to turn.  So instead of a good cup of coffee with a splash of milk, he was stuck with a cup of pre-ground shit that was as black as his mood.  There had been some of Sam’s weird plant milk in the fridge but Dean would sooner go back to Purgatory then drink that hippie crap.  Grumbling under his breath, Dean leaned against the counter and took his first sip.  He’d forgotten that the lack of milk meant the drink was still blisteringly hot, so all he got for his efforts was a pretty spectacular burn on his tongue.  Great.  Because his morning hadn’t sucked enough already.
Maybe we could ask him to—“
The pristine white pages were indeed completely empty.
That’s, like, a classic move.
Sam blanched.
Like they’d never disappeared to begin with.
If there was even a chance of getting their family back—of getting
He tightened his grip on Jack
“Wha— Cas no, you aren’t expendable!”
“Like I said,” Chuck grinned, his features twisting into something cruel and merciless, the picture of the God of the Old Testament.
The four of them stood in awkward silence for a few moments.
“Michael has no idea that the pages are blank.”
“Chuck.” Sam shouldered his way in front of Dean.
“…Should I go talk to Jack?” Sam asked tentatively.
“Because you’re not him.” Jack’s expression turned serious once more.
“Guys…” Chuck whispered, as he struggled to stand back up.
“And what if what I want is to watch you suffer?” he asked.
The sound of the bunker’s main door swinging open was what finally jolted Dean from that rather upsetting train of thought.
“Huh?”
Chuck’s head snapped to the side under the blow, but beyond that, he appeared to be unaffected.
Dean had never liked morgues.  They were always just a bit too cold and stank of chemicals that couldn’t quite mask the scent of death that permeated them.  The Lebanon morgue was no exception.  It was one of the smaller morgues Dean had seen throughout his years of hunting, barely big enough for the table of lab equipment and single autopsy table, currently in use by a sheet covered body.
going to kill them.
Dean hadn’t noticed it at first.  Sure, there had been reports of a stabbing every once in a while on the news, but the rising monster problem had taken up most of his attention.  It wasn’t until the news started releasing details that he really started to pay attention.
She narrowed her eyes.
And if the cost was his life, well, that was a pretty small price to pay in the grand scheme of things.
Cas’s lips were warm and slightly chapped but absolutely alive against his own.
None of this would be happening if I’d just never been born.”
Dean didn’t have time to come up with a witty retort.
Jack didn’t reply.
So, when Dean opened the door, Cas’s empty room looked no different from the day they’d first found the bunker.
It was time to start a new one.
“No, it can’t be…” Cas’s expression fell.
Sam snorted.
“It was on an episode of Star Trek.”
Jack’s question cut through the conversation like a knife.
They spared Chuck no detail—save for a few private conversations that he had no right to.
” Jack continued, shaking his head.
Sam didn
“What—no!” Jack cried out.
Too many people had gotten caught up in the mess that was their lives and paid the price.
Amara blinked.
To die, at the hands of Sam Winchester… of Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer.”
because of what Cas did to his head.
“You know, like stars,” Dean clarified.
Eventually.”
“Cut the crap Cas!”  Dean slammed his hand down on the table.  “I know, ok?”
Sam looked over at Jack.
He’d learned how to deal with it over the years, to power through his required four hours and move on with his day.
Dean paused, turning back to take another look at the planters behind him on the other side of the diner’s entrance.
Jack squinted at him, scanning Dean’s face for any hints of deception.
“Hey there, Dean,” the sheriff somehow sounded even more tired than the last time they’d spoken.  She seemed almost resigned.  “Just calling to ask... are... are zombies a thing?”
The woman flicked a lock of her brown hair out of her face and stared Jack down.
Or at least… Dean didn’t think he would…
Dean slammed his hand down on the table.
This seemed to throw Cas for a loop. He stopped short. “Does it even matter anymore?” He asked bitterly.
“Hey according to Sam, I wasn’t exactly subtle.
“As if you weren’t secretly relieved that you didn’t have to put up with me anymore!”
The war room and kitchen were similarly abandoned.
But she didn’t—wait where
Even now, he couldn’t say it.
Dean stopped.
Dean paused when he reached the door, taking a moment to rest his forehead against the wood.
That chapter of his life was finally over.
As the hours passed, Dean’s thoughts wandered.  He tried to focus on mundane things, like what he was going to cook for dinner the rest of the week, but he only had so many things he could think about before his mind inevitably made its way to the topic he’s been trying so hard to avoid.
“Hey Cas?”
Of course I
And so Dean and Sam told him about everything: about discovering Jack’s new ability, realizing that Death’s book was blank, and deceiving Michael into leading Chuck right to his doom.
Cas stood there in awkward silence, eyes narrowed slightly as he watched Dean expectantly.  The unspoken question hung in the air between them, but Dean was too scared to actually ask it and it seemed that Cas was unwilling to just give him an answer.  After a few moments, Cas sighed, looking almost disappointed, and turned to walk further into the bunker.
But he was only human.
He could cry when it was all over.  If it ever would be over.
What do you say we call it for the night and take another stab at it in the morning with fresh eyes?”
But I didn
“Um, no offense.”
Dean tightened his grip on Jack, who buried his face into his neck.
Even tried to sic Death himself on him.”
And that was entirely Dean’s fault, but if anyone besides Cas could get through to Jack, it was Sam.
You weren’t exactly subtle dude.”
“What?” Dean asked defensively.
The little voice sounded familiar; it reminded him of another voice, one that had expressed a similar sentiment not so long ago.
s shoulders lowered slightly, not fully relaxed but still looser than before.
It took her… and it took him.
“Cas?” Dean stopped walking halfway into the library.  Cas stopped as well; he turned and hummed in acknowledgement.  “What was that you said earlier about possibly being married to the queen of the djinn?”
Check stared blankly at the empty pages.
Amara paid them no mind, fixing her gaze firmly on Jack.
“His power…” he began.
Sam’s eyebrows furrowed.
d stopped Chuck and brought back everyone that he
Hey, Jack...”
Dean barely repressed the urge to flinch.
“We are going to have a long talk later about hiding potentially life threatening conditions,” he scolded.
Dean slammed his fist against the metal.  “Dammit Cas!”  He slowly sunk to his knees.  “I love you,” he whispered as the tears he’d been trying so hard to hold back finally began to slip free.  “Always have,” he sniffed.  “Wanted to tell you so bad in Purgatory, both times, but it’s a little late for that now, isn’t it?”
The words on the page in front of him were starting to blur together, a sign that he needed more caffeine.
Dean silently sat down next to him at the counter.
“We can’t keep getting Jack’s hopes up every time we find the word ‘empty’ in some old Latin text only to let him down again when it turns out to be nothing.
change what you do.”
“But I said I’m sorry, sweetie.”
“Winchester,” he recognized, brows knitted into a heavy frown. “What did you call me?”
So Dean and Castiel ended up on the long, white couch together, a tad too close yet a little too apart (as outside observers would assert). It was funny, actually. The more the movie progressed, the less the space between them had become, and Dean found himself exactly where he wanted to be tonight.
Garth grimaced. “Yeah, right, him.”
Dean drew a staggered laugh, shaking his head at the man. “This is definitely on the top fifteen of my ‘Best Burgers’ list. And that’s a painstakingly-made list. Don’t tell me this is your first burger?”
Suddenly, he spotted the road they were on, one familiar but new all the same, and Dean recognized that they were not on their way back to Castiel’s house.
sweet, sugary love tastes like.”
“Jolly good. Well don’t let me keep you. Get to cracking on that case.”
Dean’s heart fluttered, seeing right through Castiel’s bull. He thrusted his hand in the bag and picked off a piece, tasting it with a grunt of approval. “That’s what I’m talking about.”
They both looked away from each other, awkward and unsure how they came to such a civil conversation. Dean cleared his throat and saw Castiel’s clean plate. “You know what, I’m gonna order another. You want another one? I’ll get you another one.” His eyes traveled from the table to the waitress, holding his hand up to get her attention.
A beat.
Dean slid a plate in front of him filled with pancakes, eggs and bacon, and would you look at that: hash browns.
Jack hissed a ‘yes’ and beamed gleefully. “Thank you, Cas. Really. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Castiel shook his head, tittering. “Just don’t lose your head, okay?”
“Are you the shopkeep?”
“Balt,” said Castiel placatingly before Dean could open his mouth. “I know. We believe you.” His eyes fastened on Dean, imploring
“What do you want.”
• • •
Dean bit his lip unknowingly as he looked on the immortal ushering the indignant Englishman back inside his office with some sort of fondness.
“It’s not that, I mean—they have their significance, of course. But this is a colossal transfiguration, what with the validation of juvenile soul-giving, and I just. . .” Castiel gave an onerous sigh. “It feels as though I have a foot out of the door, into a universe of which I’m not acquainted with, and it makes me. . .”
“Maybe that’s not—”
“I’m so sorry to hear that, Dean,” consoled Castiel, eyebrows knitted into a tender frown at Dean’s admission. “That was truly a selfless act, what he did.”
“Just a reminder, Dr. Milton, about the summer convention in Rome. They want you again. As they always do,” Dr. Shurley teased, eyes crinkled in mirth.
Unbeta'd.
Castiel sighed. There can be no winning with this man, and frankly, Castiel didn’t have enough carbohydrates to argue.
Dean was helpless. “I’m not your mom, Cas—Castiel—Cas, I need you to listen!”
“Are you—?” Castiel took a sharp breath. “Are you trying to get me to fall in love with you?” It was a good thing that Dean had already swallowed the food, or else he would’ve started choking again. “What? Nah, man,” he said weakly. “I, uh. I decided that you aren’t my type.”
“A trivia: Bobby Singer was actually born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. His family only moved to Lawrence when he was a child.”
Castiel eyed him suspiciously, before lowering his gaze and shaking his head. Then he pulled out his wallet and took some bills, placing it on the table. “This is my half. I think we should go.”
“You don’t get it. Cas, I—”
Castiel didn’t know what Ash was doing in Kansas and not in Massachusetts but he couldn’t say it wasn’t to his fortune.
When the man strode to the passenger door of the car, Dean willed himself to swallow. Crouching down to the height of the car window, Castiel tapped on it with his index finger before waving uncertainly at Dean, his smile unsure.
“All relevant questions that Dr. Roché needs to answer. Now let’s get outta here. We don’t know how much damage that earthquake did.” He turned in his place and headed to egress, Castiel following reluctantly with the phone still in his hand.
“I’m sorry to hear about your mom, Cas.” Dean bit his lip as he continued. “Have you told anyone how the quakes affect you?”
And set the sun did.
“Let her decide if she likes you.”
part of him.”
Castiel and Dean exchanged weird looks at their simultaneous responses.
“Alright. Thank you, Becky.”
Castiel glanced at the man at his reply, the previous events emerging to consciousness. “You, uh,” he pursed his lips. “You came for me? When the earthquake—?”
He advanced to the two men, Castiel rounding on his car to Jack’s and Dean’s side.
He lost count as to how many times he’d scrolled down his file.
“You went back?”
“So when you said at the bar that you didn’t want any more aberrations. . .”
The man by the table stepped forward, cautious. “Uh, good afternoon, agent.”
They had seemed to be fairly good people, and Castiel was glad that Jack found friends he could rely on. “Yes,” Jack confirmed. “They’re coming, too. We’d be perfectly safe.”
Castiel thrummed in acknowledgment. “And?”
,” he drawled, “But those people—people you say I hurt—they deserved it! They were horrible people! They were mean, stuck-up little brats that needed a reality check. So, yeah, maybe they did fall into my trap, maybe I did love ‘em and leave ‘em, but I’m telling ya—they got what was coming to them.” Dean heaved definitively. He had never put what he did into words, and hearing them out loud, coming from his own mouth no less, it did give him a vague sense of shame.
Since when did Dean and he become a
Oh, yeah. Music was definitely playing. But a voice that didn’t come from the speakers blended with it.
“You’re not a burden, Dean.” Castiel smiled easily, as though he had all the answers in the world. “You’re my friend.”
“Oh,” intoned Castiel, retracting his grip from his sternum and blinking at the flower. “Oh. Yes. An excellent choice. A purple rose, symbolizing—”
Castiel felt a rush of empathy toward him, to his hurt, and then one of gratitude, the mistrust seeping out of his skin even though he wasn’t entirely sure why. His eyes stared straight at the scarcely lit hall.
“Unfortunately, no. The thief was good in clearing evidence. But rest assured that he’ll be brought to justice,” said Dean firmly, opening his folder and clicking his pen.
Castiel grimaced at his own image grimacing back at him, the dark blue shirt peppered with small white polka dots he had donned fitting him quite nicely, but he couldn’t tell for sure. He never really had much of a style worth a penny, what with his tan trench coat usually sufficing.
thought that Dean Winchester had a sliver of modesty in him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. Um, FBI Agent Dean Smith. He’s—we’re trying to find anyone with a link.”
It earned a chuckle from the chancellor. “And a free one, at that.”
Castiel gave him a deadpan expression before grabbing the leather strap of his case and aiming towards the exit. Dean followed his trail.
These hearsays dated all the way back to the 1950s. Coming from all of the states of America.
“Oh,” she said in recognition. “Of course, please come in.” She held the door open and let the two men enter.
The only difference this time was that the feeling had intensified a thousandfold.
“Why would I need someone to bake me cupcakes when you share yours?” Gabriel shrugged in concession. “So early in the morning, Gabe?” he asked, examining the blue-frosted cake in his fingers. Gabriel only shook his head, green icing smothered on his upper lip.
They stayed there for what felt like hours—with Dean trying to temper his and Castiel’s pain, until the haphazard oscillation of the floor subsided and eventually came to a halt. The moment it did, Castiel stirred in his position, surfacing into recognition. His palms withdrew from his face, finding the place dark with only sparse lighting enabling him to see that he was still in the Chamber of History. When he detected wetness on his palms, he hurriedly wiped his face before it dawned on him that he was laying on someone.
Castiel gulped, hearing his quickening heartbeat in his ears as the man lifted a hand and gestured with a pointer finger right at Castiel.
Dean shifted uncomfortably. “Agent Dean Smith, sir. I would like to ask some questions regarding the theft.”
“Buddy, you’re rambling,” Dean interrupted softly, and Castiel flushed. “I—”
Dean smiled wryly. “Castiel James Milton, Ph.D., scared of babies.”
“Alright,” Castiel conceded, turning to his MacBook and saving his file perfunctorily before closing it off and placing it away from their makeshift brunch. But Dean had stolen a second-short glimpse, enough for him to surmise what Castiel had been doing before he arrived.
berated him from overhead.
Dean’s knuckles grinded on the steering wheel. “What are you on about?” Castiel’s eyes narrowed at the man. “Are you telling me you’re
Castiel smiled in thankfulness, and Dean shot him a playful grin.
Dean gave him a nod, then to Balthazar, and he sighed in relief.
Only the motorcycle wasn’t a motorcycle anymore. It had transformed into a hospital mattress, and Dean was no longer sprawled against metal, but against his best friend on his deathbed.
Dean returned the badge in his black suit jacket, and before he could reply, the doctor continued, “If this is about the soul piece, I’m afraid you’re going to be disappointed. That thing is long gone.”
He lowered his head. “I’m sorry, Gabe.”
A minute passed by, and Dean put on his trusty mixtape, blaring his favorite all-time bands before making a left.
It was this feeling again. . . The flare of hope stirring within Dean, the coruscation almost too much to bear. This time, though, someone felt it with him.
“Trust me.” Castiel kept himself leveled, but conveyed enough reassurance. Dean did trust Castiel, but he was wordless; he closed his eyes when his friend stopped and killed the engine.
His eyes grew comically.
“What did you mean when you said ‘intolerable’?” Castiel finally asked after an hour of uncomfortable silence. Dean darted his eyes to Castiel in recognition. “What d’you mean?”
“Dean.” Castiel sounded gleeful as he showed Dean a large bag of colorful cotton candy that was snug in his other arm.
“Kid’s right,” Dean cut in.
“Lemme take a look.”
Chuck took a step towards the ruined spell.
Only heathens and insomniacs were up at this hour, but apparently he was a part of the latter group now.
And Chuck… He just lay there in the sand, staring out into the distance in shocked silence as their words washed over him.
So of course he wouldn’t believe that Dean didn’t blame him.
Internally, Dean sighed in relief.  But, now that he had been reassured, he was absolutely going to tease Cas about this forever.  “So… Are you telling me that, back in cartoon world, you were cheating on your wife?  Doesn’t God say something about that being a big no-no?”
Sam trailed off as he tapped on the screen and held the phone up in front of his face.
It was shortly afterwards that the murders started.
A small smile spread across Jack’s face.
“B-but—“
“Son,“ Chuck replied, his tone just as emotionless.
Cas?” Dean let his hand drop, and Cas
Cas stopped, standing utterly still, and once again, Dean reminded of just how inhuman his friend was.  Cas wasn’t breathing.  He technically didn’t need to breathe, but he’d said once that his body found the action comforting.  But now the facade had dropped and the creature standing in front of Dean wasn’t one he recognized.  “What could we possibly need to talk about?”
Dean thought it had been painful to find out that Sam had been alive all those months he’d spent with Lisa and Ben, but the idea of Cas pulling a similar move was somehow even worse.
Cas is… Cas is gone.”
Dean held up a hand.
Sam slapped his hand on his jacket pocket before quickly pulling out his phone.
t do anything about it so you shove it down somewhere and you try to ignore it.”
to do with this.”
s Jack?”
“Reah!” Scooby agreed.
“He told me he loved me.
There was no heat to the familiar insult.
No one argued.
“Jack was totally powerless then some plants die and suddenly he can sense Michael.
Finally after a couple months of silent evenings in the bunker, Dean’d had enough.
He made an aborted gesture towards the desk and, yep, there was a folded up piece of paper sitting there.
“The book landed face down on the floor and Michael flew off before I could grab it.”
Dean slept fitfully that night.  Every time he closed his eyes, his dreams presented him with a number of increasingly distressing scenarios, all revolving around Cas.  When he woke up for the fourth time in a cold sweat to find that it was barely seven in the morning, he finally gave up on getting any sleep.
“Hold the phone.”
“I… think so?”
Jack was still glowing, eyes a vibrant gold.
After they’d found Eileen’s phone and bag outside of her place, Sam had all but shut down emotionally.
You don
Sam looked back at Jack and then behind Dean, as if he was only now noticing Cas’s absence.
Silence fell over the lake.
s always my fault and just this once I... I wanted to…"
After a pause he looked back up at Sam.
Either Cas would be there waiting for their return… or he wouldn’t.
Dean blinked at Cas.
Well, it’s not like I could tell you in person,” Cas snapped, thankfully cutting off that train of thought.
But Cas didn’t seem to be listening anymore.  “But I just kept coming back didn’t I?”   Cas’s eyes narrowed and he took a step forward.  “Too blinded by whatever misguided affection I may have held for you to understand what you were trying to tell me.  You would never stoop so low, could never love the monster you saw me as.”  Cas chuckled, a low mirthless noise that chilled Dean to the bone nearly as efficiently as his words had.  “I made a promise to myself the last time I left.” A quick movement and a flash of silver caught Dean’s eye as Cas took another step closer. “And I refuse to be cast aside again.”
“We were barely able to carry him here, Dean.  There’s no way we’re gonna be able to lift him up that high.”
Cas wound his arms around Jack’s torso and held on to Jack just as tight.
Wait what
“So what is this all we’re going to do with the rest of our lives?
It wasn’t until they made it back to the bunker after confronting that shady real estate developer, that Dean remembered something Cas had said earlier.
“He’s not my—“ Jack protested.
Dean let out a shaky sigh and ran his hands over his face, pausing when his hand came back wet.  He hadn’t even noticed that he’d been crying.
Cas took a step towards the door.
Human.
Dean’s eyes slipped closed.  But, before he could react any further, Cas abruptly pulled away.
In fact the only tape Dean knew of that Cas owned would be… the one currently sitting in the drawer next to his own bed…
He froze, his gaze darting back toward the entity in question.
“You’re gonna make me say it, aren’t you, you bastard?” Dean growled.  “You lock yourself away in your room so we barely see you anymore and then I find out you’ve been disappearing for hours on end in the middle of the night.  Then suddenly the bodies start piling up?”  Cas’s face was as emotionless as a block of stone and it was making Dean’s blood boil.  How dare he be so indifferent when everything was falling to pieces around them?  “It doesn’t take a genius to put the pieces together!”
Sam sputtered.
“He saved me,” he finally settled on.
Jack took a shaky breath.
He reached out to turn a page, then another, and another, until he was frantically leafing through the blank white sheets of the tome.
A year and a half later, as Bobby’s machete came flying towards his neck, Dean’s last thought was of kind, blue eyes and how not even death would grant him the comfort of getting to see them again.
Dean’s first instinct is to lie.
Dean... I—”
No problem.
Had everyone known but him?
Dean I
It didn’t sit right with Dean.
Sam shook his head, frantically patting his jacket pockets until he located his phone.
But if this was going to work then they were really going to have to sell it.
And Cas too, you bastard,” Dean growled, moving to stand next to Sam.
“What?”  Dean blinked a couple times.  He wasn’t exactly sure what he’d been expecting, but zombies had not been anywhere on that list.  He sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed, and rubbed a hand over his face.  “Why?”
“Dean stop!” Cas snarled. “Its too late, we both know how this ends.”
“Big enough star explodes, it collapses in on itself, creates a black hole, and starts sucking in everything around it.
“Can’t do that?” Chuck threw his arms out.
Cas was
Time passed in a blur after that.
“Dean,” Sam was giving him a look now, one that was as sorrowful as it was grim.  “You think this could be Ca—“
“Do what?” Cas growled.  “I’m the one with the weapon.”  He swung again, and this time Dean ducked straight down.
If the past was any indication, he was going to need them.
“Are you sure about this?”
And even then I don’t know what he was thinking when it came to the platypus…”
Cas’s room.
Another punch.
“He didn’t see the book.”
“He seemed… off after he killed Lucifer.
Once the bowls were in place, Dean shared a look with Sam.
At one point in his life, Dean may have been a mindless killer, trained in the ways of his father’s ruthless efficiency, but that’s not who he was any more.
“Dean, it’s not what you think.” Cas said, looking exasperated.  “Djinn are known to be tricky creatures.  We were negotiating for the fruit and one thing led to another.”
He sighed.
“Woah, woah, woah.” Dean threw out a hand a sidestepped to block Cas’s path to the exit.
The drive back to the bunker was quiet, from a conversational stand point at least.
“It is, Sam.
No, it absolutely was not.
Besides, that’s what he was.
All three bowls simultaneously fire, the flames an unnaturally bright blue, before a bright column of blue light shot out of each of them into the sky.
“So that’s it then?
Dean ran a hand through Cas’s hair and knotted his fingers in it, just to reassure himself once again that this was real, that he wasn’t going to wake up alone in his bed.
He was leaning against a nearby wall.
t worry,” Amara assured him.
Sam and Jack were waiting for him in the middle of the empty street when he climbed out of the car.
Sam’s face went through a complicated series of emotions, before it eventually settled on something dar too close to pity for Dean’s liking.
“It’s always been my destiny to serve you,” Michael replied, bowing his head.
“We won.”
Almost,” Jack replied.
There was something familiar about the way Jack was holding himself, posture rigid and refusing to meet Dean’s eyes.
“Meh.”
“The bodies are really starting to pile up,” Sam suddenly spoke up from where he was seated in front of the television.  “Do you think we should look into it?” he asked.
Dean wished the news surprised him.
His voice echoed through the empty room.
Wasn’t this what they had been trying to accomplish ever since Chuck had left them in that graveyard to die?
, and if there was one thing he’d learned over the years, it was to trust his instincts when it came to stuff like this.  So he watched.  Not that there was anything of note to report.  Cas still spent most of his time in his room, but he would emerge just often enough to appease Sam and during those rare nights he acted almost normal.  Sam was probably right, there was nothing to worry about.  He was just being paranoid and besides he had enough to worry about as it was.  Cas being a bit of a hermit was pretty low on the list of concerns.  Besides, nothing bad had happened.  So Dean slowly let his guard down.  Allowed himself to smile whenever Cas’s gaze met his from across the table at dinner and basked in the feeling of Cas’s fingers brushing against his when he handed him a bottle of beer.  Things were good.
“Besides, even if we did lock Chuck away, it wouldn’t bring everyone back.
“Ya did good kid,” he said, firmly patting Jack on the shoulder.
You can
“Revenge isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.
“What?”
His brain had supplied him with an entire spectrum of scenarios: Cas laughing in his face for misunderstanding what was clearly a platonic confession of love, a teary-eyed kiss, and more than one that ended in ways that made Dean glad that Jack wasn’t able to read minds, lest he scar the kid.
“Then why is it still on the workbench?”
Now they just had to find Cas.
You’re just… forgotten.”
Chuck took a step back.
He was obviously rattled, his breath was coming out in short gasps.
It took some maneuvering: the box was far heavier than Cas but mercifully less prone to struggling, so by the time they’d positioned the box on the floor and opened the lid they were both breathing hard.
“Because.”
They’d lost a lot of people, a lot of
“Yeah we Winchesters are just the poster children for survivor’s guilt aren’t we?”
Sheriff Amelia Stoker was normally an imposing woman.  Even ignoring the fact that she was six feet tall, her no nonsense demeanor was an effective deterrent to most teens looking to cause trouble.  But when Sam and Dean met her at the station, she just looked tired.  She had dark circles under her eyes and her uniform was wrinkled, as if she’d spent more than one night sleeping in it.
, alone and crying on a bench? That was something he could fix.
“What's wrong?”
“I know that now.” Cas’s replied, looking… wait.  Was he pouting? Dean chuckled.  “Anyway,” Cas continued. “I agreed and then one of them called me their king and I was being carried off to some sort of celebration.  But I managed to grab the fruit and sneak away before anything else could happen.”
Upset?” Jack cut in, straightening back up.
“As I said, it’s not of import, I can go without it.”
Just like that?”
Dean swept through the bunker, checking every single room he’d ever seen Cas in—and some that Cas may not even know existed—until there was just one room left.
It would be so easy to lay all the blame on him.
“JACK!”
He’d been trying to hold it together for Jack’s sake, but the kid’s words hit Dean like a physical blow.
Hey, kid,” Dean said softly.
And it had turned out to be a bust.
He should have known.
His last hope.
t matter.
But he’s kept everything bottled up for weeks now and the walls he’s erected to keep the storm at bay are starting to crumble.
“Jack,” Dean placed a hand on the kid’s shoulder.
Cas’s face was still carefully blank.  “Know what?”
“When you say it like that it makes us sound like a coupla idiots…”
They drove in complete silence all the way back into town.
Jack gasped.
Jack nodded.
“Oh,” Sam looked up again.  “Cas told me he had stuff he needed to do today.”
But they can
Obviously at some point he’d picked himself up off the floor and gotten in the car, but if you’d asked Dean for more detail, he wouldn’t have been able to give it.
“Ugh don’t remind me of the weird shit you do to my pancakes,” Dean groaned.  He reached out, too relieved to remember Cas’s earlier discomfort, and wrapped an arm around his shoulder.  “You should at least help make ‘em if you’re gonna defile ‘em like that.”  Cas’s smile grew a fraction wider as Dean pulled away and started rattling off a list of ingredients they’d need.
It would only take a simple twist, and it would all be over, forever.
I fucked up, Sam,” Dean sighed.
“No—“
Sam didn’t seemed to notice, but Dean, the self-appointed King of Not-Doing-Well, most certainly had.  He’d hoped that, after Purgatory, Cas would be more open to talking, but the minute they’d returned to the bunker, he’d run off to his room and stayed there for the rest of the night.  At the time Dean had written it off.  It’d been a long day, and he probably just needed some time to process everything.  And he’d come out the following morning for breakfast so Dean hadn’t worried too much.  They’d even spoken a bit, so he chalked that up as a win.
“We weren’t— That wasn’t—“
t scale well after a few millennia.”
It would be almost laughably easy to do now.
Though,” she looked over at Dean then back to Sam,
“Ok,” Dean wiped his hands on his jeans, “well that was fun but now we gotta—“ He was cut off by a grunt of pain from Sam.
“She should still be at home, though,” he cocked his head to the side, “she’s probably a bit concerned over the messages you last sent her.”
“Apologies.  I should not have done that.” Cas said, as he brushed off the front of his coat and once again avoided meeting Dean’s gaze.  “It won’t happen again.”
like my brother.”
I can leave, go so far away that you never even have to think about me.
I'm canceling your show.”
And that was all before he sucked up all the souls in Purgatory, declared himself the new God, and went on a power trip.”
Sam smirk deepened into an actual smile. “All right, jerk.”
“I don’t know, he didn’t say anything beyond that.  Sounded like he didn’t want to be bothered though.”
And no one remembers you.
Sam jumped back in to finish, “And no one cares.
“That’s right,” Dean cut in.
Not that Dean had any room to talk.
Dean watched as Sam walked further down the street.
“Dean?” he asked, tentatively.
“No what you had to do was tell Sam and me what was going on so we could handle things before it got to this point!”
s shoulder, but the kid ducked out of the way and took off running down the street.
We give up?”
“Yeah I got a text from Donna while I was on the phone with Eileen.
“I would actually agree with him.
And at the end of the trail of withered vegetation was—as Dean suspected—Jack.
“W-What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean coughed, choking on his own spit.
But, ah, this isn
We accepted that and moved on with our lives.
Jack took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“That happened in the silo too!
“HEY CHUCK!” he called out towards the sky.
“Martin Lewis, age 26,” Sheriff Stoker supplied.  “Only reason we were able to identify him was because his girlfriend gave us a DNA sample when she filed the missing person’s report.”
He flipped over the tome.
Cas made the decision to save you.
“Then why did you never say anything?”
So no, I don
He took a step forward.
And it was that second possibility that was making his thoughts run around in circles in his head.
Sam had agreed that the best course of action was probably to try talking to him first and while Sam and Cas had always gotten along just fine, they had never been all that close.  Which left Dean.  Cas’s room had been empty, as expected, and a quick sweep of the bunker had also come up empty, so Dean grabbed a beer, even though he really wanted something much stronger, and set himself up in the library to wait.  If Cas was out, he’d have to pass through here and if he didn’t… Well then he’d cross that bridge when they came to it.
“And you saw how that turned out.”
“What?”
“Years before you were born.”
Dean blinked.  He was so far beyond confused now that things had somehow looped back towards making sense before taking a hard right into a ditch.  “I…”  What could he possibly say?  ‘I thought you’d run away again’?  No, he’d been wrong.  Paranoid as usual.  The bunker was a large and Cas probably got bored just sitting around in his room all night.  There was no reason to burden Cas with his insecurities.  So Dean just shook his head, shoved those thoughts to the side, and smiled.  “I thought you said all food just tastes like molecules to you.”
As soon as they had al piled back into the car, Dean had thrown the Zeppelin II cassette into the player and cranked the volume high enough that he didn’t have to hear himself think. But the thoughts still managed to worm their way through his brain in the moments of silence between sides of the tape.
Dean slid into the drivers seat and the door slammed shut like an old, heavy research tome at the end of a case.
Hell, he half expected to go right through him; that the angel was nothing more than a ghost: a hallucination supplied by his exhausted mind or one last middle finger from Chuck.
He snapped.
“Looks like this one’s a bust too,” he groaned, rubbing his eyes.
The flowers in those planters were perfectly healthy, not a dying petal in sight.
It seemed to have to opposite effect on Cas, however.
ve failed to save.
s just one more thing I need to do.”
“No.”
“You Winchesters have been a royal pain in my side for years now.
“What’s left to—!  Cas you killed them!  I could barely recognize that last guy as a person.”
Like what?” Sam asked, looking genuinely curious.
No need for any silver or obscure spell components or some rare blade that only an archangel could properly wield.
“That was a lapse of judgment, I admit, but I swear I—”
Dean nodded.
After a moment, her focus snapped back to Jack’s face.
It was my understanding that humans to not tend to enjoy being around people who have feelings for them when said feelings are unrequited.”
Dude,” Dean deadpanned.
s gaze flitted over Dean
The sound of footsteps echoing through the hallway approaching the kitchen interrupted Dean’s cursing.  He was gearing up to let loose another string of curses, this time directed at Sam for neglecting to buy more of the good coffee when he’d gone to the store the day before, but the words died on his tongue.  Instead of Sam’s ridiculously long hair, he was greeted by the sight of a rumpled trench coat and striking blue eyes.
“Dean.” Cas rolled his eyes.
They sat in silence for a while.
“If that’s what it takes, then yeah.”
“Dean,” Sam whispered.
“Guys, wait…”
Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  It didn’t make him feel any better but that probably wan’t gonna be in the cards for a while, if ever. “Same thing we always do, Sam,” Dean replied, wiping away the unshed tears that were threatening to spill over.  Now wasn’t the time to sit around and cry.  “We’ve got a problem and we’re gonna deal with it.”
The Cas standing next the the open desk drawer was staring back at him with wide, panicked eyes.
He owed Cas that much.
t sure what he expected to happen when he collided with him.
…And when Dean thought about it, he kinda was Jack’s father.
“Fine,” he grumbled.
So why is this any different?”
Dude was absolutely convinced that me”—Dean waved his hand around vaguely—“you know… that it was completely impossible.”
“Oh there is.”
None of those things hurt half as much as Jack’s choked off cry.
doing well.
Jack was silent.
“…So am I the only one who doesn’t trust him as far as I can throw him?” Dean asked after a moment of silence.
“Cas,” Dean pleaded, desperately grabbing onto the stiff material of Cas’s coat.  He closed his eyes and waited.  But there was nothing, no stab of blinding pain, no one way ticket to oblivion.
What do mean blank?”
“But how?”
The failed Apocalypse was just the beginning.
He watched the people walking on the nearby sidewalk for a moment.
He hiccuped.
“The plants,” he murmured.
“Anything stand out to you as weird?”  Dean asked, tearing his eyes away from the mangled face.  There was something about the damage that felt familiar, but he couldn’t put his finger on what it was.
A killer.
Dean sighed.
“Sorry Chuck”
Dean held out a hand.
Dean spared a glance over in Sam’s direction.
“Jack.”
Cas stopped in the archway leading to the library and looked back over his shoulder.  “Yes Dean?”
With a sigh, he dumped the rest of the water down the drain.
Moving Cas was more of a challenge than they’d anticipated.  The bastard was deceptively heavy, but the bullet in his shoulder held up, keeping him from moving much beyond some futile struggling.
Sam looked up with a start.
“Dude.  That was kinda stupid.” Dean interrupted.  However the grin that snuck its way on to his face helped soften his words.
“Everyone’s back now?
Chuck looked down at his hand, then back to Jack, and snapped again.
Jack nodded.
Next to him was a familiar figure, dressed in a loose grey pantsuit.
“We lost.”
Dean heard the sound of paper being crumpled off in Jack’s general direction.
Thankfully, she didn’t look offended.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked.
“Guys, come on. That's enough.”
“There’s gotta be something around here somewhere.”
Hey, Jack, no.”
But as soon as I find it I promise I will leave.”
I mean, come on man, I made you a friggin’ mixtape.
“Let’s light it up,” he said, eyes darting towards Michael.Sam nodded and struck the matches against the box.
He pulled the device out and started walking down the abandoned street as he brought it to his ear.
Cas sighed.  “I’ve been told stress can keep a person up at night,” he said.  “Hopefully you can get some rest soon.”  The words were probably meant to be comforting, but there was something in Cas’s voice that put Dean on edge.  There was no warmth in his voice, no gentle assurances that everything would be okay.  Not that Dean would’ve believed him.
All Chuck saw was everything he had done wrong, but you… sure you saw the bad, but you also saw all the good.
It wasn’t Jack standing there.
“I’ll talk to him later, ok?
Dean, wait, I—“
He slowly lifted one hand and snapped.
Sorry,” Sam moved his free hand to his chest and moved his fist in a clockwise circle.
“Cas?” Dean whispered as he took the final few steps forward and laid his hand on the cool metal in front of him.  “I don’t know if you can even hear me in there, but you’re wrong.”  He took a deep, shuddering breath.  “I never
It wasn
Dean barely turned his head in time to catch Jack sprinting from the room.
“So this is how it ends…” Chuck gasped, squinting up at the three of them.
“You lose.”
Amara sighed.
m upset!
“Also what happened to Lucifer’s body?”
“Do you really think so little of me, Dean?” Cas growled.  “I’ve already tried everything I possibly could.  I tried to ignore it and when that failed, I started hunting down monsters while you were sleeping, but it wasn’t enough.”
All he knew for sure was that at one point he was sitting on the floor of the dungeon, and some time later he was pulling over on an abandoned street in Minnesota.
The doorknob turned and Dean quickly shoved Cas away to a more respectable distance and pushed himself off the wall.
A soft smile spread across Cas’s face, an expression of fondness that often appeared on his face when it came to Jack.
s not going to fix itself and Heaven as it stands is barely holding everything together.”
“Come on Cas, this ain’t you,” he said, his voice tight.  “You gotta fight this.”
“None taken,” she replied.
Dean cried out and fell back to the ground.
He pushed himself back up onto his knees.
“But we’ve gotta tell him something.
, to get to where they were now.
The realization was like a punch to the gut.
So Jack had always felt like he needed to earn Dean’s love and acceptance.
“I’m not sure if you’ve forgotten, but I’m
“It’s not heal—”he was only halfway through the doorway when he finally got a good look at the person in the middle of the room“—thy….”
Stoker raised an eyebrow.  “You mean besides the fact that his entire face’s caved in?”  She asked, sarcasm heavily coloring her tone.  She sighed.  “Sorry, been a bit stressed lately.  The press’s been having a field day with this one and people are starting to panic.  But, now that you mention it, the knife was pretty weird.”  She walked over to the coroner’s desk and picked up a plastic evidence bag.  “We managed to get a pretty good mold of one of the stab wounds.  Not sure what exactly the weapon is, to be honest.  Blade’s too long to be a dagger but also too short to be a sword, plus there’s the shape.”  She held out the bag to Sam.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded.
So it couldn
“All right kid.”
Dean cleared his throat.  “Cas, we need to talk.”
“It’s the ending where you grow old,” Dean cut in, “you get sick, and you just die.”
They’d seen all manner of deaths during their time hunting, but even Sam looked a bit queasy at the level of overkill in front of them.
Sam took half a step back and Chuck laughed.
“Sam’s waiting for us inside.”
Dean didn’t say anything at first, just watched Jack slowly curl back in on himself as the silence dragged on.
“Police tonight have discovered the fifth body in a string of murders that they are now calling the work of a serial killer.”  The woman on the news was speaking in a calm tone of voice, but Dean could see the fear in her eyes.  “The victims don’t appear to have anything in common, and the police are advising the citizens of Lebanon to lock their doors and stay inside after dark.”
“I just don’t think there is one anymore, Jack,” Sam sighed.
Because that’s what he was.
Only destroyed.”
Dean pulled back, letting Cas go for just a moment before grabbing ahold of his shoulder.
So if we’re gonna do this, we gotta keep Michael in the dark.”
Sam, meanwhile, looked like he wanted to argue.
Days, weeks, months, Dean couldn’t tell how long it had been.
Just as Cas had hiked up Dean’s shirt, the closet door swung open.
They sat in silence in the Impala for a few minutes before Sam finally spoke up. “That… That was an angel blade,” he whispered.
t agree, but he also didn
“My book?”
So tell me.
However, none of these scenarios had Cas’s face clouding over with that wrath of heaven expression that Dean hadn’t seen in years.
“Where’s Cas?”
“You can’t be worse than a God with a writer complex.”
back—he was going to take it.
“What about Michael?
s wrong with Heaven?” Sam asked.
“Dean?” Jack called out from the other side of the door.
So are we ready to go?”
s my fault he
This wasn’t how things were supposed to go.  They’d won.  God was safely locked away in his cage.  Things were supposed to get better, but instead everything was falling apart around him.  The monsters had been steadily growing in power and now Cas...  Cas was...
Now that Death is out of the picture, I can keep you alive for as long as I want.”
gone, not just the people.
Dean took a shaky step closer to the box as Sam slid the heavy padlock through the latch.  The runes on the box provided enough protection to keep any and all supernatural creatures from opening it, but there wasn’t much they could do to deter a curious human beyond a strong lock.
Eileen, Jody, Bobby, Charlie.
Dean tried to ignore the stab of pain that lanced through his heart.
Sam shot them both a look of concern.
His face hardened.
“Everyone’s gone,” Sam whispered, shock and horror coloring his tone.
The noise that came from Cas’s mouth as he fell could only be described as inhuman, the ear-splitting whine of his true voice blending in with the deeper pitch of his human one.  Dean’s hands flew to cover his ears.  He needed to close the lid before Cas could recover but the noise made it impossible for him to do anything other than stand there and wait for his damn eardrums to explode.
other times we could get to?”
? It’s a small town, and this is a newer center. The only one that was attacked.”
They all press in closer over the back of Castiel’s chair as he starts the playback, which is probably making him uncomfortable, but Dean can’t make himself back up. Castiel looks back at him again as his own voice comes from the speakers at the beginning of the recording.
“You said you could get us into the building, before what happened,” Dean reminds Castiel. “How were you going to do that?”
It doesn’t surprise Dean that Cas stays close, grabbing a fistful of his jacket. What does surprise him is how Singer hovers near his other side, keeping an eye on both of them.
They pass machine labs and computer labs, some doors open and some locked. This part of the center is abandoned and eerily quiet compared to the scattered commotion of the investigation behind them. Why is no one here? Surely these areas would be valuable to comb for some indication of what really happened; why does Shurley Industries want to keep it blocked off?
Dean’s free arm snaps out to stop him before he’s really thought through why he’s doing it. “Whoa there, cowboy…”
“They do research here?” Dean asks.
Dean leaves it up to Cas to decide if it’s safe to tell them that. He looks around, and no one is pointing guns at them anymore. They’re an interesting bunch—some dressed similar to Singer, and some in worn armed forces camouflage.
doing besides sitting in a lab or something?” Dean answers hotly. But his stomach churns because he knows that until now, for all his talk and his reading and his
Dean shivers even though it isn’t
“Supposed to be 2063, but it gets more subjective all the time,” this Singer says.
“Tomorrow when the real Temporal Division people show up they’re gonna know we were frauds,” Dean points out.
there’s no way anyone could miss it.
That doesn’t get the response Dean was hoping for. Cas makes a face, shaking his head vigorously. “No. No, we couldn’t.”
“Maybe,” Cas says, finally. “The other attacks were all old sites. Some of the first centers, in larger cities. They’d been channeling signals from the Anomaly the longest of anywhere. If the Anomaly was going to splinter…”
Cas makes a face and pulls up a map on his tablet he must have acquired from the manager's computer. A quick motion or two and he’s shared it with Charlie.
but they’re still...ours.”
shoot you!”
Now Cas pauses to look at him. “Of course it matters. You said it yourself—it was us. Why would we do it if it wouldn’t change anything?”
As dire as the situation apparently is, Cas still seems to be hesitating, looking around the corridor and at the stairs as if he’s expecting something to jump out at him.
Singer keeps his feet on his own, as do most of their other company.
” Charlie offers. “
“You disappeared…”
Bevell’s jaw works. “I went to Oxford.”
“I’m thinking that could be useful?” Dean asks.
“The lights went out.”
“Yeah. That’s what scares me,” Sam says.
He'd never say it, but he thinks he just...feels safe with Cas. And Dean thinks if he pulled, he’d find a new thread there, tying them together whether they planned it or not.
. “How could he not know when?”
Then again Dean also really hopes he doesn’t, because that would makes things all kinds of complicated.
“Unfortunately, no. Being into their implants can only do so much for us.”
“Something like that. Can’t know for sure. But if any of the more radical groups that oppose TempCo knew there were other anomalies popping up I can see how that would have made those sites targets. Continuing to operate in those areas would only have made it worse.” Cas scrubs a hand through his hair. “This...this is not good. I was afraid of this, but I didn’t think it would happen so
Dean smiles to himself. He’s always so damn proud of that kid.
Jack took a step back.
Sam sighed and closed the book he’d been slowly flipping through.
I created
“Why don’t you make me?” Dean replied with a smirk and a raised eyebrow.
“Oh…”
Forty years in Hell, a stint as an archangel’s meat puppet, and the deaths of nearly every person he’d ever loved had left him with a nearly inexhaustible supply of nightmare fuel.
But apparently Michael had never been interested in that.
Chuck’s expression never changed as the cracks got wider and wider, until Michael’s vessel—Adam’s former body—finally gave out and he exploded into nothing.Chuck turned his attention to the two of them as they staggered back to their feet.
He wasn’t ready to have this conversation yet.
Cas gently lifted up Dean’s stinging hand and laid his free hand over the angry red blisters.  His eyes momentarily flared an even brighter blue, and his hand soon glowed with that same almost white light, sending a cool, tingling sensation through Dean’s blistered skin.  The light died down a moment later and Cas ran his hand over fresh, undamaged skin.  The gesture was obviously meant to be soothing, but it sent sparks running up and down Dean’s spine as he struggled not to shudder.  He must have failed though because Cas stiffened momentarily before he dropped Dean’s hand and took a large step back.
“But we tried balance,” Amara pointed out.
“I couldn’t save anybody…” Sam shook his head.
He was still standing there, completely unharmed.
“Hello?”  Dean cracked one eye open and tried to blink himself awake.
Sam’s expression shifted to something too close to pity for Dean’s comfort.  With another angry grumble, Dean started the Impala and pulled out of the parking lot much faster than was probably safe.  Sam was wrong, it was that simple.  There was no way it was Cas, he would never do something like this.
Cas blinked.  “Of course I would,” he said firmly.  “But you don’t need to worry, I’m doing fine.”
He could see the concern in Sam’s eyes when he reached for yet another cup of coffee.
s fingers tightened their grip on Jack
By the time they rolled up into the bunker’s garage, Dean felt like he was about to crawl out of his skin.
s ok kid. I know.”
“Shut up.”
Cas pulled his arm back to strike once more, but this time, instead of dodging, Dean rushed forward, planted his foot squarely on Cas’s stomach, and
Without saying a word, Chuck lifted his hand and waved it, sending them both flying.
Lucifer already died in front of you once and nothing happened that time.
For the first time in his life, Dean felt like he was at peace.
“Did this just happen?”
But he deserved to know, they both did.
Dean stood stock still as hot coffee dripped off his hand and onto the floor.  Somewhere in the back of his mind, he realized that spilling near boiling hot coffee on his hand should probably hurt like a bitch, but he was far to preoccupied with taking in the blue of Cas’s eyes.  Eyes he thought he’d never see ever again.  But he was here.  Standing right in front of him, with his eyebrows set in their near constant furrow that created a little crease between his eyebrows and left Dean with the urge to smooth it away with his thumb.
Dean froze.
“I… I don’t know,” he whispered.
He’d found Jack crying in there multiple times and after the incident this evening in the library, Jack’s presence in Cas’s room was almost a guarantee.
And I won’t lie to you, it’s going to suck for a long time to come.
d meet us back at the bunker.
The state of the plants around Jack was certainly concerning, but it was just another drop in the bucket of Shit Dean Wasn’t Equipped To Deal With Right Now.
“I’m sorry Cas.”
No,” he said simply.
“Dean?”  The bed dipped slightly next to him and Sam laid a hand on his shoulder.  “It’s… it’s Cas, isn’t it.”  It wasn’t a question, but Dean nodded anyway.
Dean grabbed his robe from the back of a chair that he’d thrown it over when he’d gone to bed.
ll see the changes for yourself eventually.
Dean hugged him back, just for a moment before he pulled away.
Sam clearly looked like he had a million more questions that he was unsure how to ask.
Cas,” Dean said slowly.
But none of them paid him any mind.
Chuck turned his attention back to Sam and Dean heard his brother cry out over the sound of popping joints.
He took one look at the lit up screen and all of the tension drained from his shoulders.
Chuck tilted his head to the side.
“Because you loved each other.”
“Wait, he told you that?”
The smile slid off of Michael’s face.
ll require fewer numbers to keep it running.”
Dean didn’t answer.  His thoughts were running far too wild for him to even begin to formulate a good response.  There was no use denying it, the mold had been an angel blade.
Kid had a massive sweet tooth so he’d probably love them.
Dean’s mouth snapped shut, and, evidently, his silence was even more damning than any flimsy excuse he could have thrown out there, because Sam’s expression quickly morphed into concern.
The stool slid across the tile with a loud shriek.
Why would I grant you the
“Then we keep looking.
Until Claire died.
Cas’s damning words rang in Dean’s ears.
d take what he could get at this point.
“Wait, you mean the tape I made for you?”
“And like all the other humans you forgot about.”
Kill God to earn the right to finally write their own story.
s shoulder, towards where Jack was standing.
“I’d only known Cas for a couple of years at that point, but, long story short, there was a war in Heaven and he did some shady shit to win it.
Thankfully, Stoker seemed to pick up on that.  “Ok Dean.”  There was silence on the other end of the line for a while, long enough that Dean almost thought she’d hung up.  He was just about to hang up himself when she spoke up one more time.  “Take care,” she whispered.  “If you need anything, you know how to reach me.”  They both knew she wasn’t talking about hunting anymore.
“Maybe it has something to do with Lucifer being your father?”
Thankfully, Cas didn’t disappoint.  A few hours later, the door to the bunker slammed shut and Dean couldn’t tell if the sigh he let out was one of relief or dread.  Cas swept past him moments later, not even bothering to acknowledge his presence, which hurt, but now wasn’t the time for feelings.
Most of the music Cas listened to in his truck was new enough to be on CD.
It was mostly uneventful and barren. Both Dr. Fergus Crowley and Dr. Bartholomew Adam were out of town for a conference the night of the theft so they couldn’t provide any pertinent information.
“What?”
“I would love to meet her someday.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Man the till.”
Staring at the ceiling through a half-lidded gaze, he deliberated today’s agenda, and found himself smiling. His address was practically finished except for a few tweaks here and there, so maybe he’ll do the laundry today with Dean before—
, Dean sneered,
It was a close call when Dean had suggested they get takeout for dinner, and Castiel had replied that losing their momentum was not worth a meager thing like sustenance.
When Castiel emerged from his home, Dean, clammy hands on the wheel of his Impala and eyes trained on the front door of Castiel’s house, couldn’t smother the gasp that escaped him.
“You’re in luck. He’s in his office right now,” Gabriel said, and they started walking towards the administrative building. "And I don't know, I just feel it.”
Looking into Castiel’s well-intentioned eyes, Dean let himself feel secure. He felt safe and he didn’t even have to try, because it’s what Castiel naturally elicited in him. No matter what happened, his friend would catch him, so maybe he
Dean Winchester was an entirely different story.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows. He felt like he was given a revelation but unsure as to how to interpret it.
the man for trying to find something, anything to ease his pain, even going so far as to—
“Oh, this is April.” He gestured to the fiery-haired woman with the simpering smile. “Her fundraiser partner, Inias, showed me to their booth. They’re raising money for the Amazon forest fires that happen to occur yearly. It’s a good cause, Dean.”
The man’s head turned over, battling whether or not to disclose such personal information about himself. Nobody really knew much about him, why he does what he does. Not even Charlie. But something so enticing about Castiel made Dean want to pour his soul—figuratively, of course—onto the man and let it run like a waterfall.
Dean shot him a dangerous glance. “And what do you know about love, huh? You’ve never been in love yourself. How could you know?”
“Come now, agent,” she purred, and Dean’s hair stood on end. “It’ll be our little secret.”
And then just before Dean could say anything else, Dr. Shurley stood from his chair and buttoned his suit jacket, smoothing his deep red tie. He walked beside the desk to Dean, his gait slow due to his age. He looked like he was in his seventies but Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he was an octogenarian.
Tapping his index finger agitatedly on the spacebar of his laptop, not quite pushing it, Castiel chased the next words that seemed to elude him purposely.
Jack bobbed his head in zest. “That’s so cool! You’ll find ‘em, Cas,” he assured, and Castiel hoped so, for the sake of his sanity.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Dean and Castiel said at the same time. They looked at each other, Dean in surprise and Castiel in ‘what?’
“Cool,” Dean remarked from where he had his back leaned against the professor’s window. Castiel rolled his eyes, seated home in his swivel chair and reading something up on his laptop. “I’d say that it’s more than just ‘cool’ but I never really had the same appreciation towards all-things soul like my colleagues.”
“Acorn?” intoned Dean. “You named him Acorn?”
The phone dropped back on the mattress as Castiel went back to self-consciously observing his outfit on the mirror.
If only Castiel had that in his agenda. To him, love was a sickness, a wolf in sheep’s clothing that had everyone wrapped in its ugly finger, desperate for love and to be loved. Everyone’s goal was to find their one true mate in soul, and achieve Soulshift: the giving of one’s soul wholly to their lover, and the reciprocation of the other, resulting in an exchange that will allow those two people to assume a permanently normal life span and live out their days with their better half.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How may I be of service?”
Dean grabbed at his head, trying to jostle the memories away. Opening his eyes, he no longer saw his family, but a very dim room. He fought his brain trying to burst out of its home to find his fallen phone. When he felt it by his feet, he grappled at it and directed the light to the room, descrying a crumpled heap of trench coat on the floor, curled on itself in fetal position with its back trembling in terror.
The sound was warm to Dean’s ears, and he felt his breath catch at the simplicity of their happenstance, until Castiel calmed but kept his smile on.
“Well, it kinda sounds like you want to, boy,” the man replied gruffly, swirling a new batch of cotton candy from the machine. “Hear it in the context of sex.”
“North Cove. Alex and Claire’s moms have a resthouse there. Kaia, Patience, and Clark already said yes.”
“Ah, I see. Of course. As always.” He nodded affirmatively.
Castiel thought—nodding his head every once in a while. “What about after?”
Soon, five o’clock rolled around, and Castiel persuaded Dean to ride his Continental for the sake of the surprise.
“While your theories are no doubt scintillating,” Castiel deadpanned, “I assure you I didn’t steal the Silver Fragment.”
They turned back to Garth and he nodded. “But yeah, my mom used to tell me about how her grandmother told her about Uncle Bobby. All nice things. From what I remember he was a grouchy man until he met Aunt Karen. They got married when she was on her deathbed because people were losing soul or somethin’ like that, but they never Soulshifted. Never knew why. Uncle Bobby couldn’t do nothin’ about it. She died, and Uncle Bobby was so heartbroken that he offered his last soul piece to—the earthquakes, I think? Yeah, and that’s that.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Do not expect me to support your fallacious story.”
“Well, you know what I think would be complementary to a discussion of the Cold War? Ice cream.” He got up from his seat and Jack’s eyes followed him. “Come on. Let’s get your beloved nougat.”
“How does it feel to be a loser, Dean?”
“A picnic?”
Castiel perked up at his choice of words.
“Whoever they are,” he spoke before he lost the nerve, and Dean met his eyes with a question. “I hope they know they’re lucky.”
Dean cried out as the persistent throbbing violated him like a promise of torture, a sinister voice telling him how he failed as a child, as a friend, as a
,” Rowena sing-songed from another room, “I made another batch. And now the little trickster’s banned from the kitchen forever.”
Dean had woken up first, then. Standing up, Castiel made his way to the bathroom for a quick brushing of teeth and washing of face. After which, he left his room and ambled to the hallway.
“Damn it,” he cursed when he tripped over the last step, regaining his stance immediately and staggering through the glass doors, bound for the stairs and valiantly ambling up despite the screech of gravity. When he reached the top that spread to the second floor, he barely gave the Chamber of History a glance as he sprinted to the next flight of stairs that would lead to Castiel’s office.
“You didn’t—” he hesitated. “You didn’t have anything to do with this, right?”
Castiel didn’t reply, and Dean gave one short, callous laugh. “I swore to myself I would never be weak again. I left! I left and I began collecting souls to fill this—this bottomless pit.”
The woman, Becky, nodded though the chancellor couldn’t see her, and she turned and went out of the office.
“Ah. I see. That’s good.” It was good, but. . . did Castiel—?
Though Castiel wouldn’t put it behind Dean to forget something like that.
Castiel, sobering, nodded his head. “Yes, I am. I’m the owner, too. Actually.”
“Is everything alright, Jack?”
Dean’s brows were raised in soft surprise. “Huh.” He gazed at his empty plate and back up at the man in front of him. “That’s actually. . . really admirable.”
“H-How in the hell. . .” His mouth worked, and it was then that Castiel finally turned his body to Dean.
It was fine.
“How was I supposed to know,” Dean heard Gabriel’s muffled mumble.
“Oh. Good to know.” The man smiled at him, and Castiel couldn’t help reciprocate it in captivation.
“I’m not a kid anymore,” Jack said emphatically, if not for the edgy expression Castiel kept giving him.
Dean was climbing up the staircase to the 3rd floor where most of the Philosophy faculty resided, briefly considering stopping by Castiel’s office, but the need for peace of mind prevailed in him.
“I won back my playing fee,” Dean snorted, and they broke into fits again, not quite believing it.
After a while, Dean drew a long breath and spoke up.
“Why do the clouds get to have all the fun?” shouted Dean over the din of the fireworks, and Castiel shook his head fondly at him. Dean lit the Castiel’s sparkler with a gaslight, then his, and it quickly blazed with gleaming scintillas.
So there they had been, an hour after the final game of the season when people had filed out and were long gone. They had stayed behind, a pull of a hand on a hand, their feet led them to the back of the stands, and lips connecting the moment they were out of anyone’s sight.
Dean shook his head, a smile on his face. “Just wanted to wish us luck.”
“But neither are you, Dean.”
The man winked, in the playful way only Dean could bring out in him. “You’ll see.”
He paused in his tracks, contemplating if he should answer. After a few seconds, he turned his head to give Dean one last scathing look.
Post-pubescent Dean at 16 years old had time to stew in his juices and miss the ache and thrill of falling in love. He hadn’t felt the frisson of it for six years, so it took him entirely by surprise when he inadvertently gave the tertiary bit of his soul to Aaron Bass behind the bleachers with a little more groping than usual.
“Do you know what this means? This. . . This changes everything! Everything we know about souls. A person can decouple his soul only so many times—five times in a lifetime, on average. And you’re telling me—that all of our research and findings have been inaccurate.”
“You know where we are, Dean. Don’t worry, I’m not going to force you to confront it; that’s your choice. All I intended was for you to see your parents’ home—
“Now, leave, Dean. I expect you’ll be gone by morning.” He stood up and snatched his coat from the chair, leaving a twenty dollar bill on the counter before heading for the exit. Dean checked to see if the couple had heard their conversation, but saw that they were still preoccupied with their own.
Mike chuckled lightly. “You flatter me, agent.” But then her expression turned dark. “Perhaps we can continue this conversation somewhere more. . . private.” She inched towards Dean, movements sly.
The sensation had Dean shuddering, but the experience was not entirely unpleasant, because when he looked up at Cassie, she was glowing and a pleased smile rested on her ingénue features. Dean hadn’t known it then, but Cassie’s reaction made it all the more worth it.
They were the most alluring shade, trapped by an alluring expression bathed in sun-kissed freckles. His lips were pink and plump, slightly parted, with brows raised daintily, and like a moth to a flame, he was drawn to the man. Like Icarus to the sun, a sailor to a siren’s song, Castiel’s feet involuntarily stepped forward, unaware that he was holding the delicate rose to his chest.
“Sorry?” he choked out.
Jack looked thoughtful, before transitioning into playful. “Oh, yeah? And who annoyed you enough to make you talk to yourself?”
Then Dean moved to the final office—Dr. Michaela Shurley, the chancellor’s begotten daughter, and the head of the History Department.
Dean didn’t know the extent of the Chuck’s role in Castiel’ life. Knowing what he did for him, it augmented the sense of respect he had for the chancellor.
When they had reached a wrought iron bench to sit on, Jack was halfway through his Snickers ice cream and Castiel was munching on his waffle cone. “So, got everything you needed?”
Before he could further persuade himself to believe that his feelings toward Dean were utterly platonic, his phone pinged on the hand not tangled in his hair.
“And?” Castiel prompted.
“Benny, are you seeing this? I can—I’m cured! Benny, do you—?” He stopped when he saw an unmoving body on Benny’s bed, the feeble smile out of place.
With everything settled, Dean popped the beers open with his ring (mostly to impress Castiel), and handed him one which he took appreciatively. Dean held his bottle towards Castiel, and his friend reciprocated the gesture.
When Dean crossed the threshold of the chamber and onto the corridor, he saw Castiel waiting for him by the staircase, hand on the wooden rail with a quizzical look. “Did they say something?”
Dean didn’t expect to find a best friend, but Benny was one of the very few whom Dean truly opened up to.
Castiel shook his head, but it was tinged with soft resignation. He was forming a reply in his head when the familiar honk of a particular ‘67 Chevy sounded from the driveway, jolting him upright, effectively forgetting the text altogether.
The three accepted his answer, though Jack was still stunned that he never even considered Castiel and Dean together, as growing up Castiel never really dated nor expressed any attraction to anyone. Castiel assured him that they were just friends, and Gabriel and Rowena tittered about who was top and who was bottom—Jack had to thwack his back when Castiel choked on some mash and began hacking his lungs out.
“Before and after that?”
Dean nodded. “And I will have to talk to the people who had access to the room, so the ones who had offices in the building.”
“I need to talk to you, agent. . .”
“Castiel,” Dean barked again, reaching the man and catching him by his arm. “We gotta get outta here!”
They met one fortuitous Thursday when Castiel was scandalized by the amount of orders coming in through the shop telephone. His customers were varied from those commissioning him for a small wedding to reserving a get-well bouquet for pick-up tomorrow. It was unusually hectic because his hired help, Charlie, had asked for a personal day, and Kevin, the kid in advanced placement that part-timed for extra money wasn’t available.
i’m sorry, cassie
“We have our ways,” Dean cut off. “What do you remember?”
Gabriel considered him. “Now things like those need people to work it out. And people are working it out.”
No amount of justification was going to change that.
They had reached the double-doors with the bronze signage on top, scripting
Castiel scoffed. “And when were you last here, Dean? The ‘40s?”
And time had told him as much.
“Ditching us, Cassie?” He arched a brow. “Fine. Dad and I need to find someone to fix whichever piece broke, anyway.”
“Stop moving.” Castiel stilled out of dread, and he let himself be approached by Dean. Jenny was still clapping her hands and when she and Dean were close enough to Castiel, she halted and looked inquisitively up the dark-haired man.
The man looked up from where he was staring at the box, latching onto Castiel’s soft smile.
Dean lowered his window. “Can I help you?”
Dean laughed—strangled and disbelieving.
When those familiar freckles and lush eyes, this time with a denim jacket, got up the stage, a guitar in his hand, the hippopotami in Castiel’s stomach roared unintelligently.
“But we’re gonna need your cooperation for the investigation. You went downstairs, and we still don’t have the other footage, so. Don’t go anywhere. We don’t know what might come in handy.”
“Last strike! Ring the bell and you get a prize!”
Dean let out his inevitable sigh. “Well, if you have any other information, don’t hesitate to call.” He handed each of them his card and stood up to leave.
Castiel turned off the engine, biting his cheek as he slipped a hand in his coat and pulled out the two admission tickets he procured two weeks ago. “Yes. The Douglas County Fair. It’s here for six days, and I picked the midweek because there are fewer people. To be honest, getting tickets was quite intimidating because I don’t really go to events like these, and it’s really embarrassing as a centennial but if I may say so myself, the difficulty was not unfounded—”
Castiel had just arrived at his office after an early lecture with freshmen. It always stimulated a rush within him to instigate a passion for philosophy within his students, just like how it was first instigated within him decades ago. And now that the term was nearing its end and finals looming over young minds, there was something worth reminiscing about it.
“I peeked inside and saw the soul piece at the end of the hall—you wouldn’t miss it, it’s very bright—but I only closed the door and left. I didn’t steal it,” he said forcefully and with finality.
When they were asked about their location the night of the incident, they seemed embarrassed.
he imagined the reply.
“So, all set? Let’s get to the park.”
“We got locked in.”
Shit, shit, shit. This was bad. Because Dean wanted it to be a date, and if this wasn’t. . . well, fuck.
“Great sense of fashion.”
Gross. No, his plan was to remain uncorrupted.
He grabbed his phone from the sheets, turning off the speaker and placing it by his ear just as he plopped on the edge of his bed. “Maybe it is a date, Gabe. A friendly one.”
Anna Milton suffered from a blood cancer. She had been diagnosed during Castiel’s first year in university, and it was all downhill from there. Doctors told them they estimated one year left, but she fought valiantly for almost three years. Her condition though deteriorated rapidly within the last month, and everyone was telling Castiel to “stay strong.”
Castiel’s mouth slightly opened, not sure what to make of the situation.
“Yeah, on the fourth of July. Kind of cheesy, I know, but I took Sammy on a July 4th once, and it was pretty fun. If you’re not busy, o’course, wouldn’t wanna get your speech held up if you—”
He glided away from the counter at the farthest end of the shop, where the storage room was nestled, meaning to greet the customer, but a single stray of purple laid on the floor caught his attention.
Castiel heard some light snickering from his class.
That’s. . . chilling. What kind of person does this make Dean?
Neither of them knew the exact second they had become so domestic. But when Dean had moved in immediately after their July 4th affair (Dean drove them to his motel to pack all his belongings because there was really no point in waiting, they’d rationalized), both still a little hazy and overexcited from seeing the glorious display of fireworks, Castiel recalled how his stomach ached pleasantly, and Dean how his heart seemed to beat a little faster than normal.
“At least
The woman composed herself and with practiced ease, stated, “The chancellor isn’t seeing anyone—”
Rolling his eyes, he took the ketchup bottle and squeezed some onto his plate. “Ketchup is most definitely not a vegetable.”
So he had thanked Ash for his assistance, assured the kid that he did good.
Mike hummed. “What makes you so sure it was stolen?”
That was why Dr. Shurley had the air of someone who’d experienced those events firsthand, and not just learned in a lecture hall. He’d lived through those times. He was his own walking artifact.
“Did she, now?” Castiel took the outstretched box from Dean with a grateful duck of his head. “Maybe her missing me could mean free extra fries next time.”
And so he had excused himself from the chancellor and Balthazar, telling them he had papers to grade, minds to hone. But in truth, he had begun an extensive research around one Dean Smith—but of course that wouldn’t be his real name. Castiel knew the moment the man presented his badge that it was fake. What could he say? Time had given him exceptional acuity.
But if he’d learned anything in his life, it was that a major victory always had a major catch...
“Dean?”  Sheriff Stoker’s voice jarred him from his thoughts.  “Does that name mean something to you?” She asked cautiously.
“He’s
“What did you do?”
“I’m not sure if I believe that last statement…” Amara trailed off, her eyes took on a far away look, as if she was considering Jack’s words carefully.
Sam sighed.
“C-Cas! Wait up!” Dean called, running after him. “Come on man, I was just kidding!”
Chuck flinched as Dean took another step closer, but he just kept walking, right past Chuck, towards his car.
“You can’t just give up!”
“Castiel… Mary… They’re both gone because of me; you keep losing family because of
“Jack?”
“I don’t know how to describe it but I could only vaguely sense Michael before and now I can pinpoint exactly where on Earth he is.”
Shit.
Said Cas made the deal to save him from the Empty after he died the first time last year.
“I wanted to fix it.”
“That’s not who we are.”
“…Jack.”
“B-but you said—“
He grabbed onto Dean’s arm and twisted, until something snapped.
“And what exactly would you have done, Dean?  You would’ve devoted all your energy on trying to fix something that can’t be fixed instead of focusing on the bigger picture.  So. I. Handled. It.”
s grip on his coat.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Jack jerk upright, but he kept his gaze on Sam.
“I… I had no idea,” Jack breathed out.
The box of tissues in his hand fell to the floor with a thump and he launched himself at the figure standing in front of him.
Dean resisted the urge to growl.
d like to at least live long enough to enjoy it.”
But I think it will be.
Sam looked Chuck square in the eye and smiled.
“He gave it up.”
“So I know you probably don’t want me around right now but I need to fix this.
Ten minutes later, Dean found it was his turn to be thrust against a wall.  Cas had already shed both his coat and jacket, and Dean made short work of his tie as the angel worked on thoroughly ravishing his mouth.  Dean pushed against Cas’s shoulder.  He was wearing much more clothing than he wanted to right now, but he couldn’t do anything about it with his back pressed up against the wall as it currently was.  Thankfully, Cas got the hint.  He backed off just enough to allow Dean to shrug off his jacket and plaid shirt before diving back in for another kiss.  Dean was about halfway through Cas’s shirt buttons when he felt Cas reach for the ascot.
He’s been giving Dean those looks since he’s arrived, and Dean could not for the life of him figure out why.  He wanted nothing more than to go over and confront Cas, to get him to open up about what was bothering him.  But his previous attempt at asking hadn’t gone over well.  He had denied that anything was wrong but since then Cas had gravitated towards Shaggy and Scooby, and away from him.  Dean returned his attention fully to Daphne.  When Cas was ready to talk about it, he would.  And nothing Dean could say to him would change that.
Fellas, give it up.”
The confidence behind that statement absolutely did
“I think so?” Jack leaned back a bit as Sam started looking him over.
“The same could be said of you.” Did Cas’s voice sound gruffer than normal or was he just imagining things?  He finished descending the stairs  “I was under the impression that humans tend to be asleep at this time of night.”
He just closed his eyes, took a deep breath in, and, as he slowly let that breath out, the world around them exploded back into sound.
Sam didn’t look up from his phone.
“Stronger how?”
“YOU WANTED OUR ATTENTION AND NOW YOU GOT IT SO GET YOUR ASS DOWN HERE!”
“Alright.”
“Chuck, wait, no.” Sam took a step forward.
But, with you, I know that true balance is possible.”
It was a major win, for them and for the world.
The low rumble of her engine was just loud enough to drown out any further begging from Chuck.
It wasn’t him he was worried about.  He was worried about the innocent people of Lebonon currently living in terror, but more importantly, he was worried about Cas.  Now that he was really looking, he could see how tense Cas’s shoulders were and there was a look in his eye that Dean recognized all too well.  The kind of look one had when they were trying to hold it together and barely succeeding.  He’d seen that exact look in the mirror enough times during his time with the mark.
“I’d much rather leave you here, in an empty world, and watch you live with the knowledge that you destroyed it.
s jacket.
This was definitive proof.
To be honest, the complete and utter lack of anyone else on the road was probably the only reason he made it to Hastings in one piece.
“I know Jack.”
Sam wouldn’t wake up for his morning run for at least another hour, but this was still a reasonable hour to start the day, right?
He reached out again, this time to pull Jack towards him.
Dean was leaning on his brother just as heavily as Sam was leaning on him but they stood together, united.
The episode gave me a dumb idea that wouldn't leave me alone until I sat down and wrote it.
Dean rolled a few times in the sandy dirt before he finally came to a stop.
He fell to his knees.
s shoulder and pulled him into a hug that would probably be considered bone crushing to a normal human.
“Oh, uh, no it doesn’t,” Dean replied quickly.  “Thought it sounded familiar but I was thinking of someone else.”
His mind was made up.
“Dude.
Holy shit Cas was kissing him.
Let’s just say The Empty was not happy with the amount of noise I was making in retaliation.”
Dean struggled to lift himself back up with his good arm, but a foot stomped down on his leg, effortlessly breaking that as well and Dean fell back down with another cry.
“What?”
He’s at peace knowing that we still get to live our lives, even if he isn’t around anymore to see it.
It was a futile effort.
t sleep, he hadn’t actually used it much beyond the time he’d spent recovering from Rowena’s spellwork a few years back.
So instead, Dean sighed and stood up.  “Ok then, let me just grab my coat and keys and we can head on over to the sheriff’s office.”
re his kid—our kid—and that
But Cas was...  different.  Quieter, if that was even possible and at times his eyes would dart around the room.  Cas had never been much for smiling but when he had, the expression had always lit up his entire face.  Nowadays, his smiles never seemed to reach his eyes.  It reminded Dean uncomfortably of the days leading up to the final confrontation during the rebellion in Heaven, just before their friendship had gone to shit for the first time, and it set his teeth on edge.
t be fair to Jack.
The glow slowly faded from Jack, until he looked just like he’d been before.
Jack nodded against his shoulder.
Jack nodded once more, as a genuine smile stretched across his face.
“And that’s my cue to leave,” Sam spoke up.  However, neither of them paid much attention to Sam as he left the room.
Dean slowly rubbed a hand up and down Jack’s back as Jack let out another sniffle.
“Yeah me too,” Dean mumbled.  Cas was dealing with something far worse than the flu right now and it wasn’t gonna go away any time soon, but Dean was sure Cas would appreciate the sentiment had he been here.
They continued to work in silence, until Dean reached the end of his book.
He closed his eyes as a bright glow began to overtake his body.
“Really?”
“Come on, guys. Just stay down.”
He was barely even three years old and he’d already died twice and had to deal with the death of his parents three times over.
“But what about all the people you left behind in the doomsday bunker?
“About any of this.”
“You know that’s not what actually happened.
I haven’t seen a single animal and I’ll bet all the monsters are gone too.”
“Hold your horses there Cas.
Every time they got back up, Chuck would knock them right back down.
Dean took one last look at the abandoned town around them as they piled out of the car.
“Yeah, no, that was super suspicious.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Did you learn to read Latin at some point when I wasn’t looking?” he snarked.
You still haven’t explained why it is you think you gotta leave without even bothering to tell us that you were freaking alive.
But he’d never been good at communicating his emotions, so Jack didn’t know that.
s my fault Cas isn
Cracks appeared in Michael’s skin, leaking out blue light.
“But they both came back.
“You’re just as much family as Sam and Cas.”
And so, instead of bullshitting his way through another half-baked lie, Dean slumped back in his chair with a sigh.
A few hours later, the news reported the discovery of another body.
What did Cas say to you?”
I won’t deny you vengeance against the monster that keeps killing your family.”
