"Now that he is dead, the memory of that time makes me feel more deeply about him and miss him” Bain's voice elongated, as if expressing sadness.
"I offer my life to you, to fight with you until my last breath, my old friend." Thor stepped out next, patting Tony on the shoulder.
Jane piloted a Quinjet to send them to the training ground. She and Cap sat in the front passenger seat. Tony and Mask Girl sat behind. Tony is usually popular with girls, as long as he shakes his short black hair and shows a sunny smile, few girls don't like him. But apparently this girl was sitting beside him don’t. He couldn’t see her face; He couldn’t read her mind. Tony didn't even know how to start a conversation. There seemed to be a barrier between them, divided them far apart, so they were silent all the way.
"Thank you for your compliment. It would be nice if I didn't destroy the earth. I don't know if I am a big guy who has to survive."
"Yes, I did. I can't use any of these things he's put on. Every time I enter my room, I have to say the password ten times. The password was changed every hour. After three mistakes, the alarm system would be activated, the entire mansion would automatically shut down. Once, I couldn't remember the password at that time. I was locked out of my room in the middle of the night. The alarms went off all over the mansion. Everyone got up, thought we were being invaded. I had to call him back from his beach house and let him deal with it."
Ms. Canaan, Level A Contact: Our Board of Directors sees Starktron as a promising way of wireless communication that could lead to the future of humanity. You have my card, don't you? By the way, are you related to the famous late Tony Stark? You two look a little alike. You both have sweet smiles.
"I'm not denying your motive. I know it is good." Steve said. "It's just that you didn't do it in the right way. In that case, it was better to go undercover and not reveal the identity of the Avenger."
Steve has been a somewhat formidable leader of Avengers for many years. When he fell silent in his thoughts, the only two people who would dare to interrupt him were Thor and Tony. But today Thor was back in Asgard for the holidays. And Tony was supposed to be the cause of Cap’s bad mood. Tony hadn't been home for months, and today was Christmas Eve. Everyone looked at each other. Nobody knew who to call back Cap. Finally, Wanda stepped forward. Hawkeye admired her courage.
"Liar. Your body is more honest than your mouth. Tony, it's hot again. You're not cold, are you?" Steve said as he slid down Tony's bare back, a shudder rising in his movements.
"Sorry about that. You're going to be disappointed. First, I'm a new Iron Man. Second, my armor was confiscated by Steve, and now it is in Avengers Mansion; Third, Steve's super serum may not be immune to Dr. Octopus's green poison, since you're not. Fourth, he also confiscated my Avengers ID card."
"I've been doing that, but time is a living organism, not just data, and I can't completely fix it with the crystal. And the Forever Crystal is more like a management system, it can't create, it can only control."
"That's right. What you need is this me, for the balance of universes and so on. If I go back 10 years and do it over again, it wouldn't be this me. Knowing this almost drove me into a complete ego, but being Ego wasn't very fun either, so I'd better stay the same. And one more thing, does that new Earth have a number? I mean all Earths have a number. I'll forget the number when I wake up, but I want to make sure."
After a while, Peter saw that Tony got up and left the room. Then there was a splash of water in the bathroom not far away. Peter breathed a sigh of relief, replaying the scene in his mind and quickening the movement of his hand... Then Peter fell asleep.
"You let me be killed at 131 level again." Tony protested. "I thought you'd still be standing there thinking wistfully and tearfully of the old days. But suddenly you laughed. This is supposed to be a place of solemn mourning."
"Can she? We're on a street in Washington D.C." Tony replied with a shrug. He had already converted the location of the ID card, he said confidently.
Holding the ice cream in one hand, Tony licked the brown coils in circles, smoothing out, then rolled up the tip of the ice cream with his tongue tip. He took Steve's hand without ice cream.
"Jarvis, take out all the reds and pinks, fan ribbons and fuzzy bears and throw them out. Remove all those sweet little portraits from the show window and put them in the box. I still like the shop the way it was."
Peter seemed to be the only one left in the empty hall, ready to turn off the music and swing home. At that moment, the golden-mask girl came from a corner.
"This is the only time you don't talk hard, Tony." Steve gave Tony a rewarding kiss between the breasts, brushing his nipple with his teeth.
"And then? What did you find?" Bucky's story captured Steve's undivided attention. He forgot about their situation and listened carefully to Bucky.
"Well, I could build a repulsion flightable vehicle that would be 100 times faster than the one you have now."
"And you say you can't polit?!" Tony imitated Steve’s education mode. "Half a truth is still a lie, Steve."
"All we can hope for now is that he turns on the locator in the watch and finds us. You keep watch at the door, and I'll contact him secretly."
Steve had wanted to lift his hand to wipe the tears from Tony's eyes, and dropped it. There was sadness in Steve's eyes. Steve's blue ocean of sadness. Tony had erased it, and now it was reappearing.
"Forget the ribbons and the roses. I can't wait to open my present. We can leave gift wrapping until next year."
"Uh? I'm not sure, but it's so hot, I'm breaking out in a sweat." The brown-haired boy raised his arm and sniffed under it. "I think I should take a bath."
“Call Harold, use the emergency line, and have him drive up to Rogers' house at once. Take the black, nondescript old Ford and change the license plate. Don't let him meet me at the shop. I'll walk through." He said as he dressed.
Kris sat across from Tony, talking about the Yorkshire Dales. Tony tried to concentrate on what she was talking about, pushing back his thoughts.
"Surrender, Libra, that's all. You've caused enough trouble lately. First you turned New York City into a dark night, and now turned the Grand Canyon into Bermuda. Are you busy making chaos everywhere? Isn't your criminal organization short of money? As far as I know, against Avengers, after a few times, you are the only one left of Zodiac. No Taurus benefactor support, such as a third-rate street gang leader, isn't this time to be busy robbing banks in order to survive? You are tinkering around, creating global terrorist events. Is it really good? I don't understand the logic of ringleaders like you. At any rate, your criminal career is over today."
"Peter, the train... The mudslide just covered the train tracks. It is dark and raining, the visibility is poor and local communications are all down. The train driver might not have noticed in time. I have to fly there before it is too late!" Said Tony, turning to take off.
Steve, the other organizer of the party, was trying to talk to Thor. He didn't want to be rude, but he was a little distracted.
"Isn't that the kind of secret a good friend should share? I always wanted to tell you afterwards, but one thing led to another. I had no chance, so have you forgiven me?"
"And no matter what, I'll be there for you. Spider-Man will be there for Iron Man; Peter will be there for Tony." Peter said affectionately.
"Look at it this way, you've been monitoring New York City. It's a really good habit." Said Tony sarcastically.
Date Kris, go to a modern art show on the weekend, ask the florist for flowers, book a candlelit dinner at a restaurant and a hotel for two, and check in for two... Tony hesitated on this one. She shouldn't be able to get out of the hospital this weekend. Tony told himself. So, he changed the memo to: Visit Kris at Maria hospital. Priority 3.
"All right, Doctor Octopus. If you're cooperative enough, I'll talk to S.H.I.E.L.D. about improving your time in prison, perhaps extending the time outdoors, providing a special diet or whatever you want."
"If it weren’t for me to stay, you still don’t know where to cry. "Steve's tone softened when he talked about it. He clicked on Tony's nose. Tony grabbed his finger, held it in his mouth, licked it over and over with his tongue tip, licked the finger joint, and then next...
Ten minutes later, a man about six feet tall, with dark hair, blue eyes, a moustache and a dark suit, in his thirties, walked into his office.
"What was that before? I think we talked about it. Iron Man's life is Iron Man's life, and Tony Stark's life is Tony Stark's life. And I don't have a label attached to my head." Tony said angrily to Peter. "Peter, you're my best friend. I thought you should know me."
"There's no secret that it can be locked forever with a combination lock. It's much easier, no need to hide it. It will be easier for me, it will be easier for us, so I really appreciate your stupidity."
"We are not pagans. My mother is a devout Christian, and she told me that faith comes from within, so we're not going to your church." Steve explained anxiously.
Peter ducked and released Dani. The frightened Dani dashed out of the fold and disappeared from sight. Peter and Seth followed it out of the sheepfold.
"I've contacted the Avengers via the comm unit here. Giant Man is on his way. He should be able to make an antidote. You all will be fine."
"You have done a lot. If you had not appealed to the Avengers in time, what would have happened would not have been separation, but death. While there is life, there is always hope. What about the blizzard in New York? They urgently called you back to help."
Then things get easier. The backup disk was in Bain's drawer. It was just a regular drawer without any encryption locks. But just as Tony opened the drawer, he saw his red gauntlets.
Now, Steve mostly stayed late every day, because Paige walked back to the toy shop with him only at sunset when the school was almost empty. At recess time in the school, Paige wouldn’t initiate a conversation with Steve, who didn’t know how to initiate a conversation with Paige. One day, Steve plucked up his courage and greeted Paige in the hallway.
"Now my shell is much thicker than your flag suit, so this time it's up to you not to get too far away from me, and try to hide behind me, so as not to be frozen into Popsicle again. Aha-ha-ha."
"He did say a bunch of weird things when he showed up, and now I remember what he said, 'Today I'm going to bring all of Manhattan to my white wedding!’.
Steve didn't know how long it took him to wake up. He tried to gather his memories as he opened his eyes. He wasn't sure if his experience of the night before was real, if Tony had really been back, if he had been crying in his arms. Steve struggled to find evidence that this had ever happened. The crumpled sheets, the smell of his body, the dried tears on his pillow... He came back.
"In fact, you don't have to say a bunch of things like that. I am all ready to accept the challenge. I don't think high technology is bad, but we can't just rely on machines to solve all of the problems. Perceptual intuition, survival instinct, cognitive content, these basic abilities of human beings are not completely imitated by machines. In extreme special cases, these basic abilities are the key to our success. And as an Avenger, you will often encounter this kind of situation.
Steve was running in his sleep, through a dark jungle. His Captain America uniform sliced open, his shield not in his hand. He chased a gleam of light ahead, but no matter how fast he ran, it kept getting farther and farther away from him. He was lost in the forest. He could not find his way out. In sleep he whispered:
"We should find a little space in these Superhero Dailies," Tony said intermittently. "If you're busy, or I'm busy, we'll never have time to be together like this. I'll cry if it'll help, but I'd rather..."
"A bit of a hassle." Tony was silent for a moment. "He now feels that maybe if he wasn't part of the Avengers team, he wouldn't be so constrained by the rules."
"It has been restored. I've contacted S.H.I.E.L.D. They'll send someone to take the mercenaries and Zodiac agents. The Quinjet that Hawkeye and Spider-Man drove was too damaged to be repaired. For a few repairs, the Jet Cap and I piloted should be used. We can go home soon. I'm going to fly over and fix it now."
"Not better than Captain America. Captain America is red, blue and white. He has wings on his head and stars on his body. I wonder why Mr. Krats never makes his models?"
That's it. She's dead. No one will ever know his secret again. The flower giver leaned close to the woman on the bed, by detecting her breath, confirmed that she was a corpse. Because everything was going so well, he let his guard down. At that moment, the person on the bed, who was supposed to be a corpse, reached out and seized his outstretched hand. His guard was not up, he was flung out violently against the window on the other side of the bed. The glass broke clanging. He fell hard to the floor. But he is an expert. He reacted quickly. He got up, wiped the blood of his mouth, saw clearly the person who got up on the bed.
The always talkative Hawkeye had no object to talking to, super boring. He took out the escape list, crossed out the name of Flying Tiger, looked at the next target, and set out. But along the way, Vision silently floating beside him.
After receiving the DJ job, Peter finally got his wish, hid in a corner. He watched in silence. He saw Thor laughing as he put his arm around Tony's shoulder; he saw Jane holding Tony for a long time; he saw Cap looking at him, and Hank cutting in every now and then... The five founders of Avengers got together, Tony just fell in. They all love him; they all think of him as family; and they are waiting for him to come back home.
The moment he lay next to Steve, Steve immediately hugged him and buried his head in his chest. He rubbed his hair, which was still wet, and began to tell the story.
Kris pulled Tony up and ran back to the house. Sure enough, Seth had dinner ready. He glared at Tony. Tony pretended not to notice and sat down next to Kris. Mrs. DeGann led a prayer before dinner. Tony followed the Romans, even though he did not believe in God. Then the atmosphere warmed up. Kris was talking and telling stories of what she had seen in New York. Tony added now and then. Seth lived up to his reputation as a good cook. Tony had eaten more than he had in a long time. After dinner, Mrs. DeGann sat under the Christmas tree digging out old photographs and telling Tony stories about Kris as a kid. Kris sat beside him, interjected from time to time. With Peter as a playmate, Gatlin and Elise didn't want anyone else, so Peter was busy taking care of the kids until they were sleepy enough to fall asleep. For Tony and Peter, it was indeed the first special Christmas of their lives. Perhaps it was Seth's dinner that finally put Tony to sleep after midnight.
"Tony, look me in the eyes, and tell me you think this is a mistake, you think what happened between us is a mistake."
"Iron Man!"Spider-Man opened his eyes wide. "I mean Iron Man, are you Iron Man? No, I mean, is the one inside you the same one? No, I mean you're Iron Man and Tony Stark? The 19-year-old Iron Man and 19-year-old Tony Stark?"
Steve laid down his shield, which he had polished 300 times tonight, approached Tony, did what he had been expecting all night, took off Tony's clothes... Like old westerns, bonfires, coffee, chickpeas, acoustic guitars, old stories... Under moonlit and starry night sky, holding the person in your heart now.
"Wow, I'm really impressed! You knocked them all down by yourself!" Tony, recovering a little strength, joking.
"He was so famous. I didn't want to bring too much unnecessary attention in Univ. So, I denied it at first. I'm a distant relative of his, sort of a cousin. There was an accident in my family this year, my parents, they..." Tony paused. The image of his parents being killed by Kang's men came back to him. A surge of anger rose in his heart, but he calmed it down. "They all died in a car accident."
"Master Rogers won't catch a cold." Yes, as the whole world knows, Captain America doesn't catch a cold.
“You didn't do it. I'm telling them the truth. If you don't get caught, you can bail me out." Tony said.
Steve accepted the rare flattery as he spoke, rolled over on top of Tony without stopping his hand movements. His hand ran across Tony's bare skin. Every touch, like faint, lit flames everywhere. A thin layer of beads sweat oozed from Tony's body, which contained desires that were still not deeply satisfied. So, his body undulated in pursuit of his movements, constantly close to him. He even curled his right leg, half around his body, rubbing the inside of his thigh against his waist to keep him there. But he still only let him breathe at a time, and did not let him release.
The lock sizzled, set off an explosion, sent the door crashing. Stones and dirt fell. The dusty Spider, coughing violently, came out of the dust.
"Tony, you may not be able to go back to the past at this point and put an end to this crisis directly. From what I know about Professor X and my... and Magneto, the monster born of their two dark forces, may well no longer be the creature of the original space-time turbulence energy. Perhaps your plan truly is the most feasible approach." Wanda said.
"Look, if I disappear, it's going to get their attention. We have to do this without being noticed. You, go into Dr. Octopus's lab. I'll contact you through your watch. You help me find the ingredients I need."
There were closed shops and factories, homeless children, and tramps along the street. Tony, with the appearance of a seven - or eight-year-old, could only find job delivering newspapers.
"I have left too much study behind in university. If I don't work hard for the rest of the semester, I'm going to get flunked. So, I can't take part in the Avenger mission for now." Tony said to Tasha.
"I can take care of myself and give you two a hand." Tony knocked down the Zodiac agent in front of himself and stood back to back with Steve.
"Thirty minutes ago... I was at... I knew why I was suddenly dizzy. Damn it! You picked a hell of a time! % & # ".
"Little bastard, you have a temper, but your fists... Tut, tut, like cotton. Let me tell you what a real fist is."
Tony walked Kris down to the dormitory and kissed her. At first it was just a shallow kiss goodbye, then the kiss became enthusiastic, igniting the enthusiasm of the orange fragrance, provoking Tony's desire.
"That's wonderful! It's so hot, I'm going to jump." With that, the brown-haired boy quickly took off his half-sleeved striped shirt, overalls and sandals, and jumped into the water.
"Don't smash the electronic lock with your shield. It will trigger an alarm." Tony hurriedly prevented Steve from further action.
Peter let go of Tony awkwardly. "I thought I'd never see you again... I mean, I thought you weren't coming back for a long time. I... I just told them you went to outer space. And you..."
Tony froze. The same feverish. The surreal feeling that he had felt that day in the simulation training room back into Tony's blood. He couldn't feel his own heartbeat; He couldn't feel his own breath; He couldn't even feel anything around himself. He forgot, he forgot it was the door to the hospital SICU; He forgot all the mess that had happened recently; He forgot Kris. All he could feel was Steve. He felt his breath, felt his heartbeat, felt the rough callus with his thumb resting on his lips. He could only hear his words, some kinds of warm thick, mixed with a hint of hoarseness now. He could only see his Adam's Apple rolling, lips opening and closing, sadness rising in his blue eyes.
By the end, Tony's body was painless, but he was still sobbing. He felt Steve kiss away his tears over and over again. Because his tears didn't stop, neither did his kisses.
"I told you it would be all right. I'm not going to let you drown. Well, now, let go of my neck, don't push against the water, just follow the current, relax as much as you can, let your body float. I'm here, don't be afraid..."
"You are such a small size, want to fight a group of fierce fighting, what the hell are you thinking?” Said the brown-haired boy.
"I have always been a failed father." Eric looked down at Central Park. In Central Park, Wanda was crying in the arms of Quicksilver. Wanda had lost Vision. Quicksilver's wife, Crystal, had walked into the Time Vortex.
"Just say, you are too stupid. Recently, Tony Stark has been playing for too long. I am thinking of taking an opportunity to let Iron Man come out to act."
"Great! That's so great! We can go to school together, back home together, fishing together, swimming together. You can teach me how to fight, and I'll teach you how to draw, if you want to. Then, then we can be together every day!"
Well, I'm in a good mood today, in a hurry to get home, so I don't want to argue with you. I'll give you one minute to run away."
Doom took a small box from inside his armor and held it up in midair. Tony still could not see his face and could not read his thoughts. But Tony needed the content of the little box, so he hesitantly walked up to it and got it. Doom's silver gauntlet caught his red. The moment Tony pulled it back. His pull was limited and Doom held him hard. Tony could use the weapons in his armor, but he wasn't going to do that. If he destroyed the content of the box, all his renewed hopes would be dashed. So, he said defiantly.
"It's not your fault." Bucky raised his hand and stroked Steve’s cheek. "It's not your fault that he screwed up his life, and you don't have to punish yourself for his mistakes."
He wondered who he was, who the man behind him was. Steve retracted his foot, turned back to where the light had come from. His eyes had become accustomed to the light, and he saw clearly the voice's owner. A tall, slender man with a moustache in a black coat. Mr. Krats? The strange owner of the magical toy shop that never had direct contact with him, but had always existed in his life. Steve didn't move. He was filled with curiosity, with confusion, with anticipation of the unknown, so he did not move. Then he saw Mr. Krats coming toward him. He came closer and closer. Then he clearly saw the four-eyed buttons on his black coat, which were resting on his forehead, and he tilted his head a little, feeling the roughness and warmth of the wool on his cheeks. He sniffed deeply at the breath above, a mixture of metal, potion and a bit of cologne. He liked the smell. Then he raised his hand and held the man in front of him as he held him. In his arms, he heard his gentle voice, rising and falling with his heart.
It was as if Clint had heard Tasha say so much for the first time. He had always found her cold. Maybe her enthusiasm is buried under her cold exterior.
"Gedwola plegian in pes fana, Mjolnir ne mislaid, butan se fruma of mine drafan.(Fallacy described in this banner, Mjolnir was not mislaid before, but the source of mine drive)."
Then Kris took Tony's hand and ran through the rain to the barn. Although they ran very fast, they still got their clothes wet. Kris pulled Tony down onto the haystack. Her half-wet hair stuck to a pile of hay. Then she laughed.
"After Stark's head of corporate security died, I spent three hours tracking down the murderer and thief; Four hours with Spider-Man; got caught sneaking into Baintronics; ran into Stark's old flame; and walked halfway across Manhattan; I really didn't want to talk." Tony lay flat on his back, and said to the ceiling.
"I did it only because Hawkeye pissed me off, and I didn't really mean to say anything. I don't want to declare that you belong to me, or I belong to you."
"That's all right, I know you did your best, but on the bright side there were no serious injuries or deaths today. As two rookie duos, we were not bad." Tony encouraged Peter. But he thought it would be better not to give Peter the social task next time.
"My God, Spider, could you dry your uniform? How long has it been since you washed this dress? It smells nauseous. Better dry it with your mask." Clint complained. "I told you, I'm not interested in who you really are."
"I'm also a techno fan. Recently I've been crazy about DJ Spooky. His new album, Songs of a Dead Dreamer, is amazing. Which of you would like to go to his show this weekend?" Melony's intervention saved Tony.
"I kept thinking when you would come, till now. Iron Man, you have become dull." Said Doctor Octopus.
Sure enough, the chest implant has a tiny adsorbent screen that filters out toxins. So now I don't need to neutralize the poison, I just need to filter it out before it gets into Steve's blood.
"I'd say he's a loyal friend, so I'm definitely rooting for him to stay on the permanent Avengers roster."
"It follows a bad Christmas in the Yorkshire Dales in Britain, where Iron Man, an Avenger, was seen in action. His move triggered a backlash in the UK, where the issue was picked up by various media outlets. On the day after New Year's Day, someone spotted Iron Man flying solo out of the Avengers' mansion and provided us with photos."
A brown-haired man walked up the half-space in the field. He flipped a switch on the mainframe, shutting off all the screens in front of the dark-haired man.
"That's it? Seriously, guys, isn't there one of the big surprises? With my perfect plan, we just saved the planet from a bad ass like Onslaught. This is my 20th birthday, which is not easy to come by."
"That's all right. The Earth will be destroyed and we'll all be blown up. If you're not going to lose your precious title as a king and become a refugee on another planet, you'd better help."
"Aha, can we go to your room without any trouble now? It doesn't matter if it gets in the way. You know I can handle it. Only you can't, Old Man."
"Why were the designs stolen at 4:30 a.m., not earlier?" Tony focused his thoughts and asked the question.
"It seems you were lucky to find another channel in time." Hawkeye interjected with a hint of irony.
As he did so, the ice cream in his hands melted, dripped onto Tony's red T-shirt, leaving creamy white spots and arcs.
"You're a decade younger. What's going on? Pym's new invention, Time Stone, or the Magic of Scarlet Witch?"
"Put on the mask, don't let them find out who you are, try to hide, don't get too far away from me." Steve eased his tone. Arguing with teenagers about danger, they will do it secretly. So it's better to put him under the nose.
Another flash of lightning struck. Tony hit back with sound waves. Electro was knocked back a few steps, but quickly came back.
"I'm not going to. And is it useful? Didn't the employer behind you already know? Isn't he always having trouble with Iron Man? He already knew I am Iron Man. But I also know one thing. He didn't want to kill Tony Stark, he just wanted to destroy Iron Man."
“Are you going to leave again, Tony?" Steve shouted at Iron Man, who was hiding behind the statue of the founders of the Avengers.
"What were you doing on that island in the Atlantic Ocean if your experiment was based in New York City?"
Five minutes after Steve rushed in, Tony swaggered in with the detector. All the way was knocked out of the mercenaries and the Zodiac agents.
"Ha-ha, do you think I care what those so-called superheroes think?" Doom sneered sarcastically. There was an obsession with his words. "All I care about is you. If you don't get over him, you'll never have me in your heart."
"You think too much, Wanda. If you want to hear my answer, I'll say, 'I would hold on to him as long as he and I are alive. No matter how long it takes, I will let him find back that feeling, affectionately looking at me. '"
When Steve walked into the lab, there were scattered drawings, various instruments, and Tony buried behind a pile of equipment.
"That's what I thought at first, Jane. Most of the time, he just needs to stay on campus and continue his college life. We don't need him for Avengers missions unless understaffed. Tasha probably plans to do the same. But recently he was hunted down. It is Tony Stark being pursued, not Iron Man. So, we have to get him ready as soon as possible."
After that, Tony wanted to get up. But, Steve, who was pressing on him, seemed to have no intention of moving. The damaged armor is also a bit heavy. Tony can’t get up.
"♫ lovely puppy love, loveable first love, likes green apples, green apples sour ♫" He hummed a tune at random.
Don't get added, don't get added, or Cap will keep adding, and it will never end. Peter thought. But Peter's expectations fell through.
“I know!" Tony had inspiration, and then he said in frustration. "Oh, I hate these villains, they always do evil at the wrong time. It's not that they can do evil at the right time, but they always choose such times, such times like this..."
On the flight to Colorado, Tony thought: Lots of dangerous criminals escaped, but he didn't wake me up. And it was my fault. I should have read his note the first time I woke up. I didn't get back my watch he had confiscated, so the system assume he is the highest-level contact. But when did the Old Man can use this high-tech gadget? That's what it says, 'Steve' play ‘dumb’.
There are statues of Captain America and Bucky near the monument. As a man who lives in this era but does not belong to this era, he always asks himself: What would my life have been like if I had not been frozen for 40 years? What if Bucky were still alive?
“Besides, there doesn't seem to be any village nearby that can get horses. We're not going anywhere until the armor is fixed. And according to my calculations, Hawkeye and Spider-Man..."
"Cap, I need your support here." Tony interposed solemnly. It was too late for Steve to cover his mouth. "Black Widow, this is Iron Man. Cap and I are in Washington D.C chasing The Ghost. He went into Stark's secret base last night, killed the chief of security, stole high-tech weapons. It was very dangerous. I couldn't deal with it alone.
Doom and Tony went into the vortex at the same time. The moment they entered, Doom grabbed Tony. Before Tony knew it, he felt something penetrate his armoured elbow, piercing his skin and injecting fluid into his body. The elbow was a weak joint in this armor, and not many people knew about it, let alone could pierce it with precision. Doom was clearly an armor expert.
"Steve, there's a strategy meeting going on to save the planet. As Captain America, can you sneak out like this?"
"Hum... Well, I've got it. Captain America's favor still counts for something. Remember, I'll come and collect it."
Mrs. Carbonell was so beautiful, with dark hair, brown eyes, delicate skin, and exquisite makeup that it was hard to imagine that she had an eight-year-old daughter. Her daughter, Maria, has clearly inherited her mother's traits. She made a curtsey to Krats.
"Nonsense, people are born to swim. You knew it when you were in your mother's womb. You just forgot about it. Come down, I'm bored down here by myself."
"Thank you. You know, I just..." He took the outstretched hand and stood up. "They insulted my mother."
"DJ, would you mind playing another tune?" Said the girl. "I want to dance. You can dance with me if you like."
After a while, Tony lay comfortably on Steve's chest, feeling his hand slide from his neck down his spine to an inch below his tail-vertebrae, no more, no less, always in that position, and every time his finger got there, Tony would give a little shiver, and then it would slide back in reverse. It was a slow, comfortable, grinding motion, not intense, not wild, just twisted and twisted. It tugged at Tony's body, made him feel hot under his belly, made him crave more every time, a little bit more... When Tony is half attentive to his body pleasures, his mental defense is lower and his IQ is only half left. He just casually started the conversation, the question he'd always wanted to ask but didn't want to ask formally.
"Yes, that child, and an Omega mutant. Do you want Doom to do everything himself?" There was a slight emotion in Doom's voice this time, but then he calmed down quickly.
"Once up a time, in a beautiful kingdom, there lived a boy of nineteen years old. His father was a great minister of the king, and his mother was a gentle and gorgeous lady. He was a clever, innocent, kind, carefree life in a castle. One day a shining door appeared in the basement of the castle. A man walked out the door with a bunch of weird people in weird clothes. He didn't know his life was going to change..."
The recent continuous task made the members more tired. Tasha decided to give everyone a day off. Of course, someone must stay on duty, to deal with the emergency.
"Well done! But I'm just saying. Damn it, Victor. You fucking know she's my PA, right? Personal assistant. Although she deserves to be fired. Do you know the meaning of the word 'personal'? It means she can only be fired by me."
"He's not like Whiplash. Whiplash is a human. His whips are powered by his base. But Electro himself is electricity, he has already merged with it." Tony analyzed.
“What do you mean?" Steve followed his train of thought, knowing that Tony didn't need his answers, he just needed to listen.
"Dr. Octopus." Peter paused. "Now that you've temporarily severed your ties with Libra, perhaps we can learn something from Dr. Octopus, who has been entrusted with Zodiac."
This old stubborn man would never use a false name when recording confession. The more Tony thought about it, the more anxious he became. He didn't know what to do with it.
A banner in the drawing room reads “Celebrate your..." The words on the back were blacked out. The party at Avengers Mansion came alive. Spiderman was the best DJ of tonight.
"I was a train dispatcher on duty that day, and suddenly his voice was on our dispatching channel... We then spent a considerable amount of time monitoring and repairing the system. This led to chaos in the scheduling of many trains on that day, and many passengers were unable to get home on time for Christmas."
"This is not a prank. You see for yourself." Tony was now in front of the train, and he opened the armor's glare to illuminate the blocked track.
Mr. Leonard, Level A Contact: We are very interested in Starktron project we discussed last time. If you can provide us with further proposals, we will consider funding.
Besides, I really want to protect your identity. My identity is a secret. It doesn't matter. If you get caught, the Washington Post won't be part of page three tomorrow, it'll be the front page -- Captain America got into a street fight on National Mall.
"I know, so I went alone to talk to Doctor Octopus. One was enough. He'll be more emotional to see you, and it'll be harder to get him to talk." Tony said.
For many days afterward, Paige was a frequent visitor to the toy shop. Jarvis still could not recognize her, even though he could cook. Steve had never been starving since Jarvis could cook. Before this, he had often been hungry. Bucky and Mr. Krats seemed like they did not need to eat. They spent almost all day in the laboratory. He used to see Bucky sometimes, but now he barely even sees him. Steve asked Bucky why he hadn't seen him lately. Bucky replied that Mr. Krats needed him as an assistant.
Thinking of this, Steve held Tony in his arms tighter. It made Tony feel some discomfort in his dream, unconsciously pulling himself free. Steve smothered his struggle and kissed his neck. The kisses apparently evoked memories of Tony's body, so he stopped struggling and rolled over to face Steve.
"Asked Spider-Man. I put a shield around his neck and threatened to cut off his spider's head if he didn't tell me where Doctor Octopus's lab was." Steve said and matched the action.
"Well, we must wake up the people we knocked unconscious." Steve said to the Spider-man next to him.
"Actually, I have a confession to make." Kris said. “I'm an exchange student from Imperial College London, but I'm really a village girl. I grew up on a small farm in Yorkshire Dales, one of four brothers and sisters. One big brother, one little brother, and the youngest sister is only seven years old. If I hadn't been lucky enough to get a job as a model, my family's financial situation would have been difficult to support my tuition."
"This guy should be the last one." Tony took Man-Bull to the prison guard. "He hid out in a cattle farm. Let us have a hard time."
Tasha whispered to Steve, "Cap, your public speech made Nick Fury mad. He's yelling at the phone screen."
At that moment, a news break appeared on the TV hanging in the bar, and customers at the bar asked the waiter to turn up the volume. Apparently, everyone in the restaurant was paying attention to the news.
When Tony finally turned in his paper on time, he was relieved. After getting Kris back to her dorm, instead of returning to Avengers Mansion, he flew to Dr. Octopus's lab. He incorporated the data of the Colorado tornado that just happened, and stayed in the laboratory ever since.
Victor activated the robotic arm that was holding the armchair. It fell slowly. The armchair dropped about half a metre above the half-pace. Victor held out a hand to Tony.
"I don't know what to do, I can't figure it out, maybe I'm not a genius after all." Said Tony gloomily. "I thought through every detail, I made the formula, I programmed it, I brought the data in and it just didn't work... I just don't know what's wrong." Tony spoke a lot of geek languages that Steve didn't understand either, but he listened patiently.
"You've been here for two weeks. I'm pretty sure you have a copy. If it doesn't, it just shows that your mainframe is fool."
“Suit up!" Steve yelled, he pulled the shield out of the backpack and quickly changed into his uniform. When he turned around, he found out Tony was just using a pair of gauntlets.
We cannot guarantee that every decision made by those in charge will be the right one, or the just one, or the selfless one, but we can make sure that each of them doesn’t view the rest of the family as less important than the one they love most. Cap wouldn't trade your life or mine or anyone else's life for Tony's, and Tony wouldn't trade anyone else's life for Cap's. That's what's special about them, that's what's special about Avengers, that's what's special about this family. We protect the world and each other."
"The path of scientific discovery is always going to cost a lot of money, so when someone comes in with a lot of money, I don't usually turn it down. At first, I thought it would be the old stuff in Zodiac, making weapons, developing drugs, breaking security systems, you know, low-end crime. But they gave me something far beyond my wildest expectations."
"You are a strong woman, you have already proved that, Wanda. Don't forget, a long time ago, I was just a killer crawling out of the red house."
"You can fight, and I don’t have armor. No time to argue! And I've taken it down." He put a mask over Steve's face.
"I don't understand. This meeting was clearly requested by Cap. He wanted to summarize missions during the blizzards." Vision said.
"Mr. Stark, Mayday, Mayday. There's been an invasion of New York's secret armor base, and you must hurry... Ah..." Gunshots, Zimmer 's screams were heard in the background. The phone was cut off.
A mob of masked men with baseball bats darted through the surrounding trees, blocking Steve and Tony's path.
It was noon when Tony woke up again. He stretched himself and sat up. A little reluctant to face the minutia of everyday life. Tony clicked on his watch and opened his voicemail. Sure enough, there were hundreds of messages. Tony recently added an automatic filter system that automatically ranks messages by contact, saving him a lot of time. At this point, he only selected messages from people with an A or higher level. The message began in chronological order:
“But I think there's something wrong with us! I know how they lost contact. The Grand Canyon became Bermuda."
"The airship's power should be enough to open a channel on the Dimension Black Circle, but only for 30 seconds." Tony said.
"I think you might need this." Steve walked in, handed him a baseball shirt. He had changed his clothes, but his hair was still wet.
"What are you drawing? It's so ugly." A sweet female voice, like the cry of a canary. The sound came up in Steve's dreams so many times. He looked up in disbelief. His face was flushed, and his tongue was tied as before.
On the second floor, pictures of fraternity members hang on the walls. Benjamin gushed, "This is Haney Here, Class of '77. He is the last person to break into the museum before you."
Ten minutes later, Kris showed off. She was wearing boots and a red plaid sundress with a brown jacket today. The light makeup, but highlights her elaborate dress.
"You know, I am always tense between Dr. Octopus. So I went to visit him from time to time, and toned down our relationship. One day, I quietly visited, wanted to give him a pleasant surprise, and accidentally discovered something. He seemed to be busy with a new experiment recently. I am a curious baby, and wanted to find out where his secret lab was located, so I followed him. He seems to have recently upgraded the formula for his poison, and here I am."
"When I'm too old to run, you're still flying around in the sky, I'll put on the armor you built for me, to trace you, to pursue you, to grab you, so that you'll never, ever escape."
"He's not like Whiplash. Whiplash is a human. His whips are powered by his base. But Electro himself is electricity, he has already merged with it." Tony analyzed.
According to sources, the members of the Avengers could enter Britain in a very short time through mysterious magic... The invasion of mysterious magic caused the panic of the local people...
One, from Brennan, inquired about the condition, told him that because of the fire the Rush Fraternity needed to rebuild, he would not be able to take him in. Tony just deleted the message.
Spider-Man raised his hand to interpose, but it didn't get any attention. Everyone else was watching Iron Man's reaction.
At this point, Steve, who had been corona earlier, woke up. He opened his eyes to see Iron Man and smiled.
Tony released one of Peter's arms to change position. Peter seized the Iron Man's gauntlets with both hands in horror.
"It's really, really handsome! Wow! Oh!" Peter's delighted voice came from the communication device. "How am I going to get back afterwards?”
"If you think that I am alone and cannot catch you, then you are wrong. Today is not the day of New York City, I am not just having a pair of gauntlets, and I didn't come alone, other Avengers support is on the way."
"I say so it was a name I feel familiar with. I see. Ah! His ex-wife's name is Meredith Elden. Before they got married, her name was Meredith McCall. She is my girlfriend and my science professor.
"Uh... It was not for you... And that doesn't mean anything. It was just that... I thought..." Here Tony stopped.
"I'm on my way." Krats noticed Mrs. Rogers's little movement. His eyes rested on the larger bruise on Mrs. Rogers's wrist.
"Nothing serious. I slipped in the laundry. I've put it on." Mrs. Rogers pulled at her sleeve, trying to cover the bruise.
"Spiderman, you're right, it's a bit crowded. I'll fly you back." Tony got up from the copilot, walked over to Spider-Man.
You soldered exits of the house, set fire, and caused chaos. But along the way, you made a mistake. Kris noticed you by accident. I guess she might have seen you near an exit just before the fire, but she didn't know what that meant.
"But... Steve... He's gone. He's missing. He's out there by himself. I must find him." Cried Mrs. Rogers.
He had that dream countless times, each time with a slightly different detail, but it was always the same scene, always the same name that could not be uttered. He knew the name wasn't "Peggy", so he felt guilty every time he woke up to see her. So he never told Peggy about the dream. So he left their room, left their house, every time. He loved his wife, his two children, his family, but it was only on a night like this that he wanted to walk out into the wind.
"Guess a little. Otherwise, you won't stop me from the beginning. In case something goes wrong, you're a punk kid at Columbia, it's okay to get in trouble. But Captain America was involved in a street fight, if the press found out... Is that what you think? I bet you're also trying to convince me to take the statement without using my real name. But you gave up the plan because you knew I would never agree to it."
"They are all made by Mr. Krats. He's really something. He's not an evil wizard, he just likes to bury himself in the lab. Although I've worked in his toy shop for a long time and I haven't seen him many times, but... He is a... Good man." Steve's tone was full of adoration and admiration.
"Tomorrow we're having a founder vote meeting to decide if Spider-Man will become a full member. It's late today and everyone is in a party mood. Let's meet tomorrow, Tony, is that all right? '
Tony was seized by desire. He parted his legs unconsciously, put them around Steve's waist, rubbed him gently. He wanted more...
"Just a second, I'll check the database. Zzzzz... None of the ones on the list to use magic are in New York. Please return yourself, Zzzzz..."
Without squinting his eyes, he threw the stone in his hand to the bush next to him, and a hare became a corpse. He calmly stood up, walked over, came back with the hare, pulled out a dagger, began to skin it expertly.
When he awoke, it was late in the afternoon. Tony found his arm had been firmly banded. There was a note pinned to the bedside table under a photo of the Avengers family.
"One more thing, removing the filter will probably have some effect on the backup power of my implant, so you'd better solve this matter before it runs out of power."
"Has it been so long? I didn't notice at all." Tony rubbed his thumb and forefinger between his eyebrows.
Bain turned away and closed the door. Tony scanned the facilities in the room. Bain was not lying. All the surveillance was off. He plugged armor into the mainframe, set up a firewall, and imported the data he had from the global anomalies. This was the most advanced intelligent system he knew of on the planet, and although he didn't know why it was so far ahead of modern human technology, Tony decided to take the gamble with desperation.
"My dear lady, may I have the honor of dancing with you? I think your swaying dance will make this room flourish." Thor said to Hellcat with a deep bow. Hellcat smiled, accompanied Thor down the dance floor.
"It makes you colder when it's wet. You really have no experience in the wild. Can't your superpowers resist the cold? My God, you can wear mine first. Mine is dry." Clint took off his clothes and handed them to Spider-Man.
"Er... I seem to have ruined the painting I wanted to give you." Steve looked down at the splash of dye on his board.
The Laugh of Libras confused Tony a little. How does he know who I am? Is he the one who sent the killers after Iron Man? It seems to be quite different from my previous speculation.
"I know... But my friends can't understand... I don't want to be weird, at least not the way they see me... They are my friends and I don't want to lose them. So, this will be the last time I see you privately. I'm sorry, Steve, I'm so sorry..."
"It's more naive than brave." Tony shrugged a little dejected. "I guess I'm not mature enough to cover it up perfectly. So, I did this stupid thing tonight."
"A hero? I've never heard of him." The blonde girl frowned and looked sideways at the painting. "He doesn't look very strong at all. He looks like... Uh... A pile of buckets."
The guard did not go out two steps, was directly knocked unconscious by a shield. Steve jumped down.
"We can reach an agreement, you can make all the plans, I'll agree with you, as long as you agree with me at this time. Agree?"
"But before that..." With that, Tony punched Hawkeye’s face. Before Hawkeye reacted to it, Tony had opened the skylight on top of the Quinjet through a remote control built into the armor. He picked up Spiderman, and was out of sight.
There was a loud explosion, more guards rushed this way. Brushing the dust off, Spider stood back to back with Captain, took up a fighting position. This time it is my turn to fight. Spider thought happily. Then he swung the spider silk, kicked down a masked agent who rushed in front of him.
"I'm so sorry... It's urgent. I can't wait any longer. I can only get you back in thirty minutes." Libra's voice came out through space.
"And there were two Carols, one after the other. Don't know which one to help. Later, Tony’s detection device confirmed one of them was Skrull disguised. We helped another Carol grab the Skrull Carol, but when we went back to the Avengers Mansion for further testing to confirm, we found out the disguised Carol was the real Carol, and the other Carol took disguise to Carol, in order to sneak into the Avengers Mansion, then...You know..."
"His armor should have a survival support system, as long as we dig this hole..." Steve said as he moved the rubble.
"We agreed on a party for the evening on the way back, then got into some arguments. Tony flew away in a huff..." Steve said a little sadly.
"Ridiculous! Do you think you've solved the problem by beating it up? I had solved it, of course, had no intention of fighting with you Avengers. I immediately led the gang out of New York."
"I'm her friend. She's an exchange student from London. It's an emergency. I haven't been able to contact her family."
The Whiplash’s whips curled up with electric light and flew towards Steve. Steve leapt up, side-stepped, and swerved sideways, his shield flying sideways toward the base at the foot of Whiplash. The shield collided with the base, emitting a hissing electric light. But after the lightning, Whiplash stood still.
"No, I'm not a pet of S.H.I.E.L.D. I don't want to do my research under the noses of a bunch of stupid guards." Doctor Octopus said haughtily.
"I'm out. You let him near me. I'm already under a car at 35.3 degrees and 25.7 meters away from your right back ".
"Not in a hurry, indeed. There is still a day to go. I'm really under no pressure, uh? Damn! Fuck! What the hell were you doing?!"
"Kris, you stay here. It should be safe from the fire. I have to get back to rescue." Kris was still in a coma.
Tasha said, "There's one more thing. Raymond Sikorski, Liaison Officer to the National Security Council, conveyed the dissatisfaction of the UK Government at the involvement of our members in the Yorkshire Dales at Christmas, as well as the warning issued by the U.S. Department of State. He demanded an explanation and a public apology."
A different picture of life flashed through Steve's mind. At the end of the film, he felt a sense of sadness. He looked back. Tony was sitting on a bench 10 meters away, absorbed in a game that had popped up on his watch. The film blurred, the face in front of him became real, a smile appeared in his mouth. Steve turned around. He didn't see Tony put down the game, didn't see the sadness on Tony's face, didn't see Tony was actually watching him.
In the grass near the cave, Tony made a plan. Steve rushes in ahead with great fanfare to attract the guards. Then he dives, finds the base's core power source, destroys the device that affects the magnetic field in this area. Steve, as he had promised, did not contradict, approved of Tony's plan directly. Of course, Tony didn't know Spiderman was here when he made the plan.
Spider-Man, Level S Contact: Tony, I did a preliminary analysis of the minerals you gave me. It contains quartz, feldspar, plagioclase, pyrite... and traces of an unidentified crystalline substance, suspected to be non-earth material, that required further analysis against the Avengers' database.
"Wait a minute, Hulk!” Tony didn't know where he had the courage to rush straight into the Hulk. He blocked his way.
Tony saw grief and a sense of helpless vulnerability rise in Steve's face. The man in front of him was the idol of his childhood. Tony always thought there was nothing in the world that could knock him down. He was always optimistic. Those days, when Tony fighting beside him can feel the passion he brought, he can feel the belief that nothing can defeat the Avengers. Those things made Tony willing to follow him and die on the battlefield for him. This man in front of him is not the same man on the battlefield. He was in a deep wound, perhaps deeper than anyone else. Is this why Black Widow didn't call his Avengers ID card either? She positioned him where he was at that time. He was in front of Tony's tombstone.
Tony may be very good at wiping a girl's tears, but he doesn't know how to comfort a wounded man, especially this man.
The light in the room was dim, and the lights on the computer were flashing. Bain, dressed in a black transparent silk nightgown, carrying a bottle of champagne and two empty glasses, walked slowly up to the Iron Man.
"I knew it. Here you are. "Peter gives Tony a hamburger and a cup of coffee. They are still hot. Peter saw Tony coming, ran to buy them immediately. But Tony didn't notice that. He never knew he was hungry until he had something in his mouth.
"I'm sorry... Captain." Tony felt as if calling Captain America "Old Man" was not a good idea. He quickly changed the title.
"Lizzy, will you take Maria to Stark's mansion first? I'll have Hansen escort you there. I have a few business matters to discuss with Mr. Krats."
When Bucky saw this, he silently turned and went back to the basement. Instead of picking him up from school every day, playing games with him, and telling him stories to put him to bed, Mr. Krats could finally concentrate on his studies to save the world. How nice! It's all thanks to Paige and the magic of First Love.
"Tony, don't be a spoilsport. Look, the sororities are here today. Lots of beautiful girls are waiting to meet you." Benjamin whispered in Tony's ear.
"I know you lost your parents this year, and I thought it might be a good idea for you to spend Christmas in my home... I invited you, and now it doesn't seem like a good idea. You're not comfortable here." Kris said gloomily.
Steve's face continued to magnify in front of Tony's eyes. He could even feel his breath and feel his nose pressing against his own.
"Nobody dares bother me after you beat them. It's just that no one wants to get close to me. I can only be alone all day. If he teaches you, maybe he can teach me... Can you ask him?"
"Don't be funny, are you going to make me your slave by brainwashing me? A cruel tyrant, a lunatic with no bottom line." Tony swallowed his sympathy for Doom.
"Tony......" Steve raised his hand to grab him, but the Iron Man was gone in an instant. He raised his hand into a fist and hit the table.
"It looks like Avengers really have a survival class. I think I should apply for it." Said the Spider, munching on the chicken.
Decorated by Paige, the Magic Toy Shop had a lot of colors. She tied ribbons to the models and ornamented the shelves with shining stars. Steve put his painting in the show window of the shop. The decorations did help to attract some customers. Jarvis received them, none of whom realized that Jarvis is actually an Android.
"Never mind, I haven't been here long. Just in time to see Stark's new mansion." Replied Krats politely.
"I believe you, but I think you should believe me, too. You should have told me the truth when the cave fell in. You didn't come out. I was really worried..." Steve said to Tony.
The supporting heroes had arrived in Central Park. X-Men, Fantastic Four, Namor, Black Panther, Falcon... There also were plenty of street heroes Tony didn't recognize. Manhattan had the largest evacuation of people. Under the envelope of powerful energy, New York had become an island.
"We have a government contract to protect the safety of soldiers of the state. We are now a major government arms contractor, especially since Stark Industries is out of the arms business, which makes Bain vulnerable to terrorists." Bain lamented.
Steve was standing next to the fire hydrant. He split it open with his shield. A large amount of water gushed out. Then he used his shield to adjust the direction of the spray, directly into Electro. Electro short-circuited by the water, emitting a sizzling sound, falling to the ground.
"Actually, I think it's better this way." He held the picture up in the air and looked at it carefully. "It's a lot more lively with the addition of red. I love it. May I keep it?"
Tony's chest implant lit up again; His eyes slowly opened. Giant Man and Wasp were surrounding him. Steve, on the other hand, had already gone to the outer ring.
Ms. Canaan, Level A Contact: Our Board of Directors sees Starktron as a promising way of wireless communication that could lead to the future of humanity. You have my card, don't you? By the way, are you related to the famous late Tony Stark? You two look a little alike. You both have sweet smiles.
"She likes you, that's great. Could you please take care of her for me for a while? You know we haven't been able to hire anyone since the accident of her nanny Marilla, so we have to bring her to the party today." Crystal said.
"I have told the owner to mail the bill to Maria Foundation and informed the Foundation to send a special collateral damage team. They are on their way. You don't have to worry about it. Seriously, aren't you hungry after all this fighting?"
Clint never had such a strong desire to acquire superpowers. If he had Professor X's mind control, he could shut this guy up. He doesn't know how he's offended Tasha lately, has been sent on a mission with this guy.
"My sonic attacks can only temporarily dissociate him and contain him, but soon the electrostatic particles still accumulate, which is not the ultimate solution." Tony said.
On a sunny day like this, my grandson or granddaughter may bring me here in a wheelchair, let me move old bones, let me count the names on this black monument of those who fought alongside me, listen to my stories of the '40s again...
"He is a bit strange, but he must be a good man. He adopted you. Best of all, he was moving here so I can see you more often. Although you can't go to school with me. Why can't you come to school with me?”
"We're staying in touch. Theoretically, the storm won't cut off the Avengers communication system, but the signal might be a little bit affected."
“I know, Tony, I know all about it.” Steve smiled, held Tony in his arms and kissed him. "So don't dwell on it, just enjoy your birthday."
This was Doom's bedroom, and even now it was dark. Heavy curtains blocked out the light. Doom was sitting in a wide chair in front of the burning fireplace, his right silver gauntlet propped on his head, his feet crossed diagonally in front of the fireplace. He should have known that Tony was coming, but he seemed to have no intention of turning around. He just kept staring at the fire. Doom spoke, his voice still stiff through the changing sound of armor, like metal against something solid. But in response to the crackling of the fire, it was not so cold.
"It looks like a real person only. Mr. Krats built it to look after the shop, to clean, to cook, to secure, to chat... But at the moment all it seems to do is just chat, and its answers are baffling."
"After you saved me, it was a small deal. I could escape the assassination all because you told me on time that day."
Kris, I really haven't thought about her in a while. Tony adds in the memo: "Date Kris, priority 3."
The side on which Tony often slept was cold. With a rush of longing, Steve threw on a coat, got out of bed and headed toward the Avengers lab. He went through the iris security scan at the entrance to the lab, entered the password "0529" ten times, and finally opened the door.
"You are not the only teacher of mine. It’s Widow's skill." Tony was distracted by talking to Steve, the other man's bat came at him from behind. He heard the wind, ducked a little too slowly. The bat swept to his shoulder.
“Then why don't you ever go to church? "said another little boy. "His father was an alcoholic, and his mother was nowhere to be seen."
Maria left the cafe with her mother and Hansen who was their driver and bodyguard. She glanced back at the mustachioed uncle before leaving and finally smiled at him.
"Whiplash, no matter who your employer is, your act of hurting the innocent only for money is unjust." Steve fought and retreated, leading the Whiplash to Tony's direction.
He sat down on the doorstep, recovered his breath, quickly propped his slate on his lap, and pretended to be absorbed in his work, while in fact his eyes drifted from time to time to the south. He was waiting for her to show up, for the blonde girl to show up. She was coming... He caught a glimpse of her red figure, bent his head quickly to paint on the slate. He held on to the brush, trying not to shake his hands, which were now perspiration inside them and on his forehead.
Hank stroked Jane's hair, straightened it out, and said lovingly, "Jane, I know I've made a lot of mistakes, I hurt you before. But... Can we go back again? Would you give me another chance?"
"Also, as you already know, I only hacked into the Forever Crystals' system, so I can't keep in touch with you or send you back here at any time. You'll be on your own for a long time after you get over this time. You have to figure out how to live in those times, including financial needs."
"The picture?! You know... I thought... I looked for it for a long time afterwards. I thought they had destroyed it."
This was a building that Tony and Peter usually see. Tony sat on the top of the building, looking down on New York in 1997. 11 years, this city had changed a lot, but also seemed to have never changed. The night lights were still dim, even in the silence it also revealed restlessness and nervousness, noise and desire.
"If you get tired of standing, you should sit beside me." Bain continued to smile sideways at Iron Man.
"This is the parish church. It should be easy to find. This is the school... I am studying here. This is Hull's Grocery, and next to it is Rawls's Laundry... You just turn left here, and then right, and then two more blocks... Well, you won't get lost with this map." He smoothed out the map with his hands, folded it in four, and put it in the brown-haired boy's shirt pocket, carefully buttoning the pocket up. Then he remembered something important.
Tony ignored Doctor Octopus's cries, and turned away. Steve had been in the audience just now, did not intervene in the conversation between Tony and Dr. Octopus. Right now, he turned to leave after Tony.
‘I can't be on duty all the time. You're still on your own most of the time. So try to follow the original record of the quondam Earth, keep the direction, and don't go too far.’
"Tasha, we've found Hawkeye and Spider-Man, solved the magnetic turbulence in the Grand Canyon, on our way back.”
"Tony, you haven't been in the bathroom for a long time, and stink." Steve said as he pulled him into the bathroom. "And your beard is growing."
"Aha-ha, Captain America! Looks like you're the only Avenger on the stage today. I thought there were lots of Avengers."
"Yes, you told me about her." Peter went on repeating mechanically. The girl who was almost assassinated by Spymaster. Peter has some impressions.
"How could I be unhappy?! I'm glad, I'm satisfied, I'm definitely delighted." Peter parted from Tony, trying to force a smile through his tears.
"I swear, I really didn't. It's just that I accidentally destroyed the samples. We may have to do it again."
"You're amazing! There's been a lot going on lately, a lot going on inside the Avengers. We lost Cap, we lost Tony, we lost Thor, thanks to you, we got through it.
Tony stood up to hide the tears in his eyes. He put on his backpack, pressed the button and became Iron Man.
"Do you still remember the little gift I gave you? The little crystal that you used to transform energy. I have pre-loaded some data in it. So in this space, everyone will have new identities and new memories."
"I think you'd better let me out first? I can give you a hand." Said Spider-Man. Then he looked at the fallen guard, and added: "Or it's okay not to help you."
Until Jarvis disappeared around the corner, Tony followed Steve into the room. Steve's passionate kiss fell as the door closed behind Tony. But when Steve kissed Tony, Tony was absent-minded; when he unbuttoned his clothes, he was still absent-minded; when he touched him, he was still absent-minded...... Steve had to stop.
"The reason you pushed me into the bathroom was to come in, just like that day." Tony rested his head on Steve's shoulder as the warm water from the shower dripped over him. "Now I can wait for your next service."
Hawkeye's strategy was simple and pragmatic, with one acting as bait, directly letting the person behind the scenes walk from the dark to the light; the other one lurking behind, allowing the mercenaries to lead them directly to the secret base. In the dispute about who should be the bait, Spider-Man lost rock-paper-scissors, so he is here.
Tony had arranged their dinner with great care. He had already reserved a table at a fancy restaurant. Kris looked even more beautiful in the orange light. After a few glasses of champagne, Kris talked with a hint of wine. She chatted about her life in London, anecdotes about her modeling career, her family and friends.
Looking at the taxi going away, Spidy took a breath, stretched out his hands ready to launch the silk swing home to sleep.
Besides, my ‘old’ is not made up, it is accumulated from many battles. As you said, ‘age is not a mere addition’, right?" Steve returned a provocative look this time.
The prison door opened and Tony was thrown in. The man who threw him in laughed and said, "Little bug, give up, you don't need to wait for backup. Your fellows have come to join you."
Oh, My World! I put her in the middle of a pile of oxygen, helium, and nitrogen tanks! He flew into the attic immediately, but it all happened so fast... A loud bang, the whole attic exploded.
"According to my measurement of the distance between the vendor and the painter... His left shoulder against the ladder, and his right hand carrying the pail... The speed of the policeman was about... The first car distance was about... So the right time for me to knock over the cart was... Of course, since there was no sophisticated instrument to diagnose, so this was a rough calculation, the chance of his falling was only about 80 percent. I could only gamble. But we were lucky."
"The one you went to the island with last time for training. Don't you think he looks charming when he smiles? I wish I could have the luck you have."
No! The armor's invisibility was disabled! Tony was completely exposed to the cameras in the office.
"The Avengers are good people, great heroes, but you know some British are very conservative, they don't like outsiders... So... Is Iron Man in a lot of trouble?" Kris asked.
After dodging another attack from Electro, Tony told the system, "Concentrate all the energy on Uni-Beam. Fire!"
"It was horrible, it was raining all the time, my bones were drenched, I felt like I was going to be next door to Namor."
“Didn't anyone care if everyone in the Yorkshire Dales was saved? Didn't anyone mention we saved the whole train?" Tony stood up angrily.
"They all say that Peter and I sound a bit alike, but we're definitely not the same person, definitely not. Don't ask more, or it's too late. You guys gotta go, follow this road up and join Iron Man right here."
"I think you've got the wrong person. I'm an exchange student from London." Kris bowed her head in embarrassment. She thought, when I bail him out, I would kill this bastard.
“Don't let me see you again, you little bastards!” The policeman covered in paint was yelling at the two little bastards as they disappeared.
“I can get up by myself. "Tony leaned on his hands, rolled over, and staggered to his feet. “I'm going back to my room, don't help me, don't follow!"
"I have some faith in the fight art which I have taught you. You made no movement evasion; I knew that you did it on purpose. I left the podium to you to get those little tricks out of your sleeves, figured out how much you're hiding from me. You know it's hard to get that out of you. You never want to have a serious talk with ‘Old Man’."
"This is called 'principle'. We ‘headstrong idiots’ saved people like you, like countless times. This time as well." Tony wanted to be righteous in front of Captain America. "So, settle down in your prison. We'll do the rest."
"So, what do you want?" Tony asked. Since she said so, she certainly didn't want to make a big deal out of it. It's better to listen to her true intentions.
"It's spectacular, isn't it? Howard didn't spend less money on it. I can't believe it was built during the Great Depression. With weapons contracts from the Department of Defense, money never seems to be an issue for the Starks. This is my wife Elizabeth and this is my daughter Maria." Carbonell leaned over to introduce his wife and daughter.
When Tony slid back to meet Steve’s eyes, finally, he saw the reserve and restraint disappear in his face. He saw the fire in his eyes, saw the silver lining of his own mouth reflected in his eyes. So, Tony put out his tongue, turned around, licked the lining.
Garth, Professor Elden’s assistant, Level A Contact: Mr. Stark, we need to talk about your attendance and your paper. If you don't want to retake science next semester, you have to hand in your paper at the end of this week.
Peter, who was frozen, was eating the soup with his hands on the bowl, and the words "thank you" murmured.
This was the happiest time since Peter joined the Avengers. He suddenly thought it would be nice to be an Avenger, or even better, to team with Tony on a mission. But Tony will be dragged to his group by Captain nine out of ten. Saw the way the Captain was in a hurry today, Peter knew he wouldn't let Tony go to another team easily. The thought cast a shadow over Peter's good mood.
But... The kiss ended. The door opened. The moment they separated, Tony could still see the eagerness in Steve's eyes, his eagerness, and his own eagerness reflected in his eyes.
"Yeah, I lied. I've heard it a million times. I really can't imagine why my future self would do such a stupid thing."
But just as Tony was halfway through his cake, there was a flash of white light and his eyes blurred. When he opened his eyes, he was in a dark area. Tony knew where this was, and began to curse.
Tony flew to the village of Dent, at the bottom of the valley, where the population is the largest. The Pennine Mountains are by no means an earthquake-prone region, and mudslides are unheard of, so the villagers were in disarray, not knowing what to do, just screaming.
"You woke, Tony." A voice came out of the darkness. The detection device in Tony's armor immediately identified the voice's owner.
Spiderman was still talking, and Steve couldn't hear him. Something occurred to him, so he went back to Tony, who was absorbed in playing the game on his watch now.
"But...... But I want to wait for you there. Didn't we agree to grow up together?" Said Spider-Man scratching his head.
The train driver, who saw what was ahead, immediately pulled on his brakes, but the distance was too close and he was about to crash. Iron Man took off, pressed his gauntlets on the locomotive, activated his jet boots, and pushed the train backward. Spider-Man, who had jumped off Iron Man and onto the roof of the train, ran as fast as he could toward the back of the train. He let out his web and held the train on his feet. Ziiiiii... There were sparks on the tracks and the train stopped just in time. The driver of the train wiped off a cold sweat, while the sleeping passengers on the train tumbled to and fro from the emergency brake, not knowing that they had just had a brush with death.
"Besides, when he said there's a 100 percent chance of confirmation, the odds were about 80 percent or less." Steve recalled the scene at that time, and laughed again.
"Calm down, you calm down, let me check him." Giant Man pulled Tony out of Steve's clutches, laid him flat on the ground.
As the guard escorted Man-Bull to his cell, Tony turned to Steve next to him and said, "We should do a tally, count which group captured the most prisoners. I think the two of us will win."
“John, they're not good people. Those men with Italian accents are not nice people. Get a real job. The Great Depression is over. Everyone has gone to work."
"Is that so? I think there's been a misunderstanding. So to speak, Tony and I went way back. How could I have stolen from him?" There were clear hints in Bain's words.
On a black car parked a hundred meters away, Krats rolled up the window. He watched the girl in Steve's painting sitting next to him, watching their happy conversation, watching them walk away together. Bucky is not a fun company. Bucky is always late. Bucky is always busy. He didn't even have time to turn into Bucky today to come straight here. But suddenly he didn't need Bucky that much anymore.
When they finally sat down in front of the fire, Seth handed them hot soups. "There isn't much food left in the kitchen. I think you're all hungry."
Tears rolled in Tony's eyes... He had been with these people for less than a year, and many people who are going to support him have never lived before, but they had chosen to believe in him at this critical moment, and they had chosen to follow him.
"But I've always saved you, either of us." Tony put his arm around Steve's neck, looked up and gave him a kiss.
A hot line cuts through the ice hailstones shot to Steve. Ice slag scattered all over the ground. Then the Golden Armor Knight fell slowly down from the sky. Repulsion flames under his feet, and he hovered in front of Steve.
"One more thing, Cap." Tasha went over to Steve. "There was a lot going on, so I took over the leadership of the team. I think it's time to give it back to you."
"The whole world knows that Captain America never falls down. Captain America never makes mistakes." Tony said.
"We made so much noise, can't you find us? I admire you so much for your so-called well-trained agent skills." Spiderman just wanted to worship. I'm never going to team up with this unreliable guy again.
Steve sat on the garden steps in front of the school, unattracted by laughing children who passed him in twos and threes. He looked up from time to time. Bucky still hasn't come. Bucky had promised to go to school with him every morning, but he was almost always late. Steve didn't want to be late for school every day, so he gave up the promise. The only thing left was for him to walk home with him after school. Of course, Bucky was still often late, but he would show up eventually, so Steve kept waiting. He is really late today. The disappointment on Steve's face grew heavier. While he waited, Steve took his drawing board out of his bag as usual. He continued to paint the barrel-monster, which he had not finished the day before, and he planned to give it to Bucky when he was finished.
"The older version of that guy just cheated us recently, so it's good to be on guard." Hawkeye turned on the Avenger's ID card locator on the Quinjet.
"You can ask your good friend Spider-Man, he has visited several times, hasn't he?" Said Dr. Octopus sarcastically.
"It was so long ago. I kind of forgot." Peter scratched his head. That-Spiderman wasn't him. How could he know all of his actions?
"Thank you, Jarvis." Instead of taking the mug, Steve turned and hugged Jarvis. He held back all the tears that had come to his eyes.
A row of trees fell, and a number of potholes were smashed into the ground; Black smoke was still in many places. People who exercise early are not surprised to see these.
Steve leaned over. The whip came at him against the tarmac road. Steve rolled so fast that the whip did not hurt him. Tony was hiding under the car. A little paw stuck out of his gauntlet, clipped the whipping whip. It shrank back quickly before the electric light came. It was done without anyone knowing it.
“I know how you feel. We don't belong here, or we can only stay in the corner of this room." Said the girl.
"I should thank her. I am very happy to have her company." Said Peter, handing the sleeping girl over to her parents.
‘All right, all right, save the blonde angel, save the planet, he has to go to school, I get it. What's the sacrifice of a few brain cells in my genius brain, uh? ’
"I let him run. If I didn't let him get away, how could I trace who was behind him? 'Catching Ghost' was more than a joke. I knew they were sent by you, but I only believed the evidence. I let him run back, tracked his frequency and confirmed that his boss was you. "Tony said slightly, then he sarcastically.
After too many drinks and several sleepless nights, Tony wasn't paying attention when he got out of the car. He was trying to piece together his memories...
"Charles, look at what you've done. I told you not to try to mess with my brain. That anger and that hatred are parts of me. When I lose them, I lose myself." Said the man in black.
Steve was standing next to the fire hydrant. He split it open with his shield. A large amount of water gushed out. Then he used his shield to adjust the direction of the spray, directly into Electro. Electro short-circuited by the water, emitting a sizzling sound, falling to the ground.
"I hope his prediction comes true. I can get the money before the Avengers really close." Said Tony, tightening a screw. "Pete, do you want to work on Jet with me? I can tell you some secrets."
"Listening to what you said, I seem to be a little overprotected. I always treat him like a child." Steve shook his head, laughed at himself after hearing Thor's words.
The room became tense. No one dared to interrupt. Everyone looked at Iron Man, then at Captain America. Steve's face sank like water. He too stood up.
"You could say the Avengers evacuated Tony and Peter to some other safe place, and then we could come back later."
An hour later, they were frolicking in the water, and laughter pierced the quiet corner. Two hours later, they climbed out of the water, one after the other, and sat side by side on the dock in the summer sun.
Gentleman Tony pulled open the door and Kris got in. Then they left and went away with admiring glances.
Steve followed him back to the toy shop, down to the basement. He had never been in the basement, he had no idea how big it was, how many rooms it had.
Just as they were flying over the Grand Canyon, the Quinjet made a violent jolt and all the dials began to spin.
If only Bucky is here right now, sitting opposite me, he would say to me, "the monster just has a scary shell...", "You can't hide in a closet all your life..."
"Jarvis, finally, you came." Tony began to cry. "You warned me... You all reminded me of that... I shouldn't have been drinking... But I think you're all overreacting. I did it recklessly. I think I can control it, but I can't... I'm absolutely a bad seed. I'm him. No, I'm not him. I'm worse than him. Don't wait until 29, don't need Kang's corruption. I'm a murderer now..."
The rain kept falling, Tony's mood felt like it had been raining for days. He stood on the porch of the farmhouse, watching the rain trickle down the eaves.
Bain doesn't seem to know my true identity is Tony Stark. Otherwise, this woman is so good at acting that she can fool everyone. But anyway, my armor has no power at all now. The backup Spider-Man apparently did not receive my distress signal, otherwise it would not have been delayed so far. No matter how, I have to give up without a fight. It is better to buy the current account of this woman.
"You can use it any way you want. I've asked them to turn off the surveillance equipment in this room, so we don't have to fix it if you destroy it. And I have given orders. You will not be disturbed." Bain smiled charmingly.
"Don't move anything. Turn off the light. Have you heard of me? Don't touch anything, don't tell anyone, don't open the door for anyone. I'll be right there. When I get there, I'll manage."
What is the topic of that paper? Tony had completely forgotten about it. He added to the memo: Paper due by the end of the week, priority 5.
"Last time, you also praised my elevator shield, said it is very handsome and saved your life. Is your ideology broken now?"
Tony jumped through 20 messages from various investors, thinking that in the future he should build an A.I. to automatically handle all the boring business matters.
"I'm afraid my heavy shell will crush your delicate sofa." Tony made a joke that was not very funny. Then he adjusted the sound changer in his armor to make it sound more like a machine, to hide his restless heart.
Tony entered the mainframe room smoothly and connected to the mainframe. The calculation was done, and he turned page after page, his mind racing, analyzing... The helmet effectively hid the growing grimness on his face, but the eyes peeking out of it betrayed his rolling thoughts.
"Next, I'm going to make a few more calls." Said Krats to himself. "Sorry, Paige, but I've been Cupid once, I won't be again."
Tony quickly ducked past the rear attacker. The rear attacker lost balance, leaned forward, colliding with the front attacker. Tony had reached the side of him, kicked hard in his shin. He exclaimed, clasped crus, dropped to the ground.
"The good news is there's not much damage, just a few scratches on the wings. The bad news is that my armor is broken. No automatic diagnosis system. I need to check it myself. I can't fly."
"The meeting was closed. Let the elder brother take you to wander." Hawkeye put his arm around Spider-Man's shoulders and walked away.
He only wished that the punishment would begin soon. Because waiting for punishment scares him more than the punishment itself. Every minute seemed like a century.
"Avenger for a day, Avenger for a lifetime!" With his hammer raised, Thor shouted as he flew into the vortex.
"I have a few questions about the design for your new protective equipment. I'm in a hurry to ask you out today because the military is pressing for it." Carbonell said as he took out the blueprints from his suitcase.
"You've been getting some work from Zodiac lately, haven't you? I'd like to know some commission details."
"She spent two hours in the bathroom that day, and our entire apartment was smashing down the door. Before going downstairs, she said to me, 'Please, Melony, don't go back to the dorm until noon the next day.' As a result, I could only stay overnight at Arisa next door. Away from my beloved bed, I didn't sleep well all night. So, this meal is definitely on you, Kris."
"You are very generous. It looks very valuable." Mrs. Rogers looked down at the round shield put into her hand.
Tony said no words. He couldn't answer. When Meredith McCall became a vegetative state, he contacted Dr. Pym to help, but after that he didn't follow up. He didn't mean to, he was just too busy...busy upgrading armor, busy in science LABS, busy for university courses, busy joining Avenger missions and training, busy being hunted down... and... busy in Steve Dizzy...
The figures moved on, and the security guard in the hall fell asleep in his chair. They slipped lightly under his eyes.
Now and then Spiddy glanced at Hawkeye sitting nearby, and found that Hawkeye who had seen this scene showed anger in his eye.
Steve sat down beside Tony, lifted his hand and tried to touch Tony's head. But he paused, dropped it.
"But I lied. I still want to kiss you all the time." With that, Tony leaned in, and began the next long kiss.
By nightfall, the temperature in the Canyon was so low, Steve had built a bonfire next to the Quinjet. The crackling of wood burning echoing across the cliffs of the empty Canyon.
"Tony, this is how you're going to leave the Avengers again, to leave me again... You promised me... You promised me in Central Park..." There was a choking crack in Steve's voice, and finally he couldn't speak.
"You appreciate...? Are you kidding? Mr. Stark, When I woke up in this era, I had no one. Nothing. You gave me a purpose, somewhere to belong... You gave me a home..."
"Damn it, Steve. Because we have to bet more than the two of us, we have to bet too many people!" Tony raised his voice, then turned his eyes away again.
"No, it's not fair, plus, you have to take over and care of the man who once 'his man'." Said Spider-Man.
"No wonder Dr. Octopus quipped that we were a bunch of 'headstrong idiots'. I finally understand now, who is leading the charge."
The room was a bust, all the drawers were opened, the mattress cover was turned up, but the room was empty. He peered out at the door. There was nothing, but empty bottles and crumbs of glass on the floor. There was no one. His father was gone.
"What's the result of your analysis?" Tony, a scientist, is clearly interested too, so he pressed on.
"And I have an important plan today." With these words Krats took out his watch and looked at the time. "Oh, no. It seems that I've got to leave."
"How can that be? I'm satisfied. I won't leave for a minute now." Tony felt as though he had left the place, but his memory was a little dim. He ignored the dizziness and went on eating his' cake '.
"Can I keep this shield? I can help pay for it. I can help Mr. Krats brush beakers, organize lab materials, and clean up the toy shop. I can do all that."
"Yeah. I hope I can be as good as her and have her courage. Maybe it's not such a bad idea to look for superheroes."
I had a great time today and look forward to our next date. But the lab work is still waiting for me, so I'm going. I'll give you a call.
"He is already guarding you. He guards every child who is afraid." Bucky reached over and touched Steve's chest. "He's in your heart."
It was already dark, they crossed the National Mall, turned into a hidden path, walked slowly towards where the Quinjet was parked.
It was a quiet day at Avengers Mansion, no urgent tasks, no calls. Steve put down his paintbrush. It was already past midnight, perhaps too calm, so his thoughts stirred. He could not sleep.
"Wow, I know it pays to work for rich people. When can I get it? I've been putting off an important appointment to support you."
Only a handful of people were able to break Stark's multilayer encryption. The monitoring equipment has been completely destroyed. It will take a long time to repair the hard disk. Once the designs fall into the hands of the wicked, it will be a disastrous, and must be recovered quickly. Tony anxious thought, but he tried to calm himself down, thinking about this matter.
"You've let me down. I tried my best to devote myself to getting him out of the room, but you got nothing. "Bain said coldly.
"Is there such a lesson?! Why did I never take it? Can you deal with a bunch of killers outside after taking this course?"
Steve doesn't stay at his house very often, but he goes home every night so that he can see his mother. He earned some money from his job at the Magic Toy, which he secretly hid in a piggy bank under a floor in his home. There was a lot of cash there. He wished his mother would work less so that he could see her more often. One day he told his mother the secret.
"So, you're wearing armor this time, aren’t you? Don't you dare turn around now and take off your helmet and face me?"
"Serious warning. Never go into his lab. There's a lot of dangerous stuff there. Clean up the toy shop? I think he'll be fine with it."
"You see, he taught me at night, very late. That's the only time you get to see your mother, right?"
Tony didn't say anything. His answer was to turn around, walked over to Steve and took off Iron Man's helmet. The cold wind ruffled his dark hair, which had grown beyond his ears, and gave his cheeks a tinge of red. The childlike look on the 19-year-old's face was gone. There were no tears in his eyes now, only determination.
The Electro behind Tony staggered to his feet. Steve without looking, flew out of his shield, knocked him unconscious again. Then they continue to kiss each other.
Seth looked Tony up and down, stared. "Boy, if you dare to fail my sister, I'll give you a taste of my fists."
Hawkeye’s flashing arrows blinded the eyes of Flying Tiger. He hit the suddenly solidified vision, fainted. Hawkeye jumped down from a tree, tied him up with ropes. Vision beside him said nothing.
A black car pulled up at Rogers' house. The driver, wearing a gray striped cap, jumped out. He pulled open the door. A man with a moustache stepped out, carrying a sleeping blond child. The moustachioed man carried the child in one hand, and a round red, blue and white shield with a star in the middle in the other. He raised his shield hand and knocked on the door of Rogers’ house.
"Or maybe you should just give your genius brain a rest, and it may suddenly answer for itself." Steve rubbed Tony's hair.
"Peter, I didn't know I had to carry a handkerchief when I met you. What if I don't have my handkerchief today?" Tony was still joking.
“Yep, you're not as good as Thor when it comes to fashion. And didn't you say the vote would listen to me? That's five to zero."
The enthusiastic Wanda did not notice that tardy Vision had been watching her for a long time from the door.
Peter stood up and walked out of the restaurant. Tony wanted to run after him, but he looked around at the two girls. Melony, in particular, had a disappointed look on her face. He sat down again.
"Moreover, a peacekeeping operation in other countries' territory is politically sensitive. Even if we do it with all the official procedures in place, there is still a risk of local dissatisfaction and negative media coverage. These were just some of the stories that have been reported in local newspapers."
"You absolutely are. You have no idea how many free chocolates I've had as Krissy's roommate and how many crazy boys I've seen downstairs singing to her with guitars."
"This is Anthony Stark, this is Peter Parker, they're my friends from university." Kris said. "This is my brother Sebastian."
"Iron Man, you have to hurry them up. The energy of the turbulence is too strong, we can’t last very long." The voice of Cyclops came from the communication system built into the armor.
He had done this to women before. This was the first time he had done it to a man. It felt completely different. He could feel it swelling, stiffening, filling his mouth. He heard his breathing, and grew heavier. So, he changed the rhythm of his tongue and manipulated his desire. It satisfied Tony's deep desire to conquer, to be able to hold a strong man between his lips and tongue. Just this feeling of conquest stimulated his desire, setting him on fire with more enthusiasm.
‘Wait a minute, if I call you directly through my brain, can you get it? For example: Oh, Libra, can you pop into my head quickly and fulfill all my needs? I need to transform, I need to teleport, I need to eat ice cream.
"Ha-ha, no wonder we're always screwing up. We're a rookie superhero duo." Tony laughed. "In light of that, the old Spider-man has given up, you are Spider-Man, the only Spider-Man, just like I'm Iron Man, the only Iron Man. Good work or bad, we are unique. Plus, we are cleaning up the mess they left behind."
"I'll think about it. You've been the headline figure lately. Bain's overseas acquisitions were all covered by you on page 2. If I made a call to the press right now, I'd be on page 1."
Carbonell took out his little book and carefully wrote down Krats's answers. Krats glanced up at Maria from time to time. Maria shook her legs, pursed her mouth, and looked out the window. And from one moment to the next, Krats picked up his mustache and winked at Maria. But Maria wasn't buying it. Her mouth was pouty even more.
"I'm not interested." The golden-mask girl replied coldly and turned away. Hawkeye set his eyes on Hellcat.
"You hit the right point. I have the knowledge key of the cosmos, so our technology can work within the circle. No offense, I was the only one who could solve the situation."
Steve thought Tony would never ask him that question, but now he suddenly didn't know how to answer it.
Squeak... The door of the room was opened. He closed his eyes... He waited for the closet door to open, for the sting of the whip to fall on him. He trembled...
This is the Simulation training room at Avengers Mansion, but Avengers call it a "playroom." It was Tony's first time here, and Steve was already waiting inside. Tony with his new backpack, the strap crosses his chest, connects to his chest implant.
"So, you have to prove it. You have to prove that you're worth more than just in my bed." Gasped Bain.
"You were so awesome, didn't give up on the brothers." Benjamin Brennan, the President of the Rush Fraternity, came up and hugged Tony.
"Aha, captain, also wants to use the old way to deal with me. My new employer did a comprehensive upgrade of my equipment. Today is different. Tony Stark, you coward, hiding behind and just talking, letting someone else fight for you?"
“Well, well, don't need stress that you've been busy. You were shouting so loudly through the window. I've got your intention." As he spoke, Steve's shield easily held off another shot from Spymaster, who recoiled a few paces.
"Avengers Mansion, thank you. If you haven't seen me today, I'll give you twice as much." Tony said to the driver.
"That’s fine." Kris tried to hide her disappointment. "I think the weather is to blame. Let's go back to New York right after the New Year."
Steve shook his head, just as he had done that day, hopelessly wiped off the sleeping Tony, put him to bed. He knew this was going to happen.
Deuce! No more spider silk. I guess I'll have to call a taxi too, but... But I have no money. I can only walk back. It’s dawn when I go back this time. I knew I would ask him for transportation fees first... Spiddy thought, walking sadly in the opposite direction.
“I trust you, I can follow your plan, but you shouldn't keep it from me. You shouldn't try to take all the responsibility, try to solve all the problems on your own. Meanwhile, all I could do was just stand at the door of the lab and watch. "Steve said.
"You don't have to please everyone, Tony. It's just that you, as one of the founders of the Avengers, should be a little more careful and a little more sensible about things like that. So that the Avengers can... and I can..."
A dark-haired man sat in an armchair held up by a robotic arm in midair. Surrounding him were several monitoring screens. His hair was messy, his beard was sloppy, his blue eyes bloodshot and his gray baseball shirt smeared with oil. He propped his head on one hand and held up a gold mask in the other. He stared at the mask, muttered to himself.
"If we meet Hulk, let's run away. Until I built a Hulkbuster Armor, we had no chance at all. And who's lost this time?"
He was able to protect so many people. He protected so many people. It seems like I have to wait to be rescued every day. How much of his corruption could be blamed on himself? The other side surpassed our present human technology level too much. Every day he faced great temptations; Every day he struggled to resist them. Look at me now. I haven't done half as well as he did in similar situations." Tony said gloomily.
"You let his whip sweep under the car where I am hiding. But don't let it get through to blow me up."
"Aha..." Tony was happy again, his depression was gone. He would have kissed the girl in front of him if he hadn't been in such a mess.
"Going to D.C. with Tony to deal with some private matters, being held up by the local police, etc."
Namor, Bucky, and other old teammates-in-arms may visit us frequently. We would gather together to eat the specialty dishes handed down by Peggy’s grandmother, sing old battlefield songs, reminisce, tell the stories of the battles, until my kids got bored, and then tell them to my grandchildren... Until they listened impatiently too.
Hank dragged Thor aside to talk, while Jane continued to join in the conversation between Steve and Tony.
"No Bruce, only Hulk." Hulk turned to look at Iron Man. Being stared at such close range by the Hulk sent shivers down Tony's spine.
"And maybe to build some snowmen, and Jarvis's Christmas Eve dinner, and to beat up some bad guys who rob children of Christmas presents, and..."
"Nonsense, you'll be fine even if I put on my armor and jump up. At the moment, you're supposed to say, 'Welcome back, Tony.'"
"Don't even think about it. I'm not going to follow you blindly in the thousands of kilometers Canyon."
"After the tragedy just now? You instructed me to use your watch to turn on the locator. You know the result. I'm not sure you can direct me to any bottle or jar you want."
"Tony..." Tony's joke didn't make Steve laugh. "We couldn't hide forever. Try to hit his head. I just hit him hard."
"I'm not, I'm... No, I've done worse things, I've made worse mistakes, and I'm making a mistake right now... Tony... I...You know, I..." A long pause.
"I think I should just stick to my old ways, study the ninja's footprints and trace them to your cave."
He was so absorbed in his food that he didn't notice that Steve was actually watching him all the time. When Tony finished eating, looking at the person next to him, he found that Steve hardly took a few bites of the ice cream in his hand. The white melted cream dripped onto his hand, forming a white curve. Without even thinking about it, he reached over, licked the melt marks. He ran along his fingers and licked the ice cream on his hand.
That's interesting. Maybe Peter found an opening. Tony adds in the memo: Contact Spider-Man, priority 4.
"Me too. I should take your companion at his word. Those maskers don't look like good guys." The policeman who escorted them quickly apologized.
"That's different. He's my father, and he's more terrible than they are, more terrible than anyone else in the world... He... I don't know why, I don't know, I... I was just too timid."
He turned his head sideways, started biting Steve's earlobe. "Kiss me... hug me, touch me and... Fuck me... Don't you want me? You've been thinking about that since the rainy day, haven't you?"
Tony didn't have to look. Steve must be smiling now. Something suddenly dawned on him in his confused mind: he knew his body, he knew every inch of it, he knew every position that aroused him, he could even apply force with precision. He handled it as skillfully as he handled his shield, because he had handled it countless times, because they had sex countless times. So, from the very beginning, I was manipulated by him. I was lured by him into the net he had woven. The clothes full of his taste that he handed to me on that rainy day; The vague flick in the playroom; The belated kiss at the emergency room door; Even yesterday in Central Park, he might have deliberately lost to me...
Steve was feeling some ‘happy ending’ at this point tonight, but he knew it wouldn't be ‘the end’ of him and Tony. Because Tony's stupid. He's always stupid. There is no way he could stop his foolishness. The only way is to find out the card in his genius's head before he does folly, so that he can protect him and not lose him again. Steve can't compare which Tony he loves more, but there is only one Tony in his life.
"The history of our brotherhood is full of glory, and your mind will help us continue that glory." Benjamin went on. While a scream came from downstairs.
"Well, what can I get here?" Tony muttered to himself, glancing quickly around the small fast-food restaurant. Coffee maker, microwave oven, a bunch of metal cutlery. Finally, his eyes fell on the old computer.
"Whiplash, your wife is not present today. All you have to do is say who's behind it. We can offer you witness protection, your whole family."
At this point, Tony's story will go in two directions with two epilogues: Epilogue 1 will follow the older-version-Tony into the story of "Heroes Rebirth", along the path of 616 Earth history; epilogue 2 will follow the younger-version-Tony into a new parallel universe with no clear direction. I have outlined both lines so far. It's a very, very long story. And how much and how kind can be written by me, actually depends on Tony's wishes, on how far Tony takes me. His Epiphany usually leaves me reworking my routine. I've learned this throughout the writing of Tony 19. I am just his recorder, am I?
"No, I'm not. He's an exception. I've always fancy and been attracted by women. I think he did, too. I mean That-Tony. Bain should have been his old flame. We both have the same taste.”
"It's also bad news. We must penetrate its armor before we can carry out our original plan. Its armor is created by dark psychic forces, which constantly absorb the psychic forces of crowd around it for energy, forming a protective shield around it."
Steve was not part of the jubilation. He was standing at the window, mug in hand, staring at the gate. It has been snowing in New York for several days, and snow was still floating outside the window at this time. Tony never liked Christmas. He said it was all for tricked children. But he would come back every Christmas Eve, no matter where he was. It was inevitable that a few bad guys would trouble them during the holidays. But they always spent Christmas together and welcomed the New Year. It was not a convention; it was just a default.
"I want to go to a distant place, too. I'm not looking for superheroes. I just want to be far away. Get out of the block, get out of the city, get out of the country, drift across the ocean in a boat. But my brother always says that girls shouldn't go too far away, it's not safe."
After Tony shouted, he recorded the passage on tape and played it in a loop. Then he flew back to the village where some of the buildings had collapsed. Luckily it was Christmas and many people had not slept because of the party, so they ran to the square immediately after the earthquake. But there were still people buried under collapsed buildings. Tony turned on an infrared scanner on the armor to locate the lives buried beneath the collapsed buildings. He joined the remaining police and fire crews. With a clear location, the rescue effort was much faster.
"Seth, even though he looks tough, is actually a good brother. Elise was only two months old when our father died. Our mother was devastated at that time. Seth took care of the family all by himself. He gave up college for us. You know, he's just a little overprotective of me. I hope you don't mind if he's mean to you."
"Time is an organic organism. Like all living organisms, it has been metabolizing itself every day, repairing the cracks in time and space, but the wound caused by your time travel is too serious for it to repair, and that's why it keeps generating visions. With enough energy, it can be repaired."
Tony felt seduced by Bain's actions. The moment she approached him, Tony's heart raced with the faint scent of her. Unlike the innocent, unsophisticated girls he had dated before, she exuded the charm of a mature woman.
"You mistake me for him again. But I think I can make it if I'm stuck in a cave. But then again, I would never have been trapped in a cave. Selling weapons is a stupid way to make money and getting caught by terrorists for providing follow-up services is just stupid on top of stupid, and caused Professor Yinsen to die. Besides, do I really need armor to get out? I have studied the data at the time, and now I have at least three escape plans in my mind. Is this person we are talking about really a genius?" Tony said a little crossly.
"So, the current situation is that you are immune to poison but you don’t have armor, which means you can’t fight, and those fighters are not immune to poison. It's over, it's over."
That was the first time I called him Tony. Am I really naive? For so many years, I haven't thought about Iron Man and Tony Stark are the same one. Perhaps deep in my heart, I have known for a long time, the person who fought side by side with me and the person who gave me a home are the same one. And the Tony Stark whom I just saw off is him or not really matters? Anyway, there's only one Tony Stark, and only one Tony lives in my life.
"In fact, before he left, he asked me to tell you that he was sorry he couldn't handle it better, he hurt you."
Peter spent the rest of the evening taking care of the kid and switching music. Until Cap came up, handed him an old disc, asked him to play an old song, a love song from the '40s. Peter hesitated for a moment. He didn’t know why he wanted an excuse to refuse, but any excuse didn’t come into his mind in time, so he put the disc on the phonograph.
"You're becoming more and more honest like this time, Tony." Steve gave Tony a rewarding kiss, and his hand slid down an extra inch. This action roused Tony to a more violent shudder, and the chest implant flashed continually, exposing his owner's longing. It made his other half of the IQ was not on duty, let him lose the ability to think and the logic of language expression. He allowed himself to rise and fall, fall in his bosom; fall in the desire.
"You can take advantage of this opportunity to find Zodiac to pay for it." Said Tony tentatively, joking.
Taking a break from superhero life and family responsibilities makes him so grumpy that he basically shuts himself up in an underground lab every day without seeing any old friends who come to visit. If it is accidentally broken into by the children, he will lose his temper, blow his beard and stare. Mark 1 will burst into tears; Mark 2 will hide behind me in terror. It’s hard for me to coax Tony well. Our whole family will be on the street about once every year or so, because one of his experiments blew our house up...
At this time of year there was a Yule Ball at the Stark Mansion. The Stark family would invite all sorts of New York celebrities. Dressed in a black tuxedo and bow tie, young Tony's bristling hair was combed smoothly back, and every visitor who arrived was almost tempted to pinch his cheek. But Tony soon lost his presence at the crowded party, where his parents were always too busy socializing. Tony would fall asleep in a corner and wake up the next day in his room, probably to be carried back by Jarvis. So, Tony never liked Christmas. This was Tony's first Christmas without his parents, without the Yule Ball, without the lights of Stark's old Mansion, and without snow.
"Wait a minute, I'm a little familiar with the stuff you're talking about. It does not create parallel universes through time travel... That little gift Doom gave me, a little shard of crystal, was that what it came from? If a single fragment of it is so powerful, then the whole crystal... I can't believe you got this crazy thing that has no limit!"
There was a huge line of children in front of the truck. Tony stood out a little awkwardly at the end of the line. Soon he was getting impatient.
"I know. Iron Man's identity is a secret. He's just Tony Stark's bodyguard. So, does it seem a little weird, Tony Stark is dead, his bodyguard is still flying around? How are you going to explain it to the public and the press when I fix my armor, end the ban, and go to task?"
"It doesn't matter if it's iron or not iron. There's nothing alive in front of my high voltage." With these words, Electro sent out a high voltage to them again.
Tony's armor had not yet been repaired. The only thing he could use was a pair of gauntlets, which he carried with himself. He used the power of the gauntlets to activate the detection equipment. An unknown force field interfered with all transmission lines. New York City was covered by a black barrier. Meanwhile, signals of alien technology were sent out in the sewer. Tony followed the signal source and groped his way through the sewer to the exit. A small Zodiac airship was in front of him. Thor and Steve were fighting heartily with a bunch of Zodiac agents. Tony pulled on his gloves and fired repulsors, clearing the way for them.
"That's why I said you were stupid, and Doom saw a future far beyond you. You might be able to stop this crisis by going back, but what about the next one, and the one after that? I hate to say it, but this planet has to have Tony Stark."
Professor Elden's house turned into an igloo. By the time they arrived and found her, she was an ice sculpture. Tony sent her to the hospital.
External defense breached. 58% of the power left. System data was displayed in front of Tony's eyes.
As soon as Tony's back was covered with the sheets, the Avengers ID card rung. Tony tried to concentrate. He seemed to put the card in his jeans pocket. Around the bed, their clothes were jumbled together, a little difficult to identify. Found it, on the right side of the bed at the foot, the card did not light. That is, Steve's card is ringing. Tony continued to look around the room, trying to find his logical mind. Where would Steve put the card? Yes, on the bedside table on my side. Tony quickly leaned, reached for it with his left hand. But Steve was one step ahead of him, skipping over his bare chest, grabbing it. Steve answered the card and gave him a silent gesture.
"Don't walk so fast," said Bain, standing up, swaying at Iron Man, pulling him down. She leaned her hips on the table, put the wine glass on top, and spoke slowly in a seductive voice.
"If Tony is still in," Jane sighed, "I mean That-Tony, pursuing high-tech weapons is his stage, maybe Hank can help."
"I was actually trying to steal a date with a man in the barn without Seth watching me." Kris said, charmed.
"What can you learn from Cap's Scouting class? This is my survival experience of wandering the world for many years. Instead of learning from him learning from him, it is better to let the elder brother take you.
‘Relax. I'm not going to snoop on your life all the time. I'll intervene only when I'm alerted that your actions are causing serious time turbulence. Given that we've just stabilized this timeline, you'll just have to live with this little inconvenience if you don't want to cause more space-time collapse.’
"I think today just proved that I can protect myself without armor. And what happened today made me think about how to carry my armor with me to solve this kind of 'Superhero Daily' problem. I have a couple of plans right now. And if I encounter hard guys like Whiplash, I don't think it can be solved by learning three punches and two kicks."
"Mine freond, se hof is fylle todage, ne eald mal breahtm. (My friend, the hall is a little cold today, no old feasting noise)." Thor was sitting next to Steve.
Thinking of his high-profile announcement of this "secret" just now, Tony blushed. He tried to cover up his embarrassment by changing the subject quickly.
Mr. Sanchez, Level A Contact: Mr. Stark, we are very interested in your Starktron project. You can set up A time to talk more about it.
"Honey, you know I have never caught a cold." Steve smiled tenderly and kissed his wife on the cheek.
"Looks like I'm not the one who needs to surrender." A whip light rolled on Steve again. Steve got out of the way.
"Even a rookie burglar like me, breaking into Bain, I will choose around 2 a.m." Tony made a habit of answering his own questions.
"Finally, you speak. Calling yourself in the third person, aren't you afraid of logic snafu that causes your program to crash". Said Tony sarcastically.
"One more thing, would you tell me your name? I mean, if you get lost and can't find me, or if you lose the map, I know your name, I can still find you. I'm not afraid of the long way... I'm not afraid..."
Is there a party at Avengers Mansion today? What does Jarvis prepare for everyone during his busy day? Is it snowing in New York now? And… will he miss me?
"Peter, If we take a boat, I think New York will be a snowy mountain by the time we get there. Flying back by armor may catch them and dig them out of the snow in time."
But I must calm down. Steve told himself. There's no blood. They just tied them up. Ninjutsu, though ingenious, is not untraceable. Just follow their footprints, I will find him.
"I know..." Steve put up a hand and stroked Tony's blushing face, then his joking tone returned. "It's not that it can't be the other way around, it's that your recovery is slow, it will affect the Avengers' mission, your homework, your invention, the progress of human civilization and so on, and the most important thing-- making money for our family. You see, I'm still waiting to be fed by you... And the benefits of Super Soldier Serum keep me from having that problem at all."
"I'd like to think you've seen our smart defense system firsthand on your trip. In my opinion, this incident can also be fully explained by the fact that Stark Enterprises used the stolen old designs as an excuse to steal Bain’s new technology. Especially after Tony Stark's death, it is difficult to keep the business going, isn’t it? Are you already talking about a merger with Fujikawa in Japan?" Said Bain. She slid her fingers on her upturned legs. Her long scarlet fingernails, paired with flesh-colored stockings, made her look more enchanting in the dark light.
In addition to ninjas along the way, there are some people with red masks. These ninjas may belong to The Hand in Japan, and they are more likely to be hired killers. It’s not known whether the one who hired these killers was the same one who had hired Whiplash. But then Tony dropped the speculation. They were obviously not after him, or he would be dead by now. The men in the red masks, whom Tony did recognize, Zodiac agents. Not long ago, they made the black circle of New York City.
"Actually, we didn't really hook up, not wholly hooked up, I mean he and me...... not I didn't want to, just..."
At the time when they had been chatting, Tony's body had warmed up again with the little stroke, hardened underneath, and the fluid of desire had dripped down upon him, bringing more damp cravings.
"To save me? Well, I was sort of saved by accident. But aren't you supposed to have a sidekick called War Machine?"
When Krats came out of the basement, Jarvis was already waiting outside, some clothes in his arms. He put on his overcoat, hat, and stick.
"What the hell the weather is." Seth led the way with a lantern, Kris walking beside him, Tony and Peter behind them. They plodded along the muddy farm road.
A shadow, along with the slick accent, blocked the light from the sunset. The voice... Steve stood up impatiently and threw his arms around the person in front of him. He knocked over the paint, the board, and the brushes.
Not good! A sniper zeroed in on Tony! Steve’s shield flew directly towards Tony. Tony was stunned. But the shield folded, crossed Tony, knocked down the sniper behind him.
"Believe me, this is not fate, this is a struggle against fate. This time, I will be reborn by your side, and he, you will never meet him. Go to sleep, Tony. When you wake up again, it will be a whole new day."
"Blah-Blah, your philosophy of the balance of universes. Then what's the point of getting me out of there? If I could only be trapped in this outside dimensional space."
"Yes, you didn't mean it. But after she became a vegetable state, you left her in the hospital. Do you ever think of her?"
"On the way, we passed 12 common dwarf shrubs between 50-55 cm, 15 shrubs between 60-65 cm, and after that are 70-80 cm shrubs, I did not remember the quantity. On the way, I turned left three times, right five times, and left twice, right three times... Then it got dark, and I couldn't measure the height of the bushes."
Steve wasn't asleep. The sound of Iron Man's jet boots landing three hours earlier had already signaled "he's back." He pricked up his ears, listening closely to Tony's every movement. He chatted with Jarvis on the porch for a moment, and then ate a late-night snack in the dining room that Jarvis had prepared for him. He told jokes, amused Jarvis who has always been professional and serious. The soundproofing of the mansion was modified by That-Tony. Even though Steve's superserum had heightened his senses, he could only hear intermittent conversation. Then the door of the armor storage opened, then closed. Tony was supposed to recharge his chest implant. Spending hours a day recharging it always makes Tony cranky. To save time, Tony has incorporated various life functions into his armor so that he can complete chores during the flight.
Thirty minutes later, Tony was on the old man's back enjoying the afterglow of the orgasm. He didn't want to leave his body just yet, and he was going to keep the night going. He was going to do everything he wanted tonight. He had already thought about what to do next, this way, and that way... Just imagining these pictures made Tony tremble with excitement.
Though he covered his ears tightly, the sound of his mother's sobs reached his ears. They were arguing.
"That's nothing compared to what you've done for me. You saved my life twice. So anyway, let me find a way to thank you. But, you're always so busy..." Kris said, hanging her head.
"I was sleeping on the train," said a middle-aged, brown-haired man with a thick Yorkshire accent, lying in his hospital bed. "I had no idea what was happening. The train stopped suddenly and I was thrown straight out. My arm was broken and I couldn’t work for three months." He raised his bandaged arm.
"Get clothes from the dry cleaners for the crazy old man editor of the Daily Bugle, if you call this a date, you have a great taste."
Tony, calm down. You can handle it. You're not 19, and he's only 12. You have to do what you have to do. He's counting on you. He needs you. You must protect him. You must... No matter what the cost. His shaving hand trembled and blood flowed from his chin. The hell! I am dying for a drink. Damn it, Steve.
Frostbite hasn't figured out what's happened, has been hit hard on the neck. He leaned a little, got a little dizzy.
"I'm fine. I've found their device, trying to get rid of the magnetic confusion in this area. I blew up the hole so the Zodiac agents wouldn't interfere." Tony answered.
A dark and high wind night, several black figures, light around the museum roof searchlight, through the skylight of the museum, jumped into the museum. The alarm device around the skylight did not go off."
"When all Earth tech in New York City went out of business, the mainframe of my lab was still running, and I was the only one who recorded the data." Said Doctor Octopus proudly.
"Steve, are you having nightmares again?" Peggy gently wiped the sweat from Steve's forehead, smoothed out his sweaty hair.
"I was the driver of the train. He suddenly appeared in front of me and completely blocked my vision. I couldn't see what was going on and had to brake sharply. If it wasn't for his presence, I could definitely see the rocks on the track ahead and deal with them in time, which would not have injured many passengers at all."
Forget it, good news first. I have already found out all the ins and outs of this guy. This Silly-Ice Face's real name is Sloane Elden. He's a cryonics scientist who runs a private institution called the "Future of Humanity", such as that. It's funded by people who are dying. Want to listen to my point? Dying people. Call it "Future of Humanity", really ironic, Aha. The slogan of this organization is' being immortal ', but it's just propaganda. It's actually freezing rich people who are dying, turning them into Popsicles. They hope after 40 or 400 years, with the help of future technology, may wake up, be cured, then they'll be rich and richer, make money and more money... What a great pursuit! In fact, it is quite a low-end technology. I feel like 10 years ago I wrote a paper about demonstration on the Theory of Irreversibility of Human Frozen Cells, even now there are still people doing this. Rich people are so easy. Say so, you are a special case, Old Popsicle, because you have super serum, which means you've been converted, your cells can repair themselves at extremely low temperatures... It seems I need to study deeply."
"First of all, it is an uninhabited island, so there should be no problem. Second, if it happens, it will be a real action. Besides, you're not the only one in this training. She's going to be in it, too."
Wait, I found her address... Anyway, I had to take the risk of being recognized, if I guessed right...Oh, silly me, I can put on my armor now, so that means no need to be worried. Let's go!"
"Listen, there is only one way right now. I will put the filter in my chest into a mask for you, and you will be immune to his poison."
"Well, I know all about it. But I had a hard time finding it. You made it tough for an old man. You're a lot more stubborn than I am, since I'm the Old Man. But through today I learned a lesson that kissing you is much simpler than convincing you. Do you agree to listen to me now?”
Tony walked over to Wanda, squatted down in front of her. Wanda, still in her grief, held Vision and wept.
Tony stood by her bed, looking mournfully at the woman whom he had once loved and still admired lying lifeless.
Tony didn't want to admit that Doom was right. He decided to stop pushing Doom with words. After all, he was the one who wanted something today. Tony followed the guiding robot through the castle's winding corridors. The robot pushed open the door and stood beside it. Tony went through the door and it closed behind him.
"Vision, your first work in art since you were reborn! That... Well, its symmetry is perfect. You're very artistic... After-talent. I will certainly put it in my room."
Country Dad could be my life, but it shouldn't be Tony's. He's a knight in shining armor, he's a flame in the sky, he'd rather bleed to death on the battlefield than rot in the Promised Land. When he can't burn, when he can't fly, he can't be happy. I can catch the knight in the sky, but I should never lock him in a castle.
He is such a coward! He ran away again. When we meet again, he will pretend that nothing has happened, that he is a thoughtful, comfortable, considerate, steady, kind captain and mentor. I will feel that it was all an illusion, again!
"Many years. Not long ago, my super soldier serum went wrong. My body was rapidly aging. He awakened me from a coma, made me wear armor, so that I could fight in the last moments of my life. Fulfilled a veteran's last wish to die in battle."
When Tony turned to the third to last page, there was a single line in the dense code. Not code, not numbers, not symbols, but a line of text. Tony caught it.
It was already light when Tony came back from the bathroom. He looked at Peter huddled up in bed, fast asleep. He pulled another blanket over him. Then he took out the draft for Spider Armor, sat down at the desk, working on it by the faint morning light.
Mr. Sanchez, Level A Contact: Mr. Stark, we are very interested in your Starktron project. You can set up a time to talk more about it.
"It isn't just 1930. You need to make the new connections solid and the entire timeline basically repaired."
Tony ran through the crowd streaming out of the front door of the burning building, was looking for... Red sports car, red sports car, not this one, not this one... Got it! He grabbed his backpack, ran to the stairwell of a villa opposite, put it on his back, and pressed the button across his chest, which connected to the implant in his chest. The armor unfolded.
"Oh my God, I can't watch this anymore. My eyes are going to swell like peaches. We've already agreed. Is that all right? Cap, why didn't you tell him at the beginning? You've been standing in the cold wind for half an hour. You're freezing my goose bumps off the floor." Hawkeye rolled his eyes and came through the back door. "Ouch! Tasha, don't kick me."
"Tony?"Steve opened his eyes in a blur. He blinked several times, trying to make out who was in front of him. He did not know whether he had seen him in a dream or in reality.
Iron Man's shouts and his jet boots roared at the same time. Peter watched the red flame disappear into the sky.
After an unknown amount of time, the pain did not appear. He has gone numb from the waist down. Again, he listened. There was no sound outside. He tentatively pushed open the closet door and crawled out...
"Oh, I miss it..." Tony looked into Steve's eyes, there was a long pause, and then he was joking again.
Short-brown hair fluttered before his eyes in the midsummer sun. He followed him through road after road. The wind in his ears... He ran hard to catch up with him... Although as hard as he could, he ran slower and slower. He began to wheeze and his vision blurred. The short brown hair fluttered before his eyes seemed to recur.
“Actually, I just wanted to ask, everyone is a team of two, why only Cap is a team of one, but Black Widow agreed."
Everyone looked at each other. Nothing happened. It was awkward. Tony rushed to the trolley. He knelt down and lifted the cover of it. There was nothing under it.
A disheveled blonde woman opened the door and came out. She wore a dark dress and a white apron. Her age was not apparent in the dim light of the porch light, but to judge by the contouring of her face, she should have been a beauty in her youth. Though she looked tired, she still put on a smile and talked politely to the moustachioed man.
One of the officers picked up a pager: "Six people are injured 1800 yards left on the National Mall, please send an ambulance. Two suspects have been arrested."
"I can go with you." After recovering from the loss, Steve dragged Tony. He doesn't want to separate now.
Iron Man used to be Stark’s bodyguard, and was still active after Tony Stark’s death. His old club, Stark Enterprise, has now been acquired by Japan's Fujika. Industry insiders called this Iron Man's operation a rescue, which was actually a publicity for the Japanese capital, and predicted that Fujika would pour large sums of money into the UK after that. Square Mile people have been on edge...
When Krats arrived at the Rogers house, the house was dark. Very well, Mrs. Rogers must have turned off the lights at his instruction. He tapped the door three times with his stick, just as they had agreed. Mrs. Rogers opened the door. She was in her nightgown, pale and trembling. Krats went in and the door closed behind him. He rolled up his sleeve and triggered his watch. A flash of light pierced the darkness.
Iron Man was not seen again at the Avengers Mansion for several days. But the Avengers Mansion received a surprise visitor. The Avengers, having finished their superhero daily, came into the mansion and opened the door. They found a man sitting in the middle of the living room with an anxious look on his face.
"No, of course not. I think you're very sincere, very true, very brave." Tony took Kris's other hand, which was on the table. Tony already knew everything Kris had told him. But he knows when to show surprise.
"Of course, you don't need to, because anything you know now doesn't matter, does it? That's why you came to see me today, isn't it? Run back to the past. In order not to affect your own future, you need me to help you erase the memory of this period of time, right?"
"I don't want to talk about it privately right now." Tony stressed the word "private" and knocked Steve's hand off his shoulder.
"Fix the fire hydrant first. Got it!" Tony sent out a repulsor, welded the hydrant, and stopped the water flowing.
"Nice to meet you... Thank you for saving me, teaching me to swim, not dislike me, also willing to, willing to accompany me...... That really means a lot to me..."
"Yeah, it was at the end of my life, or at least I thought it would be the end of my life. All I could think of at that moment was him. But he was not with me at that moment. There were so many things I regretted, so many things I wanted to tell him, but I could never say them... But God gave me a second chance. I didn't die. Sharon made a deal with Red Skull, and saved me. When I solved the Red Skull thing, I went to find him, and found that he was no longer himself. I traveled to 10 years ago, found you, wanted to stop him, save him, let you wake him up... But everything was too late, he finally died in my arms. And you know the rest."
"I think this place is a little crowded, it's too hot, anyone wants a cold drink, I remember there was a little fridge in the Jet." Spiddy tried to cool the place down, but apparently to no avail.
Tony didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this time, or how to defend himself. Peter chose to bury himself in the soup and pretend not to hear.
Not long after that, in the middle of the night, his father woke Steve from his sleep by shouting abuse. He was afraid. Indeed, he was always afraid when he heard his father's voice, and he was even more afraid when he was angry. He didn't know if he was annoying him again. He got out of bed and hid in the closet as usual. He curled up, covered his ears, prayed that he would hurry away, that it would be over.
"Another thing, do you mean I'll fuck you from now on, don't you? And not the other way around... ?"
"It wasn't his fault. He didn't start the fire. He was one man, and he had to save so many people. Is everybody okay? Oh, Tony, your arm."
"I don't need you to tell me." Tasha gave a little smile. "It's just that there are other things I need to do, and I need some alone time. You can also interpret it as a spy who doesn't want to be out in the sun all the time. I have no doubt Tony will bring us back and you will bring us back. So I hope it will be you who will shout out those words, the Avenger's eternal vow, at this special time."
"Well, guys, there's still time to backtrack, but that's all that's left for. All who have traveled in time or hyperspace enter that vortex now. Come on, come on, Time-travel is Super Hero 101." Cried Tony.
“His moral standards are scary. If I step out of line or hide something from him, he'll catch me and nag it forever. You know, the last time we were in Washington..." Tony began to tell Peter about the incident in Washington.
"A crystal that gathers all space-time energy can link all parallel universes and control all timelines."
"Look, we're not that different. Because that's what I said." Said Doctor Octopus. "But then they brought up the New York City thing. You know that dimension black circle in New York City a few months ago. Because the power outage also badly damaged my lab. But you, Avengers are always the heroes after the event."
"Peter, maybe you should consider moving into Avengers Mansion. Many Avengers live there. Although Avengers are not subsidized now, at least board and apartment are still free. You can save a lot of money."
"It's raining hard and the barn is getting cold. Let's go back. Seth's Christmas Eve dinner should be ready. Try it. I guarantee you'll want it again next Christmas." Kris said.
“Because of the quake, Zzzz... Boulders rolled down, Zzzz... Evacuate people to the higher slope... Zzzz, the specific location is... Did you hear me?"
Hearing this, the mercenaries and Zodiac agents who had just been fighting with them stopped and ran for the exit in a rush.
"You know, good dependable men are difficult to find these days." Peter joked back. "You've been missing for a long time, everyone's been worried about you, and I... I was worried about you."
"Well, you Avengers have been responsible for more than half the crises on earth." Doom said with a sneer.
"He's just busy, busy looking at the shop, which is always busy." Steve made up an excuse for Bucky being late.
The sunrise in the Grand Canyon was so beautiful, everything was dyed red, including the man sleeping next to him. Steve couldn't help looking at him for a long time. When Tony rolled over, half awake, opened his eyes, he was greeted with a long kiss.
"I'm sorry." Peter folded up his armor. Then he hugged Tony again. "Thanks, Tony, I don't know, I don't know what to say..."
"What's in it for you?" But Tony was immediately suspicious of Doom's intentions. After all, this was Doom, a villain with a very evil name.
"If you must mention our agreement, you promised to listen to me at this time." Steve cupped Tony's head in his hands, made his eyes look at him again, only at him, and then he kissed him hard. God knows, he should have done it against all eyes, against his Captain America identity, from the moment he saw him again. Then he waited so long that he almost missed him once more.
Tony, I've done everything I can. The rest is up to you. You'd better sort this out soon. Steve thought as he stepped up to the Jet.
"I know that feeling, I've been there. It's just that the looks I cast are no longer being answered. How long can you hold on if someone you love no longer has an emotional connection to you?" Actually, it is Wanda's self-deprecating rhetorical question.
"We've always been a family, Jane, always. We will always come back even if we get lost. "Steve said emotionally.
Then a bright light lit up the sea in front of him, and the reflection of the water blinking his eyes. He narrowed his eyes and cocked his head.
On the flight to Colorado, Tony thought: Lots of dangerous criminals escaped, but he didn't wake me up. And it was my fault. I should have read his note the first time I woke up. I didn't get back my watch he had confiscated, so the system assumes he is the highest-level contact. But when did the Old Man can use this high-tech gadget? That's what it says, 'Steve' plays' dumb ’.
The Electro behind Tony staggered to his feet. Steve, without looking, flew out of his shield, knocked him unconscious again. Then they continue to kiss each other.
"What's the use of things that have been phased out?" Bain smoothed untidy hair with her right hand, folded her long slender legs. She calmly replied, "Bain is now the industry leader in modern intelligent technology systems. We don’t need Stark's obsolete armor designs." Bain accented the word "obsolete."
"It doesn't matter if I break it, does it? I can always ask you to fix it." Said Peter, stopping his laughter.
"Okay, okay...” Tony held out his hand." Next time, try not to make my decision for me, will you? Vic."
"I want to know, who is your hero? He always has a name, or a title. Don't every hero have a title?"
"Or you put it in the drawer to make people think you were set up. And this is what you call an advanced AI system? You still have nothing to prove that you were not involved in the event. Don't forget that there was a life left. Means this was not a simple crime of theft." Tony said sarcastically.
He was fast, and in less than a minute, the fire lost its power, grew smaller, leaving only a sprinkling of flame and electromagnetic sparks floating in the air. Some people fainted, but with the incoming air, they constantly woke up. The ambulance and fireman had arrived at this time.
"Mr. Krats has cut short his experimental work for today. He's going to take a rest. So I'm coming."
He was falling, falling high in the air. A World War II fighter airplane shrinking before his eyes. He opened his mouth, shouted, but he could not hear his own voice, nor could he hear the roar of the propeller. In fact, he couldn't hear anything. Then he fell into darkness.
"I didn't own it. All I did was bypass its protective device, got into the system, exploited a flaw in the system, operated it."
Peter bent over and picked up the little girl, who put her arms happily around his neck. Then Quicksilver and Crystal came along.
That-Tony was always a wily guy, and he dealt with arm dealers not only once or twice. His system certainly wasn’t as easy to crack. What would I have done if it had been me? Fearfulness is not from a thief, it is from a thief’s miss. No matter how high the encryption system is, it can be cracked someday. Defenses have been unable to solve the problem. If it is me, I will attack, attack is the best defense. So, he would draw the snake out of its hole.
"The second thing is... I'm going to take a founder's vote on Spiderman officially joining the Avengers. Don't talk to me about my age. Iron Man is one of the founders. Tony Stark is one of the founders. I'm Iron Man now. I'm Tony Stark. I know the terms of the Avengers charter."
If it was for you all to have an unearned reputation, there was only one reason. He didn't want to kill me at all. He just wanted to put me in the way, destroyed my confidence, made me back down and gave up my armor.
"But if we're going away like this..." Steve was still looking at the restaurant Tony had just destroyed.
"There is a more important reason. As I said that day, you are the most special Tony Stark of all the parallel universes."
She didn't like Krats because he talked to her father all the time and she was stuck in this boring cafe and couldn't go to the mansion across the street and meet her playmates.
"There are no X-Men left. We were crushed. I got separated from the last retreating ones. Magneto, nobody knows where he went... And that monster, the Onslaught, is coming to New York City now..."
"The girl in your picture looks a little like me." The blonde girl's voice was like the crow of a canary.
"It's not like I just hack into computer systems. Let's just say I did a little research on the Avengers."
"Blizzards in 32 states, actually. It was brought under control before the New Year. I didn't really do much, I just did some calculations." Tony answered as vaguely as possible.
Tony pulled Peter aside, communicating with him through the built-in connector. Because of the close distance, there was no interference between them now.
Armor deplete energy quickly, while Electro's energy is endless. He can absorb the electrostatic particles around him and convert any energy into electricity for his own use. He is like a transformer.
There was constant rustling and Mrs. Rogers crying on the phone. The expression on Krats's face grew grave.
"Don't explain, Tony." The Black Widow waved her hand. "You two take care of your business. From the day one, Avengers founding, there were written rules against interference in the private lives of members. You wrote those rules precisely, Tony."
