“Tony I told you and I’ll keep telling you. I will wait for as long as it takes. I don’t care how long you need. I have all the time in the world.”
“Pepper’s shoes.” He starts. “I gave them to her for christmas because she had her eye on them since forever.”
Pepper’s heels swam across his vision as he hyperventilates. He squeezes his eyes shut and tried to breathe but felt as if every heartbeat were forced through a hole that was too small. There’s more talking then something was pressed to his ear.
“Do you want  to be in charge for once,” Steve tilts his head, their faces close to touching. “Dr. Barnes?”
Tony takes a breath before looking up. “Because Steve isn’t worth me wasting my time on or me worrying. What I am worried about is getting out of that relationship and being happy. Being happy is not something I can not do with Steve in my life.”
“Yeah, well I wanted to go out tonight but when we did, Tony did nothing but make eyes at Stephen Strange.”
“You’re making full words. That’s good. I need you to take three deep breaths, okay? Ready? Together. In”
“I have all i want. You. Money is just for fun.” Steve retorts before tossing Bucky’s pants aside and licks his lips.
“Just Stephen is fine.” Stephen says, getting that look he had when he was confused. His head tilted a little and his lips parted just slightly. A wisp of hair fell onto his forehead.
Natasha opens her office door and sticks her head up. “Tony.”  She greets warmly. Then, “Steven.” She says coldly.
“I honestly don't get it.” He says, leaning over the bed. “Why are you such an idiot? You are a literal genius and you decided to sit around in the rain? Are you trying to catch your death?”
“If you want, I can go with you.” Stephen offers. He even offered to call in but Tony wouldn’t allow that.
“I don't want to fight you Strange. You need to calm the fuck down. Wong is looking for you by the way.” James tosses over Stephen's pager that had fallen out of his coat. “In OR2.”
Tony nods and stripped down, stepping into a plush white robe. He climbs up on the table and closes his eyes. He could feel the stress start to wear him down. His back and feet ached as he lay still.
Thor makes a humming noise, but jumps when ‘Hey Stephen’ started to blare from Tony’s phone. Tony jerks up and reaches for it. That was the ringtone he had set for Stephen after what had happened last night.
About halfway through the movie, Peter is put like a light. Tony looks at his sleeping son with a soft smile. Stephen thought he looked so beautiful when no one was looking. Stephen smiles to himself and looked down.
He couldn’t see Thor’s face but could tell Thor didn’t believe him. Tony laid down down on on his stomach, tucking his good arm under his head and the other hung off the table.
Stephen snaps and reels back, punching James square in the face. James’ head snapped back. He retaliated with a growl. He balled his fists and aims for Stephen’s stomach. Stephen doubles over and stumbles back a little before standing straight.
“Anthony! Stop talking for two seconds!” Stephen’s snapped before slapping his hand over his mouth. He didn’t mean to raise his voice.
“I am here to support my son. What’s your excuse? You never come to the games or competitions. So what gives?”
Steve opens his mouth to respond but Bucky cuts him off. “No. You don’t get to speak here. I am a doctor. My life’s work is making sure people are healthy and healed and safe.” He turns around, rubbing the bridge of his nose.
Tony nods a little and looks away. “I’m great.. Just a long day. You were amazing out there. Both of you.”
Tony watches him go back inside and he leaned down to pick up his jacket. He slides it back on and goes back inside just to see James pulling Steve into a spare room. He had just spotted Stephen and was making his way over when a woman in a gold gown and curly brown hair gently taps his shoulder.
“I’m not because unlike you I took my fucking vows seriously!” Tony snaps, feeling his heart start to beat faster. His vision started to spot and his breath was ragged.
Tony smiles and nods in response. He glances around his his eyes fall on an all too familiar face. Steve. What is he doing here? Tony takes a step back.
“If you're to tired we can do this another night. It doesn't have to be today.” Tony says, coming forward as well.
“Oh here we go again.” He hears Steve say. If he could stand, he would have left. The next thing he knows, his head collided with the cold tile.
Tony blushes and hangs up, just laying there for a moment before sitting up. He looked up at Natasha.
Before Tony could answer, Peter came barreling over, Shuri behind him. Both teens were pink cheeked and bright eyed from performing.
Tony doesn’t answer and pushes past and out of the bleachers to find Peter before his break was over. Stephen follows, and Tony turns toward him.
“We won.” Stephen murmurs in Tony’s ear, making him jump. He turns his head to see Stephen smiling sheepishly. “Sorry. You looked out of it.: He explains.
“Wow. Harsh.” Steve laughs, following the other two in. “I want to keep this short and sweet.” He says, sitting down.
Tony fells his heart drop as he turned around. He knew that voice, even if it’s been fifteen years since he heard it.
“Cum for me love.” He says, kissing just beneath his ear. Steve always knew when Bucky's orgasm was near. His nose would scrunch up and his eyes would close. That was exactly the face he was making now. Steve begins to thrust faster, his breath short and harsh, his sounds mixing with Bucky’s.
“You have no idea how pissed I am.” Steve growls. “Ruined a perfectly good night. I can't punish you here but when we get home you are in trouble.”
“Tony..shit...I’m sorry. I didn’t mean-I didn’t mean to yell.” Stephen leans over a little, keeping his voice soft as he reaches over. The way Tony flinches away breaks Stephen’s heart. “Tony?”
“Two sparrows in a hurricane, trying to find there way...the world says they’ll never make it, but love says they will.”
The slap came out of nowhere and surprised Bucky himself when it happened. He stared at his hand in shock. Hurting people is not something he did. He is a doctor.
Steve mouths at his neck as he moves his hips. The voice on the phone was female from what Steve could hear. He bites down, leaving a forming bruise on the curve of Bucky’s neck.
“Not that it’s any of your business,” Bucky flicked his cigarette and stamped it out. “But that marriage was over a long time ago. Steve doesn’t feel comfortable in the situation.”
“Come on. We have to meet the kids at the car.” Stephen tugs his hand and Tony follows with a smile.
Steve was there already and so was Pepper. Tony hugs Pepper and takes a breath before nodding. “I’m ready.” He says.
“The cokiest bastard in the state.” Bucky rolls his eyes and pulls Steve into a deep kiss. “I like you all dressed up, but next time, wear your uniform?”
“Pretty damn close.” Bucky pushed himself up to look at Steve as he coats his fingers with lube and rubs them together to warm it up. He runs his fingers down the swell of Bucky’s ass before pulling the soft flesh apart. He runs his finger around the warm puckered flesh and before pushing one finger in. Bucky inhales sharply and slowly relaxes. After a few moment, a second finger joined the first then another. Once satisfied, Steve pulls his fingers out and reaches down to coat his own cock with the lube.
"Oka-" before Stephen could get the word out, Tony's lips were on his. Stephen's eyes widen before closing and he puts one hand on Tony's cheek. Tony pulls away slowly.
“I’m sorry Stephen. I just….I’m still married. And I can’t stoop to his level. I can’t...I have to be good. For Peter.”
Steve, to his surprise, didn’t look angry. Just stunned. He cocked an eyebrow and smirked. “Did you like that?” He stands and makes his way over slowly. “Do you like the way it feels to snap and let it all out?”
“You weren’t supposed to find out..” Steve says simply. He didn’t even sound sorry. That pissed Bucky off more.
“Uh oh. Nothing good ever comes from those words.” Steve makes his way over to the bed and sits down. “Am I in trouble?” The words were teasing but Bucky didn’t smile.
Stephen wakes to find Tony tucked into his chest. The shorter man had his eyes closed but he was mumbling in incoherent Italian. He catches his name-or was he referring to Steve? It was terrible having the same name as the person of your affection’s ex. Tony’s fingers twist in in the fabric of Stephen’s shirt.
“Okay okay. Someone’s impatient.” Steve chuckles and kisses him once more before pulling away and pulling his belt off. He tosses it to the floor along with his pants.
“Peter has been calling me that for at least five years.” Stephen laughs and shrugs. “I’ve gotten used to it.”
Stephen starts to respond, but doesn’t. He  just looks away. They finally made it to the car and Stephen leans against it. He looks over at Tony with a soft smile. “I enjoyed this. Y'know minus the whole Steve thing.”
Tony nods a little and opens the top pizza box. He waits for about ten minutes before he gets concerned. Setting the pizza crust back into the box, Tony walks quietly to Stephen's room. Stephen is sitting in the dark on the edge of the bed. He had one hand across his eyes, elbow on his knee. His shoulders shook a little.
Tony makes his way into Thor's studio and greets Bruce who is sitting behind the front desk. Hs looks up as Tony comes near.
“Do you want me to come with you?” The question barely left the doctor’s lips when a dark haired teen approaches with a sad expression.
Behind him, Tony feels Stephen wrap his fingers around his wrist. The action was oddly comforting. Tony clenches his jaw and stared up at Steve.
Steve wandered around a bit before seeing a streak of silver hair. He recognized it immediately. Stephen Strange. He was standing with one hand on a doorknob, talking to Peter. Hatred bubbled in Steve's stomach. He quickly makes his way over. As he nears, Stephen turned and looks at him with eyes not that different from Bucky's. Coming to a stop, Steve puts a hand on Peter's shoulder.
Steve didn’t go home after he left Tony in that parking lot. Instead, he went to the hospital where Bucky worked. He was tired of looking at Tony’s mopy ass face and he needed to see someone he could actually stand to look at. Plus he missed Bucky. He hadn’t seen him in almost three days. He picks up his phone and calls the top number on his speed dial. It rang twice before the line was picked up.
Tony follows Peter and Shuri into the hospital’s lobby, looking around. The room had been decorated with fairy lights and  and silver streamers. A snack table was nestled in the back corner. He himself had gone with an all black suit. It was slimming and Tony felt good in it. Peter had gone with a more traditional tux and Shuri wore a floor length strapless rose colored dress. He looks around, looking for Stephen. He didn’t see him and felt a bit out of place. There was a tap on his shoulder and Tony jerked and spun around.
“I’m sorry. It slipped out.” Stephen looks over at the door before looking back. “No actually I’m not. Tony, I should have told you sooner. I know you aren’t ready and may not be for a long time. But I will wait, for as long as it takes. Because I do love you. I have for eight years.”
“Not god, no.” Steve retorts, pulling away, a string of drool connecting his lips and the head of the cock in front of him. “I’m not that good.”
“Don’t you think I know that?” Bucky yells. “But I’m not you. I’m not the one putting an innocent man and a child through hell. I’m not the one that put that man in the hospitalhopital at least one hundred and sixty eight times in ten years!”
Tony nods and waves before stepping outside and resting his cheek against a cold piller. He takes a deep breath to clear him mind, hearing footsteps behind him but paying them no mind That is, until a voice speaks.
“Faster!” He begged. Steve, of course, complied. Bucky’s head tilted back, his bark hair spread across the pillow. Steve though he looked absolutely angelic. He leans down and nuzzles Bucky’s neck.
“Do you enjoy using your hands on me and being in control?” The words came out as a purr but it just made Bucky’s stomach churn.
“Tony is here in the ER.’ Bucky says nonchalantly. Steve just sighs. Of course. He leans down and kisses Bucky’s face.
Bucky shakes his head to clear it as he makes his way back into the building and looks for Steve. Tony’s words echoed in his head. He needed to know. He needed to talk to Steve. Finally spotting the blonde, he starts to make his way over. He is greeted by variousvaripus co-workers, who he smiles and greets back. He finally gets back to Steve and is swept up in his arms.
“Tony. You aren’t ruined.” Stephen reaches over and tilts Tony’s chin up, using two hooked fingers. “And like I said, I’ll wait for as long as it takes. I waited eight years. What’s another fifty?” He smiles gently.
“I’m sure.” Shuri leans against his shoulder, smoothing down her skirt. She pecked his cheek and looked at the scoreboard. “Peter we gotta get back. You know Mr. Lee hates it when you’re late back from break.”
“Stephen I want you to listen to me.” Tony begins. “Some things happen for a reason. I don't know why and I suppose we'll never know but you are only human. Even Superman can't save everyone.” He pauses. “I'm not going to lie and say I understand kr that it'll be okay but you can't let this destroy you. You use this to remind yourself to always try. Even when it seems hopeless. Try for her. For- what was her name?”
Tony turns around quickly to find Stephen behind him. He wasn’t aware that Stephen had seen him. He looks back at Peggy to find her smiling a little at Stephen. “Ah. Dr. Strange I presume. You both should come with me.”
“Mmm.” Steve smiles and crawls over him, straddling his lap and sliding his hands up under the scrub top. His fingers spread out over the muscle of Bucky’s chest and he pushes the shirt up. Bucky took a hint and pulls the shirt up and off. Steve then leaned down and begins to bite and kiss at the newly exposed skin. He wanted to take his time and draw this out as he knew Tony wouldn’t be looking for him. He ran his teeth over Bucky’s nipples,the most sensitive part on his body-which Steve discovered by accident. Bucky whines,arching his back.
“Of course. Anything for you.” Steve says with a smirk as Bucky takes his hand and tugs him toward an on-call room. Steve pushes Bucky against the door, reaching over and turning the lock.
“There's pepperoni and cheese. The bottom one is Hawaiian.” He gives Tony a pointed look before running a hand through his already messed up hair. Tony makes a face and sticks his tongue out.
“Tony, I will help you in anyway now that I can.” Stephen says, moving close to him, before carefully hugging him. He stayed like that for a few moments before letting him go. “I will do my best to see that you are never hurt again.”
Stephen pushes out of the hospital to find James leaned against the building with a cigarette in his hand. He looked over at Stephen.
“No, you have to work.Stephen. Those people need you more than I do. I can handle this and if not, Nat will break his dick off and feed it to him.” Tony says bluntly, fixing the cuff of his jacket and looking up.
“Okay show off.” He sticks his hand in Bucky’s jacket pocket and pulls out the bottle of lube. “You bought the expensive stuff?” He quirked an eyebrow.
“There was this girl today.” He clears his throat. “She was sixteen, her whole life ahead of her. She had a huge tumor and we had to operate.” His voice cracks. “We were to late. I couldn't save her.” He ends with a whisper. “Her mother is all alone now.”
“Oh you big baby.” Steve laughs, pulling back a little before tugging Bucky towards one of the beds. “I’ll make it up to you, I promise.”
“I’ll deal with it later.” He murmurs, taking the phone and tossing it to another bed. He begins to moving his hips, changing his angle so he hit that bundle of nerves that drove Bucky crazy. The dark haired man absolutely fell apart after that. He grips Steve’s shoulders, moaning and rolling his hips up to meet Steve thrust for thrust.
Toiny cracked a smile. “So did I. It was nice not having to worry if I was going to be hit tonight or not.” He says before he could stop himself. He stared at the ground, not speaking.
“Of course. I understand.” Stephen nods a little, pulling a shirt out and putting it on. He turns to Tony, who was still sitting on the bed. “Tony?” He asked softly.
Stephen looked like he was going to protest but just nods. “Alright. At least let me know how it goes?”
“I assume that Natasha came to see you, correct?” Tony asked, taking a half step back towards Stephen.
Tony smiles and thanks him, moving past the lobby. Thor was finishing with a customer but looked up with a smile.
“Been pretty busy but then again it is that time of year. I'm almost done here so you can get ready.”
Stephen starts off down the hall, his jaw tight and his fists gripped tightly. He turns to the nearest person and scrubs and demands harshly. “Where is James Barnes?”
“What did you do to Steve to make him look for comfort outside of his marriage? His morals are very important to him. He loved you but you drove him away.”
“Tony, we will figure this out. I swear to you.” Nathasha kneels beside him and tilts his chin up. “He won’t get away with how he treats you.”
Stephen shakes his head. “Part of me suspected you’d say that.  Look Tony.” He turns so he was facing the older man with his leg up on the bench. “I asked you because I want to go with you. Because I enjoy spending time with you. Because you’re a great person. And I lo-” He stops.
Stephen smiles once more before crossing the room and placing a gentle kiss to Tony’s hairline. “Help yourself to anything. Love you.” He smiles once more before leaving. He had made it to the front door before he realized what just happened. His face flamed and he leans his head against the door. He wonders if he should go back and work this out but he had rounds to get to. Hopefully it goes unmentioned.
“I have nothing to say to you.” Tony moves to shove past him but Steve catches his wrist in a tight grip, making Tony gasp loudly as that arm was finally starting to heal.
“My name is Margaret Carter. I have been in the same place you are in with Steven, though never married. I want to help you bring him to court and put him away for life. That's what we want. Because he doesn't deserve freedom and you deserve to be safe and happy. The public needs to see just who their Golden Boy really is. So, Mr. Stark, Dr. Strange; what do you say?”
“Yeah. Of course.” Tony moves over on the swing, drawing his legs under him. “Something on your mind?”
“I really don’t like him.” Stephen answers, taking Tony’s good hand and squeezing gently. “I also hate seeing you get hurt Tony. I care about both you and Peter. A lot.”
“My office is this way.” Stephen starts down the hall. Tony follows closely, still unsure what was happening. Stephen opens the door and waits for everyone to file in and take seats around the small room before sitting in the chair behind the desk and folding his hands. Tony stands beside him, one hand on the back of the chair.
“You found this, you get to help.” Stephen started out the door. He pauses and turns back. “What is your name?”
“Out.” They released together. “Again.” They repeated this twice before Stephen spoke again. “Find one thing and focus on it.”
“James.” Tony’s tone softens. “Please don’t defend him. I know you want to, I did for years. He isn’t worth your time.”
Tony felt his heart hammer but couldn’t bring himself to look up. “What if I’m never ready? Because I don’t know if I’ll ever be. I know you aren’t Steve. You’re basically the opposite but I’m scared. What if I’m ruined?”
With that, he stands and leaves the room, slipping outside and circling the building before going back inside with big worried eyes.
Tony stands up straight and pulls off his suit jacket. He tosses it aside and rolls up his sleeves to display the scars and bruises in various states of healing. “Steve Rogers is a liar and I feel sorry for you if you believe that he actually loves you because he loves no one but himself. He lashes out when he doesn’t get his way and he will ‘put you in your place’ as he calls it. Wake up James. He doesn’t love you. He just needed someone to fuck.”
Steve clenches his fists and tightens his jaw. Peter must have seen, because he moved closer to May and whispers to her. May glances at Steve once, then nods and stands. They leave the room with not a word spoken. Steve turned back to Tony.
Stephen hummed a little as he strolls into the hospital but stopped short when he saw a flash of shoulder length brown hair. His jaw tightens and he started forward but then his pager went off. Sighing a little, Stephen turned away and headed to the MRI room.
Tony crosses his arms and chews his lower lip, beaming with pride. He leans against the table as Steve eases against the wall, hands in his pocket. "No way. Really? Has it really been 20 weeks?" Steve nods, just as happy. "How do you feel about it? Nervous? Excited? Don't wanna say goodbye?"
that he'd ask out, without giving more away. He never held it against Tony for not reading further into those very vague lines. After all, tabloids were still writing about his great love story with Peggy even though his former flame went on to live a full,
"Great. Wow. That was - easy." Steve's eyes pop, realising his words. "Not that you're easy. I meant I wasn't sure if, if you'd say yes. I'm glad you said yes."
Steve nods, flushing a soft shade of red. His eyes go astray. "I was 95lbs soaking wet back then. Nobody would look twice at me, unless they wanted me to pass a note to Bucky. The ladies thought I was a freak, the men would just beat me up. Never really stood a chance. After the serum, women just expected me to ask them out. After I woke up, people expected a lot more out of me. And well.. you know the rest."
Tony should be affronted for being manhandled like that, but he plays along anyway. He wasn’t going to make it easy though. “Why do I have to leave? It smells amazing in here. I know there are cookies. Chocolate chip and peppermint.” Tony brakes with one foot, and Steve bumps against his back. “Come on. One cookie?"
“Hey,” Tony warns, stopping him. “You are not a burden. Alright? We talked about this. Don’t you ever think that way.”
"I can make my own decisions, Tony. I'll give you a moment, you're clearly upset. Again, I'm sorry, I never meant to cause you any discomfort," Steve says, picking up his shoes. He did his best and tugged his shirt together as narrow as he could to hide his broad naked chest, praying that he doesn't bump into the others on his way back to his apartment. The leader of earth's mightiest heroes was going to take down HYDRA tomorrow, but right now he just wants to curl up in his bed and cry himself to sleep.
Steve chuckles, a small rumble in his tone. He breaks the KitKat bar of four in half, splitting it to share. The second he hands Tony his share, he bites across his own bars
"Wasn't forward at all. I like it. You can do that anytime you want," Tony says in a low, husky voice.
Steve gushes. “I don’t know if they’re any good. I think I burned them a little but they’re, uh they’re covered in frost so you wouldn’t be able to see. The second batch should be better though. Maybe you should wait for those? I think you should really wait for those, these aren’t that good for sure -”
A whole tray of Iron man cookies, decorated in red gold and silver icing, in even sizes laid on a cooling tray hidden from view. Most of them were perfect, but there were a couple that looked a little deformed but in a cute way. The stronger whiff of chocolate and peppermint filled Tony’s nostrils and it melts his heart. He hadn’t realized how wide his smile had grown and he looks to Steve.
Not that Tony found none of these appetising, but what he discovered by taking his time to peel the layers that made up said image was far more remarkable. Admittedly, he lusted for the man shown in the image, but Tony fell in love with the soft, gentle person beneath all that.
- with me- I'm going to have to stop you right here. You don't want to go down that path, buddy, trust me. It never ends well. For anyone."
His luck for privacy runs out in two seconds. As he rummages through the fridge, he notices that he was wasn't alone. He recognises the weight of the footsteps, the boots padding across the kitchen floor. Steve curses mutedly.
While Steve did thank him for it via video call, (eyes darting everywhere else, licking his lips and scratching his eyebrow - standard Steve), Tony didn't think Steve would actually
Clint waves a hand dismissively. "Nothing I haven't seen before, Cap. But there was definitely an appeal to keep-" He pauses, and his signature shit-eating grin slowly emerges like something pleasant had just crawled its way into his mind. Steve was not going to ask what it was, afraid that it was going to cause him to turn into the shade of a tomato.
“Don’t sweat it. It’s about time someone uses this kitchen. Why were you giving the oven the Captain America Look of Disapproval? Was it not preheating according to the mission plan?”
Steve hesitates before he lifts his face. "You really wanna go out with me? You don't think I'm a .. freak?"
He glances at the shield leaning against the wall by his bedside for some courage, and then to the nightstand where a special photograph rested in a wooden frame for reassurance.
This shouldn’t feel so domesticated, like coming home to someone after a long day at work, but it does.
"Why'd you -" Tony starts to laugh, completely smitten by Steve's thoughtfulness. "Did you buy the whole store, Steve?"
When Steve pulls back, he examines his masterpiece - Tony was completely debauched. The blonde breaks into a triumphant grin. He grabs a fistful of Tony's shirt, pulls him slightly to lure him back in, only to press a hand on the brunette's chest, chasing after him.
For a lethal, highly skilled super soldier that speaks volumes at how much Steve trusts Tony with his life, his mind and his heart.
"Oh," Tony says, noticing the ruined shirt. "Sorry. Now you're going to have to get change. I'll get you a new one?"
But this was Tony's suite. If he felt like he needed to bolt from his own private quarters to get away from Steve, clearly something was deadly wrong. The words 'lines crossed', 'ruined friendship' and 'assault' quickly found its way into Steve's head and made itself at home.
"Yeah well darling we'll need more than just a bed," Tony growls suggestively as he nips on Steve's earlobe. "I want it to be good for you."
"You're actually arguing with me on this," Steve says in disbelief. There was no heat in his words, because yup they were definitely flirting.
Tony smiles, picking it up. His suspicions for the past few months may have reached a conclusion, and he likes being right about things. He grabs hold of the back of Steve's head and pulls him closer for a hug. The tenderness confuses Steve momentarily. When Tony draws back, he kisses Steve on the forehead, then the tip of his nose, then just below his left eye.
"Something like that," Steve replies as nonchalantly as he can. Clint gives his captain a glance over - from the top of his mussed up blond hair to the trace of reddish love bites on his collarbone, to the socks on his feet - and
“I know it's been a hard week for you, Tony,” Steve says apologetically, even though he had nothing to do with the house getting blown up. “That’s what’s all this is about, actually. I wanted to, uh, surprise you. I mean, it probably wouldn’t turn out good. You don’t even hafta try them. It’s silly even.“
"You want me to make love to you, Steve?" Tony hums into his ear as he grinds his erection against Steve's thigh. "That what you want, gorgeous?" Steve moans in reply. "Oh Steve what you do to me. Come on, tiger, let's go back to my place. I've got the stuff that'll make this evening a whole lot more memorable."
They walk back to the kitchen, Steve leading the two. Tony had full view of that ass he’d been wanting to tap from the day Steve moved into the Tower but swipes away the dirty thoughts.
"Ah," Steve parrots, a forgiving smirk on his lips. "I did eventually finish it. By myself, after the uh whole thing. I couldn't get past the song part without .. reacting." Steve thinks for a bit before he looks straight into Tony's dark eyes. "Does it make sense now?"
When he reaches the hangar where Tony keeps his collection of prized cars, he was greeted by loud music the moment the elevator doors open. Of course Tony had been blasting his rock music to the highest volume. Steve immediately recognises the song, one of the many that Tony would introduce to him from time to time. He watches Tony's foot tap lightly to the beat as his upper half disappears under the Camaro he had been working on for a while. Tony's tank top had ridden up a little, displaying a strip to tanned skin and lean abs.
him himself. Just how they're going to survive being around each other for a mission with little room for error, was anyone's guess.
He stood in a perfect posture with his blonde short hair unkempt and pointing in every direction. For once, Steve was wearing a loose pair of grey sweatpants with a matching hoodie comfortably hanging off his broad shoulders instead of those obscenely tight Under Armour workout shirts he loved. He was crossing his arms with mittens over his hands and a bright orange checkered apron wrapped around his narrow waist, staring intently at the oven. There was flour everywhere across the kitchen top, baking utensils that Tony had never seen before were half-used and dusted with white powder. The smell of fresh cookies filled the air, there was a hint of cinnamon and peppermint, but curiously, there were none in sight.
No wonder his presence had felt so sharp, so bright. He'd been real, the only real thing she had seen or touched in ages.
If he'd died in Afghanistan, killed by his own company's weapons, it would have been cosmic justice. Maybe this was, too.
"I've spent all last night and half this morning trying to undo the work of a god. I need to rest. And so do both of you."
The center of his breastplate was scorched, the red metal discolored in an odd, rippling pattern.  It didn't rub off when he touched it, the marks somehow burned into the metal itself.  Steve tried to fit his fingers around the seam at the side of the breastplate, then the one on the opposite side, with absolutely zero success.  There had to be a way to get it off; Tony wouldn't design something that didn't have a manual override, no matter how much he liked to use the Extremis for everything.
Steve went still, his eyes going to the living room door for a moment before returning to Ben and Tony. Sam, Clint, and Jan were probably all waiting on the other side, trying to listen in. Jan, as co-chairperson of the Avengers, had an actual reason to be present for this interview. Clint claimed he was waiting outside to 'offer moral support,' by which he meant 'satisfy my burning curiosity.' Sam was also there for moral support, but in his case, the offer was genuine — he didn't need to spy, not when he knew he could just ask Clint for all the gory details later.
The elevator started to climb, and Steve glared at his distorted reflection in the polished metal doors and silently cursed at himself. He'd come down here hoping to make himself feel better, and maybe convince Tony to take a break long enough to eat dinner. "Good luck with that," he told himself. "You sure handled that one well, Rogers." Why did Tony have to be so stubborn? So infuriatingly flippant about his own well-being? So good at knowing exactly which buttons to push to turn what should have been a simple argument into something nasty?
"When Chthon returns to this realm and takes possession of the vessel I have prepared for him, I will be rewarded above all other mortals." Her voice didn't even sound human anymore, resonant with weird harmonics that made the hair on the back of Tony's neck rise.
Because he'd only been monitoring the security systems, not the museum's guests or scheduled events, because he'd been trying to limit what he did with the Extremis. Damn it.
Hank didn't say anything in response, but she could tell he was amused.  Jan decided to take that as a positive sign, and the fact that he seemed to be squinting at her energy cage, as if trying to make out the details in the dim light, as another.  He'd figure out a way to get her out of here, she'd fly through one of the gaps in the energy grid that was keeping them fenced in, and then she'd turn it off somehow and they'd be out of here.  If they were really lucky, there would be one or two of Sin's men on guard outside for her to blast on the way out.  Dealing out a round of bioelectrical shocks and mild chemical burns would be very satisfying right about now.
job, things would be getting pretty desperate right about now. As it was, he'd started to catch himself looking back wistfully at the old days when Jameson had lectured him on how his laziness and unreliability were everything that was wrong with the youth of America.
"The important thing is that you came back." It was selfish of him to be happy that Wanda was back in the Avengers Mansion, all things considered, but he couldn't help it. Having the Scarlet Witch back on his team put Steve's world one step closer to where it ought to be, where it had been before everything had gone wrong.
"It had better be a good one." He could feel Thor's agreement. Clint had said that "evil government people" were involved, but Tony and the others should have been able to stand up to them; they were Avengers.
Hyde staggered forward a step and fell to one knee, and Steve rolled to his feet and slammed his shield into the other man's jaw in the same motion, using the momentum of his own upward movement to add power to the blow.
Loki raised a mocking eyebrow. "Which one?" Her glance around the room at the other Avengers – the first time she'd looked at any of them, save for that one glance at Steve – made her meaning obvious.
Carol didn’t have anything to say to that, and Steve was left to stare down at his clean hands again, and at the long scratch disfiguring the center of his shield.  How was he going to get that out?  You couldn’t polish vibranium.
"I would have noticed that," the Night Nurse said, voice sharpening. "I don't need your assistance to do my job any more than I need his."
"You didn't seem surprised." Steve said it carefully, as if he were feeling something out, and Tony winced.
"Clint." Wanda laid her right hand on his arm, and Clint's flow of words instantly dried up. "It's all right."
Carol's voice rose half an octave. "That's great. What happens if she gets angry and decides to say 'no more people?' She's too powerful to leave out there now that she's a crazy sociopath."
"She said she'd kill me if I hurt you," Steve finished quietly. He might not be responsible for any of this, but that didn't change the fact that Tony was very definitely hurt. What was taking Hank and Peter so long? At this rate, the effects of the drug might wear off before they came up with an antidote. And they would wear off, or Hank and Peter would come through with the antidote; Steve refused to contemplate any other options.
"Um," Tony said, after a moment. "There might be a small problem." He used the back of his gauntlet to push the hair out of his face again, not meeting Steve's eyes. "I… can't get the armor off. The fastenings on the chestplate are dented."
Tony was curled into a ball in the middle of the bed, just like Jan had been. He wasn't crying. He wasn't really doing much of anything.
They were actually talking, she realized, with a strange little jolt. Not yelling at each other, not trading blame or apologies. Actually talking, the way they had used to. She hadn't realized how much she'd missed it.
Sam had a point, he reflected. Tony was actually handling the situation far better than Steve had expected, unless he had lost it just now as some form of re-directed stress, which Steve supposed wouldn't be surprising. From the sound of things, SI's board of directors was being less than supportive about the whole thing, and the media was having a gleeful field day with it. Awkwardness aside, it might be a good thing Tony was staying in the Mansion; it was harder for reporters to get access here.
"They're coming," Rhodey's waiter was whimpering. "They're coming. Do you know what they're going to do to me? I can't let them. I can't!"
"She can change size at will," Clint said. "She's been treated with Pym particles, plus a couple of other things that let her grow wings and zap people with bio-electric energy when she's small."
There was another explosion of gunfire from one of the upper floors, and the sound of clanking metal boots in the hallway.
She remembered Carol pleading with her to stop – something, stop what? – and Stephen Strange raising a hand and commanding her to sleep. She remembered Mount Wungadore, walking through the village at the foot of the mountain like a ghost, people smiling and waving at her despite the fact that she had never spoken to any of them, never met any of them.
Rachel was never delicate. It was one of the things he had liked about her, her strength. One of the things he liked about Tony, too.
hadn't been able to. It had taken hitting rock bottom and the realization that maybe he didn't actually want to die after all, that he could do more good for other people if he lived, to do it. And even then, it had been a long time before he'd felt like anything approaching himself again. In some ways, he never really had. "You really don't," he finally said, after the silence started to become uncomfortable. "Especially since I slept with Jan while you were in jail."
Steve stood, pushing his chair back and rising to his feet in one fluid movement, and picked his plate and glass up in both hands. He rounded the table and set them down in front of Tony, laying the plate neatly on top of Tony's plate. "You can start with the dishes," he said.
"Oooh,  six months," MJ said, in the tone of voice she used when she was being  evil.  "That's an important anniversary.  Peter got me flowers and took  me to the top of the Empire State Building.  It was very romantic until  the Vulture attacked us."
He'd gone there intending to force answers out of Wanda, to bring her back to justice, and then he'd left empty-handed, after sleeping with her. He'd tried not to examine the memories too closely, because he wasn't sure he wanted to remember the reasoning behind that.
That man was probably dying. She couldn't give in to this. Jan started towards the older man, the one who looked like he might be having a heart attack.
"I took out about three times as many of them," Clint said, but he didn't sound as if he meant the objection. Hank had been on the receiving end of enough actual resentment from Don and Thor recently to know when he heard it. And when he didn't.
"It's also blatantly a man's watch, doesn't actually fit you anymore, and doesn't match the dress. If you really need to know what time it is, you can ask your date." Jan held out her hand imperiously. "You can have it back when you get home."
Both book and arrow fell to the floor, and Sam, already poised to move, launched himself at the book as if it were a fly ball.
He'd expected them - Steve especially - to be annoyed at the very least, especially given how utterly he'd failed to fulfill his responsibilities to the team last year, but in retrospect, he realized, it had been a silly fear. The drinking, losing the company, having to hand the armor off to Rhodey, had all been his fault. His current transformation wasn't. And if they'd been willing to take him back after the months he'd spent as an unreliable alcoholic mess, then the team wasn't going to withdraw their support because he'd come out the loser in a fight with Loki.
"I wish to offer my aid against one of your enemies," she said, smiling faintly as if she thought that there were even the slightest chance of either Don or Thor believing her. "In return, I ask for your assistance in reclaiming what is mine."
"Yes," Jessica Jones said, "but this time Danny's not coming, and if he was, we'd know better than to let him drink."
And Hank was spending far too much time walled up in his lab, between the containment unit for that damn book, and whatever genetics project he was working on with Beast. He was probably trying to avoid Thor, but now he'd started asking the other Avengers for blood samples, and Steve wasn't looking forward to the explosion that was going to come when Thor heard about it.
"Let's just order pizza," Jan suggested. She was sitting at the kitchen table, regarding the array of cookbooks spread across it with disdain. She tapped a thin, hardcover volume with one finger. "This one is nothing but different manly things you can sear to death on a grill. Why do we still have John Walker's things?"
"If I thought your worries were foolish, I would not be here," Strange said. "You're not imagining things; the energy fields around the cathedral have shifted. Dark magic has been used here, and a great deal of it."
Doom didn't even look at him.  "I know you're awake, Dr. Blake.  Feigning unconsciousness will do you no good."
There was, Tony though, no good way any explanation that included the phrase 'completely sterile' could end.
Steve ignored him, continuing to throw hard right and left jabs at the bag, putting his entire bodyweight behind them. If Hank was here for a reason, he'd tell Steve, but chances were good he was just trying to stay out of Jan's sight, which Steve supposed was fair; Jan hadn't exactly agreed to having him back here.
Steve and Tony's cat was waiting outside the elevator. It gave an odd, creaky chirp, and did its level best to trip him before he could even get through the elevator doors, rubbing against his ankles and coating his pants with orange fur.
His influence could only be felt in the immediate area of the church, and with the wards still in place around the building – both the ones Strange had erected, and the ancient, Asgardian protections that had lain heavy on the spear for millennia – leaving the confines of the sanctuary would require more power than Chthon, still trapped largely in the other realm, currently possessed.
Sin looked at him with cold, flat eyes. "Yes, I remember your stupid spear." She took a step closer to him, leaning up on tiptoe to press the point of one of her snake-handled daggers against his mask. There was a small, scraping sound as metal dragged against metal. "Don't underestimate me, Victor. Daddy thinks you're trying to manipulate us. I don't care, as long as I get to make Barnes and Rogers and the others pay for what they did to him, but
Wanda nodded. "She wants to summon Chthon and let him possess a human vessel. She drugged my tea so that I wouldn't be able to interfere in her ritual."
Hank turned to Rhodey. "Go find Clint. Tell him he needs to get Jan to grow to at least ten feet. Tell him Goliath-sized, he'll know what I mean. She'll increase her mass exponentially, and have a fraction of the amount of the toxin in her system."
Steve glanced back over his shoulder at Wanda and Clint, to find them moving to guard the team's flanks without needing to be told. He didn't need to check where Sam was; he'd been in enough tight situations with him to know which way he would move.
No sooner had Loki's name left his lips for the third time than a cold swirl of fog enveloped him.  Mjolnir was ripped from his grasp, and the floor dropped away beneath him.
"Good luck getting the glue off," Wanda said. "If you're fortunate, they'll only have to take off a few layers of skin to do it."
Clint folded his arms across his chest, and drew himself up to his full height. "I guess you weren't there for the 'we need to support our teammates and help them in their hour of need,' speech Cap gave us all when we first joined the team."
"Iron Man."  Thor greeted him without inflection.  He nodded toward the closed door to the lab that held the containment vault.  "There are at least four imitations of Doom in yon chamber, perhaps more.  I cannot tell which is truly him, if any."  Mjolnir smacked solidly against the palm of his left hand, once, then twice.  "They shall not obtain what they seek."
"No problem," Carol said. She planted her feet and slammed one fist into the edge of the hole Rhodey had burned through the door, breaking through another section of wood. "Want me to handle the press as well?"
“SHIELD’s coming,” he repeated.  He could hear the sound of helicopter rotors overhead again, too loud and the wrong rhythm to be from news copters.
Wanda climbed down off the lab table, brushing the wrinkles out of her skirt. "Do you need Tony's help for this, or can I borrow him for a while?"
Steve sighed. "I don't know. He's awake, and he spoke to Peter before, but I don't know that he's really hearing anything we're saying."
He was halfway to his feet when the guard realized what was happening.  The man shouted, drawing his gun and charging forward.
"I thought you were through with being a hired killer." Steve's voice was even, quiet, and his hands were gentle as he swabbed hydrogen peroxide over the three-inch slice along Barnes's ribs.
The nagging sense of familiarity had bothered her from the beginning; some elements of the curse were similar to the magic that she had used on herself - under Agatha's guidance - to conceive the twins.
shoulder, which felt almost like going out in public half naked, which he technically was if you counted his mostly-bare legs - and said, "Keep your head up and don't listen to anything they say about you."
The smear of soot made a dark streak across one prominent cheekbone. Yesterday, his eyes had been smudged with dark circles, looking almost bruised, but now only faint traces of them remained. He could easily have just emerged from a night spent in the lab, where he been too absorbed in some project or other to sleep.
At any moment, surely, Don would straighten up and lunge for Mjolnir, change back into Thor, and take Doom down with one swing, just before Steve and the rest of the team burst through the warehouse doors.
Steve, who was the one who generally functioned as their liaison with SHIELD, shook his head. "Nick Fury's people haven't seen any sign of them. And the NYPD have come up empty handed, as well. Knowing Zemo, he's probably gone to ground back in Germany, and taken the rest of them with him."
Tony paused in the doorway. "It's not taking advantage of me if I want it," he said, without turning around. Then he was gone, leaving Steve alone.
A low, creaky purr started up behind him, and the cat's needle-sharp little claws dug into the back of his neck, then let go, then dug in again.
"I'm not sure," Steve admitted. "I think this is supposed to be an examination of how photography shaped American conceptions of the West, so it could be either."
Thor arched his back, twisted his hips, and threw Loki off him, sending her sprawling nearly at Wanda's feet.
Don shrugged uncomfortably, reaching up to adjust his hat, which didn't fit. "I'd appreciate it if you kept this quiet. There are still things I need to take care of, and I need some time."
And Tony needed to go sit down somewhere before he keeled over in front of a bunch of emergency workers and in sight of at least two news helicopters, not to mention most of his teammates.
Steve thought his crush on Tony was ridiculous at first, one-sided at most. But their relationship has improved so much lately from the first time they met that the possibility of Steve reading the signs wrongly was nearly zero. The master tactician, fully aware of the risk he’s about to take, takes another deep breath.
"That is not what this is about, Stark." Steve's face began to heat up. Is Tony really going to ask him to spell his feelings out? It didnt make sense to Steve either when he first came to terms with his feelings. Falling in love with someone who infuriates him on a daily basis made him feel like a ten year old boy trying to get a rise from a playground crush. Except that he wasn't pelting mud balls into the neighbour's daughter's hair to get her attention.
"Come right in, Cap. You know the drill - mi casa es su casa, " Tony says, waving a noncommittal hand as he redirects his focus to the holograms projected before him and pretending that he was working on something. In actual fact he had been staring at skeletal blueprints of MARK 47 for 2.5 hours with little to no progress.
in his head. “The cookies are amazing. They’re all for me, right? It’s literally got my face on them. Technically my armor but whatever. God, I miss my suits.”
That is, until one day, Tony decided to be cheeky and ruin the magic. He knew that Clint had a habit of crawling through the vents and no matter how often Tony warned him not to, the highly skilled assassin slash former level seven SHIELD agent slash bane of Tony's existence continued to challenge him. That fateful day, Tony's patience was wearing thin so he deliberately generated a force field when he sensed that Clint was passing through his workshop. The unsuspecting archer was electrocuted to a crisp, and Tony thought it was hi-
Before he could shove the device back into his phone, a new text message flashes on the screen. It's from Tony.
that the Black Widow released to the world, he would have learned a little bit more about the Asset but the genius got himself distracted with all things Steve Rogers.
After a few kisses being exchanged, Tony draws back as though to admire a masterpiece before him. Steve was certain that he looks stupid with his flushed cheeks and heavy breathing. He can't seem to do anything attractive tonight. Of course, Tony would disagree.
Steve then forces himself to ask. "Was that ... too forward? I've never really .. I've never actually uh. I mean I've obviously kissed someone before. Once. Right before -" A frown line appears on his forehead and Tony could tell Steve was getting flashes in his head again.
Tony turns his body so he was facing Steve. He kept the towel pressed to his cheekbone though, but he reaches out to cup Steve's face with his free hand. Almost pliantly, Steve closes his eyes and leans into him.
“Hey Cap,” Tony greets with a reciprocating smile. It reaches his eyes, because he means it. He takes a sip of his iced coffee to avoid looking way too happy to see his team mate.
"YES," Tony insists. "Oh my god. You're adorable. Steve, you break the bars and eat them one at a time!"
"Nah just, just a few. Boxes. I got you a few boxes of each flavour. Didn't know which one you'd take, but Nat said everyone eats Kit Kat. And Clint said he'd eat the ones that you wouldn't so none of these would go to waste," Steve says, rubbing the back of his neck like he'd did something wrong. "You.... wanna try one?" he asks, finally managing to summon some courage to raise his blue eyes to meet Tony's.
He was finally back in New York, and ready to crash into anything between the driveway of his garage to the grease-stained cot in his lab. But since JARVIS was a sneaky AI with too much personality, he insisted that Tony visited the common floor before he caught up with his much needed sleep. Tony was irritable, already grumpy from the lack of rest. To make matters worse, the drink that Happy picked up for him was not his usual order, and it was diabolical.
Steve starts to unbuckle his belt, and Tony gets with the program. It was an awkward angle for the super soldier to remove his pants all the way without standing, so he just shoves the jeans and his underwear down to his thighs as he kneels in front of Tony. He watches how Tony's lips curl into a hungry, predatory smirk as he admires Steve's length, hard as steel and leaking at the tip.
What they actually end up doing that afternoon was singing karaoke in Tony's lab with Tony teaching Steve the words to all of Abba's greatest hits. Steve really liked Dancing Queen for some reason. Sleep came much later, in a form of Tony dozing off on Steve's shoulder, snuggled on the grease-stained cot.
Steve draws a smug look on his face, as though challenged. “Is that so? Well I’ve got a good pair of enhanced lungs, Tony. You can test them out anytime," he says with a wink.
"I'm sorry. I truly am. If you don't feel the same way, we don't have to ever do this again. If you need me to give you space-"
"I feel great, actually. I can't thank you enough, Tony for pulling me out of my funk and getting me into therapy. It's been a heck of a journey and you've always been there with me. I actually came down here to ask you something. I hope it's not weird."
bottle of perfume. Whilst the scent that Tony created was pretty much Chanel No.5 (chemistry was right up his alley anyway), the bottle itself was a vintage, original 1930's Devilbiss atomiser. It was an antique that costs a small fortune but that was never an area that the billionaire struggled with.
This kiss was hotter than the first round, their blood boiling in their veins with both participants finally on the same page about their feelings.
The one Tony got him! The one Tony contemplated a million times before giving to Steve. Whilst the two of them were way past pretending they weren't attracted to each other, the topic of Steve's specific inclinations was still touch and go. Sometimes he could bring himself to talk about it, sometimes it gets overwhelming and he would recoil. Whenever it gets too much, Steve removes himself entirely to take a walk. They've only scratched the surface but Tony was a scientist.
This time, it was Steve who moves first. He daringly slides his hand up Tony's chest, up his collarbone to pull him by his neck. He presses his lips on Tony's, crossing the line forever.
"You," Steve says without thinking. He shakes his head, silently apologising for being forward. His nose nearly touches Tony's. "I don't know all the rules of modern dating, Tony. But I do know that I'm sure of you. How I feel about you."
“No, it’s real, it was a chapel but there was no Elvis. Just me and Steve, our close friends, we had the rings and we were both dressed to the nines and there were beautiful flowers and we walked up the aisle to AC/DC and we had our first dance to Frank Sinatra and it was exactly the wedding
Steve was unpacking boxes in his new apartment when he found one labeled ‘college stuff’ and got curious: inside where a couple books he kept and some notebooks and posters, a bunch of pictures and drawings of all kind. There was Iron Man too, there.
He didn’t expect the Director to be the pet type, yet there was an old cat napping on a small couch, looking perfectly at ease on her bed with a couple toys.
“Oh, this is beautiful…” Steve let out as soft gasp as they stood on the terrace, watching the sunset on the city, he smiled, turning to find Tony staring at him instead of the view before of them and tugged him close in a soft kiss. “You know I love you, right?”
Men like Johnny Storm. That stupid asshole. Steve spent just ten minutes with him and already wanted to throw him off a window.
The next, he could barely get out of bed and the idea of going through another day of treatment made him cry like a baby. He couldn’t hold a pencil, let alone a brush and the smell of paint made him sick every single time he tried to spend some time in the small room where he kept his paintings.
“And if you show your face again, I’ll call security.” Howard called after him, keeping the door of his office open.
“He’s being raised by two British lesbians. He’s not under USA regulations because he’s visiting, Mrs. Wilson.” Steve yelled back. “He can have a couple beers if he wants.”
“Mh, me too.” Steve took the papers from him and wrapped his arms around his shoulders, cuddling him warmly. “…where’s my underwear?”
Tony stood up and grabbed him roughly, kissing him hard once more before turning him around and pushing him on the desk, enjoying the sound Steve let out. “You came here to be used, fucked like a cheap whore.”
Steve laughed a little as Jack cut the call short, smiling adoringly to himself. He was going to make it far.
Steve nodded and stretched some before getting up, wrapping one of the sheets they ruined with wax around his hips and taking Tony’s hand, lifting it to kiss his knuckles. “We could try edible body paint.” He suggested as they reached the door. “I could paint you like one of my French girls, take pretty pictures and then clean it up.”
“I spoke with the people in charge and told them about my situation and I’ve asked them a favor and they agreed.”
“So am I.” Steve replied. “What I want to show with all of this, is that I do not need Tony’s money or his influence or his name to live a good life.”
Sam and Bucky showed up for the end of the year, bringing a suitcase filled with fan mail that arrived to his place. Apparently, someone leaked that he was undergoing treatment for brain cancer online and fans of Iron Man started showering him with love and encouragements.
At some point his mother moved back to sit next to Howard, his arm around her shoulder and their hands intertwined; Tony was sitting across from them, feeling exhausted, his eyes red and slightly swollen as he stared the door intently, praying whatever entity was gracious enough to give him Steve not to take him away from him. He knew he was not worth it but he was doing his best.
“Like it’s a chore to cuddle you.” Steve grinned. “You can take them home and read them in bed with me if you want.” He added, a not-so-subtle hint of flirt in his tone.
“Aye.” Steve replied in a whisper. “But mostly the lasses and children.” He winked, leaving Stark to laugh as he returned to the cot and laid back down, switching tune to one about booze:
Howard lingered a moment in the room, standing at the end of the bed and sharing a look with Steve, his mouth opening and closing a couple times before he finally said: “Thank you, son.” and patted his ankle awkwardly.
“You know there’s sex tapes of me around the internet, right?” Tony answered, leaning into the kisses. “My dick is very much public knowledge at this point.”
Steve could feel the judging glares directed his way without needing to look up from his phone. Those looks had been following ever since he walked through the front door and the security guard planted in front of him demanding to know if he had an appointment. Which he had. Thank you. He knew Howard hated him: the man had made it clear enough the first time Tony invited him over to their Martha’s Vineyard house for a weekend. Those two days had been at the same time lovely and terrifying.
Tony moaned again, starting to thrust again and only resisting a couple more minutes before he was coming as well, holding onto the desk to keep himself up as Steve drank him down, lapped every drop like a dying man in the desert.
Tony was made of metal, made of sharp edges and sharp words, made of bright colors and cold attitude.
No matter what everyone thought, Tony knew his limits. He had many many years of practicing with booze and he could tell when he was drunk. He wasn’t drunk now.
But right now Steve was distracted and Tony could take the chance and surprise him, sweep him off his red boots.
It felt real when they were laying on the beach in California and Tony was talking about the stars and constellations above them.
For a moment, waking up in Tony’s bed and feeling his arms around him, he couldn’t remember where he was and who was with him.
When the invites for the Halloween party arrived, Tony started joking about dressing up all slutty and sexy for Steve and he replied he would dress up as his favorite Captain then. He even winked as he did.
"People were jumping out of windows and screaming and attacking stuff that wasn't there," Sam was saying. "She's not in her right mind right now. This isn't about you."
Cap stood up, taking a single step away from the bed. "Where is he? Is he still down there? Why hasn't he come up?"
He concentrated on breathing in deeply through his nose, willing away the nausea, and then Hank was yanking at the other chain.  This one took longer to give, the bolts giving way one by one as the strain in Don's shoulder and arm worsened.
"I'm not going to argue," Sam said mildly. "I'm just going to remind him that being a superhero is not currently against the law."
"Great," Clint sighed. He didn't look comforted; Tony had the feeling his words hadn't been helpful. "So I'm a date-rape victim. Why does that not make me feel better?"
Tony was in the middle of the stock brokers, trying to separate them. Two of them had ahold of his arms, and a third was battering at him with another chair, while the fourth attempted to detach one of the others away from Tony in order to continue their fight.
"I could tell," Carol said, her voice flat. "Afterwards, anyway. Even when it was happening, I knew something was wrong. I just couldn't do anything about it."
"We can all agree that Jan can do better than any of us - it's not like she hasn't told us so - but that's not what this conversation is about."
he was miscarrying. "I'm almost certain you're having a miscarriage." How many Gs had Tony pulled in the armor during that fight yesterday? Or was his body simply rejecting the baby because it wasn't actually designed for pregnancy, or because the fetus had some inherent genetic flaw? Then the rest of Tony's statement caught up with him. "You told Thor?" Thor had many good qualities, but the ability to keep a secret was not one of them.
and I have to take medication that won't work if I grow to Giant-Man or Goliath size and will kill me if I shrink, he thought. He didn't say it, because the whole topic was an uncomfortable one, for himself more than anyone else. It was humiliating to have to sit on the sidelines because he couldn't function like a normal person without medication, and hadn't figured out how to keep the levels of it in his bloodstream stable while shrinking.
that. He knows why I- he was the one who debriefed me when I got back from Afghanistan." Tony's voice had risen, and he was speaking faster now, the world tumbling over one another. "And then he went behind my back last year and stole my patents and my tech, and if you think any of that was just going to stay in SHIELD's hands and not end up being used wherever the government wanted it to be, which it
The body fell to the floor with a loud, metallic thud, and Carol turned and slung the head underhand  at one of the no-longer-armed goons.  He went down as well, nearly taking one of his buddies with him, and the remaining two invaders left on their feet glanced from her, to Clint and his borrowed energy weapon, to Wanda.
Wanda looked away, her shoulders hunching ever so slightly. "I'm sorry about that," she said. "I didn't mean to destroy your home, Tony."
Sam caught her eyes, irritation clear on his face, and Jan felt a moment's kinship with him; he didn't like being left in the dark about whatever was causing the silent tension in the room any more than she did.
When Steve entered the infirmary, Tony was buttoning his shirt and casting longing glances at the door. When he saw Steve standing in the doorway, he stiffened, the expression in his eyes shifting from impatient to trapped.
Numbers did them little good as long as he had a gun, Don thought, as he tried to get his feet under him.  He could use the wall to push himself upright again, and look at least vaguely like he was still where he was supposed to be.
"No," Steve said. "I don't think you would have." Tony did his best not to flinch as Steve's hand landed on his shoulder, tugging at him gently but firmly. Tony let himself be turned around; he'd never been good at saying no to Steve, not unless it was important.
She let go of his chin and straightened, and Don wished viciously for his cane.  One swipe at her ankles with it, and she would be the one falling face-first onto the floor.  Or not — Loki was stronger than he was, immensely so.
Even by Tony's own exacting standards, the SI San Andreas Valley energy plant was a success. He owed Vibro a debt of gratitude for this one - it was the perfect location for a geothermal energy plant, located as it was almost directly over a major fault line and very close to SI's main west coast manufacturing plant, and if it weren't for the rock-manipulating supervillain's brief reign of earthquake-fueled terror, he might never have thought of putting the spearhead of SI's green energy program here. The underground chamber the Termite had hollowed out in order to create his secret lair full of bad sculpture had made an excellent place to position the plant's machinery and start drilling down to the underground aquifer below, where vast amounts of continually renewable heat waited to be transformed into electrical power.
"Are you all right?" Steve was stepping forward without the need for thought, wrapping one hand around the wet fabric of Tony's upper arm to pull him upright again.
Steve shook his head, smiling, and sat down on the mat beside Tony. "Would it help if I brought you coffee?" he asked.
Hank's wrists jerked, the chains scraping against the wall.  "For christ's sake, I've explained this over and over."  The words burst out of him, not actually loud, but quick and intense enough that they might as well have been.  "Of course I was thinking about the consequences.  All the other options were worse.  The original supersoldier serum only ever worked properly on three people, and you don't want to know what happened to the others."  Hank's face twisted for a moment, something between a snarl and a silent, frustrated sob.  "Tony's Extremis virus has a ninety percent fatality rate. Testing that on human subjects would be committing murder in the name of science.  Cloning Thor was supposed to be the safer option, the one that wouldn't hurt anybody.  I didn't think it would be Thor, but I thought..." he swallowed hard, "at least we'd be creating life instead of destroying it."  He looked away, then, head bowed, and added, voice uneven, "No one was supposed to die."
"Let's hear them then," Steve said. After that, he let Tony do all of the talking; his mouth was otherwise occupied.
Carol pressed her thumb against the tiny biometric lock tucked discreetly into the corner of the door frame, and waited while it analyzed her fingerprint and possibly her DNA. After a moment, the door unlocked with an audible click, and for the first time in over a year, she was inside the Avengers Mansion.
That was good, Steve thought. Wanda deserved to have something go well for her, after the last year. First the loss of her children, then her marriage ending, then Immortus's attempt to take over her body... At least she was back, now. He'd been worried when she had briefly joined forces with Magneto that they had lost her. Possession was a hard thing to come back from, and Wanda had already had to do it once before.
There was a long silence, and Tony was about to pick up his welding torch and get to work again, and hope that Steve would take the hint and leave, when Steve spoke again.
Wanda winced almost imperceptibly, but nodded.  “I knew she would be.  Chthon began modifying me to be his avatar before I was born, and she didn’t even have any powers, or innate magical ability.  Channeling that much chaos power through her body would have destroyed her.”
And he wasn't, but that didn't make trying to play peacemaker between his... lover? boyfriend? All the words he knew for it sounded silly – and one of his oldest friends any easier.
Sin ripped the spear back out, sending a spray of blood arcing through the air, and Tony collapsed to the pavement, unmoving.
Tony shook his head. "Steve refuses to entertain the idea of living anywhere outside the five boroughs, and he considers Staten Island's inclusion debatable. My chances of ever living in another city again are slim to none." People thought of Steve as the quintessential all-American poster boy, but he was a city kid at heart, and New York was
One cold hand gripped his jaw, just under the edge of the mask, holding him in place like a vise. Doom started to grab for her wrist, then made himself stop. Failing to meet her challenge would be showing weakness. He was Victor von Doom, and he did not back down from a challenge; he had revealed his bare face before when it served his purposes, and he could do so again.
"They prescribe it for all kinds of things; how should I know?" Hank frowned, something finally penetrating his mad scientist glee. "Why are you so interested in this?"
Steve's frown deepened, his jaw tightening. "The Red Skull is dead. Who is she taking orders from now?"
Wanda had thought there was nothing left inside of her to throw up, but now she found herself forcing down a fresh surge of nausea. Of course it was Chthon. Who else would have brought her to Mount Wundagore? What else would be capable of warping and controlling her powers so completely?
A metal tentacle looped around his ankle, and Hank went sprawling, managing to twist just enough to hit the ground with his shoulder instead of his face. Another tentacle wrapped around his waist, pinning his left arm to his side. Hank struggled, trying to pull free and fighting the instinct to shrink down. The metal coils were smooth, with nothing to give a 'victim' any purchase if one's hands weren't large enough to wrap completely around them.
Tony shook his head slightly. "We have to. We have to take control of the story now, before it spins out of control."
Clint heard the rustling sound of the plastic curtain being shoved aside, followed by a pained groan. He looked up and found himself staring at a familiar set of flat, Scandinavian cheekbones, set in a face that would have been pretty if it weren't for the flattened nose, which had to have been broken at least once, and the thin lips. Granted, he was more used to seeing that face towering above him and twice as broad, and there was usually a winged helmet above it instead of an ugly, shapeless hat, but there was still no mistaking exactly who was currently starring at him with a distinctly deer in the headlights look.
"I can take you back to your teammates," Strange offered several minutes later, when both of their teacups were empty and Wanda had regained some of her composure.
"Just pick one and open it," Tony suggested from the bed, where he was leaning back on his elbows and looking thoroughly debauched in a way that begged to be sketched, if only Steve had known which box held his art supplies. "I don't know what's in them, either." His own collection of boxes was smaller than Steve's, but only because at least sixty percent of the things he'd wanted to bring over from the tower were already sitting downstairs in the mansion's lab. Several of the larger pieces of equipment had had to be hauled over via quinjet.
He avoided using the Extremis for the rest of the day, relying on clunky laptops and cell phones and even letting one of Fury's minions fly him back to Stark Tower in an aircar — disconcertingly, Barnes had shown up to drive it, despite undoubtedly having better things to do. When he called the armor to fly him home at the end of the day, he remembered why.
he knew better than to even try. She known, all along, that there had been something wrong with him, but it hadn't really penetrated until he'd already been arrested, after Egghead had tricked him into helping the supervillain with his latest scheme. She'd been too hurt, too angry, and the way Hank had acted hadn't made any
Scanning them with the armor's sensors was useless; each one appeared human not only to infrared heat sensors, but to the armor's more complex biorhythm sensors.  They had heartbeats, something that registered on his sensors as functioning lungs, and even minute electrical impulses that mimicked human brain activity.  Doom might be a megalomaniacal drama queen in a silly mask, but he was a genius with tech.
Clint had been standing there for a couple of minutes when the nurse from before, the good-looking, blonde one, materialized next to him.
He glanced back at Steve and Barnes and frowned; the fresh gauze was already spotted with blood. Too much blood to come from a shallow cut no more than a handspan in length.
It was true — transforming into Thor would heal almost any injury he received — but Hank didn't look convinced.  Don gave him a shove in Jan's general direction.  "Get her out of there fast.  My leg hurts, and Doom could come back any time."
"He's already signed on with the Initiative," Tony said, a tiny line appearing between his eyebrows as he considered the idea. "And when he's not convinced that you're insulting the cult he belongs to, he's good with people."
"I won't get cold feet. Why does everyone keep second guessing me?" Steve launched another spin kick at Sam's upper torso, only to find his ankle grabbed firmly in both Sam's hands.
It wouldn't have been fair, anyway. Not when he'd already been asking so much of Rhodey. He'd thought, once or twice, that it might be a way to repay Rhodey for everything Tony had put him through, but he was trying to be honest with himself these days, and honesty meant admitting that sex with Rhodey would really have been for Tony's own benefit. He'd wanted comfort, affection, affirmation, wanted to lose himself in someone else's body, and it didn't hurt that Rhodey's body was not only solid and hard with cleanly defined muscle, but also faintly reminiscent of Steve's.
Steve's jaw tightened. "You always think you can handle things. Some things, some people, are too dangerous to control."
"Ultraviolet spectrum lights."  Tony gestured at  his crumpled white dress shirt.  There was a small oil stain on his  right cuff, Steve noticed.  "They make white clothing glow."
Somehow, the fact that Hank hadn’t thought it through made it even worse, and Don had to fight the impulse to shout at him.  “Do you have any idea what lithium poisoning can do to people?”  Nearly two solid days of disaster and bloodshed and near-apocalypse, and they had come closest to losing one of their teammates through pure accidental stupidity
"Clint," Hank said, as he started to power up the various pieces of scanning equipment they had acquired courtesy of Stark industries and Reed Richards, "go call Don Blake. Or, no, call Strange. He's the one that's been working on Tony."
Jan leaned back on her elbows and smiled at Steve, her expression wicked. "Yes, and we all appreciated it while it lasted." She turned the smile on Hank, and it shifted from wicked to outright flirtatious, despite the fact that Hank was visibly battered and wasn't exactly an object of admiration at the moment. "Just as we appreciated it when Hank wore that Goliath costume that had two leather straps instead of a shirt."
The penthouse at Stark Tower was empty — Sam and Jarvis long since jumped ship to the now-completed Avengers Mansion, Hank was nowhere to be found, probably still buried in one lab or the other, and Thor was gone, too. Either he or Don was probably back in Oklahoma. They both had responsibilities there.
The man behind the bakery counter finished ringing up her purchase and wished her a good afternoon, while she stood frozen, still clutching the loaf of bread she had just bought.
"I'm so sorry," Tony said, the words muffled by his hands. "I don't mean to hurt you, but I keep doing it anyway."
The system's reaction-time to hits with Clint's arrows was lagging; the simulation reacted to the impacts a fraction slower than it should have, and the data display that should have broken down the exact angle of impact and degree of force the arrow had hit at simply read "error." Was there something wrong with the motion sensors? The pressure sensors monitoring the impact? The coding? The interface between the sensors and the computer? Hank made a mental note to mention it to Tony. Let him be the one to go over all the code line by line; it was probably his error anyway.
Tony looked up, the faint light from the window making his face appear washed out, his hair and goatee even darker than normal.
"I'd have googled it, but I couldn't remember how to spell it." Google searches on medical stuff always seemed to turn up as many ads and weird homeopathic remedies as they did actual information, anyway.
At least they hadn't taken Sam.  The thought made him feel like a selfish bastard, as well as a terrible friend and team leader — he shouldn't be relieved to have one friend's safety come at the expense of another's — but Sin had a personal vendetta against all the people who'd been directly involved in the Red Skull's death, Sam included.  Tony was probably right that she would hand Jan and Hank over to Doom in order to keep his goodwill.  Sam, she would never have given up, no matter how many alliances it cost her.  And if past experience was anything to go by, she might actually have lived up to her threat to send his body parts to Bucky in a box.
And though Thor hadn't said so in so many words, Tony had a strong impression that his willingness to speak to him again was contingent on his seeing a doctor. An end to months of the silent treatment was worth a little cold and discomfort, and even worth SHIELD agents who looked barely out of their teens staring at him as they ducked into the infirmary to get minor injuries treated or make dental appointments.
Tony drew in a deep breath, and when he spoke, it was in the same cool, distant tone Steve had heard him use on television after the Helicarrier had exploded. "The Mandarin's rings introduced a bug into the Extremis, corrupted part of the code. The healing factor isn't working properly, which is why the headaches are back. Until the coding is repaired, using it causes damage, so I'm going to be less useful in the field for a little while."
No wonder she had been so hungry for human contact when Clint had come looking for her – all her supposed interaction with other people for months before that had been a lie. She had been alone in that house for half a year when he had come. Longer, maybe.
Tony closed his laptop with a click, pushing it away, and rubbed at his face again, this time with both hands, digging his fingers into his temples in little circular motions. "I'll send Pepper an email," he said, the words muffled. "I'm supposed to come in for a meeting with the design team for the Boeing thing first thing tomorrow morning, and Fury wants to talk to me about something or other, and she's getting deluged with calls and emails from reporters who want an interview; Sally Floyd's left her six voicemails this week. And I'm getting nowhere with this." He waved a hand at the laptop. "I know I can increase the power output by another fifteen percent, but I can't
"Not a disaster?" Layton's eyes widened, bulging out even further than they normally did and increasing his unfortunate resemblance to a frog. "How would
He should have said something, told her that he understood, that it was all right, but he couldn't find the words.
Hank went stiff, making another little strangled sound in the back of his throat as Tony ran his tongue across Hank's lower lip, trying to coax him into opening his mouth.
"The Inhumans won't talk to us, the X-Men won't talk to you, Thor hates us..." Hank ticked the points off on his fingers with the end of the miniature screwdriver. "I suppose it could be worse. At least we don't have to run off and start our own team this time."
Rhodey picked up on the subtext instantly, his face breaking into a grin that showed off even white teeth. "Oh yeah. Come on, I'm a jet pilot. There's no such thing as too much throttle. Plus, that finicky suspension and all those fancy electronic add-ons in your ride weren't my idea of a good time anyway. You practically had to have an engineering degree to operate it. I prefer to put all my attention on the road."
Tony fired his jet boots and took off. Wanda's old teacher might be protected against her former student's magic, but that didn't necessarily mean that whatever sorcerous defenses she had would stand up against repulsor blasts.
All things considered, he preferred arrogantly-sure-he-was-right, it's-all-my-responsibility-let-me-decide-FOR-you Tony to apologetic, broken Tony. It was just wrong to see Tony unsure of himself.
"It's evil and poisonous and has an antidote," Hank crowed. "Of course," his face fell almost immediately, "I don't know how physostigmine will interact with the other elements in this."
"Please don't say that, Tony." Hank heard Jan's voice, first, laden with disgust, and then she stepped out of the elevator and into his line of sight. Her costume was smudged with dust and her hair was tangled from the wind, and she looked absolutely gorgeous. And completely fine and uninjured in any way.
Thor closed the door behind him and reached for the light switch. The click of the door shutting and the burst of illumination as the lights came on once more occurred simultaneously, and Tony straightened, head snapping up, then curled forward again and tried to shade his eyes with one hand.
"You're pronouncing it wrong," Hank said, not looking up from the computer screen he was squinting at. "Come over here and tell me if these look the same to you."
Clint's gun made a barely audible whining sound as he fired it, the momentary flash of illumination showed Doom silhouetted against the darkness of the hallway, his armor a blaze of reflections and his dark green cloak leeched of color.  He dodged sideways, faster than anybody wearing that much armor ought to be able to, and Clint's energy bolt burned a chunk out of his cloak rather than catching him squarely in the center of his breastplate.
Hank had frozen in the doorway, face gone dead white. He looked sick, like someone who'd been stabbed in the gut and was only just looking down to see the knife sticking out of him.
"You no longer have the security clearance necessary for me to confirm or deny that," Sharon told him, voice cool.
"It's good to be back." Wanda closed her book, keeping a finger between the pages to mark her place. "I was so far away from myself for so long that when I look back at what I was doing, what I was thinking, it doesn't even seem like me. It wasn't all me, I know that now - some of it was Immortus - but I think I lost my way before that. First I lost the- the twins, and then Vision, and then I even lost control of my powers." She set the book to one side and pulled her bare feet up onto her chair, tucking one foot under her and wrapping her arms around her knee. "And then Immortus... I know it's not as bad as what happened to Carol, as what Marcus did to her, but it was still a, a kind of violation."
Hank had already resigned himself to an hour or so of tedious and vaguely humiliating physical effort. The thought of Jan watching and enjoying the view made it a little more appealing, but not much.
Having said it, he felt vaguely embarrassed, considering the position Thor had managed to get him into.
"Looks like that's the main problem area," Sam agreed. He blinked, pulling his vision away from Redwing's and looking through his own eyes again. Steve was blurred for a moment, and then everything readjusted and was normal again. "Everyone down here looks pretty normal. But if we start bringing screaming, hysterical people down from the restaurant, that's gonna change pretty quickly." The two of them started towards the stairwell, keeping their pace to a quick walk. If the people crowded into the lobby saw them running, it wouldn't help in keeping the calm.
The thought that Agatha's death might not have occurred at Chthon's hands was little comfort. Even if that was the case, it wouldn't bring her back, and the weight of the months she had spent believing in something that wasn't Agatha, neither missing her nor mourning her, loomed oppressively over her. It was only one of many regrets.
"At least you didn't get yourself electrocuted this time," Steve offered, resisting the impulse to lay a hand on one dejected metal shoulder. There were news vans from three different television stations parked only a few dozen feet away.
The next few moments were a blur of fists and impacts and the unbearably sexy muted sounds Steve made when he fought. Tony managed to disengage and dance backwards, wiping sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand before it could drip into his eyes. "You had to give her a second chance," he said, grinning at Steve, "or it would have been obvious that you only forgave me because you're sleeping with me."
Tony was fairly sure that Carol was on the East Coast team at this point, thanks to Steve and Jan's hints that she pick a coast and stick to it. "She and Henry had a... falling out, over Simon." Which was something he was going to have to ask Henry about, eventually, given that he'd only heard Carol's probably-biased side of the story. How exactly had he managed to lure Simon away from a threesome with two stunningly attractive women, one of whom had pheromone-enhanced sex appeal? "They're trying to avoid each other, but she went back to LA anyway because she and Jessica are in the 'ill-advised post-breakup sex' phase of a relationship."
If this was any other day, Steve would probably start to sheepishly excuse himself. But not tonight. He was tired. He was heart broken. He much rather not have a conversation about being rejected by Tony with anyone, but since Clint has always been the most openly supportive of Steve and Tony 'getting it on', Steve was somewhat thankful that of all people, it was the archer who he had bumped into.
Steve straightens his back and closes the door of the fridge before he meets Clint's eyes. Instead of breaking into something cheeky, Clint had a stoic expression on his face and says nothing. He looks almost sorry.
"There's no medical reason why Stephen shouldn't wake up soon." The Night Nurse touched Strange's bandaged left hand gently, much the way Wong had earlier – but coming from a supposedly clinical and detached medical professional, the gesture looked entirely different than it had coming from a close friend. And she had called him "Stephen."
"You're a genius," Jan said.  "You'll have me out of here in no time."  The cheer didn't even sound forced, though Don suspected it was.
The heat was like a physical pressure against his face and arms, enough to be just this side of painful. Like the noise, and the smell of hot metal, it was welcome, soothing.
"I hate you," Tony informed him, smiling again in spite of himself. "Just so you know that." Rhodey had a point, actually, and Tony winced inwardly yet again at the way he'd thrown himself at poor Hank.
"So protective of these mortals. It doesn't become you, stepbrother. They live out their lives in the blink of an eye, weak and pitifully easy to deceive. What virtues do they possess that drives you to side with them against me?"
Tony shook his head. "Neither did I, obviously." His voice was bitter. He wrapped his arms around his ribcage, shoulders hunched in on himself, and stared at a point on the carpet behind and slightly to the left of Steve.
"Right there. If you unhook that part, I can get the rest just fine." His arm didn't want to bend at that kind of an angle without sharp protests. "We were on a team together for a long time," Steve added, as Sam undid the tiny hook and eye fastening and then, without ceremony, nudged his arms upward and yanked the entire top of his costume off. "Before he..."
"That's great, Hank." Clint drew a deep breath in through his nose, and reminded himself that he really did like Hank. "I'm really glad I'm not a mutant and you and Jan are some kind half mutants or something. What's the medication for?"
The pain in his side was sudden and blinding; Strange grabbed for the altar rail, fighting the urge to curl around the pain, his concentration shattered for one brief, fatal moment.
The original squid had washed up against a pier in New Jersey yesterday, dead, with the two tentacles Spiderman had stabbed with his stingers reduced to rotting masses of necrotized flesh, so even though his wrist had swelled up to the size of a baseball due to an allergic reaction to its slime, Jan privately voted him the victor. His previous anxiety over whether or not he was growing to grow squid arms as a result of the reaction had now shifted to worrying that the squid might have been sentient. Hank, still occupied with dissecting it, had assured him that it wasn't. Spiderman, as it turned out, was difficult to reassure, and Hank's best efforts hadn't exactly helped matters.
The shower on this floor was an old industrial shower, left over from the building's original incarnation as a warehouse. It was about the same size as a walk-in closet.
"We had a plan," he said, keeping his voice level with a supreme effort of will. If he shouted in here, the sound would echo off the roof and walls and be audible outside. "No part of the plan involved you attacking SHIELD agents in Central Park." He slammed a mailed fist into the wall, feeling brick crumble under his hand; it wasn't as satisfying as putting the same fist through her empty skull would be, but it would have to suffice. "Your rash actions have cost us the element of surprise. Every fool in a costume will be on guard now, knowing that you're in the city."
"Did you?" Tony repeated, leaning forward and letting a little more of his weight press against Steve's throat. It made his hips shift in interesting ways.
Steve managed to turn sideways and take the punch intended for his face on his right shoulder, which spared him the moment of dizziness a blow to the head might have cost him, but only further cemented his arm's temporary uselessness.
Tony winced, wanting automatically to deny it – wanting to deny anything that Thor said to him in that tone of voice – but knowing that it was true. He wasn't especially proud of it, but the ability to follow through on the most practical or effective course of action was vital in the business world as well as in politics and superheroing, and someone had to be the pragmatic one. "This has nothing to do with that," he said, instead. "Steve, will you just compromise for once? Sometimes surviving is more important than principles. We don't have to actually
"I should strangle thee," Thor told him, the familiar pronoun slipping out without thought.  "What medicines dost thou take?"
She probably ought to vote no as well, Jan knew. Keeping a watchful eye on a teammate, trusting them to do the right thing, to use their powers wisely, was something they all did every day, but after a disaster as complete as Wanda's possession-driven breakdown, it would be foolish to just let her walk back onto the team without proving herself. She had kicked Hank off the team for a reason, all those years ago, and it hadn't been because he'd given her a black eye – he'd come within inches of getting the rest of them killed. They hadn't been able to trust his judgment, any more than they'd been able to trust Tony's judgment when he'd been drinking, though he'd thankfully taken himself off the team of his own volition before Jan or Steve had had to do it for him. Carol, too, had needed to be stricken from the Avengers roster when she'd been drinking, and it had taken more than simply her insistence that she was fine, afterwards, for Steve to agree to let her back on.
"Carol," Wanda said, moving into the room. At least she looked uneasy, too. She was in civilian clothing, in dark colors, and her gloves were missing. The spiky black tattoos on the backs of her hands stood out in sharp relief, like a Shi-ar's facial markings.
The room was full of the sound of too many people speaking too loudly, all at once. Hank was apologizing to Jan for not getting back from wherever he'd stormed off to in time to help confront Loki. Wanda was protesting to Sam that she and Clint should have been told about Loki's arrival immediately, and that she couldn't help them if she didn't know what was going on. Clint was on the phone with the West Coast Avengers, filling Carol in. And Tony was making a thus far unsuccessful attempt to get Steve and Thor to see reason.
"Or out of costume," Tony muttered. "Remind me to tell Pepper that Morgan is definitely not invited."
And Redwing fell out of the sky like a missile, snatching the spear from the ground with a shrill scream that was echoed by Sam.
"You have no right to keep the spear from me!" Loki's snarling face appeared in the mirror over the fireplace mantle, mere inches from his shoulder.
Steve nodded. "I know what you mean." Los Angeles didn't have personality that New York City had, but then, no other place Steve had been did. Of course, he might be biased; New York was home, and always had been.
Don thought, glaring at the iridescent sheen of her cape. "Thor's not here right now," he spat. "And if he were, he wouldn't be inclined to listen to you."
"Oh," she frowned. "Speaking of which, where have you been? May and I have been biting our fingernails for the past hour."
"We can't afford any distractions right now. Not until Chthon's been dealt with." Tony had the sound of a man trying to convince himself.
Hank rolled away, shoving himself to his feet inches ahead of a low-power laser blast. Practice arrows, of course. The real, fully charged shock arrows would have knocked him out cold, the electric charge travelling the length of the metal tentacles and taking him out along with them.
It had had a cape with a flared, stand-up collar tall enough that it had nearly been even with Wanda's ears. The cape had been pink.
He took Rhodey by the wrist and nearly dragged him toward the dance floor and away from Morgan's flustered and still faintly leering presence.
The nave of the cathedral was dark, except for a scattering of candles in front of a statue of the Virgin.  Doom's spell muffled her footsteps, so her boots made only a faint whispering sound against the stone floor.  It sounded almost like words.
make things all right for Tony just by being there. The memory of how utterly useless and powerless he'd been when Tony had been drinking was still painfully raw proof of how much of a fantasy that was. He could still taste the despair of that last meeting in the hotel room, when he'd tried to help and Tony had sent him away. Tony had refused all help, then. Refused it over the matter of getting his armor back, too.
"We know, Tony," Wanda sighed. "Trust me, we know." She gave Tony an apologetic little half-smile. He didn't smile back.
"Wong called us." Jan nodded to where Wong was standing by Strange, exchanging significant glances with the Night Nurse while she wrote something down on the clipboard that Wanda assumed contained Strange's medical information. She wondered what kind of entry one would make on a medical chart for "metaphysically attacked by an elder god."
Hank shook his head. "I don't have rattlesnake anti-venom, or any other kind of snake anti-venom. I work with insects," he added quickly, as Steve's eyes narrowed.
No, Tony would have heard about that. Morgan always came to him when he was in financial trouble. And if he'd gotten himself into yet more trouble while Tony hadn't been in the picture to bail him out, then that was his own fault, not Tony's.
Rhodey looked up, raised an eyebrow at Steve, and shook his head slightly, frustration visible in the set of his face for a moment. "You know, I wouldn't expect you of all people to have any issues with superheroes getting government training."
"—and then," Clint said, coming off the elevator a few minutes later with a bounce in his step, "he said that being turned into a living bomb was part of his father's dream. I hope he has a really
Not enough to keep her from being able to absorb their energy.  It burned in her veins and across her skin, something about the power not quite right, but she could feel it settling into the empty places inside her, recharging her.
Don stared down at the gold ring that glinted malevolently up at him from his right palm, and resisted the urge to rub at his face where Loki's hand had been. He could still feel her nail sliding over his face, leaving a trail of tingling skin, as if she were still touching him.
Sam had been remarkably good-natured about it when Steve had dragged him into the den to watch movies with him.
It made the hair along her arms stand up. Power, ready for the taking, or ready for those who could forms of magic other than pure chaos energy, anyway.
"Obviously."  Doom sounded, if possible, even more disdainful.  "But by the time Loki makes her move, I shall be too powerful for a minor chaos deity to touch, something you, my dear doctor, are going to help me with.  Once I've absorbed the power of the spear and attained godhood, I shall return here and revert you to your true form.  When I sacrifice you to myself and devour Thor's soul, the power of the Odin force will be mine to command.  I will rule Valhalla as well as earth, and Loki's powers will useless against me. "
"They'd tip Doom off," Sharon said, without looking up from the map.  "And we're still on shaky ground with Washington after the Lemurian incident."
His knees hit the floor hard. Matt was saying something, trying to pull the writhing Cloak of Levitation out of the way so that he could touch Strange's side again. "Leave the knife where it is," Strange snapped at him, as he struggled to release the power that was flaying his soul. Dark magic, even the powers of Dormammu and Satannish, was still rooted in a kind of order, still obeyed commands. This magic was unstable, dangerous; he had to release it, had to stop drawing on it before it destroyed him.
Tony stood obediently, stepping forward to mold himself against Steve's body. His hands still on Steve's waist, he pulled their hips flush together and kissed Steve, hard.
The doctors had finished with both her and Sam in a matter of minutes, but Steve had insisted that they brief SHIELD on what had happened here rather than going to a conference room; Tony would have been grateful not to be cut out of things, but he suspected that Steve just didn't want to leave him.
His vessel strode down the long center aisle of the church, the votive candles the mortals had lit to their virgin goddess extinguishing as she passed them.  She had entered through stealth, but would not need it in order to leave.  He was Chthon, and no mortal could stop him.
“We got him too, for now.  He’ll probably be out of the Helicarrier’s brig by tomorrow, but at least he’s out of our hair for the moment.”
But then, Tony had always been funny about his technology. Wanda had said that having control of her powers taken from her bad been like being violated; Tony's armor, his designs, were as much a part of who he was as Wanda's mutation and magic.
If this  had still been the old Avengers, that would have gotten him a five  minute lecture on the importance of good nutrition from Thor, who had  not only been proud of being both barbaric and heathen, but had also  been a doctor in his civilian guise.  Well, that, or Hank McCoy would  have told him that people who skipped breakfast were however many times  more likely to die young than people who didn't.
Redwing banked sharply to the left, letting out a steam whistle scream of displeasure, and the planter crashed into a store window.
"At least he didn't do this one on purpose. Not that it will matter much in the long run." Rhodey shrugged one shoulder. "I should... someone should go handle the media. One of the nurses was doing a good job of it when I came in, but I'm sure she's got better things to do."
Halfway to Steve, the cat froze. For a long, motionless moment, he stared at the vault with his back arched and his tail puffed out like a bottle brush. Then he hissed and streaked out of the room.
"Interesting." Sharon's voice was serious, with the slightest hint of something that might have been skepticism, or might have been unease. "She's probably delusional, but... when Red Skull was killed the first time, everyone in this room saw his corpse. SHIELD autopsied it. I touched it. And then he showed up in Alexander Lukin's body."
Even thinking about it too hard made him feel sick, violated, made him long desperately for a drink. His body literally wasn't his own anymore. He'd been handling being female, not enjoying it, save for those moments when he was with Steve, but handling it. His body had let him down before; this had only been a new and occasionally humiliating variation on a theme. He'd just had to take it one day at a time, get through each board meeting, party, conference, and newspaper interview as it came.
She'd been so irrationally terrified... It had gotten better once she was larger, but it hadn't gone away until several hours after they'd started dosing her with Hank's antidote. After she'd cried all over Clint and thrown a screaming fit at the sight of Hank.
"I'm afraid we're not dealing with potential at the moment." Strange raised an eyebrow at Tony. "You truly don't know, do you?"
Steve was holding him so tightly that it almost hurt, repeating his name over and over. Tony let himself go limp, sagging against Steve and closing his eyes. What ever had happened, there were almost certainly things that needed to be dealt with, but they could wait; for now Tony couldn’t process anything beyond the fact that Steve was alive, was here, was all right.
It had the sound of something she'd worried over for a long time, and Jan suspected that these weren't just Simon's concerns she was voicing.
It was really remarkable that the three of them hadn't killed... well, more people than they actually had. Including themselves.
Perhaps he would have Richards kneel naked at the foot of his throne with a chain around his neck. But only if he begged for his worthless life first.
Tony had been pulling his punches. And he'd never changed the armor's override codes. Whether consciously or not, Tony's heart hadn't been in that fight. There were times when Steve wondered if he'd ever stop kicking himself for not sitting down to a reasonable discussion with Tony sooner; it would have spared all of them so much misery.
Carol was silent for a long moment. Maybe she had said too much, made it too much about herself. She didn't talk about her marriage — former marriage — to her teammates very often for a reason. It made things awkward, even with people who didn't know why it had ended.
Tony winced, memories he'd been trying to avoid rearing their heads again and bringing guilt with them. "I've apologized for that," he said, studying his shoes - how was he going to run in these, if something happened? Oh God, he wouldn't be able to bring his briefcase tonight, not in this outfit. Maybe it wasn't too late to back out - "I... he knows I screwed up, and why I screwed up. We're working things out." They
Steve couldn't bring himself to leave, though. He couldn't stop staring at Tony, at his flat, masculine chest, his broad shoulders, the line of hair that started beneath his belly button, just visible over the waistband of his trouser - Don had made him take his shirt off, so that he could listen to his heartbeat without fabric getting in the way. It had been so long since he'd seen Tony in his original body. He had forgotten things.
Clint shook his head, frowning.  There was a fresh bruise blooming on his cheekbone, a mirror image to the one on Wanda's face, and the eye on that side of his face was red and angry looking and probably about to start swelling shut.  One of the invaders must have gotten in a lucky punch.  "He wanted you specifically.  That can't be good."
Jan rolled her eyes. "Kissing me in order to tease Clint and Pietro doesn't count. You can put the glass down."
Tony pulled his attention away from Steve, making himself turn to smile at Sharon.  The expression made his face ache — his entire body felt as if it had been slammed into a wall repeatedly, despite the fact that he had no visible injuries.  "Once I've analyzed the mansion's security system and figured out what Doom did to it, I'll reconfigure SHIELD's anti-teleportation shields for you.  Tell Maria she'll owe me."
Sam had four tiny punctures on his shoulder, identical to the four tiny punctures on Clint's arm that Don Blake had rolled his eyes at and doused with hydrogen peroxide. "Don't forget to give him a tetanus shot," Clint called after them. "You have to take these sorts of things seriously."
"Me neither," Clint admitted. "Maybe he's just sulking." He shrugged. Then he turned to look at Tony, really seeing him for the first time. His eyes were open, fixed unwaveringly on Cap, so he had to be at least partially aware of what was going on. Jan had been, and she was a lot smaller than Tony, and hadn't had armor to protect her from the toxin.
Steve let his head drop to the side of the bed, onto his folded arms, and let his eyes slide shut. Tony was going to be okay. Tony had to be okay. He just had to keep telling himself that.
"Do that," Tony ordered.  "And see if... no, if their communicators aren't showing up, Hank's Ant-Man helmet will be blocked as well.  Doom probably wouldn't let him keep it anyway."  Hank's helmet had a unique electronic signature, easy to track if you knew what to look for, but meaningless electronic noise if you didn't.
"We're not doing a big wedding," Tony interrupted. "We'll be in a courtroom. Nobody's giving me away. You'd be the first person I'd ask after Jarvis, though, if I needed someone to."
Sam, unfortunately, was immune to the kind of stern looks that worked on most - well, some - of the other Avengers. He always had been. "He's a step up from Diamondback, anyway," he said.
Tony's smirk got broader, and Steve went on the attack, sweeping his feet out from under him with one well-placed kick. This time, Tony was ready for it, and hit the mat on his shoulder, rolling and coming up to one knee, then planting his hands against the mat and shoving himself back to his feet again.
Tony's lips curved into a lopsided smile that only made the ache in Steve's body hotter and harder. His pupils were wide and dark, his lips parted slightly, and his hair was falling into his face, already disheveled from the effort of lugging boxes around. Someone else might have just looked sweaty and tired—Tony looked as if he'd just finished having hot, sweaty sex with someone, and was looking forward to having more. "When we bring out the next version of that stupid satellite phone," he said huskily, as Steve began unbuttoning his shirt, "the one with tablet capabilities that are going to put the Kindle out of business, and it sells millions of copies, I'm going to tell Koening what he can do with all those DoD contracts he's always threatening to take away from me."
Steve sighed. "If we kicked everyone off the team who might potentially have had a supervillain planting suggestions in their head, the only people left at this table would be Jan and Thor."
She left the goons to Clint and Wanda and strode toward Doom, ignoring the blasts of energy he fired at her.  It was like wading directly into a fire hose; she had to lean her body forward slightly to brace herself against the force of it.
Admirable traits. Yes, he did indeed possess several admirable qualities. Unfortunate, that honor had turned out not to be among them.
At least nothing valuable had been broken, unless a ten-foot radius of pavement counted, and a single manuscript was insignificant compared to the kind of damage the likes of the Wrecking Crew
"I don't think I've been to this restaurant before," Tony added. He would have remembered the Art Nouveau murals on the walls, particularly since one of them featured a nude woman whose modesty was preserved only by a few peacock feathers and some wisps of white cloth. The peacock motif was echoed in the architecture, and Tony suspected that the murals were as old as the building, though beautifully restored. He wondered if it restaurant was a family business, if Steve had ever been here back when it had been new. From the look of the place, the hotel the restaurant was attached to was Edwardian, and easily predated Steve, but its old glory days would have extended well into the twenties. "What do they have that's good?" he asked.
Once inside, Don limped determinedly toward the infirmary, Hank and Tony trailing in his wake, and Steve and the others were left standing awkwardly in the hall.
Tony had taken the armor off, something he did as little as possible these days, and was wearing jeans and a burgundy sweater that had once fit him perfectly and now hung on him, hiding the curves of breasts and hips under shapeless wool. Steve wondered if it was intentional. Had Tony deliberately tried to make himself look vulnerable, non-confrontational, before coming in search of him?
Which left Steve to slug it out with Hyde. He'd done it before and he could do it again - Hyde might have super-strength, but he relied on it almost exclusively in fight, and his combat skills were no match for years of training and experience - but it always cost him a heavy toll in bruises and cracked bones.
"I'll do that," the building manager said hurriedly. He was obviously desperate for an excuse to get out of the building, but Sam couldn't really blame him under the circumstances. "It's such a relief to have you people back."
“I guess we did.”  He’d be proud of them all later, Steve decided.  Right now, it was hard to think of anything other than the casualties – than Tony – even with Wanda right in front of him.
Whereas in the tower, near empty as it was, it was a simple matter to avoid having to speak with Hank more than once or twice a day. Less than that, now that Jarvis was serving dinner at the Mansion; avoiding breaking bread with Hank or Tony had been out of the question before, when it would have constituted a breach of Jarvis's hospitality, but now, Thor was free to dine when and where he chose.
Clint seemed to realize that the room had gone quiet, and added, quickly, "Who let the girls buy the drinks, anyway?"
Around them, couples were dancing with varying degrees of skill, most of them middle aged white men and women with blonde hair that was sometimes believable and sometimes not. This was New York, though, so white was far from the only ethnicity present.
"You're right," he said. "It's not too late to fix this. We can get married; they'll let us do that now that you're a woman. Then the baby can have both of our names. And we can-"
"I think not, step-brother.  I find I like the sight of you on your knees."  Loki smiled down at him, and it wasn't just the sharpness of her canine teeth that made the expression predatory.  She bent and cupped one hand under Don's chin, lifting his face toward her in a parody of gentleness.  "Such a shame you can't be in your proper form for this.  This mortal shell is not nearly so comely."
Wanda stared at him for a moment, concern on her face, and then said, tentatively, “Cap, is Tony… Carol said he was going to be all right.”  It was as much a question as a statement.
He fired his jet boots, but even though flying was faster than running, it was still too slow.   Doom's fingers curled around the haft of the spear just as Steve's shield took him in the side.
His own vague feeling of affront must have shown on his face – or maybe Thor’s did – because Hank grimaced and elaborated.
Strange shook his head. "He is a primordial chaos entity, eons older than Christianity, and both unbound by and uncaring of its rules."
A sharp twitch ran through the muscles of Tony's shoulders. "I'm fine," he said, voice flat. "I'll be out in a minute. Did you bring the clothes?"
The transcript had several lines of asterisk symbols scattered through it, where portions of the conversation had not been picked up by the microphone, but the important part had been perfectly audible.
Clint had planned to go and see Jan again, but when he found himself in the hall outside her room, he couldn't make himself enter. She wasn't going to be any better, and there wasn't anything he could do, and the last time he'd been in there, she had sent him away.
Steve nodded, not really sure what he was supposed to say. He had no intention of hiding his relationship with Tony, but the idea that he could just come out and tell people that he was involved with another man was still new to him.
"Or SHIELD business, or some Stark Enterprises crisis that requires your presence on a conference call to Japan at five in the morning," Steve returned, but his eyes crinkled at the edges with a smile that didn't quite reach his lips.
Steve unbuttoned his shirt and shrugged out it, tossing it over the back of a chair, and rolled his neck. It had been a long two days.
"Because Hank and Tony built an evil, murderous clone of him. I've lost count of the times I've asked what the hell you people were doing while I was dead, but I'm going to say it again." Though cloning Thor wasn't really that far out there for either of them, Hank especially. There were times when Clint suspected that if it weren't for Jan, Hank would have become a mad-scientist-style supervillain years ago.
At least the other Avengers didn't and wouldn't blame him for being turned into a woma, despite the headaches reshuffling team membership so that he and Wanda could stay on the East Coast and concealing Iron Man's temporary transformation into "Iron Woman" was going to cause them. And they'd mostly stopped snickering.
Had it been someone else in his uncomfortable sling-back, two-inch-heel shoes, Tony would have done the same thing.
It was a pointless question – Thor wanted Hank and Tony to have not cloned him, obviously, because apologies didn't erase things, any more than explanations did. He wasn't going to lay out the whole sorry story of blackmail and coercion and choosing the least terrible option; extenuating circumstances didn't change what had happened, what they had done, and trying to justify themselves would be an insult. Thor would see it that way, anyway. And Hank was tired of explaining his actions to people hell-bent on putting the worst interpretation possible on them. It was useless anyway. 'We had no choice,' wouldn't bring Bill back. 'I'm sorry,' wouldn't undo taking Thor's DNA and creating a monster with it. It wouldn't change how easily they had been manipulated into building a superweapon for the very people they had been trying to control.
Steve had grown up in the thirties, when abortions were illegal and probably performed in somebody's kitchen with a coat hanger, or by unethical 'doctors' who'd flunked out of med school or had their licenses revoked.
"I can come back for my armor later," Rhodey said, regarding Steve and Tony with a blank poker face that would have done Nick Fury proud. "Sorry, cat," he added, pushing the kitten's paws off his knee. "You'll have to find someone else to play with." He scooped the feathers up for what was presumably the last time and threw them, to the cat's violent delight. It leapt into the air as the feathers drifted away, snatching at them with both paws.
Footage of his shield in the middle of the expensive property damage the Avengers had caused was probably going to be on every news program in the city tonight, not to mention the front page of the
He scooted slightly closer to Tony, wrapping an arm around his shoulders, and let the feel of Tony's body against his, warm and close and
He'd done it several times during the war, including once by accident. He had no desire to repeat the experience.
Carol looked away from Wanda's tight, set face, and the suspicious shine in her eyes, to the living room's bare floors, their finish still glossy and untouched. "Yeah, you cared about them so much that you tried to kill them to, what, punish us for the fact that you lost your children? Was that how Chthon got you to do it?" Wanda flinched, her shoulders hunching up defensively, but Carol pressed on, almost glad to be hurting the other woman. "You got inside our heads! You used our worst weaknesses against us. Chthon couldn't have known those things." Making Jen lose control of her powers, shoving Tony off the wagon; those were personal attacks, the kind of thing someone did when they wanted to hurt someone they knew well as badly as possible. It would have made no sense for Chthon to have attacked the Avengers that way – they were nothing but pawns to him. Using Wanda's powers to slaughter them all without the cat-toying-with-a-mouse build up would have been more efficient.
"Because she told me. And because she was chanting a spell from the Darkhold grimoire when I left." She frowned thoughtfully for a second, then added, "And I think she's the one who helped Loki put that spell on Tony."
Wanda was staring down at her hands, carefully encased in black gloves that didn't match her navy blue dress. If Jan had known that she was going to wear her old Wasp gloves with a dress that color, she probably wouldn't have lent them to her – not so much because the colors didn't match as because the outfit's ugliness made it obvious that Wanda was wearing them in order to hide her hands. Jan didn't approve of hiding one's powers, or anything connected with them.
"They'll go nuts anyway. You look very good in costume. All that tight leather." Tony smirked at him, eyes lowering to stare at the fold of sheet covering Steve's groin and leaving no doubt as to
Several times, but Tony's stubbornness was legendary at SI for a reason. It would probably take at least another week to wear him down. Steve believed in persistence, though. "If Tony really thinks the two of us are going to get married without dozens of Avengers and former Avengers and half of SHIELD coming and expecting a giant party..." He shook his head. "He knows perfectly well that people are going to expect us to have some kind of ceremony in addition to the legal element. The question isn't whether people are going to come and throw rice at us, it's whether or not they're going to come in costume."
Hell, he’d been looking forward to getting Tony to relax. Only, of course, Tony wasn't there. It probably hadn't been fair to take his disappointment out on Clint, but when Clint had offered him a leering grin over the breakfast table (a good half an hour after Tony had been due to arrive) and asked if Steve had any "plans" for when Tony got back, the retort that Clint was just jealous because he was still single had been out of Steve's mouth before he realize d that he sounded incredibly immature. Clint had informed him that he wasn't jealous, and that he if he wanted a girlfriend, he could go out and find one, and more easily than Steve could have, too. Then Hank had started laughing, and Sam, traitor that he was, had announced that Clint was right, and things had gone downhill from there.
"That was stupid," Jan told him bluntly. "Don't tick off reporters; it always comes back to bite you."
"There's a facebook group and a twitter hashtag dedicated to it, and sometimes people write NC-17-rated fiction about it." There was a pause just long enough for Jan to begin to seriously wonder how and why Tony knew this, and then he added, "Pepper emails it to me."
Tony's shirt had to come off in order to attach the leads for the EKG machine. Unlike the last time Hank had seen him shirtless, he was wearing a sports bra beneath his white button-down. Hank, remembering the sight of Tony's naked breasts - and the way Tony had tried to kiss him when he'd been stupid enough to paw at them - was profoundly grateful.
Clint couldn't blame her. He sure as hell wouldn't have wanted to see them. Looking at Wanda sitting there on the lab bench was bad enough.
Wanda told herself not to jump to conclusions – though it would explain both why the Night Nurse seemed almost personally offended by Strange's injuries, and why she had been visibly less than thrilled to see a strange woman arrive with Wong to check on him – and forced her attention back to the topic at hand. There were more important things at stake right now than Strange's admittedly morbidly fascinating love life.
had taken control of her. Had it simply pulled the memories of those lessons from her mind and used them to create the false memories of studying English, of cooking together, talking together, all the little day-to-day interactions that living with another person was made up of?
Tony had boxed all of this up and hidden it away, like something shameful. Or something precious; Steve himself wouldn't have bothered keeping those stupid scrap paper doodles at all, much less reverently packaged them away between layers of tissue paper.
"It's not as bad as all that." Maya patted him on the shoulder, her latex-gloved hand faintly clammy against his bare skin. "I'm sure we can figure out a solution, and in the meantime, you'll just need to take is easy for a while."
"I don't have a healing factor. I just heal quickly." Steve sat down on the edge of the bed, rotating his shoulder carefully. It really would be fine, he decided. Also, he needed a shower before he put civilian clothes on. He smelled like leather, sweat, and grass stains, thanks to all the rolling around on the lawn he'd done. And speaking of the fight earlier,..
"I feel like a fish out of water in suits." At least, he did in suits as nice as this one. Though Tony was probably imagining him
But there had been no nightmares this time, not the old ones of the explosion and Bucky's death, or the new ones of gunshots and drowning in blood.
Tony was silent for a moment, his face invisible behind his helmet.  "If he does," he finally said, voice more stilted and mechanical than the armor's voice filters would account for, "I'll keep my promise."
"But you are not a woman now, Mr. Stark," he or she would say, and Tony would, what? Shrug, and say, "I got better?" He could imagine how well that would have gone over.
Everything had a price. He'd always known that; he'd just thought, hoped, that the price for complying with Registration would be something he was willing to pay. Instead, Happy and Steve had paid it. And Pepper, and May Parker, and Bill Foster, and-- Tony cut that line of thought off before it could go any further. That was over now; he needed to move on. He
He still hadn't gotten used to how much smaller he was - the loss of body mass was even more disturbing in some ways then the loss of certain body parts. Tony didn't have to look up at people often, aside from Happy and various fellow superheroes. Now, at 5'7", most of the men in the room were taller than him. Or would have been, if he hadn't been wearing heels.
"If you both are staying, I really ought to go back," Hank said. He had been lurking in the doorway, so quiet that Steve had almost forgotten he was there. "I... probably should anyway."
"We're in a warehouse somewhere," Hank went on.  "I don't know if it's Manhattan or Brooklyn.  Or New Jersey; we could be on the other side of the Hudson River."
"Naw." He wrinkled his nose. "It's some kind of drug, not something lethal. Hey, they brought that rich businessman guy in. Wall Street, you know?"
"That looked good," Hank said. "Tony's going to need to do some fine-tuning on the motion sensors and the holo-dummy's response time, but everything seems like it's running smoothly." It had been a simple training sequence – Jan and Clint had barely broken a sweat – but serious exercise hadn't been the point. The training room had had to be tested before anyone could safely use it without supervison; thus far it had shown a reassuring lack of either sentience or a desire to kill them, but Hank had found that when it came to complex computer systems, a little paranoia never hurt.
thought he was worthy of it. It made him want to sit up straighter and fight harder and be someone who deserved Steve's respect and affection.
" Tony resisted the impulse to go over and help Hank set up the newly-resized spectrometer and fascinating yet maddeningly inefficient laser imaging set-up. It would be so easy to improve it, just one or two small adjustments... He reminded himself that one or two small adjustments had gotten him kicked out of technical conferences and trade shows more than once, and stayed put. Hank was twitchy enough without Tony adding to it. "The house isn't even finished yet – I'd like to at least get all the walls painted and the furniture moved in before we blow it up again."
Yesterday, he'd been afraid that he would never be able to do this again. That Tony had gone beyond his reach forever. Steve's arm tightened reflexively, and he closed his eyes, breathing in the faint scent of metal that always seemed to cling to Tony's skin.
"Really? You got over something?" She sounded bitchy, she knew, not at all the way the co-leader of the Avengers should sound when talking to a teammate about her inability to get along with another teammate. Carol and Wanda had been friends, once, but now Carol seemed just as resentful of Wanda as Spider-Woman had been toward Carol after she had sided with Tony and joined the pro-Registration heroes. Except this one probably wasn't going to be resolved by a threesome with Simon.
Exercise came in a decided second on Tony's list of favorite ways to work up a sweat, but it made you feel alive in the same way that very fast cars, flying, or good sex could. There were few other things that could do that.
He had the armor completely disassembled, the parts scattered across two work benches and a significant portion of the floor; the lab and work area tucked behind his office at the main Stark Industries plant was smaller than the one in the Avengers Mansion. Reversing the changes he'd made while female didn't actual require him to take apart the repulsor gauntlets and the jet boots, but there were a few improvements to both that he wanted to test out. As long as he was working on the armor anyway, he might as well do a complete overhaul.
The final Doombot ducked under a mailed fist, brought up the energy weapon it carried, and shot its compatriot twice, once in the torso and once in the head.  The blasts of energy — was it laser fire, or plasma?  Tony would know — left huge, smoking craters in the Doombot's armor, and it crumpled to the floor in a heap.
What Tony really, really wanted, if he were completely honest with himself, was a drink - preferably a lot of drinks, so that he could forget for a few hours at least that his body had been taken from him and warped into someone else's - but that would be an incredibly bad idea. If he ever started drinking again, he would never be able to stop; it let him relax, made everything that hurt go away - or almost go away, enough that he knew that just one or two more drinks would be able to fix it - and if he ever let himself have that again, he wouldn't be able to make himself stop, to give it up and go back to sobriety.
What he really wanted to do was go down to the Mansion's gym and beat the stuffing out of the heavy bag there until he could think about this calmly, but his shoulder was already bruised and sore as it was; putting himself through what would essentially be the second fight in a row right now would only make it worse, and could turn mere soreness into an actual injury.
"As long as we're discussing unfortunate hair, I think we all need to have a moment of silence to contemplate the horror that was Tony's perm." Jan gestured at Tony's with her empty shot glass.
He'd planned to knock — or, rather, holler through the door — since walking into Tony's work area unannounced could get him either a face full of sparks from some welding project and a rant about safety goggles, or an eye full of Tony and Cap doing something he really didn't need to see. Instead, Clint found the door to the lab partly open, with nothing but silence on the other side.
"Punishing Tony for running away to the West Coast and leaving him all alone in New York." Wanda said as if it were self-evident. "He sulked about it for almost six months straight."
"I was going to say modesty," Steve said; he hadn't thought Tony had noticed his blushes, "but shame works." He shook his head, feeling his face heat again. "You're all my closest friends. There's no reason I should be uncomfortable with you knowing."
Tony nodded. "That's what I told Fury. He's more concerned with eliminating his leak at the moment than with her, though." Fury took betrayal seriously, especially among those SHIELD agents who'd survived the destruction of the new Helicarrier. The man responsible for relaying Barnes and Agent Carter's location to Sin was either going to spend a long time being de-programmed, or, if Faustus hadn't hypnotized him into it, was probably never going to be seen again.
"At least Sin doesn't have Barnes.  Or Sharon."  Sam touched a hand to his bruised face again. "What she did to me would be nothing compared to what she'd probably like to do to them.  Crossbones didn't die easily, or cleanly."  He grimaced.  "It wasn't right.  I should have stopped Barnes, but in the end, I wasn't sure Crossbones didn't deserve it.  Half the reason Sin's as batshit as she is is because of what he did to her."
After that... he couldn't go crawling back to Steve, back to New York, the first time he needed help with something. Not after what he'd done. It had made sense at the time, been necessary, but he'd still... he'd knocked Steve unconscious and temporarily paralyzed him to keep him from stopping Tony from recovering his stolen tech. Steve wouldn't - didn't - care what the tech was going to be used for, or how dangerous Tony's designs were in the wrong hands. He just cared that Tony had broken the law to get it back, and hurt him in the process.
Tony closed his eyes again, sagging back against the bed and reverting to huddled-ball status. "Not without you," he said, the words barely audible.
"We have contingency plans," he said, trying not to let his bitterness show and probably failing. "The Tieri contract was not a guarantee." Except it had been, or should have been. Layton and the others were right to be angry.
"There's no way of knowing that." Strange waved a hand, dismissing her guilt. "Chthon may simply have taken advantage of her death and the closeness of her relationship to you and used the opportunity to manipulate you."
"It doesn't matter," Tony said, so calmly that Steve felt a hot flare of anger at him. "All we have to do is fix the Extremis and it will go away."
"Thor," Tony said, rising to his feet. "Welcome back, big guy." Even though the armor's voice processors, he sounded pleased. "I thought you were going to hide in Valhalla forever."
Doom was standing at the exact center of the crossroads where Broadway and 42nd Street met, a leather book open in one hand and the other flung out dramatically.  Beside him, Steve saw with a sinking feeling, was Loki.
Tony wasn't going to hold this conversation with his back to Steve. He reached out, grabbed Tony by the shoulder — the solid bone and muscle beneath his fingers felt healthy, part of his mind noted, normal — and jerked him around. "What kind of damage?"
It had actually managed to pull the papers' attention away from speculation over whether or not Tony had been involved in his 'bodyguard's' rampage of destruction two months ago, something Steve hadn't previously believed possible. Tony had offered the press even less in the way of an explanation than he had given Steve, claiming that 'Iron Man' had been acting on his own initiative, and that a new bodyguard was wearing the armor now.
"Sure," Steve told her, his gaze still on Tony and the woman in the red dress.  "One water with lemon coming up."
Wanda's lips twitched, and some of the sadness left her eyes. "Poor Clint. He was ruined just by association with the rest of us."
"I'll kill you slowly, Wilson.  I'll start with that bird of yours, cook him alive and make you eat him-"
The line was picked up before the first ring finished; that alone was enough to tell him it wasn't Fury. Hearing a female voice on the other end of the line say, "Sub-Director Hill," just confirmed it.
The hallway proved to already be empty of Tony. It did, however, contain Sam, who was standing in the open door of his room, a paperback book in one hand. "First Tony, now you," he said, shaking his head slightly. "What are you doing up? You looked pretty beat before, and you just went to bed a couple hours ago."
Steve had already taken off his cowl, as soon as he and Tony had gotten inside the warehouse. Now he pulled off his boots and gloves, then tugged the scale-mail tunic of his costume over his head. Leather as tight as his costume was impossible to get out of when it was wet. He dropped everything on the floor and opened the shower door, stepping into the hot spray to kneel in front of Tony.
In the long moment of silence while Ben considered his answer, no doubt looking for ways to pick it apart, the mental jolt from the Extremis as one of the subroutines he was running threw up a giant red flag was startling enough to make him twitch.
He pulled out the modified StarkPhone Steve had made him promise to use instead of the Extremis at some point during the migraine-induced delirium he must have been in in order to agree, and dialed Fury's private line.
He had expected their relationship, romance, whatever you wanted to call it, would end eventually, either when he finally got his real body back, or when he once again found himself with no choice but to use methods that Steve disagreed with. He hadn't expected it to end like this.
Tony made the soft sighing sound that he only made when he was starting to fall asleep. "I do too, you know," he mumbled.
The pages she currently had tucked away in a secure hiding place were the only remains of a book of dark magic her father and a circle of the Nazi high command had discovered during the second world war. They had attempted to use it to summon a demon from hell to unleash against their enemies, and had they not been interrupted by Fury and his damned Commandos, Allied tanks could have been halted at the French border.
One of the room's metal floor plates dipped sideways, making the floor under Jan and Clint lurch. The two of them didn't even break stride, charging forward at the holographic figures at the other end of the room.
How could she expect Hank to keep trying when around every turn, there was something to remind him of the mistakes he'd made? The mistakes they'd both made.
"Such timidity from the great sorcerer supreme," Doom said.  "You and Dr. Blake are two of a kind, both afraid of the risks necessary for true power."
"I ran SHIELD for three months. And I had no illusions about how Fury's people worked even befor that. Compared to the CIA, their consciences are spotless."
Chthon had used her to murder. To attack and kill and destroy the people she loved. And then he'd tried to use her to destroy the world, manipulating her and Pietro both into it. And then...
Neither he nor Sharon were wearing any SHIELD insignia, and their matte black weapons weren't SHIELD-issue, either. It looked like SHIELD was back to doing things the Nick Fury way, both above and below the table.
"Why have I never heard about this?" She sighed, shaking her head. "Did you do anything about it? Does anyone other than you, Wanda, and Tony even know?"
He slid his arms under Tony and stood, bracing himself against Tony's weight. "Get him down to the ambulance," he told Sam.
Steve sat down in the plastic chair someone had left beside the bed, absently wrapping one hand around the metal railing that formed the side of the bed. "You're lucky I thought to try my old access code for the armor," he said. "I can't believe you didn't change it. I can't believe I didn't think to ask for a new one."
It had been his decision to hack the Mandarin's rings, to deliberately let the Mandarin electrocute him in order to do so. His decision to get the Extremis in the first place.
