He’s relieved to finally hear from Dean again a few days later. He seems a bit withdrawn, and says that it’s a story for another time, that he had to deal with some issues from his past. It’s frustrating, but Castiel knows Dean, and pushing the issue won’t help, but he does get a promise to discuss it later. But it’s always later, and Castiel misses Dean, wants to be able to see him.
“Because you have people after you! If they come in, they might not even notice that it’s you. Now, we need a new name.”
“Just don’t forget your armband this time, Emma,” Cas says, leaning around Dean. “Having to hear him complain about another fine for an improperly marked android…”
Dean stands up to pace. “This is gonna be bad, we’ll either have to hurry up getting ‘droids across the border, or find somewhere to hide them at this rate.”
Dean manages to get one of his arms free of Castiel’s grip, and turns his head to face him. “If I do anything you don’t like, you’ll tell me to stop?”
After fussing about Dean some more, Jody says her goodbyes, leaving the three men alone with each other and their thoughts. The silence is interrupted when Dean asks for some water. Cas is the one with the cup and straw this time, who then suggests Sam go get some rest. This results in Dean giving Sam a critical look, and agreeing with Cas. How can he argue against that? It’s not like Dean actually needs him here, since he can’t remember his own brother who he tricked into…
That said, he’s still mad at his brother for tricking him into it, even as he sits at Dean’s bedside, waiting for him to wake up. With Cas here, Sam goes back to Jody’s more often than the first couple of days to sleep on something other than a hospital chair, but most of the time the both of them sit quietly, waiting and watching for Dean to wake up.
They leave Hurleyville on their way back to the Bunker. Dean has been thinking of it as “home” for a while, and he likes that thought, of going home. But it’s been a long past few days, and they’re not as young as they used to be, so they stop just outside a town called Wooster for the night, and get the usual, crappy motel. While settling between rough, stale sheets, Dean thinks about his memory foam mattress and soft sheets that smell like his new favorite fabric softener.
Cas gives him a look that means he knows Dean is full of shit. "Maybe not out loud, but I like to think I've picked up on some of your expressions and body language over the years. You've been practically radiating guilt and self-loathing."
For instance, when Dean settles next to him with an enormous box and six slices of pie, he asks Sam what’s wrong. So he brings up Cas. And Jack. Watching Dean deflect, calling him an Eeyore, Sam decides to take matters into his own hands, by shoving a slice of pie into Dean’s face. Something loosens inside himself, and he lets out the first good laugh he’s had in weeks.
They don’t waste any time finding the barn. Dean’s spirits seem to be high, and Sam has to put his foot down about using throwing stars. They still aren’t sure how many vamps are in the nest, and they can’t risk accidentally hurting each other or the kids with a bad throw.
“Dude…” With a sigh, Dean puts down the remote and turns to face him. “OK, here’s the deal. The trials to seal Hell messed Sam up real bad. He— He almost died. Would've if I’d let him finish the third one.” He squares his jaw, a sign Castiel has learned that means Dean’s upset and doesn’t want to talk about it. But he keeps going. “He’s still really messed up.”
As soon as Castiel has adjusted to wearing the wig, Jolene introduces him to makeup. He’s not particularly enthusiastic about adding the process of applying it to his morning routine, but does it to humor her. Most days it’s nothing more than some lip gloss, a little eyeliner, maybe some blush. Interestingly enough, it seems to increase his self esteem, so he keeps up with it.
“I dunno,” Dean scrubs a towel through his hair. “I can think of a few times when I know you weren’t particularly happy with me, and at least once when you threatened to throw me back into Hell.”
Castiel is glad Dean is looking down at his wrist, because he can’t help the warm smile that pulls at his cheeks. The care Dean is using in his handling of Castiel’s injury makes him want to believe Dean cares. The blond wig catches his attention, and for a moment, he wonders what would have happened if he’d found a female vessel, like before. Would Dean have… No, he should stop that train of thought. His purpose had always been to protect the Winchesters, and any feelings of his own that might have developed are incidental.
Left alone to discuss their options, Sam doesn’t want them poking or prodding Dean any more than they need to. They’d already been warned that you can’t trigger memories into returning, that it’s usually a spontaneous thing. But what if Dean’s memories come back while he’s talking to a shrink? What if they don’t come back all at once, and Dean starts raving about vampires and werewolves? What about Hell? If he starts talking, not realizing he shouldn’t, they’d lock him away for sure.
Working hard, Castiel’s days at the cafe are spent proving himself to be valuable, needed. Soon, he’s making drinks as well as Bernie, who’s been working behind the counter for over two years, and is Jolene’s cousin. He gets to know his co-workers. There’s another part-timer, a young man named Isaac, who isn’t the best at making coffee, but he attracts the girls in the afternoon. When Jolene realizes that Castiel will not judge her for refusing to adhere to the human culture surrounding gender roles, she warms up to him. But it’s not as if he can explain that having been an angel gives him a more fluid perspective of male and female, regardless of what sex one has been born with.
They make their way to the cafe counter and while Castiel makes them coffees, Jolene ponders names. “We can’t have something too girly. Do you have any sisters?”
The question throws Castiel off balance, and he’d stumble if he weren’t leaning against the wall. “Dean, why are you still here? Is there something wrong?”
Jack gives him a smile. “I’ll make sure he’s safe, Dean. But I can’t guarantee that will be... here.”
Thanks to Castiel’s new behavior of hanging out by Meg’s desk in the mornings, which just happen to coincide with the mail cart coming around, he notices a shift in attire on Friday. Fewer people are wearing button-ups, ties, and business skirts, exchanged for polo shirts, colorful blouses, and chinos. As he stands by Meg's desk, coffee in hand, he asks her about it.
Wakefulness comes slow the next morning. There’s a persistent throbbing in his head, and he’s facing a thin shard of light that makes him want to keep his eyes closed. Rolling over, Castiel realizes that he is not in the narrow bed back in the cafe. No, this one smells like Dean. He remembers watching movies, drinking, and what happened after. Still naked he realizes, his hand trails across his abdomen, but the evidence of last night has been wiped away, his boxers back in place.
Stephanie, a young woman with glasses and long brown hair neatly tucked into a ponytail, smiles sadly at him. “I’m sorry Mr. Novak, I won’t be able to make it.”
I had to chop this up into two parts, but didn't want to leave it there, so waited until I finished where I wanted to.
“Yeah, okay. I’m gonna give the phone to Jody, so she can help you arrange how to get here. Just a sec.”
There’s a streak of sudsy moisture across the phone’s screen, on the end button. Castiel blinks at it for a moment before grabbing a towel to wipe it off. Bernie pokes his head out of the kitchen door and brings a mop for the water on the floor. Excusing himself, Castiel goes to his room to change out of his wet clothes. As for Dean, well… he hasn’t called back yet, and doesn’t know where Castiel is, so maybe he’ll deal with the case and move on. It hurts a bit to think that they’ll be in the same town briefly and never meet.
“Yeah, but…” Dean turns on his stool to face him. “What if, because I took you to the crime scene, that triggered something?”
Castiel frowns at the wrinkled shirt and knit tie. Where does one even find a knit tie these days? Gaze drifting lower, he takes in the faded denim he dare wear on his first day. It’s bold, but Castiel doubts that with that kind of attitude, Mr…
Ephraim squeezes and twists, sending a new flash of pain through the hand and wrist, causing Castiel to gasp breathlessly. “I can take all this pain away.”
Finally they’re led to Dean’s room. Armed with copies of all that paperwork, a bag full of pills, and another with bandages, wraps, and other recovery paraphernalia, Castiel sees the relief on Dean’s face at the sight of them. But there are more explanations as the nurse repeats everything for Dean’s benefit. There are apparently even more forms to fill out, and Jody leaves Castiel behind with Dean to help him change into street clothes.
That evening and the next morning are spent preparing the room he’s been sleeping in for Dean’s arrival. They get a late start at the hospital, and Jody asks for Castiel stay by her side while they fill out discharge paperwork, just in case there’s something she needs help answering. There’s a never ending parade of papers and forms, with “just one more signature.”
“Hey, sweetie, everything OK?” Jolene glances at Dean and raises an eyebrow. She’s concerned, and Castiel can’t blame her considering what she’s been told.
Emma’s good at making just enough for the both of them, and comes back when it’s time to clear the table. Cas has just finished his second cup, and he sits back with a huff. “Good morning, Dean, Emma.” She gives him an indulgent smile before disappearing into the kitchen with the dishes.
The scowl intensifies, before Dean’s head turns to face him. He’s waking up! Finally! Sam tells Cas to get a nurse, still focused on his brother who has yet to open his eyes. But he makes a noise that Sam’s used to hearing after hangovers, and that’s a good sign, right? Reaching out, Sam clasps Dean’s hand below the cast.
not going there. He’s not going to think about how much he wanted to drag Cas back to Kansas, or stay another day or two in a hotel, just hang around and visit, make sure Cas was sleeping right.
They’ve cleared the living room for Sam’s bed, facing the mantel where he can gaze on his extended family, There’s a portrait of him, Dean, Mary and John, another of him, Eileen and their son, as well as photos of Jody and the girls, Garth and his family, as well as various other people whom have become close over the decades. There's one small photo of Castiel in a cowboy hat, the only one Sam could find of his friend.
The next few days are a trial in patience. Sam’s had to hang around in hospitals before, but this is maddening. It’s never takes either of them this long to wake up from a relatively minor injury. He thinks about asking Gadreel to try waking Dean up again, more than once. But if what he’s been told is true, he’s actually in worse shape than Dean, with the angel hitching a ride the only thing holding him together.
Once he’s wiped down and washed up, Dean turns to see Cas pulling up boxers over a delectable, round ass he hopes to explore some day in the not-too-far-off future. He catches Cas’s attention when he starts to pull his jeans back on.
While he scrambles some eggs, Dean thinks about how they found Emma almost two years ago, broken and bleeding blue onto the street. She was a barely functioning ST200, and Dean had at first thought she was beyond repair. But Cas insisted, so they took her to Sam, who knew a few people. The way she’d stared up at them, begging to not be shut down or reformatted… He’d known then that she was different. They just didn’t know how much at the time.
.” Dean says it so enthusiastically, like a slice of pie will make up for all that he’s already done today.
Cas looks him in the eye, then down at the pants. He smiles as he reaches for them. "Thank you for being so thoughtful, Dean. I guess it doesn’t matter since most of my clothes are borrowed anyway.”
“You look fine, the stubble gives you a rakish look.” She smooths down the shoulders of his t-shirt, one he’d just thrown on when he’d gotten out of the shower last night. He looks down and it’s one he picked up at a thrift store, with three wolves howling at the moon. At least it doesn’t have any holes.
At first, they kept waiting for some kind of sign that Cas was alive again, in spite of Jack’s warning. But as days turned into weeks, Sam saw the light fade in Dean’s eyes. It’s why he’s made Dean the sole person responsible for Miracle. The dog sleeps in his room, has food and water bowls there. Sam pretends like he doesn’t see the way Dean cradles the dog in his arms and rocks, face buried in the soft tan fur. Fur very similar to a certain trenchcoat. He still doesn’t know what happened with Cas, and hasn’t felt like it’s his place to ask.
Dean wakes up again in the infirmary. It’s quiet, no beeping equipment, so that’s good, but he’s sore. Cas was surprisingly heavy in a space that technically didn’t have a physical presence, but— wait. Where’s Cas? Sitting up causes a sharp pain, but when he looks, there he is, in the next bed over. Breathing. Thank… Jack.
Castiel realizes his coffee is finished just as that conversation ends. Knowing it’s rude to loiter, Castiel takes his cup to the trash and glances at Bernie, who seems exceedingly frustrated. Wishing to help he asks, “Is there anything I can do to help?”
He asks Sam to sit in a chair, and pulls up another one to be seated beside him. This must be handled delicately, and Castiel feels inadequate for the task. First, he asks if Sam has been aware of any missing time.
With the paring knife behind his back, Castiel slices open his palm and backs up against the refrigerator. With the image of a banishing symbol in his mind, he begins blindly tracing one with blood. He hopes it’s enough to work.
“Who!” Truth is, Castiel should, even in his weakened state, recognize an angel he’s met before. It bothers him that he can’t tell who this is.
He does, four more times, with no indication from her if he’s getting better or worse. With the last extraction, she tells him to make a cappuccino with it. After fumbling with the steamer, he tries three times before she allows him to pour the milk into the now cooling espresso. The top isn’t pretty like he saw in the videos, but he hopes it tastes alright. Placing the drink in front of Jolene, he awaits her verdict.
These thoughts circle around his head, when Dean interrupts them by saying, “I, uh, I’m sorry for uh, you know. Telling you to go.”
Dean leans forward and captures his mouth. Castiel opens his lips for Dean’s tongue, and he wonders if he will ever grow accustomed to the pleasure of kissing him, holding him close. This time is different, less about exploration and more after chasing mutual satisfaction before the hot water runs out. It’s difficult to remain steady on his feet when Dean touches him just so, and he clings desperately as their pleasure is wrought by deft hands.
Sam pushes aside his still visible anger to ask if Gadreel can heal Dean. The ramifications of Dean suddenly healing are discussed, and they decide that the least they can try to do is wake him up. With them all in agreement, Gadreel comes forward, promising that Sam is still conscious and watching. He stands by the head of the bed, pressing two fingers to Dean’s forehead. They glow, and after a moment, the glow fades, Gadreel dropping his hand.
There are times when Castiel has been on the receiving end of random acts of kindness. Each time, they surprise him. Turning back to the counter, Castiel pulls some rumpled dollars and coins from his pocket. “How much is it?”
“So…” Castiel leaves his shirt rucked up and leans to one side, propped up on his elbow. “If I’d taken a female vessel, when would we have had sex?”
“They left without incident, it seemed best to not bother you unless there was something important.”
“No, it’s your turn to listen.” Dean squeezes the hand he’s still holding onto. “I should have told you, back in Purgatory.”
After a moment, Sam replies, “Well, yeah, there was this weird thing that was some sort of dream? And Dean said…” His eyes go wide. “Cas, what did I agree to?”
“They say there’s no swelling, but he still hasn’t woken up yet.” Sam turns and sits back in the chair he’d been previously occupying. He rests his clasped hands on the bed. “They can't say when he will wake up, though. We’ve both had plenty of head injuries, and they say that…” Sam swallows and takes a breath. “That the more head injuries you’ve had, the longer it might take.”
he tells himself as he turns back to the laptop which has a diagram of component controls for different parts of a car.
Staring down at him in shock, Sam replies, “What? I’m…” He’s interrupted as orderlies push him aside to restrain Dean so the doctor can administer a sedative.
Dean pulls him into an awkward hug, patting him on the back. “If your wrist doesn’t get much better, go to a clinic or something, have it checked out.”
“So, uh, I have a mostly full bottle of whiskey and a couple of beers. You want something?” Dean asks while he unties his boots, his jacket already tossed over the back of a chair.
The shower on and the water warm, the last of the tension in his shoulders melts away under the spray. Dean was right, the pressure isn’t as good as the bunker, but better than many of the places he’s been. He uses the small bar of complimentary soap and starts washing. Careful of his injured wrist, he uses his other hand, and idly watches the suds rinse down the drain.
He’s slow to respond, and Sam can barely make out his request for water, but soon enough has a cup with a straw for Dean to take a drink. At Dean’s next one-word request of ‘where,’ Sam has to think about it for a second, since he mentioned they were at Sioux Falls General last time, until he realizes Dean probably remembers Cas was here before. But Cas had gone back to Jody’s earlier today, since he’d stayed behind last night while Sam crashed out in Jody’s guest room.
That makes Cas snort, and Sam stomps his way back into the war room with a disgusted sigh. “Pull yourselves together.”
“Barista,” Dean scoffs, as the door opens and someone comes in with a handful of fliers, asking if the cafe will post one in their window. Castiel says he’s willing to take one now, and ask Jolene if it’s okay. He sees them off with a smile before turning back to Dean.
Castiel denies it, but she seems to see more there, and refuses to believe otherwise and comforts him with that assumption.
Ah, Jolene is a woman’s name, Castiel is fairly sure. With her husky, contralto voice, she grills Castiel about his qualifications. He admits to not having any experience, but is willing to learn, and has been studying how to actually make a proper shot. With a frown, Jolene turns to look at the clock on the wall, and tells Castiel to come back after five when they close for the day. Profusely thanking her, Castiel shakes her hand, and promises to return at five o’clock exactly.
“We’ll need to perform more tests, but he seems to be experiencing full autobiographical and episodic memory loss.”
Dean’s injured. Seriously. And there’s not a damn thing Castiel can do about it, because he’s graceless, human. It was impulse that had Castiel agreeing to go to Sioux Falls, but what good can he do when he’s there, other than get in the way? His phone pings with the confirmation for his bus ticket. He has to force his hand free of the phone from where he’s been gripping it so tightly, his fingers having become stiff.
The doctors leave the room after checking Dean over, and Sam stretches in his chair, his long legs extending under the hospital bed. He lets out a jaw-cracking yawn, and Cas looks up from the paperback he borrowed from Jody.
Thank you so much for reading this, it started out with approximately 400 words, rewriting Dean's landing in Heaven, and here I am about 6k words later. In less than a day.
This week, there are a couple of morning meetings, and he finds himself thinking of green eyes and static shock during some of the boring parts. Friday, Castiel pulls on his dark-wash Burberry jeans with a blue and white check shirt of the same brand.  Looking in the mirror, the shirt looks more like a blue shirt with a few intersecting black and white stripes, but the website called it “giant check.”
Castiel is sitting fully upright now, facing Dean, a small bit of that old righteous fury burning through him even while the world tilts on its axis. “But I can’t help the things I
Castiel remembers now, what Dean had said about Ezekiel being willing to heal Sam. He hadn’t expected it to happen in such an unorthodox manner at the time. He also knows Ezekiel, and this angel isn’t them.
Oh. They’re still standing in the middle of the shaving goods aisle. Slightly embarrassed that he got caught up in his own imagination, Castiel follows Dean to the next aisle. When they exit the store, Castiel is surprised that he has only purchased a few bags worth of items. It all might be uncomfortable to carry on the bus, but will easily be one trip from the Impala to the back door of the cafe.
Castiel sits in the chair, watching Dean sleep for some time. He feels guilty for avoiding the truth when Dean outright asked him about what happened. He’d managed to avoid that question, only to get blindsided with a new one, asking if he was his brother. That’s not a title Castiel feels he deserves, and he managed to be truthful while evading the actual question. While Dean has called Castiel family before, it sets a strange ache inside of him whenever he thinks about it. Human emotions are frustratingly complex, because the thought of Dean regarding him “family” causes simultaneous sensations of joy, melancholy, wistfulness, hope, and longing.
Dean stands at the entrance waving a file folder. “When I swung by your office, Meg asked I drop this off to you in here.”
“Then you must realize what an opportunity this is,” Sam says with desperation. “Dean doesn’t remember Hell, or our messed up childhoods, or heck, even the past few years with the apocalypse hanging over our heads.” Taking a deep breath, Sam leans back against the table. “Don’t you see this as a chance for Dean to finally be happy?”
Dean’s voice sounds wrong. Sam turns, giving a look at his brother who still hasn’t moved from his slump against the post.
“I dunno.” Dean fidgets with Cas’ fingers. “It seems nice, having a place others can visit, like I did with family and friends after I got here.”
“Over my dead body.” Dean’s counter caused Sam to wince. Hey, he’d take whatever advantage he had. “It has to be me, Sam. The spell requires a strong bond to the one we want to pull out.”
“For tonight… Just for tonight, I want for us to be more.” Dean makes a noise and starts to pull away, but Castiel holds onto Dean’s arms, keeping them wrapped around him. “I don’t care if you leave tomorrow and never look back. Just let me have this.” The last words come out as a whisper.
After a quick glance around, Dean grabs the mail bundle he’d sorted himself and prepares to drop it off on what must be the secretary's desk; but in a moment of initiative, he decides to just take it straight into the office. Peeking in, he sees a dark head of hair hunched over papers scattering an enormous desk.
The words pierce Castiel’s chest. If the worst happens, and Gadreel is telling the truth, how will Dean react upon waking? “That’s Sam’s choice.”
She stands a little straighter before replying, “He appears to be showing symptoms of Retrograde Amnesia.”
He looks around the flour strewn kitchen, the bloodied refrigerator door. “Yeah, we were just cooking.”
“Stop?” Ephraim huffs. “Not until I wash this planet of all suffering.” He makes his way towards Castiel, who keeps the work table between them. “So many voices begging for relief from pain and despair.”
Oh. Is he expected to get out? Walk all the way back to the cafe? Is Dean abandoning him yet again, now that he serves no purpose? “I need a ride,” he whispers.
Thankfully, the awkwardness between him and Dean thaws during dinner in Jody’s presence. Perhaps it’s because he and Jody are able to share a secret smile at watching Dean eat more salad in one sitting than he’s possibly ever had. After dinner, Castiel helps clear the table, put away leftovers, and wash dishes. When he’s finished, he brings Dean his nightly medication and a glass of water.
“Go ahead.” Castiel suddenly feels self-conscious of his nudity with Dean in the room, in a way he never had before around others, such as at the shelters. He holds still, listening to the extended shuffling he can hear over the sound of the water. Why is it taking so long to deliver a couple of towels? This question is answered when Dean peeks his head around the curtain.
“Yes,” Castiel’s head bobbles. “And there’s a lovely park right there. I slept in the woods on the hill when I first arrived, it’s quite nice.”
Letting out a defeated sounding sigh, Dean’s shoulders droop, and he turns halfway to Castiel “I’d’ve done you as you are, Cas,” he whispers.
The kitchen. Cooking. For other people. He’s half offended and half impressed by the crazy idea. “I’ll think about it. And Cas?” He looks over at Cas, who’s been quiet and off to the side this whole time. “What about him?”
Dean has adapted well to the new environment it seems. And yes, there it is, a reprimand for his attire. There's a hand-written note underneath, and Castiel squints.
This is Dean, here with him, present and making him feel… he has no words. Perhaps long poems written in a language long forgotten by human tongues could describe how he feels. But for now he abandons words in favor of pure sensation. Skin on skin, his own hands wandering and touching Dean, feeling parts of him he’d reconstructed years ago. New scars are traced, they taste the sweat from each other’s bodies. Their actions become more heated, frantic as they embrace each other.
Dean’s face breaks out into a brilliant grin, and Castiel wants to bask in it. There are times that Castiel wishes he could tell what goes on inside Dean’s mind, because the man is thoroughly confusing.
Yes, Castiel’s scared. What else should he be? “Everything’s different now, Dean. It all feels different.”
Sam passes out right away, but Dean needs a while to wind down from the road and the memories from Sonny’s. Seeing the old place stirred up a lot of forgotten stuff. Especially meeting Robin again. Damn, he really had a thing for her. He really liked Sonny’s, he had felt like he belonged. Not that he’ll ever tell a soul. No, he had to be there for Sammy, watch out for him, protect his little brother when their dad was out on jobs.
During one of Rob's terrible relationship clips, Cas reaches out to hold Dean's hand. "You aren't this character, Dean."
Maybe he can manage to take the train down to Lawrence this weekend? During one of his many lulls, Dean checks the schedule. It’s about a nine hour trip, and if he manages to get off work early, he could make it home in time to pass out late and spend the weekend with family and friends. Sammy will be home from Stanford, it will be great. Except he’ll have to head back Monday morning. Which means no fireworks, unless he wants to call in sick the day after a holiday. Yeah, no. He’s already got a mark for his wardrobe, he doesn’t need another.
After a brief speech about the opportunity to prove themselves and learn during their time with his company, Castiel hands the group off to someone who will give them a tour of the facilities before they are given their assigned tasks. As they walk away, Castiel frowns at the list of interns in his hands, writing "mail room" next to Dean Winchester's name. With a busy day ahead of him, Castiel soon puts the interns out of his mind.
“Sam, Dean, I think we should consider this conversation after you’ve both calmed down. We’ll call you back after dinner, okay, Sam?” Cas places his hand on Dean’s shoulder, and gives Sam a significant look.
Castiel and Marlene have discussed the events surrounding Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, as well as when the Leviathan tried using the hospital as a feeding ground in season 7.
This was supposed to be combined with Dean's heaven, but the Heaven section has grown past the original 400 word ficlet I started out with in notes, so I'll get back to you shortly with that part.
Closing his eyes, Cas lets out a relieved sigh. “I don’t know how you got me out, even though I expected that to be the end for me. Thank you.”
Dean shakes his head and laughs, then tells him to get in the car. Leather creaking as they settle on the bench seat, Castiel wonders what he can offer Dean as entertainment. Then he remembers some advertisements he’s heard on the radio at night. Not that he wants to suggest this, but…
There’s something so endearing about seeing Dean like this. He becomes almost childishly enthusiastic about food, and it doesn’t matter if he has monster guts in his hair, if he’s been driving across the country all day, or if he’s just woken up. Eating makes him happy. Dean glances up from the menu, and double-takes at Castiel.
Dean appears with his cart dressed in his usual slacks but minus a tie, his shirt a colorful check print. Upon seeing Castiel, Dean hands him his mail bundle, greeting him with a "Morning, Boss."
In the kitchen, he learns to make pastries. One early morning, after a night full of disturbing dreams on the hard ground, Castiel comes in early and has fresh muffins waiting for Jolene when she comes in. “Sweetheart, where have you been all my life?” she mumbles around a bite of banana nut muffin. He doesn’t have an answer for her but he blushes under her praise.
wanted this.” He’s not sure when he realized his love for Dean went this deep, but whatever happens tonight, he’ll have no regrets.
With a sigh, Dean turns off the stove, breakfast cooked, and fills up a mug with coffee to lure Cas out of bed for the day.
When he gets out he wraps a large white towel around his waist and scrubs at his wet hair with another one.
Cas’s eyes widen suddenly, he opens his mouth to speak and Dean jumps to his feet. “I gotta...” he turns on his heel and heads to his room as fast as he can without actually running away.
He can’t remember what he was panicking about. This is the way things have been for years. But, wonders a small voice at the back of his mind, had things been like this for years
There are weapons on the walls, but they seem to be more for decoration than function, there are photos and a pile of vinyl records, a pair of ancient, giant headphones and a turntable; dragged out of the Men of Letters living area he supposes. There are clothes folded neatly on the perfectly made bed, perfect hospital corners on the sheets, blankets turned back as if lined up with a set-square.
Dean puts the plates down, three thick sandwiches, peanut butter and jelly on white bread. Sam takes one and Dean pushes one towards Cas. "Here, eat. It's not much, guess we need to buy more groceries."
They look at each other, at the flame reflected in each other's eyes until Dean turns and walks out of the room. Cas stands in the inky dark and looks after him.
Cas gives a small, rueful smile. “Yes, it was hard; there is a surprising amount to get used to about being human. There are so many needs and wants. This body is constantly making demands that I don’t understand. My mind is utter chaos and I have no idea how to make it stop.”
Cas nods again, his eyes narrowed. “I think we weren’t allowed to know? It wasn’t part of the story He wanted to tell.”
Sometime later they both lie full length on the couch, sweat cooling on bare skin, panting as they catch their breath. Cas buries his face in Dean's shoulder as he traces his fingers idly over his chest.
Cas looks around the room. "Where did you turn on the power when you first came here? Or was it already on?"
When Dean stands in front of him and puts his hands on his shoulders, turning him to look into his face, he is speechless. Eyes the color of the trees search his, tiny lines crease the skin between them, Dean’s mouth is set in a line, his jaw is tight, he looks angry, but not at Cas. The last few rays of the dying sunlight fall on his face and hair and it’s as if Cas has never seen him before, which, in a way, he hasn’t. Before, he had seen only his soul, a brilliant, radiant, cracked thing; patched with threads of his own grace. This though; the brilliant eyes, the scatter of freckles that mark his skin like stars, the determined set of his jaw, is this what other people see when they look at Dean. How do they ever look away?
He feels heat gathering in his groin and looks down to see his cock, hard and jutting between his legs. He reaches down and wraps his wet hand around solid flesh, gasping at the sensation. His breath catches as he moves his fist, dragging along the length and back, thrusting into the tight grip of his hand. He closes his eyes and tips his head back against the cool of the tiled wall. In his minds-eye it is Dean’s hand grasping him, Dean’s green eyes staring into his, face flushed, lips parted, breath ghosting against his neck as he moves his hand faster along Cas’s over-heated, achingly hard cock. He imagines the shiver of his skin as Dean moves down, sliding his hot tongue over his skin, licking the drops of water that run down his chest, flicking at his nipples, pebbling the skin and making him shiver as his breath cools shower-heated flesh.
They look at each other for a moment and then Cas smiles. “That sounds great,” he says, “But I don’t want to out stay my welcome – if you have stuff to do?”
Cas smiles, feeling suddenly glad that he hadn't complained about Dean's music or noisy partners, or friends. "No problem."
Dean gives a sharp laugh. Is that what he really thinks Dean wants? “Yeah, not really in the mood now Cas,” he says, sounding harsher than he meant to.
Dean shakes his head and points to a large red throw switch on the wall. "No it was off, til I threw that."
As Dean opens his mouth to explain the events of the day he finds himself wondering why he has never noticed Cas’s eyes before. Were they always this stunning? How would he have missed that? Cas is so beautiful. When he looks at him he feels utter peace, like nothing he has ever experienced. His hand twitches, he wants to reach out for him.
Dean struggles to his feet, not taking his eyes off the man. The longer he looks at him the more his heart feels like it's expanding. Like it’s going to explode with a combination of grief and happiness that he can't understand. He knows he must look like a lunatic but he can't stop grinning at the man. The man looks wary but a smile twists the corners of his mouth.
"It's ok," Cas says, "I know why you couldn't come. You have helped more than enough anyway. If I hadn't had you and Dean's example it would have been even harder to adjust to humanity." He smiles.
He sags against the wall for a moment, chest rising and falling, knees weak, head spinning. Cooling shower water soaks him and he almost expects it to hiss when it hits his flushed skin. He takes a huge, stuttering breath, stands up and turns his attention back to getting clean, washing quickly before he ends up as cold as he was before he got in there.
"You'll get there man, I worked a crap ton of terrible fucking jobs before I finally opened my place. Not that being an accountant is terrible!" he adds hastily.
Cas is about to protest, make up some excuse, but he can't think of one and it does make sense to share. They are neighbours after all and Dean has waited for him. It seems rude to refuse. Also the prospect of public transport in this weather fills him with dread.
Sam snaps, advancing on him angrily. He shoves him against the grimy white tiles, a hand on his chest. “Do
Dean moves away from the window, drawing the curtains against the raging snow storm. “Sorry, it’s pretty late,” he begins and Cas agrees, murmuring something about how he should be getting home at the same time Dean says, “You wanna get something to eat? Watch a movie?”
Sam sighs and lies down again. ‘Shit,’ he says with feeling. ‘Can’t believe I fell asleep. Sorry I dragged you out here for nothing.’
They pull up outside their building and Dean pulls the cases out of the trunk and drags them into the lobby. Cas follows behind. They stand silently next to each other in the elevator, smiling awkwardly. When the door opens on Cas's floor Dean hands him his case, Cas takes it with a smile. "Thanks for the ride Dean, it's was very kind of you. Have a good evening."
‘—yeah, it was like I could remember…’ Dean trails off with a self-conscious laugh. Not wanting to tell this stranger what he’d thought he remembered. ‘Anyway,’ he says, clearing his throat. ‘You wanna show me your car?’ Cas smiles and leads the way outside.
Cas is in the middle of a two day continuous Netflix binge when the power goes out. The TV goes dead, the lights go out and he's left sitting on his small bed in the sudden, silent darkness. The silence only lasts for a few seconds however; Dean's voice echoes down the corridor almost immediately, a familiar edge of worry, getting closer fast.
Once inside Cas looks around him at the vast space under the hill. There is a sense of warmth and welcome that he has never felt before. He very much hopes that he is home.
Dean almost follows, then stops. “He’s right,” he says. “It’s a show man, it’s all just a fucking show.”
Dean rolls his eyes at his brother as he pushes back the drapes to peer out of the grimy windows. From the look of the crumbling brick buildings that surround it, the hotel is not the only part of the neighbourhood to have seen better days, but fat snowflakes are falling heavily, dropping a veil of silent white over the street, turning it into something almost picturesque in the early evening gloom. He can almost imagine how it looked once, with rows of smart brownstone houses and wide avenues, the shiny beetle shapes of old fashioned cars moving past.
“Because I’m fucking scared man. I’m so scared. Because this is who I am, who I’ve always been. I don’t know how to be anyone else, any other way. These feelings, this voice in the back of my head that says ‘you’re wrong, there’s something wrong with you’ that’s been there so long I can’t imagine what it would be like without it. Who would I be if I just woke up one day and it was gone? If I admit that there’s nothing wrong with me and I can just have what the hell I want, be who the hell I want? It terrifies me Cas.”
“Come here, show me,” Cas says, ignoring his words and moving closer. He reaches for Dean’s hand carefully. Dean looks down at where their hands meet as Cas turns it over in his own.
He blinks in shock, his eyes dart nervously to Sam but he is apparently oblivious, eyes glued to his phone as he sniffs occasionally. Dean’s neck feels hot. He wonders if he is getting sick as well. He puts an inquisitive hand to his forehead, testing for a temperature. It seems normal but he still feels off in a way he can’t put his finger on. He clears his throat, tries to think of something to say but can’t.
“You’re a fucking multi-dimensional wavelength of celestial intent - or whatever - and I want...I feel...well yeah. That’s fucking terrifying.”
Dean drops two Tylenol tablets into his hand. “Take these, they’ll help you feel a bit less shitty,” he says. Cas looks at them carefully before putting them in his mouth and taking a mouthful of water. He swallows awkwardly and them makes a face and takes another mouthful of water, tilting his head back.
“I just want to chill out a bit, find someone who likes the things I like, someone who makes me laugh I guess?” He rolls his eyes at himself. “God that sounds like some chick-flick crap huh?”
Cas tilts his head to the side, closes his eyes and tries to focus. There used to be a heart to the place. He didn't notice it before because it was always there. Now it feels cold.
“Sit up then.” Dean stands as Cas sits forward, arranging his pillows to prop him up. When Cas is comfortable Dean strokes his hair again, quickly and softly.
Cas blinks, he hadn't even realised Dean had a roommate. "Oh," he says, "it's fine, really. Don't worry about it." Brilliant. Well done for caving in at the first opportunity to mention the problem, he thinks to himself.
Dean turns. "Fuck! Cas, you ok?" He crouches down next to him, his hand on Cas's shoulder. There's no sign of the mockery or laughter Cas had expected, instead he looks genuinely worried. He looks at him with concern, a frown creasing his forehead. His eyes seem very bright green in the reflected light and snowflakes catch on his long eyelashes. Cas swallows and forces a smile, ignoring the pain as he takes Dean's proffered hand and pulls himself up. Well shit. Dean is actually kind of hot. Why hadn't he noticed that before? Too busy being annoyed at him he supposes.
Dean turns, menu held aloft in triumph and stops, eyes widening as he sees Cas in the doorway. Cas blinks and swallows hard. Dean licks his lips and clears his throat. “Thai ok?” His voice is rough and Cas nods dumbly as he tries not to think about what it would be like to hear that voice against his ear, breathing his name.
"I'm fine, thank you Dean," he says hurriedly, blushing as memories of the sounds of Dean's 'visitors' fill his head.
Dean says nothing but envelops Cas in a hug, wrapping strong arms tightly around him. The sudden comfort of Dean’s embrace takes him aback, all the fight and fear suddenly drains out of him. He presses his face into Dean’s shoulder, breathes in the warm, human scent of him. He knows he is shaking, he can feel Dean’s heart thumping as he tightens his arms around him, his unsteady breath against his neck, the barest brush of lips against his skin. Cas realizes he is not breathing. His face is still wet. Tears are dripping onto Dean’s shoulder. Cas doesn’t know how to make them stop, just as he has no idea how they started.
Sam laughs dryly. ‘I guess so, I mean if you count getting pass out drunk in a shit hotel as an experience.’
Dean glances over to see his brother silhouetted by the neon of the bar sign. He presses his lips to Cas’ ear and whispers, “Exit stage left?” and they’re gone in a flurry of feathers.
They look at each other for a moment. Memories of the hug and almost-kiss on the doorstep swirl in Cas’s head. He wonders if Dean is thinking the same thing.
Sam looks at him surprised, he gets up from his seat, still looking dead on his feet and comes over to Cas, putting his huge arms around his shoulders. “Hey I’m sorry Cas, I didn’t think. I mean I know it sucks to be human sometimes but I guess we can’t understand what it’s like to just be one all of a sudden.”
Dean sits on the floor of the dark bathroom. Gradually he becomes aware of the room again, the overwhelming silence and stillness. His face is wet from tears. He blinks away the drops that cling to his eyelashes and tries to remember how he got there. He has woken from a dream he only half remembers with a dull aching emptiness in his chest. Was someone else there? He has a fleeting impression of a man with blue eyes but as he reaches for the memory it slips away. He frowns to himself. This is why we don't drink half a bottle of whiskey on an empty stomach. He gets to his feet slowly, uncurling numb legs. All his muscles protest as he stands with a groan.
Dean takes a deep breath and pulls away slightly. His eyes are glassy as he raises his hands to Cas’s face and cups his jaw, searching his face. His hands are rough but warm and gentle as they smooth over the longer scruff on Cas’s cheeks; evidence of the passing of time that will affect them both now. It’s only when Dean pulls away and the chill air floods back in that he realizes that he never returned the hug; his arms are still lax by his sides. They watch each other, spell-bound in silence for a second until there is an awkward shuffle from behind them. Eyes widen and they blink, breathe, step back to reality.
The road flattens out, and a small river opens up into a beautiful, glistening lake to the left of the interstate. Another sign, just before a bridge, announces he’s looking at Lake Coeur d’Alene, and Castiel thinks, if the town is right next to the lake, he might like to stop and admire the view. The water is a lovely, deep blue-green, and Castiel almost pouts when his view is obstructed by terrain. As they enter the city proper, even though the lake can no longer be seen, he can tell it’s there, merely by observing the landscape beyond the trees.
Dean fumbles with the cardboard and places it back on the table, then hides his hands in his lap. “He’s, uh… he’s doing good.”
With a nod, Dean straightens up from where he was leaning over the table. “Be right back, I gotta get some things from the car.”
Later, Sam and Jody are arguing near the foot of Dean’s bed, Cas seated in his usual spot next to Dean, watching him sleep. The doctors suggested a fresh battery of tests. MRIs, CT scans, EEGs. They also suggest visiting one of the resident psychiatric doctors for signs of mental illness.
Shoulders slumping, Castiel shakes his head, mumbles an apology, and turns to leave. He should have never come in here; It had been a whim merely because of the motivational message on the sign.
“Yeah, join you in a minute.” But first he needs to wash his face if he wants any more kisses from Cas.
After a while, some of the richer kids wanted to go bar-hopping, but Dean and a few others can’t afford it, so they hang around nursing their last pitcher before heading home. On the way, they stop at the local grocery and pick up some cheap supplies for cooking, and affordable alcohol. That way, those who can’t afford to go out all weekend can still have a good time. Saturday night, Dean’s glad he’s not the only one strapped for cash as well has handy in the kitchen as he gets to know Garth, who can’t hold his liquor, but sure knows how to cook.
There’s a lapse of time that Sam just can’t account for, but he comes to with his cell phone in hand, Dean on the ground and unconscious, bleeding onto the forest floor. Seeing his brother’s blood and his arm bent at an unnatural angle, Sam quickly dials for help. Outer shirt sacrificed into strips to stem the flow of blood and bind the broken arm, he waits for the nearest rescue team. They’re airlifted and taken to Mercy in Sioux City.
Clean and dressed, Sam heads over to the diner next to the motel, where he finds Dean chatting up the old waitress over the last of his hashbrowns. Ignoring his brother’s antics, he slumps into the empty booth seat and turns over his cup to help himself to the coffee carafe sitting on the table. He grabs a laminated menu and hopes for something with vegetables on the breakfast menu.
“Er, it’s, um… State Line…” he whispers the next words, looking down at his hands in his lap, “Showgirls.”
At that, he reaches over and grasps Dean’s hand. “You could say we’ve taken each other back, and have begun our future together.”
Frowning at Dean’s word choice, Castiel quietly explains having seen angels in town a couple weeks ago, and how his boss Jolene helped him change his image.
After everything is bundled by department and recipient, Dean then takes the elevator between floors, pushing his cart through different configurations of cubicles depending on the department. The rest of his day usually involves helping copy documents and deliver them where they need to go. Late afternoon until end of day is spent sorting outgoing mail.
The word sticks in his throat. He’s held it back for so long, didn’t think Cas could feel emotions the way humans do, didn’t feel worthy.  But he’s thought about this ever since…
The reminder that the Hastings WalMart isn’t 24 hours clinches the decision for Dean, and after finishing their meal, they head for a wilderness area north of Omaha. By the time they arrive, it’s late. There’s one of those RV campgrounds, and it takes almost nothing to break into an unused seasonal RV to crash in ‘til morning.
“Uh, yeah…” Dean takes a step back, a look of surprise on his face. “Regular coffee and another slice of pie?”
Oh. “Well, I was thinking of spending the weekend with family, but it would mean riding the train for nine hours on the ride back.” He’s also not looking forward to having to be at the station at the asscrack of dawn, just to get back in the afternoon.
Realizing he’s just been standing there staring, Dean stumbles back into the doorframe of the room. “Yeah, I’ll see you tomorrow, boss.”
They get into the car, and he explains the Rit-Zien to Dean, about their role in either healing or easing suffering on the angelic battlefield. Dean doesn’t get why the angel is vaping people who aren’t dying, and Castiel struggles to explain how the way pain is experienced within humanity is so different from angels.
“Yes. I won’t be helping with as much of the prep, but I will work the opening shift.” The phone beeps again.
“Ooh, Licorice! You’ve got taste, my man.” Dean tears open the bag without a second thought. “You mind tossing the popcorn in the nuker?”
Dean’s out helping load a truck for their next shipment to Canada, when Emma’s back straightens, a frightened look in her eyes as her LED circles yellow.
Little Dean grows and takes after his mother in looks, and Sam tells him about his legacy, what his family used to do for a living. On Dean’s 18th birthday, he gets a tattoo on his forearm both for safety and to honor that legacy, of the antipossession sigil.
There’s another hunt with Jody, their sheriff friend in Sioux Falls. Dean withdraws even more after this one, and refuses to discuss the case at all. It’s awkward. Castiel wishes more than anything he could see Dean face to face, because he has a feeling something happened that Dean feels guilty about. While he doesn’t have a jealous nature, Castiel can’t help but wonder if Dean is losing interest. After all, what can Castiel offer him from over a thousand miles away?
Sam grows increasingly tired the deeper they trudge into the forest, and when they come to the barely-standing cabin at twilight, he volunteers to keep an eye out while Dean checks inside. There’s a crash, and a surge of adrenaline wakes Sam up enough to try to kick down the door, but something must have fallen behind it. Calling for Dean, Sam tries to find another way in, and looks through a grimy window just in time to watch as the roof collapses on Dean and the bugbear both.
Thoughts of last night filter in, and he remembers Dean tracing the Enochian warding on his abdomen with his tongue. Tendrils of heat at the memory wash through him, and he idly brushes across the tattoo with his thumb. Memory may be all he has of Dean for some indeterminate time, and now he wishes he hadn’t had so much to drink, much of what they did not much more than a memory of intense sensations and emotion. He dunks his head under the shower to clear away the melancholy thoughts beginning to surface.
As their son grows, Sam finds true fulfillment in his life. He has a rewarding life, a family. Yes, he still misses his brother, but he knows Dean’s either happy up in Heaven or raising hell there. He’s helped the new Men of Letters bunker become a place of learning, training, and refuge for hunters, some witches, and even a few “good” monsters like Garth. It’s the center of a nationwide network, and Sam pledges to keep it alive.
In a roundabout way, Sam asks if Dean’s found something. He has. Along with the vaguest hints of a hunt, Dean found a pie festival in Ohio. If it snaps Dean out of his funk for a while, Sam’s all for it.
Then, after almost over-exerting himself dragging a file box off of a high shelf in the Archive, (at least they’d closed the secret door to the dungeon, he couldn’t stand to look in that room after…) he found it. Something that they might be able to use to get Cas out of the Empty. Now he just had to convince Sam.
For a moment that doesn’t sound bad at all, and then Castiel realizes he’s needed at work before too long. He grunts to express his displeasure, pouting at the loss of Dean’s mouth on his. How is he going to survive without this, now that he knows what he’s been missing all this time? Dean apparently finds him funny, and laughs.
Hyperfocused on Dean, Sam ignores the nurse. Watches as he takes a sip of water, the relief on his face. He doesn’t want to let go when the nurse tells him to, but is rewarded with Dean looking at him again, then Cas, and back to the nurse. Like he’s assessing the surroundings. Dean’s going to be all right, and Sam lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding as the nurse gives his brother a once-over, explaining injuries as she goes. It’s quite the tally.
Cas explains that when he awakened in Heaven, that he no longer had a corporeal body. Whatever had happened between his confession and then, there had been some kind of transformation. “I can still do most angelic things, but in order to go back to Earth, I would need a new vessel.”
Dean wakes up again the next day, while Sam is working on something for another hunter on his laptop. Sam looks up to see his brother’s eyes are open, and closes the laptop, all his focus on Dean.
That causes Dean to snort and curl into Cas’ side, hiding his face. “You can’t just say shit like that, man.” He stays there for a moment, breathing in Cas’s scent, listening to the gentle lapping of the water below them. “I want you to like it, too,” his voice muffled by Cas’s shirt.”
They share a pregnant moment that stretches out, Dean facing him, Castiel trying to make out the expression on his shadowed face. He wishes he knew what to do, having no reference for how to deal with this.
As they grow older, Sam retires, leaving both teaching and the bunker to those with better eyes and more able bodies than himself. Eileen has a stroke and passes away soon after, and Sam finds himself alone yet again. Young Dean is out finding his place in the world, and he refuses to take that away from his son. As Sam’s health worsens, with a bad fall and a broken hip, he finally calls his son to help him. He knows he doesn’t have much time left, and he only hopes that Heaven has changed for the better since the last time he was there.
Even with the search narrowed down to recognizable brands, he's bewildered at the different styles, cuts, and colors available. He narrows the search further, eliminating all the pants that seem to be intentionally torn. Why would someone want to wear damaged garments? After sorting through a few different styles he finds acceptable, Castiel checks the sizing and selects two different pairs of jeans, one in a dark blue, and another in medium grey. Clicking
Dean’s mouth lifts in a half smile, and he glances up at Castiel’s face before focusing on rolling up the pink shirt’s sleeve. “Worse, I think.”
They finish up with the proposal a little before four p.m. and Dean wonders what he’s going to do with the rest of his day, and who has been taking care of the mail. He’s half expecting the mailroom to look like a disaster tomorrow morning. But his project here is done, so it’s not like he can linger in this conference room with Cas anymore. Fingers toying with a binder clip, Dean watches Cas tuck all the papers away before shutting off the projector.
As they make their way back to the car, Castiel wonders how long today is going to last. Is Dean going to drop him off and go? What kind of entertainment can he offer to get him to stay? It’s way too soon when they stop at the Impala, and Dean unlocks the doors.
As the grease-stained baskets are cleared away and their fresh drinks appear before them, Castiel’s phone buzzes in his pocket. It’s a text from Jolene, apologetically asking if he can come in tomorrow for Isaac, and work closing hours. He looks up to see Dean downing his whiskey with a grimace. Dean surely wasn’t planning on staying more than an extra day, was he? What can they possibly do in two whole days, anyway? Maybe it will be better if he gives Dean an excuse to leave, without it being too awkward. He quickly sends back that the shift change is fine, and looks up to see Dean ogling the phone out of the corner of his eye.
Hearing Dean respond sends a wave of relief through Castiel, and he rests his forehead on the doorframe. “Just making sure you’re alright in there.”
Once on the correct floor, he slowly makes his way to Dean’s room. He finds himself hesitant, anxious to see the man’s condition. Is he awake yet? How is Sam handling things? He pauses at the door and takes a deep breath. He’s seen Dean in the hospital before. He can do this.
She picks it up, sniffs at it, takes the tiniest of sips. Setting the cup down on the counter, she looks into Castiel’s eyes. “You’ve never done this before?”
“I was waiting to make sure they were willing before telling you. That was Jesse. Remember him and Cesar? The Bisaan about four years ago?”
Eventually, he gets Dean to reluctantly agree. Jolene has been trying to get Castiel to take more time off, and he has a couple days in a row coming up, so he tells her there’s a family emergency. It’s a partial truth. She drives him to the same gas station where he decided to stop in town for a while.
Victor Henriksen has been a diligent worker, and his supervisor gave him high praise. Harry Spangler has had some discipline issues, but is motivated and eager. Cole Trenton has had some serious problems over the past month, and Castiel is sending him to the mail room for July. Garth Fitzgerald had a clumsy start, but has improved drastically over the past weeks. Scanning their faces, Castiel thinks he’ll ponder the choice.
Two hours later they have read the entire history of all the reported sightings and phenomena, dissected the sad state of Dean’s love life and the ridiculousness of Sam’s job, finished most of the bottle of whiskey and a truly amazing apple pie which Sam had produced from the depths of his bag.
"I don't want you too. Having you here, it's...it's everything I want man. You here, Sam here, all of us together. It's the closest I've been to home for fucking ever man. I know I don't deserve it but somehow I've got it and I'm so fucking scared. I'm so afraid that I'll wake up one morning and you'll be gone."
"I love you too Cas." There is a small pause then Dean lets out a huff of stifled laughter. "Well that was easier than I thought. Feels kinda anti-climatic."
"Fuck! Fucking weather!" Dean groans as he turns away from the board, Cas can't avert his gaze quick enough and they are suddenly looking right at each other. Crap. Recognition dawns in the other man's eyes and his face lights up. "Cas!"
This means that Cas and Dean have the bunker to themselves and this is a problem because they apparently have no idea how to act around each other anymore. Their relationship is complicated and inexplicable these days. Cas can't help Dean hunt, his tattered and damaged grace is no use to anyone. So he hides in his small room and watches endless episodes of TV shows he instantly forgets.
“Like I said, you did good though.” Sam slaps him on the back and steps away, dropping back into the chair. “Dean was about to come find you. If I hadn’t been messed up from the trials we would have been straight there. I’m sorry Cas.”
Dean stares at his hand in silence and nods once. Cas nods in reply and then turns away, back towards the bar.
Dean opens the door to his apartment and flicks on the light. He props the cases up inside the door and gestures to the large comfortable looking couch. "Make yourself at home Cas," he says, heading for the kitchen, "You want a drink?"
Passing the bottle back to his brother, Dean pushes himself upright and walks, somewhat unsteadily, to the small bathroom. He takes a piss then stands in front of the age-spotted mirror as he turns on the faucet. The pipes make an ominous clanking noise and the water that trickles out into the antique sink has a distinctly rusty tinge. Dean grimaces and decides against washing his hands.  His reflection in the mirror, behind the worn silvering, looks thinner than he remembers and there are shadows under his eyes. The boredom and depression he’s been mired in since Benny left is etched in the new lines on his face. He scrubs his hands slowly over his eyes, trying to wipe away the gloom that pulls at the corners of his mind, threatening to drag him back down.
"Because I finally figured it out. I finally get it and I have no idea how to say it, but as long as you're here I still have time. I don't have to say it today, there's always tomorrow."
Under his annoyance Dean sounds sad and Cas finds himself feeling a bit sorry for his irritating neighbour. Although also deeply relieved because the thought that they might have ended up sitting next to each other on the flight makes him quietly horrified.
There is no answer; he knocks until the pain in his hand makes it impossible and then he stands still, listening, trying not to be terrified of the silence, of all the things he can no longer hear. He turns, defeated and lets all the air out of his lungs in a draining rush as he leans back against the cold door, closing his eyes against the low evening sun that flashes through the tree line.
The Lincoln Continental sits forlornly in the parking lot, it has definitely seen better days. Dean pops the hood and they both lean over the engine; Castiel explaining the problem as Dean pokes around and points out what needs to be done. He’s fairly certain Cas doesn’t have clue what he is talking about, but is gamely trying to look like he understands. A couple of times Dean raises his eyes from the engine to see Cas looking at him with a soft smile and his head cocked to one side. He looks down again quickly but he can’t stop the smile that pulls at his own lips.
Dean can't even manage to feign confusion, his eyes flick up to Cas’s and then back to the floor. “Because I wanted to get you out of that fucking room,” he says quietly, “You've been holed up in there for ages. It's ridiculous. I—“
“See this is why you’re awesome,” Dean says with a grin, taking one of the bottles and twisting the cap. Sharp pain tears through his hand and he hisses in surprise, looking in disbelief at the ragged cut across his palm. “Oh you have got to be shitting me,” he snaps.
He’s in love with Cas. He lets out a deep breath. He knows this, it’s nothing new or shocking. Dean is bisexual, always has been. He has been attracted to guys plenty of times, it’s just part of who he is. He’s Dean Winchester; he hunts monsters, he loves his brother and his car, and he is in love with Castiel, sometime angel of the lord.
They sit back on the couch and Dean calls the restaurant while Cas flips through the movies on offer on Netflix. Eventually he settles on some superhero movie, which seems a safe choice. Dean grins when he chooses it and gives him the thumbs up.
“Fuck you. I can see it, he can see it. There are people on the international fucking space station who can see it!”
Dean smiles and turns to meet Cas’ lips with his own. The rush of fear and panic is still there, like a greek chorus in his head but there is also joy. Happiness. Relief. Cas gasps and pushes his fingers into Dean’s hair, kissing him harder, then shoves him against the alley wall in a way that reminds Dean of another time, a long time ago, under very different circumstances and he smiles against Cas’ mouth as his back hits the bricks. He grabs a handful of trench-coat with one hand and messy dark hair with the other and pulls him in. He’d be lying if he said he hadn’t thought about doing exactly that last time - for at least a split second before the fighting started. Cas groans darkly.
The questions and queries wash over him. He answers as many as he can until thinking begins to feel like swimming in syrup. His eyes are sore and his movements sluggish and heavy. He blinks several times.
Cas turns back to look at him. His head is cocked to the side like a curious bird. Dean wishes he knew why he had said those words aloud, and what exactly he planned to say next.
“Watch it jerk,” Sam mumbles through stuffy sinuses. “I’m going to bed. I offically fucking hate colds.”
Before he’s thought it through he’s following Dean out of the room. He leans against the doorframe, arms folded while he watches Dean riffle through a pile of take-out menus.  He admires the way the dark fabric of his shirt pulls across his wide shoulders as he moves, the muscles in his forearms, the jeans that show off his frankly spectacular ass. It's been a while since he saw someone who made him feel like this, he doesn't make a habit of staring at guys asses but he can't drag his gaze away from Dean. Not only is he dangerously hot he is, more importantly, not an asshole. He's almost embarrassed to think of the times he'd cursed Dean’s name and considered yelling at him.
Looking up into Dean's wide green eyes Cas swallows and thinks, what the hell. You only live once. He reaches a hand up slowly, giving Dean time to move away, but he doesn't, even when he places his hand gently on the side of his neck and pulls him slowly down to press his lips softly against him. Dean gives a small surprised huff of breath and then he is kissing back. His lips are soft and warm and he tastes of whiskey and coconut chilli and Cas buries his hands in his hair and licks into his mouth as Dean moans and grabs hold of his waist, dragging him into his lap, running his hands up and down his back as he kisses him deeper, turning from careful and questioning to hot and wet and passionate. Cas groans as he feels the hardness under Dean's jeans where he pushes against him.
Dean stretches his shoulders, muscles rolling, spine cracking. He lets out a deep, exhausted groan and Cas watches, transfixed. Dean opens his eyes and meets Cas’s stare. His face flushes crimson and he looks away. He swears under his breath. “So…” he starts, then clears his throat, “Glad you made it Cas, we were getting worried.”
Cas is slumped against the door of the bunker the first time he sees Dean after the Fall. He has waited an age (or so it seems, it’s very difficult to judge the passing of time when it has previously meant nothing to you), for him and Sam to return.
Outside it’s cold. Wind whistles down the alley following a swirl of dead leaves and trash. Dean faces the wall with his head bowed, cradling the fist he just slammed into the brickwork, catching the blood that drips between his fingers. He is crying. He tells himself it’s from the pain.
“You looked cold, sorry I hope it's not weird…” Dean says, moving his arm, suddenly looking self conscious.
Cas feels himself flush a little again, it's always awkward talking to people about his work, he never knows how they will take it. "Um...historical stuff mostly...kind of fantasy I guess?"
Cas looks confused for a moment but Sam doesn't elaborate and Dean chooses that moment to come back into the room, baring plates and bottles and aiming a glare at his brother who raises an eyebrow in a look that says, are you arguing?
Cas nods and dips the spoon into the soup and raises it to his lips. The smell makes his mouth water and the sweet-savoury taste floods his mouth and soothes his throat, warming him from the inside. He closes his eyes with a smile.
Sam shakes his head and smiles, "It's your funeral," he says, "I'm glad you're here now anyway. Not least because it might stop Dean climbing the fucking walls," he added, almost to himself.
There is a hint of annoyance in his tone and Dean opens his mouth to bite back, but his sarcastic denial dies on his lips when he looks back at his brother and sees not anger or pity but genuine sympathy. He shrugs one shoulder. ‘Guess you’re right,’ he looks back out of the window. ‘Still kinda missing the whiskey though.’
They stare at each other in silence and then the dark haired man opens his mouth. ‘You…’ he begins and for the first time Dean can hear his voice. He seems transfixed by Dean for a moment, then he speaks again. ‘Thank god, thank god,’ he breathes, his eyes are extremely blue and they seem to light up the dark room. His voice is deep and rough. It is, Dean realises, the exact voice he heard in his head every time he saw him speak. Without warning the man darts forward and presses his lips to Dean’s.
“So let’s stop it. It won’t even be the first time we’ve done that,” Cas whispers as he leans forward. “The whole reason we’re even here today is that you refused to play the part you were literally born to play. You rejected that without a second thought. Remember that. Just because this role is one you’ve cast yourself in, doesn’t mean you can’t reject it in the same way.”
‘It’s…on your coverall…’ the man says with a confused laugh. Dean’s gaze falls to the embroidered patch on his chest and he blushes.
Sam sleeps on, apparently peacefully. Dean knows he should wake him but he cannot look away. The dark haired man looks scared now, holding his hands up higher, fingers spread in front of him as if he is reasoning with someone, but there is no one else visible in the room. He walks forward slowly, one hand out, then his bright blue eyes widen and he stops, stumbling and falling back onto the floor. Grasping his shoulder, he scrambles clumsily backward toward the bathroom, shiny shoes slipping on the carpet.
“It’s broken,” Cas says and takes his hand again, firm but gentle. Dean tries to pull it away but now there’s angelic force behind the strength that prevents him. He sighs in resignation and lets Cas run his thumb over his swollen knuckles. His hand tingles with the familiar warmth of Cas’ grace suffusing his skin and bone. He swallows hard, finds his mouth dry and almost chokes. Cas just looks down, intent on his healing as Dean’s split skin and bones knit and his skin smoothes, until the drops of blood are the only evidence. He swipes at them with his thumb and the whole thing is gone. No pain, no scars. “Better?” he asks.
Dean, his own clothes no drier, looks at him and sighs. “Shoes off Cas,” he says firmly, looking down at the muddy footprints on the parquet floor.
He looks down at his carry on case and sighs again as he wonders what to do about his checked luggage. All around him people are staring in disbelief at the screens, grumbling, cursing and, in some cases, crying. Cancelled flights on Christmas Eve are always awful. The sight of all the people who won't be able to get home to see their families’ pulls at his heart but there's nothing he, or they, can do now. He's just going to have to go home to his tiny apartment again. He had been looking forward to seeing his brother Gabriel and his new boyfriend but he knows they'll understand. He will try and get another flight in a couple of days. He feels a small pang of guilt when he realises that he is a little bit happy at the prospect of a quiet Christmas Day spent alone with Netflix and junk food. Although he loves his brother, he also likes his own company and meeting new people always fills him with mild panic. Gabriel had hinted that his boyfriend's brother would also be there and he had a nasty feeling that he was being set up on some kind of blind date. Another thing that throws him into a state of nervousness.
“Good,” Dean says and leans down again, pressing a hand to Cas’s forehead. “I’ll leave you to it, ok?” Dean turns towards the door. Cas’s body is wracked with a coughing fit again, he winces and presses a hand to his chest as he fights for breath and tries not to spill the soup. Dean turns back. “You want me to stay for a bit?” he asks with a frown.
Dean gets up and goes over to the window. He opens the drapes wider so they can both see the storm, a blanket of swirling static shrouding the dark neighbourhood. He whistles in surprise. “Shit, I’m kinda glad I didn’t end up on a plane in this.”
The taste of chilled metal and desperate longing consumes him. There is no physical press of skin against his, only a thrill that prickles across his lips and rushes down his spine. His fingers and toes tingle as if he’s coming in to the warm after walking hours in the snow. His mind has stalled, he doesn’t want to move; he doesn’t want anything but this. He closes his eyes and feels the gentle sensation of pins and needles roll over his skin. He knows this feeling, half way between a memory and a story overheard.
His skin is clammy, crawling with either prickling heat or shivery chills from one moment to the next. His chest aches like someone is sitting on it, his throat is dry and scratchy, his eyes hurt; they water when he tries too hard to focus on something and his voice has almost entirely disappeared.
Dean is sitting on one of the old couches in the room which was the library but has become, for all intents and purposes, the living room. The Zippo stands on the end table by his side, the flame guttering in some unnoticed breeze, causing huge shadows to crawl over the walls. His gaze is fixed on its small halo of warmth and light.
A shiver runs up Dean’s spine for some reason, but he shakes his head. ‘No, seems like you're out of luck.’
Sam blinks in the darkness and stares at him. ‘What the hell?’ he says squinting, face creased from sleep.
Cas nods and Dean comes back to sit on the edge of the bed again. He looks down as if trying to decide something and then puts a hand on Cas’s leg, tentitively, as he watches Cas finish eating.
Dean looks angry. "No! I mean...yes...you are useful but that's not why we...I...want you here. You're our friend Cas. My friend. I...like having you around."
They make their way back to the war-room, which is shrouded in the same pitch blackness. Dean holds up the lighter, casting huge shadows on the pale walls. He flicks various switches but nothing shows any sign of life. The bunker is completely silent. He jogs up the steps to the door and turns the handle. Nothing happens.
Dean had pressed his hand to Cas’s forehead. “Shit you're burning up!” He sighed as he looked sympathetically into Cas’s wide, bloodshot eyes. “I'm sorry buddy.”
‘You too Cas.’ They look at each other for a moment until Cas turns to leave with a faintly sad smile.
Outside the snow is becoming somewhat apocalyptic and they can hardly see the parking lot, let alone the car.
Dean nods. Slowly he sits down on the edge of the bed. “Do you want me to…I could sit with you if you like?”
He is moving before he realises it and Dean is following him. He walks through the rooms and corridors until they stop outside an unmarked door. He pushes it. It creaks open loudly, revealing a small room, almost a closet, with a hugely elaborate sigil painted on the floor. It is, or was, a spell for perpetual renewal. Very old and beautifully crafted. However there is now a break in it - one of the swirling lines on the floor is scuffed, it looks very much as if someone had dragged a knife across it.
When they get to the car Dean brushes the snow off the trunk and opens it to dump both cases inside.
Dean is up and out of bed before he knows what is happening. He runs to the bathroom door and stares down at the man who now sits awkwardly with his back against the wall with blood running from his sleeve, leaving sticky, red handprints on the cracked linoleum floor. His eyes are filled with a mixture of fear and anger as he looks up, staring through Dean at his invisible assailant. The sight fills Dean with a mixture of horror and rage that, if he paused to consider it, he would be unable to rationally explain. But he doesn’t pause. He wheels around, trying to see what the man sees and freezes as he finds himself face to face with another man. This man wears similarly old-fashioned clothes but, where the dark haired man is tall and well dressed, this man is short and dishevelled, unshaven and wild-eyed. He also holds a gun, a small silver revolver which gleams in his shaking hand.
Dean takes it and this time the spark he feels doesn’t even surprise him. It’s not shocking; it’s comfortable and familiar.
They reach a dark wooden door, seemingly identical to many others that line the halls. “Here we are – home sweet home.” Dean says and pushes open the door to reveal a small room with a freshly made bed, a t-shirt and a pair of sleep pants are folded on the covers. “Sorry these are a bit old and ratty,” Dean says, gesturing to the clothes, “they're all I've got for now but we’ll get you some new stuff soon ok?”
When he hears the familiar guttering roar of the Impala’s engine he looks up. When he sees the brothers walking towards him he finds his throat tightening and something prickling at the corners of his eyes, his chest feels tight, he bites his lip, his face is wet and he’s not sure why.
Sam raises his eyebrows. ‘Bite me,’ he says with a smile, unscrewing the bottle cap and taking a swig of whiskey. Dean makes a face, grabbing for the bottle before any more germs can be transferred.
Dean nods, peering up at the pitch black sky, "Yeah. He lives in Boston, he's just out of law school, real hotshot." The words are accompanied by an eye roll but the pride in Dean's voice and wry smile would be obvious to anyone. Cas smiles. "That’s great. Do you have a lot of siblings?"
Dean glances at the key in his hand, room 669. He starts off down one of the corridors, his brother following. There is no sound other than their footsteps, muffled by the old carpet, and the trundling wheels of Sam’s case as he drags it behind him. Christ knows why he needed a suitcase, they’re only staying one night. The room numbering seems to be somewhat random, as is often the case in old hotels, but he finds his way easily enough. There is something familiar about this place, but back in the days when he accompanied his brother on these trips more often they stayed in so many crumbling fleapit hotels that they all started to blur together. He shrugs, unlocks the door and flicks on the light.
Cas gets up and walks towards Dean with a look of purpose that he hasn’t seen in years. He reaches out, gripping the sides of Dean’s face with both hands. Dean closes his eyes, feeling the buzz of grace spilling from Cas’ fingertips, spreading electricity through his body. When he kisses him it’s hard, fierce and demanding, almost angry. Dean understands, he feels the fury too even as he kisses back. He’s been lied to, for his whole life, about his whole life, all for the sake of Chuck’s narrative. But as he lets himself sink against Cas’ lips, lets himself feel the fire of his hands on his skin, it’s as if every distorted version of himself, every false narrative, slides right back together and he knows
‘Um would you…d’ya wanna go…? I mean, if you…um. If you’re into…um. Oh for fucks’ sake.’ Dean frowns, aware that none of the words he just said made any sense. He shakes his head in disgust, takes a deep breath and starts again. ‘Would you like to go for a drink with me?’
Cas blinks in surprise, how does he know his name? He nods and turns his frown into a tight smile, "Dean," he says, hoping fervently that he won't be asked to explain how he knows Dean's.
The man moves to wrap his arms around Dean’s neck but they pass straight through him. This time the sensation is like a full-body static shock, he flinches back sharply and they stare at each other, mouths open, eyes locked. The man looks confused, he reaches out again, brushing his fingers against Dean’s cheek, but again his pale fingertips slip through as if he’s not there and Dean feels nothing but the strange charge that seems to fill his body and mind with white noise. The man looks as if he might cry. ‘Dean,’ he says imploringly. The part of Dean’s mind that has no idea what is happening rebels for a moment, demanding an explanation, before it slips away and what looks out from behind his eyes now is more than just Dean Winchester.
‘According to who?’ he asks over his shoulder. ‘Idiots on the internet?’ A passing police car wails, its lights casting flashing blue shadows across his face and the surrounding snow.
He moves his hand faster, breath stuttering, ragged panting under hot rain. He imagines Dean on his knees before him, smiling up at him as he takes him in his mouth and sinks down, swirling his tongue along the underside of his cock, sucking and licking until Cas can’t help the sounds that come from his mouth, the pleas and prayers and moans. Dean moving forward even further, pushing his nose into warm, soft hair, humming darkly, digging his fingers into Cas’s ass, opening his throat until Cas feels himself surrounded by tight, wet heat. He imagines looking down at Dean, at his plush lips wrapped around his cock, emerald eyes locked on his and he comes over his hand with a shout, pressing the back of his other hand against his mouth to muffle the sound of Dean’s name.
.” Dean growls. He shoves his brother out of the way and storms out of the bathroom and out of the bar, ignoring the blonde at the bar who turns to him as he passes.
When he’s finished his initial diagnosis they head back inside. Dean presses his lips together nervously as he watches Cas fill out the paperwork. He’s going to leave in a moment. What if he doesn’t see him again for some reason? What if someone else is here when he picks his car up? What if Dean gets hit by a truck tomorrow? He needs to say something now. He has never in his life felt like this about anyone. Like they know each other already, like he knows everything about this man, what he loves, what he hates, who he is inside. He knows all of that. Probably best not to start by telling him that though.
always known it. He can still feel the chill of the kiss. He swallows and closes his mouth. ‘What happened?’ he asks, because he doesn’t want to say “I love you,” to a dead man he only just met.
Dean stares at him, transfixed, not breathing. The man doesn’t seem to notice him, doesn’t even glance in his direction. His gaze is focused on something by the window. Despite the darkness, Dean can make out every detail of the man’s face, the dark hair under his trilby hat, the lines in the corners of his eyes, his strong jawline. He can see the creases in the collar of his old-fashioned dark coloured trench-coat, turned up as if he has just come in from the cold. The man appears completely solid, but something about the way he stands out against the gloom makes Dean immediately aware that the man is not really ‘here’ in the strictest sense of the word. He appears to be speaking - his lips move quickly as he holds his gloved hands out in front of him in a soothing gesture - but Dean cannot hear a word.
Dean nods and points into the distance. "Yeah I'm good. She's over there," he says, his voice sounding strangely muffled in the snow bound surroundings.
“Shit! It's late. Sorry man you must be fucking wrecked. C’mon, there's a room for you.” Dean gets up and holds out a hand, gesturing for Cas to follow him. Cas gets up slowly, says goodnight to Sam and follows Dean down the winding corridors of the bunker.
When they've both retrieved at least some of their clothes they lie in each other's arms under a blanket Dean dragged from the back of the couch. Dean looks at his watch in surprise. “Merry Christmas Cas,” he says, kissing the top of his head.
For Dean the next few days pass in a daze. He spends New Years’ Day with Sam and they eat too much and watch awful TV. He laughs and jokes but feels weirdly empty for reasons he can't name. Sometimes he feels an overwhelming sadness sweep over him and he wants to cry but he puts it down to residual grief over the end of his relationship, despite the fact that he hardly thinks about his absent partner anymore. He thinks he dreams about someone a lot but the face is always gone when he opens his eyes. After the holidays he goes back to work at his uncle Bobby’s garage, muddling through without really feeling present for a moment. His thoughts keep skipping back to the bathroom of the old hotel for some reason.
When Cas has finished the soup Dean places the tray back on the side and lies down next to him on the bed, arranging them so Cas is resting his head on his chest, his arm thrown across his stomach. Cas sighs deeply and closes his eyes, relaxing into Dean’s arms and the sensation of his hands trailing lightly along his back. He is aware that something is changing, that this is not necessarily conventional behaviour among friends. A heavy tranquility permeates his whole body and he is asleep before he can really wonder what it all means.
The man puts out his hand. ‘Castiel,’ he says as Dean takes it.  At the sound of the name Dean freezes, his grip tightening as an uncontrollable flood of someone else’s memories cascade over him. Castiel looks alarmed for a moment then it’s as if he tunes in to the charged atmosphere. He looks down at their hands and back up into Dean’s eyes. ‘Dean…’ he breathes, eyes wide but unfocused. The spell only lasts for a second, then they let go of each other’s hands and blink as if they’ve just woken up. ‘Good to meet you Cas,’ Dean says. Castiel doesn’t correct him.
Dean rattles the little vending drawer, trying to force it open. “What show? What the fuck are you talking about?”
Baggage claim seems to take hours. They stand side by side watching a seemingly endless parade of suitcases go around the carousel and making awkward small talk as they wait. Dean's bag arrives first but he stays and waits for Cas's to arrive.
Cas and Dean have been talking and drinking and laughing for what feels like hours when Cas looks over to the window and notices the darkness through the gap in the drapes.
what! How many years has it been you asshole? He looks at you, you look at him. He saves you, you save him. You leave him, he leaves you! Then every now and again you finally get to a place where you seem...I don’t know, comfortable? Like you might even...But it always,
“I love you,” Dean says immediately. He realises it sounds faintly accusatory, as if it were a secret Cas had been keeping from him. “I’m
"It's ok, I like it," Cas says wondering what the hell is wrong with him. This is the music that drives him nuts every day when it blares down from Dean's apartment.
Dean grabs his suitcase and pulls it the rest of the way to the car, ignoring Cas's faint protests. To be honest Cas is glad to be rid of the unwieldy thing.
Dean blinks, staring at Cas as if he’s seeing him for the first time. He feels the pricking of the tears that threaten to spill over again but he also feels something spreading through his chest, a revelation so huge and yet so utterly obvious that the odds of crying or laughing hysterically seem pretty even. He has literally never considered their rejection of Heaven’s plan as being in the same ballpark, but now he sees it. He sees how he never really thought twice. He may have had moments where he thought he should go along with it for a whole bunch of reasons, but he never felt that the angel’s were
Dean says nothing, afraid of what might come out if he opens his mouth now. He sets his jaw and glares, eyes glassy and fixed. His hands flex at his sides as visions of punching his brother flit over his mind.
"I blame it on my roommate Charlie," Dean continues, "she's the one who's always dragging people over here to play video games all fucking night," he laughs, "Sometimes I don't know why I put up with her. She's like the little sister I never wanted," he says fondly.
Cas nods, he had pretty much assumed the same thing. "Perhaps there is some spell or ritual that needs to be renewed?" he wonders aloud.
Dean takes a deep breath and passes Cas in the doorway, headed back to the living room. As Cas follows he sees him shake his head and murmur something under his breath.
Cas nods. “It’s ok Dean. I know you don’t…” he falters for a second and then smiles. “Come on, come back in. She’s waiting for you.”
Dean lets out a breath. “Don’t worry about me Cas,” he says, “If I’m gonna get sick it’s too late now. Anyway, if I do it’ll be your chance to look after me.” He lifts the tray off the table and puts it down on Cas’s lap. “Here, eat ok? You’ll be better soon.”
Cas looks wary, his eyes squint slightly. He doesn’t speak so Dean closes his eyes and ploughs on, focusing on a spot somewhere inside his own head. “Every time. Every time I think maybe....maybe I--you...Then I find myself back here, back at the fucking start putting on the same show, playing the same fucking part I’ve been playing my whole fucking life. Because...” Dean tails off, heart thumping, words drying up.
A week later they’re all standing in the lobby of the bunker, dripping rain water on the floor. They have all just got in after being caught in a downpour. Cas’s hair is soaking, plastered to his skull. Rivulets of water run down his face, into his eyes and off his nose. He blinks and tries to push it away, smearing the rain over his cheeks, re-distributing the moisture to his hands. He shakes his head gently, which just succeeds in making more water run down the back of his neck, down the collar of his white button-up. He shivers as the drops slide down his spine.
Dean takes him by the arm and steers him through the bunker, to his room. He opens the door and goes in to the bathroom.
‘I have missed this,’ Dean says quietly. ‘It's been cool to hang out with you again. Even if we didn't see any ghosts.’
He frowns and returns his concentration to the dark road ahead. Moments later however, when he catches himself again, he is thinking about Cas’s trench-coat and how much he wants to see it hanging up in the bunker again. How it feels to see Cas without his coat. That leads directly to more specific thoughts related to Cas without his coat...
The journey home is fairly slow, Dean does not drive the way Cas had expected him to. He is conscientious and attentive and says little, too busy watching the snow blown road. He switches on the heater, turning the vent toward Cas and shoves a tape into the player. As the sounds of loud rock music fill the car he gives Cas an apologetic smile. "Sorry dude, it helps me concentrate."
Cas walks over to the couch, bathed in faint, yellowish light. He sits down next to Dean and looks at his face, half in darkness, half out. His expression is unreadable.
“No!” Dean snaps, pulling his hand back, wincing at the pain. “Get out of here Cas. I’m not...I can’t…”
Sam hovers awkwardly behind his brother, watching over his shoulder with a frown. He looks utterly worn down and wrung out but there is an almost tangible empathy in his expression as he smiles at Cas.
Cas stands and watches him. He has only been in Dean’s room for a few moments since he arrived here. He wonders why they're not in his own room. This room is sparsely decorated but strangely, it still makes him feel comfortable. It is someone’s home, even if that someone is something of a Spartan.
Cas raises his arms tentatively, it feels nice, he thinks, comforting and friendly but not the same. He is not swamped with sensation the way he was when Dean hugged him.
When he looks away from the mirror he notices a pile of clothes by the side of the sink. There is a new pair of dark blue jeans; an old, black, faded t-shirt, which he recognizes as Dean's - he can still smell him when he holds the soft fabric to his face - some new socks, underwear and a jumper made from warm brown-amber wool. He runs his fingers over the incredibly soft sweater, feeling the fibers warm his hand as he strokes it. It is new; there is a tag still sticking out of the collar and he imagines Dean standing in a store, choosing it for him. Why had he picked this one? Was it the style he liked? The color? When he holds it up in front of the mirror the autumnal colors make his blue eyes look brighter. Is that why he chose it?
Dean turns, apparently satisfied, and hands Cas a couple of huge towels. “Here, you’re going to need these. Get in the shower and get warm. I really don’t need you getting a cold.”
Cas struggles to sit up a bit, coughing wetly. “I still feel awful,” he says through the cough. His voice is a sticky whisper.
Without a thought Dean throws himself between the men. He doesn’t hear the shot but he sees the terror of it in the dark haired man’s eyes. Pain explodes in his back and he falls forward, dropping to his knees onto the cold floor. The room is a blur, the pain is searing. He screws his eyes shut as it burns through him. Then, just as he’s sure he’s going to die, the pain vanishes as if it was never there. His eyes snap open and he finds himself face to face with the dark haired man, but this time, the wide blue eyes are focused directly on his own.
Dean winces, clenching the remote, and Cas squeezes his hand. When did the socially awkward angel he used to know become so good at reading him?
He lets out a shout of anger before he realizes where they are. Dean’s lying in the bed, broken and unconscious. In a hospital. If Castiel causes a scene, they will draw unneeded attention. Hands balled into fists at his sides, teeth clenched, Castiel paces back and forth in front of the door. This is… this is terrible.
Saturday evening, Castiel is sitting on his sofa, his flat-screen TV showing Bloomberg channel with Fox Business in the PiP. With a sigh, he closes the tab where he was reading an article about the advancement of artificial intelligence. Thinking about the idea of "Casual Fridays" he opens up a new browser window. After checking the company's dress code, he begins looking for jeans. There are so many brands available that it's dizzying, so he goes to the website of a well-known store. There, he finds brands he's used to seeing, like John Varvatos, Ferragamo, etc.
She nods and beckons Cas into the room, who seems extra awkward about being in the same room as Dean now that he’s awake, and he keeps his distance at the end of the bed. After a nurse comes in to check on Dean’s vitals, Sam asks Jody about the leads for the other hunter’s case he’d needed help with. She hasn’t found much yet, so he’ll have to let the other hunter know. Before they can discuss much else, Dean’s doctor comes in and shoos them all out of the room.
“Ah, Dean, I could use a hand with—” He looks up to see someone not Dean standing at the entrance. In spite of no longer having any angel powers, he recognizes who is behind the stranger’s face. “Ephraim?”
Castiel shows Dean where some of the thrift stores are. When asked why there are so many, he shares what he’s learned about the numerous resources, and increased homeless population in the area. Dean gets a bit pensive after that, but cheers up when Castiel finds a Metallica t-shirt on one of the racks.
Castiel is fascinated with the golden glow of Dean’s eyes in this lighting. “Then what do you suggest?” he whispers.
Dean gives him a splash with a dubious look, but Castiel wobbily sits up and downs it. If he’s going to adapt, he may as well emulate the one role model with which he’s spent the most time. But the liquor has loosened his tongue, and there’s something he’s thought about off and on since he started wearing the wig, something brought to the front of his thoughts since last night. Staring at Dean, he asks, “If I had taken a female vessel, would we have had sex by now?”
A blush heats Castiel’s cheeks and he looks away, but Dean doesn’t relent. “I mean it, man. You never smiled that much as an angel, and I used to think you hated getting stuck with us… with me.”
Adrenaline surges through Castiel’s body, seeming to numb the sensation in his hand and wrist. From the side, he sees Dean slide the angel blade across to him. Just as a pink light begins to emit from Ephraim’s hand, Castiel reaches for the blade with his free hand, grasps it, and plunges it straight into Ephraim’s gut with as much force as he can muster.
Meg’s words stay with Castiel all through warming up the projector, booting up his laptop, and pulling up his notes from yesterday. He can’t help but start to think about how long it’s been since he’s been… intimate with anyone. It takes him a while to remember his last partner. But he’s been busy, focusing on work.
Castiel stands up and stretches his back. The chairs are definitely not made for sleeping, and he’s grown to enjoy actually sleeping in a bed at Jody’s. After a long look at Dean sleeping restfully, Castiel gathers the paperback he’d brought with him and follows her to the parking garage. It’s late, Marlene’s shift having ended at 11PM, and Castiel is surprised to see lights on when he’s dropped off at Jody’s.
As usual, Cas is the one to pull away. He takes a deep breath and rests their foreheads together a moment before speaking. "I don't think I'm up for another movie tonight, Dean."
Jolene places a hand on his wrist. “You don’t have to tell me, but I’m here to listen and help if you feel like you can.”
“Huh.” Dean doesn’t know how to respond to that, but it does raise another question. “So you’re still an angel?”
After the revolution, much remains in flux. Humans still riot in protest of androids, and violence against them is still very much an imminent threat. Canada, in response to the uprising, has allowed androids to enter as refugees with special status. That makes it easier on the Winchesters, at least, with Emma returning to the farm on Monday the 15th. There’s still much work to do, so they remain in place, helping androids cross the border safely, and offering minor repairs if they’ve been abused.
It’s only just five but Cas is freezing and since Dean is offering…"Whiskey would be great, I still can’t feel my fingers."
He opens the book and flips to the scene where Sam found him drinking Purple Nurples in the college bar with the coed, who he still maintains was definitely – probably – called something way classier than Starla. He remembers her, a hazy impression of a blonde who, he is now prepared to admit, may have been less hot than he thought at the time. But he also remembers...Jake? Joe? Definitely a J name anyway. Also potentially less hot than the beer goggles had suggested but cute, funny, flirty. He remembers his hand on his ass and something probably filthy, but sadly inaudible over the music, being whispered in his ear. It was him that he’d been talking to when Sam had appeared with his disapproving act, not Starla. He has always known that but he is also just realising it for the first time.
Dean looks embarrassed as he hands him his drink, taking a sip from his own glass. "Yeah, I know. I keep buying more even though there's shit loads I haven't even started yet. Guilty pleasure," he laughs.
"Fuck knows, I was in the kitchen getting a beer and it all just went phutt--" Dean mimes a small explosion, "Looks like the whole place has just run out of juice."
Cas takes the lighter from Dean and kneels down to examine the markings. He runs a finger lightly over one line and raises it, squinting, sniffing experimentally.
"Do you have the ingredients to repair it?" Cas asks sharply, holding the lighter out for him to take back.
Cas reaches out silently and touches a finger to the wound, which vanishes in the warm glow of his grace. “Something’s different,” he says, taking the bottle from Dean and opening it easily.
Dean grins. "Well yeah, it's tough sometimes, this place is a fucking madhouse. Hope it's not too noisy downstairs? I was meaning to ask you." He takes another sip and Cas gives a dismissive 'it's fine' gesture, while yelling at himself internally.
Cas looks up when he’s finished. ‘It was lovely to meet you Dean,’ he says, holding out a hand again.
"Yeah I get that man. I was in a relationship for a couple years and I thought it was gonna be forever you know? But it all fell apart about three months ago and here I am sharing an apartment with a friend like I'm at fucking college and I'm young, free and single again. Everyone was telling me it'd be awesome - you can do what you want, go where you want, fuck who you want. And they were right - for about a month and a half - I did kind of throw myself into it, but lately I've realised it's all fucking meaningless. It's like turning up the music loud so you can't hear the silence - which is something else I do, sorry about that by the way."
A glass chinking sound from behind him makes him turn, Sam is holding up a bottle. Dean grins. ‘You’re the best Sammy, I don’t care what everyone else says.’
When he hangs up the phone he leans back on the couch, putting his feet up on the coffee table again and sighs deeply. “Fuck man, this is exactly what I needed you know? Just to chill out and get a bit of peace. I'm actually kind of glad our flight got cancelled.” He looks over at Cas who smiles,
As he walks, the wheel of his case catches on the uneven concrete, the handle jerks out of his hand and he drops the case in the snow. Pulled up short, he loses his footing, slips on the icy ground and falls hard on his ass in the freezing cold.
“S’ok, just…I’ll see you in a minute ok?” Dean turns back briefly, his cheeks are flushed pink, pupils dilated. He blinks, nods once and backs out of the door awkwardly.
"Nothing to be guilty about," he smiles, "I'm the same. I have way too many downstairs," he says, thinking of the stack sitting unread on his nightstand below. "Sometimes I just want to read the ones I've already read a million times you know? Even when I've got new ones waiting. It's comforting..." he trails off because Dean is grinning.
He gathered the tattered remains of his wits about him and hauled himself half way across the country to Lebanon, Kansas. He walked, hitched, took buses and walked again, to find himself outside what looks like an abandoned electrical substation. He bangs his fist against the rough metal, trying not to think about the pain that sparks up his arm when he does so; or about the ache in his legs and blisters on his feet, the gritty tiredness of his eyes, the thumping pain in his head, the hunger, the thirst. There will be time to consider all of that later.
Cas nods and pulls his trench-coat off, dropping it with a wet splat on the tiled floor. He starts to undo the buttons of his shirt, peeling it back from his shoulders. Goosebumps appear on his wet skin.
Cas wakes with a start. The walls are pressing in. His head is wrapped in something, something that fills his ears and nose and mouth and covers his eyes. He tries to reach out, his mind flails for the comfort of the others but there is nothing there but darkness. He sits bolt upright and suddenly the room lights up. Bursts of color explode in front of his eyes, he screws them shut with a gasp, throwing up a hand to shield himself from the brightness.
This book is called Tall Tales. It’s different to the others, told from both his and Sam’s perspective as they each described the same events to Bobby when he turned up just in time to stop the Trickster from driving them to fratricide.
Dean breaks into a wide grin and starts laughing, screwing up his eyes and shaking, laughing until he's gasping and there are tears in his eyes.
‘He came back. He saw us together and he followed me here and he…he had a gun. He shot me in the arm and I fell and he came after me. He wouldn’t listen, he just kept coming. He kept saying if he couldn’t have me no one would. He was fucking crazy. I said you were coming, that you would stop him but he just laughed. I begged him… I just wanted to see you again, I just wanted you to walk in that door but you didn’t come and he…’ A pause, Cas looks uncertain then continues in a quieter tone.  ‘…he shot me and I died. I died and then I kept on dying. I kept on begging and calling for you and he kept on shooting me and I kept on dying. Until today.’ His eyes are filled with tears, his hands twitch as he tries to reach out again.
The voice from behind him makes him turn in surprise. A man in his thirties stands staring up at the screen, his face a picture of rage. Oh shit. Not him! What the hell is he doing here? His incredibly annoying upstairs neighbour Dean. The man moved in a month ago and Cas has already grown to loathe him. He plays awful music at ridiculous volume at all times of the day and night. He doesn't seem to sleep at all. He has people over every fucking night and has extremely noisy sex to the point where Cas occasionally worries that the bed will come through his ceiling. He had debated saying something on the rare occasions that they cross paths in the hall, but it's hard to look someone in the eye when you've heard their name being screamed, accompanied by 'oh fuck yes, harder'. This is the only reason that he even knows the guy's name at all.
After a short scuffle Dean has possession of the whiskey and is sitting on the other bed, pouring the liquor into one of the plastic cups Sam had produced from his bag. ‘Ok then,’ he says, carefully balancing the cup between his knees as he over-fills it with whiskey. ‘What’s the deal with this place? Ghosts? Demons? Bigfoot?’
Except now it turns out maybe he’s not. Maybe even that is just part of Chuck’s storybook bullshit. The truth is he’s terrified that there is no part of him that isn’t. This fresh and imaginative new hell just never stops piling on the existential dread.
They all file through the narrow doorway in the wall and no one mentions the word clamouring for attention, the one he said without even thinking. Home.
with Cas? When did that happen? Cas is his best friend and also, perhaps more importantly, a dude. Or at least dude-adjacent. So why does he feel like he’s been in love with Cas for years?
“Thanks for taking a chance on your annoying neighbour, I’m sure I haven't given you any reasons to think I'd be a good guy to hang out with. I've been a bit selfish the last few months. Sorry if I've been a dick.”
Cas takes a swig from the bottle without looking at the label. That is easier, it dilutes the taste, cuts through the sensations.
A sound from the doorway makes him look up and there’s Cas, smiling and holding two bottles of beer.
Cas sighs and finishes taking off his clothes, dropping the damp garments on top of his coat and climbing into the shower, dragging the curtain across behind him. It’s not his first shower; he has quickly come to understand the need to keep his vessel clean, and, more recently, to appreciate that the experience could be pleasurable. He pushes his hands through his hair, tipping his head back and closing his eyes as the water gradually warms his chilled skin, washing away the goose bumps and rain. The water is the perfect temperature. Warmth rains down around him, the pressure is high and the drops hit his skin with an ever so slight sting, bouncing off his shoulders, streaming down his back and chest, sliding over his ass and legs, running into the dark, coarse hair between his legs, down his cock. It feels perfect.
Dean opens the passenger door and Cas climbs in, shivering in the chill interior as he looks around. The inside of the car is pristine, not a single piece of trash or scuffed upholstery. It's as if it just rolled off the production line despite its age. Dean gets in and blows on his hands to warm them. He smiles at Cas, turns on the engine and they drive carefully out of the lot.
when you smile at him? The murderous look you gave that bartender when she smiled at him? I don’t know - name a fucking rom-com cliche.”
Cas smiles and reaches out a hand to the side of Dean’s face, sliding his thumb carefully over his cheekbone. Dean’s breath freezes in his chest but he wills himself not to move away, instead raising his eyes to meet Cas’.
Dean’s presence is a siren call, and his body feels the pull, but he resists the urge. Distracting himself with cleaning behind the counter, checking the beans, he does anything to avoid the man in the green coat by the window, now making obscene noises over his pie. It doesn’t seem like Dean is in any kind of hurry, so Castiel relents, and asks for a 15 minute break before going to stand at Dean’s table, watching him take another sip of coffee.
Dean’s at the kitchen door, a bag of supplies and bandages in one hand, the forgotten six pack of beer in the other. He raises his eyebrows in question, and Castiel props the phone against his shoulder, so he can use his good hand to press a finger to his lips requesting Dean’s silence. When he receives a nod, he turns his attention back to Jolene, who is saying something about getting back to his date.
“I’ve been awake since early this morning, and was expecting to open again tomorrow. I’m just tired.” He doesn’t mention the low throb in his wrist, he can take a pain reliever before going to sleep.
While Dean is spewing swear words at a driver with their high beams on, Castiel’s phone beeps. The battery is getting low, since he didn’t plug it in last night. “Dean, my phone is running low on power, so I should probably go.”
I couldn't figure out where to stick Dean's POV about Castiel's new Friday outfit, but I'll mention it in a later chapter.
A lump in his throat, Castiel closes his eyes and takes deep breaths. It’s just a meal. Dean doesn’t often get to eat something other than fast food, so that’s all this is. As soon as the Rit-Zien is dealt with, Dean will leave, and everything will go back to the way things were.
He nudges Dean awake in time to watch the android leader Markus give a speech to the throng of androids packed into Hart Plaza. Still afraid of what people might do to the androids hiding in the storm cellars, Cas sends them a message to hold tight and they would gauge the atmosphere in the morning. Then, Dean turns off the TV and drags Cas to bed.
Dean ended up getting to work later than he intended, because while he did enjoy about fifteen minutes extra free time, he forgot the bus stop near the apartment is every hour, so he had to look up other routes and walk four blocks, praying he’d catch the other one on time. But that one was late, and crowded, and he had to stand next to someone who smelled like a dirty diaper. So by the time he arrives in the conference room he’s a bit sweaty and rumpled. Thankfully, his boss doesn’t seem to mind or notice.
As the bus slows to take the exit, Castiel shifts his feet, and reaches under his seat to slide his bag forward. As soon as the vehicle lurches to a stop at an unremarkable gas station, the driver announces when they will be leaving, and everyone clamors to get off. Castiel is patient, taking an extra moment to assist an older woman down the steps to the pavement.
Slowly, with effort, Dean asks Sam to tell him it’s okay to let go.  But he can’t, it’s too hard. Not when they finally got freedom. Dean asks again, his voice growing faint.
No stranger to changing gender due to different vessels, Castiel only nods, which makes Jolene smile and squeeze his cheeks. “You are a precious peach. Anyway, everyone around here is used to me as Jolene the woman. When they see you in the wig, they’ll expect that’s what you’re doing, too.”
Nodding, Castiel thanks him and reaches out a hand for the folder. Dean comes in, and eyes the papers on the desk. “Hey, is all this schematics for vehicle ECU systems?”
“I mean, it didn’t take long with Anna, although she wasn’t really an angel at the time, I suppose.” Castiel tilts his head and squints. “But you did object to the whole vessel thing. Hmm…” Memories carry him back to that first year with the Winchesters. “Although the vessel was empty after Raphael exploded me. And Michael.” He sighs. “And the leviathan. Have I died as many times as you or Sam yet?” There was one more time… Oh yes. Pulling up his t-shirt, he stares at where there had been an angel blade sticking out of him, not a scar to show for it. “And we can’t forget April.” He wishes he could. She hurt him in more ways than one.
Holding his breath, Castiel is afraid to look. Is it possible that Dean’s back? That he didn’t leave? The bed dips, and a warm body sprawls across him. Dean lets out a satisfied hum, and Castiel breathes again. Or at least as much as he can with the weight of a fully grown Dean Winchester pressed against him, nuzzling the back of his head.
“Nah.” Dean repositions them so Castiel is on his back, Dean leaning over him. “I like it.” Then he leans forward and kisses him.
At some point during the morning, Dean slips and start using his personal abbreviation of Cas, instead of Castiel. But Mr. Novak doesn’t say anything, so he keeps using it. Lunch is another fancy sandwich, and Dean tries to keep an eye on the time today. While it’s been nice working on this project with Cas, he knows the man must have other things to do. But it’s becoming increasingly difficult to avoid being distracted by Cas. He’s a good looking man, and while at first glance may be a bit of a hardass, he really seems to care about his employees.
Charlie even chips in a bit, just as smart as her counterpart from this world, but is ready to find a life outside of hunting, with Stevie. They’re still part of the network, just as support, with a weapons cache for hunters in need.
“Oh, I think I’m good, here.” Castiel turns to Dean. “I apologize for taking up so much of your time.”
Dean has stopped moving, his hands on either side of his now bandaged wrist on the table. Glancing up, Dean’s looking at him with concern. “Cas, you okay?”
Dean’s drinking his morning coffee, watching the news report about Russian troops in the arctic, and the president’s ineffectual demands for them to withdraw. If this keeps up, they’re going to tighten down on border patrol, making their lives difficult. Meanwhile, they’re dealing with the cleanup of severe storms all over the midwest, and Dean thinks to check on their friends in Kansas, as well as Jody in Sioux Falls. After his coffee, he starts fixing breakfast for him and Cas. Emma’s coming back today from a delivery, so he’s gotta get grumpy out of bed himself.
Cas frowns, he knows objectively that there are things the Winchesters do that make their, and others, lives harder; that they have made bad choices, but he can't imagine why Sam would think they're not the best examples of humanity Cas knows.
‘Thought I heard something,’ Dean explains, not about to admit he apparently passed out on the bathroom floor. ‘I…it was…,’ he frowns again. There was something important but he has no idea what it was now. He smiles, ignoring the hollow in his chest. ‘Nothin’.’
"I'm gonna need some help here Cas, c'mon.” Dean starts off back the way he came. Cas stands and watches him. He really just wants to go back into his room. What does he know about electricity and how the bunker works? He'll just be in the way as usual.
It is only as he is putting on the clothes that he is hit by the realization that Dean must have come in and left them in the bathroom while he was in the shower. His face heats up, flushing scarlet as he wonders how much he saw, or heard.
Cas nods. "Yeah, he does pull out all the stops. There's always more food than anyone can reasonably eat - or any army really. His cooking almost makes up for his incredibly unrefined sense of humour and his horrible practical jokes." He sighs, thinking of Gabriel's less than subtle hints about his boyfriend's brother. "To be honest I'm almost glad I couldn't go this year though," he adds in a confiding tone, "Gabriel has a new boyfriend - who seems lovely, he's not the issue at all - but the boyfriend's brother was going to be there too and I have a horrible feeling they were trying to set us up."
The first time he sneezed Dean had taken one look at his expression of stunned fear and burst out laughing; only stopping when he realized that Cas seemed to be in the throes of a sneezing fit that looked like it might never end. Cas had sneezed until his eyes were streaming and he could hardly breathe, his nose was bunged up and his head hurt.
Something in his mind moves like a camera shifting focus and his skin feels suddenly too small and too hot. He shifts in his seat, coughing to cover up his panic.
Cas nods, breathless. He listens as Dean's breathing slows, and breathes in the warm scent of his skin. He kisses his neck softly over one of the marks he left there.
Dean is staring at him, wide eyed. “Jesus dude, gimme a chance to get out of the room before you strip off,” he says, aparrently aiming for amused irritation and missing by a mile. He licks his lip and swallows, turning away.
Dean gives up on the machine, slamming a hand against it in frustration and turns on his brother. “Yeah Sam, I am. Because
Dean lies still, listening intently to the darkness, unsure what woke him. Sam is fast asleep and snoring, his laptop open on his chest, the glow from the screen casting his face in eerie light. Dean strains to pick out any unusual sounds, but the room is quiet, apart from the ticking of the clock on the wall above the TV and his brother’s snoring, which sounds like someone gargling with gravel, as usual. He is about to turn over and try and get back to sleep when his vision flickers for a moment and suddenly a dark haired man is standing at the foot of his bed.
Cas blushes and tries to sit up, he feels something stopping him and realises that Dean's arm is draped around his shoulders. He smiles. “Sorry, guess I was more tired than I thought,” he says, still looking up at Dean.
They carry on watching, Dean’s occasional funny and sarcastic comments make Cas laugh and he gradually relaxes into the easy companionship they seem to have developed without even trying. Dean's foot occasionally knocks against his on the table and every time Cas feels a rush of heat over his skin. He desperately wants to touch Dean's hand where it lies between them on the couch. He is hyper-aware of every glance Dean shoots his way, every movement he makes. He's fairly sure Dean has moved closer to him during the movie. He thinks Dean is attracted to him but he's still not sure he wants to doing anything about it. Gradually the warmth, whiskey and comfort seeps into him and he feels himself getting drowsy.
comes right back to this! Friday night in some shitty dive watching you play Dean Winchester: Over-compensator Extraordinaire. Chasing tail like a horny teenager while I try and make conversation and pretend not to notice how sad you both are. Every. Fucking. Time!” he yells, jabbing Dean’s chest for emphasis.
It’s been four days since he crashed to the Earth in a spinning, agonizing shower of sparks and feathers; since Metatron dragged his grace out and cast him aside like a gutted fish; since he watched a million fiery shooting stars plummet around him and realized, with a sickening crawl of terror and guilt, exactly what had happened. Three days since he finally managed to call Dean. The intense sweep of relief he felt at the sound of his voice over the distorted line was the first hint that all might, possibly, be ok.
"Can you, I don't know...feel...any power coming from anywhere here? Like, sense it or something?" Dean asks, awkwardly.
When they finally drag ass into the bunker Dean has aches in muscles he didn’t even know he had. His shoulders are stiff from driving and Garth’s painkillers are starting to wear off. A dull ache in his gums is threatening to become major pain given time.
Cas flushes, then shrugs. "Not really, I feel like I've had enough flings in my time. Don't really want to waste time on one night - or one-Christmas - stands anymore," he replies thoughtfully. "But mainly I just hate blind dates," he adds.
As the doors begin to close Dean suddenly darts out a hand and stops them. "Wait! Um...would you...you wanna come up for a drink?" he asks, sounding oddly unsure.
"No worries, you weren't to know. Anyway it was a long time ago - back when my brother was just a baby. Bobby - the guy I run my shop with - he raised us."
Cas stops, fingers on his pants button, shirt open. “Sorry,” he says, frowning at the back of Dean’s head.
“Dude he's asleep on his feet, can't you tell?” Sam chides his brother gently after a while. He looks on the verge of passing out himself. He glances at his watch then shows it to Dean.
, that it was his only possible path, or that he wouldn’t be himself if he refused to toe the heavenly line. Breaking out of it might not have been a walk in the park but he and Sam had been created, manipulated and bred for those roles, it was in their literal DNA, but they’d still managed to drop them without a backward glance.
The sweeping staircase has an air of faded grandeur. In fact this whole place reeks of it, of ornate gilded elegance which, on closer inspection, is worn down to the wood. All the surfaces are polished to a dull gleam by the touch of decades and once rich fabrics are now faded and threadbare. Dust motes meander through shafts of light that paint the worn carpets with the colours of the stained glass doors. This place may have been the height of luxury fifty or sixty years ago, but it has long since fallen on hard times.
Cas smiles and shakes his head. Even without his powers he can see Sam is still not well. His skin is drawn and sallow, his eyes are sunken and ringed with bruise-purple and he coughs too much.
Cas laughs and takes a sip of his whiskey, the warm rush of alcohol burns down his throat, the smell of smoke and the medicinal tang of peat fill his senses. Dean has good taste in whiskey.
"Exactly!" he agrees, nodding, "I've read some of these so many times I could recite them to you but that's part of what's great about them I guess. Familiarity."
Sam unzips his suitcase and pulls out a pile of paper which he shuffles in his lap. ‘Ghosts,’ he says. ‘There’s a whole heap of sightings and reports from this place, going back years. Something for pretty much every room if you look - poltergeist activity, cold spots, misty figures, phantom smells and weird noises --”
“I’m not chewing them Dean, they’re dissolving!” Cas insists, annoyed. He screws up his face at the vile bitterness on his tongue then sips the water again and swallows hard, wincing at the pain in his throat, then gulps down the rest of the water to clear the taste.
After a distinctly unsteady and noisy ascent, the elevator shudders to a halt at their floor.  The metal “safety gate” lets out a squeal of protest as Dean pushes it aside and they disembark warily into a hallway leading to a warren of dark corridors. Dark red thinning carpets run off into the distance and a selection of terrible paintings in chipped gilt frames hang at seemingly random points along the walls.
“You'll be ok Cas. You're already doing amazing. You got here didn't you? On your own? And you've got me-- us. I’m-- we’re here for you Cas. Ok? We’re gonna help you figure out all this stupid human shit. However long it takes. You’re home now.”
He has found a handful of candles in holders in one of the old supply closets. After a moment he moves into the room and begins to arrange them on the tables and least flammable-looking shelves. He picks up the lighter from the end table, leaving Dean in darkness and begins methodically to light them.
How do people live like this? Or do they? He’s still not sure he believes Garth’s theory on the loss of their ‘Hero Mojo’ or whatever. He’s no fucking hero, he’s a grunt. Just a guy doing a messy job for no reward because it’s all he knows how to do. He’s hardly Captain fucking America, he’s just good at breaking heads.
This time, when Cas’s fingers brush against his skin, Dean feels it. The barest touch, the ghost of warmth. A deep, abiding comfort wraps around him, sinking into his bones. The weight of a hundred years of loneliness leaves him in a ragged rush of breath as Cas’s thumb slips over his cheek, pushing away tears. Dean moves his hands closer, hovering uncertainly before he grabs Cas and drags him into another kiss. This one is warm and soft and slow. It seems to fill up his whole soul. He closes his eyes and focuses on the familiar touch that he has never felt before. He can taste him, smell him, hear him breathing; his heart beating. A flare of brilliant light makes him open his eyes with a start to see luminous blue and white sparks like fireflies pouring from Cas. His edges are blurring, the sparks are filling the room and somehow Dean knows he is going. He can feel him fading but he also feels the overwhelming sense of relief and joy that radiates from him. The desire to hold on is almost unbearable but he makes himself smile, fighting the rising panic in his chest.
That was three days ago and Cas hasn’t left his bed since. He’s pretty much used to the sneezing, coughing, running nose and streaming eyes by now; it’s the aches and pains that really get him down. Every movement makes him groan, his joints have all become rusty hinges. He has slept a lot over the last couple of days but he’s still tired, hot, cold and uncomfortable.
Sometimes though; when he looks at Dean, when he thinks about him - about them - he feels something inside him expand. He feels like he is opening out, unfolding and becoming something more than this.
Cas tilts his head. “Hmmm. Will the record store one inform me more about your musical inclinations?”
With one last breath, Dean says goodbye, and drops his head on Sam’s chest, his body limp. All Sam can do is cry, holding onto his brother’s dead body. Again. For the last time.
Dean sets down his cup. “I’m here,” he leans on his elbows, curving forward, voice low. “Because I wanted to see how you were doing, make sure you’re OK.”
And Sam does just that, not noticing that he manages to fall asleep until he’s awakened by the sound of Cas calling his name.
? Really?” The words are too loud, and Castiel glances around. The young woman and her friend are on the other side of the dining area, but it’s small. Thankfully, they’re not looking.
“If this has anything to do with you smuggling androids across the border, the answer is no.” Dean crosses his arms.
Later, Sam stopped watching the clock and couldn’t remember when, A doctor came out to tell him Dean had survived surgeries to repair a collapsed, punctured lung and laceration to his heart (he was lucky it wasn’t a full puncture). The doctor said it was dicey for a while (Sam would find out later Dean died at least twice on the operating table) but he was currently as stable as someone in his condition could get.
Dean has been working hard explaining things to Mr. Novak, but he’s… actually having fun. This isn’t exactly what he was hoping for out of this internship, but he likes it. He’s known cars his whole life, and when he got into engineering, he’d almost gone the mechanical route. But cars are mostly computers with engines and wheels nowadays, so he’s glad he’s able to help his boss with this project.
After using the bathroom, Castiel assists Dean off the couch and to his room. For a moment, he’s taken aback over Dean’s comment about being weak, almost echoing his nearly constant dismay over his own weakness. But he soon re-focuses on Dean again as he keeps him vertical, reminding himself that his human condition is nothing to the injuries Dean has faced. Now at Dean’s room, Castiel tells him he’s happy to be useful. There's a sorrow behind the words, because as a human, there’s so little he can actually do.
Jolene finds him a few minutes later, hyperventilating in the bathroom. Castiel jumps when he feels her palm between his shoulderblades, telling him to take slow breaths. Even before, when he was newly human, struggling to survive and not be found by other angels, he’d never felt this level of sheer panic. Did they find him? Is it merely coincidence? After he is finally breathing normally, she asks him what all that was about. Of course, he tries to pass it off as nothing, and she seems to accept it although she gives him a sideways look.
“I have work to do.” As tempting as it is to drop everything and go help Dean, Castiel has responsibilities. And besides, being kicked out of the Bunker still stings a bit. “If I discover anything new, I’ll call or text.”
With a huff, Bernie takes in the sight of Castiel, the pamphlets clutched in his fist. “When you figure out what you want, let me know.” At that, he goes back to cleaning something behind the counter.
Almost every channel on TV has some sort of news about what’s going down, and movie channels are showing
And he now knows the guy is reading his evaluations. Thinking about the Disney World reply he’d left because it wasn’t fucking fair, his cheeks heat at the amusement sparkling in Mr. Novak’s eyes when he’d mentioned it. Shit. Dean finishes his rounds and heads back to the basement with the mail cart. Fucking unfair blue eyes, unfair lost luggage— one of the wheels of the cart gets jammed in the elevator entrance, jolting Dean from his thoughts. As he jostles it free, he continues his thought,
“Security will let you in, you’ll go to the top floor, and there will be directions to the roof entrance from there.”
Swallowing back a surge of emotion, Dean listens to Jack finish his speech. After Jack says goodbye and dissolves into white mist, Sam says his goodbye while Dean tries to hold himself together. With the dog named Miracle resting in the back seat, he stays silent during the trip home while Sam handles their phones as calls start coming in from the silo, from Jody, and Sam brushes them all aside when Eileen facetimes him. Dean smiles bitterly. At least Sam still has something good. The rest of the trip home he distracts himself with fielding incoming phone calls, saying they’ll all be filled in later, that Jack saved the day and they still need to process it all too.
Castiel is waiting when the doors open at Fresh Start the following morning, rushing through a shower and breakfast before putting on his nicest shirt and walking to the cafe. He greets Bernie and says he’d like to apply for the barista position. With a look of disbelieving surprise, Bernie calls for someone in the back, which turns out to be the kitchen. A statuesque Native American man… no, a woman? steps out from behind the door, dusting flour from their hands onto an apron. They ask what Bernie wants.
That doesn’t sound ominous or anything. “Sam, I’m sorry for the shirt, I’ll buy you a new one okay?”
Dean managing to grate out two whole sentences have their discussion grinding to a halt, and Sam turns to see him looking at them with a frown. They both make their cases to him, and await his verdict. Thankfully, Dean goes with Sam’s idea to wait, at least for now. Sam hopes they won’t need to wait long.
Castiel mostly watches Dean’s face as they head for the intersection of Fourth and Sherman, and notices the moment that recognition hits. His eyes grow wide, mouth dropping open for a moment before he smiles. “Dude.” He turns to Castiel. “Really?”
She waves him off. “None of that now. Any friend of Sheriff Mills or those brothers is a friend of mine.” Marlene places a hand on the doorframe. “You ready to go, or plan on sleeping in that uncomfortable chair again?”
“Actually,” Sam finally speaks, eyebrows raised below one of the beanies he regularly wears since his hairline started going. “I have a proposal to make regarding Emma, regarding the other androids who have been going deviant more frequently of late.”
Dean plays the radio on the way back to the cafe, and as they get closer, the impending separation weighs heavier on Castiel, his mood growing somber. The Impala parks behind the cafe, and when Dean shuts off the engine, the interior is stifling in its silence. Castiel reaches for his hand and holds on tight. “I don’t want you to go, Dean.”
What? Why would Dean still be… Castiel swipes a hand over his hair and face, anxiety rising. He needs a shave, his wig is… Jolene tells him she’ll have Dean meet him around back. Castiel is not ready for this, wasn’t expecting it, and sends her a pleading look.
