“Look,” I interrupted, wrapping my arms around my waist and willing him to hear me. “I’m not going to sleep anymore tonight. I’m restless and I need a piss. Can I please get out of this tent and get some fresh air?”
“Oh yeah,” he said, the words rattling out of his mouth like vomit. “I’m awesome. Squidworth and me, we’re having a blast. Ain’t that right, bro?”
What really surprised me was Steve’s answering, gentling rumble. We looked at each other briefly and I felt my lips twist into a smirk when he quickly looked away.
“Sorry,” Steve said sheepishly, hastily drawing back as I attempted to rub away the hurt. “We’ve made camp,” he gestured behind him, looking a little unsure. Maybe it was because I was giving him the stink eye.
Things were pretty tense after that. I might have purposefully made things a little worse by screaming “what’s that?” at a decidedly still, regular looking rock.
“Must feel good to be able to force people to do whatever you want,” I said, refusing to back down when our eyes locked. I used to do the same thing to -- before she -- before I lost
Tony felt like a rabbit cornered by fox, frozen and unable to look away. He found himself nodding woodenly and couldn’t drop his gaze until the Titan turned away.
I returned his look with one of my own and felt pleasantly surprised when he wilted a little under my gaze. It was at that moment, bizarrely, when I realised I probably had more than a decade on the alpha.
That finally woke him up! The larger man grabbed my fist with lightning reflexes before I could take a second swing at him and sat up, dragging me with him.
“It’s not going to be like that,” Bucky said softly, his shoulder hunched up. “No one is going to force you, Tony. We just need you to stay with us. We need people.”
I could feel my heart beating frantically in my chest as my fight or flight instincts kicked in. He was only one guy, I reasoned. Sure, he was bigger than me but he wasn’t
The newcomer wasn’t going to help me. No one in the bar was going to fucking help me. Steve’s grip on my neck slackened, not letting go but no longer squeezing. I sucked in a desperate breath and tried to break free. The man squeezed in warning and then threw me into a booth. I scrambled to escape the other end and the brunet sat down, blocking my exit. I stared at him warily, waiting.
“He lives,” Thanos said without emotion. “A ruler of a nearly extinct race, destitute and broken, but he lives.”
I decided to stare at Bucky. At the very least it might make the other man uncomfortable. Annoyingly it didn’t seem to phase him much and after a while I got bored of that too. I started to tap my fingers against the door, my knee, the window, anything I could reach. After a little while, just when I thought my brain was going to implode, an idea took root. It was a bad idea -- a terrifically stupid one in fact -- but I couldn’t seem to shake it off. The longer I sat there the more the urge to act gnawed at me.
I had maybe one blissful moment of silence before I felt both men’s eyes on me. “We need to talk,” Steve said, his expression harsh.
Another pause and I wondered if I had gone too far.. To my surprise Steve just released a long suffering sigh and concentrated on the road.
“Fuck,” I whispered, falling back on my ass and just staring at the stupid piece of metal standing between me and freedom. “Goddammit,” I screamed, jackrabbiting both feet into the covering with every ounce of strength I possessed. “Let me out. Let me out of this damned fucking shit heap of a -”
We were at a standstill. I thought my heart was going to pop out of my chest and then Steve abruptly pulled off his shirt and proceeded to strip. I realised my eyes were bugging out of my head and quickly dropped my gaze.
Panic flared and I tugged desperately at my belt until it popped free and I was able to scramble to the drivers side of the car. I moved slowly when I stepped outside, feeling my limbs shake and knees threaten to buckle.
“Tony?” A hand waved in front of my face, bringing me back to here and now. I realised how close Bucky was standing and flinched away violently. I was only a little surprised when he immediately backed off. “You OK?”
Trapped in a confined space with a pissed off alpha made me want to curl up in a circle and hide. I leaned away and waited for him to do whatever the hell he was going to do to me as punishment.
“I’m not an omega,” I instantly denied. “Is that why you took me? What are you guys? Are you slavers? Is that why -”
“Where exactly do you imagine you would go?” the Maw asked in a bored, uninterested voice. It seemed to be his default setting around Tony, at least when he didn’t sound like he wanted to throttle him.
“Yeah, except I’m not tired,” I growled, squirming. “Jesus Steve, it’s like a sauna in here. Will you at least give me some space?”
. “OK,” he whispered, trying not to wince when she finally let go. Jesus, she had a hell of a grip on her. He had to wonder -- was every single alien in the universe stronger than the average human? He shot a quick look at the Ebony Maw. The alien was taller, topping six foot, but he was far from ripped. And yet, he could throw Tony around like a goddamn rag-doll. It wasn’t fair. What chance did he have against that kind of strength.
I saluted him when he let go and leaned nonchalantly against the van as I watched them between slitted eyes. I didn’t doubt I wouldn’t get far if I tried to bolt. Alphas could go all sorts of feral when people ran from them. I wouldn’t still be alive if I didn’t know the rules. “If it makes you feel better,” I said, grinning at Bucky with way too many teeth. “It’s mostly just stomach acid. Or, maybe that’s worse...”
She didn’t respond. Tony hugged himself, warring with the need to go to her and not wanting to piss off the Titan. He hesitated before gesturing slowly. “Can I?”
“Wouldn’t that piss daddy off?” Tony asked, grasping the aliens thin wrists and pulling. It affected him about as much as Tony expected it would, which was not at all. “I heard him, before.”
“So, why are you only after omegas?” I asked. I was pretty sure I would be happier not knowing, but I figured knowledge is power.
“You’re an impressive man,” Steve said, stroking along my throat softly as he pulled me a little closer. From someone I knew and trusted I might have considered the gesture soothing. From a blood soaked unfamiliar alpha it was terrifying. “Over the course of a few hours you managed to slip your cuffs, steal our van and leave us stranded. Not bad for a sand rat. I’m impressed.”
“Lucky him,” Tony said brightly, flashing a painfully wide smile. “You want to ease up a little? You’re hurting me.”
“The ship must have a common area,” Tony said, trying to avoid an all-out question as he took another, shuffling step towards the door. The alien turned back to his pad, seemingly incredibly interested in what he was reading and Tony decided, fuck it and strode purposefully to the exit.
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Steve sputtered, his cheeks turning a faint shade of red. “I just want you to understand that we’re not doing any of this to hurt you, Tony. You’re just making it kind of hard-“
“Why are you here, Stark?” Nebula asked, her eyes flicking briefly to Thanos before locking on the engineer. “Did he heal you?”
“Sleep, Stark,” the alien said, his answering smile cruel and mocking as he pressed down briefly on Tony’s eyes, blinding him. “Sleep and heal and in time we shall see what it is our father has planned for you."
“She awaits our fathers pleasure. Given her recent transgressions I don’t imagine he will be lenient,” a short pause. “Does that concern you, Stalk? To know he will hurt her?”
“I gotta say, we’ve never had to do this before,” he noted, grabbing my wrists and tying them together. He tethered them with a short rope, which he tied around his own goddamn wrist/ “I think it goes without saying that I don’t want you to try anything like that again.”
“The Asgaurdian king?” The mad Titan mused, his grip tightening as he pulled Tony impossibly closer. “I know him well. He nearly succeeded where you failed in fact.”
“We did, but she died a while back. Her apprentice was still pretty green and we haven’t been able to find a replacement yet,” he gave Tony a mock-sly look. “You thinking of applying for the job.
“Off,” I gasped, squirming and shoving at the arm wrapped around my chest. “Off, get off!” I didn’t know where I was, who I was with, who was holding me down...
“I guess we are,” Tony said, thinking of the younger man and feeling a shock of regret. He’d barely known him but he mourned his death.
“Indeed I do,” Thanos said, sounding amused as he leaned forward in his great throne. His vivid violet eyes moved languidly over Tony  “Are you well Stark?”
“Can’t pick a lock if you can’t keep your hands still, Stark,” I whispered, breathing slowly and evenly. A few more minutes passed and I felt calm enough to get to work. And really, it was ridiculously easy to get the cuffs off. The locking mechanism made a satisfying clicking noise and I slipped my wrist free.
My ideals frightened my mom. She was so deeply indoctrinated that questioning anything was unthinkable. When I was a little older I began to realise that the sadness that perpetually accompanied her was due to a lifetime of oppression and abuse. Yet despite all of the terrible things she experienced she still expected me to follow in her footsteps. She didn’t want me to question the system. The very idea terrified her.
“Don’t tell me I’ve finally managed to shut you up, Stark?” the alien asked some short time later. The bastard enjoyed torturing him -- though, for the most part, he was careful not to leave any permanent damage. He tutted loudly when Tony didn’t respond. “Have I hurt you, little brother? Have you perchance lost your voice? Oh dear, but what are you without your incessant chatter, human? Do you suppose father will want to keep you when you’re no longer of any use to him?”
“Hey, Steve,” Bucky said, straightening from the fire and stepping hastily towards us. “I’ll get Tony. You finish setting up.”
“You know what, on second thought I should probably be going. People to see, places to go. The whole spiel. See ya -”
Tony realised Nebula had released his mouth but she was still holding him securely around the waist. “You could have done it quickly,” Tony said, his voice weak but brimming with anger. “You didn’t need to torture him. You don’t need to keep torturing your daughter.”
I seriously considered punching the other man in the throat. The only reason i hesitated was because, so far, they hadn’t actually hurt me. It seemed stupid to invite violence to the mix. “That’s me,” I said instead. “Fucking adorable.”
I pressed my face against my shoulder and showed him the side of my neck. It was an instinctive submissive response that I had absolutely no way of controlling. I didn’t want to die. I didn’t want to be ripped apart by an enraged alpha. Maybe if he thought I was some helpless little omega he wouldn’t gut me. “I’m sorry,” I gasped, cringing away when his fingers slid over my nape and squeezed softly.
The alien lifted its head very slightly and it's face twisted into something hard and ugly. “I was told that your greatness cleansed the universe, so that those of us that remain may live a life of order and reason. Is this true?”
I ignored it at first, too tired to get up so early. The knocking continued for a little while and I burrowed further into the little cocoon I’d made from what could only presume was Steve’s jacket.
“Not like I’ve got anywhere else to be,” I said, jumping off the hood of Bucky’s car before I was physically moved. Somehow, walking to my own death felt better than being dragged. “We were just talking about how psyched we are to almost be home.”
At least it helped alleviate the boredom somewhat; not that Tony was desperate to interact with the alien. It seemed hatred was a pretty universal language and the Maw was fluent. “Nowhere special. Thought I might just stretch my legs,” the alien stared wordlessly back at him. “You know...go for a walk?”
“I could, but if Stark survives it will be because he fought to live. I will not abide weakness among my children.”
Tony felt arms wrap around his waist seconds before he was hauled backwards. He panicked and instinctively started to struggle when he looked over his shoulder and realised it was Nebula. And then the alien charged.
Why did these assholes think they had the right to fucking touch me when I was sleeping? I drew my head forward and snapped it violently back. Bucky must have realised what I was going to do because he released a breathless gasp, somehow avoiding a broken nose as he rolled me effortlessly onto my stomach.
stupid. And yeah, It had been a while since I last hot-wired a car, but seriously. Leaving Tony Stark alone with access to an engine. Really fucking stupid.
I looked at the barman, hoping for a little help. Fat fucking chance there. The man was already moving away nervously.
“Hush,” the beta said, pressing her hand against my chest despite the fact I wasn’t struggling. “The alpha out there. Is he yours?” I pressed my lips together and then felt my entire body stiffen in shock as the beta pressed her fingertips against my mating gland. “Huh, I didn’t expect that. Aren’t you quite the find.”
“Yes,” I croaked, genuinely concerned she would accidentally shoot me in the face if she didn’t stop thrashing the gun around.
“Stop,” he tried to scream only to realise Nebula’s hand was placed firmly lover his lips. He couldn’t watch --
There was nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. I was a dead man. I wondered what Pepper would think of me -- the first time I go out on my own and I mess up so badly I get myself kidnapped and ultimately murdered -- I couldn’t help but think I’d failed her.
“Yeah, I can smell it. You’re scared, panicked and anxious,” Steve got a weird look in his eyes as he leaned closer. “But you’re still rational. You’re not so completely, mindlessly out of your mind with terror that you can’t think. You’ve shown me your throat -- what is it -- once? The whole time we’ve been together, after everything that’s happened and you’ve only shown me your throat one time. It’s remarkable.”
She nodded, not pushing even though they both knew he was full of shit. Maybe she did have a little empathy after all.
“Are you actually apologising for not doing a better job of kidnapping me?” I asked incredulously, turning around to face him.
I shrugged. “There doesn’t seem to be much point in lying about it anymore. So, you guys kidnapping everyone you come across, or is it -”
Pretty soon I could feel myself start to drift off again. I didn’t try to fight it and snoozed lightly as the two alphas moved quietly around the room.
I was five when I learned that the reason they didn’t want me around was because I was omegan. At the time, as far as I could tell, the only difference between us was our scents. Why would something so small matter to anyone?
“Secure him,” Steve said, his face impassive as stood up and left the booth, approaching the barman.
I woke up saturated in a vaguely familiar but unwelcome scent. It took maybe two seconds for the panic to kick in.
Tony opened his eyes slowly and immediately fell off the edge of the bed when he realised the Maw was looming over him. It was easily the aliens favourite way to wake Tony up — the bastard clearly enjoyed terrorising him when he was at his most vulnerable and less able to mask his fear.
Tony moved a little closer. He knew better than try to touch her. The woman wouldn’t welcome it, but he hoped his presence might make things a little easier.
I managed to hold onto the gun. Part of me was frankly amazed it hadn’t gone off. Fuck, what had I been thinking? Impulses got people killed. I knew better. I should have waited for a better opportunity.
Stark grimaced in response, releasing a soft inarticulate whimper as he attempted to shy away from the pain. His thick, curling eyelashes fluttered gently as he began to regain consciousness.
“He’ll return,” she spat, pulling him to his feet with disturbing ease. “We’re a loose end. We pose a risk to him.”
“Yeah, for food,” I said immediately, aware I sounded a little desperate but unable to tamper down the need to get the food and get the hell out of dodge. “Canned goods, preferably.”
He instinctively looked for Nebula and found her in the same spot beside the throne, her body prone and unmoving. He couldn’t tell if she was hurt but he didn’t hold much hope that she was being treated well. True, he hadn’t been hurt yet -- not really anyway -- but harming Nebula seemed to be fair game. Her father had literally tortured her since she was a little girl. Was he still abusing her, was he punished her for her part in the rebellion?
“Because the helpless little omega is incapable of taking care of himself, right?” I snorted, feeling a sudden and overwhelming sense of frustrating. I wanted to lash out. To hurt them until they felt as helpless as I did.
I broke off, sputtering as the man grabbed my throat and dragged me to the back of the room. My fucking toes were dangling above the goddamn floor.
He wisely backed off. “Once we’ve finished packing up we’re going to head out,” he said, holding his hand out with a quirked eyebrow. He seemed a little surprised when I let him help me to my feet. “We should be back at the base by tomorrow evening.”
,” I hissed, struggling harder. It was true too. I felt like his weight was pressing down on my lungs. I couldn’t seem to get enough air.
“There wasn’t a third,” Steve rasped, sounding absolutely wrecked. What were they doing to him? Why was he lying for me? “It’ just-just us.”
“You don’t need to do that,” Steve said distastefully, pulling back his hand. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
I was convinced I was about to have an aneurysm. “Tell me to go to sleep one more time and I’m going to track down my old knives and, I swear this to you, I will stab you in the face. Just try me.”
“Maybe this is just how I smell,” I said, shrugging. They could complain all they liked but I wasn’t about to get any more relaxed. “If you don’t like it I don’t have a problem getting out of your hair.”
“Bucky, what are you doing?” Steve asked, his tone disapproving despite the fact he wasn’t doing anything to get him off me.
“And were they evil and deserving of death?” the alien asked, rising from his lumbering half bow. “These people that you destroyed?”
“Get your goddamn hands off me,” I snarled, kicking out when he opened the cardoor and pushed me inside.
Bucky didn’t just lean into my space. He actually pressed his face into the junction between my shoulder and neck and inhaled. I had this sudden, terrifying feeling that he was going to tear my throat out with his teeth.
It felt like I had a stone lodged in my throat. I nodded once but instead of obeying I scrambled back. My instincts were screaming at me that I needed to escape the big scary predators before they murdered me.
Steve cocked his head to the side and studied me with unnerving intensity. His nostrils flared, blatantly inhaling my scent. In the good old days that sort of behaviour would have been considered hella rude. He looked like he was thinking very carefully about his response. “You’re scared,” he finally noted, frowning softly.
I jolted up and screamed when I saw Bucky. I wasn’t proud but holy fucking jesus chirst, he was outside the car.
Steve was quiet for a long moment. “Look, I get it. You’re scared, and you every right to be. Bucky and me, well...we’ve never met an omega like you before and I guess we sort of underestimated how independent you are. The truth is that you outsmarted is on more than one occasion and we weren’t ready for that.”
“But you’ve been restless all day. Really, brother, it would be my pleasure to take you out for a short walk. Our father is resting, or so I hear; perhaps we might visit him.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty good with engines,” which was the understatement of the century. “You guys got electricity where we’re going?”
“He is mortal,” the Ebony Maw hissed, pressing his hand over Starks eyes when they began to flicker open. The soft whimpers turned into sharper, fearful gasps of panic and fear. Stark lifted his hands and weakly attempted to remove the telepaths grip.
I looked at him expectedly and Steve just stared back.  “Okay, I’ll bite. How exactly is he up and moving?”
A few seconds passed before Tony realised he wasn’t running away screaming. Maybe Pepper was right and really didn’t have any survival instincts. “
Tony recognised the throne room as they approached and tried to dig his heels in one last time. He was predictably yanked off his feet, his knees dragging across the ground as he struggled to find his feet.
Steve sat down and I found myself sandwiched between the two men. The two very large, very healthy looking men.
I curled further into myself and wondered if there was any chance, at all, that they’d just kill one another. Steve was some sort of super badass -- maybe they’d all go to town and I could just waltz out, grab a car and run for the hills. Crazier things had happened.
Of course. She was the reason they failed. Quill, overcome with grief, had lashed out and lost them all their one advantage.
“Fine,” the other man said, bending down until our faces were level. His eyes really were extraordinarily blue, I thought as I struggled to meet his gaze. “But if you try to run I will catch you. Know that.”
“Thanks for noticing,” Bucky said brightly, placing a bowl of brown gruel in my lap. “Hope you guys are hungry?”
Was he kidding! Run where? They were in the middle of the fucking desert. There was nowhere to go and I doubted one gun was going to do me much good against a pack of outlanders.
I tried to open my door but it was wedged shut. I turned blearily to the hood and realised the engine was in flames.
“Thanos isn’t coming back,” Tony said, aware how dull and listless he sounded. His mind felt foggy. Shock. He was in shock. “Why would he? He’s already won.”
The withering look Steve gave me would have felled a lesser man. I met his gaze with wide and innocent eyes.
The odd thing was that Steve wasn’t looking at me or Bucky. He was staring up the road. I followed the line of his gaze and felt my stomach clench.
, I thought a little hysterically. I realised there were tears in my eyes and my breathing was too quick. Now was not the time to have a panic attack. I pushed through the emotions threatening to smother me and concentrated on moving my limbs. I was intact but sore. I figured once the adrenaline wore off I’d be in a much worse state.
“Stark's mind is unlike any I’ve ever encountered,” Thanos said, intrigued by the way the terran sucked in a deep, fearful breath before going limp. Other than the faint trembling of his broken body he remained still and silent. It was an act of appeasement -- of showing a more powerful adversary that he posed no threat. Thanos wasn’t fooled. Given the opportunity the little terran would destroy them all. “Such a mind would be a worthy addition to our family.”
“I kind of guessed,” Tony answered, shuddering when those long fingers slid slowly through his hair and curled loosely against his skull.
Tony recognised a trap when he could see one. He shook his head, very sure he didn’t want to leave the room. “I’m fine.”
When he opened his eyes he flinched so violently he thought his bones were going to crack. The creature, the one that kidnapped strange,
The day passed slowly after that. At first Tony was mesmerised by the variety of different aliens that entered the hall. They were every shade and size imaginable, with features that ranged from feline to insect-like. They all spoke the same language and clearly whatever had been done to him when he was out allowed him to understand what was being said. None of them paid him or Nebula any mind, other than the occasional curious glance. They all came either begging or pledging their allegiance. It was clear that each and every one of them feared the Titan.
Steve grunted unhappily but finally seemed to get the message. He lifted himself up enough to let me squirm out from underneath him but didn’t let me get very far before wrapping an arm around my waist and pulling me into his side. The shithead was trying to make me the small fucking spoon! “Sleep. We’ve got a long day ahead of us.”
My stomach grumbled and cramped, reminding me that I hadn’t eaten anything for almost three days. I didn’t have a choice. If I wanted to survive I needed to interact with people. I needed to trade.
“Where’s Nebula?” Tony asked, ignoring the erratic beating of his heart. He wondered somewhat absently if he was about to have a heart attack. He tensed when the alien grabbed his shoulder and turned him back onto his back. The grip on his skull moved slowly down and curled around his chin, forcing his head back and exposing his throat.
”No arguments from me,” Bucky said, yawning widely as he sat down on the mattress, sufficiently jostling me enough that I growled groggily.
I must have dozed off because next thing I knew Steve was all up in my business, shaking me awake by my shoulder. His face, still covered in dark red blood, made the whites of his eyes look almost demonic. I had a moment of abject panic, flinching back so violently that I cracked my head against the window. “Shit --
Tony flinched back when, with a flick of his hand, Thanos caused bands of silver thread to pierce Nebula’s lips and force her mouth closed. She screamed as it happened, the noise terrible and muffled as she collapsed onto her back, clawing at her face. Dark blue blood oozed sluggishly through her lips. Tony stared at her, transfixed and horrified.
“Your newest child begged a walk, my lord,” the Maw purred over the top of Tony’s head, his long spindly fingers enveloping the engineers upper arms. “I thought you might appreciate the temporary distraction.”
“So I’ve heard,” Tony said, which was the understatement of the century. His eyes were inevitably drawn to Nebula, taking in her crumpled, unmoving form. “So you’re what, torturing her?”
“Why do you wear the covering?” the dark haired one asked, trailing his fingers against the scarf like he had every right. I turned to snap at him when I realised the man had a metal arm. And it looked fully functional. It was actually kinda beautiful.
“I hate it,” Steve rasped, reaching out to touch me but seemingly thinking better of it when I glared at him. “Some of them can’t be helped. No matter what we try to do for them, they’re broken beyond repair. Some of them can be brought back to some semblance of normality, but they’re almost always terrified of alphas.”
“Of course they are,” I said, showing him my throat as I purposefully didn’t look at him. Oh yeah, old Buck was crushing hard. “You’re not taking me back there out of the goodness of your hearts.”
Steve gave him a hard, long look. “Nothing I say is going to convince you that you’re safe with us, is it?”
“My children,” he said, leaning back on his throne as his gaze moved to the Maw. “To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“Some were, I imagine. Others were simply casualties of a much larger cause. Tell me, friend, did you lose someone close to you?”
,” Steve said, arms outstretched in appeasement. “Whatever you think we’re going to do to you, we won’t. Bucky just thought you might be more comfortable -“
About an hour later I started messing with the glove compartment and felt my heart burst when I realised it was chock-full of water and protein snacks. I pulled down the scarf covering the lower half of my face and didn’t waste any time helping myself. I was still starving and I figured they owed me. Fuck knew where my knives had gone. Not that they were really any good to begin with, but they were all I had.
He couldn’t hear the sudden silence past the blood rushing in his ears. It wasn’t until he sensed a shadow pass over him that he blinked open his eyes. The Titan loomed over them, looking at them with mild curiosity.
“I was just trying to...” Bucky trailed off, his grip around my neck loosening. “Damn, sorry Tony. I was still half asleep. You took me by surprise.” Bucky moved back, finally letting me go. “I wasn’t going to hurt you.”
“No?” I asked, cocking an eyebrow. “Because telling me how special I am because I’m not a blithering idiot isn’t exactly a compliment. Omegas aren’t morons, Steve and I’m not special for being able to string a sentence together.”
Tony swallowed, fighting the urge to thrash in a desperate attempt to escape. The last time he was close to the Titan, the alien stabbed him. It was not a pleasant memory. “Is he alive?”
“What can I get ya?” the barman asked, his single eye roaming speculatively over my face and slowly down my body. The guy had a ragged scar covering the left side of his face and virtually no hair on his pus covered scalp. Part of me wondered if he was diseased and if I’d be better off going elsewhere.
“Calm down,” a sleepy voice urged as the arm around my chest shifted and a big hand ran soothing circles over my hip. “It’s just me. It’s Bucky.”
. I grabbed his wrist with both hands and used the momentum to kick the asshole as hard as I could in the shin.
I bolted but I didn’t even make it out of the van before Bucky’s metal arm wrapped around my waist and pulled me clear off my feet. I was hoisted up against the other man's broad chest and carried one armed out of the van and pushed into the front seat. He climbed in after me and suddenly I was wedged between the two of them.
Steve huffed out a breath. It might have been a laugh, or possibly and much more likely, a coping mechanism to refrain from strangling me. “Are you going to behave or do I need to tie you up?”
The Terran didn’t say anything for a long moment. He looked very small, stood between the Ebony Mar and Proxima Midnight. Eventually he ran a hand through his dark curling hair and shrugged. “Yeah,” he muttered without looking up, his tone sullen and disrespectful. “I feel swell.”
The Titan released a deep, thoughtful hum that made the hairs on Tony’s arm stand on edge. The air suddenly felt charged and tense. “How might i serve you, my friend?”
Honestly, he didn’t know what he could possibly do but he needed to try. No one deserves to be tortured.
“Our father awaits your pleasure, Terran,” the alien drawled, smiling slowly as Tony stared up at him, his breath ragged and frantic. “Can you walk, or do I need to call for a guard to assist you?”
He sighed softly, because the poor boy was clearly stressed, and made his way to my side of the van. After a few seconds, when it was clear I wasn’t going to step out on my own, he opened the door and looked at me expectantly. “Tony,” he said softly. “Please get out of the van.”
“Seatbelt,” Bucky said brightly, strapping himself in. He sounded pretty damn chipper considering he’d looked like the living dead a couple of days ago.
I looked over his shoulder and saw Bucky tending to a small fire. There was a tent behind him that didn’t look nearly big enough to hold all three of us and further back I could make out a small oasis. I hesitated and Steve clearly noticed. “You coming?”
“Got it,” I said, unresisting as I was dragged forward. Steve’s grip was firm, yet despite the anger I could sense from him he wasn’t unnecessarily rough.
Bucky took the choice out of my hands, grabbing me by the waist and lifting me into the driving seat like I weighed nothing at all. “Stay,” he said, his scent urgent and commanding. He slammed the door behind him and quickly disappeared from view.
I’m closer than you think, I thought a little hysterically as half a dozen pairs of feet rush past my hiding place. I help my breath, sure they were going to hear my panicked breathing.
The corridors were covered in metal piping and wires. Tony’s fingers itched to get closer to them but he resisted the urge and kept his head down. They passed a number of people, some chitauri and other aliens Tony didn’t recognise. All of them bowed as the Maw passed, seemingly keen to avoid notice.
“Kinky,” I said, attempting to pull my arm free. Unsurprisingly it didn’t work. The guy was insanely strong, even for an alpha. “OK, Jesus. You don’t need to tie me up.”
I wanted to move. I wanted to get up and put some much needed space between me and them, but I just knew the moment I looked up I would see the small space I was trapped in and I would have a full out panic attack. I felt frozen, despite the fact my body was shaking hard enough to make my teeth rattle.
The alphas certainly seemed happy with the status quo -- even the little ones walked around with an unearned air of superiority and self-importance. As we grew older the alphas became louder and more headstrong. The few omegas living on our estate became withdrawn and timid. Some of them even started to wear the old fashioned veils my grandmother used to wear. Apparently they were coming back into fashion, my mom told me one evening when she passed me a prettily wrapped package.
“If we left you now you’d be dead in a week,” Steve said, pulling out a small pocket knife and jimmying open a can of soup. “I know you don’t believe us yet, but we’re doing this for your own good.”
I could feel that familiar shocking ache in my chest. The pain that never seemed to go away no matter how much I told myself I was getting better.
Steve seemed to come back to himself with a start. He had the decency to look a little embarrassed. “I’m sorry! I don’t mean to stare. It’s just that...I’ve never met anyone like you before.”
A few hours later I was starting to get really tired. I didn’t know where I was headed or how long it would take to reach another town. I figured I should probably sleep but I hated the idea of being out in the open. Sure, I hadn’t seen another car for hours but that didn’t mean someone else wouldn't stumble across me later in the night.
“Test me again, daughter and I promise you that you’ll regret it,” the Titan said mildly as he looked down at his prisoners. “Do not interrupt me again.”
Tony indulged himself and flipped the asshole the bird behind his back. It was petty as hell but it made him feel better. It was the little things.
“You’re not…” Steve ran his fingers through his hair, struggling for the right words. “Normally, when we find an omega on the road, they're so broken down and, well, wrecked that they’re too terrified to even speak to us. I mean, you’re dirty and a little on the thin side, but you’re -- you’re not…
“Steve,” I hissed, attempting to wriggle free. I wasn’t really surprised when he didn’t budge. He was a hell of a lot bigger than me, taller and heavier, and it wasn’t as if I’d been getting a regular amount to eat recently. “I can’t -- get off me.”
“Place is called Latern Valley,” the alpha said, gesturing to a brightly lit building in the middle of a small, quiet town. “We’ll rest up here tonight and arrive home mid morning tomorrow.”
It was during those moments that the grief would hit, pummelling the sweet memories into pain and longing. My breath would catch and my eyes would mist up, and --
Bucky reappeared then, balancing three bowls in one hand and a jug of water in the other. He smiled sheepishly at Tony, his skin littered with scabs that looked weeks, not days, old.
He didn’t raise his voice or even sound angry, but something in his tone caused Tony to instinctively draw further into himself. “Nebula,” he said softly, brushing his fingers over her wrist and resisting the urge to shake her. No one had ever accused him of having a very good sense of self preservation but even he realised the stupidity of pissing off the Titan when they were hurt and helpless. “Don’t -”
I felt wiry arms wrap around my waist, dragging me to my feet and pulling me back into the van. I started to panic when I was forced onto my back. All the beta had to do was snarl in my face and I went limp.
?” I asked, aware I sounded a little bitchy but feeling pretty justified. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Tony felt wired. He’d been forced into stillness for so long that he was seriously starting to worry he might implode. He stood up abruptly, barely managing to move two feet before he felt an intrusive brush of magic against his cheek. He instinctively flinched back, wary of moving when he knew he was being observed.
“I’m not sure,” the larger man said, opening his door and stepping outside. He looked at me expectantly but I refused to budge. “It’s getting late though. The sun’s going to set in a few hours. I thought maybe we could take a dip before then. Clean up maybe.”
“Don’t like to scare the locals,” I answered, tearing my gaze from the man's arm and meeting his eyes with a raised eyebrow. “Seriously, there is some gruesome shit going on under here. It might even be contagious…”
“Rude,” I said, tapping my fingers against the glass in a rapid pattern. I felt eyes on me and stopped mid-tap. “It’s Tony.”
Jesus, what did he think I was going to do? Then again, I guess I had nearly killed them both...twice.
“Sure thing, big boy,” I muttered, debating if I could throw myself out of the car whilst we were moving. I wasn’t entirely sure what good that would do me, but it was an option.
“Yeah,” Bucky said with a tired sigh. He looked over at me, his gaze accessing. “What about you, are you OK?
Tony ignored her and forced a grin as Nebula turned to look at him. He got down on his stomach, pressing closer so she could hear his whisper. “As if there was ever any doubt.”
His teeth were straight and perfectly white. I couldn’t help but fantasise about knocking them out one at a time. “It must be embarrassing, being hit by an omega.”
“Well, don’t you look chipper?” I said brightly, internally cataloguing each wound and trying not to goggle at the fact that he was actually OK. What the hell was going on?
He felt long fingers curl in his hair seconds before he was dragged to his feet. The Maw transferred his grip to Tony’s upper arm and squeezed painfully. “Do you still wish to go for a walk, little brother?”
Damnes dropped before the sound of the gunshot registered. I fell to my knees next to his dead body, unable to tear my eyes away from the hole in the middle of his forehead. I hadn’t had cause to see too many dead people before. I couldn’t honestly say I liked it.
I bit down my initial response, which was to mock and pretty much tear him apart. I was still angry and he was still holding onto me. I wanted him to let me go and nothing I had tried so far was making him back off. I wasn’t an idiot -- I knew when it was time to change tactics. “I want you to let go of me,” I said, taking a deep breath and instantly regretting it when I realised that the tent, beneath Steve’s strong alpha scent, absolutely reeked of my distress.
Thanos thought, sparing one last look at the terran before returning to his throne room. He had plans to put in place.
“I am calm,” I said, gesturing to myself. “Look at me. I’m quiet, still. I’m not crying or screaming. What more do you want from me?”
. “Please,” he gasped, lashing out and catching what felt like an arm, above him, pinning him down. He tugged desperately. “Let go.”
“What does he want?” Tony asked, fighting to control his panic as he sat up and rubbed soothing circles over the patch of scarring on his chest. It was an annoying and subconscious gesture he’d picked up after removing the arc reactor. He was aware it made him look vulnerable and when he realised what he was doing he quickly dropped his hand.
“I want to leave,” I said, proud that my voice remained even despite how terrified I felt. “I’m not what you think I am. I’m not worth anything to anyone and I want to go home.”
“Seems that way,” Tony whispered back, trying to find a comfortable spot on the cold mesh flooring. The room was uncomfortably cool and the metal was sapping away what little body heat he had left. The ridiculously thin, cotton-like shift and trousers they’d forced him to wear weren’t helping much. In fact, he didn’t think he’d felt comfortably warm since waking up. “Apparently daddykins wants to adopt lucky little ol’ me...and he’s not taking no for an answer.”
. Do you guys intend to make me the filling in your alpha sandwich again? Because I’ve gotta tell you, that kinda puts a guy on edge.”
“Do you think it was painful?” he asked, the words escaping without his consent. Once they were out though there was no taking them back. “Do you think they suffered?”
Tony almost jumped out of his skin when he felt a huge hand envelope the back of his skull. He was pulled forward, his face tilted upwards until he was staring directly into the mad Titan’s eyes.
"Awesome. So what’s the plan here, boys?” I asked, curling into myself to avoid touching either of them in the confined space. “Where exactly are you taking me?
I had about three seconds to panic before a granite-like hold clamped onto my ankle and I was being dragged out from underneath the truck. A dirty, bearded alpha loomed over me, his craggy face morphing into a grin as I stared, frozen, back at him.
And yet, once he finished, Steve looked to him with pain and sorrow. God, how he hated that look. He hated to be pitied.
Tony patted Steve on his shoulder and the two went in his car, off to look for the house that Steve could finally feel settled in.
Despite this, his memory of their situation kept coming back into his mind. He tried to throw it out, but it was like a virus. Infecting his mind, with a vengeance.
'Come on, Girl! Get it together! You'll be there, on-time, and in-person. Your... just... worrying yourself...'.
Wanda slightly cringed at the thought of him disagreeing. But it fell immediately, as, at this point, she honestly could’ve cared less. He put them in this situation. If they wanted to leave, and be happy somewhere else, they had every right to do so.
"I'm... leaving. Hopefully for a shorter amount of time." He said hoping that the joke, he added, would lift some of the tension. It didn't.
"And honestly, If anyone was to have sex with my husband, I'd at least want it to be someone that I could trust." She added.
The blonde took a deep breath and looked at the creature before him. A flood of confidence and strength overtaking his body. He showed no fear.
But now, something seemed off about the place. Or rather that something was missing. The house hadn't changed much, nor did Tony's demeanor. So what could be the difference? Honestly, Steve couldn't tell you now, even if he had a suspicion.
Their simple, comforting, embrace from before suddenly became an electrifying act of desire and lust. Steve could no longer ignore the passion he feels for Tony. Even if it wasn't love, it was their way of comfort. And at least this time, they weren't wincing in pain.
Once the table disappeared and the flooring moved back into place. The party guests moved to find a spot on the newly put dance floor. Tony hurriedly grabbed Steve and ushered themselves to the middle.
"Please, for the love of god, say something so I know your not mentally wanting to kill me!" Tony persisted.
Tony felt himself breathing again, and he finally through out a smile. Natasha loves to mess with him, but she noticed that this wasn't a simple screw up. Nope, this was a royal fuck up.
"Well, I thought... Since we don't know much about each other. I guess the first thing to know about me, is where I grew up.".
He can see now why Tony had bought this place. Especially after they had lost to Thanos that first time. This place was the best place to get away from the harsh life of the city.
The philanthropist wanted to leave the room, almost like crept. A tomb to leave behind any leftover, residual, memory of what happened. And to leave behind him any evidence of the trio’s location.
A few minutes passed, the feeling, annoyingly, itching at him ever so quickly, so the soldier began to feel a little nosy. He supposed he could pass the time by looking around the property, thinking that Tony is probably running late.
Breathing softly, they just wanted to see each other before the inevitable would be complete. Seeing each other naked is one thing, but going through with something sensitive and vulnerable as sex, is another.
It was dark, once they drove up to the abandoned warehouse. This apparently to Stark, 'warehouse' to him, is a giant-ass factory to them.
The super-soldier softly got off the sofa and headed to the shower. Stripping quickly, as if his clothes were covered in spiders. Steve jumped in, the hot water soothing the cramped muscles of his back and neck.
"Yeah, I'm here. I just didn't think you'd actually call me?" The super-soldier could hear the sarcasm in Tony's voice.
Steve just smirked, as he loved Tony’s dazed responses. He proceeded to unbuckle his belt, while Tony proceeded to climb onto him, pecking some more sloppy kisses, before helping to throw his shirt off.
Steve sat the phone on the receiver, and after some more inner thinking, finally looked to his friend.
This would've caught Steve off guard, until he noticed Bruce, Hill, and of course Tony and Pepper right behind him with comforting smiles. Thor was asked by Natasha to go, but he decided to stay with Fury, as he wanted to try 'stalling' for once.
He nodded at his companion. His wings making a soft 'thwypt' sound when deployed. Steve and Natasha grimacing at the sound echoing through the room.
Before he could dwell too deeply on these thoughts of self- disgust. The day that Steve finally saw a light at the end of the tunnel. Clint had seemed a bit more eager to him when he spoke to the archer that morning.
Peggy was his first love. Someone who he cared about a lot. He could go back to her now. They had the technology to do it. His home with Tony, was gone. Maybe, he could find another with Peggy.
Something about seeing the brunet all domestic, and away from the stressful life of the Avengers, just made Steve realize how much he cared for Tony. How much he wanted to have Tony back in his life.
'They're gone.' Steve let a tear go, but didn’t want any others to follow. He already grieved, mostly at the battlefield. It was time to be strong now, if not for himself but for the others.
By the time he got downstairs to greet everyone, his entire confidence disintegrated once he saw Tony's face. It was immediately sour at the sight of Steve. Something was wrong.
So she made do with the time she had. Mostly talking with Maria, and Fury about the devastation. But once the Avengers finally boarded, she went to look for Tony. But he fell out of her line of sight, as the other agents swarmed the team, congratulating them. Letting a few hours pass, she had finally surfaced from her stateroom, and was off to have some time with him.
He fumbled through his pocket and pulled out a set of keys. His hands shaking a little as he picked the main house key and unlocked the main door. Steve saw this and found it peculiar, but brushed it off to the freezing winds that were picking up as the day went.
Steve's smile that followed wasn't his typical warm one. It was actually appreciative, and Tony swears that he could see the soldier's slightly blush.
She took a second step, and he growled like a wolf. His fists began to ball up, and his expression was anything but calming. Another step, she raised her voice, and her hand was centimeters from his fists. 'Just a bit closer...' she thought. A final step, towards him made time stand still. Her fingers now sat on his fist. She gave a relief-filled smile, whilst finally ending her tune.
The soldier let a chuckle loose, but instantly regretted it. The oysters really did fight back, and this was delivered food. Again, Steve found it odd that simple seafood made him sick. Maybe it wasn't prepared right? Or the restaurant staff knew who he was, and thought poisoning him would be better than a conversation.
Pepper still in her thoughts, did not hear her husband's shouts at her until the like 4th or 5th call.
Proceeding to move his hands back up the soldier's spine, Tony eventually nodded again. Signaling to Steve, that it was okay to pick up some pace. Tony's soft breaths now grew a bit louder, while also slopping some more kisses onto the super-soldier's lips.
Kate wore a simple, red, night way cold-shoulder keyhole gown. With a feathered veil to boost the look a little. Her hair is done in a low bun style.
"You know what I mean." Steve said amused, "We literally argued like cats and dogs earlier. I mean, I pretty much called you an arrogant coward. And all of a sudden we're rubbing each other's back as if we friends for years.".
The other was to stay out of sight. "Keep your profile low. Cover your faces, wear hooded jackets, cover any revealing features." Steve addressed this to them just a month ago. And since then, they've taken their regulations and stayed close by.
Steve's pace now intensified. With the brunette now in such a dazed feeling, he didn't know what to do anymore. The blonde was using two methods of pleasure... for Tony... and only Tony.
It actually made Happy shiver a bit. That is until Steve broke character into a cheerful smile. Relieving the fake tension between the two.
Even after 6 years, that comforting embrace remained in Tony subconscious. And with it, the feelings associated with it were also brought back to life.
It did. And Steve still feels embarrassed about it. And why not bring it up to the man himself, so that he can use it as a funny story to tell the rest of his friends.
If these looks could tell a story, it would be a bestselling novel at that. And yet, their momentary stares toward each other, seemed to never bother the two men. But the silence, we’ll that’s a different story. Tony was the first to speak up, in order to break up the awkward moment.
Steve felt his smile crash off his face, before continuing into the conversation. "I just wanted you to know Pepper. That, what we did... is ONLY going to be a one-time thing. I promise you. I only wanted to, so that it could, in some way, help Tony." He assured her.
They were a mischievous bunch of kids, especially Ziggy and Tina. But the soldier wouldn't trade them for anything. They may not have been his kids directly, but he treated them as such.
Once outside, she let her feet guide her to wherever they wanted to go. And apparently, it was only a few feet away from the house.
The coffee had been pretty much the same caramel latte, she's had for the last few years. A reminder of Thanos's snap. And even when she would head out to the store, sometimes being the only customer there. The store would only have the same brand of coffee on stock. Retail only selling the same stock, for economic reasons. Another reminder of his Snap. In which, to her dismay. It was the one day, that she truly felt helpless to the upcoming event.
"Okay… fine. But, hurry up! The boys have already helped me with the barn. And you girls said that you'd at least help with the outside decor. Since I'm too old-fashioned." Steve rolled his eyes.
"Oh yea, I am. I'm so happy, that I have the people who killed my daughter in the back seat of my car." He croaked on that last piece of information.
Pepper, who was currently sitting on a nearby porch swing, also stared out to the body of water. It now holding her husband’s heart. Morgan sat next to her, nibbling on a cheeseburger that Happy bought her.
Steve finally took a breath and looked to the philanthropist below him. Staring into those eyes that were reflective of his. They knew what they wanted to do. Steve knew what he wanted to do.
“I mean, I feel fine now. So it mustn’t have done too much damage.” Tony cracked a smile. Hoping to lighten the mood.
His hair was his natural 'slick to the side' look, and he was wearing a Stark watch on his left wrist. That should've been the hint, to everyone, that Tony most likely helped him. Finally, his scruffy chin and jaw, showed he hadn't time to shave. It didn't matter though, as he still looked dashing, to say the least.
"Steve, do you mind to head inside and grab some napkins. It seems someone had forgotten the etiquette of eating when company's around." Pepper asked.
But it didn't matter to him. Even if the philanthropist was arrogant at points, he shared a laugh with him every once in a while. And Tony trusted a lot of things with Vision.
"I'm okay, Ms. Potts, really. I just wanted to get up and walk around for a bit. The dream was just that, a dream." He stated softly.
The brunette swung their bathroom door, which led into the main foyer of the second floor. He spit the toothpaste out just in time to see their kids swing by the main banister, and rush down the main staircase leading to the first floor.
"Well being a nurse, and being a soldier are two very different things. If they turn you down. Don't give up, keep at it. Keep at them, till smoke bellows out there ears.".
There, He could see what looked like a person, standing idly in the kitchen. It was a guy. But, wait how? Most of the men had already left.
“He went out to his little group thing earlier. But He should’ve been back an hour ago. So I don’t really know.”.
“I don’t know. But staying here ain’t an option.” The super-soldier addressed before he, and Sam, headed back outside.
He looked to his hair. It was still brown, with strands of gray. All in all, even with a 4 year age difference, Tony still looked like Tony. The soldier was going to look further down, to see what else had changed about him. But that’s why he wasn’t here, specifically.
The driver took the fourth dollars and gave them to Maria. "Alrighty now, y'all can get out of my cab now. Just don’t do anything stupid, 'Cause I ain't coming back for your sorry asses." He asserted amusingly.
On the other hand, he’s glad they didn’t. ‘Cause now he has a beautiful little girl from them staying together. And currently, that little girl was calling to him.
Hulk's eyes however, suddenly bulged. He swung his hand away, while the other slammed against her side. She flew into the air, eventually landing into a nearby locker room. Knocking all the breath out of her, she laid with her vision becoming blurry. Hulk eventually calmed himself, albeit 30 minutes later. While Nat laid unconscious, and still. Although breathing softly, she looked incredibly rough. Bruce would rush over to her, feeling for a pulse; there was one. He sighed in relief, yet felt utterly confused as to why it failed. It was their first time trying the hand on the fist; so that must've been it. Once he evaluated his situation, his gaze came back to her.
He did, he really wanted to open it up, and see the name, Steve Rogers, with that number below it. But to hear his voice again, would only bring back pain. And to Tony, it still felt too early.
And as she watched him, when he would make a mess; he would instantly clean it up. And if the flour box was facing up, he would face it up. Not caring that he would have to continually do it.
Natasha really was in a shithole right now. But she had someone she could ask. She could ask, and if he declined, then... that's that! So instead of asking for help from anyone she didn't know personally. She was, gently, going to suggest to Tony, over the phone, for his guidance. Not immediately though.
“Oh Jesus, we’re going have to race back, if we want to get there!” Steve exclaimed, ignoring Natasha’s call.
He angrily begged Steve to either hide, find someone else to do his 'dirty work', or forget the macabre events that unfolded before them that day.
I mostly created this chapter, for their relationship. And plus, we didn’t get to see much of it in Endgame.
"Of course she did..." Tony huffed, "Sometimes I wonder about that woman-Wait? What about the restaurant?!".
Tony jumped in front of him to save his life. The 'why' could've been something simple as 'that's what friends are for'. But it wasn't that simple. It never was with Tony Stark at the helm.
The guys would make it to the reunion, with Natasha, Clint, and Maria arriving afterward. They would scold the two men on how to pick up a phone. Having a few laughters following that.
Tony finally made it outside to his car, and headed out to a lake, a few yards from the Avengers Compound. He felt hesitant at first, but cursed in aggravation, and eventually got out of his car, to the edge of the road. Looking out to the water, he stood in amazement at the sight of it.
Finally, he could see it. Tony, The Tony Stark, losing any reality at that moment but Steve. His smile, so bright, so full of love. It made the super-soldier send tears down his face. Tony's soft giggle after Past-Steve pecked his eye on accident, made the soldier look away. But just for a second. It was becoming too much.
"Really?! I mean... like what happened-" Peter looked to his mentor's face, and instantly cut himself off.
Steve took a sip of his whiskey. With Tony following, but with bigger gulps. “I’m sorry... again.” Tony apologized.
"That's the thing. Nothings changed between us. But after those 5 years... without him. I lost myself. I-I couldn't function properly. Hell, everywhere I went Nat, I just saw him."
"God, what am I going to do? He's obviously going to say 'No'. I'm seriously screwed!" He griped through his teeth.
Tony looked to the blonde, confused and sore from the whiplash he just suffered through. He held his chest in a shocked manner, trying to catch his breath in the process.
The philanthropist eventually was given a new feeling. And it was glorious! By the end of it all, they could only be described as sweaty messes of magnetically ardent.
"Yes, the kiss was for him. But it was also for me too." Tony explained, "I can't put it into words, Natasha. I mean, cliche as it sounds, but I see something different about Steve."
After a few seconds of silence, Steve regained himself and uttered, “I’m sorry about that. That was inappropriate. I’m sorry for dumping out my issues like that.”.
"I've tried to call you guys for weeks now! What's going on over there? Are you guys alright?" Tony groaned.
Steve would not get to hear of Bruce's decision. As something else was on his mind, today. Something that had been bugging him since before Thanos. Before, the issue with Hydra in Scotland.
"To be frank, I don't know how to answer your question, Tony. Is this a definite question, to have an answer for? Or one just to prove what you already know." The soldier described.
Steve went down a second hallway, and Sam went to the right into another room. The two remaining hydra agents dumbly followed the separated men.
"Alright, I'm calling it quits. Come on, we can put our clothes back on and -" He relented before Tony cut him off.
However, this nightmare was different from the usual one he has of the ice. Nope, no freezing ice for him to scream and claw his way out of. This dream was of him and a man sitting at a table. Everything around the two being nothing but a black void, with only a singular light source above them. The man sitting across from him wore 1930s clothing, dirty and tattered at best. Yet, this man seemed vaguely familiar to Steve. Unfortunately, he was slumped over so the soldier couldn't see the person's face.
"And I have a brain, and Bruce needs some courage. What else is new?" Steve's quip made Tony almost laugh out loud. But it stalled to a chuckle.
"Know it all too well, Cap. You don't gotta explain yourself to me." Tony turned to him catching the soldier's eyes.
"Nothing. You can do nothing. You guys have caused enough damage." Wright angrily said, before him and the other officer left.
"Did you know that my sister was one of those who disappeared? She just vanished, into a thousand pieces." Ziggy cut in once more, "She was...
Steve nodded softly to the two of them. He then excused himself and off he went to his room. Thor and Bruce would follow him. Everyone could see that Cap was taking this harshly. But it confused Tony. He must've seen many people die during his time in the war. So what was different about today?
The two just laughed at Tony's quip, until their giggles faded. Steve admiring the sight of his friend, as did the other.
Later that morning, Tony did arrive around 11. With Sam & Bucky joining just a little after 11:30. The men then grabbed the, ten or so, boxes of Steve's things and hauled them into the back of the trucks.
He gently brought his eyes back to the war table beneath them, clearing his throat in the process, while also catching the soldier's attention. Tony was never really great at being discrete.
But again he whipped out of his subconscious, as he quickly opened his eyes. The young pubescent teen next to him had tapped his shoulder in slight concern.
Tony followed the gleaming super-soldier out onto the balcony, placing his hand on the soldier's shoulder. "So I guess I have to cancel that appointment then, Huh?"
Steve was shocked, to say the least. He hadn't seen the three of them since Tony was in the hospital. The soldier beamed with excitement and hugged the idiots as if it had been 10 years instead of 10 months.
“Yeah, I’m sure you do. But uh... cap do you not remember that you took a power nap for 100 years, and it’s probably completely different from what you remember?!” Sam complained.
Clint kept the rest of the men company as Steve took one last glance around his empty apartment. The memories of his time there beginning to race through his mind.
Once the words flopped out of his mouth, Tony instantly regretted them. Now Steve was the one snickering. Except his was like a kid hearing a bad word.
That is until a certain ringing from the soldier’s pocket quickly caught his and Steve’s attention. It was Natasha.
"I guess that's one thing Tony forgot to mention." He continued, "Well, Pepper, It's nice to see that your concerned of my well being. And I guess if I’m calling you Pepper now, you can call me Steve.".
But something was off with this morning in particular. No, not off, maybe... familiar. He didn't know why, it just felt so intimate, new, and inviting. Tony felt as if he awoke in a new body. He blushed and smiled softly.
"I know, I know, it was a kiss run by high emotions, it didn't mean anything," Tony babbled again, "Its okay, no one saw. We can just pretend it didn't happen, even though it did. My god! I think I'm going to need those handcuffs soon?!" Tony joked.
Their sight seeing was short lived as Clint had some more jokes to throw out. All ranging from sexual to just down right kid like. Never the less, they still got a reaction from the other two women. But the driver almost seemed to get annoyed after each one he told. The group simply ignored the taxi driver's strange behavior, and patronizing glares at the road. Maria, blamed it on the stereotypical rudeness that most people believe New Yorkers to be. And so, Clint decided to go on.
Waking up to see Steve's azure eyes was enough. Spending time with his kids was enough. Being able to just...
Steve eventually reached the table Tony was working at, and purposely gazed at him. Hoping that if the silence doesn't bother him, the staring will. And to his surprise, it does. Tony shuts off the monitor, and turns his attention to the other soul in the room. His face obviously reads, his emotion. And yes, it's anything but amused.
"So... What are you doing here?”. The first question was genuine. But the rest was for Tony’s comedic moments, so that it would ease some of the awkward tension, “How did you find me? Have you been stalking me?” Tony quipped again.
"No Tony it didn't." Steve moved a little closer to him. The rage already gone, and the guilt filling in.
It honestly made Natasha a little sad, that his response was so dry. Usually, Tony's tone with anything he would say, was always so full of life and his charming, spunky attitude.
Howard of course, was always careful with his words when around Tony. You know, the usual: get your head straight, you should be more honest than that, what are you doing with your life; truly, the normal things you say to a 10-year-old who broke a toy.
The soldier gave him a nod. After a few minutes, the car ride grew silent. Steve could feel the silence begin to ‘irk him. But around 15 minutes would pass before the two men would speak. Mostly because Sam took a nap.
"Yea, but I mean we can't really call him on it though." Sam began, "Seriously Nat, I think it's because of Stark."
That evening, when Steve was driving down to Rhode Island, he called the two to see if his assumptions were true. And as it turns out they were. Needless to say, Sam & Bucky got an earful, that night.
Steve, lost in his subconscious, had completely forgotten that he was on the phone, and wasn't alone in the room. Sam just waited for Steve to tell him what was going on. Or why he was just staring out into space.
Steve and Sam just stood for a moment. Blankly staring at the dead agent. “What the hell are we going to do now,” Sam stated softly.
And even, at one point, made the super-soldier feel amorously blissful. A miscellaneous act as one would put it. That left the soldier vulnerable, sweat-soaked, and strangely satisfied that it occurred.
The question of the travel back upstate, and that most of the men would have to rent hotel rooms, did come up. Steve of course, completely was against the idea. And being the ‘mother hen’ that he was. He had asked everyone to at least stay the night. There were at least three rooms to pick from on the second floor, and the couch was an option as well.
Tony looked away from Steve's blank expression, only to finally break the tension with a simple question, "You feeling alright there, Cap?"
Pepper screamed of course, and looked around for her husband. He gave another push. Her breathing hitched, as she hesitantly looked under the bed.
And as he stood, peering out his bedroom window, looking out to the barn on the left side of the yard. Steve sighed in respiration. Hoping this home-sick feeling would eventually leave him in the next week or two.
Recalling back to his conversation with Bruce earlier. He felt angry with himself for thinking that their friendship was nothing but a passing kinship for a conversation they were never going to have. Because now, it seems, Tony was beginning to feel comfortable around Steve again. Which is something that Steve thought he would never have again.
She wasn’t too keen on the idea of living out in the middle of nowhere, which apparently, was just outside of Fairburn.
"Oh, Shit! Sorry..." He said while putting a spoon full of butter back on the counter, "Sorry honey, did I wake you?".
It felt beautiful to behold such a sight. It's golden bands illuminating parts of his bedroom. Yet, that wasn't the only thing that amazed the man. For the first time, Tony actually had a fantastic, sleepless, night. In the 40 years he's lived, he's never slept so peacefully. And awakening to a sight like this. It actually shocked him, to an extent.
With Bucky & Sam taking the room next to Steve. Bruce took the one on the front-right side. That room had 2 beds with one in good condition, the other not so much. But Bruce wasn't testing his weight on that flimsy metal frame that sat beneath the sturdy mattress.
Obviously, Tony wouldn't go through with what Steve was asking him to do. He's one married, two has a daughter, and three, has a decent life. Why would he jeopardize that?! Even if it was for a fantasy that he'd never live.
Instantly though, he squashed those raw feelings down. He was here, with his family, and that's all that mattered. This, This right here was his life now. And that was enough for him.
"I tell you what. If I don't come back, you and the kids can piss on my grave, how bout that?" He joked. She laughed, and they held onto each other tightly. Clint loves that he could discuss these things with her. Usually face to face, is easier. He can see her reactions and know if she truly agrees with him leaving or not. Over the phone, not so much. Leaving his memories, he continued talking with her for awhile until, they said their goodbyes. And he too headed to his stateroom to sleep.
She gazed outside to the street below, and pondered in thought. Oh god, how she didn't want to do it. But she made a promise.
So How’s the first chapter? Comment down below your guy’s theories for the rest of the book. This is my first fanfic and I’m trying to create their story in a more storytelling atmosphere rather than jumping around. I hope you guys like it!
"No. It's a story that's meant to be interpreted for different situations. It's meant to evoke thought. Which isn't a bad thing to have for certain situations like this one." The super-soldier now leaned down.
He checked his watch for the sixth time and huffed a little in annoyance. 'Where the hell is Steve?'.
Sam began his descent to the ground below, but at least tried to get some agents with the guns still in his hands.
He didn't know specifically when he made the decision. Or if it was, really, always there in the back of his mind. Just like everything else that fell on the back burner, when life seemed to smack him in the face.
Steve just stared at her with disbelief. He thought he and Tony were alone. Then again, there were bays of windows surrounding them. 'What if she told Pepper? Jesus, Tony would hate me forever!' He thought, 'Well actually that last one doesn't sound so bad?'.
Another yell from a different kid, this one was from Tommy, sent Steve dashing to behind the house and out to the river.
Steve, who was barely standing, simply nodded. The wound was surely not a simple nick. The pain that usually can after the adrenaline was certainly there, and it made Steve’s body wither in agony.
"Are you really that concerned? Or was this just a nice gesture, just to get in my girlfriend's pants?" Tony joked. Steve scoffed and a smile grew on his face.
His face was looking straight, while his eyes were continually looking up, cautiously. Kamala now fixed her gaze back, to the trio. Was it them that he was staring at? Most likely, but it was the 'who' that left Kamala more confused.
Another thing that caught his eye was the undeniably bland color scheme. This was anything but the opposite of appraisal. It had baby blueish walls with white oak hardwood floors. Any modern-day person would've been in heaven, but for someone as old-fashioned as Steve. This was a little too modern for him. And the aforementioned blandness of it didn't help his situation at all.
Sam lightly tapped his shoulder, which brought Steve back. Whilst, Natasha was yelling his name over the phone, getting more impatient with every "Steve" that left her lips.
And they lost, because they weren't 'all' together. No, Steve and Tony remained separate. Letting their resentment for each other, keep the wedge between them.
Not only that, but the dishes in the sink were washed, and put up. All of Morgan's toys were nicely stacked on a bookshelf, and even Tony's cooking station was organized.
He stood up, sat the doll on the nearby rocking chair, and sped down both staircases. By the time he reached the back door, he stopped.
"What's it with you and Tony thinking, that I am capable of being in a affair?" He stated amusingly.
Tony gave her a smug smile and proceeded to kiss her cheek. His attention quickly going back to his homemade biscuits in the oven.
A few hours passed and the trio were already out of the apartment, bearing no mention of Natasha's retelling of past events, and were sitting quietly at an outside café table. The café sat in the center of a little village, where the before-mentioned Farmer's Market was currently being held.
Her gaze was fixed upon the duo before a shuffling noise from behind them, which made the trio look to the back of the war room. It was a bin filled with leftover AIM bots being pushed by some SHEILD agents.
One time, he thought it was Bucky. That seemed like the most logical answer, but now though, Bucky seems content with himself. Hydra could no longer try and use him again. His best friend seemed okay.
Kamala beamed and shrieked with happiness when she saw it. So much so, that Tony could hear her shrieking response from the other side of Chimera, "Oh! That's so cool! We're matching hairstyles!".
The people around them looked to the fools, and simply chuckled with them. Once the duo noticed the crowds laughter, they wanted to take their embarrassing moments elsewhere. To be fair, Tony liked these moments more when it was just them two anyway.
“No, it’s not great news. But it’s not bad either.” She asserted with a devious smirk, “And Rogers I thought that I was the only smartass around here.”
“I just, I just don’t understand as to why this all blew up like it did? Like what did those two do to each other? At least to the point where we’re not even in the same country. But then again, Stark was always the man with flaws.” She addressed.
Walking to and fro from the barn, the soldier began to plan his next move after this situation. Steve would have to fix the barn shudders, replace the porch chairs, feed the horses, and god knows what else! But he had to do this first, he just had to! Otherwise, Annie wouldn't be able to play outside.
Tony pretty much, smashed his lips against Steve's. It actually made Steve step back a bit, not from what occurred, but how it occurred. Tony managed, not only, to connect his lips but his nose to Steve's, with a vengeance. They both grabbed their noses in winces of pain.
Pepper turned around to the dining area, and noticed the food was already placed on the table. She smiled. Even though she was still worried about her husband, he was at least finding things to do.
Nat and Clint hardy-har laughed from the back seat, while Maria chuckled amusingly, up in the front. These bouts of hilarity had caused Clint to be overwhelmed in utter tears of laughter, and Natasha's face to grow a dark red. They couldn't take Maria's sexual innuendos anymore. She was surprisingly good at coming up with them, just as she was good at telling them. From the elevator, down 42nd street, and now somewhere near 5th Avenue, the group lavished each other in these immature statements.
“I don’t follow.” Tony really didn’t. What was Steve saying, ‘feel comfortable again?’, ‘do something?’. It didn’t add up.
Tony would manage to gaze upon a building still on fire. When oddly enough he would notice a kid, who looked similar to him, just walk up to him, and give him a hug. After Tony sprayed out the fire, and the rest of the team moved some onlookers away. Steve eventually announced to the team, to help any still trapped in the building. But his order, would never be done. The building collapsed. The swarm of people screamed, ran, or just hid. But the Avengers were able to clear some smoke, and people out of the way. Yet still, others were not as lucky.
Kamala was in the middle of two-pining idiots wanting to dance with another. "Seriously, go dance with him!"
Steve and Nat were the ones who were genuinely took aback by his utter dis-concern for the people of New York, let alone mention it.
It knocked Steve out of his thought process. He looked to the grief-stricken woman. She was smiling to the super-soldier, but he knew Pepper was also trying to be strong.
"I... wanted to... ask you something." Vision had a weird crease in his face. Even with the red tints, Wanda could make them out.
Now because Steve didn’t have many things to begin with. The only rooms that were filled with decor & furniture were the main living room (Sam & Bucky gathered up some savings to get Steve a few green velvet sofas.), dining area (Tony bought Steve an American federal, mahogany dining table, and a porter dining server, also mahogany.), kitchen, and the upstairs, master bedroom & bath. The rest of the boxes were just stacked along the main & back hallway.
The man's face grew red, and she unwrapped her legs from his throat, before getting a few good punches into him as well. She got him on his knees and held onto his collar with vengeance.
The day was ending. The sky turning that pinkish/purplish hue. Telling all, that the day has ended and nightfall would be upon them. Just like yesterday, and the day before that, and the day before that. In one of the Earth's repetitive cycles, that Natasha finally could say was annoying.
Sam's rage disappeared instantly. He grabbed the gun and flew to his friend. Trips, stumbles, and near falls, befell his path to defend his companion.
Both Sam and the man looked at him, humorously. They knew his tone was only out of slight fear of their cursory situation. Which is why it was so hilarious to the both of them.
Tony who had been standing behind the built man, eagerly tried to see a memory as well. Of course his version of events were more stereotypically fictional, than compared to Steve's actual reality.
In all his past relationships, he'd never actually made love to a woman. It was always 'quickies' just to get rid of the sensual emotions that plagued him. Pepper, was the only exception and Morgan was the product of that.
The 'Black Widow' and super-soldier would found out, that answer, when they returned back to the compound. Just the two of them, as Thor and Bruce would stay in Wakanda for a few days. Feeling that Okoye would need assistance with T'Challa's, or really what was left, kingdom.
Tony's worried expression suddenly grew to excitement. No ones really asked him for a guys night out. Truthfully, it's something that he's been wanting for a little while now. And at least the person asking this time, was a friend.
The two men then grew silent and looked to the many alcoholic beverages along the back wall. Every now and then, looking to each other with their signature glances.
"But it's true. It's so damn true! If me and Tony could've put our differences aside, then, then..." Steve trailed off. Tears began to fill his eyes, before falling down his cheeks.
A person that felt like an annoyance in his life. Now only leaving an ache in his heart. A nostalgic feeling only to be described as the ache he felt when he lost Peggy.
Steve may not have known the kid that much. But he meant a lot to Tony. And He had watched him dissolve, right in his arms. And who’s fault was it? It should be Thanos’s right? It was his cruel act that took Peter from Tony, right? No.
Pepper knew Tony would suffer from nightmares. More so than ever before. Back in his PTSD days, after Loki, he was a straight mess. Always succumbing to his nightmares, in bouts of seizure-like fits.
As she began her recollection of the duo's miscellaneous act. Unbeknownst to them, a super-soldier could hear her recollection. He wasn't really eavesdropping, if he could hear her from the vents.
It's one of the reasons why the last house in Philadelphia didn't work out. He could already see the story there. And it wasn't anything promising. So, Steve needed to see the inside as it was either going to make or break his decision. Not just for the house, but for looking in general. He really wanted this to work out.
"I promise that you being happy won't 'ruin' our friendship. And don't worry about me. I may joke a lot, but I do have Sam when I need him. Even if he is a pain in my ass. Just don't forget that I got your back always, man. I'm your best friend, punk. 'Till the end of the line, remember?” Bucky laid a hand on his shoulder. He then began to walk back into the house.
Thor finally stays quiet. Along with Tony, who just continues on admiring the scepter. Thor leaves to his stateroom, along with Fury, who looked just as concerned as Thor did. Something was up with Tony, yet they did not know what. Usually Tony's an open book, a very tell it like it is kind of guy. He seemed fine at Shawarma's. So then what was different about now? Walking down the hall, they could spot Ms. Potts heading the opposite direction of them.
And that their seriously noticeable hiding spot, hasn't been compromised yet. 'Cause from this bush, their entire plan could be compromised. But Steve Rogers was always the one for taking some risks. Which was something he should look into, for changing.
Wanda felt sorry for the other woman. Even though she didn’t know much about Natasha, she would consider her friend. A friend who would have her back if she needed it.
"That's fine, it'll be okay. A little friction won't hurt anyone. Come on, it's okay." Tony acknowledged. He knew Steve was right, but he was trusting him. Trusting Him to be gentle. And to at least find a comfortable rhythm quickly.
"I'm on my way-" Natasha felt her arm get violently tugged as she fell to the ground below. The man, with the eye missing, stood above her, trying to dismantle her disguise. But she instantly took his arm, and lifted herself above him.
Natasha pushes past the super-soldier and looked inside. Her breaths hitching every few seconds. 'Oh yeah. We are so screwed!' She thought.
It eventually daunted on Tony that he just figured it out why he kissed Steve. His face smirks as he spins Natasha around calling her genius several times.
With a pep in his step, Steve walked down to the lake, standing idyllically near the edge of Tony's property. The lake itself was glistening against the sun's rays. Its scenic beauty captivating the soldier for a moment. The trees swaying with the wind, alongside the occasional bird tweeting or cicada buzzing in a cacophonous orchestra. It all sounding just as calming as it looked.
Tony looked horrified at her statement. He tried to get a laugh out without making the situation awkward... Too late.
"Теперь ты не против сказать мне, чего хочет Гидра с этим оружием, ты укол!" She uttered in Russian knowing the guy didn't obviously speak English. It roughly translated to 'tell me why Hydra wants with those weapons, you prick'.
"He'd hate me if he knew that I just gave up. That I abandoned you guys when you needed me." Tony took a sharp breath in. He too was starting to feel that it was too much.
At that moment, Steve wishes he wasn't the political figure everyone knew him as. He wanted Ziggy to see that it was Steve Rogers that was talking to her. Not Captain America, or Rogers, or an Avenger, none of that.
The shower was still roaring in the distance. Steve was in there, Tony could hear him. Probably trying to warm up. It finally dawning on the philanthropist, that it was freezing in the room.
Steve suddenly realized he was speeding even faster than before. Jumping from 50 mph to 75 mph. So he tried to slow down quickly. "I need to be alive for this, Rogers!".
"Right. Uh, See the thing is, I wanted to... I wanted... Shit, this was a lot more smoother in my head." He choked out in embarrassment.
"This bedroom here is well-lit, well insulated, and the carpet has just been cleaned and refurbished." She stated happily.
"Well, I just wanted to tell you anyway just in case you wondered why I'm being so picky." Steve took one hand off the wheel to graze his finger across the map, laying on Tony's lap.
Eventually, though, the only people that ended up knowing, other than Tony, were Clint, Bruce, Rhodey, Peter Parker, even Fury & Maria Hill knew about it.
Morgan had become Tony's main reason for staying far away, from really what's left of the Avengers. His salvation to a better life. No more playboy filled nights, no more killing himself each time the Avengers needed a reunion, and a chance to finally be happy.
Steve had to give them that. He just never thought a couple of teenagers would be interested in petting horses. At least in these days. Today, teenagers worry more about going to parties or staying on their phones all day long.
But the trek to the Stark farmhouse, was the most anxious Steve has ever been. His palms were sweaty, his breathing hitched every now and then. His mindset was, if you haven’t figured it out yet, all over the place.
by Ernest Hemingway, a classic in Steve's eyes. He spun to chapter 12 and began his descent into Pilar's confession to Maria. Not wanting to think about seeing Tony after a shower.
The men then looked further down the length of the left side. Towards the back of the house, barely noticeable by the open doorway, was the kitchen. With a dining area sitting between the two rooms with a different enclosing on each side. The living room had a brown, flat, archway with sidelights; the kitchen's being a simple wall & door. Another fireplace sitting next to that doorway.
I mean sure, Steve has never been great at being discreet in serious situations. Which is very odd. Considering the fact that he was in WW2! And literally having to be secretive and tactful is part of his job at times! But never the less, when he thought a scene was sketchy, he kicked any sense of discretion out the window.
"Your welcome. But seriously though, if we ever sleepover at your house again. I'm sleeping on the couch, and the couch only." Bucky playfully pointed to him.
"Tony didn't abandon his team. I abandoned them. I abandoned... him." His voice quivering with hate and guilt.
Since the events of The Avengers, Stark industries went through a major overhaul, of new advancements and leadership. In doing so, the Stark Tower had went through significant changes. Each room was given specific enhancements, toward each avenger. However, the Avengers usage of the tower mostly consisted of: learning new missions, studying new science breakthroughs, or just to chill and watch the television. Although recently, Fury and some of his Shield agents having been taking refuge here, since Shield had dismantled after the events of the Winter Soldier. And honestly, Fury was getting real tired of paying hotel bills.
"Oh god... Hello, Uh, Captain America, how are you feeling. You look... a bit tired." She giggles, while also trying to catch her breath. He gives her a warm smile. And hands her a pencil she had dropped.
Now that she was gone, Steve felt an emptiness in his heart. A longing for someone like her. Sharon tried to be that, but Steve knew of his true feelings for the woman. And they weren't romantic. Leaning more towards appreciative.
He looked to her. She seemed okay from what he could see. But knew Pepper long enough to know, that she always wears a false face when she needs to. And at this moment she was wearing it.
"Cool. Thank you. Um... if you find her, try to keep last night's events quiet for now. I know she said yes, but knowing her, she could've been lying." He recommended. Almost wincing at the lying part. If she was lying, Tony didn't know what he was going to do.
However, figuring out his infatuation with her was kind of inappropriate for the time being, as Nat was still unconscious. Yet, this wasn't the first time she's been unconscious. If there was a counter of the many times he knocked her unconscious, since they started their lessons, it would be up to 15. Of course, Tony and Fury were able to come up with a little gadget to help with just that. Dr. Cho, a nurse from Seoul, and one of the many at Shield, would help is well. And just like that, the machine worked like a charm. So each time Nat was 'smacked into next week'. They'd hook her up to the machine, and she wake up as if it was a nightmare.
"It's alright, Peter. I'm not angry or anything! Far from it, I just want to know who told you?" Steve placed a genuine smile on his face.
Yet, when Steve finally got the hang of it. Tony will admit, it was a strange feeling at first. He was never on the receiving end when it came to sex. But after some time, Steve using this window to be as gentle as possible. Only moving when Tony said he could.
Tony broke his gaze and shot his hand up. Signaling to Happy that he got the gist of things. He then, walked over to Nat’s picture first. Her hair was now blonde, which to Tony, made her look even more attractive than before. Her expression was still the same. The resting b*tch look still shining through her shadowed face.
And he was being honest. Steve knew Pepper was the world to Tony. And when they had that little conversation, before... before Germany. He could read Tony like a book. He was hurting. And Steve only just added to that.
The music began to play, and off the dancers went. With a soldier and a philanthropist leading them all in a standard waltz.
"It was also about... about us." Steve was looking down again, "I've been wanting to ask you since this morning. What do we do about it? You know... what happened last night.".
Of course, Tony's outfit was similar to Steve's. I mean sure, they were the two leaders of the Avengers. But this was just too funny to Kamala. The literal, only, difference between the two was the color of the turtlenecks and the style of the tuxedos. Tony's turtleneck was black, instead of red; and his tuxedo was a Satin Peak Lapel.
Experiencing a horrific nightmare, only to wake up and not remember what you've seen or heard. Most would believe, it's a blessing in disguise. But it's also more scarier to be left in the dark. Not knowing what horrors you've witnessed, only to see them again, and again.
All in all, Steve was slowly falling in love with the place, and this was just the left side of the house. The three other floors not even coming to mind just yet.
"5 years." The driver replied blankly. His expression didn't even change. It stayed that determined yet slightly annoyed gaze. At least he wasn't using it on them, or otherwise there would be more festering awkwardness.
It was a v-neck, mermaid red evening dress, with black high heels to boost. Now making her a bit taller than Tony. A white, faux fur shawl draped around her shoulders. Along with a multi-diamond bracelet on her left hand. Finishing the look, she had grown her hair out, as Kamala had. And she too, put her hair in a half up half down style.
Natasha's stomach did a second flip, as he said 'them'. As if he was speaking about creatures. Creatures that lie, and wreak havoc among those who seek to find life.
Surprisingly, no words or jokes were exchanged during the entirety of their situation. They relished in the sounds they were making, and 'dirty talk' would've certainly ruined the mood that they were getting in this moment.
"It wasn't anything too strong before A-Day. But after... I realized... that..." He sighed in defeat. "Look, Steve. If you don't feel the same way that's fine. But that's why I didn't want to tell you. Your friendship, this team, means so much to me. And if I had let this slip, I...".
Steve already knew that this was going to be an adjustment. He just didn't realize that the noisy, bombastic, sounds of cars & pedestrians, were now going to be compared to that of cicadas & frogs. The silence of it all was the hugest difference to the city life. Yet, the soldier felt it was still strangely relaxing.
The only time they had discussed being seen was for their plan, for Tony. Nat and Sam being the masterminds of said plan, with Steve just kind of tagging along with it. The duo did hope that Tony would catch onto their little 'wink', with these publicity stunts.
"She did, however, tell me that she planned to take Morgan out tonight, and you'd be here, alone. And then that was it. She just softly smiled and took Morgan with her." Steve replied softly.
Food poisoning, an ugly repercussion of uncooked meat, followed by rancid oysters. He knew they had a funny smell to it, as the odor hit his nostrils. But what was he to do? Sit there and not eat?! No, the soldier needs his protein anyway he can get it. Even if the food seems rancid.
Commander Hill considered holding off the annual Christmas party till tomorrow. At least until they'd arrive at Sub Station Zero, where it would be a lot more warmer than the old, creaky, Chimera.
Tony, once again, smirked and recalled to the super-soldier, in slight detail, his time in Afghanistan. Like his confession, he choked up several times, and looked all around himself.
“Oh, I know. I came in here earlier when you two were smacking lips. But I didn’t want to impose so I grabbed a soda before re-entering the room.” She confessed.
“The more you wish me away, the stronger I become! And then One day, I will arise to take everything you love and more!". The voice was hoarse and weak, its tone ranging from demanding to pitiful.
"Tony-You can't be serious..." Steve expressed once again aggravatingly, "I mean... Are you sure?! Because I don't want to do this, if you feel the need to force it.".
"You were supposed to ask me to dance! And I was trying to get you to ask me without noticing!" Tony laughed.
The philanthropist finally shifted his feet to the super-soldiers picture. Steve looked the most changed out of the group. The pain came back to Tony’s chest, which confused him even more as to why it was there.
I mean they knew the apartment wasn’t a huge disappointment, and it was miles better than the one in Wales. But it still had its moments. Just last week, the toilet clogged unintentionally, the light fixtures in the living room failed, and the water temps for showers/baths never were warm enough, at least for Wanda.
Tony and Nat waved to the agent before he disappeared around the corner. Tony eventually stood up just afterwards, and told Nat goodnight. Although he stumbled with the response as it was only 1 in the afternoon.
"I just want him to be honest with me. I want to feel happy when looking back, but I ruined that. I polluted that with my lies. And now Tony's just trying to act like it didn't happen! But at least acknowledging it is the only way for me, and Tony, to gain closure from it all." Steve confided.
"Tony, you are an utterly unbelievable man. How in the hell did we get here?" The super-soldier couldn't believe what he was doing, or really getting ready to do.
But now, 7 years later, they didn't just win. They earned their victory. They resolved those several issues they had. They were finally on good terms. Steve doesn't know if he was still thinking of the Avengers or him and Tony.
He shot up and headed back into the ship. Hearing the music and laughter slowly fade from him, as he reached the crew quarters. It was quiet. Tony looked around the area, to see if he was sitting anywhere. He wasn't.
"You want to talk about it?" She said softly while wrapping her arms around him. He huffed a sigh of relief to finally be around someone he actually cared for. Tony swallowed, and turned to his girlfriend. He held her, and just stared into her soft eyes. They gazed for quite sometime, even swaying a bit.
“No your fine. It just reminded me of Tony again.” He answered, “I know that it’s been a long time, Sam. But for some reason, I can never get that man out of my thoughts.”.
The three guys broke out into some mild laughter. Sam being the most destroyed. He may have known Cap for a little while now. Yet, Steve still always surprised him every now and then.
He could forgive the events of Germany that much was true. Siberia on the other hand, might take a little longer though. Too much internal pain for that one to be completely let go of. Or really to be dealt with.
The soldier rushed over to it and started dialing Natasha's number. Thanking himself profusely that he at least knew it. And even for a man from the 40s, it really made him feel old, when the attendant made it sound like this phone was ancient. When in reality, it was only a decade old.
"I did. For once in my life." Tony stated, taking the reactor and sitting it on the nearby table. Not wanting anything of a cruel past reminder in sight. "Have you by any chance seen Pepper?".
A golden ray of sunshine is what Tony saw when he opened his eyes. He thought he died. Seriously, he checked his pulse and everything. But nope, he was still alive. And this ray of sunshine was enough to live for hundreds of lifetimes.
"As the ship was nearing the rocky shore of Halifax, it failed to miss a rock under the massive waves. The ship inevitably scrapped, while also getting caught on, the rock. Causing the ship to heave horribly to port. Until capsizing altogether to that side." Steve began to tap his foot, nervously.
"Would you like to talk now? Or continue this staring contest. Because You and I both know... I can do this all day." Steve teased.
Once there, his headspace was clear enough for Tony to realize how lucky he was to have Steve. Little moments like earlier, make Tony think back on how Howard treated him. And how his fears of becoming just like his father were always in the back of his mind.
"Oh-uh, Yes. I was just thinking about some things." Tony felt a slight smile quickly arrive, and leave, his face as his eyes went back to the window.
The three men giggled in response. With Tony continually staring at the soldier. Steve looked back at him and the two locked eyes for a moment.
Things like this only happen in fantasy. Children stories, to where the heroes usually win in the end. And the Avengers always prevailed against their misfortunes. But this was one of the children stories that had a miswritten ending.
Steve had always loved to see that face. Giving the blonde butterflies in his stomach, every single time. Yet, it still never dawned on Steve that even after... years... of marriage. He can still make Tony laugh like that.
"You girls aren't going outside until you spill it." Steve crossed his arms whilst leaning on the counter behind him.
Another dash upstairs to change clothes was inevitable. So that's where he was when Tony was escorted into the house. Ziggy, showing him the living room, her excitement about the man's presence laced throughout her tone. She was definitely being a lot nicer than before.
Steve's expression turned from happiness, to utter guilt. Letting each memory of last night, beat him up mercilessly. Steve Rogers, an honorable, honest, and loving man; slept with a married man for his own sexual desire, while not thinking of the consequences it would later cause.
Wanda thanked him and headed off to her room. Walking into the neatly tucked bedroom, with a tiny tv on a nearby desk, a small queen size bed, and two bookshelves sitting poised on both sides, she sat quietly at the foot of her bed.
"Not without an explanation. Now come on, what's with the running?" Steve sat a couple of plush toys down and placed his hands on his hips. "You know the rule: No running—"
Steve never would've believed that too much silence can actually be this annoying! He cleared his throat, and sighed in exasperation. He wasn't getting through with Tony, so he needed to step it up. If Steve Rogers wasn’t getting through, then maybe Captain America would. And so he went with that ideal/plan in mind. Which consisted of running up to Tony, grabbing his forearm, and insisting that he tell him what in the world is wrong with him.
"Tony... you moved in front of me. It was going to hit me. You had moved right when that 'thing' whirled to life.".
And so, here they are. Natasha still waiting for Steve's response. "I need you to answer, or I'm tracing this number!". Her voice sounded weak, but with a hint of strength.
Continuing his symphony of moans, Tony could still feel that tear on his cheek. That simple tear, just stayed in that specific spot, and glistened in the light of the fireplace. Why it didn't move, was just as baffling as this whole situation. Did it mean something? Steve noticed it too, but kept his attention on loving Tony.
It did catch some of Sam's pants on fire, but a good pat down put the fire out. The building that stood only moments ago, was now a big ball of blue flames. It groaning like a ship's hull bending and breaking.
"How did you already hear about that, if you don't mind me asking?" Steve did mind. He really didn't want random people knowing where he lived. Even if it had been 2 years since his retirement.
Pepper began to approach him, asking him a few more questions. She tried to start off cautiously, but it too began to sound as if she was prying a bit. Tony noticed this, but didn't pay her much attention. Pepper was a bit concerned by this. She could tell he wasn't feeling like himself. So, it was time for her girlfriend comfort mode to kick in.
Steve went to grab Tony's hand while lacing their fingers together. Only hearing the sound of Tony's soft breathing. "I... I would love to run with it. If you'd like?".
He held out his hand and Annie hesitantly placed the doll in his grasp. Steve then, yanked it and began to rough move out from the table. Winking at her as he stood back up; Annie following swiftly.
Regardless, those conflicting times seemed to have been fixed nonetheless. Well if you consider 'fixed' as Wanda going missing, this John Walker fellow tarnishing everything of the Captain America name; and a rogue organization spreading more fear than hope, that Sam had to tackle with.
His eyes fell upon the board again, and he now looked to the words: Scotland, England. He knew where they were, that they were at least okay. Maybe he could convince them to come back. To try and forget the petty bullshit of last year’s event in Germany.
“Well, since financial arrangements are in order. What time do you believe you’ll move in?” Richard inquired.
Finally Tony cracked a genuine smile, as his torture in this room was being lifted. He quickly gathered his cup of coffee, some Jack-Daniels sprinkled in it, and instantly headed out to the main floor.
Steve just chuckled softly at the couples continuous jabs at each other. They really were meant for each other.
Sokovia’s casualties were catastrophic, and left the Avengers shaken. But it was the accidental casualties in Wakanda that definitely had major repercussions for them.
The super soldier's awkward giggle, made the 'iron-man' look to him confusingly. 'Why is he acting so weird. They had to've done stupid shit like this in the army, right?" He thought.
Pacing in his stateroom, mumbling to himself, was his way of thinking quickly. The only sound being that of his suit, from the constant movement. He truly didn't want to leave without helping somehow. But before he could finish his thinking process, the announcement overhead, stating their departure from the skies and back onto the sea, clouded anymore thought processing.
"Just because I'm human doesn't mean that it was a valid reason for what I did. 'I'm only human' sounds more like an excuse." Steve kept his gaze on the green giant.
It was a sunny, but bitterly cold morning. The snow that gathered in the night, was up to a mere 3 inches. With a soft glittery dew on the gutters that surrounded a 4- story, gambrel-roof-shaped, dutch-colonial home in upstate New York.
He smiled his warm smile, and then he too looked to the lake. And for some reason, after just a few seconds, Steve was back inside. Pepper didn't even notice the soldier.
The philanthropist then, lunged towards the super-soldier with James and Maria tackling them as well. Pillow feathers flew through the air, as the battle had begun. Tony and Steve on one side, and the kids on the other. Except for the dog laying lazily in the corner.
Steve became a little rigid. Had he been that noticeable? And if so, what was their counteraction to it?
Tony didn't even try to break away, as he instantly melted into the kiss. The two held each other lovingly, as Steve deepened the kiss, further and further. It feeling more, and more, impassioned as they kept going.
Wanda especially was fond of the idea. Since her break out of the Raft, Steve and the two dispersed up north, and of course, out of the country. Once they were far enough they separated, but under a set of rules. If they were to head out somewhere, they were going to have to be near him, Sam, or Natasha. That was the major one to follow.
Thankfully, it misfired. Or what she thought was a misfire. She could hear cries and weeps just a few feet from here. It was Steve, holding a non-responsive Tony in his arms. The clear indication of a massive-sized hole near his arc reactor. And the horrifying realization that it was no longer illuminated.
Once again he gave the super soldier a smug look, before the two dispersed further into the home. Following each other, the duo came into what seemed like the dining room.
"Don't worry, Cap. I've been working on a plan since we left the city." He addressed, while walking toward the blonde, and placing a hand on his shoulder, "Our job as The Avengers, is to protect our people. And if we aren't doing our part in helping clean up, then we are just easier to blame. We need to give them safety, stability... Comfort.".
She discreetly looked for any signs of a dishonest reason. Even if he replied, she could at least tell if he was lying to her or not. Vision made be a mad scientist's creation, with the knowledge/I.Q higher than Bruce Banner, Tony Stark, and Erik Selvig combined. But it didn't mean he was a saint who never lied to protect her.
And after yesterday, he was ready to move on to another chapter in his life, Shield, or more so, The Avengers. Although his time in the new era had been rough. Shield may be the one thing that keeps him grounded.
And mostly because their good news, wiped out any room for any things, other than their news, to be discussed. And that, with time, certain events can become blurry to a person’s mind. But not always with their hearts.
"Oh! Uh, well... see I was trying to wake you from the door, and you weren't answering, So... I thought sitting next to you, you know; you could hear it better." Tony blabbed. 'Good Work Stark, He doesn't suspect a thing!' Tony thought sarcastically.
The trio trekked back to their car and headed away from the burning building. Once police and the media arrived they couldn't make head or tails of it. The story they did come up with, was a simple gas leak of some sort.
Then, Tony gave way, and let out a breath. He slumped his head forward, following the breath, and brought it back up quickly.
Speaking of Natasha, she would head out with Steve, Sam, Vision, and Wanda, on the run from the government. As they were now international fugitives.
As the sun had set, the two had to pretty much navigate the last few yards of forest in the dark. Which, was filled with trips and stumbles as tree limbs, and roots, unintentionally (or maybe intentionally?) laid in their path.
He looked to her in disgust and instantly smiled. The man then, cracked his throat and spit in her face. "Как насчет того, чтобы ты пошёл сам на себя, сука!" He responded disgustingly. Which this roughly translated to 'Go screw yourself, you bitch!'.
"Shh! Stop. I can hear something." He stated. They all stood silent. Waiting to hear the faint cry. And there it was. A soft, haunting wail.
Tony shot a shocked glare to him, and instantly felt his mouth open. He was about to reject, until Peter continued, “Mr. Stark it’s okay. I honestly knew the minute you started talking about him. And the only reason I know, is the way you talk about him, and the way you talk about Pepper, is different.”.
He took a few steps toward the railing, and then sat down at the discussion table. If he was going to talk to Pepper, it would need to be at least sitting down. In case of a another possible smack to the head, or an insult filled with curses, and anger. Both would hurt him equally. He noticed Pepper and Nat coming back up the stairs with Fury behind them. He felt himself stiffen his posture, pull an employee next to him, and began an awkward conversation with him.
Sam was surprisingly ahead of his companion, for their dash to the building. Which in hindsight wasn't smart, considering the higher chances of them being shot at, were growing with every passing minute.
The brunette took a breath and ever-so-slowly made his way to the bathroom. He knew he wasted a lot of time, on that cold floor. So, he dashed to the shower door, knocking a little too vigorously.
Back in his war days, he never wanted to see the level of death of destruction he had witnessed. But he did, and it truly changed him and his knowledge of the world. And 2012's New York surely topped that cake. The others noticed his strange behavior, mostly Tony. 'Dammit he's having a me moment.' He thought. Nat walked up to the Iron Man, and told him to talk to Steve.
He sniffed away some more tears. After taking a shuddering breath, he finally looked to Tony. "H-How..."
He was heading up to the house, very slowly. Each step feeling long and drawn. Basically, his ankles felt like 100-pound weights is what I’m getting at.
Tony was finding things to do, so he wouldn't have to be reminded that 'that' day was coming up. The day, the Avengers failed.
Tony Stark loves Steve Rogers. A love that He never wants to let go or lose. This man is who he married, has kids with, and wants to grow old with. Well... they both are already kind of old.
Tony now really started to feel the effects, of Steve's changes in rhythm. Along with himself getting a bit more louder. Being loud, especially during sex, was always an annoyance to himself. But to Steve, it was as if he could hear the sweet sound of heaven.
Steve and Sam, however, we're being bombarded with the agents. Each one getting a few good hits with their energy blasts. The super-soldier suddenly fell to the floor. Too many hits made his body completely break apart. The pain almost unimaginable.
Yet suddenly, the atmosphere changed. Steve and Tony were no longer awkwardly judging their situation. The two men just gazed a final time at each other. The utter connection between them was opening up like a flower.
With their division, we will now jump ahead to after the events of Civil War. Comment down below some theories! If you enjoy, don’t forget to leave a kudos, man.
No this smile was meant for Tony. This simple, warming, and comforting smile. Something that use to give Tony butterflies and a funny feeling inside, but now, just left him cold and distant.
They stood a few yards away from the shelter, and at least were occupied in listening to a man on a podium. Yelling all in Russian, probably convincing them that they’ll take over the world, blah, blah, blah. ‘Seriously, don’t they get tired from these speeches?’ The super-soldier thought.
Steve thanked him and headed up to the counter for something delicious. He skimmed the menu, and found some pigs in a blanket, rather tasty.
"Hey, I just remembered that... I... didn't... e-at?! Yea, I didn't eat. Um, Steve would you like to chill with me, while they go ahead?" Tony perplexed.
The soldier recognized the car instantly. A feeling of guilt befell him. Instantly, he heard a few people talking from down below. Ziggy & Tommy came into view, of the window, and were approaching the car. Steve smiled a little at the protective expressions on their faces. That was until Tony Stark had stepped out, with a little girl following suit.
Steve looked at her funny. "Kamala, I may be old. But I can handle a joke. Just tell me what it is?".
And so, he picked his phone out of his pocket. Glancing over the contacts, he debated if he should call anyone at this point. Everyone else was either busy or at least doing something with their life. Maybe Sam or Bucky, he hasn't spoken to them in a long while?
Another house that came to mind was a 2,500 sq ft. log cabin in Maine. It had a beautiful mosaic interior, and he would've had at least a few acres of land on top of that. The only catch would be the summer months. When it would rain, the entire area would flood causing a multitude of water damage to the house. The city wouldn't fix the issue, and the bank surprisingly still felt it was worth selling.
She looked back up to the walkway and could see Tony smiling down at them. As if he was happy to see them happy. Or really to see Steve happy. Another lightbulb flew on in her head. She finally had the puzzle solved.
"Steve I know that. But it didn't make me feel any better, when I got home last night, and that it still happened!" She shouted.
He felt his hand tremble, as the photo fell from his hands and soaked into the water below. His eyes filled with some exhausting teardrops. He needed this, even if it was painful.
Steve awkwardly chuckled as well. The philanthropist was right, they needed to forget it. But it still doesn’t change anything. They’ll have to deal with this guilt, possible forever. And that’s even if they tell Pepper?
Small touches came and went, with giggles and laughs filling the room. The erotic tension between them growing with every second. The friction of their bodies rising into an amorously blissful moment.
The heartwarming memory that showed itself to Steve suddenly withered, and faded into the haunting reality of the present.
Clint held her closely to help stop her tears flow. He looked to her and slowly got her to a more composed self. Usually she's more reserved in showing emotions, but this situation was different. Clint took his sights toward Maria, who seemed utterly pissed at the driver. She was far from being cordial, and wasn't going to let some random man, no matter of the reason, talk down to earth's greatest defenders as if they were the Chitauri or Loki himself. But she also knew he was hurting. And so, her response went a little something like this.
Potts, now Stark. She seriously wonders how a decade ago, she would groan at the name Stark. But now that's her last name. Pepper Stark. It so does not roll off the tongue. Which is why, when Tony says it. She laughs softly.
Steve laughed softly. He looked back to the yard and kept his eyes there. Another pause befell them. This time Bucky was the one to break the silence.
Back then, in the days of 'The Avengers'. The cameras, the paparazzi, the fans, everything about his ‘old life’ never made it boring or repetitive. He missed being the talk of the town, for better or worse.
"The call me Happy. And don't worry, He's not in any trouble." He addressed. His obviously tough guy tone pretty much told Steve that this man was not dangerous. He even tried the smoldering death glare which, in his defense, wasn't bad.
Bruce and Steve would drop by every now and then. Each time with a story to tell. Which to Natasha, was music to her ears. Mostly because of the repetitive nature of her day-in and day-out routine.
It was silent. Unbearably, and agitation-ally, silent. A silence that no one should hear. It was always hard for her to explain, the silence of that day. The one you hear, when your 6 feet below the ground, is the best analogy to it.
As Ziggy listened to Steve’s rant. She slowly lowered her guard down. Genuinely beginning to feel sympathy for the super-soldier. Steve didn’t say anything after that, merely looking off into space.
For the remainder of the next year, the philanthropist's life was slowly heading back to normality. Planning his engagement to Pepper, Peter taking his title as Spider-Man seriously. Everything was alright.
The other simply smiled, trying his hardest to hide the deep trauma that was ripping his mind to shreds. He didn't want to worry Steve with whatever was affecting him. So he thought up a conversation starter, quickly.
Once the formalities had gone and they all sat down on the adjacent couch; well Bruce had to sit on the floor. Tony was, of course, the first to ask him about how his life is going.
“The only reason I asked, is when he was earlier, he was pacing back and forth. And seemed a little on edge.” Bruce has known Steve for the longest time. And he’s usually not one, for having mini panic attacks.
He stood there, looking into Tony's eyes. They seemingly sparkled with content. I guess, he already knew the brunette's answer.
Barely from the blurry vision he received from that concussion he gave himself, Steve could see something leave out of a doorway. "Where are you going?" He shouted at the creature.
It was the first time he had seen his name. 4 long years since Tony Stark had seen the name, Steve Rogers.
The two sat quietly for a moment. Letting the sound of the other patron’s conversations flutter through their ears. That is until, Ziggy gazed over to the exit, and remembered something Steve had said earlier. “What was that
Another secret facility, that Hill had no trouble in reminding the team of. The scrimmage didn't take up too much time, and with Kamala there, they had a lot more assistance than they thought they needed.
The winged-soldier was able to pry open a crate with ease, as he had found a crowbar, coincidentally, on the floor near him. ‘Oh wow! Thank you, Universe!’ He thought smugly. More luck seemed to be on their side, as this crate had some hydra guns inside. He pulled out, at least two, and through them to his injured friend.
The Avengers hadn’t fought anyone recently. Tony and Pepper were still going strong. And besides the paranoia, Tony seems okay mentally. Yet, He was the one who brought up the question.
Steve Rogers had finally broken his silence. Completely fed up with this back and forth with Tony. He just stood panting and staring at the older man.
"Anytime, pal. By the way, what time are you picking me up? 'Cause mom said I have to be back by no later than 10:00." Steve could practically see Tony smiling at this point.
Tony hadn’t realized that he was starting to stare off. “Hmph, oh yeah. Just thinking about some things.” He stated.
Tony's moans began to become more and more frequent, as did Steve's. The brunette suddenly lifted his head from the pillow. Whilst, the super-soldier dropped his head back into Tony's neck. Time itself suddenly seemed to stop for them, and sit still. Their lovemaking, finally, hitting a climax.
The father once again brought his eyes to hers, and finally nodded in a truce. Maria and Clint sighed in relief, as well. A few more seconds of some self-composure and the driver held his hand out and repeated, "That'll be 35.56, please.".
Silence followed. Leaving Peter to continue fumbling with his jacket. Steve cleared his throat, breaking the awkwardness. "Are you alright, kid?".
Tony's eyebrow raised, along with an average expression placed on his face. "You and Kamala have been spending way too much time together.".
If they weren't being stared at before. They were now. Coincidentally, Steve could hear Kamala's giggling amongst the now silence in the room.
"Look, man, we know you two were good friends. And it was loss, with what happened. But the fact that your speaking about him is progress." Sam acknowledged.
The super-soldier did apologize, the next morning, to not only Tommy but to Ziggy as well. Saying that he shouldn't have shouted like he did. The two, of course, forgave him and that was that. Things just went back to normal, and everyone seemed happy again.
He huffed in annoyance, but at least he was in the shower, already. Tony just didn't understand their situation yet. But, he wasn't going to complain. The whole experience of being here, with Steve, was new to the philanthropist. It being exciting and almost adventurous as well. Regardless of what the future could hold, this would be a morning that Tony would remember, that's for sure.
It was that same pain he felt after the whole Bucky killing his parent's situation, and Steve once again lying to him.
Nat rememberers this encounter. It was about a month after the battle of New York. Natasha and the team attended the disorientating funerals in deep discomfort. Each casket they would put into the ground, was a shot to the head for each of the Avengers. Knowing that they had some involvement in their deaths was truly a self esteem destroyer.
Steve cleared his throat and continued their conversation from before. "So am I getting an answer?".
"Hell, if it makes you feel any better, I didn't even want to suggest it!" Steve stated. The air was beginning to thicken in the kitchen, so he had to move to the foyer just to breathe again.
Truthfully, Steve didn't even blame her. Ziggy didn't have the greatest life and probably looked to the Avengers as a way to escape. And just when her family was torn apart and she was alone. Here comes the leader of the Avengers, the great, retired, Captain America, to make it better.
"We keep this up, Cap, I'll have to kiss you again." Tony instantly regretted it as the sly comment fell off his lips. "I'm sorry. That was inappropriate.".
Yet to Steve's knowledge, all of those situations were dealt with. Now being nearly 10 months since everyone returned.
Natasha ran over to her friend, and with the help of Sam picking up one of the weapons, were able to put down the rest of the agents.
"I'm beating myself up over shit that shouldn't matter anymore." Steve had the balls to look Tony in his eyes this time.
'How could he be so selfish?! Then again, it's Tony Stark! He always thinks of himself! Seriously?! Is he willing to let them be tortured or worse, just so that he can stay with Pepper?!' Her thoughts suddenly seemed to swarm her.
'You gotta eat, when you gotta eat...' Sam would tell him. Just before he would make his trip to the bathroom. Except his version of food poisoning was more towards destroying the toilet. And yes, this has happened before, but usually not through delivered food.
"I just... find it funny, that you're worried to ask, one of them, for something." She started cautiously.
"You didn't break my marriage, Steve. If I knew that, I would've told you to fuck off. But deep down, when you told me about your kiss. I was able to piece everything together.".
It began a few months back, just after their scrimmage with AIM. When Tony had finally revealed his feelings to Steve. To which, Steve had kissed him in response. And since then, each one of their encounters slowly morphed into something more romantic. Surprisingly, they hadn’t had sex yet. Mainly, on Tony’s behalf.
"Cap, don't give me that crap. You know that I could care less if you came with me." Tony really wishes he reworded that last sentence. Damn, his dirty innuendos!
"Don't leave me..." Steve ran over to him, "Tony, please know that I didn't do this to ruin our night. Everything from the dance, to... our kiss, and... I just wanted to leave it at that. That's why came in here."
"I'm alright, I guess. And Hello to you too, Morgan." Steve smirked as he had heard Morgan in the background, "Anyway I was wondering if I could ask you something.".
But even losing Peter really took a toll on him, and his friendship with Steve. He pretty much deleted those 'good times' he had with Cap. It didn't mean he hated him all this time. But he certainly couldn't look at him the same way.
“You don’t mind tasting this for me. I’ve been kinda doing some cooking stuff lately, and I’ve been using my family for taste testing.” He stated, “And since they're not here right now. You are my designated taster.”.
Familiar, however, was an understatement when the group saw him for the party. If you've known him as long as the other Avengers have. You'd know that Steve wasn't a fan of dressing up. It gave him a prideful feeling. But when it came to a social gathering, he knew he had to.
He turns to walk into the living area. Only to find it completely quiet and empty, besides the sounds of the crackling fireplace, and snow drizzle outside. The brunette then looked all around to see the multicolored Christmas lights glistening with holiday cheer. Until his gaze took him to the Christmas tree right next to him. The shiny, wrapped, presents sitting idly beneath it.
"You guys don't have to pity me. It was my decision. And I would like to move forward from it." He addressed, "So, when are we heading out?".
Call it paranoia, or father's intuition. But to Steve, it was simply being prepared. Yet what was he preparing for you may ask. That's the issue, Steve couldn't tell you what for?
They had been a secret for these last few months. Well... since Steve returned. That it amazed the brunette for waiting this long. To Tony, it was one of the very few times he couldn't figure out what was going on.
Yes, I know the kiss is early. But I was wanting to go ahead and get the inciting incident out of the way, so that we could focus more on the story.
Steve chuckled and ripped the rope from his hands. Carefully lifting his friend up, they limped to one end of the tunnel, hoping to find an exit.
Before slipping into bed, she glanced over at Tony. He was peacefully dozing. It gave her a nostalgic memory of the night they conceived Morgan. It terrified her. As he looked exactly the same all those years ago. The house was now once again, dead quiet.
"Nah. I'll probably be here. Sitting in this exact chair. Hoping that with every sip I take. It is a possibility that I could actually get drunk." Steve didn't want his statement to come out desperate. But I mean who was he fooling.
He found the light switch; well-found is a stretch, he stumbled and fell onto it. Once the illumination of the main living room light, Peter felt a smile grow on his face.
The call ended. And Steve Rogers never felt more happier. Finally, things seemed to be moving forward for him. And hopefully for the better.
He looked to the room around him. It was a quaint and cozy feeling. 3 windows in total, covered the room. Two behind Tony and one on his left, opposite of the main bedroom door. The bathroom door stood adjacent to that, on the back wall, where their dresser was. The mahogany bedside table stood in his peripheral. Along with a muscular bare chest, where his arm currently was resting upon.
Clint and Nat did their best in doing CPR, but it was once again, futile. Bruce stood behind them, softly whimpering to himself. Behind Bruce, were a shell shocked, Tony and Steve, who looked utter distraught. It was both their fears coming true. They both just stared, at her lifeless eyes. Steve felt his tears flow, while Tony's eyes were red and puffy. However, Tony wasn't much of a crier, his expression was filled with angry tears. 'Why didn't I get here in time! She's dead. She's dead, and it's... because of us. We were the careless ones that day!' He thought angrily.
It had been so long since Tony recalled anything from that time. And truthfully, he was okay with it.
"It wasn't anything new, really. Just the same old bs from before." He answered softly, "Anyway, enough about that. Here, try this." Tony lifted a spoon from a pot he'd been stirring, on the stove.
And then, took her elbow and jammed it into the man's shoulder. The eyeless man groaned in pain, as he crumbled to the ground. With his companion taking a few more shots toward Widow.
"Just figured. The place seems lonely and confining, which is perfect for someone like him." Tony crossed over into Steve's bedroom.
"Hey, stop that! Come on, this isn't just your fault. It's all of ours!" Tony exclaimed softly. He let go of Steve's arm, feeling it was bit too much. 'This feels familiar?' He thought.
He huffed in frustration and put the phone on the table. Before taking a sharp breath, and began to rip the board down, and taking the photos off of it. He then, unpinned the ropes, and ripped the printed number to shreds, before taking the pieces and putting them in a pile together.
Tony awoke slowly. His brain running a thousand possibilities as to why he's currently in the infirmary. He began to sit up softly.
Some time would pass, before Steve was given the confirmation, to move his hips. A few more winces, and another painful moan followed his slow, soft, rhythm. He stopped again. Steve didn't know why Tony was still wanting to go through with it. It was obviously hurting like hell.
He gazed upon the team's amused faces, and Steve's soft smile. Tony felt his heart flutter again, in which, he proceeded to look down at the table. Who would've thought that the first thing he discusses today, would be about comfort. And right now, Tony's comfort was looking at him with an appreciative smile.
Each one slowly seemed more confused than the other. But when it got to Tony. He was looking to the super-soldier, as if he knew what he was about to say.
But nothing compared to Steve's car headlights as they shined brightly onto the home. ‘Calm yourself, Rogers.’ He thought as his car pulled into the driveway. His car-hood parking, directly, in front of the living room windows. Which barely had any glow to them. From what Steve could tell, the room was at least illuminated by a different type of light source. 'Probably a Fireplace.' He thought once again.
This time, I have no excuse! Yes it's short, and yes it's a day late. But I promise things we’ll get better. One more chapter of Tony, and then for a while; Steve, Nat, and Sam’s experience during this time will be focused upon. Stay safe!
The 'scarlet witch' felt her cheeks hot and blushed obliviously. She took a nearby napkin and blotted her mouth, before taking their plates into the kitchen.
"Well I plan to finally have some shut eye. Are you heading to your chambers too, Stark?" Thor asked politely.
Tony shrugged it off and headed to the kitchen to check on the soup he was making. He was stirring the pot when Steve entered the kitchen. He was taking everything in at once.
He sighed and gave up for an explanation. The many assumptions becoming jumbled in his head. The brunette just continued his gaze elsewhere. Now looking upon the half-built repulsor. He grazed his fingers across the familiar, cold metal. "Hello, Old Friend."
So he got up, found the showers, and made himself look presentable. Staring in one of the mirrors, he felt himself remember the night before.
He hoped that it would ease the situations climatic outcomes. It did; for a moment though. The team looked to their companions, in victory. The weapons were destroyed, whatever that energy source is no longer accessible. And hopefully, any Hydra agents left we're done for.
“And so, me and Natasha were talking earlier today. And... I think I found a solution to it.” His words were really struggling to leave his mouth.
It was buried somewhere under the constant drawings on the desk. And it surely had enough data for a simple call.
Steve nodded at her quip, and swiftly entered the building. Sam and Nat following close behind him. There were at least two catwalks on opposite sides of the room, which lead to smaller hallways/corridors that lead deeper into the factory.
“Then Peggy’s funeral, and Sharon,” Sam added. Realizing that the funeral, must’ve been a factor of that.
"I understand..." She croaked. Even though she didn't want to. She knew of his struggle to keep his relationship with Pepper, whole. But maybe her plan or reasoning for Tony to help, mostly comprised of his and Steve's past. A part of her wanting their past to be the reason he comes back to them, to Steve.
Steve gathered his thoughts quickly when he realized that he was back home, at the farmhouse. He looked around the darkroom, this time illuminated by the moonlight outside. His eyes then fell upon the now awakening philanthropist next to him.
Once the two men were back in Steve’s car. Tony felt different about his and Steve’s relationship. As acquaintances, as friends, as partners in a crime fighting league.
"Yes, Yes, I'm fine, that was just, a bit rough?" Steve answered. He let go of his nose, but his eyes were nice and red. He truly didn't know how that felt at all. All he could do, was smile.
So Steve, rightfully so, picked her up. Leading to Annie to just start kicking and screaming the entire time. Whilst scratching him so violently along his back that she drew blood in spots. The soldier ignored her and carried Annie up to her room. Eventually telling the young girl sternly that she'd be sitting there in the dark, with no privileges of any kind until she changed her behavior.
"Steve, I think I can say for everyone that if you mention one of your war stories. Everyone will die from boredom than hypothermia." Natasha remarked.
"Nothing, nothing. I'm just surprised the bed can you keep you up is all. Let alone what else happens in this bedroom." Tony winked at him.
Steve just held the man. He knew Tony was confused, and exhausted. And honestly, a good cry session is what the brunette needed. In one day, he managed to: stop shield's airship from crashing, save the world from an alien invasion, nearly die in the process, shun his girlfriend for wanting to comfort him; and finally, he kissed a man he had just met, only for said man to return the favor for Tony's own confused amusement.
Steve just kept his eyes on the window. When he was done gazing out into the night, he began to strip down. The protruding darkness of outside making it hard for the blonde to unbutton his shirt. That was the other difference he would have to get used to; the sheer darkness of living out in the countryside. Not having the lights of the city streets and surrounding neighbors giving a bit of illumination to his abode. The only neighbors the soldier had now were the frogs & cicadas.
Peter Parker, the 17-year-old Avenger, who was an acquaintance of Steve's and a personal friend of Stark's. Had heard about Steve's move to Virginia, almost a year ago. The soldier only met the kid twice in his life; both times on the battlefield. Yet, Steve always wanted to know more about Peter and waited dearly for the proper introduction to finally take place.
As they reached the bottom floor, they were holding their stomachs in laughter. They were certainly not going to hold back tonight. Finally holding their composures, the group got a taxi, and off they went. Slightly putting their jokes aside, they were hoping that they were wrong. As an affair like this, would be with epic consequences.
Steve was breathing a little more heavily now. His heart was racing. Palms were now drenched in sweat. “Tony... I... I wanted to... um...”.
He sat in his car, nervous. Just seeing Tony from the window, felt odd. He turned his headlights off, so it wouldn't look so suspicious. But I mean there wasn't anything suspicious about him sitting in his car, and staring at Tony through his living room window. No, not. at. all.
The crowds of people just simply looked upon the Avengers, and smiled. Others like that kid, came up to them and thanked them profusely. Of course, Steve was used to this so he took their gratitude skillfully. While Clint, Nat, Bruce, and Tony just seemed a bit uncomfortable. They weren't use to this kind of praise. But they still took the gratitude, none the less.
"Well Metal Man, I'm sure the Captain is quite tired. And is in need of much rest. I use to sleep hours upon hours after a battle." Thor responded.
Tony peered into the room and could see the soldier sitting on the edge of his bed, sulking. No lights were on, besides a tiny lamp in the far corner. It finally hitting the philanthropist that Steve trashed his room.
It was always fun to have these sorts of parties. As it gave the Avengers time to be normal human beings. And Tony's favorite of these events was getting to see everyone in their classy outfits. Natasha's dress, not surprisingly, was the most glamorous he's ever seen it.
However, when Tony retreated, it arose a fire in Steve's body. They did it. They kissed, in public! Steve suddenly felt an urgency for it to happen again.
Vision especially was fond of the growth. From their Tony Stark stylized quarantine days, to now; it really made Vision gain a close relationship with the maximoff offspring.
"I think we should do what we believe we should do. We could... either run with it, or leave it alone.".
Knowing that his presence was obviously no longer necessary, the super-soldier walked outside, feeling stupid, horrible, and defeated.
And Steve was so not looking forward to cleaning that up. But here he was, at 7 in the morning, lifting a few pieces of wood ripped from the barn's structure. The muddy, thick grass, wetting his boots and bottom of his Levi's. And taking the wood to the edge of the driveway, so that the sanitation truck could dispose of it.
"I... uh..." He mutters. His words were incoherent and he felt his throat get tight. He couldn't get sentences to form. All he could think about was Natasha whispering into Pepper's ear the mischievous act of him and Steve. And it made his blood run cold. He loves Pepper. He wouldn't do anything to hurt her. But he also can't control his urges either. When he feels something should happen, he goes with it. Natasha can see his expression of horror only grow, so she finally lets up some of the suspense.
"I- We understand that, Steve. But did you forget that I'm a billionaire. I could easily help you with that." Tony noted.
'I am Natasha Romanov, trained spy, and assassin.' She picked up a photo of them a few years ago. It was on the floor near Steve's open bag. Natasha's face grew a smirk.
His face was dirty, with a serious beard covering his once chiseled chin. Hair now longer and slicked back, with the ends kind of sticking out. He really looked terrible.
Nonetheless, each reality would be heartbreaking. He would be losing something or really someone if he picked the one that he wanted to return too. All of this was Steve Rogers’ mindset right now.
He didn't want to seem too hurt by it. Truthfully, because they could've only been gone for a moment.
Her thoughts kept her company, as she headed back to their motel and sat in Steve's bedroom. Of course, trying to hide the fact that she was slowly sinking into herself. Thinking, and thinking, she rubbed one of her hands around her aching left shoulder.
‘Cause if it took him a month for something like this? Then god only knows what else he’s been planning.
"Is it bad, Is it hurting you too much?..." Steve moved his hand from his member and wiped at the philanthropist's eyes.
Barely missing each, she slid beneath the bearded man, and kicked his feet out from under him. Nat quickly got back on her feet and went to grab one of the weapons. Once in her hands, it felt familiar to her. And that's what scared her the most about them.
He didn't think she's answer a phone call, that she didn't know so quickly. But then again, in times like this, if Natasha was given a call, she'd look into it.
"Really?! You too?!" Steve scoffed amusingly, "No, I'm not. Last night I was discussing with her about Tony, and me... well being me. I gave her an awkward handshake. Trust me, Pepper is a beautiful women, but she's not really my type. Additionally, Tony and me, would fight to the death if I did. And... we all know who would win."
The blonde followed. A little weirded out that Tony didn't seem too upset at the super-soldier's demanding tone.
But these flashes were now filled with Steve and Sam being tortured. Left hungry, and slowly dying from malnutrition and dehydration. But the worst part of it all, was when the flashes correlated to his vision. The vision that was given to him by Wanda.
"What... Oh no?! I'm finding this little trip a little intriguing. I was just thinking about... something." Tony lied.
And yes, you read that sentence correctly. Since that forsaken day, Tony and Pepper got married, and soon had a daughter. Morgan Stark was her name. And she was everything to Tony. Sometimes, even more than Pepper.
Tony scooted over to Steve's chest and rested his head beneath Steve's chin. The philanthropist falling asleep rather quickly, with the soldier not too far behind him.
Thor, a few years back, had left to New Asgard, and she hadn't heard from him since. Tony left with Pepper, but thankfully she's been in contact with them. Bruce has been a lot more distant and seems to be afraid to say anything to anyone at this point.
Yet the true desire of their situation was in their eyes. They were hell-bent on never wanting to look away from each other. Squints came and went, but their gazes never left.
But that wasn't the case when he arrived at his apartment, opening the door, feeling groggy and defeated. A day's worth of searching for a new place to live. Looking around to the space in front of him, Steve felt a ping of nostalgia hit him. D.C. may have changed a little since the last time he was here but thankfully his apartment hadn't changed really at all. Since no one had rented it out to anyone, in his absence.
"The caramel's a little too much for my liking. But, it's what helps give it a little kick." She joked but with no real emotion or heart.
Clint looked unamused. He wasn't dealing with Tony's deflections today. Especially about something like this.
Finally, one of the employees brought a half-assed version of a Moscow Mule. Tony thanked him, and sipped upon his beverage, like a kid with his juice box. Clint took a smile to this, along with Thor. They found it odd, but still quite funny. Only Tony would consider a drink at a time like this. Nat and Bruce were still trying to chow down on some hardly covered, cheesy nachos. Needless to say, Shawarma's would not get a strong review on Yelp.
Apologizing in advance for some inconsistent posting for this and possible the next few chapters. Once I get enough feedback from you guys, I’ll try to be a bit more consistent with adding these chapters. But it’s really because I don’t see any activity with my stories, and I usually feel more confident about writing more chapters, when you guys respond with your beautiful messages and kudos!
The basement itself was the dirtiest part of the house. Much to the dismay of Tony. If there was anything that bothered him more, it was a messy workspace. Recalling back to the days in the lab. He use to sit there, stare at a simple mess, and try his hardest to not do anything except accepting the fact that it's there. He surprisingly lasted a long time. Leaving the lab, happy and content, only to return immediately and tidy it up. Aside from that, the 'messy' he saw before him was an understatement.
These rules were implemented a while back, but we're definitely enforced after the July 17th fiasco.
"Well, sadly my friend, we're in the same boat. Most of my houses were either handed down to me or I built them. So I don't think I'd be that much of help.
The men then checked out the right side of the home. The major difference being the backroom, opposite of the kitchen, was a laundry area. The remainder of that side was a larger room than that on the left. Once in there, Steve & Tony noticed a side hallway on the outside wall, near the back of the room. It led to a smaller kitchenette with a screened-in backroom, separate from the rest of the main house.
He just met the kid a year ago, truthfully by sheer coincidence. But as he looked to his little fan, he could see him festering with his hands and feet. Seriously, didn’t this kid have any electronics to use?!
This was completely different from what the soldier was expecting Tony would do. He'd thought Tony would sleep facing away from him, ever so sliding closer and closer to the edge just so that he wasn't near the blonde. Even so, Steve had thought the brunet would damn near sleep on the floor. It did make the super-soldier feel a sense of hope for their relationship.
The teenager thought it over and hesitantly agreed. It wasn’t until a few weeks of living there that she was beginning to feel comfortable. Since then, Steve & Ziggy’s relationship had definitely grown. So much so that Ziggy sometimes calls Steve, “Dad.”.
"I know. I promise I'm alright." He said, this time giving her an 'I'm okay' kiss to ease her suspicions.
But this morning, he wasn't under the bed. She softly chuckled to herself and headed back to the bathroom.
Steve lazily threw some more thrusts out, until subsiding altogether. He opened his eyes and stared at the sweaty mess before him, and realized he was looking at a pillow.
It was a lot to take in and to deal with, still. However, Kamala reminds herself, each time, that it was worth it. And that even though times were challenging. She had not only met her life-long heroes but helped them when they all needed it the most.
Regardless, a few days passed and by April, Steve finally had felt like he had a family again. And he sure as hell wouldn’t be trading them for anything in the world. He was, at last, comfortable with the life he was living. Even if there still was something, or really someone, leaving him
"Nah. Morgan was supposed to be with Pepper today, but she had something to do in town. So, she asked me to come and be with her before she gets back; another day for me, so. But I'm free tomorrow and the rest of this week." Tony stated.
Yes, the Ziggy character, and her backstory are based off the same character from Netflix’s Fear Street Part Two: 1978. I just loved her and Cindy so much that I just had to include them here. Plus it’s my story, canon was thrown out the window a long time ago, lol!
Standing there quietly with his thoughts, Tony finally had a realization of his issue. More specifically, his actual feelings.
Tony smiles at that, and stares toward the Stark tower, which has seen better days. "Well, since my penthouse is kinda... Pfft," He joked, while motioning a house of cards falling, "Does anyone have Fury's number on speed dial?".
As Steve sat in silence, Tony continued, "And from there we can get you involved with some local businesses, who need some aid after we brought everyone back. 'Cause, believe it or not, people are still having trouble with it.".
"Well you are swallowing your food, buddy. And in my text book that's cause for alarms." Tony added.
Another reason for the trio to get Tony's attention, was for him to know that they were okay. Mostly Natasha, who still felt a somewhat friendship was between him and her. For Sam, it was more or so, just for following Nat. And getting to flip Tony off, for making him sleep in shitholes for the past few months.
'How could you forget what you've done to them! To Tony! They've suffered... because of you! What makes you think he’d want to be in a relationship with you!' His persecuting thoughts where enveloping him.
Suddenly, its left arm was thrown in Steve’s direction. The tattered clothing revealing a hand with the fingers dissolving into solid bones, with pieces of flesh still attached to certain parts. The arm extended towards Steve. The soldier doing everything to move but couldn’t.
A few seconds passed, and they went right back into it. It was as if all their emotions, from all this sexual tension, were thrown into these kisses. Eventually, though, Steve finally pulled away softly, to see a calm Tony.
"Now take your old ass to bed. Us 'whipper snappers' will keep it down so you can rest." Bucky teased.
Steve was the first to stand up, and walk up to the bathroom. Tony did notice this and stared at his companion the entire time. He would follow later, once he heard the water quit running. And like a list of chores, he made his way to the shower, cleaned up, and eventually stumbled into his bedroom.
"Yeah! You never know who you would run into. And maybe I wanted to smell nice for our very overdue get-together today." Tony curved another smile that sent Steve's heartbeat into an irregular rhythm.
But he knew of the conversations that needed to happen today. Otherwise, Tony would go mad with ambiguity.
“He’s married, Buck.” Steve added defeatedly, “It would be wrong now if I even tried anything. And I don’t want to do that to him. He’s got a family, a daughter. The last thing I want to be to him is a homewrecker.”.
"Alright! Alright! Both of you!" Steve yelled, "Annie, if you had the doll last night. Then there's no reason why Tina can't have it right now!".
"Tony, I can't be the only one contributing to this conversation. I'm going to need to hear your side sooner or later." She continued.
Tony tried to protest but Steve cut him off. "Tony, I keep thinking about what I could've done differently. People died, people were infected! Not even that, AIM wouldn't be in power. Tarleton and Monica wouldn't have been in power. Everything ties back to what I did!".
There wasn't a day that went by, without the Stark family discussing anything that didn’t surround around Captain America, the serum, or Howard's plans for the future. Which is why, Tony felt almost a weight lift off his shoulders, when he finally told Cap himself, that he hated him.
"Well since you were stuck in la la land over there. I thought, and now am, checking the place out." Tony stated, "Besides, what's a run through the past without a bit of exploration?".
But he could've cared less now. He and Steve have finally taken their relationship to a new level, a new chapter, a new story. And he couldn't have been happier.
"You can not tell me that this place is helping you move on at all, Steve." The other two nodded in approval, as Steve took in Bruce's words.
It was midnight, on a Sunday morning. Steve had come to the apartment and the first thing he did was take a shower. He dressed in some casual clothes and ate microwaved Mac and Cheese. Reflecting on that day's events.
"Yes! I-Uh... it's about last night. Our... kiss and all. I think I know why I did it without context." Tony stated, "I believe I have a slight infatuation with you, as you remind me a lot of Pepper.".
"Well yes, I know that. But has he been acting strange?" He asks. Maria takes a bit of time to understand why he would care this much? They literally were fighting like cats and dogs a few hours earlier. "Why do you want to know, so much?" She persisted.
“Why are you here?” Tony didn’t mean for it come off as a little bitter, but it did, “You said you wanted to talk. So... about what?”.
“But, Tony I think you need some time for yourself. Go off, and take a few vacation days just for yourself. Do something for you and you only.” He stated calmly.
Once inside, Steve let himself be drawn to anywhere in the house. Yet, he ended right back near the sofa, where it all came to Steve like a dream. Everything about that night hitting him, like a dump truck.
Back upstairs in the science lab, Thor was discussing with Tony about how the 'stick of destiny' works. It fascinated Tony, and he felt as if he was a kid at a carnival. It reminds himself of his times with his father. Long hours in the workshop, sometimes without supper. Learning, absorbing, and thriving, off the knowledge he always cherished. Tony even chuckles at one memory from his childhood, that was more of an embarrassing moment than anything else. It catches Thor's attention. "Does this amuse you?" He asks.
Steve felt hotter than hell. His face was hurting from the constant shouting, but he was far from finished.
"What the hell?! You just stop by after 4 years, ask me to have sex with you, and then walk away?!" Tony yelled.
Why did Tony have to be immobilized at the moment? Did the universe really need to torture him some more?
Steve felt his cheeks get warm. God, he hated it when Tony would tease him like this. He never understood the philanthropist's usage of flirtatious innuendos before. Yet, as he got to know Tony over the years, he knew that it meant that Tony was comfortable being himself around Steve. And the super-soldier was fine with it, even if it made him feel a little warm inside. He doesn't even remember when these
They don't know when they stopped dancing. But Tony's feet were starting to kill him. And if he was being honest, Steve's were too.
Nat and Clint looked at each other confusingly, but they were tired. If Tony didn't want to confess, that's his problem. But it still concerned Nat mostly. She was beginning to like Steve. And even though he hasn't made a huge impact on her life. She could see his and Tony's mistake growing into something more promiscuous.
"He wants him and myself just to move on somewhere." Wanda addressed, "He is just so sick of having to hide me; So sick of hearing the gossip about us.".
He felt his breathing stop for a second. Now realizing that he's not wearing a top. Tony just stood there looking upon his half naked 'acquaintance'. Of course standing there like a stalker wasn't going to go anywhere. And his thoughts were starting to become jumbled. He came to tell Steve of his realization. And so, he sat down near Steve and whispered his knew discovery. He knew Steve couldn't hear him, but as long as he spoke it with him in the room. It was honestly just the same. 'Jesus, what am I doing?!' He thought aggravatingly.
Thousands-Millions of people, wailing, crying, and suffering. And they were the cause of it, not Thanos. They didn't fight hard enough. The Avengers did not avenge anyone.
Nat and Steve would head into the compound; after racing through the massive crowds of confused patrons. Each one bombarding them with even more questions. And instead of easing their pain with answers. They fled.
Steve then leaped a bit of faith and had decided to call Sam and Bucky. Noticing from before, that the two did not read his last text message about the move in general. He knew they were busy, but Steve didn't expect them to pick up. They were sweet, at first, before the two began to scold Steve at how stupid he was sounding with his excuses at not talking to them!
He too didn't want to do this to Pepper. But she agreed. Fishy as it is, she still gave her permission. But it's the one reason why Steve was terrified about going through with it.
Steve did as he was told, and picked himself up from the glass stained floor. More movement from the hallway.
"We need to just come clean about it to each other. That way, it will make us feel a bit better, or it will eat us alive, okay?" Steve continued.
Before the two men could protest, the gun went off, and the hydra agent laid on the floor beneath them.
Each time Tony would lunge for a kiss, Steve would move his face out of the way. He would shout to 'stop it', or 'no we can't'. But it fell upon deaf ears.
"Well... Alright Then, Thank you for understanding!" He cheered. As he gave the built man a hug. Tony's heart fluttered once again, once his chest met Steve's. So secure, so close, so comforting. Tony was seriously screwed. Why now does he develop feelings for a man? One he just met, and in the middle of another solid relationship he has with a beautiful, caring woman.
Even though a year had passed since Vision and Wanda's first meeting, and a few months since Tony and Steve's quarrel in Germany. Things couldn't be more doused in turmoil than ever. Even with the duo playing a supportive role in the downfall of the Avengers, times needed to change.
She was wet, muddy, pale, and her lips were purple. Steve instantly knew that her airway was locked somehow. That’s when Jenny spoke up and said that Annie had fell into the river and wasn’t swimming to the surface.
Steve didn’t know what to make of it. He didn’t understand why Tony was so sorrowful for bringing ‘it’ up. And then, questioning if they ever really found a solution to ‘it’.
Pepper remembers when they planned to buy the home. It was just after their honeymoon, as Tony was already looking at places to stay. He stumbled upon this beautiful place and instantly fell in love with it.
“Tony... I... know that you’ve been acting strange lately. Like stranger than your usual self.” Steve began.
"You know they say, if you stare at a women too hard. She can turn you into stone. Let's see who'll win." Nat joked. This sent some chuckles around, until Fury's and Pepper's conversation ended, and he dismissed the team to do whatever. Of course, now the team realized that there times of chilling would be short-lived. Judging by how quick, Fury was about leaving New York behind and onto other issues. Steve mostly was the one who felt truly saddened.
As he blew it out, he was about to finish his sentence. When he noticed Tony leaning in. Nothing could've prepared him for what was to happen. But it did, and Steve swears he wasn't dreaming. Tony Stark, The Tony Stark, playboy extraordinaire, was kissing him!
Mostly for him to know about the lead. They actually stumbled onto this lead, when Natasha and Sam were waltzing through the farmer's market and found a booth filled with just crates. Feeling suspicious, the duo sneaked a peek into one, that was surprisingly, open.
Once the party had ended, Kamala, Bruce, Natasha, and the rest of the avengers headed to their rooms for a good night's rest. But not before Natasha took a peek into Steve's room.
Natasha looked to her with a slight bit of concern before following it with, “Just remember to be careful with your words. I don’t need WW4 between Vision and Steve.”
The blonde was 'home' when he heard a knock on the door. He set his book down and opened the door. Mostly expecting to see Fury, or maybe even Wanda's face. Yet, there stood Clint, Bruce (slightly hunching over just to see the soldier), and even Tony, all smiling like little children.
More snickers followed till Happy found a leftover fry from the ground and hurled it toward Sam in defense.
Tony just kept moving his eyes from his wringing hands back to Steve's face. 'Steve isn't budging! Dammit, I'm going to have to say something!' Tony thought aggravatingly. He took a breath, and off he went.
And yet, it did. How could the Avengers feel worthy of anything after this? How would they come together as a team-If half of them are dust? What would the world need of them?
Kamala swore that she could hear a bit of defense in his tone. But she didn't want to look into it, yet.
Here it is. The final chapter! I’m so filled with anguish right now. It’s done, it’s finished! But we’re in the Endgame now.
Steve took Annie’s words in hard. He mentally hit himself for not realizing the obvious nature of her stubbornness.
Sam and Natasha noticed it, but ignored it in silence.  She grabbed the bread, and sat two pieces on a plate, ready for the toaster. While Sam took a bowl and began pouring cereal into it.
Steve, also, never understood why their parent's never allowed their children to come home either. Regardless though, he was just happy that these kids were at least getting a real home.
Even more interesting, each room along this side of the house, had a different exit to the front foyer, and the main & back hallway. The living room had a Pseudo, Three-Centered, Archway. While the dining area just had another doorway. The kitchen seemingly having an amalgamation of both, with the area surrounding the doorframe filled with sidelights as well.
A part of him wanted to keep it, hold onto it. Just at least for comfort, knowing that Steve is still being Steve. That he’s not dead in a ditch somewhere; not trying to stay away from his duty as a hero; not, forgetting about Tony.
"So when Hulk-buster scared me awake, and you were the first person I saw. It kind of sent a ‘spark’ through me. You just looked so genuine, so concerned, and yet you barely knew me. I mean, I know it wasn't Pepper's fault for not picking up. She was too busy watching New York crumble by the Diva and his band of misfits. But there you were, staring down at me, as if me being alive was truly a reward to you."
The trio had been following a lead with some illegal distribution, in a sea fair town just off the coast of Scotland. And of course, the main distributor was none other than... Hydra. What they were distributing, was still a mystery to them.
"Oh! See I noticed how determined you where to leave back there, so I followed you. And I'm pretty sure I have a clear understanding for why your heading back." She inquired.
He then turned his attention to the bathroom. The shower was going. Inside the foggy room, he could see his girlfriend's silhouette, behind the curtain, running water through her hair. 'Well I like where this is going.' Tony said amusingly. She didn't answer, she just hummed softly. The silhouette's hands were no longer washing her hair, they were near the curtain. Tony was smirking, ear to ear. He felt himself feel almost completely calm, yet prepared for something.
Tony just snickered mischievously. He took a few more sips of his milkshake before glancing back up at Steve.
Seconds passed. Natasha felt herself get angry. She was seriously considering cursing Tony, even in Russian. Yet she didn't. She completely understood where he was coming from. And like she thought, it was too much to ask him.
Tony looked at him dumbfounded. He tried to object his ludicrous comment, before Shield's men ordered them all back onto the ship. Tony and Nat wanted to reject, but Steve immediately just walked up to the officers. He was really taking this by heart. They all finally obliged and the ship headed back off the coast. Steve couldn't even look at Tony. He felt too embarrassed as he knew Tony was disappointed in him. But he wasn't. In fact, he was more concerned than anything else. 'I guess it's his turn' Tony thought.
Truthfully, everyone was so nice and paternal. Natasha, Bruce, Thor, Kate, and even Clint, were all welcoming and sweet. With the occasional argument here and there, as she was still a kid in their eyes.
With every sentence, the agent ejected from his mouth, Steve could detect a few words from each. And he pretty much found out what the madman was preaching.
"So, may I ask why you've left the wonderful world of sleep, to this part of the ship?" She inquired.
"Captain, I don't say this much, but if it wasn't for your guidance today, we would've been toast today. So Thank You." Tony swallowed the rest of his drink, before he gave Steve a comforting rub on the back.
Steve just stood quietly, chuckling to himself. The philanthropist almost looked a like a robot malfunctioning, with his vocabulary being all over the place.
The next few days were, literally, hell on earth. Two incidents in particular were the main reason for why. Firstly, Steve couldn't wait to tell everyone about this place. Only to be reminded, almost immediately, about the whole reason of why he was now leaving in the first place.
Luckily, Steve and Natasha landed below and were taking out some of the agents. Sam was able to land, but face-first onto concrete wouldn't be considered a smooth landing.
Once the trio reached the doors, the energy blasts now were mere inches from them. It was consuming the factory, in an electrifying wave of sorts. And then, it collapsed on it itself, almost to a small bubble. Which in turn, exploded in a blue fire. Sending the trio onto their faces. The explosion barely missing them by a hair fracture.
He was so happy that he and Tony worked some things out over these last few months. They may haven't had talked about certain issues for them to feel completely free of their baggage. But they were okay and were on good terms. Which, is where Steve wanted it to be.
But more were coming. Their footsteps clacking on the catwalks. "Come on, we need to leave!" Natasha urged.
"It's alright Tony, I know your confused. But I promise I will tell you why we came out here, once we get there." The soldier assured.
Steve awoke at an ungodly hour, his heart pounding irregularly. Breathing heavily, and soaked in sweat, he began to observe his surroundings urgently. It was pointless to begin with, as any lights weren't present at all. Until the neon light of the motel sign had illuminated the room with a red glow. There, Steve could make out the room again. Any feelings of claustrophobia or confinement were blown away into the night.
As she squeezed through, Kamala could see a chary Captain Rogers, standing alone by the eggnog station (courtesy of some Shield agent's dream to become a cook). So, in a bit of desperation for a familiar face, she made her way over.
And honestly he wish he didn't. 'Cause as she told her side, it brought back all those emotions with it. Steve shifted his body, on the hard bed, and stared off into the window. Letting Natasha's words, give him nostalgic memories to play in his subconscious.
"Well... I know... but I still have boundaries. And just because your morality no longer exists doesn't mean mine is gone." Steve defended.
"My feet are absolutely killing me!" Sam didn't really understand, as to why he agreed walking through the woods, and alleyways was a smart choice.
The two waited for the man to walk out of their line of sight. To which, he did. That was their indication to head into the, surprisingly unlocked, car.
With a quick spin around, he miscalculated the direction of the turn, and simply ran off the road and onto a dirt path. The car halting to a rough stop near a few trees covered in strands of Spanish moss. Tony cursed again when the two recovered from the severe whiplash they just suffered through.
As he stopped the car near a hotel, he picked his phone out of his right pocket. Instantly, he realized it was the burner phone. He flicked the head of it up, and saw the name and number already there.
"Breakfast is ready. I'm going to get Morgan up." He answered, before disappearing back into the house.
“I guess we are. Hope your up for a run. Just know I’m always-” Steve quipped before Sam interrupted.
Steve entered the kitchenette and began to wash his hands. Thankful that he had time to do so. It was the following afternoon, and the blonde was happy with the progress he's made today. With Peter & Tommy's help, the three men were able to get the barn looking good as new.
The Avengers are dismantled. If Hydra is back to its old schemes, then they'll need help. But, who's help? Tony surely isn't ready for a reunion, with Thor and Bruce still M.I.A. None the less, they needed to get someone's attention.
The two men released from their embrace. Which left Tony speechless, and a bit dazed. The soldier smiled once again, for probably the 100th time tonight.
"Come on. You can do this. We’ve needed to do this since Siberia. He needs to know, that I want to help him." He somehow assured himself.
The driver was about to continue his statements, but both he and the group had realized that they were close to their destination. As the taxi pulled up to parking space, the driver stated, "That'll be $35.56.". Clint grabbed his wallet out, ready to pay. He was honestly ready to leave the cab and just get back to the mission they were on. But it was Natasha's turn at speaking her truth.
Tony just looked puzzled at him. He really didn't understand Steve's insisting behavior. But for some odd reason he suddenly felt a bit different. Again another odd situation.
