After around 25 pages Sherlock heard a medium loud crash and his eyes went wide. He put it to something minor and went back to his book, before hearing another, similar sound. This time it was more like a persistent groan, or cry for help. And then he heard it, a loud gasp and another crash. He entered the hallway and listened out for more. Upon hearing the sound was coming from Atlas' room he entered his eyes darting around, taking in as much as he could.
"Dad," Atlas laughed before she looked at him with a smile. "Papa?"
"I love you too, Atlas," Rosie smiled before cuddling closer in to Atlas.
"Your my dad." Atlas smiled before leaning back into him.
Before everyone gets too excited.
"But I saved their lives Sherlock. They would have been dead! I was dead to you! And all you could think about was John and Rosie." Atlas shouted before she went quiet. The quiet things often hurt more. "And I dont blame you. But I was here. In my bubble with Redbeard."
"Oh John." Sherlock said as he came into the bedroom from the bathroom in his pyjamas. "Okay, okay, okay." Sherlock's hand went onto John's shoulder and squeezed lightly.
"Bloody hell. This is alot." Atlas said as she put her hands to her knees and hung her head, taking a deep breath.
"No, christ Sherlock, if your upset your allowed to be. You'rererere allowed to tell me, I'm your husband and I love you. And if not me someone else and you're allowed to
"Do you have a music shop close?"
"I know who you are here to see." She said kindly before reaching a hand out to take the girls. The girl with the curls took it before announcing her name.
"But you did, you should have had time to see each other and I feel really bad because I haven't even been back with you a year and I feel like I'm taking up too much of your time and you should be at home with Rosie, not here with me and you should be smiling and you shouldn't be crying and you should be celebrating Rosie coming home from school every day because she needs that and you should be with Sammy because his parents and sister are dead and we're his family now and the world is so cruel but I'm okay and you should just leave me alone to be here and I'm n-" Atlas rambled.
"No."
"Glenfinnan viaduct," Sammy smiled as Rosie giggled.
"Thank you, dad," She grinned before kissing his cheek then leaning over him to kiss John's cheek.
"I've got you," John said. "Damn it, it's been too long. We need to call an ambulance. Just to check everything's okay and they'll have stronger stuff to help stop the seizure."
"Doesn't matter," Sherlock said before he looked at Atlas and went onto his knees. "I've got you, duck. I've always got you."
"Am not."
"Yes, we are," Sherlock smiled before he pulled out the map. He looked at it in the light before he started walking and Atlas just followed on. "Come on."
"MYCROFT?" John asked concerned into the phone. It was unusual for the man to ring him at the best of times but it was even more concerning at this time.
"That's a good date because I can't forget it. My dad's the 6th." She answered before they made their way into Debenhams. "Also just tell me your mobile number right now."
"Yeah." Atlas said. "I was just worked up with Mrs Pertwee and all that sort of stuff."
ATLAS HOLMES:
"I do," Harry smiled before she too joined them and they went up the stairs.
"Yeah," Atlas sighed. "Thank you."
"You do know people cry when their happy too."
"Yeah," Sammy whispered before he shut his eyes before Sherlock and John exchanged a look with one another.
"This one." Atlas said before Mrs Hudson nodded, agreeing that it was the one she liked the most as well. "Older cats don't normally get rehomed, even though seven isn't that old, but still..."
"It's because of everything," Atlas whispered. "My dad knows everything and I trust him and I love him and I just...it's easy. We don't have to speak and I just need to know he's there. Somedays, sometimes, that's all I need." She looked up now at the three women. "He's all I had for a very long time and I don't want to loose him again and somedays I need to be with him and somedays I can be on the other side of London. It hasn't got a pattern."
Entering Atlas' room, John saw Atlas sleeping but mumbling in her sleep. Her arms and legs kept moving and he could see the strain on her face.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Atlas, I swear to god," John said, Sherlock taking half his stuff off of him.
"You and John haven't fixed things, have you?" Mrs Hudson asked, Atlas looking down to her plate.
"He's three years old, he has a lot of life left in him yet." Atlas said smiling at her dad who nodded before stroking the dog again eagerly. It was as if all of his problems had disappeared and he was just
going to give up on you." The doctor stopped and looked over to his left, then craned his neck to look behind him. He saw that her dads had woken up and were seemingly waiting to come in. Catching the nurse's eyeline he beckoned for them to come in with his arm.
Placing two feet firmly on the ground, and rubbing below her nose where blood had poured hours earlier, she rose on her feet. She gathered her soft blue blanket around her in a cocoon and collected one of her special items off her shelf. Now, on recollection, she realised that Sherlock probably didn't even know it was in her possession after all these years. This little blue nose called Whisper who had been with through it all. Small enough to fit in her father's pocket as a child, she would make him carry Whisper around so that when her father went somewhere, his smell was always there. To this day, the faded toy still smelt of smelly aftershave and Sherlock.
"Come on," Isla said. "Huddle. The heating's out."
"Ok." Sammy smiled. "Rosie?"
"Your seizures," He smiled. "We're going to have to see Thomas when we get back, okay? The medication is needing changed again, I think."
"Probably not, duck," Sherlock said with a small smile. "You could get better but it all depends on how safe
"It's silly." Atlas frowned, shaking her head.
"And she said something about an aura or something, does she experience migraines or anything like that?" He asked.
"Do they?"
"FND. Its a pretty rare neurological condition. It causes seizures, tremors, memory loss amongst other things. Those are just the most serious. And then PTSD too," Sherlock frowned as he looked over at her. "Sorry, I shouldn't have...I'm sorry."
John looked away as Atlas continued into the chorus. She was unsure if she should but she did, treading lightly.
"Your very pretty." Atlas remarked, looking at her softly. Tight black curls complemented her skin tone, with beautiful dark eyes.
"Rosie, sweetheart." John said coming to sit on the sofa next to Sherlock. "It's not something Atlas can control. It just happens."
his dad. But watching his mother's face fall as she realised she was still in love with his father, still attached to him after all he did to her made John feel sick. He clamped his hand over his mouth as he let out a little cry. His sister looked so bitter when they heard, like him killing himself only made her hate him even more.
"Okay. When do we have to pick Rosie up?" Atlas asked looking at him with big eyes.
"I heard that." Sherlock whispered, his eyes opening slowly as he looked at his mother and John. Wanda entered the room and sat by Sherlock's feet, John taking up residence in the bedside chair.
"That was a lie." Greg smirked before Atlas gave him a look. "Alright, I won't call them. Come and have a look." Lestrade said, before looking over to her friend. "And you can bring your version of Watson."
Atlas looked at Sammy.
"Not a mess. Just broken." Xerxes said, signing but also speaking with his voice.
"You need her on the case." John announced placing his hand on Lestrade's chest telling him to back up. He did so taking a few steps back before Atlas nodded in thanks before producing a hand infront of Lestrade.
"It is, to some, the best few months or years of their lives and for others the worst." John began, a hand gently on top of her head.
DOWNSTAIRS, John and Sherlock walked into 221 to the sound of music and laughter. The case had been a child, a dead child. They thought they could get there in time but it was too late. Seven and a half years old, female and dead. Before her life had even begun and John and Sherlock just wanted to see their children, who were alive and well.
"Book & Beans." Sammy said rising to his feet, Atlas catching up as they made their way down. "You been?"
"Ahem," John said with a smile as the two pairs of blue eyes shot up to look at him. "Dog walk?"
"Sorry." Sherlock whispered under his breath. "I'm sorry. It's maybe too soon, I just thought because we've known each other so long." Sherlock got to his feet and anxiously paced across the loose pebbles. "I really, really didn't mean to overstep the...the boundary."
PERIOD five on Thurday brought Mrs Pertwee. It was going okay, only Sammy and Abayomi in that class. Well, it was going okay till Mrs Pertwee beckoned Atlas up to the front of the class filled her peers.
"Thanks." John said, also smiling.
"Anything for another Holmes." Mycroft said before turning to leave, pausing infront of the open door. "If my brother ever gets too much, you are welcome to come and see me." Atlas nodded before the man she was growing ever the more fond of left the room.
"No. She's a brilliant girl and she loves you John. The way she looks at you and the way you look at her. What about Rosie?" Jo asked.
"This is why you and Sherlock win best parenting award," Isla smiled in the other room, John shaking his head as he waited for the kettle.
"Good. It seems we have an agreement." John Sr said, Jo looking on a little mournfully. For a moment John saw a flicker of regret and hurt - as if she wanted to try.
"Your her dad John. She doesn't care about all that. You've seen her birth certificate, you know her birthday, her flaws, her favourite food. Your my husband, your allowed to picture her as a little girl." Sherlock assured as he smiled into John's hand. "You even talk to her about things I find positively boring. And your here...and won't leave when your supposed to."
"An experiment. My dad and papa had been on a case the night before and came home and drank whisky and left the bottle out. I wanted to see if tasted the same as it smelt. And I put ice in it and the poison, well it was in the ice. Dad and papa normally take ice so that's what I did and well..."
"I said he wasn't my dad." Atlas whispered tears pricking at her eyes, she swiftly brushed them away looking straight ahead.
"I swear to god, Sherlock. If you've gotten another one of your brother's minion's to drive us to our new house, so help me go-" John said before he felt a calming hand to his thigh.
"I've never thought to call it that," Sherlock smiled before giggling like that. "John, you know, you're beautiful too."
"Is she okay? Is Atlas alright?" Sammy asked, flustered. He ran a hand through his blond curls and looked at Sherlock and saw that he was crying.
"No, that's not fair. We probably won't." Sherlock insisted shuffling in his seat. "Your getting married too." John slipped out his seat, and pulled the puffet up to opposite him. It was new, a buy of Sherlock's for Rosie to sit on or for John to put his feet up.
"Your hugging me." John said quietly under his breath, not aware that Sherlock had heard it.
"Yeah?" She asked quietly before stifling a yawn.
"MORNING Atlas." Dr Aduba said with a smile as he walked into the room. Atlas was sleeping on her side with Sherlock and John asleep on the sofa.
"So long as you don't tell your dad, I will thoroughly enjoy the chicken on my pizza," John said looking at Atlas who giggled.
"You can go out tonight, I can go find him for you if you would like to go out sort of now." Dr Aduba smiled.
"Sherlock." John tried yet again but Sherlock continued to helplessly trek the ground.
"What do you think?" Jo probed as she looked at Wanda and Timothy expectantly.
Again, I don't edit these!
"I'm scared Myc," Atlas whispered.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"He'll be here soon. He just needed to collect a few bits and bobs and I think he's going to being your jumper and some other things." Sherlock smiled before he rested his chin opposite her face on the mattress. "I missed you."
"Yes, I've made a pack up too," Sherlock smiled. "And yes, there's coffee in there."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"It's repulsive." A tired, deep voice said coming into the kitchen. Atlas looked up at her dad, John throwing him a look.
"I remember...who was it...Liam doing it to you and you had to fix it," Sammy said with a smile. "Man, that turned dark. Sorry for bringing-"
"Papa," Atlas whispered.
John's head snapped to look at Sherlock in realisation.
"Alright now, love?" John asked gently Atlas nodded before the dog, thrust his nose between hers and Sammy's headrests. "That's it Redbeard. You snuffle in Atlas' ear and cheer her up for me."
And then the second phone call came whilst Sherlock was settling Rosie back into bed.
Sammy's head rose from his arms before he got to his feet and made his way around to John's side and hugged him.
"I love you." There was a pause. "You know what else I miss?"
"He's written." Mrs Frobisher began. "Most of the students say that the attack came out of nowhere and that beforehand was gentle roleplay. I have been informed that the class were studying a play by a modern playwright and that the character gets shot in a confrontation with another character. Mrs Pertwee reportedly asked Atlas to get up and stand at the front of the classroom. Mrs Pertwee is then said to have told Atlas to imagine two fingers being held up like a gun and she moved closer, a hand was then placed on her shoulder. At this point, Sammy Walters (reportedly Atlas' closest friend) stood to his feet and repeatedly told Mrs Pertwee to stop what she was doing. Something along the lines of "you can't do that to Atlas." Mrs Pertwee held her two fingers near to Atlas' stomach slash abdomen and that is when the attack is said to have happened. Mrs Pertwee and Atlas reportedly exchanged some hushed whispered - one resource saying that Atlas called her Alison. Mrs Pertwee was then pinned and shoved into the wall a total of two times before she was seen." Mrs Frobisher took a breath before looking back at the men, John reeling.
"John. Me and your mother are concerned." John Sr said his eyebrows furrowing to cover his eyes slightly. "We don't think two dads is a good environment to raise children up in."
"I love you too, Atlas," Mycroft smiled as Atlas smiled back at him before kissing his cheek.
"It could be a long wait. A few days."
Ten minutes after the class began and her page of writing was being ripped into shreds.
"Its alright. I can get it when I take Rosie to nursery this afternoon." Sherlock said, his fiance looking at him with eyebrows that said
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"My body hurts." Atlas said into his shoulder.
"No, pretty sure I only have just the two," Sammy grinned before she pulled him into a hug.
"All over," Atlas whispered in return before sitting up and looking at him. "Don't make that face, I'll be fine."
"What else? We're missing something." Sherlock said as both John and Atlas peered closer.
"I'm coming, love," John smiled as he made his way over to where Sherlock was crouched down next to Rosie.
"What your dad said," John reassured looking up at Sherlock with a smile.
Sammy nodded once before looking back at his glass.
"Dont worry, Mycroft has Eurus essentially electronically tagged with some experimental chip." Sherlock laughed.
"Good."
Wanda leant down and hugged Sherlock as he attempted to shy away. Rosie recieved a kiss on her head aswell as a 'hello dear.'
"Thank you." Atlas said again.
Sherlock thought John would have at least told her that he mother was shot.
"No. It's not my story to tell. It's papa's and dad's." Atlas said quietly looking at the girl who now looked somewhat upset. Tears formed in the younger girls eyes, then suddenly dissipated. Her eyes going wide in excitement yet again.
"There are more things in heaven and earth." Atlas began, often reciting quotes when there were moments of stress amongst a crowd.
"Where are they off to?" Harry asked with a frown.
"Shave."
"You knew I'd say yes." Atlas said leaning back against him.
"Atlas," John said on the other side of the table. "Do you need to lie down?"
"An order?" John questioned, looking ip to him as he flexed his hand on the end of the bed.
"Where do you think those cookies came from at Christmas?" Atlas asked laughing, seeing that Eurus seemed to be smiling in return. They were nearly finished and it would very nearly be ready to enter the fridge and sit there a while.
"You can't, he's one of a kind," Sherlock signed before kissing John's cheek as he wafted him away. "Love you," he whispered in the older man's ear.
"Sherlock. I know, I know. Slow down." John said kneeling infront of his husband who's hands were cradling his head
"Alright, let papa serve it little miss," Sherlock said lifting her up and carrying her over to the table. She jumped into her usual seating place next to Atlas whilst Sammy hopped onto his seat opposite Atlas, next to Sherlock. John usually sat at the head of the table between Sherlock and Rosie.
"Sherlock, it was all Sherlock."
"Oh dear, we'll have to sort that, won't we?" Sherlock smiled.
"AND the patches?" Atlas asked with a smile, glancing back at the door once more.
"Your not." John said reassuringly, Sherlock looking at him once. The spark was there again, he wanted to. By God did he want to, he just didn't know if John wanted to.
"Okay, love, it's okay," John said, reaching his hand back too. And Sammy out an arm around her shoulder as tears began to fall.
"Where we going to?" Atlas asked as she fell into step with him.
"A bumblybee." Rosie exclaimed, excited by the little bug. Bee's were her favourite animal and always had been - thought everyone was certain that if dinosaurs hadn't gone extinct, a dinosaur would have been the favourite.
"Ok." Sherlock sighed. "What's wrong?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Me and dad have run out of our shampoo so I had to mix it with a bit of Rosie's last night," Atlas smirked before she looked back at the table.
"Why didn't you mention that the seizures had infact gotten worse?" John quizzed Atlas looked up suddenly, before frowning.
Atlas looked at them in surprise that they had told all of them and then she averted her eyes to John's parents. They weren't going to like this. Immediately their posture's tensed, his father requesting John to join him by the window.
"And what's this?" Atlas asked her as they stood watching a bumblebee land on a flower.
"Your going to have to stand up. The wire we are going to have to cut will be round the back." Mycroft said while Atlas stood up her legs shaking beneath her as John came to stand in front of her.
Eventually, once the sun had fully risen, Atlas glanced at her watch. The time read around 7.30am. That's good. Atlas thought to herself. I've occupied her.
"Well, that's because you are a Holmes who is now a Watson-Holmes," Timothy smiled. "Holmes is in your blood and both are in your heart. You are your dads daughter but every now and then there's a flash of John and people don't get that. People don't understand that."
"Sherlock." John said louder this time, the younger man still muttering under his breath. His hands running nervously through his hair, pulling at them. "Sherlock." He said again, much louder this time until the dark hair faced him. Now, he assessed the thin line for a mouth, the cheeks of tears and the fear in his eyes. "Come back and sit down."
"Oh kid." John said. He was half seated on the bed so Atlas sat in a position where she could easily reach across and hug him. She did so, both of them burying their heads on each others shoulders.
"You still okay?" Sammy asked as Atlas took out her phone to look at the clock. She noticed a text.
"Five names?" Jo exclaimed with a grin.
"That there isn't just a mother daughter bond," Sherlock frowned. "There's a father daughter bond."
"Where's papa?" Rosie asked sweetly.
"How's Atlas been?" Timothy asked with a familiar smile.
John nodded at that before following Sherlock upstairs and when they got into the bedroom Sherlock disappeared into the bathroom. And as soon as the bedroom door shut John began to blubber again. Great rafts of emotion through his core that left him sitting against the wall head in hands, ragged breathing in the middle of complete emotional turmoil.
"Yes, captain," Sherlock saluted with a smirk before he lead Atlas and Sammy over to the male adult jackets.
"Remember, they said they were going to the new house." John said, Rosie looking at him wide eyed.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Medication," Dr Khris said after some time. "We're going to have some new medication for her I think. And I've had a few ideas as to a groups of types we can use to seriously reduce the amount she experiences. And mixes we can try."
Again, not a doctor but hope this is close enough to accurate.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Instead of read a book." Rosie said quietly. "Will you tell me a story? About my mummy?" Her eyes went wide, giving the Watson look.
"John," Sherlock said again before he looked at him, the older man still sitting beside him. "I failed her, I failed her. I failed you. I didn't mean to. I promise I didn't mean to."
"Okay," Atlas signed and spoke with a smile. "We'll eat, finish this episode then head out. Do you want to come?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Let me, sweetheart," Sherlock smiled, kneeling by her feet. He tied the laces for her before looking at her face which was sad.
"Yeah," Sherlock laughed, kissing his hair again.
"It's what I always wanted." Sherlock repeated before he smiled at John. "Come." He said standing up. "We still have the lab and garden to visit." Sherlock took him down the stairs to the door to the lab and led him inside the big room. Sherlock smiled wide as he led him inside and he saw the big industrial tables. The walls were prepared with cork boards - pin and string ready for solving crimes. There were cabinets with locks for chemicals and various different bookcases and chests for other items. There were desks for writing stuff down amongst other things. John also spotted a dog bed and a seating area with science books for Rosie to sit with John whilst Sherlock and Atlas worked away. There was a fridge, microwave, oven, kettle and sink to best aid their experiments and John was pleased to see that Sherlock had already kitted the cabinets out with disinfectant and cleaning products. That was probably the biggest surprise of all.
"MORNING," Jo smiled early the following morning to see Atlas and Sherlock sitting at the table drawing diagrams and theorising. "Alright?"
And it was in this moment that Atlas realised that being a Holmes was going to get more interesting once Sherlock and John set up that instagram account for the family. The plan was to make it official that Rosie and Atlas were their children but that meant that the people were likely going to follow them. Publicity and such.
"You can do it." Sherlock sighed. "You can do it. I love you."
"Maybe. You know, I can take the rucksack if you need me to?" Sherlock offered and Atlas laughed.
Silently after sometime, Rosie came over and sat next to him stroking the dogs head. He looked at her before back to the dog and they sat wordlessly.
"Our baby," Paul said.
"I love you." She whispered her head on his shoulder.
"You guys are good together. You have another daughter I haven't met too haven't you?" Harry asked looking at Sherlock critically.
"They used pay as you go's under false names, fake social media profiles," Atlas said looking through the files.
"Still have a chemical problem. It'll probably be a late one again." Sherlock sighed, missing his fiance in that moment more than usual.
"We need her on the scene." Lestrade said determinedly as the female shook her head in disapproval.
"What if I can't? I don't want them to see me." Atlas groaned as she pulled her knees to her chest and placed her forehead against them.
"Bloody hell." John said, before looking back at the car that they had come in and seeing that it was infact a black four door land rover. John's jaw dropped before he looked at his partner. "Bloody hell." Sherlock didn't speak as the nerves rose within him and he didn't know if he'd done something wrong or everything right and it scared him. He let out a long breath and crossed his arms waiting for John to say something. Instead, he was greeted with a hug he didn't anticipate and a kiss on the cheek. When John pulled away, he saw his husband-to-be standing shocked.
"Daddy?" She squeaked with Jeff clutched to her chest.
"Yeah?" He asked, pausing his right hand movements on the lock. Atlas stopped. She knew what she wanted to ask him, but whilst they were standing outside a storage unit was maybe not the best.
Collecting some tissue, John came back over and kneeled down near her. She wasn't dribbling but shaking violently, her hair going everywhere.
"Porbably." Sherlock laughed. "Very, very probable."
Follow more of her story in the next book of the collection: "Fallen Kings and the Same Old Things."
"WATSON-HOLMES, we booked a table," Sherlock smiled as he told the waitress, Rosie swinging off his fingers.
ATLAS decided to stay downstairs with Mrs Hudson for most of the evening. They sat on her sofa watching some sort of Indiana Jones re-run - apparently Mrs Hudson had been a fan when they were readily coming out. Atlas had a mug of tea poised in her hand, the dog lying sloppily over her feet, Mrs Hudson on her right.
Atlas and Rosie arrived home to see an ambulance outside. They rushed up the stairs, the dog bounding ahead of them as they ascended. Before them an unconscious John was being loaded onto a stretcher, Sherlock looking flustered and concerned. Atlas analysed the cold tea and realised this may have happened some time ago.
"Sweetheart, you haven't done anything wrong," John whispered, kissing her cheek and resting his forehead against her. "It's alright. Oh Atlas, sweetheart, I've got you. Your safe."
"I don't feel too good." Atlas said quietly as they approached the ordering station.
"Okay. You do that." Sammy smirked before Atlas slowly drifted to sleep. "Sleep well."
"Well, you did catch his cheek," Sherlock said. "And his shoulder was aching."
"Yeah?" Sherlock asked.
"Now, Atlas." Dr Young said, brown eyes piercing hers. "I want you to focus on taking a sip from this cup of water. Can you do that for me?"
"I'll just sit with you. Is that okay?" Sherlock asked quietly. His behaviour was marginally different with family, caring and loving. Atlas gave a small nod before Sherlock stayed where he was, the silence engulfing them.
"She died, Rosie." Sherlock said looking down at her. Always so blunt, so harsh but Rosie lapped it up. Atlas shifted in her chair uncomfortably, eyes still trained on the book.
"Alright?" John asked before Atlas looked at him and nodded slowly.
"Most likely somewhere near Inverness. Maybe north of that or maybe slightly west. He bought a lair though, so I suspect we'll wait and see." Jo smiled, before reached a hand out to touch the hand that was resting in his lap. "Thank you. Both of you. For letting me and Harry stay with you on such short notice. You didn't have to and I know you have the girls and the dog and lots of ot-"
"Figured it out yet?" Sherlock asked, pulling Atlas out of her thoughts as they waited to cross the road. She shook her head before looking back again.
Screaming, she swiped the surfaces and cabinets of the kitchen. Pushing stuff off everything the case files. Crashing mugs and glass and paper. Flying fists and kicking the cabinets.
"God your quick," Harry said wide eyed.
John just nodded before he gave a little cough, time for a change of subject. "What do you work as Ruth?" John smiled to Ruth who seemed quieter.
"Are you still okay?" John asked quietly as he put a gentle hand out to her.
In unison Sherlock and John replied with:
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"What're you doing Alison?" Atlas whispered, Sammy getting to his feet.
"Sherlock?" John said as he put his hands out to the front of him and Sherlock helped him into the car. "I swear to god. This probably looks like you've abducted me."
"I went to the house," Sammy said after some time had passed. "Looked at the stuff. Don't think I want any of it."
"Okay. She is currently still unconscious and we don't know how much of an affect the alcohol has had on her system. " The doctor informed quietly. "I suggest you call other family members to see to your children."
"No," Sammy whispered before he sobbed again and Sherlock pulled him back against his chest.
"Do you attend school?" Mycroft asked as Atlas shook her head. She was fifteen now and wasn't long off being legally allowed to not attend, and plus it wasn't the right place for her.
"I want a hug," Rosie whispered before she leaned forward and rested her cheek against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her protectively as he had done so, so many times in his life from the day she was born.
"It was my fault, I should have told him we didn't need to watch the video-"
"Yeah, I forgot about that. Does it hurt?" May asked and signed.
"What happened at the end of that dad?" Atlas asked looking up at him.
"I have an email here from Mr Ingram." Mrs Frobisher said, looking over to the two men. "Your daughter's head of year."
"I don't care." John scowled. "You can't just do that." The older man took off after the woman, in an attempt to apologise. Sherlock was way out of line.
"Yeah, but...well..." Sammy stuttered. "It's everything. The music jam outs that we have. The society meetings."
Going downstairs they made their way to the lab before knocking on it, entering they saw Atlas peering through a microscope with her dad peering over her head, a hand on her shoulder.
"Papa," Atlas cried holding his hand. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry."
"Yep." Sherlock said, popping the 'p'.
"Thank you." She said, hopping up from her chair and going back into the kitchen to help her dad out with the next section of the experiment. Rosie had now come in with goggles on that were far too big and an apron, she giggled as Sherlock squatted down to her height. He gave a little chuckle as he righted the squint goggles and made sure her apron was on.
Xerxes looked over to Sammy, who gave a small smile. They had become acquaintances over that morning when they literally ran into each other. He'd said he was sorry, before noting that the dark haired, dark eyed boy was actually deaf. So he signed his apology, having picked up quite a lot of British Sign Language when he was younger. However, it had been a while and he wasn't sure he had gotten it right, yet Xerxes still looked at his gratefully.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I'm feeling really sick." Atlas said as she sat up. "And my head is absolutely pounding." She complained as she put a hand to her lips and saw the blood when she retracted her hand. There was a pause. "I think I'm going to throw up."
"Fruit or biscuit, Sam?" Sherlock asked.
"I was going to try a few B&B's. Just see what I can find." Atlas said as she looked at the man. She didn't like what he was about to offer, but it was probably safer than most places at the moment.
WHEN Atlas woke, it was the early hours of the morning, the storm still going. Her head was placed over John's heart and the sound of his gentle breathing and steady heartbeat kept her own heartbeat measured.
"Mhm," Sherlock hummed.
"Your choosing her, it feels like your choosing her," John said. "And we both should be choosing her but I can't look at her. Not right now. And I can't forgive her as fast as you can."
"What're you so smiley about?" Mycroft asked with a smirk.
"You called papa....papa...it makes me so happy when you call them that," Atlas smiled.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Is that a compliment?" Atlas smirked.
"You choose. There's a map in the glove compartment," Sherlock smiled as he turned on the radio and began tapping the steering wheel to "Turn To Stone" by ELO. "This is such a good song."
Sherlock looked down to the tag again and flipped it over.
"I'm not that old." John pouted, humour threatening in his voice.
"Downstairs," Sherlock said.
"It's alright, it is what it is," John said into the blonde curls on top of the boys hair.
"Yeah, is this okay?" John asked. "I think you passed out for a moment there."
"Well I believe a father should always take the time to remind his daughter that she is beautiful," Sherlock said pulling away and looking at her. "I love you."
ATLAS woke up to the sounds of guns going off in the distance at a deafening rate. Blinking her eyes open slowly she could feel the moss beneath her finger tips. She tried to push herself up but found her body was too weak to carry her wait and she felt herself fall back down onto the cool ground. The sky was dark, cast in speckled stars and she couldn't tell whether she was alone or with company. Flipping over onto her back with extreme effort she found herself falling and falling and falling and falling until she felt herself hit the ground again. Looking up she could see she was amongst some trees and as she thought about it she could feel the earth accumulating around her back and her head. She resisted the urge to cough as she blinked rapidly as she tried to flicker out of what she was seeing.
"Hello," The police officer said. "I was just coming to update you but I've noticed your daughter shaking in the back. Is everything okay?"
"And do you know why you don't know how to do it?" John asked with a quiet, unrevealing smile.
After much discussion with Timothy and Wanda the following schedule was arranged. Seeing as Rosie still believed in Santa it was imperative that they kept up the tradition she'd followed every year. In addition, Atlas would have to receive them too so that Rosie could believe that she still got them because Atlas was still a child.
"That's good. Rosie will need some air." John laughed.
"Being here," Sherlock said quietly. "She's hiding bits of herself to avoid arguments. She doesn't want to put a foot wrong because she's so afraid of making a big deal of things because she's scared you'll be disappointed, John. We're scared. We."
"Alright then." John sighed as they approached the land rover and hopped in, not before John had fastened Rosie into her carseat however.
WHEN you lived with Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson a normal day, was not normal. Most days were filled with door knocking cases that were easily solved, the occasional one leading into an investigation that would be handed over to Lestrade before Sherlock had the chance to tamper with any evidence. One by one the cases would come in, each one being more unusual than the next and then the evening would be filled with John typing the blog and Sherlock absent mindedly texting.
"You're allowed to be miserable," Sherlock said. "This is no fun, being here."
"Where's papa?" Atlas asked again.
"We're shopping." Sherlock smiled before he walked past the man with Atlas, heading for an early arrival at the checkout.
John slowly stirred, sitting up slowly on his elbows. He saw Sherlock hunched over on the bed, head in hands. The light from outside flicked through the window and around the room, illuminating them slightly. Carefully John sat up and rubbed a large hand up and down his back.
"Okay." Sherlock said, carefully reading his child.
She just looked at him, John applying more pressure.
"How do you want to get married John?" Sherlock asked quickly, his eyes still trained on the man in question. John blinked quickly.
Her fingers caressed the longing purple case as she unzipped it, carefully lifting the lid. Then, there it was. Her violin. The one Sherlock had given her mother as a present to give to her when she was old enough. Her mouth dropped open as she looked at the violin sitting in the case, her hands caressing the wooden instrument. Then she paused, waiting, thinking.
"Yeah, that would be nice," Sammy smiled.
"No..." John said. "Would you stay?" The older man asked with pleading eyes, shining in unshed tears.
"How'd you get here so soon?" Atlas whispered.
"Welcome to our family." Wanda smiled before Sammy nodded slowly and smiled back.
"Definately." Atlas agreed.
"But I'm not five," Atlas whispered again.
"Okay." Atlas said as she took a few steps away and Sammy cleared the path. This was how she normally got in, at least when neither of her dads were watching. Attention of surrounding party members was caught as she jumped twice before running at full pelt, vaulted up the tree, grabbed a branch before swinging her legs up, ran across, jumped to another branch, grabbed the one above the entrance to the treehouse and swung her legs into the treehouse and landed. It wasn't very high up but it was high enough up that she had to take a run up. Atlas, then grabbed the ladder and pushed it out, making sure to latch it properly on the entrance.
"Rosie's hungry and Atlas brought food so we're sitting at the picnic bench and having something to eat." John said before he himself exited the car before opening the door for Rosie.
"I only wanted to know who killed my son," Kirsty frowned. "But I suppose I did. I killed my son."
"What?" Jo said suddenly.
as they shuffled into the private room.
"They...they..." Sammy started but he just began to sob harder.
People often hated her and looked at her. They would scowl and frown at her. Call her things. She would just be there sat alone reading her book in her quirky clothing. She was ignored. Then she sat up and looked around.
"WHY do people get nightmares papa?" Rosie asked looking up at John and then expectantly at Sherlock. Both men struggled to find the right words.
"I'll call all the parents." The head teacher said before disappearing whilst Atlas continued to uncontrably seize on the canteen floor. Sammy timed it on his watch as he looked from afar, feeling helpless.
"I have to go finish changing her bedding," Sherlock muttered before John put an arm on his bicep, holding him in place.
"John. John, where are you going?" Sherlock called but it was too late.
"Do you want to visit Georgia?" John asked pulling away, Sammy looking up at him.
But if your reading, enjoy!
"Papi," Rosie cried. "We need you. Me and Sammy and Atlas need you. Daddy, daddy."
"Do you want to tell us about it?" John asked before Atlas stuttered a nod. "Alright then." He smiled. "You can stop if you need."
"Atlas," Damien said to her but she was already having a seizure. Arms up by her sides, John unsure what to do. "Just stay there. If she hurts you, you move."
"As husbands." Sherlock repeated.
"Alright," Atlas said quietly. "I love you."
I'm thinking of calling the house:
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"That's a good idea," Wanda smiled. "He'll like that. Now, my darling, I forgot to mention that I've already sewn a load of patches on my end. So you'll have, how many?"
"Yeah," She mumbled as she wriggled a little. Sitting down on her bed, John's hand went to her shoulder.
"Can...Can I call you guys John and Sherlock?" Atlas asked catching both the men's attention. "I'm not really good with all these formalities."
"Of course I can." Atlas said before she re-tied the lace of her right yellow high top, removed her royal blue corduroy blazer till she was left in her yellow turtleneck and green tartan trousers.
When they got home Atlas just smiled before she saw her dog and eventually, dropped to her knees infront of Redbeard and wrapped her arms around him.
but I also don't know whether to make it that the house came with that name or not.
"Come up here." Sherlock said going up the stairs at the side of the room, John following. The soldier softened as he looked over the banister to the kitchen area.
"Eh, who's this?" Lestrade asked his hand gesturing to the girl that stood beside John, tentatively. She was undeniably nervous at this encounter and she wasn't sure what to say. Oh yeah, I'm Mr Holmes' daughter, nice to meet you. No, that was not going to work, not in the slightest.
"Because a Holmes is picky." John laughed coming over with Atlas.
to replicate.
"ATLAS." Mycroft said, his voice scraping against her skull. "Are you ok?" It scraped again and Atlas blinked her eyes open. "You've got some blood around your mouth and your shivering."
Sammy facetimed Georgia daily and watched as she gushed about the wonderful places she had been creating in her head and requested him to sing her a song.
Sammy let out another sob before putting his arms around John and shaking in his grasp.
"What-what happened? What? I..." Atlas asked as she tried to pull the mask off and then her eyes met icy blue ones that matched her own. Soft and gentle and urgent and kind and...
"I'm not sure we have any space," Sherlock smirked.
"Alright." She said quietly, holding out her phone and preparing the sheets of paper inside her messy notebook. "It's about - well I'll let you decide."
"He said you were ill?" Sophie asked sweetly.
"I didn't mean to," Atlas whispered. "I really didn't mean to."
"Ok." Atlas said before she looked to the sky again, the stars reflecting like fireworks in her eyes. And then there were tears, her eyes flooded in helpless pools that she decided she would blame on the wind that was just starting to pick up.
"The hell haven't you told me about this before Sherlock?"
"I'm here."
Also, yes I'm painfully aware this is short.
"I propose a walk!" Atlas exclaimed, the dog immediately becoming interested. The tension in the air felt heavy and she knew she wasn't the only one. "Redbeard hasn't had his walk yet today."
"Are you alright Atlas?" John asked the girl sat opposite him as she kept her head in her book.
"Hello sweetheart," John said with a smile. "How are we today?"
"Yes, it's me." Eurus said with smile as she helped Atlas pull on a jumper. "Your ok."
"So you forgive her?" Sherlock asked.
"I am worried about your dads. They've had me fussing them. But, I told them to go home, have a nap and I'd sit with you. They're probably having sex right now."
"I'm so excited!" Rosie squealed. "I've missed Jojo and Harry so much."
"Obviously." John smiled. Atlas laughed.
"Because, it might push your teeth forward and then you might need braces, and trust me, we should try to avoid that one." Sherlock smirked.
"Yes, yes I know. But do you want to just do it. Go for it like tomorrow or the day after or on the weekend or something like that?" Sherlock asked looking over to where he could just see John's outline.
"It's just a recent thing. It's a fake case that Mycroft made up," Atlas said just as said Uncle appeared and took a seat opposite her at the table.
"Do you have evidence?" Mrs Frobisher asked, Sammy shaking his head.
"I know." Atlas replied as they turned over a bridge, now starting to reach the views over the sea. She looked at her dad curiously as he smiled at her. Before Atlas could formulate another question, Sherlock and her took a stop at a bench and looked out across the sea. They had not yet reached the furthest and final destination, but the view was spectacular at this point. They would sit here a while and then maybe continue on further.
"Okay, on three."
"When do you need it back by?" Sherlock asked, holding the keys in his hand.
"I think Ida is a lovely name Sherlock." Mrs Hudson said kindly as she took a drink from her tea. She'd become a constant in their lives and frankly John was grateful, they needed her in their lives. Actually, as Sherlock once put it, England would fall without her.
"Why are you speaking like that again? You sound angry," Atlas mumbled, staring at him.
"Atlas, you shouldn't be ashamed." Sammy reassured, rubbing her arm.
"Is it Peter? Is my son alright?" Isla asked urgently, fussing at Atlas.
"I learnt it." Atlas replied. "Now if you'll excuse me I believe the timer I set up for an experiment in my bedroom is about to go off in approximately eight seconds." Swiftly she exited the room leaving the three men alone.
"Wanna get you walking." Doctor Aduba smiled, walking in. "Need to get you walking and sitting. It might take some time but I want to check you out before I decide how intense your physio is going to have to be."
WHEN they crossed the border Rosie squealed in the dying light, pointing out the window excitedly whilst Atlas dozed.
"Sam," Atlas said against him. "I love you."
"Because your you...and through no fault of your own, you have been served a pretty big handful of rubbish." John sighed as he looked at her.
"Yes," Mycroft whispered.
"All that stuff laid out, I didn't know if I should pack it. She's really particular about it...well, you know about the school lunches," Sammy smiled.
She stopped and looked like she was going to cry.
Sherlock and Atlas filled the hour and fifteen minutes of time with mind games, chats and talks among so many other things. The dog had long since begun to snooze in the boot when John pulled up into the car park, when he stopped, out hopped himself, Rosie and Sammy. Redbeard perked up and ran to Rosie before Atlas frowned, disgruntled and looked over to John.
"My uncle," Atlas said, straightening up from John. "And then my dad and my aunt taught me violin."
"She's awake." The young man smiled as John came to stand next to Sherlock. They waited expectantly for the nurse to continue. "We've removed the intubation tube." Everyone's eyes in the room lit up. "But...there is still a long road. We have a list of possible outcomes that could possibly happen and I need to stress now that...for all that this is a step in the right direction...there is an unfortunate chance that she may still experience extreme stress. And there is a rare chance of death."
In the end the man was escorted out by the security guard and Atlas and Sherlock left contemplating and deducing the whole situation.
"You've been busy," Atlas commented as she leaned against him.
"Oh," Sherlock said quietly looking back up the hern lights. "These few days with you are the best days, I have ever had. And they have made me realised how much I am in love with you. And how-" Sherlock stopped and looked at him with teary eyes and angled his body on the ground to face him. "I will love you till more than the day I die. And it won't stop, even when I'm in my grave and all that sort...of...I don't know...weird tangent. That was going to be all soppy, romantic and sweet." Sherlock said sipping his red wine as John did so, both smiling into their glasses.
"I'm on my period. Just started and I've got cramps." She laughed before it died and she looked at the interesting floor. "You know, instead of both looking like confused puppy's you could've asked. I'd tell you. You could've asked the last few times aswell."
The lab was Atlas and Sherlock's thinking spot. The place where they weren't judged for jumping in their own heads and gladly following whatever rabbit hole or staircase they found. They were at peace.
PERIOD two, History, and Atlas found herself sat next to her new found friend May. A nice girl with a nice nature. Quiet but thoughtful. She reminded Atlas of a weird combination of Eurus and Rosie. Something about her settled well with the Holmes and she smiled. Infact, over the past two weeks she had been welcomed into a group of friends consisting of Sammy, Abayomi, Xerxes and May. And it was brilliant.
"Lestrade." Atlas said for what felt like the umpteenth time. She didn't understand how his brain couldn't remember the important things. Sherlock didn't say anything more before proceeding to put milk in his mug. Atlas had observed the way he was making his tea in surprise - she would have put the tea first.
"Stay with us." Sherlock said, surprising both parties until they realised that this situation was rather different to normal. "You might have to take the couch until we can figure out what to do. John's selling his house."
"We'll cross that bridge when we come to it, love," John smiled and Sherlock frowned deeper. "I know you worry about her. I know how much she means to you-"
"Tell him." John said as she pulled out of the hug and dried her eyes. She looked back at John for reassurance and he nodded at her.
The talk continued, Atlas sitting back down, whilst the gaze of her peers and teachers lingered on. And Atlas thanked her lucky stars that her pa, was one hell of a father.
"Goodo," Sherlock said with a smile.
"I'm Bi." John said on their walk home. "So...not gay." He laughed, Sherlock accompanied with a baritone chuckle and they looked at the sky. Something to admire in this moment of rare peace.
"No," John sighed. "But I love her."
"And Rosie, my darling," Mrs Hudson said, bending down to her. "Your wearing your bow."
Smile painted faces.
As they got in the van, the waved goodbye to the two men who had helped load up the van and set off for the new house. Atlas looked out the window the whole way there as she added details to her map of London that she contained within her mind palace - which was and always had been, a library.
"Okay, you'll be okay, just hold on, just a little bit, you have people who need you, you-" Atlas watched her eyes glaze over and her whole body go slack. "You..." Abruptly, she stood and released everything.
"Your not?" Atlas asked with a furrowed brow before continuing. "Okay. Well, they confirmed the PTSD. They think it's just funny wiring or something. So they've started me on anti-anxiety pills to see if they will stop them or decrease them to just once or twice a month."
"Yeah," Sherlock smiled as he got up off his chair and sat behind her. He gently took her hair in his hand through it and pulled the paddle brush through her hair. Smoothing it over and over again with a small smile. "Oh love, it's such a tangle."
ATLAS analysed the body, paced a little, pictured the scene in her head, solved who the murderer was, told the police where to find them, and was left at the scene of the crime with Lestrade.
"We are," John smiled. "Now, the truth and the whole truth."
• John
"Right, come on, food," John said before he pulled up in a car parking space and they all got out.
"Yeah." Atlas said quietly, leaning against him slightly. "I'm sorry I took the explanation from you."
"I moved." Rosie said quietly.
Lestrade had grown to very much like Atlas for her less abrasive analysis than Sherlock. Despite this factor, when she was pissed she was more likely to be harsh and rude.
"Atlas here continues to give me her very valuable input, she can stay." John said, before Atlas gave him the kind of look that said a hundred
"Daddy?" Rosie called as she looked around the kitchen and she turned the camera to rear view again. "Daddy?"
"I know," Sherlock said again. "I know what it feels like. Alright? When I was on drugs and...all that...I dragged my friends time away from their loved ones...and I shouldn't have done that. People were running shifts looking after me and I would have been fine."
With the sun came warmth which Redbeard seemed to wallow in. An unseasonably hot day was due and Atlas knew that Rosie would insist they play in the river outside. To any normal person she would say no, but Rosie wasn't a normal person, Rosie was a Watson. And besides, Atlas couldn't say no to the sweet smile and astonishingly blue eyes that lit up the room.
"Cases with Greg." Atlas covered smoothly, or she thought smoothly before she saw John's cogs working away in his brain.
After twenty or so more seconds her seizure began to draw to a conclusion as Sherlock let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. They waited with baited breath for her to come round, Sherlock clutching John's hand tightly.
"I am too." John said before tickling Rosie's tummy sending her into a fit of giggles. He himself laughed before blowing raspberries on her stomach too, making her laugh even more.
"Your a good dad, Sherlock." Eurus applauded as her and Mycroft walked in, keeping their voices down as Rosie remained swaddled. Atlas had fallen asleep against his arm, her red jacket contrasting Sherlock's black jacket. Sherlock smiled at them bleary eyed, somehow showing his emotions before his siblings.
"How long did I sleep?" Sherlock sighed silently cursing himself for falling asleep on duty. He glanced to his right and saw John sleeping, momentarily he smiled before continuing to scowl at himself.
"No problem, I'm here alright?" Sherlock said as she sat up. "I will always be here for you, Atlas. No matter what happens. I promise."
"Yes, because although you both came at a moment that I needed you and you both saved my life on several accounts and made my life worth living but you...you Atlas, your me. You are a part of me that is living and breathing and
"You were a cute baby." John remarked, rubbing Atlas' shoulder. "And you, Sherlock Holmes, there have been few times you've ever smiled that smile."
Sherlock came into the room and sat down near Atlas, holding her to his chest. "Your alright, your alright, your okay." He paused. "Sweetheart, just breathe. Oh, love. I'm here, I'm here. I know. I know. I'm here." Her body was shaking, her chest heaving to keep up with the sobs fighting their way out of her mouth. "I've got you."
"You do. You know you remember me." Atlas explained quietly, tears spilled from her eyes. "I'm Atlas."
"You know, I'd lost all hope of grandchildren." Wanda began, Sherlock sighing knowingly to her right. "Early on."
"Samuel Alexander Walters. People call me Sam or Sammy." He said before Atlas took it and smiled. That was a good starting point considering She'd read nearly everything she could off this boy.
"Hey," Xerxes signed to Atlas again. "Didn't you have an operation?"
"I'm good," Sammy smiled. "I'm actually really good. I'm happy and this is a pretty good life at the moment."
"We don't get visitor's unless it's Lestrade." A voice replied as something was heard bubbling in the room next door.
"I'm sorry," Atlas whispered.
"Papa?" A little tired voice squeaked out from the big open archway into the lobby. "What's going on?" Her blue eyes were sparkling in the light and her hair was all over the place. Jeff was clutched to her chest like he normally was and John just stayed there. He didn't know how to reply or anything. How could he explain something so confusing to a five year old when he himself was confused?
"I'm here to take your bloods." Dr Aduba said.
"Mycroft." Sherlock sighed as he drew his brother's name out the hat. Mycroft looked grumpy as his younger brother sat down beside him.
"John," Harry said handing him a blanket and sitting down next to him on the sofa, Isla sitting next to her, Jo in the chair on the end. John leaned against Harry gently, and she put an arm around him.
case yes," Dr Young smiled. "This is taking up a lot of her body, brain and energy. She's going to feel extreme fatigue at the end of this."
"Aww, you just called me papi," John smiled.
"This is Mr Thomson, remember. He taught me through primary school," Atlas smiled.
"I didn't read the email till today I promise and she hasn't contacted me in any other way. I promise papa I'm not lying, dad I'm really not lying. Please believe me, I didn't know. I was at the scene and now I feel like she's coming back." She paused for breath. "And I know she can't and that makes me stupid but I don't want my family to die. Not when I've never really had one. I don't want them all to be taken away from me. You have to believe me, I didn't know. I didn't know."
"Oh. She said she'd drop in tommorow." John said suddenly, as Atlas prompted her thought.
"True," Sherlock chuckled with a smile before he looked to Mrs Hudson. "The new house settling well?"
"Sorry,
"Okay, okay." John said trying to reassure her as her breaths began to get quicker and shorter as she began to panic.
"I'm going to do everything I can to stop you from turning into that." Sherlock reassured as Atlas closed her eyes, feeling secure in her father's embrace.
"Sherlock!" John shouted at him, the younger man reeling back. "Your supposed to tell me about things like this." Atlas looked to Mrs Hudson, then saw that the laptop was open.
"No flying knives." The voice said, before Sherlock put her back down on the table. "Make a knife shape out of countries."
"Grandma!" Rosie squealed excitedly.
"I don't want to," Atlas whispered before John just rubbed her back.
"Still got seizures?" Mr Thomson asked.
And from the landing, Jo overheard the conversation and she just smiled to herself.
"Well your gay so I don't care." Atlas retorted smirking before her face fell.
"John! Sherlock!" Sammy shouted as he entered the waiting room a few moments later, calling out to the two men.
Peter opened the back door and slid onto the seat with a smile.
"No." Atlas replied sharply, unable to trust Mrs Pertwee. "Even if I was, I have no reason to trust you."
"Atlas!" Rosie said as she fell over, scratching her hand. She looked at the older girl who paused and thought about what she should do next. Her instincts however were overpowering and she made her way over to where the girl was on her knees beginning to cry.
"Just tired and I want to go home." Atlas said quietly looking down at her arm. "And the amount of blood your taking off me is making me want to throw up."
"Sorry, I was just ab-" Atlas started before John shook his head.
"Yes," John said. "She's alright. Come on, we should go sit with her."
"I love you more."
"It's Peter," Atlas frowned before herself and Sherlock pulled off his shirt and threw off his clothing. "Papa, your clothes or dad's? Whose will fit better?"
"You look like him." She remarked before looking over to the living room behind Atlas. "How come you didn't think he was hitting on you?" She asked but before Atlas could answer she added. "Only every girl thinks he's doing some sort of flirtatious dance and not realising he's as gay as a rainbow on a roundabout."
"Thank you papa. For making dad happy again." Atlas smiled against him.
"Okay, yeah," Sammy said before he got up and left the room with Sherlock.
"I need the loo, I'll be back in a moment," John said quietly before he got up and left, just as his mother and aunt returned.
"Your the one who needed to assert your style." Atlas laughed before Sammy smirked in return. "We'll go to the big Debenhams or something. We start there."
Hope this was alright and I hope to see you next chapter!
"That's good." Rosie said, shuffling again but finding her footing. "I think I need Jeff."
"It's probably going to be another fortnight at best."
John thought.
"Sammy." Atlas warned as she noted that the car was parked haphazardly and that their was an unusual amount of objects in the boot. She knew they'd been placed there in a hurry.
"I covered some of the luggage in the back with some blankets," Sherlock smiled before he handed one to Sam who had Rosie sitting in his lap.
"Check my phone," Sammy said. "Password is 30610." He paused. "It was Georgia's birthday."
"How long?" John whispered.
"Jeff," Rosie giggled.
"John Freida." Sherlock smiled.
"She's just dreaming Sherlock." John reassured as they continued their story, Sherlock still keeping half an eye.
ATLAS WATSON-HOLMES:
"Has he been seeing anyone?"
"Will that stop you grumping?" John smirked.
THEY returned home late that night, Rosie filled with questions to ask her tired dad. Atlas took a seat in Sherlock's chair, knees drawn up to her chest with 'The Da Vinci Code' by Dan Brown perched precariously on her knees. John was sat opposite her, holding back a smile as he saw the blue flecks on her hands - the yellow ones on his partners. (Sherlock had been forced into an overall by Molly, quickly into starting so his clothing remained unmarked.) Rosie held up her drawing to Sherlock's face, the dog's head resting sloppily over John's foot. Her dad analysed the picture before handing it back and pointing to some areas for improvement, the young girl did so, face in thought.
"You, your tie," Atlas said, hicupping. "Your blazer, your hands and your shirt."
"Yeah," Atlas sighed. "They just sound...like really nice people."
"And?"
"Sorry?" Sammy asked quietly, looking at her expectantly.
"Atlas." John said kneeling before her, looking into her eyes.
"It's okay, love," John said gently, she looked at him before getting to her feet. He followed her. One deep breath and she entered the room making a bee line for her grandmother who was sat at the dining table and had an unoccupied seat next to her.
"Shhh, shhh," John whispered.
"Bless her," Damien said. "She's going to need sleep later."
"Why?" Atlas asked.
"You do have the capability to get it right. I think we're just both afraid of getting it wrong."
"A book. That's so cool." Atlas said in reply, ecstatic to have a writer in the family. Then her bright eyes faded as she noticed his face.
"It feels like years to me too." John chuckled. "And that's how much I love you too."
"Morning," The man at the checkout chirped before Atlas promptly found a bouquet of Roses which she collected before making her way over to the Costa machine at the side. Two Cappuccino's later and Atlas was walking to the checkout, and handing everything over. "Early morning today?"
"That was five but good," Mycroft soothed. "How's about three things that are green?"
"But how did she die? Why did she die?" Rosie asked impatiently before nudging John with her elbow.
"Good," Jo answered, her hair scooped back. "We've been packing and getting ready. How are you, Atlas? You look a little better."
"No, he chose the house." Atlas informed, surprised eyebrows rising from the other parties in the room. "I just helped him choose the decor and where to put stuff, the colours. That sort of thing."
"What are
"Atlas!" Rosie screamed back.
"Yeah. I'm going to adopt her. She's sixteen, but bright so they allowed her in the year above." John smiled, thinking about Atlas' face when he would tell her. He just didn't know how to yet, a conversation with Sherlock was therefore in order. "See? I just can't do the talk." John insisted again, looking up at the man pleadinlgy. He should just not have looked up because he was met with an equally pleading one.
ATLAS didn't know how she ended up in this situation, a few minutes ago she was walking down the street and now she was sat on her bed with a ticking time bomb attached go her torso. A part of her was praying someone wouldn't come into the house so she didn't kill them. Rosie had gone out shopping with Mrs Hudson. Another part of her was praying to be rescued and be able to say goodbye.
"What's going on with her?" Mycroft asked flustered as he looked around the room.
"Heading for..." Atlas said before spotting 'The Lunch Stop' where she had planned to take Sammy for lunch. "There." She pointed at the yellow, glass fronted building before looking back at Lestrade. "Don't call them. They're busy today with a few things."
"It's alright. I'm probably hard to love. I'm a freak anyway. But the first time I had sex was with him. Why is this so hard? Pathetic. No, go away. Freak. No, go away. Smart arse. Go away. Shut up, shut up, shut up. It was too soon. What have I done?" Sherlock said, becoming more distressed.
"Yes, good, now how about, four things you can hear?"
face.
"I'll do it," Sammy said as Rosie beamed at him. Rosie jumped off John's lap as Sammy wriggled away from Atlas who, thankfully was doped up on morphine, remained asleep. Sammy sat down in a chair and began one of the plaits. "Hair bobbles?" Sammy said, offering an outstretched hand which Rosie deposited them into.
"She didn't say the words. They didn't come out her mouth. She is not my daughter." Sherlock stated trying to convince the others, however it sounded more like he was trying to convince himself that it wasn't true.
"But it's still me," Atlas said. "Did I say that aloud?"
"What're you reading?" Timothy asked easing himself down opposite Atlas in the window. She looked at him momentarily before speaking.
"But it might," Sherlock whispered.
"Then you already have it." Wanda smiled.
"I love you too," Sherlock said, hugging her like John had before pulling away. He bumped his nose against hers in an eskimo kiss.
Sherlock looked at him expectantly.
"How about these?" Atlas asked, holding up a box of brightly coloured lights that were battery pack lights. This was good as for most of the plugs in the flat had already been commandeered in one way or another.
"Do we need to get Dr Aduba?" Sherlock asked quietly, looking over to John with worrying etching across his face.
"Right here, love. That's it. It's ok. Let it out." John said and Atlas could hear the smile in his voice.
"So," Atlas began as she started with a roller on the wall. "I believe a congratulations is in order Molly."
"Do you want to do that tommorow? Seeing as we're looking at the house aswell." Sherlock said as he rubbed at the young boy's shoulder.
"Nana Hudson got me it." She grinned before wriggling like a worm causing Wanda to put her down. The five year old's next target was Timothy who kissed her cheek and gave her a similar hug.
"Long name," Mr Thomson frowned. "What does it cause?"
"Which will all shatter when you turn eighteen," Atlas smirked looking at him, Sammy laughing.
"Christ, yes," John said with a smile. "I know she'll be fine but christ, we found it difficult but did no-one stop and think got one minute that she might just be tearing up from the inside? That her "transport" isn't working right. That she's she just wants to 'self-combust' as she said the other day before we left. She hasn't touched her fiddle and that's scary. She's so depressed Sherlock. I can't
It was the 29th of December - New Year's Eve edging closer and closer by the second. Mycroft and his parents had been informed along with Mrs Hudson. Lestrade had yet to be contacted.
"Suicide." John answered after a pause for adequate amazement.
"Sorry," Atlas whispered as he rested a cheek against her hair. "I didn't mean it. I promise. I love you. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it."
"Is it flashbacks?" John asked.
"What's wrong dad?" Rosie asked sweetly looking up at him.
But then he supposed they already were his family.
"I thought you were supposed to be drowsy," John laughed.
"Thank you, Sherlock, for making me smile," John said quietly leaning back against Sherlock, his hair kissed by the cupids bow and he smiled. The reflection smiling back.
"Do you want to sing your hair brushing song?" Sherlock asked Rosie before they started to sing together.
He sat and looked at her and tried to push his nose under her arm.
"I painted something for you," Eurus said before she went to the side of the sofa and pulled out a square shaped painting wrapped in brown paper.
Fortunately for Atlas she knew that she could persuade Sherlock to go to a space museum by insisting that he didn't know everything. She had heard John and Mycroft joke many times about the earth going around the sun theory and she knew that this was just what they needed. And as for herself? She quite fancied being an astronomer.
"Alright?" Mycroft asked and Atlas looked a little bit like a rabbit in headlights. "Okay, this time we'll do something else. How's about tell me five things that are red in the room right now?"
"Can - Can I go dark blue?" Atlas asked, looking up at him.
The kids all hopped into the car with Sammy in the middle as John opened the boot, the dog jumping in and put the rucksack beside him.
"Yep," Atlas smiled. "For birthdays and other occasions."
Together, they collected the dog lead and walked over to him. Excitedly, the dog sat up, his eyes going wide, ears back.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"It is FND right?" Lucy smiled quietly.
"It's alright. I've got you," Sherlock whispered.
"Why?" Atlas asked, tilting her head at him.
Maybe another trigger?
"They are the godparents you only met once." Sherlock admitted, before Atlas smiled against his chest.
"I'm a fan of your work, both of your work. The team." Leanne smiled, John nodding and looking over to his fiance who was playing with Billy. Rosie sat in John's chair, the skull popping up and making weird noises.
"Yeah." Atlas lied, having just experienced another heard day with none other than Mrs Pertwee. Sammy shot her a look as if to say
(See the end of the chapter for
"Inside," Atlas smiled.
"I know," Sammy smiled looking at her with a kindness in his eyes. "We'll tell them that we'll go, yeah?"
Sammy wanted to be a musician. To fill the ears of near people with joy. Guitar was his main instrument but he could also play drums, the trumpet and the saxophone. He could sing too and already had with his best friend in the whole wide world Atlas. Atlas was, in many ways, his favourite person and he loved her. Loved her like a sister, like a piece of himself. They were insperable and he knew that they always would be.
"Not good?" Atlas asked looking at Harry and then around the room.
"That's not what I meant."
"Yes, yeah. Thank you," Sammy said with a gentle smile.
"She's going to be upset for a while but going to Scotland, that'll be a bit of a drag away. She has lots to make her sad." John said before Sherlock disappeared into their en suite.
"I didn't mean to. I'm sorry. I'll pick it up," Rosie said cautiously.
And that's when Sherlock began to sing, softly and shyly:
"Your okay, duck," Sherlock rocked.
"It's your choice Sherlock, and I already knew that," John smiled.
"And that I'm bi." John smiled. "We have to be brave together but I can't be brave without you. You make me brave Sherlock Watson-Holmes."
"Yeah?"
"There not lies, we just never said anyth-" Atlas began.
"No, come here, my dear Watson," Sherlock said and Rosie walked over. "I'm so proud of you."
Rosie nodded. "Am I allowed?"
"Atlas," Sherlock said coming up behind her, slowly.
"Oh," Sherlock said, taken aback looking at Sherlock. "Thank you." The dog trotted along on the end of the lead that was clutched between Rosie's fingers.
"Atlas?" Dr Aduba said coming into the room, despite him not being assigned to her case.
"Yeah. That's nothing new to any of us." Atlas fessed up as she caught the laughter in her other family members eyes. "I'm just gonna say this now, I guessed, asked dad and got it right."
"She's distressed," Dr Aduba informed. "And she told me about shouting at the two of you to leave. You have to understand the mental pressure she is experiencing."
"I'm sorry." Atlas said, confused about what she had just said to her. "Your not the only one it would seem."
"I'm sorry sir, but unless you can give evidence of why Atlas may react in such a way the-"
"I love you too," Atlas sobbed before she lurched forward and looped her arms around his neck. Just as he was about to move, Atlas clutched harder.
"Great description but luckily Atlas will know where you mean, yeah, we'll see you there," John said smiling as he looked at Atlas who was bouncing on her toes.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Goodo," Sherlock smirked before Atlas cackled a laugh and he joined in.
"For what?" Atlas shrugged as she made her way over to John's chair and sat down. He wouldn't be up for quite some time and Rosie was sitting happily on the floor. She was around about four and was playing with some blocks of big Lego. Her blonde brown hair had yet to be brushed and Sherlock made a mental note to brush it for her. It was strange for him, but he found himself soothed when he cared for his best friends daughter.
Atlas held his arm and rested a head on his shoulder.
rubbish. This is rubbish. Don't @ me.
"Why do I have to be Watson?" She looked at him curiously, her head turning to the side.
"Don't be embarrassed, Sam." Atlas smiled. "You are a part of our family."
I think I like
"If you wanted to, I wouldn't stop you y'know," Sherlock said, looking up at his husband with a grin.
"Haircut?" Atlas moaned from the bed sitting up with her hair all over the place, face frowning before she smiled. "Dad hasn't had a haircut in agessss."
"Everyone leave. Incase it's the wrong one, everyone needs to leave." Atlas said whilst Sherlock frowned and looked at her in refusal. Slowly they all left except for Sherlock. "You need to go too, I can look in the mirror and snip it for myself."
"No shit Sherlock." He looked at his partner, before up at the screen of his daughter. "It's a murder mystery." John said, finally, the silence filling the gap. "You have to go to her." Sherlock sighed before looking back at John who was already heading for the door that would lead to Atlas.
Yes, I know its rubbish.
Her fingers clung to his shirt as she lay her head against his neck.
"My biggest fear just came true, Myc," Atlas sobbed as Mycroft kept her there.
"And I moved the table." She whispered, cottoning on to why her parents were keeping their voices low. Sherlock smiled before putting a hand on top of her head and stroking a hand down to her back.
"Yeah, course." Sherlock smiled as he pulled up a chair and reached put a hand to her forehead and placed it gently. Rubbing with his thumb, he brushed her hair out of her eyes and continued rubbing against her temple.
"My heads sore and I feel a little dizzy," Atlas muttered before John tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
"We brought some flowers." May said, opening a plastic reusable box of daisies causing Atlas to laugh. "We thought we could make daisy chains and have a society meeting."
The first person to be thrown the ball, was a tall blonde boy who had divorced parents. "12% of people dream in black and white."
"I love you too," Mycroft smiled.
"Alright." Dr Aduba said. "We also have another thing to mention. Despite your recent hallucination episode, we feel as a team who have worked on your case, that your further recovery would be better from your own bed." Atlas's eyes lit up brightly. "And we feel that as of Monday, you can be at home. However, I must stress that this decision has been made over several discussions and we will therefore require Dr John Watson-Holmes' signature to confirm that he will monitor your progress and bring you back should anything worry him. We feel that the poison is nearly gone and that the chances of any further symptoms other than headaches or occasional vomiting will be unlikely and should result in hospital admission. We would also like to note that we need to ask a rather sensitive question." Dr Aduba paused. "Normally, the changing of a dressing would be undertaken by a nurse but we thought we should ask anyway as you have a more than qualified person living with you. Atlas, would you like a nurse to come by and do your dressings over your surgical wound or Dr John Watson-Holmes? We reccomend a nurse due to the wounds close proximity to the breast."
"But your alive." Rosie said quietly.
"Were you embarrassed?" Sherlock asked gently before Atlas sobbed with a nod before putting her face in her hands.
"Papa," Atlas said quietly as he rubbed her back.
Atlas heaved again when Rosie came back in, tear stains streaming their way down her face.
"Yeah or "I Was Born In The Wrong Generation,"" Atlas smiled at him as they lay down.
"Papa." Atlas said sternly. "I didn't ask you to do any of this. The fridge will need cleaning out and Rosie and Sammy and Redbeard need to see you." There was a brief pause. "I miss Redbeard. A lot. But anyway, you should also see about going to spread your dads ashes. And speaking to the family court. Aren't your dads ashes supposed to be being spread this weekend?"
"I know, I should probably shave it soon," He smiled.
"I like you. Your nice and you smell nice and not disgusting like boys do." Rosie laughed as Sammy smiled.
"I'd agree with that," Sammy smiled before he looked over at Atlas with a nod.
"But I don't want them to," Atlas said sharply, looking up at Wanda.
"Oh, okay." John said stiffly.
"My aunt wants me," Sammy sobbed, John's head snapping back. "My aunt wants to take me. I told her no. I want to stay here with Atlas and Rosie and Sherlock and you and Redbeard and Mou. She keeps ringing me and I keep telling her we've settled it with child services and she won't leave me alone."
"Yeah, I know," Sammy smiled. "We won't go for long because we leave tommorow...finally."
"Okay." She whispered quietly, Sherlock's head snapping up to meet her eyes.
"Thank you Jeff." Atlas said looking at Jeff with a smile, before she stood and looked at Sammy.
"I wuv you At," Rosie smiled, looking at Atlas.
"I always look after my nieces." Mycroft said before hanging up and following Atlas to where they kept the spare single mattress under her bed.
"Yeah, I know love," Sherlock said as he looked at her momentarily. Atlas however, didn't reply and instead her gaze and attention was focused on her phone.
ATLAS resigned to her bedroom Friday evening, sitting in the quiet. Thurday, had been difficult - more "chats" with Mrs Pertwee. She'd spent a heap of time hiding away in Mr Fraggerty's store cupboard at the back of his class. There, he had assembled a work desk for her to use. Now, in the Friday night light, she was running through everything in her head. She thought her mind was indestructible but Mrs Pertwee had managed to break her down in four days.
"Daddy." Rosie said climbing up and nestling into him.
our song." John smiled, ruffling Rosie's hair. Harry and Jo were still sleeping, although they had heard the shower going earlier, so they were expecting someone downstairs relatively soon.
"Thank you." Atlas laughed. "For doing this even though I know it's out of the lengths you should go for the people who come through the court."
"No walking away, Sherlock," John whispered, before kissing his forehead.
"We'll cross that bridge when we happen across it," John said but when he saw Atlas' features sag and her eyes glaze over he realised that that wasn't the right answer. "Hey." Atlas looked up at him warily. "If you don't want to go then we won't push you, you can work with your dad or start with your music or whatever. Okay?"
"Will be okay, right now, I'm worried about you," John said quietly, leaning forward to Sherlock. "Hug?"
"It'll be okay though," Zoe smiled.
"He's been fine."
"Planning." Atlas said. "However, I was thinking I might put it onto OneNote to make it easier to read." She smiled at him before shoving the notebook back over to Timothy. Sherlock looked over fondly as Rosie watched his father draw a symbol and push the book back over to Atlas who nodded. He then stood next to his mother and smiled at her.
"Wh-whisky." Atlas whispered pulling off the face mask so she could speak.
And now it was made pretty certain that Rosie appeared to be happy enough to speak infront of Sherlock's family. Yet she remained quiet and continued to listen to the book being read to her.
Sophie scoffed before offering no reply.
"Tell me about it. Papa already has me booked in." Sherlock laughed as he wiped it again and Atlas clenched her eyes shut. "I'll get him to look at it this evening if he's not back too late. Okay?"
"What's changed?" Atlas joked before it died in the air.
"I think that sounds good," Sherlock smiled before John sat down next to him on the coffee table.
"Thank you," Sherlock said with a whispered smile before disappearing.
"You'll be needing storage unit number 456." The man said before Sherlock smiled and they were allowed through the barrier. Sherlock followed the signs to the section that they needed. More and more garage doors to add to the maze before finally, he stopped, deducing where 456 was.
"I missed you too," John said into her shoulder before she took hold of the dog lead.
"How's Jem?" Atlas whispered, her breaths were becoming raspy as they sometimes were.
Xerxes slung an arm around his neck and pulled him into a hug before everyone joined it and they had a group hug.
Sherlock rang for the police and ambulance in order to dispose of the body.
"I was gonna stop by one of the music shops in town and purchase some new strings. My E's about to snap." Atlas said, her musician intuition having been telling her that. It was about time she got a new set of better quality string's on it and she'd been saving to get some of the best.
"I wanted to ask when your classes finish today and your free period's start?" John asked.
I don't even knowwww anymore.
"Look at me, look at me," Sherlock insisted. "Your alright."
"Come on Ro," Sherlock said getting to his feet. "Time for bed." He offered an outstretched hand and she bounded over and grabbed a hold. Sammy got to his feet and walked with them. "Room?"
"We'll go home." Sherlock said as Atlas looked at him. "And we'll watch Cloud Atlas or something?" Atlas nodded slightly before brushing her tears away.
"HELLO," Atlas said into her phone.
"Yes, yeah," Atlas whispered before moving to put her head in Sherlock's lap. "And I've got a funny feeling."
"Sherlock," John sighed, rubbing his eyes with his unaffected hand.
"Get in Pete," Harry said leaning forward to look at him as Atlas shuffled into the middle seat.
"I'm guessing we ran out of shampoo?" John smiled, walking to the sofa and sitting down.
"Yeah, Soph," Peter chided before they were launched into yet more uncomfortable silence.
"Other animals have it too." Atlas added, Upper Sixth looking towards her. The head of year looking like she wanted to just go on an all expenses paid holiday to Nice and drink cocktails on the beach. Pink bikini's and surfboards.
"What do you mean?" John laughed.
"Ok." Atlas frowned. "That's good. I don't want them to be upset."
ATLAS gripped the sink in her private bathroom and looked at the mirror before she put two hands to her cheeks and forced her lips into a smile.
"I'll come with you next time." John swallowed as he looked at Sherlock.
"Well, have a good life." The woman smiled before John watched as she walked out the park. He turned on his heels and made his way back to where his family (plus Sammy) were sitting, eating strawberries on a large picnic blanket.
"A bank card?" John asked and Sammy shook his head. "How did you pay for fuel?"
Sherlock went back to work and blotted at the stain before getting the vinegar and applying it. It would be 10-15 minutes till he could but the powder on.
"Your hands and arms are jerking and so are your legs, I can feel them through the floor," John said to her as it started to get worse. "Come on, on the floor." He got out of his seat and stood by her. "Come on." Rolling her eyes she put herself on the floor then looked at him through hooded lashes.
best and bravest." Sherlock was slowly beginning to choke on his own words. "And so that means that I think he's going to be fine."
"An old man." Sherlock piped in from beside him before linking fingers with him on the table.
"Of course," John said smiling at her before kissing her hair again.
"That hurt?" John asked quietly and Atlas nodded slowly. She reached out a hand to John, who stood, sat on the bed and took her hand.
"Okay."
"That we are," Sherlock smiled as he finsihed tying off the hole and handed it to Rosie before getting to his feet. "Please, follow me." He smiled as he led them up the stairs and onto the music landing.
"Atlas, are you okay?" He asked urgently. "Are you alright?"
SHERLOCK wasn't home a week later.
"Look at me." Mycroft instructed as he took her hands into his. She continued to sob. "Eurus, could you kill the lights. Samuel, come over here."
"About a week and a little bit." Sherlock said and Atlas' face fell.
"Your hands are still shaking, Atlas," Sherlock said before sitting her on the sofa and wrapping her shoulders in the blanket. She frowned at him as he pulled up a pouffe to sit opposite her. "I love you, duck."
"We don't want to get the police involved."
"S'alright, hardly anyone knows," Atlas answered looking at her before she looked over to John. "And besides, the past doesn't really matter, my
"Yeah," Sherlock said taking out the box of salmon sandwiches with a smile. Munching on the sandwiches they looked over to the view, the dog lying on their feet.
Rosie tilted her head sideways.
"By kids, does this mean you are including Sammy?" Sherlock asked John quietly.
Rosie then launched herself at Sherlock, her head burying into him. She shuffled as Sherlock rubbed her back.
"I'm bored!" He stood to his feet, the dog copying him. "Do you want to go for a walk?" He directed towards the dog who sat and cocked his head to the side before running to the door.
"You do know I'm gay right?" Sammy checked pulling away and looking at him.
Not a doctor.
"Do you want to talk about it?" Sherlock asked in a very un-sherlock like way before Atlas shook her head.
"Well, we best be off," Atlas said with a smile. "Nice to see you again."
"I've got this weird feeling that's making me want to jump up and down." Sherlock said flopping onto the sofa.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"It feels like I'm home," Atlas said quietly. "Not that Rosewood isn't but..."
"Samuel Walters." He said presenting a hand and shaking hers before they all looked across to the others in their class. "What do you take?"
"Come on, Sam," John said getting to his feet with a smile. "Back to bed." Sammy looked to Atlas then up at John with a smile. Pulling him to his feet John followed him out the door. "Try to go back to sleep."
"Robbie."
"Thank you," Atlas said looking at them with tears in her eyes.
"Oh, love." Sherlock whispered rubbing her back. "I'm so proud of you."
"Okay," Atlas frowned before starting. "So, we'd been sat happy and then I ran off to get Whisper." She stopped. "And he'd been sat at the fire with this tartan blanket he liked so much. And he'd had a brain hemorrhage. One of those freak things that suddenly just happen and remind you how short life really is. And its something like 30% to 60% of people who have one don't survive depending on where the bleed is. I walked over to the chair he was in and I jumped onto his knee. The way that kids do. And I tried to wake him..." She sobbed in the gap and tried to contain it as they tried to shake through her body. "And his head just rolled and I knew. I'm not stupid."
"I'll forever need you Rosephine Josephine," Atlas laughed.
"She is most certainly that," Wanda laughed quietly.
"Alright, alright," Atlas laughed before she stood and looked at them. "Well come on then, I'm hungry." And then, just like that, she skipped off into the kitchen.
"No," Atlas gasped. "I don't want it."
"I'm sorry." Atlas whispered into the toilet before a small tear appeared in the corner of her eye.
"He's five," Ruth smiled.
"How come your okay with Sammy?" Risky question.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I'm sorry," Atlas whispered. "I shouldn't have...shouted...it was cruel. And I love you."
"Yup?" Sherlock asked turning around to look at him.
"ATLAS?" A voice requested as she pulled the duvet over the top of her head, hiding her face into the sheets. Tucking herself tightly into a ball she sniffed and heard the seat to one side creak.
"Yeah." Atlas sighed continuing to type away. "Tommorow I'm spending the day with Sammy and the others. Aba's moving."
"I know," John soothed, kissing her temple.
"Thank you. Now, we've got a job to do. So drink your coffee." Molly said, the normal softness being replaced with something akin to an army officer. Stand in line and do your duty.
"No, come on." Sammy said taking her hand and leading her to the door of the canteen. This was a big deal for her, having to enter the canteen. She didn't even like walking through when there were a handful of people there, let alone more. Too much to read, too much to see, too much to know. Her hand went clammy and Sammy tightened his grip as they entered. "You start to feel unwell and we leave, okay?"
"We'll go for breakfast when he's finished," John smiled before he looked back at his book. Atlas then, removed her own coat and boots and walked over to John. Sitting on the mattress next to his knees she waited for him to put the book down. He did so quite quickly and looked at her expectantly before she leaned forward and hugged his middle. Cheek to chest. "Alright, love?"
WHEN she woke next, it was to the sound of clattering in the kitchen and people moving around. John was moving underneath her, hand on her back reassuring.
"You red head," Sherlock laughed looking at his brother.
"Seventeen at the end of the year." Sherlock added, smiling to himself like a proud school boy.
"Atlas," John said quietly. "When did they start? The flashbacks?"
"I'd like to meet the man some day." John smiled, back before Atlas looked over to Sammy apologetically.
"Care and my mother," Atlas frowned. "She was abusive towards me and my dad."
"Uncle Mycroft." Atlas asked, looking up at him with diamond eyes.
AT the beginning of the day Sherlock, John and Mycroft did not expect to be sitting in a hospital ward waiting for Atlas to come out of surgery. She'd been in for around two hours as they tried to take the bullet out, but it was embedded deep. It was clear to them that they were trying.
"Come here, Rosamund." Mycroft said softly, squatting down to her height. She had Jeff clutched to her chest. "I know it's scary, hell, even I'm finding this scary, but it'll be okay. Atlas will be okay." Mycroft looked over to his brother who was checking his watch again.
"What caused it?" John asked quietly, coming over and standing near her.
"I'm just tired," Atlas said. "And I feel really dizzy."
"No," Atlas persisted. "If I stay standing then maybe it won't happen." She was holding herself up through Sammy and she squatted.
"Someone get the school nurse!" Sammy shouted before noticing as Mr Fraggerty got up from the teachers table. Carefully, Sammy removed her school tie and pushed her limbs into the recovery position. Everything shook and Sammy was pulled back by a teacher to allow the school nurse in. Just then, Mr Gardner turned up to effectively disperse the canteen crowds and block off the hallways. The friends stayed.
"Yes?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Your looking at them." He said smirking as he stayed lying down. Everyone looked confused before Mycroft sighed and ran a hand over Rosie's back.
"John!" Sherlock called downstairs after exiting her room and then he saw the mans head appear. "Come on."
"Put a pacemaker in," Sherlock muttered. "Then the pain meds have made her sick. Violently."
Lead through the hallways to Mrs Pertwee's classroom, Atlas looked at her watch.
Atlas smiled before Rosie crawled over and planted herself between the twins. Sherlock becoming excited for the chorus, he knew what was coming.
And back in the current, Sherlock found himself wiping tears out from his eyes.
"Mr Holmes! Mr Holmes!" A man was shouting at the other side of the aisle, running towards them. Atlas looked over to Sherlock wide eyed as they realised that he was a reporter.
"That was it. Virgin Holmes, Virgin, gay-ass, dickbrain, faulty tower. Bet your still a damn virgin." The man laughed, the woman beside him doing similar. Atlas however, smirked at that thought. You had both stupid and extremely stupid in this world.
"It doesn't feel like you do," Sherlock said.
"Nothing." He answered suspiciously as he continued on a different project.
"Yes." John said quietly. "Our little girls." Gently getting to his feet, he picked up Rosie off John's lap and lay her down in bed.
"John," Sherlock said again, his breathing starting to slow down as he looked at him. "John."
"Yeah. I'd need Mrs Hudson." John smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Can't be! Is that you Atlas Holmes?" The man exclaimed bustling round the counter to get a proper look at her.
"You're supposed to be in school, it's Wednesday," John said frowning at him.
When she realied where she was she looked back at John who was giving her a hug from behind and up at Sherlock who kissed her hair. She ran her fingers over a patch on her head where it had once been split open. There was no blood.
"Where's Atlas and Sherlock?" Sammy asked, looking at his feet, rubbing two fingers under his eyes.
"About twenty, twenty-five minutes," Mycroft sighed from where he was reading a book. When he did look up he removed his glasses and looked at the two men. "You two should go back to Isla's and sleep. I'll stay with her tonight."
"It's alright," Someone was soothing. "Calm down, Sherlock. It's okay." There was darkness when he opened his eyes. "It's alright. I've got you. I'm here now. I've got you. It's okay."  The person didn't touch him, but he could seen them sitting there. Short and smelling of tea and biscuits a-
"Don't say sorry." Sherlock said with a gentle smile.
John sighed, sitting back on the bench, legs crossed.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Different book genre to normal?" Timothy said sitting on the sofa near Atlas. She looked up momentarily and nodded.
"We haven't." Atlas said keeping her face unreadable as she had mastered. She'd been working on it a while, more since she moved in with Sherlock due to his ability to also read people. Unfortunately Molly's face gave it away and Atlas knew that.
as he placed his belongings just in the door.
"Yeah, course I am. You've done a hell of a lot for me." Sherlock said, smiling at her. There was a pause of quiet company and comfortable silence.
"I don't know. But we'll figure it out okay?" John said. "I'm here for you, I'll always be here for you...Okay?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Will you sit with me papa?" Atlas asked.
"Oh, Ida." Mycroft said sitting on the bed and gathering her into his arms. He rubbed her back gently yet firmly and kissed her temple.
"I love you too," Atlas sighed into him. "Let's go watch Gogglebox."
"That's why your having the surgery," Rosie said wide eyed.
"Yeah sure. What do you say to John?" She asked, putting her own arm round her dad's waist. "And when are you going to talk to him about it?"
He came downstairs a while later and sitting down on the sofa they hit play on the video, Atlas leaning against Mrs Hudson on the two seater sofa.
"Right." Sherlock said, after five minutes. The silence thickening the tension. He didn't know what to say. How to say everything without sounding rude? "And your sure?"
When her hand finally made contact with the wood she felt relieved. The time away from it was not that well spent and her fingers had longed the feeling of the ivory keys. Her piano was quite old so ivory keys it was, along with old wood and old pedal's. Then her eyes went wider upon seeing the sheet music and violin, her hands trembling at the thought.
"No matter what."
"I can't afford it," Sammy said with a shrug. "Nevermind."
"At, I'm your sister." Rosie said quietly coming up towards Atlas. Blue eyes wide with concern. Rosie put her arms around Atlas but that only prompted the older girl to shake her off.
"This is a good one." Atlas smiled before handing it over to him. He looked at it before nodding once, a hand to her shoulder.
"No, no," John chuckled. "It isn't a bad thing, love. It's a very very good thing. It means I love you."
JOHN woke up a moment or two later than Sherlock who was tracing the walls with his fingers in desperate search for an escape. Then in frustration he kicked it blindly before looking back over to a bemused John.
"Pa," Atlas rasped as Atlas sat up and swung her legs over the bed. And then she got to her feet, swaying slightly. "Papa, wait."
"I liked your playing more." She said smiling up at her. "It was pretty wasn't it?" She asked looking at Atlas before looking out the window. Sherlock and John exchanged a confused look as they went on.
"I dreamt I was here." Atlas whispered. "But the man, was here too. The man who I couldn't see and it was just a voice. And it grated in my ears. I was calling for you and papa but you didn't come. He did. And he said things to me. About..." She paused. "Sex. And I don't know where it came from and I didn't know what to do."
"Leave her be, mum," Harry said. "Me and John weren't attached to you and dad because well...do I need explain?"
"Maybe because I'm on my own side." She said before heading off down another corridor, Mycroft following on interestedly.
phase was lasting forever, but as Sherlock had reassured, Atlas had apparently been the same.
"Afraid." Sherlock said analysing her face. Shamefully Atlas nodded before looking at John, somewhat pleasingly.
"Go on then," John said knowingly to his husband. "I know you need to."
"You did," Atlas hiccuped.
"We'll pick up some sprinkles and then we'll show papa how to make unicorn cupcakes." Atlas said as she continued walking along.
"I do! Papa! I'm excited!" Rosie exclaimed, rolling off of John's chest onto the bed next to him. John turned onto his side, elbow keeping him up. Hand on his head.
"Alright. I'll...I'll try." Sherlock replied as he looked at her. Her eyebrows raised and she nodded knowing that it was the best she was going to get.
"Alright?" John smiled, rubbing his hands through Sherlock's hair.
Atlas collected her bag from under her table before she looked over to her teachers and smirked. "Oh and my fact was that, sulfuric acid dissolves human tissue approximately 0.345% faster than hydrochloric acid."
The letter read as follows:
"It's been a while, Al," Zoe said quietly. "Since we saw anyone."
Aba caught it before looking at Atlas who folded her arms over her chest and scowled.
Sherlock and John signed Atlas out and took her home after saying their thank you's to her friends and thank you's to Mr Fraggerty. Out in the car park Atlas hopped into the backseat before both men turned around in their seats to look at her.
"Morning, poppet," Sherlock said trying the word on his tongue before grimacing at it.
"I love them," Sammy sobbed. "Dad and Papa." Sammy cried, Atlas sitting with him. "And I don't know if I can even call them that."
"It's of Jeff!" She exclaimed laughing.
spot.
"I just, sorry. Oh shit. What have I done? I'm not good with all this. What happened the first time? No, Sherlock, don't think about the first time Mary-Anne was a psychopath." He said, pacing the pebbles, his eyes cloudy as he trudged anxiously.
Mycroft didn't stay long, he was literally the government so he had a lot to do. Promptly he left followed by Mrs Hudson a short time later who took Rosie with her. John had agreed that it was best for the kid to have a proper bed to sleep on and made sure that Molly went around every once in a while to check everything is alright.
"Sorry?" John asked as he looked to the neat and tidy woman. She had her hair pinned back strictly and she gave off a calming, gentle energy. John figured she couldn't be much older than himself.
"Yeah, sure." Atlas replied, looking over to where the dog was lying in the centre of the living room floor, a rope dog chew in his mouth.
"Since our cousin married one," Sophie bit out.
"Of course you do," Sammy giggled as he looked at Sherlock.
"I'll see you out." Atlas said as John and Sherlock gave each other a somewhat questioning look. She followed Mycroft into the hallway before the stairs shutting the door behind them.
"I dreamt I was there when she shot herself. I don't want to have that again. I d-" Sammy sobbed.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Slow down," Sherlock said coming over and holding John's wrist as it reached into the drawer. "What's wrong?" John looked at him but just pulled his wrist out of Sherlock's grip.
"Of course we do," Sherlock whispered. "Your a Watson-Holmes now Samuel Alexander Walters."
A while later, she looked at him.
"I'm tired." Atlas explained before she picked it up, stuffed it into a pillow case and flopped down onto the bed.
SAMMY'S guitar was a pleasant change to the sounds of hurting people who's brains were falling apart. Of families losing children. Of people losing their loved ones. Sammy's guitar cut through the pain and made it into something Atlas deemed somewhat beautiful.
"Very much for you to chose, m'dear." Wanda smiled. "But I feel like your Labour anyway."
"Love ya too, Harry," John smiled.
Atlas looked up to see John trying to get a reaction out of Sherlock and in her corner vision Mycroft was calling for an ambulance and the police.
"Right or left?" Sammy asked Rosie, looking in the rear view mirror at her. She gave a kick against her seat before looking to Redbeard.
She'd never slept that late before on Christmas Day and she didn't know what had caused it. Slowly her eyes caught sight of Atlas, who was sat on the bed next to the light, reading a book.
"I don't want to alarm you." Sherlock said as he looked up from his hunched over position on the bench. "And this is going to be the least robotic and most human like thing I'm ever going to say."
"Is she alright?" Sherlock asked suddenly.
"It's our money." Sherlock said, resting his forehead against John's. "That's what my grandparents said. Share with the one you love the most." Pause. "That's you." John smiled at that before looking over to where the piano was sitting.
"Northern lights," Atlas said as she looked at John with a grin.
"Sherlock." John sighed. "Everyone has it differently."
Atlas nodded.
"That doesn't help." John said, chuckling as he looked over to Rosie. "Was it the white haired scotsman?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"What is war like?" Atlas asked, looking up at John. He just sighed, Rosie still sleeping against his chest. Atlas nuzzled closer into his side before looking back up. "What? I just want to know."
"Soldiers! You made soldiers!" Rosie exclaimed, looking at him with big blue eyes.
He felt his body move, break things, slam into things. Felt his back hit a hard wall and his bottom make contact with the floor. He felt himself rock, his eyes closed shut and he could feel his breath on his mouth. The hairs on his nose were annoying him and he clawed and clawed and he could feel everything. Too close. Too much information. He couldn't process all of it. It was too much to handle. Too much to cope with.
"Dad and John are probably going to be mad at me for taking you out." Atlas said squatting before her. "Especially because you got hurt." No less, on your birthday. She wanted to add but she regressed from doing so. Rosie just cocked her head to one side before taking her wellies off and wondering into the house. Atlas took one deep breath before entering. She heard Sherlock practicing over near the window as she took her wellies off. Slowly she entered as she heard the conversations in the conservatory off to the side. She could face it or just go to the violin and play. She chose the latter.
"Your really early." Atlas said looking at the clock with a frown.
"Bitch, bitch, bitch." He seemed to mutter, before Atlas analysed his face. Teenage boy, uncomfortable family situation, divorced...shit. Dead parent. Dead sister. De-
"I want this to be like a music landing. Somehow we managed to get the piano up the stairs in 221B, so I figured we could probably do it here. We could put comfortable furniture and seating out. Have bookcases and drawers for music and we have all the natural light coming from that." He said enthusiastically, pointing at two, side by side sky lights. "John can write his blog up here, you can write aswell. Bring Grandad Timothy up here and show him all of it. Like a study."
"Dad." Atlas said quietly, Sherlock only taking her hand in his own.
"Sometimes pain meds make her throw up and sometimes just pain does," John sighed, looking at Atlas. "Are you in pain sweetheart?"
"What's happened?" John asked looking up at Sherlock fiercely.
"It's alright, John." Mycroft said as Rosie came to hug his leg.
"Alright then," Atlas agreed.
"A special man."
"John," Sammy sobbed again.
"Calm down," John smiled in relief as he sat down on the bed and Atlas saw his cast. She sat up from Sherlock and looked at John with a frown.
"But you can't see my heart. I think it's fully functioning though. At least I have no symptoms pertaining to that of an-"
"No, I know, I know, love," John said as Atlas began to sit up. "Do you need the bucket?"
"I love you," John said to her and she grinned against his chest.
"We don't share blood," Rosie said with certaintity and Atlas, sat, shocked for a moment.
"Good job I love you too then." Sherlock smiled before pulling away and getting closer to home.
"I had a seizure." Atlas quipped.
"Sammy. I said he could come Sunday, is that ok?" Atlas answered.
"So it is," Sherlock smiled before stopping next to an off licence. Atlas kept walking until she realised that he'd stopped, and, turning around she walked back towards him. "Here." He said producing a ten pound note. "Get some flowers and please get me a coffee."
"I love you," He said stroking both her cheeks in turn before she hugged his shoulders.
Rosie went into the kitchen and stood looking at the fridge quizzically.
"THIS is amazing!" Atlas exclaimed, looking at Harry who came over and stood next to her.
"Bye."
"Yeah, course I do."
"My dear. To what do I owe the pleasure?" Mycroft asked on the other side of the line.
"My aunt." Atlas said. "She doesn't speak much." Then she lifted one of the books out of the box and handed it to Sammy. "Its by my grandfather, I helped to edit it." Sammy's eyebrows raised before he smiled.
"Yes," Harry said quietly.
"It's alright, John,"  Sherlock soothed. "Don't speak. Okay?" He rested his forehead against John's as he blubbered.
So this whole story is pretty rubbish to be honest. Inaccurate to the characters, real life situations but it is what it is. If you can stand that, then hang around.
"Bath, remember?" Sherlock smiled, rubbing her cheek.
"We know." John said as Atlas gave a sob that she tried to conceal. "What're they caused by?"
"Holmes. Ida Atlas Elizabeth Holmes." She said, it rattling off smoother than it ever had before.
"I love you too." Sherlock replied, kissing her temple. "Now, we need to go to Homebase to get some paint." He started to walk away. "Come on!"
Within moments the three of them were stood opposite each other in a triangle. Sherlock was pointing a gun at Mary-Anne and Mary-Anne at Atlas. It had quickly escalated into a complicated mess. The pair in an attempt to save Mary-Anne had managed to hack into the system and get on the other side of the glass. There, they waited as they saw each other eye to eye.
"I'M moving." Abayomi said, Atlas' head snapping up faster than she thought it could. "To Dubai."
"It was so real and I didn't know, I'm-" Atlas sobbed as John rubbed her arms. Sammy sitting on the floor near her bed, reaching out to take one of her hands.
As she had said she would, Atlas collected Rosie and together they went to the airing cupboard and got out the new bedding.
"It's alright," Sammy said before they crawled forward a bit more. "How can Inverness be this busy?"
"I'll pay you back." Sammy said as he pulled out of the fuel stop and back onto the main road.
"He lost his job," Atlas mumbled. "Because he was with me."
"I understand your attending college this up coming year. What's it in?" Wanda smiled.
Their last period was a study and he assembled the remaining four of them and they darted off to different teachers. Slipping into idle gossip they tried to see if they could extract information on the woman, if anyone had something to say about her and everything they found out was catalogued in the group chat.
"Are you okay?" Sherlock asked, turning to look at her properly.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Sammy muttered repetitively.
"Yep?" She asked bouncing over.
"Now, if we are done playing children's games-" Sherlock began but then the speaker spoke.
"You want John, don't you?" Mycroft said as Atlas nodded.
"No problem," Isla chirped. "Sherlock, would you like anything?"
"They can't get her down to sleep. She says she has something for Atlas but won't show them what it is." Sherlock sighed rubbing his hands over his face. "Twenty two minutes."
"Lovely to see you too." Wanda replies. Of course Sherlock hadn't told her that he would be joining him in his travels back to his parents but she already knew. She'd already laid places for him and Rosie, his arrival was expected. She knew in herself about her son living in the closet so to speak - both herself and Timothy had known for years.
"I know Lestrade already told you both. Spectator at a dead child crime scene." Atlas said quietly, before attempting to remove her jacket. It getting stuck on her arms.
"Yes. Will you help me get dressed?" Rosie asked sweetly.
"No!" Atlas screamed, hitting her head with her bloodied hands. "Fuck off! This isn't real! Fuck off! Piss off! No! Get off!" She was sobbing now and it felt like the ground was swallowing her whole. Eating and tearing her apart and eating and driving the very-
"Yes," Sherlock said before closing his eyes again. "Your a more motherly influence. I'm a more fatherly. I think. Stereotypically, fathers are like big kids. Let them stay up late, eat too much sugar, play chase and zombies and let them do stupid shit. Mothers don't. But mother's are the people who you hug when your sad and who give you money and who you apply to uni's with and ask for help with homework. We do a bit of both but I think that's the way it's split. Ask Sam and Atlas in the morning. Don't ask Ro, she's clever but I don't know if the question will make sense to her because she knows no different to having two dad's so she assumes that's the way we're supposed to behave. Sam's had the experience of both. Atlas has had the experience of all."
"Sammy's right. Rosie should come," John sighed.
"DO you want to come and lie on your dad's side?" John asked as Atlas put her temple against the cool table. She had just finished some soup and her head was bouncing.
it had a bath and a shower -
"By that, what are you implying?" Sherlock asked smirking as he looked at John.
"Who gives those?"
"ADD Italy here, Sweden, Norway." She said as a pair of scissors were dropped through the ceiling onto the table. She looked at Sherlock before nodding as they assembled a look a like knife.
"I know, Sherlock," John said, trying to keep his cool. The people in the waiting room were beginning to look at them.
"So come on then." John laughed as he looked over to Rosie then Atlas. "What do I look like?"
Atlas stood from her position and wrote a list of people to give cookies to for christmas.
Once he was gone John put a hand over his eyes and gripped the edge of the island before he regained his composure and began to climb the stairs, Atlas' medicine in hand and a small glass of water. The early lark was normally up before the worms as he knocked lightly. Entering he saw Atlas, supposedly sleeping with the duvet all tucked up next to her chest. He could see Whisper clutched near her nose and he frowned.
"It's alright." She replied, before filling the kettle and switching it on. "I'm fifty pages off." The book was waggled in the air before being dropped down onto the bench again as the kettle boiled.
WHEN Atlas did wake up, it was to her dad. Who should be at home...according to Mycroft anyway.
"You two are avoiding the question." Wanda said sternly looking over to John who shrugged in response.
"Don't be sorry, mum," John smiled. "It's alright." Just as Rosie crawled into her lap and kissed Jo's cheek. "Good girl." John comforted before looking back at Atlas. Sherlock was rocking again. "Sherlock." He reached out a hand. "It's alright."
"You say he's from here?" She asked with a smile.
"You just said mum aloud and few people still type letters. Our post was later than usual, you sighed midway through your letter, cursed aloud, appeared to be mildly distressed and daunted." Atlas explained. "Or you could just take the explanation that she rang the house yesterday while everyone was out. I only listened for a while and I figured it was her due to the mobile number and the request for John Hamish Watson, and not everyone knows your middle name. It's not like you tell them."
SHERLOCK looked over the files some more before Rosie shrieked as a buzz happened.
Mr Fraggerty came back in, phones swiftly hidden.
"Your beautiful," John said to his husband before Sherlock looked at him with a smile. Shuffling on the wooden floor with a smirk he got closer to John. They were sat with their backs against the sofa looking up at the sky through the glass of their rented mountain hut.  "You are so bloody beautiful it hurts."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Ro." Atlas said, the name she had chosen adequately suiting in her humble opinion. Sherlock used it and now she did too, thinking it was nice. "Ro. Rosebud. Its us."
"Neuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction." Mycroft said before he looked over to his left, another pathway being revealed. He exchanged a look with his sister before they headed down the route. "We're in the Vault."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Holmes." The man said as he reappeared. "Can I see your drivers driver's license please?" Sherlock took his wallet out and pulled out his driver's license, paper knocking to the floor. Atlas stopped and collected it. Looking at the photo that was printed.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Dad," Atlas said sharply before hugging him tightly. "Its not." Sammy came over and joined the hug, Sherlock thankful for the bodies to hide in as tears fell from his eyes. "Dad."
Rosie climbed into Isla's lap and her eyes began to close aswell, Jeff cuddled to her chest.
"So." Sherlock said placing his violin in his case, the bow neatly being unwound and put on the top.
"OK," Atlas smiled. "Sounds good."
"We want you to try out at a sixth form college somewhere when Rosie starts Reception in the summer." John said, Atlas dropping the fork onto her plate, it clanking loudly. She stared wide eyed at both men, looking mildly betrayed.
"I'll transfer you money from my account John." Sherlock smiled.
"Yeah. 'Course it is." Sherlock mumbled from where he was supposedly sleeping restfully.
"She yours?" A lady asked as she sidled up next to him as he watched Atlas disappear.
The people around them were confused. They had heard of Sherlock Holmes but who was this mystery girl going around with him. Speculation had led to the public learning that he was gay, then came the blog note about the engagement. But the two men were always so careful not to involve their children. They didn't want speculation to follow them too.
"Hey, hey Atlas. Look at me. Just breathe. Just breathe." A familiar voice said as she felt cold hands place either side of her face. "I think you just had a seizure." The voice was kind, the voice was-
Thank you for the support.
"Yes and I'm Santa Claus," Sherlock said with a smirk in his voice.
"Papa," Atlas whispered as he clamped his hand either side of his face.
"You know." Mycroft said, Eurus rolling her eyes as she realised he was about to begin wittering again. "You'd be good as a quadruple agent, maybe pentuple or maybe sextuple."
"Tea." She sighed, hanging her jacket over the back of the armchair. Sherlock said to be at the address he'd texted by 9:30am so they had a bit of time. "How are you?" Molly asked, looking up at him as she accepted her black tea.
"Look Jeff!" Rosie exclaimed to her toy as she witnessed a shooting star.
"Makes sense," Jo smiled.
"James," Sherlock finished with a gentle smile as he met her eyes. "I'd have liked to meet him."
"I love you."
"We will come back to it," Sherlock grinned. "Yeah?"
"I don't know," Sherlock replied and replaced his chin.
"I don't like to see you in pain, Atlas," Sherlock said softly. "I never do."
"Atlas, love, what is it?" John asked when he'd finished his sandwich. "You just needing a bit of love or something?"
"Getting the food," Atlas smiled. "We just needed to lay the table which we've done and greet you."
"We were saying how nice you are." Atlas joked before Sherlock shot her a look that made her laugh even more.
"That your my husband."
Her breath staggered as she tried to draw a breath that ended in a sobbing cough.
"Well, I was going to be eating alone," Lucy smiled and signed. "Everyone is off doing things tonight and Xerxes' dad is offshore."
"I'll buy the tickets and send you through the code." Sherlock said with a weak smile before going through all the necessary trips. "Me or John will be at the station to pick you up, alright?"
"Paints, oils, pastels, watercolour, whatever takes my fancy of the day. I'm working on a little sketch at the minute." Ruth smiled. "Trying to sell some paintings in my shop." She paused. "Who painted that?" She pointed at the picture of Sammy's family on a picnic blanket in a field.
"You will be." John said as he came around and sat down on Atlas' mattress, back leaning against the side of Rosie's bed. Rosie came over with Jeff and nestled into John's side. Catching on, Sherlock sat down and leaned against John, shuffling when he realised Atlas didn't know where to sit. Atlas slotted into the gap between the men and leaned her head on John's shoulder. John tucked an arm round Rosie who, bored of her position, climbed into John's lap with an
"Let me see," Atlas said angrily before she softened and squeaked a "please."
"Then I must be one of the weakest people alive. But at least I will be happy and not living in some big house that is sagging in depression. At least I will have people to fill my house and not leave it cold." Sherlock said through gritted teeth, he was trying desperately not to wake Rosie.
"I...I don't think I'm ready." Atlas said looking around the room and biting her lip to prevent the tears from falling.
"Don't make assumptions about someone till you meet him, he might be wonderful," Paul smiled.
"It's lovely what you've done with it." Timothy smiled.
"Yes Rosie?" Sammy asked as he looked at her.
"Her fiddle," Sherlock said quietly with a smile. "I like that,
"I know," Atlas sighed as she held both of John's hands in her own, Whisper in her lap.
"Oh yes. I know Ida Atlas Elizabeth Holmes." A voice said, this time male as the ceiling opened to reveal glass and there was a man there. Lying face down causing Atlas to walk backwards and hit the cement wall at her back. Silence filled before Atlas came forward tentatively.
"Aggh." Atlas said, reeling back, looking up at her dad. Her face was screwed up in pain and Sherlock looked at her.
"I know, dad," Atlas whispered, looking at him with a nod. "I know." And then she noticed the frown on his features, deep lines of thought that Atlas found concerning and strange. "Are you alright?"
"I've heard of him. Good catch," Damien smiled as John nodded.
"I forgot." Sherlock just replied quickly, Atlas looking at him with a furrowed brow. They loosened when she realised. She nodded once, putting a hand on his shoulder. John watched their silent conversation, smiling to himself.
"Alright," John soothed rubbing Sherlock's cheek. "Are you going to be sick?"
"Okay," Sammy nodded with a small smile whilst Atlas just rested her head against his shoulder.
"Okay." John smiled, his hand lingering on her shoulder longer than necessary - but not in an uncomfortable way. "I'll email them back."
Finally, they walked through to the other side, the big house somehow managing to remain cosy. They went in and saw that it was beautiful. The perfect way to describe it. Cosy wooden and stone walls with a fire in the corner - Atlas being able to imagine her parents chairs sat in front of it. Atlas could also imagine them having a secondary lounge area where they could sit when they had guests.
"Where'd you learn that?" John asked bemused as they seated themselves at a picnic bench.
"The boot in my car isn't very big." Sammy warned as Rosie let Redbeard out the front door before she unhooked something.
"Yeah?" Atlas asked. "Your not scared of anything?"
"Shouldn't be too long. Few days at most," Isla smiled. Our neighbours are going to run water up to us in a while. We've got a bit of power now but not much."
you want?" John asked gently, rubbing his thumb over her left knuckles.
And then he sent a message to Sherlock.
"All okay?" Wanda asked and Sammy looked at her and shook his head.
"Are you alright?" John asked, as Sammy nodded before standing to his full height - which was just a little shorter than Sherlock. "Come here." John opened his arms and offered Sammy a hug, and he took it. He rubbed his back as Sammy sniffed into his shoulder.
"Why, what's wrong?"
"My instruments are out in my car." Sammy said looking back to his little red car.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Of course they're upset." Eurus scolded as they made their way into the hallway, Atlas in a wheelchair.
"I really want to stay." Atlas stuttered.
"No we don't, you know the drill," Atlas said as she got down onto the floor and lay on her back.
This hospital was one that was under Mycroft's control and not Moriarty's. It was on an island, just like it was for Eurus, however this one was much more strict and for older people. It had been many years since she had met the person she least wanted to. She'd left before Sherlock and she was frightened to say the least.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Not just Rosie. Sherlock and Atlas too." Timothy and John exchanged a laugh. Getting outside was always good for their minds. John found them much more occupied this way. As if their minds were less prone to overthinking and more instinctive.
"Them, Sherlock," John said as he pulled out a fleece and held it up to his stomach. "Do you think it'll fit me?" Sherlock just looked at him like a rabbit caught in some headlights. "No, probably not, I should probably start running again...or-or maybe cycling? Yeah...maybe that...anyway..."
Sherlock just shrugged before looking at his lap. "I don't know if I'd be okay with people looking at me."
"Atlas," John said softly before he pulled the crown of her head to his lips. "Its alright."
"My uncle Myc." Atlas cried.
Sherlock stopped with a gentle smile. "Enya," he said. "Works well, used to get Atlas off to sleep all the time when she was little. It works for Rosie too, most kids."
"Careful, Uncle, I thought you said this good behaviour towards each other wasn't supposed to continue," Atlas said with a smirk.
"How long till you go?" Atlas asked, already knowing the answer.
• Mrs Hudson
"Well don't sound so disappointed, Mikey," Wanda scolded before John appeared into view.
Sherlock gave a loud huff, that prompted John to shoot him a look. "I'm sorry. Sherlock here probably already knows the answer but is being polite for once."
Her mother, Mary-Anne as she had been told she was called, was on the other side of the door. She anxiously exhaled a breath, it not going unnoticed by Sherlock who put a hand down to take hers. Squeezing it tightly the doors opened at they stepped through into the room. Between Atlas and her mother was a thick sheet of glass and she shuddered, she was so close.
Isla weaved her way over to John.
IN the middle of the night Atlas woke herself up, screaming until she thought her lungs might explode. Tears streaming down her face as she screamed and it was Sammy who appeared first.
WARNINGS: Vomit. Seizures. The norm.
"You know. I'm sorry for -"
"Ah," John smiled as Rosie suddenly became excited by a street of coloured buildings. The small girl with a big dog attracted some attention as she pointed up at the tops of the buildings, wide eyed and wide smiles.
"I want to be. Think I'd miss bacon too much." John laughed before Sherlock smirked.
"Speaking to her at the front of the classroom." Mrs Pertwee sighed, before nodding over to Mrs Frobisher who's glasses were sliding down her nose. Mrs Pertwee was winning. The head teacher looked at her computer sourcing an email that had been sent through by Mr Ingram - the head for Upper Sixth who was interviewing the students in the room at the time, discluding Sammy and Abayomi as for A) they were a friend of Atlas and B) because they had disappeared from their schedule in the library.
"And you'll be in charge of helping tell her when she has a seizure coming on," Sherlock said with a smile. And the dog just wriggled further up Atlas. "And tremors and all of that...you can do that? And the CPTSD help too?" The dog wriggled further and Sherlock smiled before taking a quick photo of the dog lying up Atlas' chest. "You know, I think he likes it when you cuddle him."
"Rosie." Sherlock said getting out his seat and lifting her up. "What're you doing up?" She giggled into his neck as she tickled her tummy.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"John?" Sherlock asked.
By the time they got back Rosie had been given a piggy back back to the house. When inside she ran up the stairs to get dressed, finding her Pa to have already laid out clothes for her.
"Dinner?" He asked turning around sharply. "Would you join us for tea tonight? At Gordon and Beattie's pizza House?"
"If it's all the same to you, Watson-Holmes is better than Holmes-Watson." John said looking at Sherlock who still looked wide eyed, before he nodded and kissed John lightly.
"I know Rosie," Mycroft said as she pulled away and walked over to Sammy. From there she climbed into his lap and rested against him.
Enjoy!
"I've seen a lot of cancer patients. And I've always wanted to do more for the family. It just so happens that I can this time." John smiled before walking over to Atlas' chest of drawers. "Atlas cleared out both the big and small top drawers."
"Redbeard!" He shouted and the dog perked up and ran over wagging his tail and sniffing Atlas.
Walking onto the music landing they were pleasantly surprised to find them all hanging about, writing up some music. Atlas was sitting with Sammy, looking at some music. They were scribbling out harmonies and doing all sorts of transposition work.
"I haven't been off to do anything interesting." John said quietly, a hint of saddness echoing through his voice.
"Dead." Atlas smiled as she looked at him. "Probably dead, dad."
"Lean against John here," He smiled, Atlas putting her back against his chest, instantly warmed by him.
"Atlas is not her mother, Sherlock," John snapped. "And I am sure as hell not putting her in a psych ward."
"Help me." She whispered for fear that she might get heard. "Please John. Please help me."
"Alright, I'll leave you be." Dr Aduba said before leaving the room and heading straight for the family room. He knocked before entering to see Sherlock and John sitting in different sections of the room, momentarily looking to the door.
"Yeah, yeah." He sighed as he rubbed a hand over his face. "I was wondering...if you would be alright with...well...with you guys...if...well...I think I need to see Georgia."
THE HISSING of a voice in the dark stirred John suddenly and he woke up razor sharp and ready. Only to see a dimly lit blonde haired, green eyed boy staring at him.
"Is she ok?" John asked urgently. "Is she alright?"
"Oh, congratulations Mol." Greg said getting up from his chair and hugging Molly tight. For a long time now, he had considered her as a sister, and she had considered him a brother. They were close and spent several hours of their time with each other on weekends. And Molly knew everything that was going on with his wife and most of what happened in his personal life.
TOGETHER, they walked back, each person carrying a lot - other than Rosie who was carrying the baubles she had been drawn to. They headed down some streets and alleyways, before a man, who obviously recognised Sherlock careered across the road towards them.
"Oh dear," Sherlock exclaimed, Sammy signing in the corner. "Shall we see what we can do about that?" He paused, turned to John, took his glasses off his face and put them on before inspecting the toy. "Why don't you go with papa to the sewing box and find the right green?"
"Okay. We'll see about going to get them in a moment." Sammy smiled before he sat with Atlas for another few minutes. She only continued to sob.
Then she played the music and was surprised to find that it spoke to her, telling her a story. She was so close to reaching the section that Sherlock was needing help with and then she played. Atlas played something that came straight from her heart and onto the violin and Sherlock wrote it down. He smiled at himself as he realised he was right to ask her to play as she fixed his broken melody.
"So Mrs Hudson?" Wanda said, starting up a conversation. Mrs Hudson looked up to Wanda. "What do you normally do at christmas?"
"I'll be off." Mycroft smiled once it appeared he wasn't needed. "See you Saturday lunchtime?" He asked from the door.
"Oh, okay, well, that's okay then," Atlas said with a small smile which then dropped. "The spinal tap bloody hurt."
"I don't know." He replied honestly. "How would you want to do it?"
"Shh, John, sleep," Sherlock reassured.
"Yes, me and dad both still play violin and I do still play piano but I also play cello, ukulele and baritone ukulele," Atlas grinned as her dad held her shoulder, rubbing firmly.
"I'm coming," Atlas said, getting to her feet and going to him.
Atlas gave a laugh before beckoning Sammy to come over. He did so, standing next to her.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Yeah." She sighed. "She's my friend but things change and the world changes and moves. It'll be fine."
"But you've had your dressings changed in here plenty." Dr Young frowned and Atlas glared.
"She's cooking tea. She was cleaning up my experiments off the table yesterday. And took the eyes out the oven and put them in the cupboard. Totally ruining the experiment I had set up." Sherlock somewhat whined before John gave him a look and they began their walk to their flat.
"Oh, grandma!" Atlas exclaimed before leaning against Sammy where they could see her. "Me and Sam have been binging The Crown like you and Mycroft said we should."
"That's good," John said with an ear to ear grin. "She's good for you."
"I'll get her." Sherlock said pulling up to park outside the cottage. It was called Otter Lodge and had a river at the bottom of the garden that no doubt the girls would play in with the dog.
"Yes, I'm fine." Sherlock quipped, a hint of laughter coming through in his voice as he settled against John who continued to read his book. However, he soon stopped and closed the cover.
"Aunty Isla," Atlas said and the lady turned around. "You sound really Scottish today."
"Yeah?" He asked, turning to look at her.
"You're real." Atlas said quietly.
"Because me and your dad never got proper rings," John paused. "We just got
"Well, that is true," John could be heard saying before they entered the kitchen, putting the bags of takeout onto the cabinets.
"No. I'm not sure that I 100% am, however, it's important to you." John smiled. "And I trust you a hell of a lot."
"Do I get my name from her?" Atlas asked from above, Sherlock giving a curt nod in reply.
"And your parents."
So, Eurus is like this sarky character in this book series lol.
"Blue." Atlas said quietly to Sherlock who walked over to her after selecting the cream colour for the spare bedroom. Sherlock stood by her and analysed the potential dark blues. She picked up a selection of Azure blues going down the numbers till she settled on a dark royal blue.
And suddenly two gun shots.
"I'm going to leave you now," Mycroft smiled before getting up. He kissed Atlas' cheek before leaving but not before a "I'll see you later, Ida."
"Jessie."
"It's probably bad news." She huffed as she rose to stand but John placed a gentle hand on her arm.
Redbeard nudged his head in to try and help her but it wasn't doing anything.
"Mr Peterson." Atlas whispered quietly before she noticed his wife following in hot pursuit.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had managed to put a sleeping Rosie to bed. He didn't bother changing her, she could potentially wake up. And besides, John had dressed her in comfortable clothing that morning. Tucking her in, he kissed her forehead, smiling whilst she slept. However, just as he was about to look away, he saw that she was stirring.
"Mrs Hudson and I have discussed it and we both think it best for you to take her to Timothy and Wanda's." Atlas explained, Mycroft receiving a steely glare from Mrs Hudson. "You'll also have to take the dog and the cookies."
"No you bloody won't." Atlas laughed before they continued along.
but still contained an
"Can you picture it?" He asked, Atlas giving an eager nod.
"What do you want to do?" John asked.
"Dad!" Atlas shouted down the hallway, wrapped in a towel to cover herself. Only her head was visible in the doorway.
"I love you," John said as Sherlock just cried.
"HELLO," Mycroft said as be sidled into the single room quietly with Eurus by his side. He saw Sammy, asleep on the sofa in the room, with Rosie by his side. A blanket draped over the pair. Whilst in upright chairs, Sherlock and John were sat side by side, John's temple resting against Sherlock's shoulder to look at a book that was open. It was on bees and beekeeping and they looked like they were quite interested.
The seizure had lasted a long time. The glass had cut her head and when she came around she let out a quiet whimper. Falling forwards was not her normal forté, it was normally backwards. She shut her eyes again and tried not to cry but couldn't help it.
"Yeah, I don't see why not, but it's old," John said with a smirk.
"Call an ambulance, her pulse is weak," Mycroft said before he looked over to Sammy who had tears in his eyes. "Hey, hey...kid..."
"Oh, is this another one of your sentimental things?" Sherlock asked, wrinkling his nose.
"I'm scared of clowns, spiders and the dark." Rosie said matter-of-factly before she looked at Atlas. "Daddy had to do it. You'd have died. I wouldn't have liked it if you'd died." Rosie looked over to John who was now smiling. Careful steps. "Papa?"
"How often?" Atlas asked, her dad placing an arm around his shoulder. He squeezed her close.
"I love you too, Sherlock," John smiled as he leaned forward and pulled the younger man to his chest as he began to cry.
"Sherl-" And then the familiar drone of a disconnected line appeared and the call was no more. John put his palms to his eyes and rubbed before setting his phone down and sighing.
"Your out of the major red for the poison." Doctor Aduba informed before he frowned. "Are you okay?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Course we can," John smiled. "We can go try to pull Atlas and Sherlock out the lab and go to that forest they went walking in and then we'll make a curry order and pick some up on the way home."
"I have been teaching her." Mycroft said from where he was sat next to Atlas.
"I'm sorry papa. I'm sorry papa. I'm sorry papa. I want you to be my dad. I'm sorry papa. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." Atlas sobbed as she rested her temple back against his stomach, his hand resting on the side of her head gently.
"That's alright, Rosie," John said gently, putting an arm around her. "There we go, you can see its coming to an end now."
"At, please, breathe," Rosie pleaded, thrusting Jeff at her.
Atlas looked at him with piercing blue eyes.
"It was the middle of the night." Mrs Hudson said, Atlas nodding once.
"Yeah," John said. "I'm sorry kid."
"Yup, we're flying to Aberdeen tonight from Heathrow so we're hoping to have a moment to see you before we go," Harry said.
"So Sammy," Wanda began the boy looking over to her from where he was walking with Atlas. Wanda, Sammy and Atlas were walking in a line. Sherlock, John, Rosie and Timothy a few steps ahead of them.
Ooocha.
"Papa! Daddy! Papa!" Rosie screeched running into their bedroom, the two men grumbling. "Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! Daddy! Papa!"
"I'll buy it," John smiled as he walked over and put a hand to Sammy's back. "Your right, sheet music always cheers her up. And god knows she needs it."
even more worrying was that she knew how all the gizmo's and gadget's actually worked barring a few.
When they got halfway along the walk they stopped and, opening his rucksack, Sherlock produced a flask of hot water and a water bottle which he offered to Rosie. She took it before drinking some and handing it along to Sammy who smiled at her.
"I love you," He sobbed.
"I love you too, sweetheart," Sherlock smiled before Atlas pulled away and beckoned her friends behind the island.
Welp.
Sherlock groaned in reply. "No. It's shit."
"No, listen to me," Atlas said. "You didn't kill your son. You didn't. Everything in his life killed him."
"If it's alright with papa." Mycroft said looking up to meet John's softened eyes. "And, Eurus is here too, she's outside painting another portrait of Redbeard or something."
"Well, after cleaning the bed, me and Atlas had what can only be called a long needed chat and now I feel dead," Sherlock said before dramatically flopping backwards, his head landing in John's lap.
"Mum...Mum wasn't always like that was she?" Atlas asked, before her dad only just rubbed her shoulder and looked down at her. He shook his head, before Atlas reached up and gave him a proper hug. "You said it didn't hurt you, to kill her. But it did."
"And so? What does that mean Sherlock?"
"Okay. I'm looking to go sorta tommorow. As soon as I can get a train or flight." Sammy smiled.
"Yes but that's only because I restrict how much coffee you and Atlas consume," John laughed. "Heaven forbid you drink too much of the stuff."
"If you don't mind picking me up. I'll grab some food and pack it and hop on the train." Sammy said with a smile.
"Your alright," Eddie soothed. "Your alright."
"It's in my arm aswell." Atlas said quietly.
"She was going to get up and move around a bit at lunch. But..." Sherlock began but then stopped with a furrowed brow.
"Yeah," John sighed. "I got them months ago and Sherlock never found out but conveniently they need picking up today."
"I love you too," John said in return.
"My papa has a really good blueberry pancake recipe," Atlas smiled at Xerxes as she signed and spoke.
"Yeah?" Sherlock asked as he looked at him. "I always thought you wanted Sussex."
"Not now."
ATLAS HOLMES:
"Yeah?" John replied, her eyes being lit by the street lights.
"Hey, hey." Sherlock said, clamping a large delicate hand over her tremors before tapping on a game called 'Nobodies' with his right hand. "It will be okay."
"Yeah." Atlas sighed. "I love you dad."
"We may have a change of plans." Atlas said firmly, looking at her friend. His green eyes shining as she looked at him fondly. She pulled on her red jacket as she collected the yellow tote bag she had brought with her full of sheet music. It was the perfect size to house these items as well as a few other items. "My uncle just informed me that the library is closed." Sammy let out a groan. "But he said we can use his."
"I want to adopt Atlas." John said, closing his eyes before opening to look at a slack jawed Sherlock. Silence. Nothing but silence and the worry that he had overstepped shadowed John. "So I suppose, I'm really asking if I can?"
"Papa! Quicker! Papa! Papa!" Atlas shouted as she helped her dad lie him down in the dark of the kitchen. "We need to strip him." Peter fussed at her. "No, I'm sorry Pete. I know I've only just met you but you'll become hyperthermic, okay?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I feel for her," Jo smiled, softly. "Bless her."
"It's a wrist fracture," John said quietly and Atlas looked like she wanted to throw up.
"I nearly lost you again."
Well, quiet till Atlas sneezed into her elbow and immediately put a hand to her side, wincing in pain.
"Yes!" She shrieked. "And then we're meeting Aunty Harry and Jojo and Isla."
A POOL of red blood swirled around the drain of an underground bunker shower. Sherlock analysed it, clean eyes assessing where it had splattered. Over his shoulder the doctor watched keenly as he noticed that the blood spray was most likely caused by an aorta cut or some form of major blood vessel.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Good," Atlas whispered into his shoulder.
"We were supposed to be at parents evening tonight but I think me and Sherlock are going to stay here, we can have a family night in," John smiled before Sammy nodded warily before John rose to his feet, pulling the teen up with him.
"Sherlock. We have a -"
"A bad one?" Rosie asked quietly, still looking at Atlas.
"You touched my sister. You dirty bitch, you touched my sister." He yelled, before Donovan knocked the breath out of him.
"A dog." Atlas announced proudly, her face lit up in a thousand colours as if she had just hit the jack pot.
"She never could," Mycroft laughed. "That hiding spot was the perfect place."
"Can I go in and buy Atlas some sheet music? It always cheers her up." Sammy said with a smile.
"Hey. Don't blame yourself for not knowing. Atlas said that she didn't want another thing to worry you guys. I think, 'cause there is so much going wrong." Sammy sighed. He paused, an uncomfortable silence. "I think she's in a bout of depression."
"Can't what? Tolerate the behaviour of an inexplicably smart sixteen year old. Who isn't even the right age to be in Upper Sixth?" He asked, the ball being thrown to him by Xerxes again. The teachers remained quiet. "I did not know all that about the appendix. I also did not know that about human tissue. Now, so long as..." He paused, made it obvious he couldn't place her name. Atlas sighed before adding.
Atlas' legs were beginning to get restless and her right one had already began to tremor.
"They went home," Sherlock smiled.
"Alright then," Damien said as Atlas continued to watch her dad whose eyes were transfixed on the patch of blood that had accumulated on the floor.
"I know," Wanda smiled, Mycroft kneeling next to her. Then Atlas' eyes rolled into the top of her head and her body began to convulse from the crown of the head to the tips of her toes. Mycroft rolled her onto her side and held a tissue under her mouth.
"Me and dad went on a walk and we got lost and we just got back and our tyres flat and we need picking up a-" Atlas said quietly.
"Is it a land rover?" John asked, before Sherlock gave a smile and pulled up outside the house. "That was quite quick."
"We're not one hundred percent sure on that yet. We think we are going to pay for witnesses to avoid family fall outs." John said, giving a weak smile. "Sherlock has quite a few family members and we have quite a few close friends, all of which will be at the small get together the following day."
"I love you too," Martha grinned.
"That means you and me Wanda." Timothy smiled as he placed a hand on his wife's leg and smiled at her.
"Yeah. Course it is. I liked him you know?"
"Bloody clarinets," Atlas answered and John chuckled as Rosie pulled him to the floor to show him her practising of drawing a treble, bass, tenor and alto clef.
"What happened?" Wanda asked coming into the living room to see John reading with Rosie. John sighed but before he could answer Sherlock interrupted.
"Yeah. A bumblybee." Atlas said as they continued on their path, trudging along the fully lit path. There was no point correcting her, especially because her nose scrunched up when she said it. This would cause the average human heart to speed up a little too much, words failing. Atlas took loads more photos of the dog and Rosie as they played together along the path.
WHEN they re-entered their hotel room, they walked in to find John sitting on the bed reading a book whilst Rosie was colouring in on the little desk - Redbeard made a beeline for her and sniffed at her pocket of dog treats eagerly.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I do," Atlas said.
"Keep it down." He scolded before going over to see why she was making such a fuss. "Why are you up so early anyway?"
His thoughts drifted to Mary, his eyes dropping to the floor. He thought of her and how amazing she would've been as a mother. No one would ever replace her as that. And no one was trying to. But he had an army to help Rosie through it all. He thought of Atlas who would no doubt help her through all the things a girl needs - although a small part of him hoped that Rosie would feel just as able as Atlas to talk to them about it. Then he thought of Mrs Hudson, how she would help Rosie unravel her homework if she got stuck on something about politics or something to do with the current world. Molly was there as the closest female figure she was going to get to a mother. Greg as someone who had a really
"Think that John's actually your dad?" Harry said. "Because you have two?"
"You don't need to be sorry." Atlas said before she sat up and leaned into Sherlock's side. "I'm just glad your back."
"What? I had to be excited with someone." Atlas confessed, smirking as John squeezed her shoulder smiling.
Hopefully, if your hanging around, you continue to enjoy my story.
"Sherlock," John tried. "Sherlock, listen to us. They're not your fault."
"Now, Atlas, I've come to a conclusion. I'm going to suspend you until further notice." Mrs Frobisher said.
"Everything hurts." Atlas sobbed. "Everything's going wrong."
"I'm not going to move you onto your side. We'll ask the paramedics." Sherlock sighed before he sat down beside her. He kept a firm hand on her back and rubbed his thumb over her shoulder blades. She let out a quiet sniffle and Sherlock kept rubbing at her back.
"Feeling light headed?" John asked, Atlas nodding once. He moved to help her down, but retracted his hand - the change in gesture not going unnoticed by Atlas. In a room full of people she felt alone, her feet propped up on the sofa.
"Sherlock?" John laughed as his eyes went up above the camera.
"I do." Atlas said as they continued onwards. The walk was about four miles in total but Atlas wasn't going to tell her that. The rest of the walk to the cliffs was filled with stopping to look at bugs and asking lots of questions.
"You did. Sammy got picked up by-"
"I don't know. Dad likes Greek mythology, more than he'd care to acknowledge," Atlas smirked. "Atlas is a titan. A strong person both physically and mentally. I'm not strong physically, I'm pretty weak but I like to think I'm pretty strong mentally."
"How come you call her Ida?" Isla asked smiling.
"I'll always believe you too." John said softly. "It'll be okay. I'm sorry if it looked like I didn't believe you."
Suddenly, she was blinking and looking around the room.
"Those are seizures." John sighed. They had just said that it was something Atlas might do from time to time but they were becoming more frequent. She had an appointment booked at his surgery in the next week or so, so they should hopefully move her onto some new medication.
"So, have you ever been to Scotland Sam?" John asked, looking back at him.
"Careful, you sound like me there, Duck," Sherlock smiled.
"I know."
"He is that," Sherlock smiled before Atlas came back bouncing. "Alright?"
"Shit," Sherlock swore as he looked at the tyre as Atlas began to pin in the number sequence for John's mobile.
"It's not a problem. According to Rosie, your family now. Your welcome to whatever you need." John smiled as he took a duffel bag from Sammy then the other and began to ascend the stairs.
"Well I'm glad," Atlas said. "If it's any justification, I feel like I'm a piece of you too. I love you too."
"Then I believe it is not mine, but yours. If you give something, you never ask for it back." Sherlock said eventually after returning to his seat at the desk. His hands were folded over his mouth in a contemplative manner as he looked at a case on his laptop.
"Just to move Peter back into th-" Sherlock started before he appeared in the doorway and...faltered. "I can...I'm..."
"Yeah. So pa can still go. He shouldn't miss it. He should go. I spent so much time worrying about me and I feel really selfish and papa shouldn't miss something as big as this. It's important. Spreading ashes is important, even if you don't like someone. We did that with mum." Atlas said before looking to John. "You have to go, it's important. Stop worrying about me. You have to go."
"I am. But I wanted to do one this morning and one this evening." Dr Aduba said before Atlas sit up and offered up her arm.
They could hear a screech from the living room before John quickly switched on his phone light.
"Atlas came when Sammy needed one too." Leanne said, looking at the ring on her finger.
"I insist," Isla said. "That thing hasn't seen the light of day in decades."
made - within his family.
"Five seconds," Atlas grumbled from beneath the covers.
"We'll talk to Leanne...but Sherlock...we probably can't." John said putting an arm around the other man's shoulders. "He needs to be getting a move on." Sherlock stood and rubbed at Sammy's shoulder. Slowly, the young boy turned over and looked at Sherlock.
"Rosie." Eurus said drawing Rosie's name from a hat, the little girl squealing in excitement. She made her way to Eurus before jumping onto her lap, the dog gathering at their feet supposedly joining their team.
"Who's saying that?" Sherlock asked, tears in his eyes. "'Cause its not me or papa or anyone else out there. You can do this, Atlas."
John stopped walking and looked at his dad, disbelieving.
"Have you got everything Rosie?" John asked as he stroked her hair down her back. It was so pretty under the sun, looking more blonde than brown and she smiled. Her teeth sucking on her bottom lip as she smiled up at him nodding.
"Samuel Alexander Walters," Sammy grinned.
"You smell like biscuits," Sherlock said quietly. "You smell like digestive biscuits."
pulling out her IV's and just about every other medication we were pumping into her system. From there she made her way into the hallway, where when they tried to stop her she ducked and dived before stopping and going into cardiac arrest. Then we followed procedure."
"Attempt suicide because he wanted to be rid of my mother so he outed her, only to realise he loved her?" Atlas finished for him. "Yes. He did. He felt like he'd lost her and it was his fault. Essentially he had lost her, but he'd lost her a long time before he submitted her for medical help. So, papa, promise me...?"
"Have you got somewhere to stay?" John asked, shocked when she shook her head and gestured to the bags leaning against their feet under the table.
"Papa," Atlas hiccupped.
"Yes Rosamund?" Eurus asked, looking down to Rosie sweetly.
"There is, everyone's here. May and Xerxes and Greg and-"
"Okay," Sherlock whispered. "It's not that. I just...you don't think you deserve to be alive? You don't-?"
"A long time," Atlas said quietly. "The doctors all just said it was growing pains. And then it got worse but I didn't think it was important because of how often it varied and changed. Never in the same spot." She looked like she was about to cry.
Atlas hadn't cried but had had three seizures during the week that had led to another review appointment being scheduled sooner, and she was soon moved onto a new set of medication.
"Hmmm. I like that idea." Sherlock grinned.
"Iamandbesidesittakesalotstrongertoknowckmewout," Atlas slurred her head resting gently.
"Did you help choose the house?" Greg asked, before immediately u-turning and adding. "Of course you did. Sherlock's not that good."
IT was precisely 6pm when Lestrade promptly entered the living room. It had remained dormant for some time now and he frowned as he studied the mess. Behind him Atlas entered the dog bounding over to him.
The dog rolled back over and army crawled to her, putting his head in her lap.
"A cello? No." John laughed. "She doesn't play."
"She could st-" Harry started, following them to the door.
Sherlock stood, his face blank until who the man was registered across his face. Before, the man could get super close a woman appeared and stood next to him. Pretty, blonde and blue eyed.
"Alright, now?" John asked as they met up with him just outside the little M&S right next to the Costa.
"Okay," John said.
"You listen to me, you will pass out." Dr Aduba said again before Atlas took the mask and Dr Aduba helped her.
"Of course...of course I remember you. You are the wonderful and brilliant Ida Atlas Elizabeth Holmes. Who lives with me, John Hamish Watson, my partner William Sherlock Scott Holmes and her sister Rosamund Mary Watson." John said looking at her comfortingly. She gave a little laugh to his response before looking at him, teary eyed.
"Stop looking at me," Atlas said looking up at him, fire dancing in her eyes. "Everyone stop looking at me."
"And me."
"I don't know...I just feel a little fuzzy and everything's tingling," Atlas said, bowing her head before Rosie placed Jeff in her lap. "Thank you Rosebud."
I'm sorry." Dr Aduba said with a smile.
And then her scar began to hurt. Always would and it would be painful. Not super bad but very much akin to period cramps. She put a hand over her stomach and continued to write as she tried to soothe the pulled skin but it didn't help.
"How old is she?" Sherlock asked with a gentle smile.
"Let's hear them then."
"MIKA?" Sammy asked.
"Thank you." Sammy whispered quietly.
"Observation." John supplied helpfully, Sherlock taking a breath as he looked off into the distance where he could just see Atlas and Sammy. She waved to them and started heading in their direction.
"No," Atlas smiled. "For Tommorow."
"I can't tell you," Sherlock said.
"MYCROFT." Atlas sang as she meandered through the halls of his well established home. She passed a christmas tree into the main entrance to find her uncle waiting for her in the kitchen. Then upon seeing him she put her satchel down onto he counter and put on an apron.
"Is it normal?" John asked, suddenly aware that his knowledge was little. "To lose speech during a tremor."
"Atlas," Rosie also tried.
"Rosie," Sammy said quietly. "What about-"
"Papa? Dad?" Atlas asked, looking at each of them in turn as the two of them squished next to each other.
"Your weakness." Mrs Pertwee sneered before Atlas snapped. In a way she didn't think she would, but apparently she was wrong. With one smooth movement Atlas had pinned Mrs Pertwee to the whiteboard at the front of the class, arm twisted behind her back. The older woman giving a wicked laugh, Atlas pulling her back away from the whiteboard.
"Sherlock," John said sternly, shutting the other man up. "I'm trying really hard to not overstimulate her brain right now."
"Hey, listen to me, you do," Dr Aduba said. "What's brought this on?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"How old is she? What like eighteen?" John asked studying his friend up and down. For the first time in ages Sherlock's face was vulnerable and he looked like he wanted to cry. The normally composed man seemed to be breaking at the seams and John knew that there was more to the story than was being let on.
"We know." John said coming over with another mug they had missed when picking them up. "Don't we Sherlock?" All that could be heard was Sherlock snickering on the other side of the kitchen as he washed the mugs. "Just ignore him." John announced.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Constantly." Sherlock smirked.
"It's how you speak when you don't know how to explain it." John added helpfully, face still hidden by the book. "You both do it. Bach on days that you either don't want to talk or what your feeling is complicated. Pretty Chopin on soft and romantic days - days like those I can get hugs. Sad Chopin on sad days. The composers you play belong to the emotions you feel whether you guys believe it or not, they are. Your father's right Atlas, have the best you can get. And let him do it for you."
"Thank you," Sammy whispered. "Can we go see At now?"
"You are. Close to being taller than Sherlock," John laughed rubbing his back. "I love you, sweetheart."
"Thank you," John smiled before he kissed Sherlock's cheek. "I love you."
"Hello, who is this?" Jo asked, leaning forward to the phone that was placed on the table.
"You're one of us."
"Didn't have morphine on the battlefield, not really," John said before he hopped over and sat where Dr Aduba had been sat. "And I'm here Atlas."
"Is that daddy?" Rosie asked John quietly as the man nodded sending the young girl running to the front door.
"Why can't I?" Atlas asked her own mind taking different pathways to analyse the situation as best as possible.
She woke up fast, panting with sweat dripping into her eyes. Her eyes were blurry and she felt like she was dying. Her chest was sore and she knew what this was. She pulled herself to a seating position trying to catch her breath.
On the other side of the door, Atlas was calming herself in preparation to step into the room. Her blue blanket was wrapped around her shoulders and she knew that she probably looked awful. Opening the door, she slipped in, John looking up once before down to his book. She walked around and climbed under the covers, lying on her side, right near the edge. The duvet was pulled tightly up, over her shoulders so that only her head was visible.
"Okay, I may have done something." Sherlock admitted, looking at his partner in crime softly. John looked at him expectantly, awaiting explanation. "Like, tell Atlas that I would talk to you about schooling." John sighed slowly before looking over to Sherlock.
"YOU ready to go, love?" Paul called out to Sophie in their small, yet respectable home.
"She said sorry." Sherlock sighed before shuffling forwards in his seat and taking her hand. "Don't say sorry. It's nothing you can help and don't say sorry. I don't want you to." But she'd already fallen asleep and sighing, Sherlock's head went to his hands. He could be heard taking a deep breath before Rosie walked over and put her little arms around his form. Gathering her into his lap, he gave a little smile, and was seen to almost immediately relax. A state of comfort.
