When nothing else happens, he snaps. He takes a step back, aims, and kicks the door so hard the frame splinters, sending shards flying. Light from the hall spills into the dark room. Cas is sitting cross legged in the bed, palms up on his knees like he was meditating, but he looks at Dean with wide eyes and a gawking mouth.
“I—I—I—” He can’t get a sentence out. “…water,” is all he manages, before his hand slides back down over the switch, covering them with darkness again. He backs out through the doorway and they can hear his heavy footsteps as he literally runs down the hall.
He throws himself onto the couch and clicks the TV on, tumbler of scotch in his hand. He surfs the channels for a minute before stopping on
“You can’t just—just cause you and Sam have some—some book club,” Dean sputters lowly, “you don’t just go and do a book report with a—a goddamn god, ok, Cas?”
“Cas?” Dean knock on his door. He’s got two fresh bottles of gin, which he thinks Cas likes, and two glasses in his fingers.
Taken a bit by surprise, Dean raises an eyebrow as he holds a clean t-shirt in his hands without moving to put it on. “Didn’t we…talk about this last night?” He takes a few steps towards Cas. “I remember distinctly having to,” he swallows, reaches to place a hand softly on Cas’s ribs, “tell you that I’m…that I want…this.”
Kali’s hand slips down to the metal cuffs and glows hot red. The light travels through her fingertips and into the carved symbols and markings before the link unclasps and Durga can bring her hand up to her mouth to hide her sobs.
?” Gabriel waggles his eyebrows, pervily. “Not even when Cassie gives you a big sip of the blue juice?”
Cas’s shoulders are almost up to his ears. His hair seems filled with static electricity, like its swelling up into the air. There’s unambiguous fury in his stride as he rushes over to Dean, pushes him back through the doorway, and shuts the door, ending the whole interaction with a decisive click from the locking door.
“We need to know exactly where you’ve encountered the rakshasa,” Gabriel says, holding out a map and a marker. “And we’ll go on a little treasure hunt. Then we’ll be outta your hair.”
But Cas just uses the hall mirror to confirm the woman isn’t human, its slimy pale skin and sunken eyes twisting to get a hold on its prey. Then he blips right behind them, shoving his angel blade through her neck and slicing down with a satisfying series of crunches. The man screams, of course, so Cas lifts two fingers to his head and puts him to sleep.
Hadn’t he wanted to kiss him then, too? Didn’t he admit that to himself? When he found him by the creek, covered in dirt, looking so…uncomfortable, in retrospect. But that moment he caught sight of him, he pictured walking up, grabbing him into a hug, and then kissing him. He pictured it clearly and then. And then Cas didn’t hug him back.
Dean moans around a mouthful of dough and filling. “Oh my god, what’s in this?” He takes another bite and his eyes roll back into his head.
Dean swallows thickly, glancing down at the contact. He stills. Cas stills. Dean looks back up to Cas’s face, his eyes glinting with brazen determination. “Oh yeah?”
Cas reaches his other hand out but Dean grabs that one too. Cas shakes him and they wrestle in the bed they’re sharing—totally platonically, obviously. Dean pushes Cas towards the edge, and Cas flips him like a ragdoll over his own body and then, accidentally, onto the floor beside him. The blankets flip with him and settle over Cas with a hush.
Dean’s never had much luck. Except bad luck, or cursed luck that bites him in the ass. So when he hears the beep and click of the motel door at the exact moment he’s about to lean in and kiss Cas, like,
He only realizes after they have started walking away that he’s still holding Cas’s hand. And Cas is just...letting him. He stops short, and the abruptness causes Cas to let go, but Dean holds his fingers closed around the limp palm for two more seconds before releasing and pulling away, perplexed.
Dean chews on this and then says, “Okay,” before squaring up and punching the bag a few times. Cas stares from the doorway disapprovingly.
there’s a spell at work, he thinks he can resist leaning his cheek against Cas’s palm. So why do his eyes flicker closed as his skin makes contact anyway?
He doesn’t know what to say, so he says, “You should take those off,” as he walks around the bed and grabs them by the heel, slipping them over the ball of Cas’s foot.
“Cas,” Dean rolls his eyes. He drops the t-shirt to grab Cas’s jaw with both hands and angle him up, to meet his eyes. “Shut up.” Cas looks up cautiously and Dean gives him his signature sprawling grin, then leans in and kisses him.
“We have to find her,” Kali says as the raw energy recedes into her arms. Gabriel nods, grabs her hand, and the two of them fuck off again.
and then you—you—” He bites the sentence off, looks down. “I’m tired of this. Why don’t you just skip to the part where you leave and let me just…” Cas sets his jaw hard, looking down at Dean gaping on the bed in shock, “let me be.”
They trade a few jabs, circling the small room. Cas keeps his face a polished stone. He feels freer in these clothes, which has the reverse effect of making him even more cognizant of his superior power. Whatever has changed of his “angel” status over the years, he’s still got strength that’s noticeably outside of human.
“Gabriel, Durga is here,” Cas says, eyes towards the ceiling, from across the room, “at the bunker.”
Sam is standing in the door way, mouth gaping. Blush creeps into his cheeks, ears, neck, entire face, oh god. Dean can practically hear the sparks shooting out of his ears as the gears in his head stutter and grind. He looks between the two of them before averting his gaze to the ceiling.
Dean doesn’t remember. He thought everything was cool after The Gabriel Thing. Not that he told Sam about any of that.
“I’m going to trap Gabriel…and kill his…head off,” Cas mutters, not looking up as he searches the shelves. Dean grabs him by the shoulders and spins him around.
likes about his appearance, but he never thought about Cas looking at them. Assessing them. Cataloging them.
Gabriel nods and assess. “Well, then. I got nothing. I’m gonna go see a girl about those spirits, though.”
Then, a loud crash from somewhere else in the building. The four of them go rigid. Dean pulls a knife out from his waistband. Sam grabs a butcher’s knife and hands it to Eileen, then grabs a long meat fork for himself. Cas looses the angel blade from his sleeve. They exchange grave looks and head out into the hall to investigate.
“Dean?” Sam’s tinny voice floats up from the phone in Dean’s other hand. He doesn’t even remember hitting send.
“It’s a summoning ritual,” he mutters, taking the phone in his hand to examine more closely. “I don’t think it…worked, though. The burn pattern is limited to the center but, a ritual like this, it’s used for…very powerful beings. Much larger…”
“Cas?!” He yelps involuntarily. Crickets sing from the woods beyond the property line. “Fucking shit!” He grapples with the phone in his pocket.
Cas props himself on his elbow to mirror Dean. “I do not fornicate with books, Dean. The term bibliophilia is figurative and doesn’t mean ‘lover’ in the sense that—“
“Don’t flirt with me,” Dean sneers. “Who are you? What are you doing here? What did you do with those cows?”
Dean takes another step so that he’s inches from Cas’s face. He doesn’t care if Gabriel knows somehow. He doesn’t even check over his shoulder to make sure everyone is gone.
to be embarrassed. I mean, intricate rituals much? You think Cassie’s wound tight, you should see yourself when another beefcake gets too close.”
But then Dean, finally, lifts his hand further and brings it softly to Cas’s neck, thumb grazing the hinge of his jaw. Cas swallows thickly. Dean leans in, then stops to ask with a low whisper, “Is uh…is this okay?”
“What?” Cas asks pointedly. He doesn’t really want the answer, but he’s starting to feel something from the alcohol, which as he’s thinking about it is probably not a good idea to keep drinking, but then he dismisses that thought with the simple fact that he wants to be drunk. He’s been avoiding alcohol altogether, not knowing what the effects would be on his currently unstable relationship with time and space. But now Dean’s in his room looking
“Great,” he rolls his eyes after a moment, letting go of Cas’s hand, “Well now you happen to spatially coincide with a busted hand. And looks like you’re outta juice so…let’s patch you up like a real boy, Pinocchio.”
“Don’t mock me,” Cas grumbles. He folds his arms and glares at Dean, who smiles patronizingly up at him for a moment, before turning his attention back to the TV. Cas looks back at the screen, his eyes catching on Brad Pitt in a cowboy hat in the pouring rain. He stills, then slowly lowers himself down to the couch again.
Dean clicks his tongue. “Yeah, and until then no more bleeding on the floor. Hold this,” he says, pressing gauze to his knuckles. Cas holds the white cotton against his other hand, glancing over as Dean pulls a small stretch of tape and rips it from the roll with his teeth. Cas gasps softly and swallows. Dean looks up, but then Cas is just looking back at his hands, blinking.
Dean starts exercising regularly. It is a strange development for everyone. But to be fair, his version of exercising is pummeling a punching bag any time he has a feeling. Which is better than drinking them away. Which he still does, but less so. Cas comes to find him one day, to ask if he knows something about a case Sam’s been working on.
“No wait, it’s not…standing.” He wrestles with the wire with both hands. He’s in front of Cas, elbows bumping on his shoulders, as he fidgets with the thing in his hair. Cas watches his face intently, his eyes catching on Dean’s mouth where his tongue pops out to pull his lip in to bite, as Dean firmly concentrates on the task at hand and not looking down into Cas’s eyes. “There,” he says finally, dropping one hand to Cas’s shoulder, the other gesturing to the tree. “Now we have an angel for the tree.”
“That’s a bit weird, isn’t it?” Gabriel folds his arms. “Rakshasa popping up like moles. In middle America.”
“We should—” Cas whispers, but breaks off into a gasp when Dean pushes him slightly onto the table with his crotch, licks at the space behind his jaw. He shuffles Cas’s coat and button-down off his shoulders in one move, feeling confident. The fabric catches at Cas’s elbows, restricting his arms. He’s got one hand holding the edge of the table to keep him from falling back, the other scrambling for Dean’s hip, catching a belt loop. Dean leans back up for another kiss while he shrugs off his own flannel and tosses it behind them on the table. He unbuckles his belt and Cas grabs for it, pulls it through the loops and drops it on the floor.
Cas tilts his head, as usual. Dean rolls his eyes, downs the rest of the drink, glances around the room. His eyes catch on a few beautiful women and he remembers that immediately abandoned mission to sleep with as many as he could.
He murmurs something like “angel” before leaning over and kissing him. The lights on the tree flicker and explode. Dean lets out a bark of laughter into Cas’s mouth before losing his balance and then his consciousness, falling forward. Cas catches him, standing motionless for a moment in the blackened room with his heart racing against the heavy weight of Dean in his arms.
“Why?” Dean whispers. Cas stares so hard into his eyes he wonders if his head will catch fire. Dean can’t help but look away—look down at the bizarre object in his hands. He can feel the heat radiating off of Cas, like he’s vibrating with rage. Or…something.
“I didn’t do anything!” He almost squeaks, which Dean would laugh at, if he wasn’t being blindsided by some blackout shenanigan that’s so far only been described as not-as-embarrassing-as-something-Cas-did, which is not exactly comforting.
Pushing those thoughts away, Dean scrunched up the letter and flung it into the bin. He missed. Reaching down to grab it his lower back twisted, and an instant pain emerged. He shot back up. His hand reached around to where the pain surged.
“You’re asking me?” Dean replies with the same amount of quietness. He cocks his head to the side, like he isn’t sure Cas meant it like a question.
He kissed Cas’ neck, slowly trialing his mouth down Cas’ bare body. Dean was still getting used to this closeness, how he didn’t really have to account for breasts because Cas didn’t have any. He had nipples though and Dean tested their sensitivity, sucking them into his mouth.
“What about it?’ he asks pulling at it a little just to tease. He wants to know, everything in Cas’ mind he wants to know. The man is so quiet, his brain must be filled with so much. Is it filled with Dean? What he wants to do to Dean? What he wants Dean to do to him? Cas doesn’t answer.
Dean watched him walk with heavy eyes, the shiv that was on his throat Cas slipped into his waist band, his tawny skin peeking out with some more ink there too.
The Fete was a decent enough gig actually much to Dean’s demise about going to it. There was knick-knack for sale, craft stuff, things for Thanksgiving and Christmas, stuff adults made, and stuff the kids made. Charlie’s class had the bake-sale. He spotted the brownies Cas made among them, selling quick. Ms. Oak even admired how the single Dads got together to do it. It was about as patronizing as it sounded. He didn’t attempt to mingle, just stuck to Cas’ side and Cas did the same, not attempting much conversation with people unless they came up to them. Some did to say how good the brownies were and how the M&M’s were a good addition.
He walked down the back of his kitchen, looking out into the tree house that looked practically out of a fairy tale with the snow around it.
Sam and Jess come to visit him when he’s about to go on his lunch break. He’s still under the same car trying to figure out what the problem with it is. Sam kicks him in his ankle to tell him he’s there. Dean curses, hits his head on the under carriage.
He knew Cas unleashed hell onto Gordon, hell that he probably wanted to unleash on himself for not being there for Dean, for the days that led to Gordon finding his way into Dean. It wasn’t Cas’ fault Dean was stubborn. He couldn’t let Cas think it was his fault for what happened to him. He needed to show him, this was a sure way of doing it and he needed to do it before he chickened himself out of it.
Dean nodded, unsure how cracked his voice would be and not really entirely sure if he wanted his friend to know how awesome this felt. Cas rolled them between his fingers, making Dean arch into the touch, hips raising a bit to chase Cas’ other hand, meeting his downward motion with an upward one. When the next moan came, he didn’t stop it, let it out quietly through his plush lips.
“Alright, my bad didn’t realise they were top secret.” He puts his hands up like he’s been caught by the police. He smells cleaner than last time, the lack of fumes and sweat. Castiel gives himself the indulgence of looking at Dean from this close up.
“It’s fancy dress. You have to dress up.” Claire said. She was still looking at him, now at his eye level being in her Dad’s arms. It made her more intimidating.
Dean doesn’t respond, just lights his cigarette and keeps it out the window. Cas turns over to look at him, calm, peaceful, blowing smoke out the window into the wind. Its turning dark, the sun setting behind the trees of his back garden. The light rays dance on Dean’s almost bare body.
“You better not puke.” He mutters and starts up the engine. It’s a quick drive to their place and when he’s on the road he runs a hand through Cas’ hair as he winds through the empty enough streets of his home town.
Their video played in the background. Cas’ grunts filling the sitting room as Dean gagged on his cock on the screen. He thought he’d cringe at how submissive he looked but all he could think about was how full he felt and how containing it was to be held like that. Cas’ fingers dug deep into Dean’s head while he skull fucked him, the marks on Dean’s neck starting to tingle, like they remembered being formed.
Castiel nods. “I give that speech to every first-year lecture.” He could almost recite it by memory.
Cas walked past their kitchen space, into the living room space and plonked himself down beside Dean on their measly shitty two-seater couch. His blue shirt rumbled, top two buttons undone, and sleeves rolled up to the elbows. Dean moved in closer to show Cas the comments, letting their sides touch.
Hands found their way to his hair again, taking a firm grip and speaking, “For someone who loves sucking cock as much as you do Dean, you’d think coming out wouldn’t be that difficult.”
“Hey Cas.” He greeted his daughter’s best friend’s Dad. He needed a new term to call Cas, something shorter. They weren’t exactly friends, though Dean wanted to change that, but they weren’t strangers either. Acquaintances made it seem cold which was the opposite of what Dean felt when he was around the guy. Pals? Sure, Cas was Dean’s pal. Pals were a step below friends, right? He was spending far too much time debating this.
His friend moved Dean’s legs with his own to stand in-between them. Top being discarded to let himself bare for Dean. This time Dean listened to his twitching fingers, reaching out to touch the dark hairs under Cas’ naval. Soft to the touch and disappearing into his pajama bottoms. He hadn't really paid too much notice to men's bodies before, Cas' though he knew he liked. Dean hooked his fingers under the waistband, pulling them out just to let go, snapping the elastic against Cas’ skin.
Now with the anointing over Charlie and Claire ran down the garden to the tree house, Cas hung back with Dean on the deck finally letting their laughter out.
“I could ask you the same thing,” he crowded into Dean’s space, hands reaching into Dean’s back pockets to tug him close. Dean gasped, his own hands reaching for Cas’ shirt to hold onto something. “What were you exactly planning on doing with her?"
He took Dean in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks and sucking lightly. There was no smell of smoke here, just 100% pure Dean musk. It was intoxicating, spurring Cas on to take more and more of him till he managed to take Dean to his hilt, nose buried in Dean’s curls. Another shudder from the boy under him letting him know Dean was slowly losing it. On the uptake he swirled his tongue around, feeling Dean’s cock pulse in his mouth. Moans rolled out of Dean, each one as filthy as the next and then without warning Dean spilled into Cas’ mouth, hot spurts coated the inside of his mouth and he took it all, swallowing each drop that Dean would give him till he was spent and pushing Cas off of him.
Eventually his soul and his body realigned. The room came back into focus and Dean was sticky, seriously sticky. He shifted, wincing at the dull pain in his ass. Cas looked like he was drifting off to sleep beside him, eyes fluttering closed and mouth slightly parted. He didn’t register that Dean had slipped his hand from underneath his. It made him chuckle quietly.
Once inside he shoved Dean up against the closest wall he could find, hands reaching under Dean’s top to get at his warm skin. Dean made the sweetest noises. Hands found their way to Cas’ belt, trying to take it off. He got caught up in the moment, memories of bathrooms and eagerness that he forgot he was supposed to be punishing Dean.
He turned it on, let the heat drop onto him, willing the thoughts of Cas to go away already. His dick was interested. His dick should not be interested while in the shower surrounded by other inmates. He was glad for the steam, least that gave him some coverage and the shitty windows that didn’t let in much light too helped. Dean needed to shower and get out of there, hid his erection in his boxers, hope the Russian would leave like he usually did, and Dean could take care of it quietly on his bunk like he had for the past week since returning from the Empty.
Dean was on his work detail with Benny, scrubbing the road where the delivery trucks rolled in. The searing heat of the sun refused to let up and they weren’t allowed to strip their tops off. It was deemed unprofessional, and not appropriate. They wanted the inmates to look the part, rehabilitation or whatever for when they got out. Skills and behaviours they gained while on work detail, like there was any skill involved in scrubbing roads clean. Besides, Dean didn’t get paid for what he looked like. He could do this job in a freakin’ tutu if he felt like it, as long as the job was done, he got paid. Paid in serious cash too, not these fifty cents an hour bull crap he was getting in here.
Gabriel sniggered behind him. Cas turned his head to glare at his brother who quickly made himself scarce, shuffling into the kitchen to no doubt find a lollipop to gag himself on.
He was standing in the commissary line with Sam when he got his ass smacked. Dean jolted forward, reaching for Sam’s shoulder to steady himself.
“You’re a jerk!” she shouts and walks away not ordering any drinks. Cas is wide eyed, might as well have a neon sign that says confused and adorable on his forehead.
“Turned out pretty ok in the end, after being ditched by this jerk over here.” He points to his brother who stands in front of them. Sam just rolls his eyes. His permanent answer when Dean frustrates him but is not bothered to do anything about it.
“And we’re…” Dean pressed the mousepad. A red light appeared were the camera lived. He mouthed the words
“Yes, I did say I was on the way.” Castiel replies sitting down. He smiles to Jessica and her boyfriend Sam. He feels awkward sitting across from one of his students in this capacity.
He didn’t wait for a response, just licked a wet strip up Dean’s shaft and lapped at his head. A moan escaped him when he tasted pre-cum already. For someone who got blow jobs weekly Dean sure did look like he was close to cumming already. It only spurred Cas on, knowing Dean was as turned as he was.
“Word on the street is Dean’s protected, got himself a Russian Daddy.” He said. That got Dean’s attention. He snapped his head over to Rufus. The others were looking at Dean confused. He hadn’t told them what happened yesterday, the less people knew the better. He didn’t need Sam worrying, didn’t need Charlie giving him sympathy. He wanted to forget it ever happened. The AB clearly had other motives, spreading around that Cas saved Dean from a gang bang.
As he turns to head to the lift a guy is standing behind him who wasn’t there when Dean came in not moments ago. It catches him off guard. He jumps out of his skin.
In the night Castiel has to get up to puke. He doesn’t know how he got back to his apartment, how he’s in his pajamas or anything really past Gabriel making him down a shot of tequila. He registers he’s pressed up against Dean though. If he didn’t have to puke as intensely as he did, he’d stay snuggled up to him, but the tequila is coming up fast and Dean smells like the Roadhouse which isn’t helping things.
“You’re out.” He dropped the deck of cards. When he looked up again to see Cas, he had moved, standing outside of Masters cell. One hand above the shorter man’s head, holding himself up and blocking Masters in. Dean’s stomach turned. The way Masters ran a hand up Cas’ arm as he spoke in quiet hushed tones, snuck it under his sleeve to touch the feathers inked into his skin. Dean set his jaw tight, hands in fists on the table.
The new guy, Russian, had to be if he was sitting at the table and also the tattoos were a giveaway. Too distant for Dean to see them clearly though which was a shame, Dean had a curiosity about the Russian gang tattoos. He never got himself close enough except maybe in the showers to get a decent look at them and he had to extra careful where his eyes landed in there for obvious reasons.
“We need to stop them,” Dean looked around, trying to find a weak point in the line of the guards. The second one in wasn’t one from Hell, just a Purgatory guard and out of his depths by the looks of it. “There.” He pointed to the guard. Sam nodded seeing their way in.
Cas’ middle finger touched Dean’s wet lips, asking to be let in. Dean parted his mouth and Cas pushed in the finger, joining the other. He sucked down on them hard making Cas buck his hips up to rub freed dick under Dean’s clothed ass. Dean’s mouth fell open, Cas pulled his fingers out noticing the jolt of reality that coursed through him. They both paused, Cas trying to assess if Dean was ok and Dean trying to assess if he liked it or not. He sat down a little to test it out again. The feel of Cas’ cock there, just brushing, nothing more. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s hip to help him get the angle right, it being his first time trying this.
Cas moved to kiss him again, lips in-between Dean’s and the hand on his hip moved to his thigh, hiking it up, silently asking for more. Dean moved, sliding on top of Cas’ body to cover him top to toe. Two hands explored his back and he sank into it, loving Cas’ touch on him. Each one new and yet somewhat old, like they’d done this before.
“You built a tree house?” Claire asked, doubting his capabilities. Seriously, what was up with Claire and hating on Dean? His daughter came to his rescue before he had a chance to give her some sass back.
Too early for Dean to call it a night he went back downstairs for some mindless TV and a couple of beers. He had left his phone down on the couch, when he picked it up, he saw he had a message from Cas.
She pursed her lips at the name. “I see you haven’t responded to the email concerning the annual Autumnal Fete bake sale.”
Cas realised he needed to be careful. This could become more complicated than what’s it’s worth. Heaven forbid he got something more than orgasms, like feelings or attachments.
“A little birdy told me your bunk buddy is brewing up Angel Grace,” He said to Dean. Dean was glad for the taffy chocolate in his mouth inhibiting him from replying with words, he pointed to his mouth signally he couldn’t respond. “A simple head nod or shake will suffice.”
“You text or call me if…” Dean said to his brother over his shoulder as he stood out onto the porch.
“I wanna dance!” The girl pulled at Dean’s jaw to bring his attention to her. Her hands on him left a sour taste in Cas’ mouth he couldn’t blame on the sugar filled drink in his hand.
“They’re definitely getting snow down their backs.” He noted, watching the pair of them wiggle around from the deck. “Probably should bring them in after this.”
“Fuck sake Benny.” Dean groaned. He was so not in the mood to trek all the way back to the shed to re-fill the bucket and carry it all the way back here.
“Cas did it for me.” She twisted in his grasp, almost blinding him with the new weapon attached to her. Charlie had hair almost to her elbows and as thick as Rapunzel’s looked. Yes, Dean knew what it looked like. His daughter liked to remind him that they had matching eyes. To be fair, they kinda did when he was trying to win her over. He inspected the braid, looked like it wasn’t about to fall out and didn’t look like it was pulling her scalp.
Dean needed to take it slow, slower now that he knew a bit more about Cas. That Cas had a hard time letting people in after what those assholes did in that hellhole he was in, whatever it was. The story left him with questions, what was the hell he was in, what did they do to him, really do to him in there for all those years. He wanted to ask, tried asking at the diner till their food came then he remembered it’s Cas’ first date, ever, he didn’t want to bring the mood down too much. Cas deserved a great first date. He could wait, wait as long as he could till Cas was ready, for anything and everything.
Turned on being an understatement, fit to burst more like. His running shorts tightening beyond belief that he started to roll his hips down into his mattress to find any inch of relief. Sucking Dean shouldn’t make him this turned on and yet there he was, moaning around a cock that he wanted so desperately inside of him. The thoughts of being stretched around Dean, the feel of him inside of Cas, how filled he’d feel with Dean buried, it was overwhelming.
“Cas,” he whined, body starting to shake with frustration. Cas wasted no time, hearing the desperation in his voice, his hand reached in to take a hold of Dean’s aching cock. Dean shot his head back, arching into the touch. “Fuck –
His arm stung from the impact of it none the less though it was a welcoming distraction from the fact that Cas confirmed to Dean’s voice being sinful. He’d know after all. Clearly Dean wasn’t as quiet as he thought he was either. Fortunately, this time he didn’t have to be quiet.
He ran a hand over it. His body twitched with wanting to sink into it, wanting the weight of Cas on top of him pushing him into the softness of the brush cotton sheets.
“I just want you to be safe ok?” he smiled hopefully showing her that he wasn’t mad, and she didn’t need to be worried about it. It seemed to do the trick. Her smile perked up again. She nodded. “Alright, go knock yourself out on the slide.”
And it was at least once a day, sometimes twice depending on if Cas was in their cell during their day time lock up. The reason why he was missing count was still ongoing, but he was always back in the night time for some hands-on time with Dean. Hands-on time Dean spent most of the day looking forward to. He was gone on his celly, so pathetically gone on him and it was getting increasingly harder to keep this straight guy gig up.
“Next time you land yourself down here Dean, I’ll forget you even exist and let you rot till your decomposing body is smelled all the way in gen pop. Do I make myself clear?” Shurley, the warden, man who ran the whole prison from his ivory heavenly tower warned.
“Handsome, good looking, sexy,” He can see the pink getting brighter on Cas’ ears, can see it come up the side of his neck. Is he making Cas uncomfortable or flustered? It was hard to tell. He keeps going anyway. “Oh, and I think some dude called me smokin’ once.” He finishes with a smirk.
“Sweetheart? What about sweetheart?” Dean asks. He has his hand behind his head, looking up at the ceiling. His chest is rising and falling steadily, a far cry from his bated breathes moments prior.
Cas responded in an eye roll and made a point of telling everyone he made them, not Dean out of retaliation. It was fun enough with him around, most of the parenting things were if Dean admitted it. It kind of felt like they were the outcasts and content being them. They both left when they deemed it was an acceptable time, sneaking away before Ms. Oak roped them into something.
He spies Dean at the bookcase, leaning in to inspect the names of the books. It takes a second for Castiel to register which particular book he’s looking at.
.” He pleas, trying and failing to arch his body which only makes things hotter. His cock leaking and Dean hasn’t even touched him yet, not really.
“Shame, guess we’ll have to keep those dirty little secrets to ourselves then.” Balthazar adds to the taunting. Damn, now Dean really wants to know. Cas’ drink is half gone already. What could his neighbor be hiding? Secretly a vampire? A murderer? The actual angel from his story?
“I mean it was good but just…” How could he say it? It was missing Cas. It was never going to be as good as Cas doing it to him. Nothing was ever going to compare, and it wasn’t like Dean even knew but at the same time he just
He put his hand out to help Cas out. The Russian swatted it away, got himself up and stormed off into the kitchen. Dean looked over his shoulder to Sam and Gabriel. The other Russian was up on the counter, holding his head back to stop his nose from bleeding and smiling at Sam with a bloody mouth. Least he was alive, and chirpy.
“Do it! Do it! Do it!” People chanted, hyping his friend up to do the body shot. Cas took a gulp of his drink, eyes never moving away from Dean. Dean looked around his surroundings, catching Cas looking at him. He lifted his cup to Dean, saluting his endeavor like a good sport even though deep down his jealousy turned sour.
“I will Dean, I’ll take care of you.” Cas promised. Dean believed him. They stayed like that, close, breathing the same air while Cas’ hand took Dean’s cock, jacking him off to bring him over the edge. Dean gripped tight onto Cas’ hair. “Come on Dean, cum for me.”
The Impala is parked on a dirt track off the road. He can’t drive when he’s angry and he’s angry. His hands grip right onto the steering wheel to ground him but it’s no use. Cas keeps going and going.
His voice started to crack as the thoughts of what they’d do to him if his truth came out made their way to the front of his brain. If Alastair knew he was attracted to men, if anyone knew he was. They’d destroy him. There would be nothing left of him. The thought of them knowing terrified Dean to his very core. Cas shushed him, thumbs soothing around his face sensing his growing anxiety.
They stayed like that, almost drifting back to sleep till there was a loud knock on the door bringing them back to reality. “Coffees brewing, you two are on breakfast duty, up and at it, boys.”
“C’mon Cas, give it back.” Dean reached for it. Cas was swift, moving it to his other hand and extending his arm over to the other side away from him. As tempted as it was to play this game, his daughter was less than ten feet away, so he restrained himself and slouched back into the bench. “You’re a dick sometimes, you know that?”
That night he was sitting at the desk clearing out his drawer. It seemed Cas put most of his belongings that had been on the desk in there when he got thrown in the Empty, as if he knew that Dean would be returning which was odd.
“Wait,” Dean scrambled up to look behind him to see Cas walking into his room with purpose. “You wanna do this now?”
Sam gave up trying to argue. He knew it was a lost cause and Dean was as stubborn as a bull when he wanted to be. It would be wasted breath on him. The code was of interest to Dean though. He could read it in the books that Sam must have, or he could it first-hand, if Cas was up to divulging those details.
Some memories are being pieced together in his mind, Dean carrying him to his car, a hand in his hair, something about burritos that he will make sure to eat at some point today if he gets the chance to. There is a Mexican place near his apartment, not as good as the truck at college but would suffice to fill his craving.
Whatever was happening between them within their cell had started to wriggle its way outside of it. A week into their new relationship and they were starting to give Sam and Gabriel a run for their money. Dean and Cas were inseparable. If they weren’t working, they were glued at the hip, or chest to back, or shoulder to thigh. It started to feel strange when Dean didn’t have a part of Cas touching him.
Cas seemed ok with this, probably more than ok with this. He moved his arm and wrapped it around Dean’s bare knee grounding himself. Okay, scratch that, Cas definitely was more than ok with this.
He reluctantly let’s go of Dean’s warm calloused hand when they reach the diner, Dean holds the door open again for him.
“Never been this close to another dude’s dick before.” Dean said with a slight chuckle. His breathe drifted to Cas’ cock, making it twitch on its own accord. Shit.
Cas shushed him, running his hands over Dean’s body, careful not to push in too quickly. Staying on his knees he leaned over to capture Dean’s mouth to silence him some more. Dean moaned into his mouth but accepted his kiss, accepted the distraction enough to slow down his labored breathes. Cas wanted them labored, just not yet, not before he bottomed out and felt himself balls deep inside of Dean.
“Cas,” Dean imitates his voice, the deep monotone. He can’t hold the deadpan stare for too long, breaking into a smirk. “I just wanna type in my phone number, save us from getting the times wrong again if we can actually contact each other to check.”
A logical conclusion.  He hadn’t anticipated his reaction to touching Dean to be as intense as it was. Cas cherished their friendship. Not blind to the way his best friend looked but equally blind to its appeal till he had his hand on his cock. It caused him to see his friend in a whole new light. A dimmed laptop screen light to be exact. The arousal he got watching Dean fall apart from his hands had yet to be matched with anyone else since the second time it happened.
“Cas, sorry man, she’s just excited.” he leaned over to get a look at his daughter. “And a brat!” he called out to her. She was jumping around with Claire who was sporting a neon green alien outfit not listening to her Dad. Charlie had picked out a good present, she knew her friend well. Music carried out into the porch he was standing in along with the noise of other kids and adults too. He put his attention back on Cas, the guy was wearing a white shirt, sleeves rolled up and a pair of glasses he’d never seen Cas wear before. Black rims surrounding his eyes.
“I don’t know, you just look like,” she looked up at him trying to decipher his face. He wondered what she was picking up on. Dean tried to hide whatever he was feeling. “I don’t know, sad? Maybe I’m seeing things.” she shrugged, giving up.
More dings came up on his phone from Bumble, he turned his phone to silent. He enjoyed his time with Cas, the last thing on his mind was whoever had matched with him on Bumble or whatever response Benny or Lydia had given him from their conversations last night after he tucked Charlie in. He poured in the melted chocolate to the mix that Cas was moving around with a wooden spoon. It gave it a marbled effect till it was completely folded in, like when Dean mixed paints for doing paint jobs on cars.
“Yours, I’m all yours.” He told him, meaning every word. His pet name as permanent to him as the ink on Cas’ body. His hands went into Cas’ hair to hold onto something to meet his brutal thrusts. His orgasm was building, he could feel it. The encroaching bolt of lightning being forged inside of him.
Benny was good, he was. Dean couldn’t fault him really. It just wasn’t enough. It wasn’t what he knew Cas was capable of doing.
Dean skates his fingers over the scars, each one he gives equal attention. One after the other, line after line he touches them like he’s witnessing them, like he’s acknowledging their existence and Cas eyes start to well under his hands.
Cas leaned down to kiss him again, frightened once more of other words making their way into the aether. Dean took his face again. His hands moved to take a hold of Cas’ neck to keep him close.
The guard, Zachariah, did the count, passing them clicking the clicker in his hand and eyeing them up.
“Ehhh,” he took another sip of his cola, trying to figure out how to respond to that question without acting suspicious. He scratched at his chin, knee bouncing under the table. “Fine yeah.”
“Daddy, I found what I wanna get her!” The concept of saying anything without yelling also lost on her. It was either shouting at the top of her lungs or whispering, there was rarely any in between. He noticed some parents looking at him like did he really leave a four-year-old unattended? What kind of Father was he? He hated the stares and yes, he was well aware he was reading too much into them. A single Dad came with some serious baggage attached to it and he was still working his way through it. The toothy smile of Charlie in her knight in shining armor costume made the stares worth it. He hunkered down to get to her level and see what she was pointing at.
“Dean.” Sam nodded a hello. Charlie smiled. Dean acknowledged them back in a nod. The Russians started talking in Russian, as if the others weren’t even there.
“I am dressed up. I’m a lumberjack.” Dean patted the red and black flannel, slipped his fingers under his tan braces and snapped them. Cas’ throat gulped rather loudly, or else they were standing rather close, either way Dean heard it and it gave him a fleeting thought that Cas enjoyed that. Cas gave him no inclination he swung that way though, so Dean kept his thoughts and flirting to himself. He took out Charlie’s plastic axe from his bag pocket.
“Never.” the Russian smiled, licking one corner of his mouth as he reached in to pull out Dean’s cock that was trapped in his tented trousers and boxers. Its exposure to the air made Dean suck his breath in between his teeth. He wasn’t going to last, this was going to be over embarrassingly fast, like senior prom embarrassing if Dean had gone to one.
“Balthazar.” Cas’ voice low and deep, like a warning. Yeah, Dean needs to hear that voice again in a private setting, or the bathroom round back, he aint fussy.
“I am content hiding for the time being, if I require anything more, I will ask.” Gabriel goes back to the front. His friends floured hand leaves a mark on his knee. He would be lost without him, so he leaves it there enjoying the symbolism of it.
“Castiel, if you expect me to stay longer than an hour with a bunch of kids, I’m going to need something stronger than beer.” A voice gradually got louder as a shorter, chestnut slicked back haired tango dancer with fake moustache came into the sitting room Dean and Cas were standing in. Scratch that, porn star not tango dancer.
Cas went, rolling over onto his back to catch his breath. He licked his lips, savouring the mild salted taste of Dean. The bed shifted and Dean got up. Cas watched him pull his boxers and jeans back up with haste. His face flushed but brows furrowed. He grabbed his jacket and history book.
Dean stayed behind. Eyes fixated on Cas’. He was unsure if Dean had even registered the girl had left. Not that Cas particularly cared either way, the slow predatory advancement of Dean towards him was enough to let him know that he was in for something.
Its busy on a Sunday, all day breakfast is taken advantage of. They spy a free both and take it, sliding in opposite each other with their jackets discarded on the nearby coat rack. The waiter, one Castiel doesn’t recognise comes over with menus and takes their drink orders.
“Yes neighbor, I will feed you.” He replies. Dean slides in beside him, careful not to touch him. Castiel’s aware of it, he’s glad Dean still wants to be around him but conscious that he’s trying to keep his physical distance. He closes the door behind Dean and makes a mental note to keep his hands to himself. Perhaps Castiel did over step in that aspect even if he managed to half convince himself that Dean enjoyed it, perhaps it was his imagination.
“Smile Castiel, would ya? It’s not like it’s gonna to kill ya,” Gabriel says to him nudging his shoulder. He rolls his eyes at his friend and lifts his mouth to the biggest fakest smile he can manage. “Never mind, you’re going to scare off the customers.”
“Fuck yeah, I’ll show you.” Dean replied. He pulled Cas in closer to him, hand slipping under his shirt to touch his skin. The pace picked up, new energy coursed through Dean to show Cas what he could do, how he could get them both off at the same time. As always wanting to show he was good and as always, he was.
“I don’t know, is it Gordon?” Dean asked his smile not wavering from his face. Cas moved his head from the crook of Dean’s neck he had been becoming very friendly with to Gordon, waiting for his answer.
Dean makes them coffee. He plants the steaming hot mug in front of Castiel but remains leaning against the counter to drink his. Castiel is unsure why Dean is keeping his distance now they are both awake. They were enmeshed in each other during the night. He returns his focus to Dean’s question. Reminiscing about his childhood with those from it.
“Hey sweetheart.” Dean put his hand over his kid’s hair. The hair-tie was gone, mane loose and to the wind. That was going to be a pain to untangle later. He just hoped she took it out recently and not actually during class hours. Dean couldn’t cope with another letter in her bag.
“Yes, that would be helpful.” Cas said. He went to the side to grab two aprons. One black, one dark grey. “Which one?”
“Hey dude, can I pay for this?” the customer asks. He’s tall, very tall with long brown hair tucked behind his ears and two pies in his hands holding them out to Castiel to pay for.
Cas pulled one of Dean’s ass cheeks to the side and then the pad of his thumb rested against his rim. He paused for a few breathes and started to push in. Dean buried his head in his pillow, hands taking purchase of the sheets to hold on to something. Cas pushed in, then out and back in slow and steady then his thumb vanished completely to be replaced by a finger, delving into Dean’s ass knuckle deep.
He checked his phone. No messages. It grated at him more than he liked to admit. He took a sip of his beer, ignoring his brother’s jibe. “You working tomorrow?”
“My ex-husband and I.” Cas clarified. Oh yeah, the ex. Dean had momentarily forgot, lost in the goodness of the day.
just to make it clear what Dean had been getting at with the video. His leg bounced, waiting for his friend to notice the message and respond. He could see Cas online. What in the hell was taking him so long to open Dean’s window? A minute past before
She moved back, tapped her nose and walked off towards the library before he had a chance to ask her what the hell, she meant by that.
His body rushes with more heat than his run gave him from the comment. Dean runs his hands over Cas’ bare chest, his head rests on Cas’ shoulder, watching as Cas’ cock starts to harden with his light touches.
“I don’t want to hurt you.” Cas said, peppering kisses down his chest now his neck was further away from him.
Dean wanders around while Castiel drains the pasta. He’s curious to see what Dean is looking at and makes quick work adding the bacon, cream and parmesan to the pot. Castiel’s apartment isn’t much but its home. He has stacks of books everywhere, his bookcases overflowing, and he has yet to buy a new one, even his coffee table has books on it. His desk is similar to his one at work, the computer with a cup of pens and a shoe box of scraps of paper. His bed parallel to one of the windows, his bedside table also with a shoebox with scraps of paper, some with scribbles of his dreams on them, some blank ready for writing on. His kitchen is near the front door, it’s small, he doesn’t need anything more than what he has.
“Dean! No!” Sam’s voice called out above the rest. If he looked at his brother, he’d drown and he couldn’t drown, he needed to survive, feel alive and this was what made Dean feel more alive than anything. Dean straddled Gordon, fists colliding with his face over and over and over like a machine. One hit after the next, the blood spilled from Gordon’s face, the bones in Dean’s hands were cracking, knuckles mixing with the blood of the bastard under him.
When Cas had it set up, he settled back into the couch. They had yet to buy a new one, so the boys were already pretty close already, that didn’t stop Dean from closing the gap more, shuffling over so that their sides touched, kneecap to shoulder. There was no point hiding what was about to happen.
“So, it’s not true.” Rufus clarified. Dean stomped out his cigarette, stood up off the table and went to Rufus so he could hear it loud and clear.
He looked at the tattoo, the circle half-filled in black, half left bare to show that Dean ran with the Bratva. Sam had the same one, given to him from Gabriel the night before Sam left.
“Thanks cutie.” One of the girl’s friends says. He sighs knowing she’s leaning back to check out his ass, working at the bar gave him a whole new level of perspective for objectifying people. Dean ignores the comment and heads back behind the bar. He can hear the whistles and cheers as he walks away.
The girl turned to putty for Dean, unable to continue to kiss him as her orgasm build from Dean’s hands. She leaned back against the shelf. Dean planted kisses on her neck while he worked her over the edge. He looked confident, sure of himself and his abilities. Cas enjoyed it. Images of Dean taking control of Cas, the slight smile on his lips knowing what he was doing was making it difficult for Cas to concentrate on much else. His cock ached for being trapped in his jeans with nowhere to go.
The pause is unbearable now, feels like an age since he asked it. He’s about to hop off the machine, go crawl into a corner and ride out the rejection when Cas moves, moves in front of Dean. Their eyes meet, green meets blue then blue drops to Dean’s lips. Lips that want to touch his so bad it’s starting to burn in his chest and make its way up his throat. That want, that desire turning their little spark into something bigger. He wants Cas to set fire to him already.
The hand in Dean’s hair moved to his face, brushing his thumb against Dean’s stubble. He leaned into it. Moth to a flame. “And when you let me touch you like this, I know it’s not because I own you either. I know there is this secret part of you that likes it, a part that likes my hands on you, my mouth on you. A part that wants me to fuck you, maybe even to love you.” He let his forehead drop to hit Cas’, closing his eyes to not let Cas see how his words were affecting him “Why are you hiding that part from me Dean?”
They were going to grab him, raise him, use him like a cheap whore and kill him. Maybe his soul would go to Heaven, too, cleansed of every impurity like he was nothing but a sword to temper by fire.
The tunnel let out in a grating behind a fishmonger’s shack. As Dean pushed the manhole cover aside and climbed out into what passed for daylight around here, he was hit with a corpse-stench so strong he almost puked. He took a moment to breathe in through his mouth and bent down to help Alastair up. He could see the demon watching him with a smirk. “Such a gentleman, Dean.” But he let Dean pull him out of the hole. When Alastair was replacing the cover Dean looked around. Piled in heaping crates for display in the front of the shack was a collection of blue, bulging eyes; purpled tongues; Dean stepped out of the way of the crowd of demons that pressed along the wharf and bumped into a hanging bucket of fingers, which swayed, one of the ones on top falling to the packed mud at his feet.
Cas nodded, with a little shrug. “I suppose he was,” he admitted. He squinted at Uriel questioningly. “Do
The janitor, picking up his stuff, gave Cas a nasty eye. “Watch where you’re going,” he said. Cas winced down at his hand as he stood up, and then stopped short—there was a red cut on his hand. He looked at it, confused.
. His favorites: serial killer who’d never gotten caught, war criminal, housewife who’d blackmailed six different lovers. The funny thing about the last one was where she was getting her ability to hang on from. She’d never known pain like this in her life. Still, there she was facing him with defiance in her eyes again, even with hooks pushed through her skin, hanging like a stuck pig. “I’ll fucking kill you, you creep, you just wait till I get out of here.”
Dean stepped through the portal, hefting his weapons, but a quick wind passed by him, and by the time he’d walked through the portal entirely, his weapons had vanished. Well, that’s not good, he thought. Maybe I could just grab Cas and run?
“Of course,” said Cas, taking the stack and trying to keep it upright. “If you don’t mind me asking, in my previous job, I also signed papers. I don’t suppose I’ll be doing anything in addition to that now?”
When Alastair finally called a halt Dean didn't actually process it for a moment, just realized he wasn't moving anymore and the scream in his joints and the soles of his feet protested, as though complaining about the sudden lack of abuse. Jolted out of his pleasant numbness. They were on the edge of a canyon, striated, striking out to either side and opening vastly beneath him, below the shadeless sky. For a moment, absurdly, he wondered how they'd managed to walk all the way out of Hell and to the Grand Canyon without him noticing. Then he saw the sluggish ooze of lava crackling past underneath and realized—right. It only looked like the Grand Canyon. If the Grand Canyon was filled with lava, that is.
The spell seemed to be taking hold. A form was coalescing out of darkness, pulling itself together like the Leviathan had, in purgatory. Something that looked like Cas if he’d been dipped in tar; eyes shining with a blue light, fingers dripping black goo.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him. “Careful,” he laughed, “you’re gonna get yourself arrested if you go on like that.”
“Don’t,” Dean snapped. He slammed the door open, marching out of the dungeon. He hated the sight of that place—he never wanted to set foot in there again.
Dean stepped down the first crumbling stone step, hand gliding against the side to steady himself in his descent. Alastair stayed behind for a bare moment, casting his eye over the life he’d built for himself. Well, the trappings of it. He’d never felt at home anywhere but the racks, and they weren’t visible from here.
It was bad, that much was obvious. Alastair was an old and powerful demon, the High Inquisitor himself. He didn’t run.
“Okay,” he said. “So the rules of this place are different.” At least, Dean thought he said that. His mouth moved, he could feel the words in his throat, but when he spoke they disappeared into the complete soundlessness around him; that lack of anything that made him wonder if he even had a body at all.
Uriel looked away from the device, scanning the room and every face in it. Cas swallowed hard, hoping he did not look suspicious. In fact, he was the only one in the entire room who
But Cas must have. He must have come here alone, sometime when the two weren’t speaking, maybe when things were falling apart between them, and put on the movie that made him remember what was so worth saving about the world.
•I imagine that Dean's thinking about Star Trek (specifically The Wrath of Khan) at the line "How do you like that no-win scenario?"
Cas tiptoed into his and Dean’s room. “I just put Jack to sleep,” he said, shutting the door behind him.
, when his vacuum hit something under a chair. He turned it off and crouched on the floor, peered under the chair to see what the problem was.
If something had gone wrong with the Apocalypse, she was going to kill Dean. But she'd have to find him first.
Dean couldn't even process what he was feeling. Disbelief? Resignation? Anger? Joy? It passed through him like water, making his limbs buzz. Whatever it was, he wanted it gone. He wanted that clean numbness back. "So I'm a cosmic pawn."
He didn't even notice when he finally came until it had happened, and he was spurting onto the shining metal ground.
Dean, Alastair thought with an ironic twist to his lips, was very fond of the give-them-hope-and-snatch-it-away approach. He’d gotten his first big break through the slow psychological undoing of a soul, giving it a hellhound as a pet, letting it gather meager scraps of comfort from the puppy before he killed the bitch in front of it. As a wet-off-the-rack newbie, his unique approach had earned him whispers of respect that catapulted him to notoriety in record time. And he kept at it. Always trying something new and inventive, when others would stick to the tried-and-true, too scared of not getting results to really play around. This wasn’t his finest work, but it still had the flair Alastair had come to associate with the infamous Dean Winchester.
Sam reached into his jacket, pulled out a knife, and Dean nodded, taking a blade from the holster at his ankle. The air was warm and still; safe. He grinned. His own blade pressed to Sam’s chest and feeling an answering coldness against his shirt. “On three?”
It had been a pretty good shirt. Dean didn't exactly begrudge it this second life, but he was cold, and colder without it. He crossed his arms and stood within the circle, hoping the seraph would get his ass down here asap so they could leave. He felt exposed; whenever he moved inadvertently or scuffed his foot against the metal ground, the echo crawled back around as though it was trying to aim for his neck. He had to fight the urge to scan the place constantly, as though looking for whatever it was that was watching him. There was no place for anything corporeal to hide. And if it wasn't—well, Dean wouldn't exactly be able to kill it.
“You’re a bastard,” Lilith sighed. “I don’t know why I expect any sympathy. There’s a reason why some are the big picture people and others just…” she smiled at him, thinly. “Grovel and scrape. Minion!”
They hadn’t really had time to do things like watch movies together after they’d fixed things between them. Dean regretted a lot of things, but nothing had quite the same hollow ache of realizing he’d thrown away his and Cas’ last year together because he’d been angry, because it had made him feel better to lash out. They’d made up; but then with Chuck, and Jack, and Billie and the end of the world (again) they’d never really had a moment to sit down and catch their breath.
Dean smiled, and god it hurt; it hurt and he could feel the tears gathering at his eyes, but he smiled. “Fuck yes.” And somehow Sam was smiling too, and then Cas, looking deeply at both of them, nodded in agreement.
“Aww,” Lilith said. “It’s a right love story between you too,” she said cheerily, clapping her hands together. “It’s sickening.”
“No,” Cas said. And then again, louder; like repeating it would make anything different, like he was creating a new word out of anguish. “
"Alastair…" Dean stood up. It didn't matter what he was feeling. What he thought about this Apocalypse plan. What he thought about starting it all. The buzz that went through him, liquid and bright, when he heard Alastair's words—it wiped all that out. He crowded Alastair at the cave opening, uncaring of the drop down to lava miles below. Kissed him, sharp with teeth; rolled his hips forward and let out an exhale when Alastair reached round his ass, pulling him closer, steering the wild, uncoordinated rut into something purposeful, dragging his fingers around the waistband of Dean's jeans. Dean sucked at Alastair's exposed skin, fumbling for the buttons on his mentor's shirt. He didn't know what he was feeling, but it was at the tips of his fingers, it was tracing its heated way down his body.
Dean had a whole month of free time on his hands, now, that he didn’t know what to do with. On earth, forty years ago, he’d have spent the time finding a good lay, conning folks out of their money, and looking for something to hunt. It sounded pretty pathetic when he thought about it; but there it was, the truth: he was a fucking workaholic. In Hell, that meant spending time with a few of his special projects. Like he’d let Bela lay one rotting claw on
Dean stared at his husband uncomprehending, before looking back down at his cup. The dark liquid was swirling, looking thicker and darker than it had any right to.
"Yours. Your instrument, your toy, your protege, all yours. It doesn't matter it doesn't matter what you do it doesn't matter—"
“These are stressful,” said Cas, flatly, putting down another contract. “I’m going to take a break.” He got up. “I’ll just be a minute.”
“Oh,” Dean said. “Okay.” He looked away, faintly embarrassed. The sweets seemed a little more appetizing, all of a sudden, and he reached for more. He left the blood half-finished.
Dean tilted his head back, let his eyes flutter shut. He could no longer see Alastair, but felt his nearness like a prickle of want; the heat of skin against the cold. He was moving faster, sweat smooth, a whine caught in his throat, aching for touch, but Alastair only stepped closer. So close the static between their skin tingled. Not touching yet.
Dean regarded Cas. “Yeah,” he said at last. “But I—I don’t know what to do about it… I just wish it weren’t so quiet around here. I wish we had more time together to build something.” He shrugged, “I don’t know, maybe start a family or—”
“Fight me, you son of a bitch,” Dean shouted, but the Empty didn’t even seem to hear him anymore, and when he tried to catch hold of it, somehow he missed each time, as though it was always a little bit off from where he’d been aiming.
He curled up, face pressed to his knees, when the sky got too much for him. When he felt like he was gonna puke from the open upside-down-ness of it all, half convinced he would fall spinning off the mountain. He pressed his hands into his knees through the fabric of his jeans. Pinched himself till the sharp bite of pain reminded him he wasn't going anywhere. He drifted far.
Right, Dean realized. This was a human party, full of people who were trigger-happy around angels at best. Cas might be able to join in, but why would he feel welcome?
. The serpent seemed to roll toward itself like a hundred ball bearings, breaking apart as it did, and then it was something humanoid, covering its body with three pairs of wings; it was so tall that its head, before it bent down to her, hidden by the top pair of wings, almost reached the battle above. But it did bend down, almost kneeling, and then two hands were grasping her head, and the wings covering its face opened; the eyes, on a smooth, masklike humanoid face, were staring into her.
“Well I hate to see your family torn apart. And since Samuel asked, I couldn’t just turn the boy down,” she said, as Sam walked into the room with a box of assorted ingredients.
Cas walked quickly away from his house, walking purposefully toward the park. The shiny gazebo was sitting in the middle of nice paths and a bed of yellow and pink flowers, and Anna was leaning against the side of the rail and looking into the distance. She turned her head when he arrived, her red hair shining in the sunlight.
His voice permeated Dean. He turned his head back around, eyes shutting not wanting to do anything that would make Cas not do this to him. He wanted this, freakin’ needed this. Dean had been begging for weeks for this. He wasn’t about to blow it on not following orders.
His dick twitched at that remark. This was not going to end well. Dean fixed himself in his sweats willing it to stay down.
Unknowing when his roommate would be returning Dean decided to do this in his bedroom, on the other side of the living space to Cas’. The rooms were pretty much identical, double bed shoved to one side, desk filled with textbooks at the bottom of it, wardrobe, chest of drawers to the side. It was all non-descript and functional. He had his record player in here, along with a photo of he and Sammy but other than that he kept it basic.
Dean felt they were out of the danger zone, though Cas was far from out of it. He was raging in his chair. That Cas would say that, to his family of all people and put Dean on the spot like that. Was this Cas getting back at him for not cuddling with him earlier?
A face inside a diner on his walk to the local art store on a Saturday afternoon stopped him in his tracks. Cas wore his hood, only looking up because someone had almost run into him, too busy on their phone not paying attention. Some sharp remark was on his tongue when he saw those pretty green eyes staring at him.
As complete darkness fell again onto Dean, he heard steps outside of his cell. Change of guards he assumed, things were unpredictable in the Empty, nothing like Purgatory. He didn’t pay too much attention to it till he heard the lock unbolting on his door. Dean sat up in his lame excuse for a bed. The door swung open. Light flooded in from the hall blinding Dean. His hand came up to shield his eyes.
Dean nodded, words failing him as they usually did. The Russian pressed his mouth to Dean’s collarbone, easiest part for him to reach at this angle. His mouth hot and wet from licking them before touching his skin. Dean inhaled from the sensation of it, it being too long since someone’s mouth had been on him in this way. He hated how tactile he was sometimes, how much his body responded to things like this, something as simple as Cas’ tongue licking the into the dip of his collarbone.
Cas doesn’t clarify. He’s content with leaving his neighbor to his own devices while he grabs a glass of water, a bowl (just in case) and fishes out what Dean presumes are pajamas from one of Cas’ drawers. He lets out a laugh. Yesterday Cas had put Dean into his pajamas and tonight Dean’s putting Cas into it in a completely non-sexual way. It feels like they’re doing everything backwards. Domesticated already.
He could feel his eyes filling up. His body slacked in Cas’ grip. Cas noticed it and let go of all his onslaughts. He pulled up Dean’s pants. Arms wrapped around him, holding him tight as the first tear fell onto his cheek.
“Jesus Christ man you scared the crap out of me!” Dean grips to where his heart is. The guy is looking at him like he’s never seen another human being before. It makes Dean feel he’s an animal in a zoo or something. And while he’s at it since when could eyes be that blue?
“Yeah Dean, sit your ass down.” Rufus said. Reluctantly he did what he was told, sitting back down on the table beside Sam. His brother handed him another cigarette. He took it.
“Cas, please I can’t – I can’t take it much longer, I need to - please.” He pleaded with a broken voice. A voice he had been straining from his protests before.
He felt his cheeks flush with the mushy compliment. He knew his Mom had been dying for him to bring home someone to meet her. She initially had her hearts set on a high school romance and when that didn’t pan out, she moved onto college sweethearts. All she wanted was for Dean to be happy, settled down. He was happy, just not settled down.
Cas had burgers, fries, onion rings pretty much everything Dean loved. He tried not to seem impressed, wanted to keep that stuck up dickhead aware he was still pissed off but the more he ate the harder it got. That food was so damn good, dripping in so much grease that he wanted to lick his fingers clean. Cas did lick his fingers clean more than once, or at least his thumbs and index fingers, sucking them clean before he would touch his own beer. It was hard to stay angry with that too, a whole other spectrum of feelings came over him then, ones that needed him to stretch his leg out, so his jeans didn’t feel so tight in the crotch.
Gauze, needle, threat, anti-septic spray, tweezers. Everything he’s going to need to stitch Dean up.
Dean had only wanted to help but perhaps he put his foot into something bigger than he intended. “I mean, if your Dad is cool with it.” Attempting to save it, hoping he had and not just turned Cas into the bad guy if he had to say no to his daughter at her freakin’ birthday party.
“Sweet dreams Charlie.” He ran a hand over her head. Silently wishing she could stay four forever, just be his bundle of energy and still have faith in the world. The older she got the more clued in she would get but right now, right now she was blissfully naïve like kids should be. He closed the door over.
They look at each other like they’re communicate telepathically. Sam nods his head with a devious smile while Jess shakes it with those crazy eyes, she can do that puts the fear of God in anyone who dares cross her. He tries to deduce it himself. If Sam wants to tell Dean something, something that he knows Dean will want to know but Jess doesn’t want Dean to know whatever it is they both know then that can only mean one thing.
“I’m not,” Dean lets his head drop back onto the hard wood floor in a thud, his chest rising and falling trying to get his breath back. “though I am a little sticky.” His finger runs lazily through Castiel’s mess. His afterglow makes him dopey, Castiel knows the feeling, inhibitions non-existent and he gathers some of his cum on his finger too, brings it to Dean’s mouth to taste it. Dean’s mouth warm around his finger. It’s still hot even after their orgasms.
“Oi, you two, stop messing around or I’ll write you both up.” A guard called out. Whatever about the navy guards being piss poor excuses of authority, these guys from Hell were not playing around. Dean reluctantly threw the concrete onto the wall for next brick and not onto Benny.
Dean nodded understanding. Cas was/is an orphan. He didn’t work in pity, assumed Cas didn’t either. It was said matter of fact rather than looking for some sympathy about it. He supposed he might as well be an orphan too at this rate, or at least in a few months he would be, unless the date got delayed. The cell lit up again and distracted from going down that hole of dark and twisty.
He slept amazingly, best night’s sleep in a long time, curled up with Cas and his strong arms holding Dean close to him. His sex haze not giving a crap, needing to be close to Cas and looked after. Dean remembered reading something about after-care before in his Sex and Psychology module in first year. Subs needing to closeness after being overly stimulated to avoid dropping into an emotionally vulnerable state.
“Alright, here we go!” Gabriel came into view, salt, tequila and lime wedges in his hands. Cas moved in closer to see how this all unfolded. He watched Gabriel sprinkle a line of salt from the waist of her jeans to her bellybutton, then pour some tequila into her bellybutton which had her squirming a little so two guys took it upon themselves to hold her still and finally he placed a wedge of lime in her mouth. “Who’s going to be the first one to sample our beautiful Bella right here?”
“Yeah, anything new?” Dean casted his eyes around the yard. The Folk Nation by the gym equipment, the Aryan on the bleachers keeping an eye on each other but remaining distant. They were always at each other’s throats, race wars. Gordon, the guy who landed him in the Empty in the first place was working up a sweat with some barbells. He needed to stay away from Gordon for as long as humanly possible from now on, needed to keep off his radar.
“Yeah, sounds good.” Dean agreed sheepishly. “Probably gonna need more than five minutes to hash this one out eh?”
Dean leaves before Cas does, 8am start at the auto-shop so he doesn’t see him since falling asleep on his couch. He works another hard day. Why don’t people learn how to take better care of their cars? He gets Ash to cover his shift at the Roadhouse because he’s done being on his feet all day and has officially ran out of clean underwear. When he heads down to the basement, he finds Cas sitting on the ground still in his work clothes with a book in his hands.
Dean nodded. He half expected Cas to press harder into it. He didn’t, choosing to run the flat of his palm up the center of Dean’s chest free of bruises up to his neck. Dean’s skin covered in goose bumps from it, hairs standing on edge as Cas’ hand touched his skin so freely, so unashamed and almost tender. It kinda ruined Dean a little.
He sighs, heavily, twice. It’s his new neighbor. The one he has yet to see though knows the sound his deep husked voice from this morning and his ability to carry a humming tune enough for Castiel to dose off to. Appropriate noise levels appear to be something he never learnt growing up.
Dean took more of Cas, halfway down and rested there, sliding his tongue along his cock that was safely secured in his beautiful mouth. Quiet moans escaped Cas’ dry mouth, each one a praise to Dean letting him know how good this was. He could tell Dean listened well, opening his mouth, letting Cas see the saliva drip down and make contact with his balls.
He paused, lifting himself up on his elbow to look down at Cas. His face dimly lit in orange. The Russian wasn’t looking at Dean, eyes stuck to the metal springs above his head, off in a memory, being pulled away from Dean.
Possibly everything. Dean refocused his attention, trying not to get carried away of the idea that the bedroom in his mind was vanishing in front of him. “You’re not allowed love someone, right? In the Bratva. It’s one of your rules.”
Dean curled his lone finger once more, now alone in Cas’ hole like he wasn’t ready and Cas whined, pulling his body away from Dean’s finger that was making itself at home in Cas. He wasn’t going to be at home in Cas. This wasn’t going to become anything. He promised Dean he’d leave him alone once he fucked Cas and he was going to keep his word.
“I’ve never seen anything like it in all my days,” Benny replied. He added another brick to the wall. “Started off when the first wave of Angel Grace died down, there was a lot of demand and not much supply. Inmates were getting real itchy.”
“Hey! Get back here!” the Purgatory guard called out. He turned, about to reach for them when a Hell guard pulled him back. They couldn’t break the line, letting two go was better than letting them all go. Besides, the guards probably knew who Dean and Sam were to the Russians at this stage.
Dean put his mug down. “Good morning Zachariah.” He stuck a hint of attitude into it but refrained from name calling.
He walked down to his kitchen, noticing that it was in fact snowing out the window. It must have come down hard during the night. The sheath of white on the ground untouched and thick. He wondered if the kids had school, if he had work.
“Every day those dickheads will see that name and regret telling me I was good for nothing.” Castiel remembers Gabriel saying when he decided on the name. Gabriel could bake just about anything that had sugar in it. The lack of sweet things in the orphanage meant Gabriel had years of making up to do. His insatiable sweet tooth now earned him a living as proud owner of the best bakery in town.
“I’ll walk you back.” Dean gets up too. The other two make some comment Castiel misses but it leaves Dean with a hint of pink rising up his neck. He throws his rubbish at Sam and darts off before Sam can throw it back without littering. Dean wraps his hand around Castiel’s and Castiel shrugs it off immediately. Eyes dart around to ensure no one saw it.
He spotted Sam and Charlie coming out of them as he headed in, both of their hair slicked back from the water, towels wrapped around their waists. They were deep in conversation.
Cas’ house was easy to spot. It was the only one with the balloons strung from the postbox along. A tell-tale sign there was a birthday party going on inside. Charlie was bouncing in her car seat, already geared up and ready for some birthday fun.
It’s like a standoff. No one is moving, everyone is aware of what is happening. Dean’s mouth still wet from Cas and Cas’ hair a mess from Dean’s hands, both of their cheeks flushed and their pants tight. Cas makes the first move, grabs his book off of the machine and slides down onto the ground opening it up on the page he had marked.
He managed to get to the end of the stairs when Cas pulled him back, pressing up against a wall and locking him in place with his forearm on his chest. “Don’t walk away from me Dean,” his voice angry and set. “You don’t get to walk away from me.”
In the crowd he spotted his friend, dancing with the girl from earlier, her back to his front. She grinded on him, his hands were on her hips, looking down at how her ass met his crotch. Dean eventually lifted his head, seeing Cas staring at him over Bart’s shoulder. This time he didn’t look away. His eyes dragged over he and Bart, seeing what they were doing, tongue coming out to lick his lips. Cas had a fantasy that Dean liked what he saw, maybe wished he was in Bart’s place, pressing his body against Cas’, feeling how hard Cas was for him on the dancefloor.
After the grocery shopping, he dumped her in the bath and noticed the graze on her kneecap. It wasn’t big but needed to be cleaned properly. She hated the anti-septic spray. The first mention of it resulted in Dean running around after her with the spray in his hand. Charlie left a death trap of water in her wake as her hair was soaked still from the bath. He threatened to cut it off if she didn’t stop running, that didn’t work because it was an empty threat. He’d never do that to her and she knew it.
Cas squeezed the base of Dean’s cock, stopping him from cumming. A broken whine came from above him and Dean’s chest heaved but he had done it, punishment complete. Cas showered him in praises. “You’re were so good Dean,” he kissed his thigh, “Such a good boy for me,” another kiss, “The best, let me take care of you now.”
“You hurt me Dean.” Cas’ hand was in his hair, soft and playful much like the mood he was currently in. He lifted his hips up, sliding their clothed cocks alongside one another. Such a tease, such a god damn insufferable sexy tease.
“You good buddy?” Dean asked, hoping his friend wasn’t freaking out or maybe hoping he was freaking out because Dean kinda was.
“Fine. Maybe I’m a little nervous. You trying to tell me you aren’t?” He questioned Cas’ unwavering appearance. Unless his unwavering appearance was his way of holding his nerves in. Nervous was not typically something he had associated with Cas. Confused, bold, sarcastic, slightly dominating…those were more Cas’ forte.
“No, all good here.” Sam smiled. It wasn’t good, it was anything other than good. Nothing was kept secret for long in this place. If the AB knew that Dean couldn’t step out of line, was only time before Gordon found out.
He snapped himself back to the present, sitting on their sofa, beer in hand, feet on the coffee table. He clocked the time, coming up to 10pm. Late again. “Yeah?”
“You promised me you weren’t going anywhere.” He hears Cas mutter. He sighs, scratches the back of his neck debating this in his mind. Cas is drunk, really drunk but there is something else that seems to be going on with his neighbor too. That thousand-mile stare, that heaviness in his heart that’s exposed and he’s wearing on his sleeve since his friends left the bar.
A moan escaped Dean’s mouth with Cas’ words. He couldn’t help it, didn’t want to help it, the feel of Cas’ finger pressed inside of him and the praising name rendered Dean to this state. Submissive, wilful, anything Cas wanted him to be.
He mumbled some sort of a goodbye and walked away with a hell of a lot more problems than he showed up with.
With a sore jaw Cas did his worst, taking Dean as far as he could till, he choked, not enough to gag but enough to swallow around the heated slick cock in his mouth. The sensation had Dean writhing, hips lifting up on their own accord eliciting that gargled sound from Cas again.
“Great, so is Durga gonna want revenge now?” Dean asks. “Since you guys killed her psycho witch girlfriend or whatever?”
Cas adjusts his folded arms, eyes trained Louise slow kissing a man in a motel room. He mutters, “I thought you didn’t like ‘chick flicks.’”
“You don’t—you can do research or something, man, you love that junk.” An exasperated smirk pulls across Dean’s lips. “I’ll get you some big dusty books to make sweet love to while we meet with Suzie Suburbs.”
But Cas leans back, gasping, his eyes glowing. “What are you—” he chokes out as he scrambles away from Dean. He stands up, pushing his palms into his eyes, and bumps into the TV stand. “Stop
“We have a garage?” Dean mugs, just to see Cas’s reaction. He pulls his head up with great effort to bore a hole into Dean’s face, eyes squinting without a hint of humor. Dean cringes, pulls at his collar, and mutters, “Tough crowd,” then fills a glass with water and sets it in front of Cas.
Dean circles around the back of the house while Sam tries to get a look in the front window without looking like a peeping tom. Cas follows Dean and catches a glimpse of movement through a big kitchen window. The couple is making out against the counter, oblivious. He motions silently to Dean, who creeps over to his position. His face lights up for a second, and when Cas looks back, the woman has pulled the top of her dress down.
Hoping the spell still hasn’t reached its full power yet, Dean waffles, chewing his lip. One of the cuts is deep enough for stitches, and, not to be vain, but it’s on his face. The only one he has. So he lets out a puff of air and mutters, “Fine, fine. Just do it.”
“Yeah but we’re not bringing you two,” Sam grumbles as Dean settles back into his seat and puts the car in reverse to back down the road.
“…what?” Cas asks, following behind as Dean has already turned to walk down the hall to the bathroom where the closest first aid kit resides.
Cas pushes himself up on his elbows to watch Dean peel the pants off and toss them on the floor, only to sit on his knees in between Cas’s legs, and stare. Almost absent-mindedly, Dean palms at his own dick in his jeans, adjusting and indulging himself at the same time, before thumbing open his own fly. Cas watches intensely as he shuffles out of his jeans, standing briefly to get them past his knees, before returning to the bed, eyes rolling over the entirety of Cas’s body in front of him. He slips one finger in the waistband of Cas’s underwear and pauses.
“I dunno man, maybe a queen laid a bunch of eggs at the same time or something, xenomorph style,” Dean suggests.
It lands in Dean’s stomach, knocking the wind out of him. He doubles over, waving a fist haphazardly in Cas’s general direction. “Man, I’m not—Can you just fucking chill?” he breathes once he gets his bearings.
“Okay,” Sam shrugs. “So, uh…I guess we head back to Kansas? Do some research on how to find Durga before she unearths more spirits?”
Cas just shakes his head. Dean shrugs and steps back into the bathroom to finish brushing. When he looks up, Cas is looming in the doorway. Dean holds his gaze in the mirror. Then he makes the conscious decision to slowly spit the toothpaste in the sink in a manner that anyone (but Dean) might describe as pornographic. Neon blue flashes in Cas’s eyes as he takes an audible gulp, then blinks and shakes his head. The lamps in the bedroom flicker out silently.
Dean pushes the notebooks aside and starts with the massive leather tome near the end. A puff of dust wheezes over his face when he cracks the cover open. He coughs and realizes there’s no way he can do this without a beer, at least.
“We have a meeting with the head of the homeowner’s association tomorrow,“ Sam explains, “but four people have died in as many days, so we need help keeping a lookout tonight.”
“Holy shit,” he laughs, still stroking himself lazily. “Gonna need to keep the lights off next time.”
for predictable!” with a big grin. It’s obvious that’s where he’s going with this, right? But when he pulls back, both of them wear matching bewildered expressions.
Later, Dean’s brushing his teeth while Sam bores him with historical data about whatever book he and Cas are reading now. Sam leans on the doorframe, says, “The town that the author is from is the same one that, get this, a medieval Russian witch is rumored to have lived. Well, confirmed to have lived, by Kali. So I looked up how many people lived there—”
Gabriel pulls his mouth into a tight line. “No. But he’s been kinda difficult to locate for a while, in case you haven’t noticed. Angel-proof tattoos and all that.”
Cas brings a hand to Dean’s back, over his shoulder blade, and leans his cheek to the back of Dean’s head, breathes in the scent of his shampoo. He can’t help the smile that pulls across his face, and thinks about how strange it is to experience emotions and physical sensations in a feedback loop, one informing the other.
Cas shakes his head as if to shake the grace out of his eyes. “You should just leave. Until Sam and Eileen get back.”
“So does this make you human again?” Sam asks, after they’ve gone over everything that’s happened in the last twenty four hours a hundredth time. “How many times can you switch species? Is there a limit?”
,” he spits, “to be played with.” He jabs a finger at Dean, backs him into the kitchenette counter. “You should show me some respect.”
Dean nods and leaves the room immediately, fast walking back to his bedroom. Cas stays behind, considering the jug of holy oil still in his hands and not really seeing it at all.
He opens and fixes his eyes on Cas’s, notes to himself three different shades of blue. He  determinedly
“Cas?” He scrambles to him, tries to rouse him by leaning him against the wall, then grabbing his head, cradling his skull with both hands. “Cas c’mon. Please be okay.” Cas is breathing but otherwise unresponsive. There’s a faint sheen of sweat over his skin, highlighting his sharp points. The silence pushes in on Dean’s shoulders, a solid weight.
So he swings the door shut behind him and dusts his hands on his legs. He takes one purposeful breath. He doesn’t have a plan. He’s making it up as he goes.
“No I—nevermind.” Dean shakes his head, takes another big gulp of gin. He can’t seem to get an actual joke out, just these half formed things that Cas doesn’t have a hope of getting. “So, like, right now you know you have your power, right? Can you control it now? Like, could you smite something if you tried?”
“Well, shit,” Dean’s laughter convulses through him for a solid minute. Cas thinks of that night all those years ago, when Dean said,
“My grace is gone,” Cas repeats, releasing Dean and sitting up to look at both his hands in his lap.
Cas opens one eye to regard him. Dean’s grinning like an idiot. “You’ve got a ‘winning personality,’” Cas weakly lifts his fingers to air quote.
Cas shakes his head. “He needed it. His kids needed it. It was their first Christmas since he returned from the Civil War.”
Gabriel appears wearing a bathrobe, still proud of himself but looking apologetic. Dean suddenly wonders how much he knows, what he hears around the bunker.
In the rearview, Dean can see Cas’s eyes start to glow ice blue. Cas gasps and shrieks, “Close your eyes!”
They sit there for a moment, Dean in the doorway of the bathroom, Cas sitting at the kitchenette table. Sam lets out a loud snore to let everyone know he’s still there, unfortunately. Cas looks away again and says, “I’m fine,” and then disappears.
And then everything. And then Dean just…stepped through the portal and shot back to Earth. And remembered around it, the way he did Cas’s last words before he pushed him away and the door shut.
Cas doesn’t tell Dean that they died there, within the week. Dean just nods, remembering Cas is older than Earth and has seen more than he can ever comprehend. “So, what, you like Christmas?”
“You’re bleeding,” is all Cas says before he leans down, stills him with one hand on his shoulder, and hovers two fingers over his mouth. They light with grace and Dean, eyes swimming, leans forward until they press his lips. It is only a moment but his eyes flutter closed.
“Omaha. Sam and Eileen are already taking care of it. They thought it was a ‘milk run’ but it seems it’s more complicated than that.”
“Look, I’m as freaked as you are,” Sam says foolishly. Dean gives him a hard glare until Sam amends, “Okay, okay, I mean I’m freaked out too. But we can’t let the monsters go. We have to figure out how many we’re dealing with.”
“Fine, party pooper.” Gabriel folds his arms and with sickeningly sweet sarcasm, he says, “I’m just so proud of you for accepting who you really are. And I want you to know:
“I don’t know,” Cas says lowly. His shoulders sag, drained of fury. He looks around for a minute before adding, “I’m going to my room.”
Cas materializes next to him, reaches up to heal the cuts over his temple and cheek, but Dean jerks away and takes a step back. Cas searches his face and asks too sincerely, “Do you feel unworthy of being healed?”
“It’s not a personal quest. She’s believes she’s acting righteously.” Kali tries to explain again. “It’s a prophecy. I just need to find her before she fulfills it.”
“That was awkward,” Eileen admits, crawling into the backseat. “But we can come back tomorrow to see the cows.”
Dean starts mouthing at Cas’s neck as he strokes a hand up his chest and to the back of his head, to still him. Cas’s breath is puffing hot against his forearm. He gulps as Dean continues down the front of his shirt, popping buttons open as he goes.
He’s given Dean plenty of space, maybe feeling awkward, and Dean has silently been exasperated by it. He would like everything to go back to how it was before this whole Gabriel mess.
Dean’s the first out of the car, jogging over to the door. The rest follow as he punches his hand through the cardboard and unlocks the door, quickly ducking inside. It’s a small store with two tight aisles filled with herbs and crystals and knick knacks. But there’s no time to take in the minute details. Dean runs to the back, searching for stairs. Instead he ends up hurtling through a door to the outside, behind the building. A crash and a frustrated yelp echo out from above. Sam barges through the door, notices the fire escape, and takes a massive running leap to grab the ladder and pull it down. Eileen is thoroughly impressed.
, right? Is this just another Cas thing—where he doesn’t understand the implications? He takes a step backward, then another. Apparently there
“We should get another room, huh,” he yawns, nodding over at Cas in the middle of the only bed. Some of the color has returned to his cheeks and he’s stopped visibly sweating, so the three of them unclench just enough for fatigue to settle in.
“Yeah. I think so,” Gabriel nods. The five of them sit in silence for a minute, looking around at one another and nodding. Dean makes eye contact with everyone at least twice.
, Dean doesn’t say. Then, impulsively, he does ask, “You want to?” He holds his fists up, circles them in the air like Popeye.
“How am I gonna get better, huh?” Dean punches again, not sure why he’s demanding, “I mean, unless you’re too tired or something. If trenchcoat baby needs to go sleep...”
“You’re not gonna hurt me, Cas, it’s ok.” He puts a hand on Cas’s shoulder. But Cas swats it away harshly. Dean clicks his teeth and rolls his eyes. “What’s with you?”
Dean leans against the counter as the coffee percolates, eyeing Cas’s hunched frame. Sam wanders in, drenched in sweat, and nods his head at Cas as if to ask Dean, “What’s up with him?” Dean makes a motion with his hand like he’s drinking from his thumb, pinky wiggling. Sam furrows his brow, but lets it go and shrugs.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, dusting off his coat as he walks over to where Dean is still laying on the ground. Dean points to his torso and winces. Wordlessly, Cas waves his hand over Dean’s broken rib. Blue light shifts his bones into place and his pulse spikes again.
Then, almost as if on autopilot, and if you ask him, definitely stress- and sleep-induced psychosis, Dean crawls into the bed with Cas.
“He wasn’t supposed to do anything.” He directs all his attention to Cas and holds up three fingers. “Scouts honor. He’s so repressed, I thought—I just wanted to make Dean-o squirm in his jeans a little.”
“Ow! Fuck, dude,” Dean wheezes with laughter. “Guess you’re feeling better. Jesus!” He rubs his shoulder where he landed. Cas lazily reaches out from beneath the blanket and knocks Dean’s hand away, grabs his shoulder.
“Cas, buddy,” Dean shifts the weight of the stack of books in his arms and then sets it on his desk. “It’s alright. Let me just—”
“It’s…” he starts. Dean looks over Cas’s body in the bed, swimming in his suit and coat. Cas opens his eyes, looks up at him through the lashes, and for a beat Dean sees the face from his dreams, the one filled with dark intention. “
“Your…face,” he grumbles. Dean can’t tell if it’s a sort of your-mom joke. Does Cas even knows what a your-mom joke is?
“So, you summon any other gods searching for magic crossbows?” Dean asks over the steam from his coffee. He holds it with two hands up to his face, blowing on it.
I’ll let you out. Eventually.” Dean starts backing towards the door of the abandoned warehouse. “I got other sources.”
“He didn’t say anything about black eyes or sulfur, so, no, we’re not sure on that,” Sam replies. “But it’s worth an investigation. We can go to the hospital and see what the victim has to say after we check out the store.”
The solid weight in his mouth is an unexpected turn on. It shouldn’t be, but everything is somehow unexpected at this point. They’ve entered the space of discovery. So he gently bobs his head, one hand on Cas’s thigh, the other reaching to pull himself out of his own underwear.
He remembers Cas in Purgatory, during the long journey towards the portal. His fuzzy beard and his total devotion. His steadfast strength and his unwavering resolve to protect him. And his enthralling blue eyes always fixing on Dean like a magnet.
“I believe there are…some summoning rituals that involve…the hearts of sacred animals,” Cas says, watching Dean distractedly. He takes a few steps closer. “Other than that…I don’t know.”
Dean closes his eyes and brushes their lips together, gentle and warm. The air is pulled out of Cas like a thread. He reaches for Dean’s bicep to steady himself, falling back against the doorframe. Dean tilts Cas’s head with his callused hand and slowly licks into his mouth, their tongues pushing rhythmically together. The lights above them flicker.
“Okay,” Cas nods. He keeps forgetting he should eat while his grace is low, but luckily Dean is almost always focused on food. He stands, ready to leave immediately.
They’ve technically decorated parts of the bunker. Sam insisted on a tree in the library, but then a week before Christmas, he invited Eileen over and they spent the whole week in his room with the door locked. Dean feels a little put out and drinks about it. He didn’t use to care about holidays, especially not this one, but he keeps remembering bad Christmas after bad Christmas in moldy motels. He doesn’t recognize that he’s feeling lonely or that he desires anything at all until Cas roams in.
Dean looks back and forth between the two of them sharing a fond look. He kind of wants to gag. Sam just nods like he’s putting puzzle pieces together. Eileen grabs the marker from Dean and starts marking the map.
Cas looks back up at him, his eyes glassy and expansive. “You’re the reason I am who I am. I’m free—I have free will, because I chose to follow you, and I…I changed. For the better. I’ll never…” he swallows, shakes his head. “Dean, I’ll never recover from my desire for you.”
“Cow mutilations.” Dean deadpans, tightening his grip on the wheel. He looks at Cas in the rearview, who’s just staring out the window, a muscle flexing in his taut jaw.
“Maybe it only works for angels,” Eileen points out. The specific sigil they used is one Cas always performed. Somehow the answer would just come to him. He would paint the symbols and chant in Enochian and then he just looked off into the distance and knew where the target was.
“Yeah we’ll just creep around in the suburbs in broad daylight, good idea, Sammy.” Dean rolls his eyes but waves them both off. “We’ll figure something else out. Just go. Meet back here at 10.”
Dean raises an eyebrow and accepts the unexpected gift. He sniffs it, then beams. “Is this pie? See, this is what I’m talking about!”
“Dean,” he sighs. Dean loosens his grip and brings his hands to rest on Cas’s shoulders. He gives him one small shake, looking back and forth between his eyes.
Dean sleeps with his exquisite mouth hanging open like a trout. It’s incredibly unseemly, and yet. Clean moonlight paints blue shadows across his face. The rhythm of his rising and falling chest moves Cas, deep in the pit of him, like a song. How he or Dean got here seems so irrelevant.
Dean looks back over his shoulder. Cas isn’t swelling with rage anymore. Now he just seems…dejected. He glances around the room again and turns back to grab the bottle of gin still on the desk. He stops and gives another once-over of the pipe cleaners. His hand lifts to touch it again, but he stops himself, just leaves his hand hovering in the air.
is all I know!” Dean yells with rage that everyone know is born of worry but is still irritating nonetheless. Then his demeanor shifts and he looks up at the ceiling, “Gabriel, where are you, you son of a bitch? Is this you? I’ll kill you!”
“Can’t we catch a break?” Dean mutters, stepping down from the stairs into the main room. The walls are shaking, and he watches a pen roll across the table haltingly.
“Don’t know what?” Dean asks, suddenly a little serious. Cas shakes his head and lays all the way down, closing his eyes. “Don’t know what, Cas?”
A shot rings out, but when Dean opens his eyes, Sam and Eileen are also clambering on the floor on the other side of the room. Cas is splayed out across the table, struggling at his neck with one hand. The woman has her hand outstretched, choking him from across the room. Dean scrambles through the piles of books for the gun.
“Well you’re gonna make time. Cause we’re the ones with the guns. And we need answers.” Dean takes a step forward. She folds her arms, unimpressed.
“Is everything alright, man? You’ve been…” he trails off, gesturing his hand to finish the sentence.
Days later, Dean’s making himself lunch in the bunker kitchen when he realizes Sam and Cas have been dubiously absent all day. Lately, Sam and Cas’s nerd-dom has taken on a reckless streak, and Dean has control issues, so he wanders around looking for them. Out of curiosity, if anyone asks.
“Gabriel shouldn’t…” Cas seethes, eyes narrow and pointed. Dean hasn’t seen him this incensed in a long time. “It’s so…Gabriel can’t—It’s very ‘Gabriel,’ isn’t it,” he waves his arms around the room, “I’m tired of it. I’m tired of Gabriel’s particular brand of meddling…”
Cas’s shoulders raise up to his ears, his eyes glassy and dark. A muscle twitches in his jaw. He takes a step and with both hands pushes Dean so hard he stumbles back, trips and falls on to the bed, and ends up leaning back on his elbows.
He goes over everything that’s happened since Christmas. But didn’t it start before that? With Gabriel’s prank?
“Wait, wait, let me get showered and dressed.” Dean slips past Cas and into the bathroom. He squirts toothpaste onto a brush and pokes his head out the doorway. “Hey, you think we’re on the right track?”
Cas squeezes his fingers into Dean’s elbows and gnashes his teeth. There’s a sound like a wind tunnel and Dean’s stomach drops when Cas throws him to the ground. It’s not until after the light explodes and disintegrates, after the unmistakable thump of a body to the ground, that Dean realizes there’s no rash from asphalt, but instead just a bruise from a hard wooden floor. He opens his eyes and registers all at once the library and Cas in an unmoving heap across from him.
Cas looks down at Dean’s hand pressing firmly into his skin. “Sexual arousal can increase impulsiveness and impair decision-making abilities and I was withholding physical affection until you told me—”
But instead he narrows his eyes and, experimentally, almost imperceptibly, pushes the toothbrush slowly towards his back teeth. Cas blinks rapidly and blips away.
The man looks exactly what Dean would imagine a victim to look like. The woman smiles naturally, her cold expression melting. Dean doesn’t
But the scenes unfolding don’t do much to evidence that. In fact, Brad Pitt is shirtless, tucking a hair dryer into his jeans and donning his cowboy hat while Geena Davis gives him googily eyes. And then there’s that slow pan up his shining torso from his unbuttoned jeans, before he pulls Thelma towards him on the bed.
.” Cas slowly turns his head towards the screen and observes a long series of close ups on men’s faces, intercut with their hands twitching for their guns.
Gabriel winks with that same pompous smirk. “It’s not always on purpose but it’s a delight every time.”
” Dean steps forward and raises his fists, not acknowledging even to himself the flutter in his chest as Cas shifts again.
“You didn’t think you could just make demands of me and get away with it, did you?” Gabriel folds his arms and turns to regard Dean. “You think you can just do whatever you want? Well, then, bucko, so can I. And I,” he leers, “want to do quite a lot.”
He pores over the disturbing photos of mutilated cow corpses. There are symbols carved into their flesh, but even more curious is that the bodies are arranged in a circle in the field. A scorch mark spreads in the grass in the center.
“I don’t know, man!” Gabriel scrunches up his face to mock Dean. He replaces the carton in the fridge and swirls his mug in the air. “Dish the deets? Tell me what the hell happened? Give me
Dean meanders in, sandwich and plate in hand, and sits down in the chair right next to him without saying a word. Cas looks up around the table at all the other empty chairs and says nothing.
“Cas, that was…” Dean reaches for Cas’s wrist to pull him over top of him. When he settles, Dean pushes a hand through Cas’s hair and kisses him, slowly and resolutely. “I’m not sure I’ll ever recover,” he whispers with a laugh.
A flap of air and flickering light signals Cas’s entrance. He sits on the couch next to Dean, head pointed towards the TV. Dean shakes his head, exasperated, and waits for him to just dematerialize. But Cas huffs a dramatic sigh and stands up.
a chick flick!” He shakes his head, trying to parse whether Cas has any idea what he’s saying, or if he just knows it will piss Dean off. “It’s not—just cause there’s chicks
“Yeah, and I can fuck myself but it’s always better…when someone…else…does it,” Dean says haltingly as he realizes what words are coming out of his mouth. He checks the empty bottle in his hand for any merciful remnants of beer, but of course, it’s empty.
For a minute, they look over each other’s faces with no pretext. Something about having just awoken, the soft glow of day right before sunrise like a bubble around them. Dean can feel his heart quicken, just a little, as he watches Cas’s eyes rove over his face, neck, shoulder, and down the outline of his body underneath the blankets. He feels guilty that Cas spent the whole night on top of the bedspread, huddled into his trench coat. At least he remembered to take his shoes off for him.
“Cas’s mojo is on the fritz. He keeps exploding like a damn angel bomb. And…and earlier he said his grace was dead or something.”
“Fine, fine, let’s get baby his bottle so he can stop with…all this bullshit.” Dean gestures vaguely around the roof. “But you gotta talk to me sometime, man. Cause this ain’t working for either of us. And I…” He bites his lip. “I got something to say.”
He pauses, considering something. “So I guess if I’m celebrating anything—anyone’s survival...it’s yours.”
He pulls the notebooks out to start, but without an index or table of contents, he’s stuck leafing through them and skimming. And there’s not much information about grace or its properties or what could affect it, just a bunch of instructions for which sigils do what and how, or recipes for spells and their incantations with phonetic spelling.
, which Dean was theoretically ready for but in practice Cas yanks on his hair, and the bulb in the lamp explodes, and Dean chokes back a cough, trying to keep going until Cas is done, come spilling out of his mouth and all over Cas’s dick. Cas is panting, his voice falling out of him against his will, when Dean leans back up and wipe his mouth with the back of his hand, swallowing.
Alastair circled the open edge of the cave, drawing blood sigils on the wall and floor. Stuff to hide them from sight, Dean thought—powerful stuff. He'd never seen it before. Only when he'd finished did Alastair sit down across from him, a pensive expression on his face. Then, with a sigh, he said, "The angels aren't coming for me."
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean said, suddenly angry. “Why do you always have to torture yourself?” The coffee in his cup had formed into a tendril and was moving, curling as though it was reaching for something—or
It was darker here than it had been in the canyon or on the plains. Around and to every side stood tall trees with their branches reaching upward; but the entire forest was soundless. When Dean pressed a hand to the nearest tree he realized it was dead wood, and had been for some time. Every tree was leafless; and Hell's continual chill felt sharper. The air was thick with the tang of salt, and it made Dean jumpy. "Is this a forest or an ocean?" he muttered.
. As Cas moved Battleship to the kitchen so he and his husband could continue to play without inconveniencing the children, Dean raised an eyebrow at the screen, where actors were being bombarded by bored-looking frogs that hit them awkwardly, as if being tossed by a camera crew taking shots at the leads.
Dean shook his head. He was being morbid, probably because he was bored. It wasn’t that Dean was discontent with being a homemaker—he loved it—but he just had this strange feeling that there should be something
an old man,” Cas reassured him, seeing Dean’s betrayed look. “If anything, I am. I mean, I’m older than your father, I’m older than your grandfather—”
"Oh, is that all?" Nanghait said. "Let out my leash a little and I'll gladly fuck you until you bleed."
It didn't matter. Dean pushed the uneasiness away and focused on the dance, on moving exactly when Alastair wanted, no more, no less. The strange metallic dancefloor and the cold air were nothing he couldn't handle; just noise. He dove for the silence in his head.
Alastair bit his lip. The tang of blood grounded him, chased away the remnants of his Lilith-induced rage. Like he’d always told his proteges. Don’t strike in anger, you’ll miss the mark. This was about more than Dean.
He moved slowly, heavy steps toward the prickle of salt, his feet sinking into ground that turned to muck.
that Nanghait seems to be tangentially/linguistically connected to. Those gods are positive, guardians associated with safe return home; so I decided to flip that into Nanghait being connected with never returning home - especially since that's such a theme in early SPN.
"Yeah, for obvious reasons," Dean said, crossing his arms. He felt afraid of moving, like if he stepped wrong he'd get stuck inside the pull of a salt barrier and become another standing thing that couldn't escape, like these skeleton trees.
“Anyone who finds out, who is loyal to Sandover,” said Uriel, “will be eliminated. You shouldn’t have to ask how far I’m willing to take this for the cause. You heard what happened to my husband, didn’t you?”
The angels want to win, we want to win; well, to do that you need a war. Just so happens we've got one. It's called Revelation."
“In good time,” Alastair said. “Once we’ve gotten far enough away. I promise I’ll explain everything.”
listens to all the gossip, Dean,” Cas said. “I just put in a request of who she might start listening to.”
“Touching,” the Empty said, stepping back into existence beside them with a deranged grin, this time looking not like a warped reflection of Cas, but Dean. “Very touching!” It clapped its hands together. “It’s like the Gift of the Magi in here! Giving up everything to save each other and getting…
The flash of hurt in Dean’s eyes was quickly hidden. He flopped back down, grimacing, and closed his eyes. “Whatever. See you then.”
From here, the angelic incursion was hard to even imagine; their constant light was no longer visible and the shiver under his sternum that Dean had been feeling for days fell quiet.
Dean picked it up. “Okay seriously, where is all this fruit coming from?” he asked. He walked out of the room toward the stairs, passing the guest room on the way. As he did, he noticed something odd. Dean walked into the sad-looking room, glancing around. It was painted plain white and was quite empty except for the one anomaly that had drawn his notice. Something on the window sill.
“That’s why I noticed him,” Jack explained. “I met him a few days ago when I was taking myself for a walk. It turns out that he lives in the neighborhood. And now we’re—what was it?” He turned to the other kid.
Dean tugged him out into the group and Cas followed, looking doubtful but interested. As the music played, Dean stepped forward, pulled Cas’ arm up and around him, and laughed when Cas just stood there, staring at him in confusion. “Dude, to dance you have to actually move.”
“You’ve got the look,” the ferryman went on. “I heard the… you-know-what’s… were on their way in in fighting force. You see ‘em?”
“You don’t see it?” Cas asked. He frowned, closed his hand, and opened it again to see that the blood was all black and white, as it should have been all along.
“I know,” Dean said, opening the front door. Cas smiled, pecking Dean on the cheek before slipping outside. The door swung closed behind him, shutting with a click. Dean turned to survey the living room. “Well,” he said, “guess it’s just me then.”
“It’s not about him helping save Cas,” Sam said. “Not really. I mean, I understand why he might not wanna show up and piss off another cosmic being by stealing what’s…
appeared in 1x16, "Shadow." SPN is right that they're Zoroastrian, also described as 'gods to be rejected.' I haven't read any source texts so the personality is entirely made up, but according to Wikipedia, there are 6 arch-daevas listed in "Epistles of Zadspram" & "Greater Bundahishn," one of whom is Nanghait... "of discontent." Wikipedia also draws the connection between two
“So Gabriel really likes candy, and so do I. And you guys have a kid, which means you’re going trick-or-treating. So you can bring us along, right?”
Meanwhile, at home, Dean was going just about out of his mind. When he sneaked by Jack’s room to figure out what Jack and his bad influence of a friend were up to, he heard Belphagor say, “Ey, so you’re dad’s like… really hot.”
“…Right,” Dean sighed. They walked out into the living room, but as they passed the threshold, Dean redirected Cas to lean against the wall. They lingered there for a while, kissing again, until Dean broke for air, noticing the sunburst clock above Cas’ head.
“If I want to figure out what their ‘breakthrough initiative’ is,” Cas said, doing air-quotes around the term, “I’m going to have to get on the inside.”
Trading work days wasn’t exactly unheard of in Hell. Since, apart from food and sex, there wasn’t exactly any other reward on offer. Dean had spent a lot of time trying very hard to impress upon Alastair that he wasn’t a slacker. A low, clammy feeling in his gut told him he might’ve screwed that up.
For a brief moment, the blue sparks in the now amorphous form stared at Dean with a quiet sort of assurance. And then there was nothing at all. No Empty, no Cas, no evidence that the spell had done anything at all.
is the Greek word for knucklebones, which were played as games, including gambling games, and also used as tools for divination. "Venus" (referring to the Greek god of love, beauty, desire, sex, fertility, prosperity, and victory) was the highest throw, the one where each knucklebone landed on a different side—it was the luckiest roll.
"You can move," the tree said. "You can fight. I can only watch, and reach toward an empty sky. When I killed myself I wished for nonexistence, but now I have nothing but time. I thought I was alone." The tree reached toward him again, tremblingly. Touching him with their deep leaves as though he would disappear. The rustle of their branches was quiet, but in the dead place, it felt like a song.
•The idea that Cas met Bela pre season 4, when on the way to rescue Dean in hell and gave her an angel blade is taken from the backstory of the fic
Dean opened the slim container and slid the CD into its player, pressing play before moving back to his easy chair, and watched the opening of the film, a sad little boy trying to escape his life by watching black and white comedies, by going into a world where everything was okay.
Alastair laughed a little, a small, wheezing chuckle like it had been surprised out of him. “Ah, Dean, you’re cute.”
He spent himself with a shudder, and pulled out from his protege’s raw, twitching hole. Pulled up Dean’s pants and did the zip while Dean was still shuddering, bent over the sill. The trickle of his come, sliding down Dean’s thighs mixing with blood. Tonight, he didn’t want anything else but that.
“I didn’t know they thought you ‘forcibly asphyxiated’ Zachariah with a burger. How is that even possible?”
“Fine,” Dean said. “I won’t ask again. Not till you’re ready to tell me.” Dean paused, meaningfully, in case Alastair felt overcome with the need to tell him then and there.
Rowena recited the incantation and purple energy shot from her hands. A dark fissure opened up in the wall. Sam and Dean walked towards it, but stepped back quickly when the portal squelched to half its size.
“So…” Dean whispered. The sound of it swallowed up by the stone around them. “This is, what, the way to your bolt-hole?”
Dean put on his coat. “Need’ta go pick up your dad. Stay here, be good.” He rushed out the kitchen door, and it fell shut behind him.
"I can do that," Dean breathed. He stepped backward, slowly. Found his balance on the metal ground and reached for the collar of his shirt. Unbuttoned it slowly, staring at Alastair all the while. He swayed, as though the music was still playing; got the shirt over his head.
She thought about Heaven. It was a territory like any other. When they won, when they tore down the pearly gates and stormed inside, they could snatch paradise from those cloud-hopping pansies.
His nipples were pebbled in the cold air, gooseflesh rising on his skin. He worked his hands into his jeans, shimmying them off his hips, teasingly, inch by inch, until they caught at his knees. There was a flash of approval from Alastair, then, so he let them stay, holding his legs together even as he tried to widen his stance; dipped his hand low over the straining fabric of his boxers and palmed himself roughly. Again, again; letting it fall only when Alastair stepped forward as though unable to stay back a moment longer. Dean freed his cock from the fabric, leaking at the slit, and rolled his hand around it, pumping smooth strokes. "Like this? You like it?"
“No, no,” Alastair said. “I’ll leave the details to you.” His pale eyes glittered, staring at Dean, but he said and did nothing more. So, with a shrug, Dean turned back to work.
Dean could only nod, staring back at the being in the distance. "How did it follow us?" He felt a thrill of unease in thinking that they'd so easily been found. But Alastair didn't seem too troubled, speaking as though he were giving Dean a lesson.
"I'm not sure I'd say that," Dean said. Whoever this poor bastard had been in life, by killing themself they'd bypassed the rack. No endless torture, no turning into a demon. Just an endless underworld existence as a tree.
Sam looked at Dean worriedly. “I don’t know, Dean,” he said. “Cas might be right. We did the spell, Cas should’ve gotten out by now.” But instead, the form that had seemed to clear a moment ago was getting swallowed in the blackness.
“Please stop,” Dean interrupted. “It’s fine if you say you were born at the beginning of the universe or whatever. But don’t start saying you’re older than my dad, that’s just weird.”
“No,” Anna agreed. “In fact, they might even enlist their own phone line spies. It seems the CEO at Labefaction is getting into politics, and you know what that means.”
“Dean,” Cas said, lowly, and Dean could feel the vibrations of it, shivering close enough to brush his neck with warmth, to sear his bones. “What deal did you make? What did you
The thought of it was a fire in her heart. Reminded her to keep going. On dawnless mornings when she woke shivering in her bed and didn't want to move. On dark evenings when she almost considered making a misstep in a fight and letting her blood soak the ground.
It was endless darkness for a long time. The only way Dean could pinpoint direction was by the glowing light of the portal behind him, which grew smaller and smaller until it was a single burning pinprick, like a distant fire. Dean had thought this place might be crowded, if it was filled with every angel or demon that had ever died; he’d imagined it as a sort of frozen purgatory, with everyone piled on the ground asleep. But he’d realized he’d assumed too much, like that there would even be “ground” in the first place. The endless space had no up or down, forward or back, and there was no sense of space within the nothingness at all. For something so vast, it was the most claustrophobic afterlife he’d ever been in, nothing like the ever-moving terrain of Purgatory, Heaven, or Hell. There was nothing to interact with or to fight; there was no sounds, no sight, and no touch, and as he moved, he began to wonder if he was even moving, or only imagining that he did. The only thing that reassured him he was actually getting somewhere was by looking back at the portal and seeing it fade into the distance.
enough,” said Azazel. “Because apparently, I’m worrying for the both of us. The most important part of any scheme is insurance—and you don’t seem to have enough. So tell me, what exactly is your protocol if anyone gets wind of what we’re up to? Are you prepared to do what needs to be done?”
“Of course, Dean! This is wonderful! Here, let me get the broom,” he said, sweeping up the shattered cup in excitement. When it was cleaned away, Cas turned back around, stopping short when faced with a brand new color shining against the gray. Something wondrous and unexpected. Dean’s eyes were
“Yes,” Cas said, “and the questions about what Uriel’s up to. It has Anna and I so worried we almost bugged his office yesterday,” he admitted.
Dean turned around and slugged the Empty square in the face. Or he tried to. But where the Empty had been when he started swinging was just… well,
“What cuts?” Jack asked. “I’m gonna go make myself a sandwich,” he said, walking into the kitchen. Dean looked after him in undisguised worry.
"That's actually a pretty good plan," Dean said. He edged his way down the last few feet toward the cave entrance.
Our Father who Art in Hell, Whom No One Has Ever Seen (except Lilith, and she won’t stop bragging about it.)
Dean was ready for the pain of teleportation this time; it only took him a moment to recover and look around.
“Not over the phone,” Cas said. “But he’s obviously having covert meetings in his office. Do you know how to plant a bug?”
Dean went to the kitchen and grabbed a whole unopened pack of beer, carrying it into the Dean Cave and shutting the door. It was dark in there, but Dean didn’t bother to turn on the light, making his way through the gloom with his phone flashlight. He sat down in his chair and stared ahead, putting the beer down on the floor beside him, and feeling alone enough, in the dark and the chill, to let himself cry.
He sucked bites into Alastair's hips, dropping to his knees and peering up at him, pulling the zipper down with his teeth. Alastair was into it, gazing back at him, urging him on. Dean didn't need the hand that cradled his head, thrusting his mouth deep around Alastair's cock as he hollowed his lips, but he used it to ground himself in the sensations; he was moaning, the sounds muffled, stopped in his throat. In and out precisely, barely giving Dean room to breathe until at last he choked on it and only then did Alastair come, salty and warm like new blood. He was here. He was here and Alastair was with him, and it didn't matter.
“Yes!” Jack said, turning and motioning to the kitchen doorway, where Dean and Cas were peering out to spy on them. “These are my parents.” Jack and the other kid walked over. “Dad,” Jack said looking at Dean, “father,” he said, looking at Cas, “this is Belphagor.”
, but either way it was the opposite of pleasant. When he stepped away from Alastair in the new place, he had to focus on not blacking out for a good moment. It felt like his intestines had been pulled out of his stomach while the rest of him was being pressed flat between encroaching trap-walls. The combination was actually a new one, though he'd experienced both on their own before.
Cas paused. “Right. Must’ve slipped my mind when our child was born. I meant to tell you when I came home that day.”
Alastair sighed, sticking his hands in his pockets. “Is there anything you want from the lower city before we go?”
And Cas’ eyes opened. “Dean, I’m all right. I can’t be killed here. The Empty is just playing with me. But you have to go…”
“I don’t think there’s anyone at Sandover I could bring it up to,” Cas said; “Uriel’s in such a high position.” He thought for a moment. “What we need is more information about this breakthrough.”
Melting upward again, lighting, retaking its serpent form. She grabbed the knife, still hot enough the metal scorched her palms, and looked out. It didn't rejoin the battle. It streaked out past the melee, coiling down into the endless well, toward the infernal city. For a moment, Bela almost wanted to warn it. Be careful. Her legs were still unsteady beneath her, and she didn't think she could stand yet, but she pulled at the bag of knucklebones at her belt, scooping them in her cupped hand and throwing them into the hollows of her crossed knees, struck with the urge to cast for the being who had done her such kindness.
“I’ll kill Sam, he’ll kill me, we’ll kill each other,” Dean said, as cocky as he could manage, “but you gotta bring them back. The people, the birds… and Cas. You gotta bring Cas back.”
Dean remembered this part: Cas was staring down at their feet as they moved further and then closer in time to the fast-paced song, and Dean just allowed himself to look. A small part of him felt awkward and overwhelmed; feelings he was usually so practiced at pushing aside hovering so close to the surface he felt like it was sparking along his skin, too obvious, too bright. But he just couldn’t bring himself to care… not now. And Cas, he had a slight smile on his face, like he was actually letting his hair down and having fun; so breathtakingly stunning that Dean felt something almost like pain, like he was missing this moment before it had even passed.
“To hell with this, I’m pulling you out,” Dean said. He dashed out of the salt line. Despite the fact that he could barely see Cas’ face, he could still make out his expression. That familiar, loving, sad expression that seemed to say ‘this is useless, let it rest now.’
Cas put a hand on Dean’s stomach, concentrating for a moment before donning a look of surprise. “It looks like you’re already in your second trimester. That’s concerning.”
"I hoped I wouldn't have to use it quite yet," Alastair said as he stepped over the threshold. The sigils, Dean noticed, were glowing an eerie blue, reacting to the nearing presence of the angel; and there were more than there had been before; a few were still fresh. They tingled like novocaine when he stepped into their scope. Alastair held out a hand, and Dean took it—and then, with a pop of displaced air, they were being rocketed through a sieve, smushed flat and opened back up again. Dean didn't know whether it reminded him more of apparition from Harry Potter (yeah, he'd read the books, just to see what all the fuss was about—but no one, dead or alive, could pry
Dean rolled into a sitting position, reached around for his clothes and sighed, realizing he’d have to get out of bed to find them. But he was dressed soon enough and without any fuss. “Where are we going?”
"So you figure the seraph won't look for us in the place no sane demon would hang out," Dean said. "Are we supposed to just—stay here?" As hiding spots went, it was worse than the cave. There, at least, Dean didn't constantly feel like he was gonna be turned into a fucking statue. He almost hoped the angel caught up with them soon so they'd have to move again. As for that—"you can't think it'll just give up. It'll catch us eventually, the moment we slip up. And we will."
The ruler of the Empty didn’t pounce on him. There was no evil presence looking over his shoulder. In fact, there was no presence at all. He could’ve been the only person to exist in the whole universe. Dean kept walking, but started to wonder if he would keep on walking until his time had run out, getting nowhere.
Cas bent his head, and when he looked back at Dean there were tears in his eyes. “Dean, I was trying to save you from this,” he said.
Rowena smiled at him primly. “I came because your brother called me. I heard your angel got himself killed and you were having some trouble getting him back?”
“—see if I told the police that your husband’s burger killed him? I haven’t. But don’t push your luck.”
“I have to admit,” said Cas, “when I said we should start a family I didn’t know it would be so… immediate. I would have read up on childcare if I’d had the time. I’m afraid I know nothing about infants,” he confessed.
And Dean let out a breath. He’d known the silence, dead crypt silence, had had him freaked; it reminded him of those times late in the Leviathan purge when he and Sam had rolled through so many empty towns; it reminded him of Croatoan, and Hell in between the interesting bits; it reminded him of the Bunker’s dungeon, last sleepless night, when he’d shook and the buzz of the emergency phone rang and he’d thought;
Alastair turned and met his eyes, and Dean hurried down the slope toward him; sharp thorns pricking him even through his jeans. A skull that had been hiding under the foliage richocheted from his boot, rolled down the slope and plopped quietly into the water. When he finally got to the boat, Alastair was waiting with an expression of long-suffering patience, and the ferryman was rolling his eyes. Dean clamped down the urge to explain himself, and just smiled winningly at the ferryman.
His dream was a memory. They’d just made it out of Apocalypse World and saved the hunters there, and somehow an impromptu party had started. For the first and only time, the bunker being filled with people had felt exciting. Every public area was filled with people laughing, drinking and talking; and someone had put a phone into a glass and was playing some party songs playlist while a whole group of hunters had started dancing.
Cas was dead. The spell had failed, leaving him with less than before they’d started. Even the coat and the handprint were gone, burned to ash.
“This should do it,” Anna said, looking at her handiwork and putting the phone back in its cradle. “If they say anything in this room, I should be able to hear it.”
, just that he did. As though he were playing Marco Polo with the universe, searching for echoes, for the precise feel of Castiel. And then he stumbled over something, and his eyes flew open.
a post-hell, canon-compliant fic by jaimeykay, mariahlee, and Smilla, where Dean doesn't know that the woman he's hooking up with is actually possessed by Alastair. It's creepy, eerie, weird, and features a really interesting look at Dean's character. (2)
“Well, in that case, now that the baby’s asleep…” Dean walked over to Cas and took his hand. Cas raised an eyebrow, pleasantly intrigued.
“Yes, mistress.” He scuttled aside, leaving the room, the floor-to-ceiling doors swinging shut with a
The deadfall was right where he'd left it; the suicide tree sapling had its black leaves opened toward the light, and its veins and its stem glowed like fire.
“What the—?” said Dean, grabbing Jack’s shoulder. Jack screamed again as bloody slices appeared across his chest, as if from some invisible blade. They stained his over-large t-shirt, soaking the fabric under Dean’s fingers.
When Cas arrived at work, he hurried through the endless white rooms toward his desk, hoping to get there before anyone noticed his tardiness. Unfortunately, someone stepped out of a room right into his path.
“What’s not making sense, mate?” said Balthazar, sorting files on his desk. “Besides our very existence?”
The last time they’d watched a movie in here had been before Mary died. Dean hadn’t come in since; no reason to, really.
Cas was staring back at him, pallor waxen and grey, looking with dead eyes, black goo trailing from the corner of his mouth.
Below the bulk of the army, close enough that its scales, which rippled past the meathook-chains, looked like shining cables dappled with purple, green, and red scales, was the serpent. She couldn't tell how large it was, because of the way it curled under and over itself, but it was vaster than the platform, vaster than the chains, and its continuous movement reminded her of a roiling sea. Its wings were like shards of glass, casting a shattered prism of reflection onto her bruised knees. When it opened its mouth, the air became filled with flame, and flame raced along the length of its scales as though it were burning, turning into a streak of continual fire.
Dean couldn't help but look at it. The idea he'd had when they'd arrived, that perhaps the sky had been ripped open, wouldn't leave him; but however long he stared, he could never quite find the tear. But torn it had been, he was sure of it. It only stayed above, dour and mute, its secrets its own. Dean sank into the deep place in his mind.
It was ridiculous how much heights still made his heart pound; that vertigo fucking with his brain, he'd been on and off the racks for forty years in the endless well and he still had to psych himself up for a moment, wiping his palms on the sides of his jeans. Okay, okay, he could do this. He had to, anyway, whether he could or not. That decided him. He started down after Alastair.
“Well, I asked Anna to look into it,” Cas continued. “I felt that Uriel was doing something underhanded with the Essential Venue for Integrated Labefaction, and nobody else at Sandover seems appropriately suspicious.”
.” Sam reached out with his free hand and it almost wasn’t a surprise that he was able to lace Cas’s fingers in his own, and Cas let out a breath, like he was shocked, like he’d forgotten what it felt like to be touched.
Alastair ripped Dean's shirt into thin strips and made a circumference of them. Inside, he drew the angel warding again:
“Yeah,” Dean said. Hardly a word, so quiet, but there. “Yeah, Cas.” And something in Cas’s eyes seemed to light, and for a moment, even he smiled, and Dean felt the tears that had been building up break free, quiet, unattended to, like they were nothing.
Rowena sighed. “Powerful beings can place claims on human souls, creating a bond. At first, it probably would have left a physical brand,” she continued. “A powerful witch like myself can sense magic that strong.”
Uriel didn’t pause on Cas’ face, just kept scanning, before putting the bug back in his pocket and walking out.
"Now, is that any way to talk to your mistress?" Meg said, widening her eyes innocently and putting a hand to her chest in mock surprise.
There was no time like the present. Uriel and everyone else was out of the office, since it was the weekend. Cas and Anna walked to Sandover, and when they got there, Cas got his key from his pocket, turning it in the lock. “Okay,” he said. “We’re in.”
Meg laughed, whooping into the air, the heady taste of power filling her mouth, her pendant swinging on her breast. Her dark eyes flashed and glittered as she craned her neck back toward the endless pit, where a nuclear glow had been rising for weeks. "I'll get the bastard," she promised Hell's army. "I'll make sure everything goes right.
Sam and Dean looked toward it, and Dean realized that there was no way they were going to even get through the portal, let alone back out.
“Cas,” Dean stepped forward, as close as he could to the edge of the salt line. “Hang on, buddy, we’re getting you out of there.”
by jaimeykay; the longest and plottiest Dean/Alastair fic I've found, which includes a really great Alastair POV, and the best interpretation I've read of what got Dean to break. It's epic, it's chilling, it has a longing feel, and somehow, weirdly enough, has you feeling sorry for Alastair too—all without making him any less of a terrible creature. It's also canon compliant.
"I thought I was alone," the sapling said, at last, as though in wonder. "I woke up and I was alone. There was nothing on either side but abandoned forest. I couldn't move, but I grew upward toward a sun that doesn't exist in this sky. But now you!"
“Not so much,” the ferryman said. He shook his head as though in wonderment. “Damndest thing I ever seen,” he repeated quietly, as though to himself.
Dean saw the blood rushing out, and a curling strand of grace, and then Cas’ body fell. Dean dashed toward him as the Empty let go, not even caring that the portal was withering away second by second, that finally there was no light left at all, only the nothingness and Cas’ dead body.
“What the—?” Dean said. He made a face as he fished around gingerly to grab what had scraped his palm, lifting it from the sink. “A freaking pineapple?” Dean stared at it. “Now that’s just wrong,” he said. He shook the suds from his hands, went to the kitchen counter where he’d moved the fruit bowl, and stuck the fruit in it with purpose. Then he looked at the three chairs set to one side, collapsing into one of them and putting his head in his hands. “Is this what it’s gonna be like,” Dean said, looking around the kitchen helplessly. He wasn’t sure what he meant by that. Being alone? Staying in the house all day, just waiting until Cas came back from wherever he’d gone off to—work. Somehow Dean always ended up being the one waiting for Cas, didn’t he? Wondering if this time Cas wouldn’t return.
On the banks of the river grew thorny rose brambles. They crawled up the rusted spikes holding disembodied heads, picked more or less clean by scavengers, the flowers sucking up the blood from the newest ones that soaked into the loam. Dean kicked one of the spikes with his boot while he waited for Alastair to haggle their fee across the river on one of those rickety boats, with a figure who seemed to think “mouldering grey robes” was the height of fashion. The severed head swayed a little, and the jawbone on the half-rotted thing fell a little lower. Dean kicked the spike again.
Dean just knew what Chuck was going to say. “Sorry boys, it’s too late…” and he’d leave them on this empty planet with a long, slow death from starvation; this world, the last world in the universe, burnt out. Back into The Darkness it came from.
"We're not going down that," he said, as Alastair began to pick his way down the side. That thing was way too tall. You could fall down and get roasted to death. Of course Alastair didn't care. Didn't even bother to answer him and so, after a moment, Dean dragged himself closer to the edge.
"Not much longer now," Alastair said, and Dean nodded. Concentrating on one foot in front of the other. There was a burn in every limb, the piercing agony of moving past what he could stand that he hadn't felt since the rack. How many days had it been since they up and left Alastair's penthouse? Going on a week now? And not a moment's rest or sleep. Not that they needed it, technically, but hell if Dean didn't daydream about Alastair's clean, pressed sheets and memory foam pillows. At least the pain and tiredness made it hard to think, harder to worry. Everything clean, bright. Not quite as good as cutting into someone else but getting there. One foot after another. Sand making his eyes gritty. He had blisters on his feet that had long since popped and leaked into his socks. It didn't matter.
“You got any pie left?” Dean asks noticing there aren’t any in the cabinet. Gabriel looks over to where Castiel is standing.
“I’ve taken the liberty to email you some easier baking options, less time consuming and more reasonably priced.”
“And what exactly was it you assumed I was suggesting we get up to in your office?” Dean asks. Castiel hears Gabriel’s description of Dean in his mind. A hunk of gruff. A perfect word, combining low throaty tones and rough jagged edges to encompass who Dean is at this present moment. He stands tall, slightly taller than Castiel eyes bearing down on him. He has yet to see this side of Dean’s character, wants to see more of him. Though Castiel understands Dean’s attempts to dominate, Castiel does not resist that pull to challenge him at his own game.
He hollowed his cheeks, creating a slick vacuum for Cas’ fingers. Cas’ eyes were on him like a predator. It made Dean feel so alive, more than he ever had with another sexual partner. He craved those dark eyes, knowing that Cas had this side of him that had Dean behaving in ways he never thought possible. It should scare him, how open he felt with Cas. It should however it didn’t. He trusted Cas more than anyone. He knew Cas would look after him, take him to the edge and hold him tight as they fell into the abyss.
It’s a few hours later and there’s a knock on his door. He turns down the ring he has his pasta cooking on to answer. Its Dean, showered, Castiel assumes from his unstyled hair, clean hands and new clothes he’s wearing. He leans against Castiel’s door frame, one hand up above his head making his shirt rise a little. Castiel already had taken care of his guilty erection earlier after what happened in the lift, he didn’t need to do that again so avoids looking. He wasn’t expected to see Dean again, the way he ran away from Castiel so fast.
He had been downright primal, shoving the guy off of Cas when it felt like they were going somewhere Dean
“Shut your cakehole Sam, you don’t even know the guy.” Dean snaps. He says it like he knows Cas any better, which he doesn’t, not really. He’d like to though. Sam pulls a face at Jess. A knowing face, whatever he knows it’ll have to wait as another car rolls up with a flat tire and an old lady behind the wheel. Dean has work to do.
The Russian pulled his face down, capturing his mouth in an unexpected heat. Teeth nipping at Dean’s lips, hands tugging at the strands of his hair. He devoured Dean, only letting him breathe while he whispered in his ear. “Show me how much you love me.”
As payment Gabriel gives Castiel a box of broken assorted cookies. He doesn’t mind, they still taste delicious just not as appealing for customers. The rest of his afternoon and evening is spent ironing his shirts for the week, re-arranging his presentation to the new cohort of students and planning out his week’s assignments for his seminar groups.
“And I couldn’t help thinking it was me,” he kept going, rambling off truths he had kept to himself for weeks “That it was me you were fucking against the stall, holding, choking, jacking off, filling up, I wanted it to be me so bad Cas.”
He collapsed back onto the bed completely spent and boneless. He heard faint noises, footsteps around him, laptop lids closing, doors opening, footsteps getting quieter, then louder again as the door creaked open. A warm cloth touched his stomach. He hummed enjoying the feel of Cas cleaning him up. Sex hazed brain, riding a high he never wanted to come down from.
“I know that man. That doesn’t mean that others can’t say thank you for it. He was a murdering psychopath, probably a rapist too who fucked up a lot of people’s lives. They’re grateful you did something that our shitty justice system wouldn’t.” He tried to explain. He folded up the piece of paper, put it in his drawer for safe keeping.
“You too, cum with me.” Dean managed to get out, free hand reaching down to grab Cas’ balls to bring him over the edge with him. Cas started to falter, and Dean couldn’t hold it in any longer, he came, and Cas followed, grinding himself into Dean’s fist and Cas kept stroking all the while, kept going till there was nothing of Dean left, completely spent at the hands of him. Nothing but a shell of who he was minutes ago.
“What I’m saying is…” He decided to be bold and took Cas’ hand, placed it on his thigh. Cas didn’t move it back. The weight of it grounding him in this moment. A moment he hoped ignited something between them. “I’d let you put your hand on my dick again.”
“I’m Dean by the way.” He calls out before the guy steps inside of his flat. The guy pauses and turns his head towards Dean. He drags his eyes over Dean one more time. Seriously, what is with this guy and staring? It’s like he doesn’t understand social ques.
Perhaps this conversation wouldn’t be as easy as Cas initially thought. He’d have to pick his moment. A moment void of everything except Cas and Dean couldn’t think of anything else except how he felt about him.
“I miss you during the week, sue me.” Gabriel defends his antics. Jessica and Sam chuckle. It is true, he doesn’t get to see Gabriel during term time. They use Cas’ breaks to spend actual quality time together.
“You say that now, but you’ll want to melt the chocolate,” he handed out the apron for Dean to take. “Everyone wants to melt the chocolate.”
Dean twirled around in the chair, smiling in that shit eating grin he usually sported when he was being obnoxious or quick witted. “You going to let us get to the end this time?”
When the weight of Cas’ on his thighs shifted Dean gripped onto the pillow tight, knowing what was to come. His trousers and boxers were being discarded and once freed from their confinement Dean bent one of his knees up higher for Cas. In for a penny and all that. He knew he was in for one hell of a rim job.
The smile that broke onto Cas’ face lit him up. Cas leaned down to kiss Dean chaste, lips still in contact as he spoke quietly, “That’s a good boy.”
Dean was in the yard the next morning, smoking a cigarette with Sam, Charlie and Bobby. They were chatting some shit Dean couldn’t give a crap about. He was just happy to be around them, enjoying the sun on his face, the heat on his skin, his tan line was getting a bit ridiculous, but he refused to take his shirt off. That couldn’t be said for the rest of the inmates, most of them walking around shirtless, white tops hanging out of their pockets, his brother included.
He wasn’t trying to be insulting. The apple pie still slightly warm from the bakery he had just spent the morning in. Gabriel’s bakery. Dean bought the pie while Castiel was in the back day dreaming about what his body would feel like on top of his. He was having those thoughts while Dean was picking out which pie to get Castiel to say sorry for what happened on Wednesday.
He made a vow to himself when he got back here, he wasn’t going to take anymore unsolicited shit from people. Cas and his blue eyes included.
It wasn’t Cas he had to look out for, Claire full on body tackled him, making him fall back into the snow. “I got him! I got him!” she called out pressing him into the snow. Next his daughter came, jumping onto him too making him cry out in pretend agony. The two girls had him pinned and then Cas stood up over him, blocking out the light. He could see a ball of snow in his gloved hand, smile as wicked as his daughter’s.
A few beers in and Cas’ level of tipsy increased to an adequate level to initiate an explicit conversation with Dean. Explicit being asking him his thoughts on giving Cas head and filming it for the internet to see. His friend had been more than elated when Cas broke the good news about the money in his PayPal account. Also jumping to the immediate thought that they could get a new sofa. He hoped seeing the financial benefits of their venture would open him up the possibility of giving Cas head. More views more money and all that.
rules?” his tone had changed. It was grittier, a ‘you don’t want to fuck with me today or any day’ tone. The somewhat interest he had in Dean vanished in a second. Dean felt his heart rate pick up, a deer in head lights. His instinct was to back down, but he couldn’t.
Cas nodded. When Dean pressed in, he joined Cas’ slicked fingers and Cas saw stars behind his closed eyelids. His head throwing back again, gasping for air that was proving difficult to find, even more difficult when he felt Dean’s other hand push his leg back to his chest, spreading himself even more.
He waited for Dean to speak, which he did once he was finished scratching at his jaw and pulling at the strands of his hair. “You hungry?”
They parted ways, Cas taking Claire down the street and Dean taking Charlie into the playground to exert some energy. Dean needed to exert some too. His heart jumping too quick for his liking from just being within breathing space with Cas. What would happen if he actually hugged the guy? Have a heart attack and die at the ripe old age of 32? He needed to cool his jets before spending an entire afternoon at the guy’s house. Hopefully an hour or two in the park will knock Charlie out and she’ll be in bed by 8pm and Dean can hide himself in his room and bust a nut, or two just to be on the safe side.
When Gordon moved his shiv closer to his groin Dean kicked from underneath Gordon shouting at him to get off of him. It didn’t do much use. The Angel Grace was giving Gordon that upper edge on him. Gordon tutted.
“Dean.” Sam’s concerned voice echoed out from the cell. He couldn’t look at his brother, choosing to walk away and climb the stairs to his own cell. It was like he was psyching himself up for it with each step he took, hands gripped tight onto the bannisters as he went. He passed the Russians outside their cells, eyes on him, quiet murderous smiles on their faces. Cas wasn’t with him which meant he was probably in his cell, waiting for Dean.
When they left Dean managed to get himself back up off the tiles. The adrenaline still coursed through him. His knees ached from the impact, his shoulders felt strained from being pulled and held for that long. His heart pounded in his ears. Dean pressed the button, turning the shower on. He looked back, saw Cas still standing there, watching. He was safe. The Russian had protected him. He knew there would be consequences for that but for now he didn’t care. He was just glad he didn’t have to go through with what AB were going to do to him, glad Cas was there. He let himself close his eyes, arch his head back into the spray and wash away the touch of those assholes from his body.
He wished he could laugh. He could laugh if he wasn’t worried about opening his mouth and saying something he’d regret for the rest of his life. Too many people Dean cared about were struck with his venomous words in the past. He wasn’t going to subject Cas to the same fate even if the man was crushing his heart in this very moment.
Then for some reason he thought he’d go back to Cas, because the lift wasn’t enough, he still wanted more of him, making up some excuse of not having food in his fridge just to be around him in a completely different way. To figure out what was underneath. It was chill, nothing too strenuous. Dean kept his hands to himself for the entire night and after that epic jacking off, he gave himself hours before he was content with just hanging with Cas. Content so much he fell asleep on the couch drifting off to Cas’ calm voice.
Dean puts his phone away, scoots forward on the machine to get down and joins Cas on the floor. He sees the neighbor watching out of the corner of her eye. Dean feels bold, wraps his arm around Cas to bring him in close and places a kiss the top of his head. Cas doesn’t object, lets his head drop and continue on reading his book as if it’s the most natural thing for them to do this. It makes Dean’s heart twinge a little.
When Castiel wasn’t enjoying trying out Gabriel’s new experiments he was either on campus, lecturing or in his little studio flat grading papers. Something Heaven’s Little Angels managed to instill into him that he didn’t despise was a love for reading. History and English mainly. The only books (other than the bible) they were allowed read had to be factual and somehow in Castiel’s mind he saw them as stories. The stories of people who had lives outside of the walls of the orphanage, conquests and revolutions, wars and salvation. He would hide under his thin bed sheet with his flickering flash light absorbing all he could from the books till one of the nun’s found him. He’d have vivid dreams from his nighttime reading and write on any scrap paper he could find the stories from his imagination.
He let go before Dean’s release came and Dean’s whine had Cas having to get a hold of his erection to stop himself from cumming prematurely. This wasn’t about Cas. This was about Dean and punishing him for being with that girl. He had to remind him of that.
Cas lifted his head up to catch Dean’s lip in a kiss. “You’re a good man too Dean,” he said against his lips. “You’re brave,” he kissed. “And loyal,” another kiss. “And…”
Dean looked at the Russians. Cas and Gabriel were out for blood by the looks of it, using whatever they could get their hands on to take each other out. Gabriel was using a tray as a shield to block Cas’ onslaught of punches. They looked breathless, like they’d be at this for a while. Their faces bloodied, their fists too and when Dean caught a glimmer of something shiny in Cas’ hand, he knew this was not going to end well for the other Russian. Cas had the height advantage and now a weapon.
“I think what Dean was trying to say is that whatever you heard is not true.” Bobby reasoned with the old Folk Nation. Rufus nodded.
Why were they having this conversation while they were rutting against one another again? He straddled Cas’ waist, wanting more leverage to slide their cocks together, loving every hiss from the man under him. Making Cas feel good was Dean’s new top priority it seemed.
The Russians advanced in sync as did the brothers. Dean took the first hit. It was too easy. Cas didn’t even try to protect himself from it. Cas wiped the side of his mouth, slowly turning it into a grin. Dean realised that was the first time he’d touch the Russian. He’d laugh if he wasn’t supposed to be angry but if anything, he was thinking he was gonna enjoy this. It had been too long since he’d hit something and if Cas was letting him, then why waste the opportunity.
He was surprised about Dean’s knowledge on it. He hadn’t thought Dean had much going on in his mind aside from girls and cars. Perhaps he had judged Dean too soon. It seemed Dean was more than meets the eye.
“That’s it, feel it Dean, feel it build,” He said watching as the shakes returned to Dean’s gorgeous body, close to the cusp of orgasm. “Tell me when you’re…”
“I do.” Cas replied without taking a beat. “I want you Dean in more ways than you can possibly imagine.” He leaned his forehead against Dean’s continuing his confession in hushed tones. “I don’t even think want is the correct word to describe it anymore, want makes it seem like I have a choice and I’m not sure I do anymore. It’s as if every choice about mine and Claire’s life has vanished, leaving only you and Charlie.”
He shakes those thoughts out of his mind, for now and walks into the laundry room. Dean is dressed differently, dark jeans, boots with a flannelled shirt on. The oil smears on his arms are long gone. His back is to Castiel again. He attempts not to scare Dean again by saying hello. It doesn’t work.
If there were no rules, then technically Dean didn’t have to keep sitting on the couch. He was torn between wanting to watch them on the screen and wanting to make Cas lose the game. Dean kept moving his eyes from the tv to Cas, loving how Cas kept rising up to meet Dean’s slow jerking movements. He really liked Cas’ cock. Out of all the ones he’d seen in his few weeks of exploring this side of himself Cas’ was the nicest, granted that might be because of the person who owned it, but the point still stood.
One lazy morning Dean wakes Cas up with a roaming hand. Ghost like touches caress his exposed skin. The bedsheet is pushed down to their waists. He keeps his eyes closed, enjoying the moment. He wonders if Dean knows he’s awake, wonders if Dean has done this at other times while Cas slumbers beside him. The thought sparks a low warmth in the pit of stomach.
The more the teasing continued a sheen of sweat started to coat Dean’s naked body. His chest starting to glisten a little as he writhed under Cas’ touch. Cas picked up the pace, jacking Dean off with enthusiasm, bringing him right to the edge again that had Dean crying out in the most desperate way.
He hadn’t been at school. Cas had been keeping an eye out for him unless Dean was keeping himself hidden from Cas. That would be odd though, considering the last time they spent time together it had almost been amicable. Dean had even managed to make Cas chuckle which seemed to only be adding to the reasons why Cas wanted to see the boy again.
He licked his lips once before licking a strip up Cas’ length in front of him, licked all the way up till he reached Cas’ head and wrapped his plush lips around it. The Russian’s stomach contracted, a mutter of Russian left his mouth, not that Dean knew what he was saying, he just knew it meant Cas was breaking and he chased for more Russian swears as he took more of Cas in his mouth.
“I can fix this.” Cas said and lay back on the bed, took his book out from under his pillow. That was Cas’ way of saying the conversation over. The Russian had a plan, not that he’d let Dean in on it. He had another half an hour before yard time, decided to climb up onto his bunk and not poke the pissed off Russian any more than he already had.
Claire followed with entertaining levels of rage, wielding her sword around. Dean smiled wide and bright, full of warmth and insides turning to mush. As much as he wanted the physical side with Cas, he also kinda wanted more of this side too. This was the side that made him know his attraction for the man could slowly become more than a mere crush the closer he got to him.
“Gabriel did a number on you eh?” he looked over Cas’ face, hands going up tentatively to inspect the damage. The bruises were starting to bloom on his face. Gabriel got him good on his cheek, his jaw and he had a split lip and a cut above his brow.
They were having lunch on campus a couple of days later when Cas decided to announce something as Dean was chowing down on his burrito.
Dean chewed down his taffy. “What he said.” He gestured to his friend across the table. If he flat out denied it that would be too obvious, and he couldn’t exactly tell the truth either. Not that Dean even had all the truth, he knew it was contraband, he didn’t know it was freakin’ drugs they were working with in the kitchen. If it even was Angel Grace that is.
He realised he still had Cas’ hand in his, not that the Russian seemed to mind Dean outlining the skull over and over. Dean gave it back, packed up the first aid kit and stood up as count was called.
He watched Cas. The tiniest of smiles showing up. He wanted to know what the smile was for. Was it because they were holding hands? Because Charlie painted it? Because it looked like they were some kind of family? The smile had too many answers. Answers Dean wasn’t about to get.
“Bring Dean-o here around back, show him the pies.” Gabriel gestures towards the kitchen. Cas’ tries to hide his smile, looking at the floor instead of Dean, the chance to get some time with Dean while at work is a nice surprise. “The cuties and I will sort the other stuff.”
Close to midnight Dean turned in, walking to the bedroom with tired sunken eyes. He’d try to sleep. Dean slipped off his clothes, climbed in under the duvet and started to drift off when he heard the door to the bedroom open Dean doesn’t stir. He's annoyed, pissed off and sleepy frustrated which was the worst kind, wanting to shout but no energy too.
He leans against the machine. Dean is atop of one beside him letting his legs dangle. The playful energy is dissipating between them. He wants to keep it going, unsure how. He isn’t good with these situations, leaves it to Dean to guide him through it. Part of him hopes Dean being playful was to get to something else, maybe he was wrong. It’s hard to understand people’s motives, sometimes they are true, sometimes there are ulterior ones. If only Castiel could skip ahead a few pages in Dean’s book to read his thoughts.
His friend moved closer to him, rubbing their heads together in a sweet gesture that had Cas convinced Dean’s inner sub was truly flourishing. “Yeah Cas, I’ll be good, promise.”
“Yes.” Cas replied nonchalant. Dean decided to be a pain and run his hand over himself. He liked riling people up, the Russian was no different. He liked how Cas’ mouth gaped a little, how his head tilted slightly, and the smoke let his mouth on its own accord around the cigarette. If they were anywhere but here, he’d tell Cas to come over here already and have a taste. That Russian filled his brain with far too many explicit images and scenarios.
There’s a familiar record store boarded up. It’s not been replaced by anything. He gets a sudden sinking feeling. His footsteps slow down to a complete stop.
Dean stretched in the bed, cracking his joints and wakening up his muscles. His jaw almost locking from the yawn. He kicked the duvet off, swung his feet onto the carpet underneath them and was about the go check out his window when Charlie came bolting into the bedroom.
He had spent the last fifteen minutes under the car, trying to figure out where the rattling noise was coming from that the customer was so insistent on hearing. He had tightened nearly everything he could think of hoping that would satisfy them. Dean rolled out from under the car.
Dean slapped a smile on his face, shining his teeth at his friend. “Yay for us! I’ll go pop some champagne. Let’s bring her round, she can watch you blow me next time.”
Half an hour later he’s showered, dressed, caffeinated and slightly nervous. Just awake Castiel didn’t have much registration of what was going on around him, his emotions and thoughts don’t fully kick in till he’s showered and caffeinated. Now that he is, it’s hitting him. He’s about to go on a date with Dean. Dean who likes him.
They shared a chuckle, then there was screaming and shouting pulling them away from their conversation. “Save me Daddy!” Charlie came running in, hands up about to leap up off the ground and into Dean’s arms. He was ready taking her with ease up into his arms. Claire came running in after with Charlie’s foam sword in her arms.
“Hello? Earth to Dean?” Charlie waved his hand in front of Dean’s face. He tore his eyes away. “You hearing me in there?”
Dean took the cup off the table to do something with his hands. He was well aware he had a temper, especially when people he cared for were hurt by others. “I’ll take your word for it.” He mumbled.
He comes back to earth, looking down between the mess he’s made on their stomach, more on Dean’s. White strips and a dark wet stain on Dean’s jeans. He deduces Dean’s cum in his pants.
Dean crossed the road in a hurry knowing he might have to jog some of the way back home. He hoped Bobby was too hungover to give him an ear full for being late again.
He felt Cas following, quick thrusts slowing down to a grind as he came inside Dean, it felt more like a rumbling thunder.
“Some dude I met online, name’s Benny, works on a shipyard.” Dean went to his phone to pull out a photo his brother obviously wanted to see. He put the phone up to his face. Sam’s expression looked impressed. “Not too bad eh?”
“Guess I could drop Charlie off at Sam and Amelia’s for a few hours, they’re pretty lax about that sort of stuff. Monday?”
Christ, he followed the dude upstairs. Shoved him into the bathroom and…fuck, it was so hot. He couldn’t remember all of it, bits and pieces of that moment flashing in his mind. A part of him hated how drunk they were but then again if they hadn’t of been, chances of that happening would have been slim to none. He remembered Cas’ hot mouth on his cock, taking him all like it was nothing. The feel of both their cocks in his hand, that flesh on flesh like he never experienced before. Cas’ gravelly grunts as he tried and failed to hold his phone.
