It had been a full week of this avoidance while Tony waited on Bruce to gain the knowhow on the necessary surgery to fix him up. The needed equipment had arrived by the third day but Bruce was still studying, locking down the process. Tony felt like he was stalling, hoping that Steve would somehow out stubborn him into talking about
Then expression eventually turned thunderous. He sat there for a while as Sharon tried to comfort him until he got up the courage, and angry, to go confront Tony. He stood quickly and marched towards the elevator. Since Tony had begun to avoid him he had noticed that JARVIS couldn’t tell him where Tony was if he asked in a general sense, but would answer if he asked about specific locations. Once he boarded the elevator he asked the AI, “Is Tony in the workshop, JARVIS?” There was a beat of silence where Tony informed the computerized butler to lie about his whereabouts when asked what to say.
It had gotten so bad that he have taken to wandering around the tower instead of keeping to his Workshop. Of course Clint had said something about it. He had said it was like a ghost was wondering the tower and he hadn't much liked it after Tony and scared him for the third time. No one really liked it but Clint has been the only one to mention it to his face. He supposed the rest of them just kept their PTSD brooding to their rooms. Except Steve of course. He kept it in the gym.
There didn’t seem to be any time between his AI saying that and when his bedroom door burst open to show a sleep ruffled Bruce rushing into his room. That may have been because he had started coughing up petals soon after he’d laid back down again. “Tony!” Bruce appeared at his side to pat his back as if that would help with this mystical flower shit. This didn’t feel real. How on earth was this disease real? “Breath through your nose. Yes, like that. That’s good.”
The AI responded as quickly as he ever did, and yes, no one could tell him that JARVIS was not a ‘he,’ thank you very much. “Sir has a full schedule today and a flight to Shanghai scheduled to take off at six tonight, as I have been trying to remind him of all night.”
Before he could say anything, Steve walked forward, right towards him, with a growing smile on his face. “How was Shanghai?” He didn’t even get a chance to answer. The only warning being Steve’s approach, he was suddenly pressed up against the counter. The edge of it hit into the small of his back as he was loomed over, their bodies pressed together. “I missed you, Tony.”
Steve’s eyebrow lifted and he drew back a bit. “You know that is cheesy as all hell right? Not remotely sexy. I get better propositions online.” While he said this he still moved his hips against Tony’s, leaving him little time to argue his case.
Honestly, he’d thought they had something good. Something lasting even. It was a little unexpected, that’s all. He wouldn’t have put up any fuss if he could just have had some time to prepare for the end. It was always a bit easier if he saw it coming. Then he could have been the one to tell Steve things weren’t working out. Clean break from his end, like normal.
He was trying to figure out some way to shut the damn thing down but before he could the portal began to open again. Not wanting the next thing to pop out of there to be another Natasha, or worse, a Clint, he slammed a stray hammer down onto the device. The portal closed without anyone jumping out of it. Looking down at the mess he made, he sighed. “I’m gonna have to tell Steve.” Behind him, he heard the younger him snort.
During Tony’s rant Steve seemed to get paler and paler. He hadn’t thought that was possible with his Irish complexion. Before he could dodge the hold Steve had his hands gripping his shoulders. “Tony, you can’t believe I would—that I would lie about anything of the stuff in those letters? It was all true! You’re brilliant beyond belief and so gorgeous. Iron man is too of course!” The grip on his shoulders only tightened as Steve’s distress grew. There’d definitely be bruises. “It was easy to give gifts to the others because—because I didn’t love them like you, Tony. I know you don’t feel the same.” The grip finally loosened until it disappeared altogether.
Steve was also the one he saw the most concerned from. It was obvious in his face. He was probably worried it would affect Tony's work as Iron Man. He made sure it never did though. In the field Iron Man was perfect. If he wasn't Clint would probably hit the sidewalk one day. Missions were the one thing that always seem to go well even if they were sometimes messy.
The only thing Tony took any note off at all was Steve shuddering over him, filling him up all over again. This one finally seemed to slow the blonde down just a bit. He took the time to run his hands down Tony’s sides sensually, eventually pulling his hair to adjust his head into the right place so he could make out with the blissed out body beneath him. There were the clanking of teeth that got Tony’s attention less than Steve picking up his hips and thrusting into him again did. He came to his senses shortly before Steve came for the fourth time in a row.
With all the unexpected things that had happened last night Tony should have taken comfort in something routine happening when he woke up. Steve was gone as per usual and for the first time he was a little upset about it. The other man always left a note or a message to be relayed by JARVIS for him, but after a week apart worrying he really wanted the close contact he’d been deprived of.
“Captain Rogers’ handwriting matches the notes.” If his heart had plummeted to his stomach before, it went all the way to the bottom of his tower now. Steve was manipulating him and this knowledge twisted the meaning of those letters around. He had thought someone cared about him selflessly and he’d been so happy. More happy than being with Pepper had made him and that thought had him feeling sick because that was the best relationship he had ever been in. Now he had to live with the fact that the feelings conveyed through those letters wasn’t sincere. That he had fallen for a fake again, like Ty, only so much worse because this was Steve.
While not actually prepared for Steve to bring up the date he heard him making, Tony didn’t let it trip him up this time. Turning his head, he called back to the solider as he bordered the elevator. “You don’t need to tell me every little thing you do, Capsicle. Our plans weren’t concrete.”
Tony was at his newly reconstructed Malibu house when he got the first letter. Well, it really wasn’t much of a letter. He supposed he’d have called it a note if it hadn't been in an envelope. JARVIS with all his years of commands would have dealt with it himself, marking it as nothing of import, but FRIDAY didn't have all that stored knowledge yet. So instead of refusing to inform him of yet another unknown package’s arrival she woke him up from his midday nap.
“That’s right, Steve. Come on Stud, take what you need.” It always amazed him how willing Tony was to let him achieve his first orgasm as quickly as he always did. Not once had he ever come before Steve in all their times together. At first it had made him feel inadequate but Tony had explained to him that he could never just cum as quickly or as often as Steve did. After he came once the show was all but over for him and he wanted it to go longer than passed just one orgasm if his partner was capable of that and Steve was very capable.
With this in mind he went down to his workshop, hoping to bury himself in work. It didn’t work as well as he hoped it would, his mind capable of running on numerous tracks at the same time. He was still considering what his best course of action would be when he heard the sliding of his workshop door. He turned quickly, expected Pepper, and getting something else entirely. Steve stood there, decked in nothing but a pair of pajama pants that hung way too low for Tony’s eyes not to trace the drooping line they made. It was highly unusual for Steve to come down here.
Steve wouldn’t cheat though so maybe he wasn’t exclusive with Sharon yet and Tony was as easy a lay as any. Truly, ridiculously, easy. Steve must have done it with her yesterday too, not just with him. That would explain why he hadn’t gone as long as he usually did. Sharon had kept him satisfied while he was gone. Another thought, treacherously, made its way into his mind. If they weren’t exclusive yet then maybe Tony had a chance to get Steve back or maybe he was even overreacting. They could just be hanging out like friends. “What are they doing, J?”
It had been half a year since the first letter but only a few months since he actually started to consciously care about who the sender was. They had to be close to him and that meant he could find them. Find them and...start a relationship? Was that his end goal here? He supposed it was in a way. He wanted to get to know them and hoped they would still want to be around him when they got to know him. With how the gift showed up at optimal timing they probably already knew him better than most people in the public did. They knew he was moody and subjectable to long binges in his workshop without coming up for air. Plus, unlike Pepper, they appear to be okay with him being Iron Man. That was a plus.
“It is said that the petals are caused by a growing plant in the lungs and if this plant can be removed, then the illness will cease. Along with that, any feelings towards the unrequited love interest will be gone. A search has come up with zero doctors alive who specialize or have knowledge of this procedure.”
He was still standing over the broken figurines when the door to his lab swished open and Steve walked in. “Tony?” It took a second for the blonde man to see the mess on the floor. “Tony, are you okay?!” He rushed towards the other man, but the genius threw up his arm when Steve touched him to brush it off. He didn’t turn to look at him but he could hear the super soldier shuffle a few steps back. “Tony?”
There was another gasp from the blonde as Tony’s prostate was hit dead-on by the pulsating cock before it dove into him further to be completely surrounded by his heat. The kiss that followed was wet and sloppy with how slack jawed Steve got during orgasm. It didn’t seem to matter to the other man though, always one to attempt a kiss while cumming into him. With the jack rabbiting hips and messy kiss, Tony was forced to grab the base of his cock tightly to prevent himself from orgasming. Steve apparently wasn’t too far gone not to notice this, smiling down at the blushing man he was inside of.
With a chest rattling cough he surged up in bed, expecting to end up throwing up all over his sheets. It never was what he expected though, was it? Instead of bile all that came up were petals. Blood covered petals that fluttered across his bed and shooting out all over the floor. It was a flood of them, having been kept down for so long. He could hear JARVIS in the background, but he threw his head back to ward him off calling anyone to his aid.
Yeah, so maybe they had never talked exclusivity and it was really more of a friends with benefits arrangement, but…shouldn’t he have gotten some notice before it ended? All Steve would have had to tell him was that he was thinking about getting back together with Sharon. Tony would have been okay with that, would have ended it without any fuss. He was cool like that, good at hiding the hurt. It was just that this one hurt a little more.
It wasn’t long before the fingers in his ass were removed to make room for Steve’s cock and this is where things got interesting for Tony. While the super solider always did his best to make prepping him pleasurable, he had always preferred the real thing to fingers. Steve was just so large that he couldn’t help but hit his prostate on every thrust and the drawn out friction was the best. With this in mind he couldn’t help but spread his legs lustfully as he lifted his ass to urge Steve on. He didn’t have to wait long.
. He was not about that life. One day he had even pulled a Clint and shot himself down a laundry shoot during a coughing fit as Steve followed him so that he wouldn’t be discovered. It was a difficult secret to keep when every time he saw the super solider he began to think about Sharon too.
Steve had caught sight of Tony as he came to an abrupt stop in the middle of the room. “Tony? Are you okay?” When he didn’t answer, lost in his worry, the other man stood and wandered over to him. “Hey, you in there?” A hand was waved in front of his face, breaking him out of his thoughts and his own hand flinched out to grab at it.
Sure, Steve didn’t stay over often, really only when the rest of the Avengers weren’t in the tower, but it was enough that he hadn’t minded when the stuff showed up. He had honestly been happy to find the toothbrush. Steve had said he’d been getting sick of using the disposable ones Tony stashed away for ‘guests.’ The guy hated disposable anything, but Tony drew the line at saving shitty toothbrushes for repeated use.
He knew Tony probably not have let the elevator open for him on the workshop’s floor so he had taken the stairs there instead. Once he was on the floor he went right up to the blacked out doors to the shop and knocked. “JARVIS, please tell Tony that either he lets me in or I break the door down.” He had expected more of a protest, but the doors slid open easily the moment after that. He walked into the workshop and there was Tony, leaning over his workspace and looking him straight in the eyes. Looking at him closely, he noticed that his legs were sticking out a bit, something blocking them from being fully hidden underneath the desk. He could just see the edge of a trashcan. “Tony, do you I’m seeing Sharon?” That was all it took. Tony’s throat jerked weirdly but he refused to open his mouth. Rushing over to him he pulled out the trashcan from under the desk and pushed it to the other man’s chest. It was already half full of flower petals.
The coughing finally stopped and Tony looked up at Steve, disbelief plain across his face. He pushed him away from him and yelled, voice hoarse. “You can’t just say that because I’m sick!” This was why he couldn’t let him know. Steve would try to save him, try to be a hero like he always did. “Loving someone doesn’t happen like that. That isn’t how it works, Steve.” Suddenly, he was pulled into a hard chest, head thumping against it.
Bruce was apparently getting bored with the conversation too, interrupting before Clint could answer. “No, it's one of the gifts Steve likes to give out when we get hurt in the field. This is Clint's first time getting in hurt in a while thanks to you always saving him. He's like a kid displaying a sticker from the teacher.” Clint look like he was offended by the comparison but Tony couldn't even laugh at that. All his Focus was on the figurine. The exact same figurine his secret 3admirer had given him. The same one that Steve apparently liked to give out as trophies.
A wild blush spread across his face, he could feel it. Pushing Steve away he threw a hand over his face. “That’s a little too much.”
They had just gotten back from one of those messy ones, where Tony had to put the Iron Man suit through decontamination, when he found the second letter. Another Amazon box was laying on his workbench with his other priority mail. He didn't even get the chance to ask Friday why it was there. She answered the question before he could voice it. “You seemed to enjoy it so much last time Boss that I thought it could help now too. It appears to be from the same sender as of the first.”
Scrubbing himself clean, he considered his options instead of giving in to the urge to ask too soon. He avoided the water hitting his face, as he always did, and stepped out from his shower quicker than he had in years when he wasn’t in a hurry. A towel was pressed against his face when he decided to speech, almost hoping JARVIS wouldn’t hear him. “I asked where Steve is, J.” It was quiet for only a moment before the British voice came over the speakers.
“No, Sir.”
Before he knew it he was laying against his sex smelling sheets again. This time he realized what was causing the petals as his mind tried to start wandering towards Steve and Sharon again at the smell. He tried to crawl his way off the bed but Bruce was stopping him. “Please. Please, Bruce. Let me down from here. Please!” Unable to not give in to the very un-Tony like pleading that was coming from his friend, Bruce finally helped him down off the bed and onto the pile of bloody petals that now covered the floor.
A documentary on the Cold War was playing on the TV when Tony walked into the common room to check on his most frequent guest. Of course that was besides Bruce, the only one to outright accept his offer to reside at the tower fulltime.  He had an arrangement with the super solider where neither of them mentioned how he was spending nights here more often than not as of late.
He rubbed at Steve’s jeans and felt the flesh underneath twitch. “Or you could just say sorry.” He still didn’t stop Tony from rubbing at him though, even having said that. Throwing his leg over Steve, he straddled him and rubbed their groins together. He ran kisses along Steve’s cheek until he hit his beard. He scratched at it lightly.
The minute the door shut behind Steve, Tony had curled up into a ball. The pain in his chest was worse than it had ever been before. He held his hand against his sternum, realizing that it didn’t feel like heartbreak like he had thought or even like it was his heart malfunctioning. It felt closer to his lungs, as if something was trying to get out. At that thought, without any warning, he started to cough again and this time something did come out of his mouth.
After going upstairs once he put the letter down he found himself in such a predicament again. The team was making their individual sandwiches for lunch when he walked in. The ingredients for spread across the table and they were having a jolly old time but they stopped talking when they saw him. It really was only quiet for a minute though. Clint could never stay silent for long.
“No, you didn’t.”
All he wanted was a cup of coffee. Okay, and maybe to see Steve, but the coffee had been priority one. Caffeine from the kitchen’s machine just tasted better, alright? Now…now it felt like he’d choke on anything he tried to force down his throat. He should have stayed in the workshop, then he’d never have heard it.
He lifted it like it was a prize and showed it off to the two geniuses. In any other case it wouldn't have been that interesting of a sight except Tony recognized it. It was a miniature version of Hawkeye and while every version he'd seen before had been unique, he had the exact same one in his workshop. The minute he saw it he thought he might be able to get information of where his secret admirer had been once. “Where did you manage to get that, a thrift store dumpster? What a vain hawk. ”
He would have had time to collect all the little things of Steve’s that had migrated to his room over the past couple months. Like the second toothbrush sitting right by his own, the straight razor in his medicine cabinet, and a few articles of clothing that had filtered in. All the signs of a budding relationship, or, he supposed, a frequent booty call.
Reed, nor Steve, had been happy with him. Richards had wondered how he could mess something up so wholly. According to him the device had been meant to be a time traveling one that incomplete. Instead after Tony had been with it, it had plucked their three guests not just out of time but out of a different universe. At least in young Tony’s and one of the Steve’s cases anyway. The other Steve was just a simple time traveler and really, it was only in their world that time travel was a simple option.
“Then he must be in the Penthouse.”
at not returning Tony’s feelings. His stomach rolled with self-disgust. How pathetic was he?
The doors closed in front of the other man before Steve could answer back and he was left there in the kitchen feeling foolish. “Oh.” He rubbed at the back of his neck wondering what he’d done wrong. “I just thought you’d have liked to know…” He quietly muttered the words to himself while he considered what he’d say to Tony the next time he saw the other Avenger.
His mother had to explain to him why one of the young ladies walking in front of them had stopped and suddenly begun to have beautiful white red petals fall from her mouth. It would have been beautiful if it hadn’t looked so painful. The image had stuck with him. It was just another one of the many diseases he had to worry about becoming susceptible to. He hadn’t seen or heard of it is this century at all even though it was something he had occasionally heard about before the war. Hanahaki Disease. Oh god, Tony.
Leaning back into the couch he lifted up the figurine into the light and admired it. It really was very cute. The gift was very simple but it really had made his day. It seemed to give birth to a new spark of energy in him. He wasn't over pepper just like that, he didn't think he ever would be, but it helped make him see that the relationship hadn't been everything. People still cared about him, he was still Iron Man, and he had a company to run an avenging to do.
When his fingers wrapped around the thick wrist, he looked down at it captured in his hand. It wasn’t like they hadn’t causally touched before. He was actually a very touchy feely guy after all. It just felt different, knowing what he did and all. Looking up at the taller man, he let go and ran his fingertips lightly down his arm. Steve’s lips parted slightly at the unexpected contact.
It was with this thought doing circles in his head that he turned to Steve after they were done and muttered, “Can you take your shaving kit with you when you go back to you room? It’s taking up a lot of space in the cabinet.” He kept his eyes closed so that he wouldn’t have to watch Steve as he said it, too worried he would see relief there at having Tony pull back from whatever it was they were doing. He didn’t see the way Steve froze up as he threw the washcloth into the dirty laundry.
When Steve came for the fourth and, surprisingly, final time Tony had decided that he had been right about the blonde having had sex with Sharon yesterday before his return. Why else would Steve be orgasming with him less than he usually did. Maybe he just doesn’t find me that attractive anymore? I’m getting old, my body isn’t what it used to be. He thought about his flagging erections and suddenly felt warm humiliation run through his belly. His not-as-toned-as-it-once-was belly. Why in the world would Steve continue to stay in solely his bed when he couldn’t even keep it up before he came? That was even if it really had been ‘solely’ his bed. Their arraignment apparently hadn’t been a closed one. Who knew what Steve got up to when he wasn’t with Tony.
It wasn't like Pepper, who cared but had been so used to him that she never really worried all that much. She was far more concerned with his time as Iron Man then his time in the workshop. He would have said that it was similar to how Jarvis, the original Jarvis, cared but it felt different. More romantic. It wasn't even his delusion either. He was sure of this because sometimes the letters waxed poetry about Iron Man. Of the beauty of his suit and his brilliance. Of the worry his secret admirer had when they watched him get hurt in battle.
“Yeah, I’m coming up.” Tony watched him smile slowly as he went about closing the holograms open on his workstation. He really shouldn’t be doing this, not when it meant more to him than it did to Steve. He would just have to control it then if he wasn’t going to give it up. There were things he could do to prevent an unwanted attachment from lingering too much. With that in mind, he followed the super solider up to his room, what he had once considered their shared space for the most part.
. You need sleep to function properly.” Watching the smaller man down the cup of dark caffeinated death he’d made, he heard him moan with appreciation. Shifting on his feet, he crossed his arms over his chest and tried to look stern even as his dick gave a twitch of interest at the sound.
The AI’s voice as she replied seemed almost smug. “I know. Another hour and your sleeping schedule would be even more atrocious than it already is.” Sighing, Tony threw the pillow off of him and onto the floor where it hit some empty liquor bottles. He climbed out of the bed slowly, feeling all the aches and pains from his last battle a few days prior.
“Boss, a package has arrived for you. It has been placed near your front door. It was delivered by a USPS worker. His identity was verified. A scan of the package has picked up no suspicious materials.”
Clint and Tony continued to rib each other over their meal while Steve looked on. Eventually Thor finished his meal and asked the super soldier to join him in a spar. It almost looked like he was going to tell the Asgardian no but he accepted. They left and Natasha join them soon after looking like she plan to watch them duke it out. Bruce was still enjoying his yogurt when Clint reach down and picked up something by his foot. “Look what I got!”
Turning his face away and into the petals, he felt blood get wiped on his cheeks, as he heard JARVIS explain to Bruce what was going on. Fortunately, he left out exactly who Tony had found himself in love with. This, sadly, was what Bruce really wanted to know. He first solution was very non-medically in wanting Tony to tell whoever it was how he felt so that he could get an actually estimate of their feelings. He didn’t have the heart to tell his friend that his would be lover was actually currently dating someone else non-exclusively. That would put a dapper on all those ‘they probably love you too, Tony’s that were coming out of the other scientist.
Since he’d gotten here he’d ignored all the calls and messages Steve had sent him. It wasn’t even that difficult with how few there had been. Even when Tony was doing official business around or outside the tower they had kept in contact by text. An awful lot of texts actually. Sometimes it was just random pictures of things sent to him that Steve found particularly cute or amusing. Yet there were a scarce amount delivered to him now.
“That’s good, Tony. So good.” They stayed like that for a while more, Tony dry humping the bearded super solider and Steve leaving light suction marks on his skin where it would be hidden by the collar of his dress shirts and suit jackets. They would barely show but if he had to Pepper would make him cover them up with concealer.  Steve hadn’t ever liked when he had to do that even knowing it was for business purposes. It was hard enough for him to keep the marks in low visibilities areas let alone see the ones he made get covered up.
Usually, if members of the team stayed too long in the tower, Steve would take the chance to at least visit the penthouse for a few hours. The man had an outrageously strong sex drive and cutting corners on it didn’t seem to work for him. He’d only left Tony alone for, at max, three days in a row. By the fourth night he’d always gotten a visit from the super soldier. What if Sharon had been helping him with it and that’s why he hadn’t come?
“The only thing I was able to find that explains your symptoms was an illness called the Hanahaki Disease. An infected individual will cough of petals when they find themselves in an unrequited love situation. It is rare, only affecting highly sensitive people, and has not been diagnosed since right before the 1950s. The last known case was in Germany.”
When he turned around with it in his hand Steve had been surprised and obviously a bit disappointed. Tony could understand that, after all he had never made him wear one before. In fact he had delighted in feeling Steve inside him without one. You could even say it was a kink of theirs, going bareback. Using one had in fact not been that great. Where Steve normally could have just cum and kept on going, he now had to stop and replace the latex barrier. Overall it had been the worst sex they had ever had and it wasn’t even completely due to the addition of condoms. There was a distance between them that they could both feel.
Once his pants were off, he turned over and crawled up the bed to dig into the nightstand where they kept the lube. He’d only just managed to grab it when he felt hands surround his hips, slowly dragging him back down the bed and up against Steve’s hard cock. It never ceased to surprise him how fast the blonde managed to get aroused. It…took more for Tony to get to that point even when he was really feeling it.
“Are they talking about a mission?”
Tony had been in his lab less than five minutes when his AI spoke to him. “I have your results, Boss.” Dismissing FRIDAY and avoiding the answer was tempting, far too tempting, but he couldn't. He wouldn't be able to face Steve without knowing and putting it off wouldn't help. If he was right he'd need time to process it. It wasn't like the figurines were truly unique. Both Steve and his secret admirer could have bought them. It didn't have to mean they were same person.
That had been the first letter and it had gotten him out of his funk enough for him to go back to New York. He hadn't actually given it much thought after that. It was just a simple thing after all, even if it had helped him a lot. There was no way he could have thought it would become a recurring thing. Except it did, very much so.
Seeing that Steve was about to say something, he raised his cup pointedly and nodded at him. Quickly speeding off towards the coffee machine, he refused to make any more eye contact with the super solider. The other man didn’t seem to find this at all odd and he heard bare feet padding after him. “What’s your schedule like today, Shellhead?”
He supposed there were other things he hadn’t expected either. The biggest being that Steve would show up at the penthouse that night acting like everything was normal. “Sir, Captain Rogers is requesting entry.” Tony paused mid-bite into his gluten free, soaked in cream cheese bagel. He lowered it onto the counter and wiped his hands of crumbs slowly.
Shelf in his workshop and continued on with his mood brightened. Yet the letters kept coming. They weren't much and they didn't always have a gift but it happened often enough that his shelf now had each of the Avengers likeness on it. If it didn't have a figurine attached then it usually had a movie with it. His favorite was The Iron Giant.
As the rest of the items came in, he had thought it was a signal that maybe Steve wanted something a little more permanent. He’d been ready to clear off a shelf for him and empty a drawer. Well, he’d already emptied the drawer. It had mostly been spare parts that had no reason to be in his bedroom anyway so it hadn’t been much of an issue. Now he just felt foolish.
“My apologies, Sir. You were not direct in your questioning. Captain Rogers is out with Agent Carter at the moment.” That was…that hurt a little. Three days with no contact at all and an extra four with no sex and Steve would still rather be at Sharon’s side than Tony’s. He had let his guard down too soon. Really, he should have worried more about that phone call instead of falling straight into Steve’s arms thinking everything was okay just because the man wanted to fuck him.
“Tell me them, Fri.”
Tony had always knew he could get into his head but he never realized how much it really happened until the letters.
It was as he laid his eyes on the blonde, who was leaned forward, focused expression on, that the realization hit Tony hard. God, he loved the guy. He stumbled as the thought settled in his mind nice and deep. This was a surprise. Of course they’d been spending a fair amount of time with one another as they ran into each other wandering the halls at night. Neither was that great at sleeping throughout the night which resulted in a lot of companionable movie watching.
Damn, the conversation wasn't as interesting to Tony anymore now that he couldn't find anything of import out from it. He turned back to his half eaten sandwich. “Oh yeah, sure. By one of your many fans I presume?”
To say the least: Tony was a mess. He couldn’t concentrate on anything for very long before he thought about it again. Pepper was noticing and giving him hell for it too, which didn’t help matters. He considered just telling her what was going on and hearing her opinion on the matter, but even he knew talking to your ex about your current lover was a shitty move. So he suffered in silence, feeling his chest tighten like something was lodged in it whenever he thought about Steve and Sharon together.
He had just enough time to mask his expression before Steve turned from the view overlooking Manhattan and finally noticed him. The grin that lit up the blonde’s face made his sinking heart shrivel up the rest of the way. Couldn’t he at least look a little guilty at getting caught? Really, what had happened to sweet Mr. Apple Pie, monogamy and the American way?
At Tony’s nod, a hand ran down his back and then pressed into it to push him flush against a hard body. In one move his hips were hoisted up to sit at the V of Steve’s waist and he was pulled off the counter, kept in place with one arm. A shudder went through his body and he attacked the lips that had left his neck, mashing their mouths together in a graceless dance. He was still sucking on his tongue, mimicking the blow job he ever much wanted to give him, when they hit the end of the bed.
“What are they talking about?”
Tony would never get used to how Steve could just go on and on. He’d never had a partner like this and he was sure no one else did either. Steve was one of a kind, having to cum at least six times before he was even close to done. Which was way they using put Tony in a cock cage before staring one of their sessions. This time he would had to starve off his own orgasm as long as possible. Something that would be quite hard with how he could feel Steve pushing through his own spend to thrust into Tony, forced to listen to the sounds that accompanied it. Condoms had never been a thing for them and he never wanted them to be. Steve just felt too good bare inside of him.
Of course Tony did it anyway. “I’ll have you know that People’s magazine consistently names me one of the sexiest men alive. I am incredible sexy and very suave. The most charm-AH!” He threw his head back as his hips were lifted up to meet Steve’s rough grinding.
Reading over the latest letter made him want to find out who it was even more. If he became entangled with his secret admirer then he would be able to get over his lust for Steve Rogers. At least he'd be able to suppress it like when he was with Pepper because it was only lust. Nothing else. Steve was far too aggravating for anything else. He didn't care at all that the man with a stick up his butt only didn't talk to him while spending time with the rest of the team. Didn't matter.
“Of course that isn’t how it happens, Tony. It’s unexpected and it’s watching someone trying to be better every day. Trying to create a future they can be proud of. A safe one where heroes aren’t needed, even when it seems like it’s impossible. Why can’t you see how damn good you are, Tony? No matter what, you are always trying.” Pulling away from him slightly, he looked down into big brown eyes. “I fell in love with you because you were there for me every step of the way. Tony, you are my best friend. How couldn’t I love you?”
“Stark, so glad you could finally join us. You look like hell.”
Steve was probably there to collect his stuff and deliver his rousing speech of apologetic blame for ending things. Honestly, he really didn’t want to deal with it. Which was why he had opted to eat on his floor, something he never did without Steve. Lately he’d been taking his meals in the common area with the super solider. “Let’s get this over with. J, let him in.”
“No, Sir is not in the workshop.”
Tony hadn’t expected Steve to use this opportunity to be able to collect more of his stuff but he should have realized. “Yeah. I noticed a few of your sketchbooks around lately. Don’t worry I can just round everything up another time. You could be getting to bed.” Silence was the only answer he got and he heard feet pad into the bathroom and the medicine cabinet swing open. It closed a moment later and Steve came walking back into the room.
Of course Reed had said it was fixable and that Tony crushing the device hadn’t made their visitor’s stay permanent but original Steve still hadn’t liked what he had done. It seems that it had been ‘a reckless thing to do’ but really, wasn’t Tony always reckless? That defense didn’t fly with any of the Steves and that lead him here, sitting on the couch with his boyfriend trying for apology sex.
Those simple words were enough to have Tony exploding. “I know? Yeah, I fucking know, Steve! I know you have been sending me these fucking letters—packages!” He threw his hand out, gesturing to his desk that contained the letters that he had kept. His voice calmed a little as he went on. “I know you have been messing with me. You gave the others gift too, but you didn’t fuck with them. Why did you with me?! What’s with all this anonymity when everyone else knew who their gifts were from? Why me, Rogers?”
He had expected a kiss to accompany it but was sorely disappointed when Steve didn’t lunge down from his knees to get it. He also expected there to be at least two more orgasms before the other man was through with him, especially having gone through a week long dry spell. It didn’t come either though. Instead his hips were gently set down as Steve removed his length from him, cum spilling down his legs as he did. Everything was sore but he was expecting more and he felt the disappointment rage through him harder when he didn’t get it.
He knew the person was referring to it helping his mood and now he could narrow down the people that the sender could be. He hasn't shown his face much to the public and he hadn't done anything drastic, like going to Malibu, which could show he wasn't doing great. The only people who could have really known that he was in a mood were the employees in his company.
“Then you’re fucked.” Apparently he knew a Steve.
It hadn't gone on all that long but he’d still been throw into a building or two before Cap’s shield had finally taken down the giant squid. It had gone through its eye and found its way to the sea creature’s brain. He shuddered thinking about the shields retrieval process. He had begged off, really runaway from, the debriefing and flown back to Malibu soon after the battle. It had just been a bad day in its entirety and he didn't feel like he could deal with anymore.
. I don’t know.” Figuring that there was no stopping his lover now, he sighed and followed after him.
Things went quickly from there as they stripped each other of their clothes and slid into the bed together. Besides the cock cage, Tony didn’t let Steve do anything that might bring him down into subspace and even held out a condom to him before they got started. He didn’t want to think about where Steve’s cock had already been today even if he couldn’t transmit diseases. Having kept thinking about it he had paused what they were doing to go dig one out of his nightstand.
“Steve!” He leaped up at the other man, knocking him forward a bit from the surprise of it. “Do you mean it? Do you really mean it?” Backing up a bit to give the blonde some room to turn around he watched as Steve brought his wide eyed gaze to Tony’s face. That was all he needed to confirm he was telling the truth. Steve’s feelings were real, the letters were real. A huge weight fell off of Tony as his arms wrapped around the other man’s neck. “I love you too.” With that he put a small amount of pressure against his neck to bring him down into a kiss. “I love you so much.”
“…Yeah, I can do that.” Steve collected his clothes slowly after that, feeling like it had been a dismissal more and more as he wasn’t stopped. Tony never even opened his eyes even though he was obviously awake. “Is there anything else that is taking up too much room? I’m sorry if there is.” It was quiet for a bit and Steve hoped that at minute Tony would say ‘no’ and tell him to get back into bed. Instead, he nodded with his eyes closed.
Sitting down in one of the empty at the table Tony scoffed, “I don't know what you mean. I always look gorgeous. This is just my Grudge look.”
Steve pushed his chin up and pulled his hand away from his voice. “No, it really isn’t.” Leaning down, their lips crashed together and he choked back his laughter. Together they fell to the workshop floor, trashcan upending and petals going everywhere. Their clothes were tossed aside and they had made love right there on the floor, rolling around in the petals that showed just how unexpected this was.
God, just imagining his reaction if Tony had gone through with it was painful. Surely even a guy from the forties would have realized what the ‘I Got You a Drawer’ phrase signified. The humiliation burned up through his throat and he hadn’t even said anything to him about it. He would never have been able to handle the ‘it’s not you it’s me’ talk. Worse, Steve probably really would have been
He zeroed in on that and stared until the tip of a pink tongue darted out to wet lips, then he moved his gaze to azure eyes. What Tony could only call a whine escaped the other man and before he knew it they were all over each other. They hadn’t slept together that day but they came close, only Bruce’s arrival stopping it. Though they did fall into bed just two days later.
Tony thought it seemed like today wouldn’t be much better, having been awoken so rudely. He had received too many packages from his ‘fans’ before. They were almost always from the military trying to get him back into the weapons development business. His real fans tended to stick to letters.
“Oh, yes, Steve. I do think. Those bastards are getting it on without us!” Before Steve could stop him, Tony had pushed him off and was marching towards the backrooms. “I swear if that little twink is having a double Steve fest I will never forgive him,
Tony didn't really give much thought to who the gifter was. Instead he just put the figurine on the
!” A hand came up sluggishly and petted at his hair, before pulling him down to eager lips. He felt legs wrap around his hips before they became to pistol into the man below him.
Standing over him, Bruce could only look down at the wild imagery below him. The petals were a shade of blue that felt oddly familiar and their ends were red, soaked in blood. Curled up on top of the pile of petals was Tony, who wore only boxers with Steve’s shield printed on the ass. His lips were dusted in red from where the petals came out of his mouth. He looked truly exhausted. “Tony, what’s going on?”
Biting his lip until he felt pain, Tony turned his head to the side, trying to chase the thought away. Steve didn’t seem to notice, as invested as warming the lube between his fingers as he was while making hickey’s along Tony’s shoulder. He felt the tip of a wet finger tease his rim, but he grabbed the hand before it could go further. “Cage?” This had Steve pausing but not for very long, his blonde head shook before bringing his attention back to the hole in front of him.
“I’ll be going now. Goodnight, Tony.” The last was said quietly right before the door to his bedroom shut with painful closure. Steve stood outside the door for a second before he started to walk quickly towards the elevator, trying to hold his tears back behind his stone face. He didn’t know what had happened. They’d been doing well, at least he thought so. He’d been careful about not pressing for too much too soon. Apparently he hadn’t been careful enough. Had Tony realized how he felt when he saw him again when he got back from the business trip. Steve
The door to the room where the noises were coming from had just been thrown open when Steve caught up with him. Just as he had thought, their three guests were gathered there in a rather compromising position. Young Tony was completely naked and was sandwiched between two different versions of Steve. The young clean shaven version was getting his dick sucked and the other was two fingers deep in his ass.
The one thing he hadn’t expected was Steve to look so goddamn thrilled to see him when he got back. When the larger man realized who was boarding the elevator with him, his face lit right up, completely not accounting for Pepper standing right next to him. “Tony, you’re back.” She seemed surprised at Steve’s reaction to him or maybe it was the matching grin that slowly started taking over his own face. The last she knew about their relationship, they were barely keeping themselves from throwing things at each other in their Avenger arguments. They still had those enough often, the fights just ended differently.
“Your infection appears to be particularly debilitating…I must also mention, Sir that without treatment the disease is deadly. At the rate you appear to be progressing this is a real concern. Should I call Dr. Banner?” Honestly, Tony did not want that at all. In fact he tried to wave JARVIS off that thought as he coughed, but instead of interpreting his gesture as anyone else would the traitor took it as a go ahead. “Okay, Sir. Alerting Dr. Banner now.” He didn’t even have the energy to glare angrily at the ceiling.
Tony couldn’t even be surprised anymore. So many fucked up things had happened in his life that coming across a young version of himself in his lab wasn’t even something he blinked at. They stared at one another for a moment before a portal opened near his lab table with a gust of wind and someone came shooting out of it. Younger Tony showed less shock at this than having seen an older version of himself. When Tony number one saw that there person who had come through looked like a younger Steve, he could only assume this was because young Tony had come here the same way.
“No, that face is the reason they make you wear makeup in interviews.” Clint cackled to himself and Steve looks like he wanted to say something but he kept quiet. Typical when he was around Tony. He was the only one who hadn't started up his conversation again after he entered the room. Natasha had gone back to talking to Bruce but Thor now lost his conversation partner. He looked a bit put out.
The second time he got a letter it seems like he was surrounded by a dark cloud for days. Nothing seemed to be going his way and he had sunk so far down into his head that he was thinking about Ty and then Sunset. It was like all he could think about was this film of horrible memories going through his head over and over again. He was just glad it decided to skip Afghanistan. That was for his nightmares.
“My privacy protocols do not allow me to tell you that, Sir.” Which meant only one thing, they were talking about something that JARVIS deemed to be something that they would not want Tony to hear unless they explicitly consented. Why had he even bothered installing his AI into the team’s phones if this is all he got from it? His worry may very well be unfounded though. They could just be talking about a mission he hadn’t been involved in or…or about how much they loved each other, about ending things with Tony.
Realizing that there was no hope of hiding this anymore, Tony opened his mouth and let the petals fall out. These weren’t as covered in blood as the ones in his bedroom and Steve didn’t think that was good. It probably meant they had less distance to travel to get to his mouth. The plant had grown. He rubbed the brunet’s back comfortingly, whispering in his ear. “It’s okay, Shellhead. I’m here. I…I love you, Tony. Don’t worry, I’m here. I’m here.”
“My mistake, Sir.” Rolling his eyes did nothing to prevent JARVIS from continuing sarcastically. “I will make sure to use the appropriate wording from now on. Sir inclined to ignore me, Captain Rogers.”
The switch in tone was nearly undetectable but it was enough to get his attention. Even knowing what would come if he said it, Tony just couldn’t help himself. He really wanted it. “Green, Steve.” Right after he said the word, without any hesitation at all, Steve began to plow into him. The overstimulation was just too much and he lost himself in it. He clawed at Steve’s back, making marks that would quickly disappear and he sobbed with the overwhelming pleasure pain of it all. This was exactly where he wanted to be, unable to think about Sharon together with his fellow Avenger at all.
Wrapping his arms around the other man’s shoulders, he lifted his legs and pushed them against the counter to entice Steve into giving him more space to hop onto the surface. Instead of backing up or even leaving his neck, he was lifted up and set on top. Not being the first time he had been picked up so effortlessly by Steve, he just ignored it and spread his legs to give space for the soldier’s hips. “That’s good. Bedroom?”
Apparently he also wanted to make it difficult for Tony, dropping his complete body weight on him and rutting on top of him to create more friction against the brunet’s dick. The surprise was enough to have him loosening his grip and his balls took the opportunity to release their load all over sweaty super solider abs. “I didn’t say you could touch yourself.” Steve planted a kiss on his neck. “Or that you could cum.” It was breathy and said straight into Tony’s ear. “I’ll have to punish you. Color?”
“Captain Rogers went for a run around five this morning before coming back to the Tower until about an hour ago, Sir.” He was just stepping into the shower, when it occurred to him that his question hadn’t really been answered. It was something his AI rarely did, avoiding the question. He made him think about not asking again because it probably meant he wasn’t going to like the answer. Yet even if he didn’t ask he had already caught on to the omission and would be unable to forget it.
It was over fairly quickly but to him it felt like forever. He sagged back into the bed, eyes fluttering like crazy as he tried to keep them open. He’d been unable to breathe for so long that he thought if it had gone on for any longer he would have passed out. “Wh-what happened, J?” His throat felt raw but he had to ask, he knew he had swallowed any of that.
Eventually the chopsticks worked enough so he could tear the box’s flaps open the rest of the way. Inside he found an envelope and a small robot figurine on a keychain. It was retro and his taste exactly. He picked it up and pulled off the protective packaging it had around it, holding it in his hand afterwards. After a while he put it down so that he could open the envelope. Inside was one piece of paper. All it said on it was ‘I hope this makes you feel a little better.’
Brown eyes darting to the blonde and back to the coffee pot that was slowly filling up, he finally looked at the time spanned across it. Huh. It
The first thing he wondered about, of course, was who the hell had sent this to him. The second was how anyone would have known how down in the dumps he was. The only one who knew would have been Pepper and she would never have sent an anonymous package, even if a ‘feel better’ gift from directly from her would have just been cruel.
“Yeah, I’d be up for that.” He wiggled again, more suggestively this time to indict his now neglected cock. “You can eat me anytime.”
The thing was that the letters always helped. When he was depressed they seemed to give him the energy he needed to get out and do something. The times he locked himself in his Workshop to design they reminded him to eat and that sleep was a necessary thing. He realize that maybe he was putting a lot more of his happiness’ stake in these letters than he should. It was just that this person seem to care about him in a way that he missed.
That…Tony wasn’t sure how to feel about that. In the first moment he was quite happy to think he could kill two birds with one stone His feelings for Steve would be gone and he’d never have to worry about it again. Yet he also didn’t want to give these feelings up. They were his after all, though they weren’t returned. He didn’t know how he felt about there not being a doctor who knew how to treat him. At least he didn’t know until he started to heave again.
been happy to see him, maybe he hadn’t controlled his reaction.
They had been discussing how long their guests’ stay might be when Tony scooted closer and placed a hand over the crotch of Steve’s jeans. “I did say I was sorry about opening a portal in space and time, haven’t I?” He rubbed the material slightly and he heard Steve sharp inhale. He hadn’t thought this would work but it had been awhile since they found the time for sex and Steve appeared needy.
Turning around fast, he glared at that stupid stupid shelf he had put up. Steve had caught him in the act of putting it up and when he had told the blonde what it was for he had given him a tiny smile. It felt more like a smirk now. He must have been laughing at him! Laughing about how Tony had treasured something so fucking stupid. Flinging himself up from his seat he marched to the shelf and flung his hand across the surface, knocking all the figurines down. The fact that only the Iron Man one broke had him in hyserticics. “The fuck!” Stomping his foot down, he slammed it onto Captain America’s shield, breaking it off.
“This is still sexy as hell, but seeing a clean shaven Boy Scout version of you does it for me too.” He heard the other man’s chuckle slightly before he felt a hand tug his head to the side by his hair. A pair of lips ran down his neck but right before they got to where it met his shoulder they latched on and began to suck. “St-Steve.” With a moan of his name he started to jerk his hips forward, rutting against his lover. Hands fell to his hips but they didn’t try to stop him, instead they pulled him closer, encouraging the motion.
When it didn't have anything then it usually meant that he wasn't having a depressive moment but had instead buried himself in the workshop for days in a manic episode. The letters were usually about his well-being at that point. The person seemed very concerned with how much food he ate and how much sleep he got. Apparently they knew what he was like. He narrowed it down to being someone in the company that Pepper talk to.
Tony had a lot of time to think in Shanghai and he thought enough even when he didn’t have time. He just kept remembering that phone call. Steve had called the plans he set up with Sharon a ‘date’ before he hung up and had been speaking in a low intimate tone. Plus he’d sounded especially awkward while telling Tony about his plans with his ex-girlfriend. It all pointed to one thing, the first conclusion he had come to and hated. Now all he could think about was what would happen when he got back from his business trip.
While he went running down the stairs to the emergency exit, he thought about how odd Tony had been acting lately. Everything that had happened started to make him think that maybe, just maybe, Tony’s petals were for him. They had to be. He had spent so much time with Tony that he surely would have noticed him falling for someone else. His behavior would have changed at some point and with that many petals it couldn’t have been a sudden onset.
