“Jeanette. Drop those cases. Let him take them, There is no stone on this earth that is worth a single drop of your blood.”
“Indeed he would. His mere presence, particularly if he could find disaffected noblemen to support his claims, could provoke civil war in Gaaldine, and make it impossible for them to look northwards at us.”
Beneath the table’s shade, she glimpsed Molly’s hands, twisting convulsively. Ruthlessly, she pressed on.
He sneered openly at her. “I have no wish of denying that I did everything in my power to separate my friend from your sister, or that I rejoice in my success. Towards him I have been kinder than towards myself.”
One morning, about a week after Bingley’s engagement with Jane, he and the ladies of the house were sitting together in the front parlour when the party heard a coach and four approaching. Kitty ran to the window, and reported that neither coach, horses nor livery corresponded to those of any neighbours. It was, in any event, far too early for visitors.
His lips compressed, but, she persuaded herself, there was a hint of acknowledgement about his eyes.
The voice was flat, arrogant – and utterly unfamiliar.
was a dialect expression Frances’ Gondalian was not entirely capable of parsing. Giulio, however, flicked up his hands in some archaic warding gesture and then, accepting, nodded. “Still and loud.”
She was passing a little church. She stepped into the cool, incense-hung dark, lit a candle and stood before the altar in the Lady Chapel, asking for guidance.
brother.”
She gulped. “And surely they are likely to be so. But how can
“I had surmised as much, sir. We have done our best for accommodations; I trust his Grace the King will have no cause to complain of our treatment of his men. Furthermore, I have had the estate workers and our tenants gather reports and it seems best that part of your escort should be sent first to examine the area where the ambush occurred – given its weight and size, I do not think the Darcy state carriage can have been taken far from that point.”
Darcy’s voice dropped; Colonel Fitzwilliam had to strain to hear him.
“I was, ma’am – at a distance. The arrangement was that the Prince and Hebron were to meet unaccompanied. Unarmed.
“There is no need for any sacrifice on my account. I spoke too hastily. The place holds no memories for me, pleasant or otherwise. We did not visit there. Charles has been looking for a place so long, now he has found one that suits he had best close with it. Be assured, I should be happy to visit you there, should I be invited.”
Once the matter of espionage came into play, George Wickham’s encouragement of Elizabeth’s communicating with her uncle at Gaaldine’s court bore a by-no-means innocent explanation. Dear God, why had she been such a fool? With a trembling hand, she turned the page.
,” Darcy muttered. “I had business in Netherfield, since you ask. After all, as you just overheard, I need to let Pemberley in a hurry and who more proper as its tenant than Charles Bingley?”
The same footman was awaiting him. Same footman; different livery. This was not a summons from his cousin but from the King. Horrifying recollections of that morning’s indiscretions danced across his mind. He set his face. “Well?”
“Of what, then?”
Lizzie. I shall be quite restored in a moment. Do not make an exhibition of yourself. Or of me, either.”
: did that suggest that there were other kinds of thing about which her brother was
All the way down Belmont Elizabeth grasped for the old certainties. All the way, they eluded her.
human. You are lucky such an interval coincided with your visit. But, I fear –”
“Our separateness is also our strength; a three-legged stool is not easily overset. But should two of the legs combine, whether by conquest or by the merging of two lines of descent, it matters not for these purposes, then the kingdoms as a whole would be weakened. Marrying Charis to the Crown Prince of Gaaldine may have seemed a prudent course to King Ambrosine at the time, but it proved a most signal set-back to the Modernist party. Many who would have supported Charis on her own merits could not countenance Gondal becoming a mere province of Gaaldine should Prince Sherlock succeed his brother. King Mycroft married with a child of his own would bring many back to the Modernist fold. Provided, that is, his new bride came from neither Gondal nor Angria.”
She raised her eyebrows. “
a traitorous voice at the back of her mind asserted. She dismissed it, and handed over the buckle.
“At our ages, ma’am, a woman commonly has not much beauty to think of.”
“We can guess. You may be aware that his late grace King Mycroft I of Gaaldine left numerous natural children.”
There was no hope of rescue. She and Wickham were alone in the drawing room at Longbourn. The offended Mr Collins (what could the man have been thinking, to propose marriage on less than three days acquaintance?) had bustled off with the thinnest of possible excuses about seeing Miss Lucas had taken no chill at the ball. After that scene in the drawing-room, Mama was prostrate in her bedchamber, decanter to hand. Papa had retreated to his study. Jane was at church. Her other sisters had decided to walk over to Aunt Phillips, doubtless to transmit the gossip while it was still fresh.
To say truth, the diamond ear-bobs were quite as hideous as previously hinted. The remainder of the tumbled jewels on the table were equally ugly. But, old-fashioned, ill-set and clumsy as these ornaments might be, the stones were of the finest quality. And there were a lot of them.
So, he was deep in enemy territory; he had neither food nor water (nor, to be absolutely honest, any real idea of the best way
“Indeed, sir. Partiality. Anything which smacks of unequal treatment. We have three regiments here and to her late husband’s regiment Lady Abruzzi made a memorial gift of five thalers per man.”
He started, visibly, but she had the floor, and would not be deterred from completing what she had to say.
The fire, it would appear, was largely under control. Her husband, stripped down to his shirt-sleeves and sweating like a dockhand, directing teams of footmen and gardeners and coachmen and stable boys and who the Blessed Virgin knew what riff-raff captured and pressed in off the street in firefighting, was plainly having the time of his life: needed, necessary,
There was a calloused hand outstretched below her. Dumbly, she surrendered the paper into it. The man, the older of the pair, tucked it inside his jerkin before taking her arm, stolid and respectful.
As best as his cramped body could contrive, he essayed a bow.
“Not exactly. I had an audience arranged, or so I thought. And then my pestilential sister-in-law interfered, roused the King’s anger and made all my preparations moot. Can you believe, she even had the effrontery to bring up the Betrothal Parure to the King? She misrepresented my attempts – my honest attempts to secure control over my daughter’s dowry, the property vouchsafed to her by her mother’s dying word – as an attempt to
Charlotte smiled at her. “Lizzie, I have a confession to make. I suspect this invitation stems less from the personal qualities of either of us, than from an accident of geography.”
“This should keep us going for a few months, sir,” Vernon reported, though Julian caught him casting a wistful look at the reserved objects.
“No physician!” The woman seemed caught between horror that she had arrived in a place so provincial as to lack a physician within call and, Harriet grudgingly acknowledged, real concern for her brother. “No apothecary either? Then what are we to do?”
“So, Miss Duplessis, I understand Mr Collins is your father’s heir. For your sake, Mrs Collins, I am glad of it. Longbourn sounds a prettyish kind of small estate and I am sure you will do justice to it as its mistress most creditably when the time comes. But in general, I see no good reason to will property away from the female line. It was never thought necessary in my late husband’s family.”
“Losses at cards? Brother – your grace – what are you saying?”
“Not unless my lady rings. I saw to it there was fruit and sweet cakes and Madeira wine in her chamber myself, and I doubt she’ll ask for more; no more appetite than a bird at the best of times and with a journey behind, another before and a wedding in the middle, she’ll be hard put to keep anything down. I’ve travelled with her long enough to know. No; let the lass have her sleep out. With me, sir.”
Aunt Gardiner, usually the most sensitive of women, came into Elizabeth’s room when she was almost on the point of dozing off, bearing a carafe of water sweetened by the addition of cucumber slices, and a plate of caraway biscuits, in case Elizabeth felt hungry in the night. Further, she did not merely leave her offerings and steal away, leaving the invalid in peace, but hovered, so that eventually Elizabeth could not but call out, “Is there something wrong?”
“Use the back stairs, ma’am. And hurry!”
A day of shocks indeed! How would Uncle John fare, caught up in such an intrigue, with his loyalties to the Crown Princess above all else?
Both men turned to her. The giant got in first.
“Sir, that’s not a trip to be taken lightly. ’Tis four leagues round.”
Marriage, it seemed, had not changed Charlotte’s predilection to digress when nervous.
“Oh, not the least thing in the world. I was speaking quite generally. I know not a scrap of harm of her, and she is a great favourite with a lady of my acquaintance, a Miss Caroline Bingley.”
“I understand there were some very strong objections against the lady.”
“Oh, Lizzie!” Jane’s voice rang out in loving remonstrance, but her eyes sparkled. “Of course Miss Bingley could not press on to Netherfield alone.”
“Judging by the long ballad about the outlaw wooing the castle lady with which Miss Duplessis delighted us one evening in Elbe, I think in your place I would leave off mentioning your trifling saw-mills and olive groves until later and emphasise the expropriation of your wealth.”
When the sergeant found them, his face grey and some decidedly non-regulation stains about his person, Peter felt that at last he had the upper hand.
“Help! Help me!”
house had been razed to the ground and a m-memorial garden planted there.”
Caroline Bingley, the lady addressed, made no response, which was less surprising given she was at present three miles off, making ready for the same ball.
? Why, almost three years ago the man could not put both heels together with his eyes shut without staggering.”
For the girls, their only salvation lay in marriage. Given the paucity of their portions Harriet would have to rely on strategy to make up the difference. The few young men of the district were a known quantity: either impossible or already spoken for. The Duplessis would have to cast their nets wider.
“No. I believe she may have had some such intention, but a man came, I believe bearing a warning for her to walk warily. She burnt papers in the bread oven, the day after.”
Not hard, at first sight, but a question fraught with peril, nonetheless.
She looked sidelong at Lydia. Mr Duplessis was known and feared in the neighbourhood for his sharp wit and his eccentricities but she had always sensed an air of defeat about him. Beneath the courtesy and fussiness her own father had much the same air. If Lydia ever staked her body on such a gamble she had best not rely on her father’s help to collect her winnings.
The maid stiffened her shoulders, as if to guard against committing an over-familiarity.
“There’s no need to borrow trouble. In any event I need you elsewhere. I need you to ride out tonight – take a small escort – and go as hard as you can to the capital.”
The moon crept over the crest of the fells, its cold light transmuting Pemberley’s honey-gold sandstone into granite.
Next in precedence, his younger son, Julian, who had accompanied him to Constantinople and during that six months’ absence shot up by at least four fingers in height, turning him from a round-cheeked boy to a lanky adolescent.
But none of that was of interest to the man in the house in Belmont.
Only the owl’s monotonous note broke the silence that followed. When the Bishop spoke again, it seemed to Julian half an age had gone by and they were only now awakening out of a trance. The Bishop’s voice, too, had a lilting quality, like a man who tells over a dream he wonders might be a revelation.
That reminder served as an irritant to Elizabeth’s jangled nerves, and her voice came out drier that she intended.
a godparent?”
“Tell me!” The words ripped out of her. “Tell me! What were the ‘events in the north’ which concerned Mr Darcy’s sister?”
be on Mrs Annesley’s mind. Caroline Bingley had been utterly ridiculous about it, as if they were all in danger of being murdered in their beds. Her clinginess and hysterics had become quite insupportable and ten times worse once Fitzwilliam left. Though, of course, if fear of them had hastened the Bingleys’ departure, she could hardly think badly of the brigands. Which reminded her –
“Impossible, indeed. For if ladies were to hold titles in their own right, might that not shake the very foundations of King James’s throne?”
The weather remained clear long after the winter storms should have started. “King’s weather,” said Lady Lucas, who was inclined to be sentimental about the dark-haired prince who had so recently become a king. “A green winter makes a fat churchyard,” Aunt Phillips muttered.
A year ago the news of the Crown Princess’s marriage to Gaaldine’s heir had first reached Meryton via the blacksmith. Scarcely had that sensation sunk in when a Master Richardson, newly appointed Physician-in-Chief to the Crown, arrived at Longbourn bearing a short and unforthcoming letter from Uncle John, in which he explained that his duty to the Crown meant he needs must absent himself from Gondal for an unspecified time.
“How so?”
True, everything had the defects of its qualities. Jane perhaps was
Mr Darcy’s voice was low, but thunderous. "If someone were to harm Georgiana –”
“In Elbe, I wish to present myself only in the character in which I was born: a gentlewoman of Gondal, accompanied by two friends of the same rank. Not as a noblewoman, nor as a member of the Royal family. I need sea air. I need tranquility. I
Charis’ hand smacked down onto the tooled leather expanse of the desk. “John! Admit it. You’ve not listened to a single thing I have said for at least the last quarter turn.”
As, indeed, here. Charlotte had known what Lydia was driving at before the last syllable was out of her mouth and yet here was Jane, never doubting Lydia to be ignorant of something every girl of their acquaintance would have had drummed into her since she was first out of leading-strings.
Ever since that awful morning he had wakened late, the previous night sour on his furred tongue, to find Charis and that appalling animal of hers gone he had been caught in the jaws of a steel trap. Why could Sally, whose wit had been almost more of an attraction than her beauty, not see that simple truth?
She did not have to like it, though.
But John, irony of ironies, had leapt to the obvious conclusion; that she had offered her honour to the King and failed to keep him longer than the night itself. A wanton, and, worse, a failed wanton. Not a conclusion he ever uttered, being a gentleman. Being a gentleman, he merely looked it, instead. Who can refute an unspoken accusation?
Miss Darcy went brick red. Her working hands bid fair to ruin her gown.
“Of course you weren’t.” Jane smiled affectionately at Lizzie. “My clever sister would never have consented to marry a man who kept the corpse of his first bride hidden in a chest at the foot of the marital bed. She would have been astute enough to detect his singular preference before allowing him to put the ring on her finger.”
On those last words, there was a chilling purr to his voice. Knowing his hands had begun to shake, Giulio kept them below the level of the desk.
Molly put her head on one side. It occurred to Elizabeth that, from a distance, an observer might assume she was merely sizing up the work on the easel.
And in a family where there had been one marriage (one
On the morning of the Gardiners’ departure, Elizabeth and Mrs Gardiner found themselves alone together in the smaller upstairs drawing room. Elizabeth’s suspicion that this was not by chance crystallised when Mrs Gardiner began with the following words:
What could one say? Colonel Fitzwilliam clapped him on the shoulder.
Darcy’s eyebrows went up, unstoppable. “Sir! You ask me to open a State ball with Molly this day week?”
If only he could confess, and then convince her that the betrayals he wrought were all for her own good. For surely the King knew best: for his cousin, for the land of Gondal, for all the three kingdoms that must and should be one kingdom, that must and should be united, the better to stand against the Pope, and the Emperor, and the Sultan.
Harriet poured from the decanter with a careless hand. “Kitty, my dear, for the moment you need to resign yourself. But if Lydia does well at Lake Elderno, who knows how wide our circle will be opened? But I know, love, I know how disappointment feels. Trust me. I know. I cried for two days together when Colonel Miller’s regiment went away.”
Between Miss Bingley’s pride and Miss Darcy’s shyness, there would have been almost no conversation, but Mrs Annesley’s tact led her to introduce a topic she hoped her visitors might share.
Both Mama and Miss Vittoria paled, then both spoke at once.
Mary declared herself to have the headache and retired early, but Lydia and Kitty, boisterous and over-excited, took advantage of the occasion in full measure. Harriet, in two minds whether to be more irritated by Miss Bingley’s undisguised eye-rolling and knowing smiles at Mr Darcy or by the antics which had provoked them, retreated into aimless chatter: the surest defence against saying something she might later regret.
Encouraged, doubtless, by the gold thaler Frances pressed into her hand, the chambermaid departed, wreathed in smiles. Nonetheless, she lay still on the bed, cucumber slices in place, for a good half turn before she could be sure the maid would not return.
“Our old schoolmaster would call that mere speculation.” Darcy’s smile had no humour in it. “Still, less than three weeks later Glenelden was released without a stain on his honour. The inquisitors were fully satisfied that the so-called correspondence with Angria was an impudent forgery, planted in his rooms by a recently dismissed valet. But by the time Glenelden saw sunlight once more, he was Traquair’s brother and had been so for two days.”
“But was your aunt Elaine’s second marriage happy, despite all that?”
“Indeed. My reluctance was painted in terms of the blackest
Moths as big as pipistrelles hurled themselves into the swinging oil-lamp above their heads, falling stunned to the table only to blunder back aloft and join the lunatic dance around the lamp once more. The silence threatened to drag itself to infinity. At length the Bishop roused himself.
A cloaked and hooded figure stepped into the chapel.
“Nor I. She was always a quiet, biddable child. Intelligent, also. Her father would set her chess problems to work through while he and I played.”
Fitzwilliam – darling Fitzwilliam, whom she had so profoundly wronged – had hovered and stammered and tried to make up to her by filling her room with flowers that made her sneeze. But Mrs Reynolds had removed the irritating blossoms, sent him to bring music and books, brewed her soothing possets, replaced sheets soiled with night sweats with lavender-scented fresh linen and held her hand during an infinity of white nights, freeing Fitzwilliam to pace the grounds or take out his anger by wreaking havoc on the rats in Pemberley great barn.
“I do not doubt for a second where Mr Wickham’s true loyalties lie,” Elizabeth observed.
“I’m sorry; I am afraid you must have been wishing me away for some time, and I should be going. But I wish to God I could do something to ease your distress. I’m afraid this business will prevent my sister’s having the pleasure of seeing you at Pemberley to-day?”
Their hostess’ dark dress had a finish Meryton society had never seen. The dark hair beneath her impeccable lace cap only looked the more perfect for its touch of frost.
A slow smile broke over the Crown Prince’s face. “A good question. And one, it seems, you and I are the first to ask. Perhaps you owe that to being English.”
Darcy himself, of course. And Georgiana, eleven years old and goggling at her former playmate Julian as if at a stranger.
That recollection did her good. It allowed her to say, with tolerable composure, “I had not thought you would have met the Princess.”
“You call it slander?” His lips curved in a sneer. “How, then, do you explain these?”
Giulio had explained Miss Hooper’s instructions, and the assistant had bowed, and said that if he would leave the ornaments for three or four hours, their craftsmen could take all the drawings and measurements which would be necessary, and he could collect them in the evening.
“Impious boy! How dare you say such a thing?” The rich-timbred voice perfectly blended outrage and a kind of cosmic sorrow.
Something, perhaps the presence of the priest, though he surely he could not hear them above the noise of the wineshop, prompted Harriet to wholly uncharacteristic frankness. “Though I grant, my feelings on that point may have done them a disservice. My indulgence when it comes to music may come back to bite the girls, after all. Women need to have accomplishments, everyone tells one, or they will die unwed. ”
It had not – she bit her lip so fiercely in internal denial that she tasted blood – it had not been for that reason that she’d avoided visiting Netherfield subsequently. Indeed, Jane had been conceived hard on the miscarriage, and Harriet had barely stirred from Longbourn during the whole of that pregnancy, for fear of history repeating itself.
“I am the richest heiress in Gondal. One hundred and fifty thousand thaler I can provide like
“But why do I have to pretend I’m eloping
She blinked that thought away, and rose to her feet. “I should be about my packing. I need to be well on with it when my brother’s honour guard arrives.”
“Not one word, not one squeak, if you want to keep your gizzard whole,” breathed a voice in his ear. “Now, march. My lady will learn who you are and what you’re doing here.”
The Crown Prince looked as if he were doing mental arithmetic, and then nodded. “The wagon must made excellent time, but it was dry about then, so they will have had the best of the roads. And the rest of your brother’s news?”
, the Pretender of Gondal knew of King Ambrosine’s proposed marriage treaty before I did. More mundanely, at least fourteen people at this very moment are visibly speculating about what we are discussing.”
With the smoke of those cressets he breathed in something else.
“Sir, I do not understand you. These are stolen lands; they came into my brother’s hands through a cold-blooded act of judicial murder.”
Was that a momentary flicker of surprise on the King’s face? If so, it was instantly subsumed beneath the sunniest of smiles.
After that, things moved like lightning. Within no time at all, a team of soldiers were being directed to erect partitioning in the disputed barn to keep the respective stores of grain separate against future argument. Talk was being had of roofing two disused outbuildings to free up yet more storage space for both parties against the winter.
Frances could have said many things. But her life so far had been a narrow thing, like that of a bird’s in a cage, until her uncle had taken them on this grand journey and there died. Her mind had been expanded further since then than she could possibly have imagined.
“I had thoughts of Charles Bingley.” Darcy’s studied casualness did not deceive his cousin. “He was much with us this summer and Georgiana quite came out of her shell. She remarked, when he left us, that it was almost like saying farewell to
“Sir! Read this! Read it at once – it arrived by express from Hunsford, and the courier waits below to take our answer by return.”
“Yes.” Charlotte was looking anywhere but at her. “Mr Collins has made me an offer of marriage, and I have accepted him.”
as much moment as the year the mill burned down, or the time wild pigs overset the Gouldings’ cider press.”
Jonathan managed to sound bored. “What then?”
Gratefully, she buried her face in the soft fabric of her dress. At least that way she could not betray anyone by her expression.
“Did you leave your lady well?”
“Revenge? Against the King? How? When I have
“That will be a most signal advantage to her,” Elizabeth said cautiously.
Colonel Fitzwilliam began an assenting gesture, but halted it.
The small, blinking, dough-faced priest laid his hand on her arm. “Come with us my child. You are in need of refreshment: as much for the body as for the spirit.”
. It should not happen.”
They had completed a half-circle of the fort’s upper defences before Colonel Fitzwilliam spoke again.
It was a good story and Elizabeth told it well; both Charlotte and Miss Hooper laughed out loud, several times. There was no reason to mention that Mr Wickham had been foremost among the aspirants to Mary King’s favours, and received a more than generous proportion of her attention in response. That was a private hurt: perhaps to be shared with Jane (though better not; it would be too reminiscent of her own woes) or with Aunt Gardiner, but with no-one else.
“Ma’am. You’ve got a young lady staying with you.”
“Perhaps you know the Bingleys?”
“Right, then. Back to the villa.”
Or, alternatively, you can make pious noises to Maynooth to the effect that you are persuaded that the only reason you can think of why I would not have surrendered to my brother’s proclamation is that I must be dead, so that you are – following, I might remark, the example of the
“Lady Agnes, I did not give up that evening for any other reason but this. When I left the salon I happened by chance to encounter an old woman, clad in black. I had never seen her before, though I believe she must have been staying in the house. Her dress was neat and precise enough, but it was not what someone would wear to go out. She looked at me and said, ‘Child, Lady Elaine was like my own daughter to me. What would your mother think, could she see you now?’ It brought me to my senses.
It was done. Harriet was giddy with relief.
“You mean Lizzie.” He hoped his look of relief was not perceptible to his sister.
to marry her then,” Lydia persisted. “And then she’d be mistress of that big estate he has in the north parts. Think what jewels and pin money she’d have then.”
“I’m sorry –” The words felt inadequate, pitiable even, on his tongue.
“Indeed, my dear. The regiment will be moved from Meryton, most certainly. The King, or one of his close advisors, will wish to bring them close under the Royal eye, to test the regiment’s loyalty, and see if the Duke’s sedition has spread to his officers. It may end with the regiment being broken up. No, don’t be afraid, my dear. It may work to Mr Wickham’s advantage in the long run, since doubtless he will be able to demonstrate to any questioner where his true loyalties lie, and preferment may well come of that.”
Clarence rose, ostentatiously folding the rug he had begun to drape over his knees of an evening. He picked up his book and his spectacles.
“So now it comes, does it, boy? You’ve softened me up, now you wish to break me? Doubtless your couriers are already on the way to Gondal Town, bearing your demands for ransom. Is that your game, hey?”
, found its way via an argosy of Ragusa into the port of Elbe, and, further, into the hands of an old soldier who spoke the tongue of Gaaldine like a native and of a willowy clerk who spoke it like nothing Charlotte had ever heard on God’s green earth?
An expression of distress crossed those doughy features. “My child; forgive me. I did not see you there.”
“Anyway, some months ago, spies out of the Debatable Lands brought word that riding families long estranged had shorted their differences, and hatched a plan for a major raid come Pentecost. Early reports the raiders looked towards Gaaldine proved a feint. The raiders doubled back into Lestrade lands, burning and pillaging as they went. So out came his lordship from Castle Lestrade with what few men he could summon at short notice.”
“No. It is not a part of town I care to frequent.”
merely for the sake of his Moorish mistress Lord Lestrade crossed the Straits of Otranto in the off-season. What a pity; it made such a good story the other way. Miss Donovan is truly lovely. But your account tallies better with what I have seen of the
“Mr. Darcy, I am a very selfish creature; and, for the sake of giving relief to my own feelings, care not how much I may be wounding yours. I can no longer help thanking you for your unexampled kindness to my poor sister. Ever since I have known it, I have been most anxious to acknowledge to you how gratefully I feel it. Were it known to the rest of my family, I should not have merely my own gratitude to express.”
Frances brushed her hand down her face. The gesture opened the sluice gates; she could talk at last.
“That may be so. But it would not, my lord, pay a garrison, let alone an army. Nor would all the valuables you and I have managed to bear away with us. To say nothing of the point that attempting to liquidate my possessions – my
“I trust she played better chess than harpsichord,” Harriet murmured, despite herself. For one fleeting moment Clarence’s lips twitched and she saw again the man she had married. Then the shutters came down again.
“Do I have to go? Let me stay. Please. Let me stay.”
Much later, “I must have been fucking bewitched” Trooper Musgrave swore aloud.
The footmen responded instantly, but with a palpable air of discombobulation. Elizabeth suspected neither Lady Catherine nor her domestic staff had expected the visitors to be invited to sit in Miss Hooper’s presence. Furthermore, when the majestic silver coffee urn was wheeled in, surrounded by filigree baskets full of loukum and candied fruits, little pastries and spiced, stuffed dates, Miss Hooper smiled at the servants and told them they need not stay.
“My lady!”
Those bonds were dragons’ teeth in the hands of the men to whom she had vouchsafed them. Once dropped into fertile soil, legions would spring up.
Mrs Gardiner shook her head. She rose to her feet, opened the main door to the landing, and then, similarly, opened the servants’ entrance which was concealed behind a screen in one corner. Only once these precautions were complete did she resume.
They had worked long enough together to overlook an occasional familiarity. Nevertheless, Colonel Fitzwilliam’s voice had an edge to it.
“Like that? And what then?”
She flushed. “I have not seen it myself. I heard it described so, long ago.”
Miss Vittoria’s lips were set in a hard line. “Unwise, that. Too high above my sphere, of course, ladies’ companions, though sometimes in her Grace’s day one might contrive to send a hint. But Mrs Younge was a connexion of the Fitzwilliams through the Earl’s wife and
No. All was well – or would be, after his breakfast. Beer, bread and cold bacon did much to calm affrighted nerves, or so McAllister, Papa’s sergeant-at-arms (who had been at Vannstown, and therefore Knew) always asserted.
In the instant it took to turn to face the new arrival and greet her formally, Charlotte realised two things with absolute clarity. First, Mrs Long loathed the Duplessis family with the kind of unreasoning, deep-rooted hatred Charlotte herself felt for spiders. Secondly, both Lizzie and Jane were aware of her loathing and in their different ways it bothered them profoundly. Jane’s expression was one of blind, bewildered unhappiness, like a dog whipped after its fault, incapable of linking cause and effect. Lizzie, by contrast, gritted her teeth in a smile which was more like a grimace.
Julian recalled Princess Charis, aged eight or so, accompanying the King her father on a hunting party at Malham Castle: a small, doll-like figure in a velvet three-cornered hat and a minature riding habit, sitting self-contained on a long-lashed grey pony with a plaited mane and the most perfect dapples.
“The very thing! Perhaps we may reach Paulson’s Hill; the view from there is justly celebrated.” Charlotte turned to her husband. “My dear, you know so much about the district, will you be able to accompany us?”
The stranger paused for a moment, considering him. Under the cool scrutiny of those peculiar eyes, Julian felt suddenly young and unfinished, like a boy who had burst into a formal dinner at the castle, still with the muck of the midden on his boots.
“Twice?”
Harriet looked at her. Then she looked round, to ensure they remained unheard.
His malice and fury were towering presences of their own: great invisible ogres dominating the room. The fair man’s voice trembled, as well it might, but he held himself upright and did not take a backwards step.
“And don’t go telling me you believe Georgiana is in the hands of the real Julian d’Ancona. First, walls have ears and, second, that would make him a traitor in open rebellion, a traitor from a line of traitors, and all the more reason to be put down.”
His voice came out absurdly high and squeaky.
Her forefinger went down to rest on top of her thumb.
“But think, man. To what do you propose to stand loyal? To a symbol, to a Gondal in the grip of a madman who will requite not one iota of the loyalty any one of his subjects gives him? If so, it will be in your family’s
Mr Darcy appeared, visibly, to collect his shattered self.
He halted a polite two swords-lengths away from the lady in the chair, bowed low, settled into an easy parade rest and prayed to all the saints neither she nor the bravo could
"Sir, by the oath of my calling and by the dedicated blood of my heart, I shall not disparage those set in –”
Why Georgiana had chosen to travel south in this gaudy, lumbering and antiquated equipage, Darcy could only speculate. However, on one point he was certain. Her choice had done the family inestimable service. This ludicrous contraption had rolled its last league.
Ambushers rose up like a wave and overwhelmed the trapped convoy. Bewildered, bedeviled, the Bishop’s guard put up little better than token resistence. Sooner than Julian could have dared hope, all active fighting ceased, leaving only the moans of men and horses to pollute the silence of the night.
losses, brother? Yes: in one night’s gaming I lost heavily to Lady Abruzzi.
Elizabeth nodded, her heart to full to speak. Seated in the place of honour, in the forward-facing seat of the carriage, Miss Hooper produced a silver bottle from her reticule, dropped some liquid from it onto a fine lawn handkerchief and dabbed her temples. Elizabeth’s nostrils caught the sharp scent of peppermint oil.
would be talking about it.”
Darcy’s mind raced. “A man would have to be most truly obtuse to deserve such a rebuke in the first place. To ignore it – unthinkable.”
“It’s not as simple as that,” Charis said with assurance. “Papa always said that Mr Darcy – that is, this Mr Darcy’s father – was the least interested in Court intrigue of any man he knew. That’s why he always loved going to Pemberley. He said it refreshed him more than any other place on earth. I have known his children since forever. Georgiana was to have accompanied me to Gaaldine, but for some reason Papa forbade it at the last moment. He wouldn’t say why. He was very angry, though. He tried to pretend he wasn’t, but I could tell.”
he threw up his hands in horror and spent the whole next course imploring her to change it, rather than refer even obliquely to a pagan goddess. I do not know whether he would have taken it any better had I enlightened him that it was, in point of fact, an allusion to the French King’s mistress, but my father chanced to tread on my foot so I lost the opportunity.”
Elizabeth gulped.
One of these days, when Clarence uttered his time-smoothed plea,“Why does no-one ever allow me the use of my house and my library in peace?” he would get what he wished for.
“It is a circumstance which Darcy could not wish to be generally known, because if it were to get round to the lady’s family, it would be an unpleasant thing.”
“It seemed unlikely, I agree. Especially given all that has been afoot. But people change, over time – Harriet, before we talk about my nieces, can I ask you one question and can you answer it in perfect frankness, as if we were girls once more?”
“I can spare one additional man to stay with the sergeant. Briefly. Both of them are to take no more than half a day in pursuing enquiries as to our deserters in the district. It may be they have sought to sign as mercenaries. That may be a line of enquiry. They may press into service such additional resource as the district affords. If they cannot recapture our deserters within the time allowed, they are to intercept us on our passage south as quickly as they may contrive. We shall have Miss Darcy and her companion with us, in their carriage, so they have a chance to catch up, but they must not waste it. Understood?”
“So: this man who arrived over the passes in the night with a story about being told to find
Toiling up the steep slopes of Belmont took it out of one: it always had, even when she’d been younger than Lizzie and at least as much in the habit of exercise.
She gritted her teeth. “I loved my husband. Dearly. Nevertheless, I accept I married full young. I learned wisdom afterwards.”
“Have you still heard nothing from the War Office, sir?”
“The last in the male line of the dukes of Malham. So if you are not his grace, then you are no-one. And you will be no-one, snuffed out like your father and brother before you, if you don’t move. Now.”
On this being accomplished, Molly gestured gracefully.
The stranger grasped his shoulder with a brusque hand. “
On arrival at Gondal Town Darcy paused at his home only long enough to wash and change into his most formal clothing. Nonetheless, he did not make for the Palace, though he had little doubt that the King was already apprised of his presence in the capital. Instead he turned his horse towards the Earl of Ula’s townhouse.
Charlotte could not quite conceal a smile. “In any event, as we walked home across the park I ventured to observe to William the curious circumstance that I and Miss Hooper must have been neighbours, years ago, when we were both children. But he seemed so offended at the very thought – certain that I must be mistaken, that I must have confused some other Miss Hooper with Lady Catherine’s royal ward, persuaded that breathing any hint of my surmise in the hearing of his patron would be the ruin of us both – that I have not mentioned it since and William, I am sure, has forgotten all about it. But Lady Catherine has always made it clear I should not expect to be honoured with an introduction to her niece, when she visits her guardian. This invitation must have come from Miss Hooper herself and why would she have cause to know anything of either of us if she were
Last night, though, it had been neither bells nor silence which had kept him wakeful, but gnawing dread. The courier from Gondal Town, weekly bearer of at least two and, more often, four pages of fatherly advice and admonitions, had failed to arrive. Nothing from Crispian, either, and that was even worse, since Crispian’s last had been so short as to be almost evasive. One of the hardest things to come to terms with on arriving at Zalona (apart, of course, from the pestilential bells) had been realising that it was far from common for the younger sons of great estates to be on the closest and best of terms with the heir apparent. For himself Julian could no more resent Crispian’s place in the sun as he could the sun’s own place in the heavens. It had been so for as long as he could remember. Indeed, the very thought of doing Crispian’s job assisting Papa to manage the estates, let alone Papa’s job if, when –
Nothing in Aunt Gardiner’s words or tone could raise the slightest question about her sympathy for the policy. Her face, though – Elizabeth shuddered once more. This time she could not avoid her aunt’s sharp eyes.
“You have, I believe, got to the heart of the matter. I do not know who this man – let us call him ‘X’ – may be and I do not wish to prejudice your own views of the matter by describing how I have reached the same conclusion. But I believe at least two, if not all three young ladies may have been the target of X, that he uses gallantry rather than any other weapon and that at least one person in Gondal shares my suspicions of X and, moreover, is in
James of Gondal struck straight to the point.
“I hope, Miss Elizabeth, that the strength of feeling I have detailed: a strength of feeling which has overcome such earnest striving for so many weeks and months on my part to conquer it, will induce you to take pity on me, and say those words which must make me the happiest of men.”
A full glass was at her right hand, though she had not seen the servitor. The chill, delicate white wine came as a relief, more so because she might bury her face in the glass, to defer giving a response.
solider. What’s more, you can rest assured, my dear, that neither his interests nor his interest would incline him towards Frances’ bed.”
With a kind of dull hilarity it occurred to him that tonight would be Viscount Exina’s birthday feast and Viscount Exina was rumoured to have engaged two or three French cooks at least, to ensure the victuals met his exacting standards. That was where he should have been, not sipping a meagre soup from a battered pewter mug. He
was what finally tore the heart out of him.
Lady Catherine with the barest motion of a finger acknowledged the gesture. After sitting for a moment in silence, she said very stiffly to Lizzie,
Hot blood mounted to her cheeks, but her voice came out commendably steady.
striving to catch her out but to tease out a better understanding of the situation for both of them. Odd, how almost the same words could convey so different a sense of the mind behind them. On that realisation, she had it.
When he spoke, it was in a voice of enforced calmness.
She exhaled. “But – as it transpired - I did not have need. Your point is moot.”
“So. This
Darcy gave a short, chopped nod. “So walk warily.”
For a second, Giulio let resentment swirl up into his mind. Why had Miss Hooper allowed that grizzled veteran an audience? More to the point, what had they discussed, in that long convocation from which he had been excluded? What of it dare he mention in the current discussion – and, assuming there could have been other eyes at the villa (one could never rule that out; he had wondered even about Jeanette, from time to time) what dare he leave out?
the younger son of an Earl, and the other a great landowner from the north parts of Gondal.”
“No more you can, my dear.” Mrs Annesley patted her on the shoulder. “And besides, I doubt there’s thirty men on the place, and two-thirds of them beardless boys or doddering granddads. But there must be something we can do. Mrs Reynolds, have you any thoughts?”
She could not help herself. “Somewhat, thank you. Solitude and quiet have proved sovereign remedies against my headache.”
This, at least, King’s Regulations provided for.
She raised her eyes to meet the level gaze of their hostess, who gave a tiny, acknowledging nod.
Candour seemed the only viable option.
Nor did the King’s belated decision to make the inaugural State Ball of his reign a costume piece in the style of forty years earlier pass without comment in Society. One sharp-tongued old dowager observed that the dress of the day had been unflattering enough when she and her cohort were maidens in the prime of their dancing days and she trusted no onlooker would be shocked into swooning by the sight of her naked, ancient shoulders.
“The Abruzzis were never, that I heard, a wealthy couple. And now Lady Abruzzi is a widow.”
She went, for a moment, very still. “Are you accusing Miss Elizabeth Duplessis of being herself a spy?”
How absurd! He was the Earl of Ula, uncle to the King and now, following the fall of the Duke of Malham, the richest nobleman in Gondal (how oddly shaken he had been the other day by that observation his quiet little niece had made, though. If it had not been for Georgiana’s business and Molly’s inconceivable generosity in the matter, to her own impoverishment, it would have felt odd, very odd indeed to acknowledge mousy little Molly as the financial powerhouse of the family. Dear God, if his sister had been in the room, she’d have had apoplexy on the spot!)
spotted her quality, first of all the family but me. Oh, Aunt Catherine told us all about your youthful passion, and how cruelly your father and the Earl pronounced it must not be. I was travelling myself, of course, and no hint of the news was permitted to reach me, or there might have been a different outcome.”
“You are bid to the Palace, my lord. No, sir, as you are. No time is to be lost.”
“Preposterous!” In this, at least, the guard commander could achieve sincerity. “What assurance do we have that he will honour his word?”
Among the small caiques and fishing smacks moored alongside the quayside one great three-masted vessel towered above them all, like a goose in a poultry yard of bantams, cedar-dark, heavy with carving, the rising sun glinting off the gold paint on prow and stern.
“What choice has James Moriarty left me? He killed my father. He killed my brother. He bestowed my ancestral estates on his own half-sister. By your own account – and this I did
Mentions of family reminded her of another task still to do. She had thrust the still-unsent letter to Uncle John into her reticule before they had left Longbourn for church that morning.
Captain Lennox raised his eyebrows. “We have enough in there to justify a guard?”
“Better than I could have hoped. We cannot afford to furnish you with an army, indeed. But we can give you some gold, and, more valuable by far, trusted contacts among the men and the women whom the Pretender has also expropriated. Never overlook the women, they can be most especially vicious in warfare of this kind. I learnt that in Alwentdale. With that help, you can cut supply lines, gather allies, organise ambushes, make your estates a hell on earth for whomever the Pretender awards them to. Your family motto is
On that score I can trade like for like. Reasonably enough, Georgiana presumes her dowry was George Wickham’s object, with revenge on me as a secondary motive.
She smiled, and hoped it did not look like relief. “My aunt Gardiner – really, she is my mother’s cousin, but bears the title ‘aunt’ as a courtesy – sends welcome intelligence as to the latest fashions in the capital, and even more welcome advice as to how the effects may be contrived if one does not have an army of seamstresses at one’s disposal. My father’s sister, Aunt Phillips, we see almost daily, so she does not need to write. Though I do not doubt the tenor of her messages, if she did.”
Surely the unknown gentleman could not but choose Jane; so good, so accomplished, so beautiful, so effortlessly a daughter of the old gentry of Gondal with all the natural advantages Harriet Duplessis, once Harriet Watson, daughter of a
He bit his lip, but seeing neither condemnation nor discouragement in Mr Darcy’s expression, went on. “I was knocked insensible very early in the fight, sir, but I have been able to ascertain from my men that your sister and her attendant lady, Mrs Annesley, were captured unharmed and, indeed, behaved most nobly in offering ransoms for all the troop.”
’. Small wonder he cannot bring himself to settle on just one.”
allegiance is to Gondal. I would see Charis enthroned in state, spend the rest of my life ensuring the peace and prosperity of her land, and find my final resting place beneath this land’s rocky moors.”
Charlotte’s eyes shone. “Are we far from the port itself? I have been told there is a market along the quayside, which opens as the sun goes down. They say there are fire eaters and sword dancers, acrobats and musicians: ship’s crews from Venice, Sicily and Constantinople and even from Egypt.”
of this.”
Julian cleared his throat.
And then a thirty league ride to this western coast, travelling fast and secretly towards the smuggler’s ship which was to take her to Rome, and leave her heart behind in Gondal.
A mere ten days later and it was her friend to whom Elizabeth was obliged to say goodbye.
His lips curled.
His uncle had, indeed, been a general. Faced with so comprehensive an overset of his previous thoughts he regrouped. By the time the three of them had finished strategising, the best part of a turn later, he thought they came on well.
“I have indeed,” Darcy said grimly. His cousin must surely mean to allude to his father’s partiality for George Wickham and how that had turned out, which he would know from Aunt Catherine. He could only pray that the King was unaware of his own current preoccupation with the man and his whereabouts. But for the King to speak so personally and – insofar as one could ever be sure of that – with such genuine exasperation bespoke something new.
No need to worry about that, now. Netherfield was let at last, and to a gentleman of good fortune. It only needed her to stir Clarence, whom disappointment had rendered indolent as well as cynical, to call upon this Mr Bingley and soon all their troubles would be over.
The sandy-haired sawbones shrugged.
The broad sweep of the main staircase lay before her. She plucked at Mycroft’s sleeve.
Fool that she had been! Miss Hooper was the richest heiress in Gondal and the match with Mr Darcy the favoured project of their cousin, the King. What competing ties of affection would not fray under the edge of that blade?
“And what, ma’am, do you suggest that I change the blasted subject
“Well? What do you make of that?”
Frances shook her head.
His smirk redoubled her anger.
the exertion would not do her good?
“You keep yourself well informed.”
“You think so? For my own part, I believe it is a link – perhaps the last link – in the chain which drags us to war.”
“True, sir, but it was the nearest place from which an honour guard of adequate size could be mustered.”
Fate. Destiny.
In his own chamber a basin and an ewer of steaming water offered him welcome. Laid out on the bed were fresh linen and a frock coat and breeches in damascened black velvet in the latest Court style. He mentally saluted the Gaaldinian prince and his envoy who had brought them. They fitted to a nicety. Wearing them, Julian felt more himself than he had for weeks, armoured against the tense interview ahead.
“Before he left, my brother warned me this might happen. They will want to take me to the King. Once there, I will be a hostage against my brother. And there is nothing I can do to stop it.”
The new voice made him spin on his heels. Molly emerged from behind the the screen concealing the servants’ entrance, wearing the elaborate day-dress that the first lady of Gondal should wear for a morning audience with the head of her family.
Mrs Reynolds’ back stiffened. “No call to give up before the fight’s begun.”
“I collect that the Duke of Malham was a friend of your family,” Mrs Annesley murmured.
“Lived?” The King’s attention sharpened. “You mean, she no longer does?”
“Even for the favourites of princes, such prize positions do not fall open often.” He frowned. “Though maybe vacancies will increase, should Moran’s way of creating them become the fashion.”
Charles Bingley had never found his friend to present so aweful an aspect as he did now, his elbow propped against the carved marble mantelpiece of his austere townhouse.
“Well,” said her aunt, “I can, now, agree with his housekeeper. Many may call him proud, but
“I’m afraid, Miss Duplessis, that it is a bloody story and a strange one, and you must understand all intelligence is partial and imperfect, so I cannot tell if what I have been told is truth or no.”
“I’m your last hope of salvation – in this world, at any rate. I can’t speak for the next.”
that the Crown Prince has left you with child? The King is angry enough with his brother as it is: the merest trifle more on the scales could provoke an explosion which might consume the three kingdoms.”
His back to the portrait, James Moriarty reclined in a comfortable low chair by the window, a scatter of papers across the even lower table besides him. He cut off Darcy’s ceremonious bow with a sharp, charming gesture.
Jane reared up amid the pillows, and Elizabeth cursed herself for giving false hope.
He scowled. “I propose to let Pemberley to Charles Bingley, not to his sister. I have every hope that Charles Bingley – if it has not occurred already – will shortly be affianced to a lady who, if she is not the first choice I would have as the mistress of Pemberley, is nevertheless the closest possible substitute.”
Lydia pouted. “Why did the All Souls Night Ball have to be cancelled?”
Even before the last catastrophe, he had known these three years his affairs were so entangled only a miracle would extricate him. Once, the accession of James Moriarty had seemed that miracle. The King had known it too, he realised.
: I had inferred as much. But in what way can I aid you with respect to him? I could have eased any doubts you might have been suffering as to the fact and manner of his passing, but Jonathan met me some days ago, and told me he had been beforehand with that news. What, then?”
had been the official justification for granting the privilege of private execution to the nobility and gentry. Darcy felt momentarily ashamed that the first time he truly feared the rule might have personal application was also the first time it had occurred to him that it prevented the world at large from knowing whether the condemned went to their deaths able to walk or not.
“As impossible as it might be to imagine his father turned traitor?”
“I cannot say,” Giulio observed, after a pause for thought.
They were a good three-quarters of the way down the pile when the panicked whinnying began. Then the shouting.
The old queasy regret stirred in her guts. Defying Clarence’s sardonic eye, she took a gulp of negus to quell it. How easily she could knock him from his affected perch, if only she chose. Suppose, after all these years, she told him about
“Yes.”
“Lyddie, dear. We need to be off. If we do not make haste, we risk missing all the fun. Three days from now, I understand, there are to be grand divisional games and fêtes at the camp where we are stationed; the widow of a former Colonel of one of the regiments is funding a grand event in her late husband’s memory.”
He finished his devotions, genuflected and turned.
“That the heavens have circled and stars long eclipsed rise once more?
“Why, I rather think he invited himself. He wrote me a little over a month ago. Here, you may read his letter.”
“Come with me, now, to the Bishop of Zalona. I am bound to him in any event, but my message touches on your affairs, or so I believe. And sanctuary cannot be refused, to those in need.”
Lady Agnes’ tongue flicked out and swept across her lips. “Lady Abruzzi, your grace. Both times.”
"Travelling alone? Lizzie, your reputation –”
She smiled. “I’m sure she would. But I have trespassed too far on Lady Catherine’s good nature in that regard. I do not wish her to think either me or you encroaching.” She turned to the fishmonger. “It will not put you out of your way?”
marital subterfuge. I expect plain dealing from this day forth.”
For the first time in longer than she could remember, Elizabeth lifted her eyes to meet Mama’s and returned a direct answer to a direct question.
Her breath caught. So much bitterness. What had the Earl and Countess of Alwent done to him? Then her laggard brain caught up.
The moon rose over the shoulder of the fell at his back. It was not the yellow circle it would be later in the year, pregnant with harvest and promise. Now it shone red for Pentecost. Wisps of cloud scudded across its face, portents of stormy weather ahead.
A low whistle escaped Julian’s lips. “Darcy, do you have any idea where George Wickham is now?”
Such an opening could not but whet Elizabeth’s curiosity.
?” John cast off his blankets and stood in turn.
“I know you haven’t.”
If only that unlucky letter had come at any other time, so she could have concealed all knowledge of Lydia’s weakness from Mr Darcy. Though, at least she had this meagre comfort: he was the man of all men she could trust not to spread knowledge of her sister’s disgrace any further. But even if her sister’s marriage with Wickham had been concluded on perfectly honourable terms, the last thing Mr Darcy would dream of doing would be to accept Wickham, a man he justifiably despised, as a brother in law.
She had not meant to pry, but the maid took her comment for question.
“Forgive me, madam; my duties call me away.” Wickham must have caught the little bustle at the front door which signalled one or more of the other residents of Longbourn returning to disturb their
“His grace dived. Must have. I saw him surface, swimming. What I’ve heard, though, from two good men with their eyes and wits about them, was that Hebron
His eyes widened. “My cousin? I have heard no news of Miss Hooper for some –” He looked as if he were reckoning days in his head. ”When was your youngest daughter’s wedding day? The fifth – no, the sixth of August? I received news that day which took me urgently back to Pemberley. This is my return journey: I broke it at Netherfield in hopes I might find Charles here, but I have not been in Gondal Town for almost a month."
Miss Hooper shook her head; her fine eyebrows rose interrogatively.
looked like sincerity until it vanished into the woods.
see to that.”
The expression on Mrs Reynolds’ face silenced him instantly.
The lady addressed inclined her head languidly. “Not a stick in the place that doesn’t deserve to be burnt.”
In his military career Lieutenant Peter Brenzaida had never been sure of much, but
Mr Darcy’s tone was all gentleness and consideration; if anything, it made the horror of what she had just read even starker.
There had been more, no doubt, but that was the part which had lingered in memory.
Harriet had had every last detail of her campaign planned in her head. She had repeated them to Hill in the sanctuary of the still-room or over precious thimblefuls of imported Constanza wine in the housekeeper’s pantry, until the anticipated scenes became sharper than memory.
“Besides asking your cook to pack a hamper for the road?”
“Ransoms I shall indeed honour.”
Colonel Fitzwilliam’s face had that calculating expression again. “Rumour runs wild. I expect to hear more when we reach Gondal Town. What all the witnesses attest to, however, is that a man and a boy of about the right ages met on the bridge, had a few minutes conversation, and then both went over the parapet, and have not been seen since, either alive or dead.”
“The Prince had that confirmation from King Mycroft’s former confessor. Under torture. My informant felt very sure that the Prince had himself been present while the priest was put to the torment. That if he had not performed the deed, he had lent it his authority. And that his intent from the outset had been to extort the secrets of the confessional.”
She leant back in her chair and snapped her fingers. “Jonathan. Pray pour the wine.”
“I daresay that means the Northern hunting lodge.”
Jane made no answer: what answer could there be? Conscious of having hurt the dearest thing that existed in the whole world, equally conscious of having spoken no more than the truth, Elizabeth opened her arms and enfolded Jane in a hug.
Mr Collins positively glowed. “Indeed, my dear cousin. Invited to drink coffee at Rosings with the sister to the King himself. I can see how you must be overcome by the honour.” He turned to his wife. “Indeed, this is a compliment to you also, my dear. Lady Catherine has always had the nicest judgment of propriety. Many times, she tells me, she has declined to have a young lady introduced to her niece, because of some scruple as to the character of the young lady’s chaperone.”
Mr Darcy laughed out loud. “This ballad?” He hummed a bar or two. “Georgiana has been wild for it for weeks. Are all the maidens of Gondal determined on wedding bandits?”
Safety, indeed, appeared to be the watchword for her journey. Giulio rode on the box of the carriage and he and the coachman bore both pistols and daggers. Long guns rested along the coach roof. Her uncle, too, arrived accompanied by two well-armed servants.
“Born at Netherfield? Why did you never say anything of this?”
Molly was keyed up to the most intense pitch of nerves; it was, indeed, as well her aunt by marriage had decreed they wore ordinary dress for dinner, for she would surely have wrecked her State gown. Jeannette would have a hard enough job of it getting the sauce stain out of
Ignoring the hint, Molly whisked upstairs to change into her walking dress. Then, she dismissed her tiring maid. Having made sure no-one marked her movements, she took a swift route to the attics. Long ago, a lonely and overlooked little girl had made herself a private den in a far corner of those gloomy lumber-rooms. The trunk she had brought from Netherfield, deemed too shabby for the grand apartments below, served as seat and table and treasure chest, tucked behind a rampart of old-fashioned, broken furniture. The dust on the trunk’s lid showed that no-one had ventured up here in years, perhaps not since that little girl had grown up and set aside childish things.
“His Grace the King will, of course, take the view that, should you pay the ransom, you would give a war chest to someone who already is in occupation of a strategic position on our northern marches. Many in Council will take that to be a powerful argument. And so it is.”
A second morning of being alone with her friend revived her spirits. Charlotte, too, had a pinkness in her cheeks which warmed Elizabeth’s heart. Preoccupied with her own affairs, she had neglected her friend and hostess.
not leave. And, of course, Miss Bingley
. What, indeed had Gondal become?
The words were neutral; the tone came out accusatory. The officer, white-faced, nodded, and licked dry lips.
“You have suffered a grave wrong; I acknowledge that. But you cannot return evil for evil. What have you done with my sister?”
When his captors at last removed the blindfold his eyes dazzled and swam with water, as if he had looked into the noontide sun.
"There is a small town in north-east Gaaldine; it has a famous bridge –”
Elizabeth’s spirits lifted and she could see Charlotte’s do likewise. After the close confines of Hunsford and, for all its spacious grounds, Rosings itself, such freedom was intoxicating.
? He will have every village for ten miles around flattened and the crops burned. I cannot do that to our people.”
“King’s not paying us at all.”
After a pause, Colonel Fitzwilliam continued.
So absorbing was their conversation, that it seemed no time at all before they had walked quite out of Elizabeth’s knowledge. Even Charlotte was looking around with anxiety, relieved only when she caught sight of a church tower in the distance, plainly a landmark for which she had been searching.
he saw what had disturbed Darcy. "For her brother, as well as herself?’’
Frances shivered. At Oversbank his facility for hearing the unspoken would have seen fingers crossed and talismans touched against devilry. She summoned her courage enough to speak.
He cleared his throat. “Proceed.”
portion of his legacy his son will
“In these parts, ma’am, we have learnt to shift for ourselves. Lizzie! Come here. Hill, bring brandy, the strongest we have, and compresses. Light more candles. Many more candles. Mr – Bingley, is it not? Sir, you have a dislocated shoulder and every moment makes the resetting of it more awkward. Have command of yourself, sir, for the next moments will be unpleasant.”
Even so early in the evening hair pomade, candle-wax, scantly washed human flesh, expensive perfumes and whatever preparations everyone’s maids had deployed to protect stored finery from moths or mould made a roiling, nostril-assailing fug in the ballroom. As she and Mama passed arm in arm across the threshold Frances staggered beneath its assault.
Much has been written of the wonders of Gondal: its majestic ravines, barren moorlands, bonny brooks, brooding castles and owl-haunted country granges. It is not the purpose of this work to supplement those accounts. The travellers saw and marvelled and said all that was proper and when they were full to the brim of sights and memories they repaired to the small town of Lambton, which possessed, among its other charms, the merit of having been the place where Mrs Gardiner had spent the happiest years of her youth.
“Indeed. I recall it well. But it is terribly hot. I must open my parasol.”
: my sister’s hair. He complimented her manner of dressing it at dinner (and a very awkward business he made of it, almost as awkward as he made of carving the ham) but on her mentioning it was styled
“Since coming to Gaaldine I have met very few people who know more than a word or two of English. Save for our Legation, those have been sailors or traders. I have met none but you and the King at Court.”
“A great grey mansion with an ancient walnut tree overhanging the garden gate. Rumour has that it was
The Crown Prince’s expression lightened, as if a burden had been lifted.
Molly smiled, and handed her cousin a peach.
“Nursing, sir, is always considered to fall to the feminine sphere in
To her surprise, she saw nothing but respect in the Crown Prince’s expression.
For all their seeming solitude there must be bodyguards within reach. Battering her beloved’s head with a trowel would, doubtless, alarm them excessively. Elizabeth contented herself with a piercing glare. Ceremoniously, Mycroft extended his arm.
“So he’s an incompetent idiot, then.” The Surgeon-General seemed utterly unsurprised. “How do you think he would fare in a serious attack, with much at stake?”
Would he by any chance be a black-browed sneering bravo with a hell of a lip on him, bearing the scars of what must have been a nasty bout of smallpox, mainly on the left-hand side of his ugly face?”
This was only a pause in her journey; time to bate the horses and recruit her strength.
“They put you under some pressure to accept, I take it, ma’am?”
Then, in a voice so low Charlotte had to strain to hear it, Molly breathed, “I should not have allowed him to go.”
“Do you think I should have devoted my time to more courtly music? The polyphonic motets of Lassus, perhaps? I assure you, there are more similarities between the two than you might think.”
No, Elizabeth admonished herself with angry pride. Almost as if he would have liked to declare himself, had he had a competence of 600 thalers per annum and the legal connection such security would have allowed him to build up. Mr Darcy had rendered that impossible. As, of course, did her own lack of dowry. In this matter, there were faults on both sides.
“Well, I don’t think there’s any doubt who’s won the earrings. Lizzie, bend your head and I’ll put them in.”
Some time later, Colonel Fitzwilliam and his aide-de-camp, Captain Lennox strolled out onto the stone terrace outside the officers’ mess. The air struck fresh compared to the stuffiness of the the mess, but the tumult arising from the camp – previously muffled by the mess’s thick walls – was less welcome.
“Surely you forget? I am my cousin’s intended betrothed;
Dammit. Wickham was the brazen seducer of Clarence Duplessis’ youngest daughter. Admittedly, it was far from the hardest seduction he had brought off in his disreputable career but that was
What passed for conversation at the supper to which they eventually sat down continued this pattern. Charlotte spoke very little, except to press upon her guests some delicacy or other from the well-spread table. Her father and husband talked of public affairs, or rather, Mr Collins parroted his patron’s opinions and Sir William exclaimed, “How true! How penetrating! How profound!” at appropriate intervals. Maria, plainly still feeling the effects of travelling, ate little and said less. It was a relief when Charlotte showed them upstairs to the guest chamber and Elizabeth could finally close her eyes and shut out the multiple trivial annoyances of the day.
Georgiana claps her hands in delight. “What a capital notion. But how do they choose which plants stand for what?”
“It is indeed about language I wished to speak to you. I prefer you to speak English, for preference, or – at a pinch – French when you and my wife talk together. Could you oblige me in this?”
The door opened again. Through it came Horatio, bearing the Angrian wine as a wife previously thought barren might have carried her first-born, and a hulking serving man with a tray-load of the best snacks
Her stomach lurched. Dear God, how old had she been? And why, why, why hadn’t it been John to accompany their father that night?
The more they were forced into company, the more the warnings she had received weighed on Elizabeth’s mind. Every time Wickham addressed a conventional gallantry to her, she wondered if it was one he had used to Georgiana Darcy. When, with flattering deference to his host, he invited her father to opine upon the chances of peace or war with Gaaldine, she imagined crabbed reports in cipher travelling up to some spymaster in Gondal Town. Each enquiry as to how she had found her sojourn with her cousin Collins, she suspected a sally to elicit intelligence about the doings of Miss Hooper or of her formidable guardian.
After that, he had nothing at all he might report, save for spotting the Duplessis girl and her mother on the slopes of Belmont and that he dare not speak of for his own safety. Indeed, why would his paymaster be interested in them? People had many reasons for visiting the capital. Doubtless those reasons had nothing to do with the King. Doubtless. Doubtless.
“All the more reason why no-one will look for her there.”
Elizabeth ran forward to catch her sister in her arms. The storm of tears overwhelmed them both.
, set a little to the left and behind her, making it hard to discern her features.
He rose to his feet, checked sword and dagger in their respective scabbards and then pulled from the sack at his feet a hat with a fine white feather plume, and a cloak, with a high, wired collar, captured two weeks ago from a bewildered and indignant troupe of wandering players.
autumn. I cannot count on having my
“And the care he puts into it shines through,” Elizabeth agreed, grateful to have a compliment she could pay without any shade of equivocation.
The corporal nodded. “Yes, sir. Sometimes, the pluck and the lights weren’t as fresh as they might be. The deserters could easily have concealed
“But there would be no need for that in my case. I can get by tolerably in Gondalian, and my fluency in the language of Gaaldine improves daily.”
“Tell her – tell her I am most grateful.” Weariness threatened to overwhelm him; he blinked against tears. Without fuss, Mr Perry ran a damp cloth over his face, erasing the evidence of weakness.
The thought that even her own aunt thought them unworthy to mix with the aristocracy of Gondal stabbed like a knife. “And why should Jane not be an ornament to those circles as she is at home? My mother was a lady of the bedchamber to the Queen; my grandfather and uncle Royal physicians. Even now, my uncle is at the Court of Gaaldine, the Princess Charis’ most trusted companion.”
At Charles’ side, Darcy pulled his mare to a dead stop. Had he been riding Sultan, the manoeuvre might have turned into a full
She walked on in silence, until she was sure she was controlled enough to speak with a plausible veneer of dispassion.
“What rank awaits Miss Hooper’s intended husband, do you suppose? No mere barony, surely. To conquer Mr Darcy’s pride surely only a marquisate or a dukedom would suffice. But can we imagine Miss Hooper as a duchess, or even a marchioness?”
All the young ladies of Meryton drooped at the regiment’s removal. Despite the relief of Wickham’s departure, the sameness, narrowness of the district without the relief of external visitors struck Elizabeth forcibly, as it had never done before. In this bitter season she came to understand that Mama’s shrillness, her resort to ratafia in the afternoon and brandy from a tea-cup in the evenings, derived from a like sense of suffocation. Regrettably, this insight did not cause her to love either Mama or herself the better.
A little subdued, Lizzie sat back on her heels, allowing Harriet to struggle up into a sitting position, from which she could observe the man retreating (in truth, almost scuttling) down the hill. Behind her head, she heard a gate click shut: the gate besides the walnut tree. Horror slithered greasily along newly irritated nerves.
The snort emitted by the Crown Prince at that was so loud, Molly feared it could have been heard in the house.
The stuffed expression Darcy assumed in the face of such blatant flattery tempted Charles to giggle.
She drew herself up with all the dignity she possessed.
He smiled at Mr Perry. The more intimate parts of his care concluded, he asked if he might prevail upon Miss Duplessis for the infinite favour of a visit.
“No, Darcy – listen to me. Georgiana has had her own chaperone with her from the start. I have had no private speech with her, save in broad daylight with Mrs Annesley within sight of us. I’ve seen to their accommodation and posted my own old wet-nurse to wait on them. Nancy McAllister will brook no nonsense from anyone. I’ve seen her lay one of my men out with a rolling pin for persisting with a maid-servant past the point of the girl’s comfort.”
Once alone, she summoned up every last shred of her courage.
“Lady Abruzzi.” She looked into the sardonic eyes of the black-clad woman sitting opposite her across the table. “Thank you for offering me the opportunity to take my revenge.”
The letter, as it turned out, provoked sheer, downright fury.
for one respect your judgment.”
If, as it appeared, the King were hell-bent (and in the King’s case there could surely be no other destination) on announcing his cousin Mr Darcy’s formal betrothal to the King’s sister Miss Hooper at the State Ball that coming Tuesday, an honour desired by neither of the proposed parties, then the only solution was to ensure that by that date an irrevocable obstacle existed to the marriage of one or both of them. A marriage, the Crown Prince pronounced, with a casual wave of his hand, solemnised privately tomorrow between Mr Darcy and Miss Elizabeth Duplessis, his friend’s second-eldest niece, would solve the problem most admirably.
Despite that, Miss Hooper possessed very regular, very pretty features, and a great quantity of soft brown hair, united with great sweetness of manner. Taking those into consideration, along with her great connections, it must be a matter of wonder that she could be on the brink of her twenty-ninth year and still lack a husband. Perhaps the greatness of her connections scared all suitors away.
The change of subject did not have the effect Miss Hooper had no doubt hoped.
Wickham tapped the side of his nose. “Were it just the fortune, perhaps, though I never set store by any man’s protestations that they do not
His mouth dry, limbs weak and heavy as in nightmare, he hesitated, goggling at the small, white-clad figure sitting in an upright chair at the far end of the room. The only light came from a single thick candle mounted on a carved oak
“Yes?”
“Has your business in Town flourished?”
everything so dreadfully. And for Kitty, whom everyone else forgot about, meaning she needed a mother’s mindfulness all the more.
He must make sure to spread the rumour as far and fast as possible once he had enough details to ensure Miss Georgiana’s credit and that of the Darcy family would be sunk beyond hope. His smile widened as he realised how apt a weapon his garrulous and indiscreet new mother-in-law was to achieving that task. And if his suspicions that Elizabeth had come to cherish designs – however hopeless – in Mr Darcy’s direction were true, how much more complete his revenge.
On their departure, her mind’s eye followed those packets outwards, blood-red trails across the land.
If only he could convince himself.
Julian made his voice very gentle. “Come, sir. The dew is rising, and we have contributed not a little to the discomforts of what can have been no easy journey. Come with me. We can talk later.”
“You shan’t have it!” Jeanette spat.
Now it had happened at last, Georgiana found herself almost calm.
doubt of his identity.”
He came to a stop, but once again she was ahead of him.
“Sir, there are many down there who will have similar stories. There are many camp-followers down there who have found themselves almost incapable of going on and then have found Lady Abruzzi there at their elbows with hot soup, clean linens and hope. Kill me here if you must, sir, to stop my treasonous mouth, but I acknowledge she has a grievance and that, in essence, the soldiers are correct. They
His tone was cold, but his tic had subsided. Still, she dare not relax.
For a moment, Harriet seemed unable to take in what the butler was telling her. A carriage losing a wheel, right at the bottom of the lane? The new tenant of Netherfield, his sister, and a friend of great estate, stranded three miles from their objective and asking for the hospitality of Longbourn? Then her fogged mind cleared.
By gradual degrees they won free of the crowds and into the airy reaches of Belmont, the fashionable district which sprawled across the southern slopes of the hills which bounded Gondal Town. Without trouble, he found the garden gate he had heard described. The great walnut tree which overshadowed it must be two hundred years old or more. He gave the bell-pull three hard pulls, counted fifteen, and gave it three more. Silent, efficient servants admitted him, took his horse and his cloak, and led him to the study of the master of the house.
Harriet gestured meaningfully to Bingley, and then, he being unresponsive, to Jane. Her daughter, more familiar with the family signal-book than her betrothed, immediately rose to her feet and begged Bingley that they might take advantage of the cool of the day and stroll through the shrubbery towards the water-meadows before the picturesque early mists might have been burnt off by the sun.
“See, here, the three kingdoms. See how we are caught between the Emperor to our North, the Sultan to our East and South and, to the West, across a short expanse of sea, the Papal states and the Italian princedoms. How do you think we have avoided being swallowed up by one or the other of these Powers?”
Frances threw the casement wide and leaned extravagantly out. Behind her back, she could almost
The marriage of Lydia Duplessis to George Wickham passed off as well as Darcy had hoped it would: that is, the bride looked ecstatic and the groom looked present. Her uncle and aunt, the only others in attendance apart from the priest, seemed resigned rather than rejoiced at the match, which confirmed his initial impressions of their good sense. They were duty bound to provide a wedding breakfast for their niece and her new husband, and, while they had civilly extended an invitation to him, he had as civilly declined. He left them at the church door, and retreated to his town-house.
“No, I did not say that. But I am a little acquainted with her brother, Mr Darcy. We dined with his aunt when he came to Rosings with his cousin, Colonel Fitzwilliam, but before that I saw him at Meryton, my home town, when he was visiting his friend Mr Bingley. But he always spoke so warmly of his sister – tell me, please, no harm has come to her?”
Harriet took a restorative sip from the brandy-glass by her right hand, and turned her attention to the always delicate matter of her hair, in which, regrettably, the occasional grey strand had started to make an appearance. She was on the point of ringing for her maid when the unexpected appearance of Clarence in her dressing-room put paid to all thoughts of hairdressing.
, anyway.” Harriet came to a puffing halt at the corner of a lane, which snaked away behind the grand, faceless mansions which lined the road. “Now, is it this turning or the next?”
Giulio’s haste to obey caused him to trip on a rug; he saved himself from going flying but felt cold eyes boring into his back, nonetheless. He stammered out an apology, and opened the door.
Odd, how much he sounded like an ordinary connexion enquiring about family gossip. Molly tried to emulate his tone.
It was too dark to see if the Bishop rolled his eyes but the studied restraint in his voice spoke volumes.
However, such thoughts flew to the four winds the moment she was confronted with the man himself. Indeed, she found herself unexpectedly tongue-tied, and from a sidelong glance at Mr Darcy, spots of crimson high on otherwise pallid cheeks, she thought him in little better case.
The day dawned brighter. The smell of fresh-made coffee drifting up the stairs lured Elizabeth downstairs to the breakfast room. The warmth of Charlotte’s smile as she entered even surpassed the warmth of the freshly baked rolls, nestled in the folds of a linen napkin.
At seventeen she had been presented at Gaaldine’s Palace, possessing the face and figure of the goddess Diana and a wit capable of sparking a bonfire in a blizzard. Queen Ismenia of Gaaldine was whispered to be fading: her only son, the Crown Prince Rollo, a childless bachelor, prematurely old. The ultimate prize was on offer for someone sufficiently bold to step up and take it.
“Suggests either that he is
“You would benefit from the attentions of a physician.” The voice from above her head was so faint that, for the moment, she thought it a dream or perhaps a ghost. It seemed too much effort to open her eyes. If she were speaking to a ghost or a dream, the discourtesy might, perhaps, be overlooked.
The master of Pemberley did not seem to take it as such. He smiled. “Look at it from my point of view. My sister is captive in the hands of this man. Would I rather trust to a bandit pretending to a connection with one of the great families of Gondal or to someone who has known her from her earliest years? But did he vouchsafe to you anything of his intentions with regard to my sister?”
“Some twenty-five years ago my Aunt Elaine died at Netherfield Park. She died Lady Elaine Hooper, but had she lived, had she not made her scandalous second marriage, she would now be the Princess Dowager, first-ranked lady in Gondal, at least until the King chooses to wed.”
The guard commander nodded. “The men won’t talk, sir. In any case, the letter passed through only two pairs of hands before reaching yours. William, who found it, he’s a good lad but book-learning isn’t his strong point. I doubt he could have read it, even had he dared. And Brenzaida?”
cousin chance to pass by on his travels?”
“What’s in there for me to be surprised about?”
The intense smells of late summer were thick in his nostrils: spoilt fruit from beneath the orchard bough, sun-warmed hay, the reek of the stable dung-heap. He swallowed hard.
“The Lieutenant will remain here, under my housekeeper’s care. He needs to recover and, in any event, if others of his troop appear, whether by escape or release, he is the only man who can confirm that they are indeed his men, and not returning deserters or impostors.”
Her own age. It shocked her to think that Colonel Fitzwilliam might think of her as a mere girl, though of course Mama always said that men were allowed to grow up more slowly than women, so it was safer always to think of oneself as the elder, when dealing with a male contemporary.
He swallowed, hard.
How old was Mr Darcy: twenty-five? Twenty-six? Born into a great family within a country on the cusp of civil war or into the juddering aftermath of civil war narrowly averted. Harriet understood what he was trying to tell her, and no-one else was saying anything. Clearly it was up to her.
“Not all of it, not yet. More presently,” Darcy instructed.
“All that, of course, is true. And we cannot, I regret, at this present moment purchase an army on your behalf. But the Pretender’s principal motive in impeaching your father is likely to have been to secure his estates as a reward for one of his loyal supporters. Now comes the hour when that person must realise what a poisoned chalice they have been given. They say the people of your family lands are dour, silent to a fault, close-handed and unforgiving.”
“Maria, please could you send this letter on my behalf to Longbourn? My husband may be looking for his second-eldest daughter so I wish him to know that Lizzie and I have departed on a pilgrimage to a certain shrine to the Virgin, not far from Gondal Town, to pray for a safe outcome for my unhappy youngest. Should there be any answering letter, not that I think it likely, I have directed it to go to Federico (don’t tell me you have forgotten
? Lord Glenelden? But I heard
He blinked, incredulous.
The relief of having an older, more experienced friend to guide her was dizzying. Frances went wherever Lady Anthea led her, not questioning their direction.
"Malham –
“Harriet–!” John’s despairing cry was abruptly bitten off. Probably, despite their hallowed surroundings, the Crown Prince had kicked him.
His words were soothing but Charlotte’s nerves tingled. There was something she was not being told. She had spent too long being fed pap, for stomach and mind both.
“As often as I can. But you know married women have never much time for writing. My sisters may write to me. They will have nothing else to do.”
, Frances cleared her throat. “Isn’t that also the most likely time when someone might think of a relative about to be cut off in hostile territory?”
Although, on the road, her discussions with Uncle Gardiner had led Elizabeth to feel less gloomy about Lydia’s prospects, once confronted with the reality of home all her fears flooded back in fourfold strength. How could Wickham have any fear that her father would take drastic action to defend his daughter’s honour, once having seen him in his own home circle?
All because that odious Mr Darcy had connections to the King. Well. He was not the only one with Royal connections. Since her talk with Wickham, Elizabeth had been thinking long and hard about her Uncle John. Her memories were old but vivid. He had been the one reassuring constant in the stormy turmoil of her childhood. Now he, too, was in exile.
“Excuse me,” she breathed. “I must go upstairs. My head – my head is pounding.”
That fragment of rococo gilt could, indeed, only have come from the Darcy state coach. It had been trodden deep into the mud by the side of the road but Darcy could see from the splintered edge where someone had taken an axe to it. He lifted his voice.
He leant forward, and took both of her hands between his.
“Thank you, my dear, but I dare not stray so far from home. Lady Catherine de Bourgh may not wish to receive us socially during her niece’s visit, but this does not detract from my duties. If she needs me to explain a point from her library, or to extract portions of some of the more esoteric books into a form which may be palatable to their ladyships, I need to be on hand to resolve those concerns.”
Through the miasma Lady Anthea signalled imperiously with her fan. Mama dropped Frances’ arm and headed in her direction. Bereft of support, Frances allowed the Crown Prince to guide her to the corner arbour, which had been contrived from evergreen shrubs brought indoors, profligately illuminated with beeswax candles. Their glow was reflected in tiny fountains in the arbour’s heart. Above their heads the casements, blissfully open, spilled cool, pine-scented air into the arbour’s centre. She breathed in, and wished her head could feel as clear as the air.
Lady Agnes gulped.
He surprised Harriet, though, as he took his departure. Mr Bingley remained in the parlour and the girls, of course remained with him. Clarence had not emerged from his study, though the commotion of the gentlemen’s arrival must have penetrated even to that fastness. Accordingly, the ceremony of leave-taking fell to her. While they were briefly alone in the hall, as the manservant went to order Mr Darcy’s horse brought round, he turned and said, “May I take any message to your cousins, the Gardiners? I do not know when I may get the opportunity to see them, since my engagements in town are not all within my own power, but I would be happy to let them know that you are in health, and to pass on any messages you may have?”
Given Miss Hooper must be within touching distance of thirty, Elizabeth
“Miss Elizabeth, I don’t think any of the households where I was able to place someone ever complained. I’m not one to boast, but I’ve an eye for seeing when someone will suit a position and a nose for honest workers.”
Harriet eyed him distrustfully. True, the discovery of Giulio’s treachery had taken the Crown Prince’s idiotic plan to marry Lizzie precipitately to Mr Darcy completely off the table. Proceeding would have been tantamount to marching up to the door of the Caitiff’s Tower and begging the gaolers to admit them straight to the torture chambers. Equally luckily, that revelation had come before she had broached the business to Lizzie, though she could not acquit herself of having raised a few false hopes. But surely Mr Darcy might at least have contrived some words of apology or regret, or non-specific future hope, not the absolute silence which had prevailed for almost a month, as if –
She kept her own voice very level.
“Perhaps we could walk the whole park?” Her uncle, absorbed in his contemplation of the rushing, peat-brown waters from the mid-point of a little wooden bridge, was unaware of the expression of horror on his wife’s face. The gardener, wiser perhaps than the gentleman, let out a low whistle.
was a Campbell. An unchancy family, that; always seeking to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds.”
Three years older, and with a soldier’s knowledge of the world, Colonel Fitzwilliam did not derive from this intelligence a perfect conviction that Georgiana saw Bingley as husband material. He contented himself by saying, “Charles Bingley’s fortune is new, but honestly got, by all accounts.”
His foot was in the lower one, and his stronger arm reaching for the wall’s coping stone when he heard the dog howl. He froze. The howl came again; faint, far-away and from the opposite direction. He breathed again and blessed his decision to veto Frances’ participation in this expedition.
Elizabeth heard Papa’s voice. Breathless, she nodded acknowledgement.
a mocking voice breathed in his ear. Ignoring his queasy conscience, he descended to the road where six of his men were standing, armed, around the largest of the coaches, the only one still standing.
the heir-presumptive to the throne of Gaaldine lecture him on what a Gondalian peasant needed to survive?
“How did you know my letter came from a niece?”
Mrs Long pursed her lips and admitted defeat. “Miss Duplessis, Miss Elizabeth Duplessis, Miss Lydia Duplessis and Miss Lucas. May I present Lieutenant George Wickham, of the Duke of Malham’s Own Regiment of Foot?”
Molly caught her breath. “And?”
Unable to help herself, she snorted. “Reputation? What reputation do any of the Duplessis girls have now?”
He scrabbled for the higher foothold, found it, shifted his weight, and pulled himself up and over the wall in one smooth movement. He landed on the balls of his feet and paused for a moment, letting his senses adjust to the changed atmosphere inside the wall.
With that, he was gone.
His sister made an airy gesture. “No-one expects men to have any taste when it comes to composing interiors. That is why, when one has the pleasure of seeing somewhere like this – so neat, so complete, so exquisite – surprise makes one’s pleasure all the greater.”
“Yes, very well.”
If he guessed wrong, then one of the greatest secrets of Gaaldine would go straight to the Pretender. But he’d seen the Queen of Gaaldine setting out with cold glee to entrap the sea wolves of Gondal who had despoiled her land and he’d seen what the Crown Prince had left of the fleet which had sailed into Alwentport, all guns firing and pennons at the masthead. What he’d seen on both their faces had been mirrored in Miss Hooper’s a few moments before.
The Surgeon-General eyed him. “Well, then we’d best hurry, hadn’t we? Give the salmon to your mess-mates, nonetheless, with my compliments. As I learnt at Vannstown, if the imminent fight is hopeless, at least it’s a comfort to meet it well-fed.”
Darcy gave a spare nod. “The Virgin be praised. I feared, when I received your message, that you might have distressing family news to convey.”
He frowned, though (Elizabeth thought) more in puzzlement than anger.
Bitterness rang in his voice. Elizabeth permitted herself an inward snarl. Who could wonder, given what he had suffered at the hands of a feckless, faithless cockscomb, who deserved to be taken out and
“Come with me,” Harriet said, leading the way briskly to the still-room.
Even the few moments when she was able to doze brought evil dreams and left her with a dry, sickly taste in her mouth. Still, insupportable as the journey was, they finally crawled in beneath Northgate Bar. The lawyer, showing none of the ordinary courtesy of a gentleman, was up and out of the coach like a startled rabbit, almost before the wheels had stopped moving.
Campbell?” she enquired diffidently, and knew in the instant she had crossed a line.
“This is so very shocking, I had not an idea of it. Are there any specific instances you can recount?”
Elizabeth turned her head, to catch an expression of such exquisite relief on Charlotte’s face that her initial disappointment was swallowed up in guilt.
The luxury of tears, though, had to be postponed for a little. She reached for her writing case, and began a letter, the words tumbling over themselves as if coming from a well uncapped within her.
"The parure –”
Pleasure rushed through her. Charlotte: the very person with whom to discuss her present dilemma. Jane would be all on the side of writing, from sympathy for the Princess, love for Uncle John and a settled belief that whatever people might hint about King James, he must at bottom have sufficient family feeling and goodness of heart to appreciate any attempt to cheer his kinswoman in her foreign exile. Elizabeth could open the matter fully to her friend and count on her good sense and judgement.
“Holy Virgin, and I thought the man only stiff-necked and arrogant to those beneath him.”
“Did my cousin not accompany you from Meryton?” she enquired.
“I daresay its master would be delighted to hear his vessel flattered so. But it is not a galleon but what they call an
Could that doll have grown into someone who could credibly topple James of Gondal from his throne? The Gaaldinian thought so, at any rate, and he had seen her most recently. He had arrived out of the mist, as the Prince had told him his counsellors in these ventures would: without name, without rank, without anything save for a rectangle of cloth, tightly stitched in whitework, by way of passport.
“Say they so? And yet, the two accomplishments that have brought the
“And that shorter list?”
He made his voice determinedly light.
Once inside the villa’s extensive gardens, Jonathan pulled Frances off the path into the shade of a cedar tree.
“From
“Conversing in secret tongues. You believe there may be a spy in our midst?”
“Leave that question aside for now. I have had these ear-bobs in my possession for weeks – ever since my agent found you had pawned them.”
“You are disposed to consider his interference officious?”
“Is it news any family would share? Not just Glenelden’s life but the Earl’s entire credit hung in the balance. From what I have been able to make out, letters were found in Glenelden’s chambers, suggesting a treasonous correspondence with Angria.”
With the memory of Mr Darcy her thoughts turned in a different direction, to Gondal Town and Jane, now staying with Uncle and Aunt Gardiner. A handful of days remained before they must meet again, and over that reunion, which two weeks ago Elizabeth had anticipated with such keen excitement, now hung the shadow of Mr Darcy’s proposal and, more, the contents of his letter describing the role he had played in destroying the happiness of Jane and his friend.
Middle finger down.
“Boy – can you even raise the ransom from your own resources? Or even half such a sum? A quarter of a million thaler: that is a fearsome amount. Georgiana’s dowry is only fifty thousand and the Pemberley estate is entailed. You can mortgage to the maximum, but you cannot sell. Can you raise the wind? Yes or no?”
"Lady Abruzzi. The men can endure hardships one could hardly credit, had one not seen them happening. They will suffer, and suffer and not merely go on, but stay cheerful doing so. Harsh treatment they can and will take until the Last Judgment, but partiality –”
When, some three years later, Wickham applied to him once more, the speculation having utterly failed and his circumstances being very bad indeed, Mr Darcy had had no scruple in refusing to assist him further. From that time the men had no contact at all.
“I, er, what?” said the unhappy prelate.
“Tell me what they are saying in the Court of Gaaldine about the Reaching Beck Bridge.”
The young man backed further into the cave’s shadows, uttering whimpers that would have shamed Julian’s best spaniel bitch (who had her now, back at Castle Malham, was she being cared for properly, did she still miss him and look for his return?)
The garden was shielded from the sun until the later part of the day. Before Elizabeth had walked two circuits round it, hot anger had solidified into cold resolve. She drew a deep breath. Running lightly across the dew-soaked grass she shortly attained the room she shared with Jane.
“I would know that he received seemly burial, and was not left for the carrion birds and beasts. And I would see his death requited. But first, tell me more exactly how he died. Everyone agrees you were there, though their accounts coincide on no other particular.”
His expression changed, becoming hidden and watchful.
“I don’t doubt it either. James Moriarty adores his neatly turned aphorisms. That one has his stamp all over it. Inaccurate, of course. We could hardly have got Moran into the herring barrel in only four pieces.”
She turned and without a backwards glance allowed him to help her into the carriage.
“Why?” The assurance with which she challenged him, here on his own ground, shocked her. Perhaps the world’s topsy-turviness accounted for her unwonted freedom.
Lady Agnes’ pallor increased. “Your grace, when her maid went to wake her the next morning, we found she had died in her sleep. It would seem – I believe save for her maid, your sister may have the last person she spoke to on this earth.”
His throat was parched from the privations of his journey. His tongue seemed swollen to thrice its normal size. Still with the same air of demented cheer, Sally picked up the Bohemian crystal jug (his own, most prized Bohemian crystal jug) and poured water into a chased goblet. He recognised the goblet, too. She held it to his lips, since his hands remained bound behind his back. He swallowed greedily, even as he squirmed at the indignity of it all.
“Within the next year or so, I plan to commission a memorial chapel at the Abbey of Norburyness. It will be for a young relative of mine cut off before he even touched his prime.”
“I lived in Gaaldine for a year and a half, some time ago. A magical experience. I think of it daily, especially of late. I grieve that, as nations, we are edging closer to catastrophe.”
Mr Darcy took the familiarity better than Harriet would have expected. He nodded, and departed. The Crown Prince set off at a rapid, scholarly scurry in the opposite direction. John cast a lingering glance over his shoulder at Harriet, then followed the Crown Prince. Harriet and Miss Hooper were left alone.
not leave while her brother was unavailable to act as her protector in this wild and lawless land. Or so, at least, she told us.”
“Yes, pray come in. Mrs Reynolds; I trust my escort have been suitably accommodated? They are, I should make clear, not mine to command, though I am tasked with making suggestions as to how they should be deployed, based on the best local knowledge. Ultimately they answer to the King.”
! I declare, I shan’t sleep a wink tonight.”
“It would seem indeed no-one has been idle and we are vastly in your debt.” He gestured at the vase. “Also, on a personal note, I greatly appreciated that touch.”
Each contained bonds made out to bearer, drawn on the great financial houses of Amsterdam, Venice and Vienna, all of whom had branches and correspondents in a quarter of the cities of the world, reaching even as far as fabled Batavia and the golden Americas.
“Traquair? But he’s pushing sixty if he’s a day, and Lady Agnes must be even younger than Georgiana.”
Satisfied all was under control, the Countess picked up her skirts and scurried in the direction of Lady Linton’s room.
“Your belongings
“Is that not the King’s charge? The common good, I mean?” As Elizabeth spoke, some of the things Papa had said to her in the library came back to her and she wished the words unuttered. Miss Hooper, though, put her head on one side, as if giving the matter all due consideration.
“Three days ago, I gave him permission to visit his married sister. She lives four miles past the South Gate, on the road to Charlescut Halt. I have taken Easter gifts there for her children. He remained until late: it was almost dark when he returned.”
“So it was the
“As you can imagine, I have been included in hunting parties on Malham lands since I was first able to shoulder a gun. The Northern lodge, though, is only for the serious hunters, those with experience and without fear. And they only visit at certain times of year. From the Northern lodge they hunt only wild boar. Wolves. Sometimes bear.”
Mrs Gardiner’s astute hint that Elizabeth was acquainted with Mr Darcy drew the housekeeper’s respect, and prompted confidences which left Elizabeth marvelling. For what praise could be more valuable than that of an intelligent servant? The housekeeper must have had every opportunity to see Mr Darcy at his worst and yet phrases such as “
By the red moon’s malignant light the winding panorama of the road below was laid out clearly as Papa’s map. From this height it was as if one could see in time as well as in distance: the trap unfolding as he watched, each part of its intricate workmanship rendered transparent. See, there, on the far side of the gorge where a party of coaches, shrunk to the size of beetles at this distance, were emerging from round another fold of the hills.
“Do not mistake me. Please. I do not think the – other party – has the smallest knowledge of my feelings. Or reciprocates them. Believing that makes my duty easier to perform. I refer to this only between the two of you; pray do not share it with
Darcy nodded. He had reached that conclusion two days ago; his uncle only confirmed his own thoughts.
“Sir, let us please acknowledge one thing, here and now. Whatever anyone says, whatever even his grace the
Once she had gone, he turned again to the vase of flowers. Two bunches of basil, separated by nightshade.
“But if we try to extract Georgiana by force of arms, we could end up spending more than a quarter of a million thaler in
“Do you know, my dear, I think the afternoon has turned out so fine that it might be pleasanter to have our tea in the little summer house? I don’t know about you, but it’s so peaceful now we have Pemberley to ourselves and I think we should indulge ourselves for once. I’ll pass word to Mrs Reynolds.”
As she entered the private parlour of the inn, its grandest apartment, her first sight was her aunt’s face. Mrs Gardiner was all-too obviously struggling with mixed emotions: surprise, pleasure and wild conjecture as to what this honour could mean. Then she was face to face with Mr Darcy and he was requesting her permission to make her known to his sister.
Despite himself, Darcy found his eyes drawn to the portrait, to meet the melancholy eyes of his Aunt Elaine, Molly’s mother as well as the King’s.
Attend me; I must see for myself.”
Holy Virgin, quarter of a century, that made you think. Joined as a drummer boy at twelve, trooper at seventeen, promoted three times to sergeant and each time busted back to private within the year. More wounds than he could shake a stick at, but none of them incapacitating, thank St Typasius, though that break in his thigh (a rogue horse kicked out and all-but got him in the family jewels) still ached when stormy weather was on the way. Still, at least it’d mended straight, courtesy of that sandy-haired bastard of a Surgeon-General setting it with his own hands as a pointed rebuke to the duty medical officer who’d been in the process of fucking it up beyond repair, despite Trooper Musgrave’s voluble remonstrances, when said Surgeon-General had swung through on a surprise inspection trailing half the barracks’ physicians in his wake. And the subsequent healing of that bugger of a leg had kept him confined to barracks during the whole of the Vannstown action, which by all accounts had been a pic-nic to which no-one in his right mind would have wanted an invitation. So silver lining there, too.
Abruptly, Lady Agnes dimpled, let out a giggle and for the first time looked her true age.
Miss Hooper looked at her for a moment. Then she linked her arm in Harriet’s.
? You interest me. But tell me, Giulio, what this man said and did? No, first, describe him. He may be one who has interfered in our affairs before.”
She swallowed.
Mr Darcy’s hand arrested him. “One moment. As you can see, I have taken steps to ensure we are alone. Nothing in our conversations need travel outside these four walls. But it is my sister’s life and good name at stake. I need you to know that what you may tell me here will not be shared with anyone, even the King, unless you give me leave. But please give me honesty, not diplomacy.”
So much she had to tell, and so much to conceal, and so little time for her to sort out in her own mind which was which, and to order her thoughts accordingly.
“Is it not paradoxical that we find ourselves having to devote far more effort to guard what is
“I shall be some time planning my sketch and nothing is more tedious for the observer. Pray feel free to take your time to explore. I am sure, having been in the confined neighbourhood of Hunsford for so long, you must have purchases to make. Pray do not let concerns of time affect you: with Giulio with us, we need not think of turning for home much before Vespers. I only advise you to avoid the narrowest lanes between these buildings, and do not suffer yourself to embark on any vessel, on whatever pretext.”
“On which dates?”
The casual
great
“My time is at your disposal, sir. As it will be when I reach the capital.”
The man across the desk shrugged. “It nears the end of the season, and the ladies need their thrills as much as the men. Doubtless a dozen similar gatherings took place in the mansions of Gondal Town last night. But I had not expected Miss Hooper to make one of such a party. Especially not at such a time.”
“Of course, sir, of course. Mr Perry, we will have a glass of my spiced cider waiting for you by the fire when you are done. Come, my dear, let us leave the men to their mysteries.”
choosing before too many months are over.”
have lightened her mood, but the blizzard of injunctions, recommendations and outright
Lydia looked at her, sourly. “No reason to sound so excited about it. Nothing ever happens in Meryton.”
“Stories differ. However, most agree that some days before the proclamation there seems to have been a meeting between the Crown Prince and the man in question – or boy, rather, since he can be no more than seventeen, or eighteen at the outside.”
“And failed, evidently. Something else will have to be done. This is beyond even my powers; I shall have to call upon an older and stronger authority.”
She waved off her aunt and uncle onto their walk, since she had been waiting for days to hear from her family, and craved leisure to enjoy Jane’s account of the doings at Longbourn. The first letter began with an account of trivial parties and engagements, but then came a break, a re-dating of the letter to the next day, and the hand in which Jane had written showed she wrote in haste.
He gritted his teeth.
confidence in your commanding officer?”
“You bitch. You thief. You bitch. You thieving fucking bitch.”
The whole plan unrolled, like a chess problem coming out. “He will gather all his close relatives together. We must be my brother’s hostages lest we become those of his rivals: Gaaldine’s, or some faction within Gondal itself. I wish I could warn Georgiana.”
They drew up before the villa and saw the housekeeper coming out to meet them, all smiles.
His pressure beneath the Bishop’s shoulders directed his steps towards the mule, away from the chaos behind. One of his most trusted men took the mule’s leading rein and swathed a (surely unnecessary) scarf around the Bishop’s eyes. Then he left them to it, mounted his own horse, and sped down diverse country tracks to ensure that, when the Bishop arrived, he would have a fitting welcome.
“But what am I to do? Good God, when Frances has been trying to observe some elusive bird I have seen her fade into the background so effectively that even I, her own mother, could not have told she was there a quarter turn later. Why, why, why, in the name of all that’s holy can she not apply that discretion to moving through society?”
“Mama! Mama!”
Time slowed yet further.
The commander gulped, then nodded. “That bears the impression of something left within the last day or so. Sir.”
She ended up praying for the Queen, Felicia, who was, surely, beyond reach of any aid a fellow sinner could offer her. The Royal vaults went back a long way: some part of them must lay beneath her feet now. Many years ago Harriet had walked into those vaults: a cold, raw dawn, flaring torches, the damp pervasive stench of mortality and the Queen, hair loose on her shoulders like a bride’s or a wanton’s, stalking cold behind the catafalque.
. Charlotte grimaced internally. Jane, of course, was incapable of dissimulation and a paragon of integrity. Charlotte had known her from birth, had watched for years for any crack in the façade, before concluding, reluctantly, that in Jane’s case appearance and self marched hand in hand. Lizzie, though, was quite a different proposition. She reached the same place as Jane through pride, not innate instinct. Since she would never do anything which might make Jane think the less of her the outcome was the same.
“What leads you to say that?” All traces of banter vanished from Colonel Fitzwilliam’s tone.
“It was not your sister of whom I was thinking.”
Darcy was famously reticent about private matters. Charles nodded, wordlessly. Then, feeling more was required, he extended his hand and gripped Darcy’s wrist.
“I hope you are well, Miss Duplessis. That lady, I suppose, is your mother.”
“Gave it to the priest,” Giulio mumbled. “I stopped at the church on my way home, to make confession, and I passed it over in the confession box. T’other way round when I went to collect the counterfeits. He gave me the money I needed to pay and the jewellers accepted it without question.”
“The Netherfield chestnuts remain fine, ma’am,” Elizabeth said. “They were putting on their spring growth when I left Meryton. But the current tenants did not come into residence until after All Souls’ Eve, and by then all the nuts had fallen. I do not know if anyone gathered them last year, or if they were left for the wild pigs.”
“I have, my lord, found it hard to sleep of late. But now my worries about my daughter are allayed, I find I could sleep the clock round. You, in turn, were delayed in Council until the early hours. No-one could accuse either of us of the sin of sloth, were we to catch up on our proper repose for an hour or five.”
That made sense, when one came to think about it, but she struggled to cope with the quick facility with which Jonathan understood brothel economics. What
“Lizzie asks if we have her permission to travel to a villa near Elbe, to enjoy a week of sea air with Miss Molly Hooper, the first lady of the land. Mrs Collins is to accompany them.”
No-one who had subjected him to the humiliation of capture would be forgiven. Nor those who had failed him and fled when the field was all but won, when it needed but one more push forward to victory. Nor the louse-ridden sons of whores who had burnt and despoiled his lands, entrapped him most despicably and borne him away to who-knew-where, his eyes covered.
King. Not
He lit his pipe, drew deep and blew a smoke ring. Out of the corner of her eye, Frances spotted two beribboned courtiers leaning in towards each other and tittering. She closed her eyes, in the hope it might compose her senses. When she opened them again the Crown Prince had his head on one side, his expression cool and assessing.
She could not think his exactness of memory a mere fluke. But now another miracle was occurring: shyly, and with many promptings from her brother. Miss Darcy was asking her aunt if they might have the honour of meeting their party for dinner during their stay in this part of Gondal. She permitted herself the smallest nod of acquiescence at her aunt’s sidelong, unspoken enquiry, and the day after next was fixed upon. To cap the day’s wonders, Mr Darcy made a particular request that her uncle join him and the gentlemen of the party on the morrow, since a fishing party was in contemplation, and he understood Mr Gardiner to be partial to the sport?
fortune an exertion quite beneath him.”
They found Miss Darcy in a parlour on the ground floor, accompanied by Miss Bingley and an older lady, introduced as Mrs Annesley, who acted as Miss Darcy’s companion and chaperone. The room’s north-facing aspect and windows opening to the ground made it delightful to sit in on a summer’s day, especially given the refreshing view of high, woody hills.
“The situation, then, is singular indeed. Might I know more of the young lady in question?”
This, however, was the first time she had met Mr Darcy’s cousin on his own.
Indeed, the opening part proved to be an involved and, to Elizabeth’s mind, self-serving account of how Mr Darcy had conspired with Caroline Bingley to separate Jane and Mr Bingley. Some of the key phrases she could not but read aloud to herself in a tone of angry contempt, garnished with fury.
“Explanations
The girls were a-twitter and Harriet, too, took heart. A glittering marriage for Jane would not merely mend the fortunes of her eldest girl, but provide a secure anchor for all the rest. No longer would she wake at two of the morning, that witching hour when the comforting warmth of the ratafia she was accustomed to by way of nightcap had ebbed, to spend the lonely blank hours till dawn listing all the ways she had failed her children, picturing them forlorn, bereft, abandoned, turned out onto the streets, all because of her blameworthy, inadequate, daughter-prolific womb.
She introduced the officers to Mrs Gardiner, and the ensuing conversation flowed with more animation and more real taste and wit than the drawing room had witnessed in many months. Even above his usual qualities, Wickham possessed one singular charm. Mrs Gardiner had spent the best part of her youth in the village of Lambton, not five miles distant from Pemberley. In talking over familiar scenes, describing the many recollected excellencies of the late Mr Darcy and reminding each other of local tales and gossip, they found much mutual enjoyment. The gentlemen stayed for dinner as a matter of course, and Wickham in particular formed an essential element of the numerous parties of pleasure Mama organised for her cousins during the next seven days.
Their uncle gasped again. "My dear Molly, you cannot impoverish yourself so. Stripping yourself of your dowry –”
“Whatever is afoot, it would, I think, be wise not to bruit it abroad. The letter spoke of Miss Hooper’s exhaustion, of her need for rest, seclusion and contemplation.” He frowned. “It is to be hoped she has not inherited her father’s constitution.”
“Not quite single-handed. Dismembering is a two-man job, after all.”
her?”
The stone gave back the day’s heat. The rising harvest moon bathed the old house and estate in a deceptively serene silver light. A falling star streaked down the sky, perhaps a portent of events to the south.
An offer of marriage from Mr. Darcy: incredible. More incredible: that he should have been in love with her for many months.
As they entered, Frances raised her voice in exasperation.
“His late Grace grew into kingship, everyone agrees. Further, it was greatly to his credit that he had, from the time he reached years of discretion, taken steps to distance himself from his father. But my father and my uncle, the Earl of Ula, always said it was a very near thing. Had Princess Felicia not announced her willingness to marry her cousin, had she sought an alliance with Gaaldine or Angria, as the Modernist Party urged, it might well have ended in civil war or, worse, in our annexation by Gaaldine.”
Her voice came out in a squeak.
Doubtless the deceased Duke had visited Pemberley, sat in this very apartment, eaten peaches, cherries and grapes at this very table. (At Mrs Annesley’s broad hints, Miss Darcy had remembered her duties as a hostess and the servants were now bearing in plates of fruit and cake.) One could not ask the question, of course; tactless in all seasons, it could be downright fatal in this. But surely there had been something wistful in Miss Darcy’s voice when she murmured, “Those hills border Malham lands”?
time we’ll put it down to wind in the thatch. But we’ve wasted too much of this goodwife’s day. Sincere thanks to you for the ale, ma’am. Once our commander gives us the word, we’ll leave you be.”
“I can offer you no proof.” This time he made no effort to whisper. “Furthermore, the sources of my information will doubtless confirm your suspicions that I am indeed – that you suspect. Let that be so. But it would be wrong of you to ask you to hear my confession if I did not first warn you that it may not be safe for you.”
She raised her brows with an archness which, he suspected, she had learnt in the course of this last Season.
"But I –”
worry. And the evenings are very long.”
At that thought, Harriet sighed, deeply. Jane was just of an age for Court and Lizzie not so
“I think I owe you an apology. Though, to say, truth, my family were always much happier that I should display myself at the harpsichord than, for my own part, I would have chosen. Nonetheless, for my part in it, I am truly sorry for what I inflicted on you in my youth.”
sleeves. The voluminous ice-blue satin of her ball-gown would have been destroyed, utterly. She let her eyes slide sideways and saw only sympathy and (discreetly veiled) amusement in her family’s eyes.
Molly’s face went the colour of skimmed milk.
More accurately, that was when he remembered. His forefinger stroked the velvet petals of the damask roses at the centre of the composition. He closed his eyes and was back there. Back then.
”, Darcy enquired through gritted teeth, “did you
“Quite. That would, of course, reveal our connection and that would never do, would it? And these gems are precious but non-descript. Should there be a next time, you might quietly suggest some distinctive item (there is a pair of diamond ear-bobs of surpassing hideousness her aunt gave her on her majority, for example) be included among any jewels to be pawned. She never wears the ear-bobs – they are forty years out of day – so I daresay the suggestion will be pushing at an open door. And it will leave the possibility open that some jeweller or pawnbroker recognises the source and brings it to my attention. As for now – you cannot go back without the money she sent you to obtain, so I suppose – without even the pleasure of the lecture – I find myself covering those gaming debts after all. That should be enough, I trust? To our next meeting, then.”
While Elizabeth had been prepared for Lady Catherine’s hauteur, her inquisitiveness came as a shock. Within the first quarter turn of their meeting, in addition to interrogating her about her sisters and exclaiming over the deficiencies of their education, she had forced Elizabeth to play the harpsichord, compared her fingering unfavourably to that of her absent ward, Miss Hooper, told her she must practise far more often, and generally inserted her nose so completely into Elizabeth’s affairs that she was
