Then, everything stops again. Because at the sound of the door, of footsteps on gravel, Cas looks up and accidentally meets Dean’s eyes. The smile drops from his face, and Dean’s heart stutters as his own smile fades. He can feel it, the phantom pressure that comes just before a headache, the shuddering breaths that come just before his chest opens into a black hole, because it’s about to happen. Cas is about to tear into him, or worse, turn away and pretend he didn’t see him, and now that the moment is here, Dean’s not so sure he can handle it.
Dean shoves his hands in his pockets, whistling tunelessly to try and hide his sudden anxiety. Missouri walks beside him, staring straight ahead, but he's sure she knows he's nervous anyway.
There’s peace in the silence that follows. There are still doubts bouncing around the back of Castiel’s mind, still fear trying to permeate his veins, but Dean’s soft breath against his cheek, the soothing rise and fall of Dean’s chest… there’s a feeling of
He takes a second to calm himself down, then turns back to Charlie with a smirk. “What about you, Doc?” He leans over the hood of the car and wiggles his eyebrows. “Are you getting laid?”
“She happened to be there when Charlie told me,” Cas answers. “And she’ll be at the party tomorrow-” He rolls his eyes when Dean dramatically attempts to shush him. “Fuck, Dean, Jo is all the way over there, she can’t hear me. And Charlie invited Bela, so I don’t really fucking care what your problem is, she’s going to be there and you’re going to have to deal with it.”
“I don’t want to be more than friends with her,” Cas says quickly, releasing his grip on Dean’s arm and running his hand through his hair. “I swear, I just… wanted to hang out without being a third wheel.”
, and that’s not a word Dean uses very often. He’s comfortable and warm, and while he still hasn’t been able to pick up on Castiel’s scent, feeling him so close and content settles Dean’s omega instincts. He feels better than he has in weeks.
But it’s nice of her to try. And none of this is her fault, at the end of the day. It’s Dean’s. And Lisa should know that Dean isn’t angry with her.
Michael ducks his head in shame, but Naomi has already turned to Castiel, pressing a finger into his chest. “You,” she commands, “respect your brother and don’t raise your voice to him. Even if you disagree with his ideas, there are better ways to handle it than screaming in his face. You’re not an animal, Castiel.”
“Let’s go to the roof. Okay?” Cas tugs on Dean’s wrist again, a small smile on his face. “We can talk there.”
Castiel pulls his phone out of his pocket and shows her the picture he and Dean took yesterday at the Trees of Mystery, in front of the wood carving shaped like a heart. Mildred’s expression softens briefly, as she gingerly takes his phone to pull it closer and get a better look. Her mischievous smile quickly returns, however, as she offers the phone back. “Lucky you,” she says, and Castiel can’t help smiling back.
Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel notices Dean’s expression fall, but he opts to ignore it in the face of Benny’s skeptical eyebrow raise.
Dean blinks up at him, surprised, but Castiel’s smile is soft enough to almost look sad, and it sends a shiver down Dean’s spine that has nothing to do with lust. That look on Castiel’s face makes Dean feel exposed, which is a weird way to feel about someone who just had their tongue in your ass.
Castiel frowns, staring out at the horizon as Dean takes a seat next to him. The ocean rumbles softly, the water going in and out, swallowing their legs, then rushing back, leaving sand and debris behind. “Do you really think of me like that?” Castiel manages to say, the words sour on his tongue. “That I just want to sleep with a girl for the sake of it, and any girl will do?” He turns to look at Dean, who shrugs.
Dean clears his throat. “Zeke and Kate,” he says, dropping the names back in the hat and shaking it for good measure. Kate blushes bright pink and giggles shrilly when Zeke approaches her, taking her hand and kissing it gently before leaning in to press their lips together. Dean doesn’t really blame her; it’s charming and sweet, and Zeke has a great smile.
“C’mon, Dean,” he says, shoving at Dean’s shoulder. “They’re great dance songs. So let’s dance.” He makes an awkward movement with his shoulders, trailing down to his hips, and Dean laughs aloud. “I won’t tell.”
Cas’s eyes are wide, his cheeks slowly turning red as Dean argues, “I’m not contributing to your creepy fantasies.”
Bela gently tugs at Castiel’s hand, leading him into a clearing bathed in bluish light. There’s a pair of girls leaning up against a tree, passing a bottle in a brown paper bag back and forth. Closer to the lantern are a trio of boys, one of whom looks old enough to be a senior, or perhaps even older. When he smiles at Bela, the other two turn around, and Castiel can’t help smiling when he realizes one of those two is Dean.
Castiel pushes himself away from the table, chair screeching against the concrete. The rain is still coming down, and he doesn’t even care. His heart is pounding, heavy in his ears, so hard that he feels dizzy for a moment. Aaron relays all of this so glibly, like it’s no big deal, like he didn’t get to have all the little moments that Castiel didn’t know he wanted.
"Deviant's too kind a word," Charlie responds, her mouth still full. "And you're thinking about this too hard."
“Except I can’t clear my head enough to think of something to work on,” Dean grumbles, dropping his brush into the tray and running both hands through his hair. Everything in his head is running together in one gigantic, gray mass of panic, and while Missouri helped him get a leash on it, that doesn’t mean he’s not still struggling with it.
“Jesus, Cas!” Dean reaches over again, and this time Castiel doesn’t have the chance to move back before Dean has a grip on his forearms. “You’re right, okay? I should’ve told you. I should’ve said something back when I first came up with the idea, we shoulda talked about it, and I’m sorry I didn’t. And I’m sorry if that changes how you feel about what we’ve already done.”
“Yes ma’am,” Castiel says softly. Jody’s hand moves in a soothing circle between his shoulderblades, and he closes his eyes, drinking her kindness in and using it to fuel his courage. “But Dean is my friend, Mother. They all are. We don’t cause any trouble, we just… watch movies and talk about books and play games.”
“I’m well,” Castiel says after a long moment. He wants to add something comforting, something like I miss you, but manages to rein that weakness in. “How are you?”
Whatever it is this little troupe does at night, it must be something they do regularly, because Dean leads the way to an empty lot just south of the boardwalk, hidden from the main road by a wooden fence. The lock on the gate is broken, and as soon as Dean has ushered Cas through, Bela is approaching them, a hand on her hip. “Thought you’d decided to ditch me,” she says slowly, crossing her arms over her chest as she gives Cas a once over. Castiel only has time to wonder what she’s looking for before Lilith appears at her side, smirking.
“That vacant lot down the street,” Castiel points, and Jody’s eyes follow his hand. “The gate was open, and Dean intervened. But there were more than just the two of them, so I got Dean out of there.” Castiel swallows, surprised at how easily the lies come. “I was just going to suggest we call you.”
There’s so much going on in Castiel’s brain and body right now that between the heart palpitations and the shallow lungs, Castiel isn’t sure what he’s going to do next. Maybe he’ll run. Maybe he’ll yell. Maybe he’ll pass out.
It’s a little funny how many of the big stories they end up missing. They e-mailed each other over the school year, texted, talked on the phone, but it’s always little details that come up in those conversations. Castiel would take bad pictures of butterflies and squirrels and the New York skyline to e-mail to Dean, while Dean responded with talk about Sam’s big score at a game, or the new paints he was able to buy with Sonny’s discount. And sometimes, late at night, one of them might even be bold enough to send a text saying how much he missed the other.
"I'm just saying, I've bought into the Horcrux Harry theory," Dean says. "It makes sense, with the scar and everything. And if Harry has to destroy all the Horcruxes, then he has to die to defeat the Dark Lord."
Dean studies Castiel’s face, then concentrates on the wall behind Castiel’s head, obviously attempting to gather his thoughts. His eyes flicker, and Castiel can almost see the pages turning in Dean’s head, as he goes back through the story and tries to figure out what Castiel means. He does see when the light goes on, and Dean’s eyes dart back to his own.
Laughing, Pam slips off her stool and places her head on Castiel’s shoulder, pressing into him until he’s sandwiched between the two girls. He stutters, blushing hot, when Pam slips a hand into the small space between his lower back and Charlie’s stomach. “Um, I, are you-”
Dean stops. He feels a smile slowly spread over his face as he searches the golden windows for a familiar face. “If you watched
Dean can’t see Charlie, but he can practically feel her eyes boring into the back of his head. He thinks over what Anna said, about the possibility that Cas might have feelings for Dean, that Meg may not be around much longer… and it’s all so confusing, and Dean is simultaneously delighted and terrified by the idea that Cas might love him back.
“Oh, I traded some shifts around so I could take you and Sam to the aquarium in the morning,” Mary explains. Her eyes shift towards Dean, who looks away, and once again Castiel wonders if Dean rejected opportunities to reduce his workload while Castiel was visiting. And, again, he sets that aside until a better time.
Dean knows who’s on the phone as soon as he walks into the kitchen and sees the look on Mary’s face. Tension in a solid line, all the way down her back, eyes tired, and lips so tight they’re almost white.
Dean scoots around so he can look at Castiel as he thinks, though his attention returns to his sketchbook when he says, “Tell me about your family.”
“You’re gross and sweaty, don’t touch me,” she whines. Then, for some reason, she turns back to Anna and mumbles, “Sorry.”
Cas stares back at him, eyebrows furrowing. He drops his hand, putting it back on the table, and Dean can practically see the gears whirring and clicking in Cas’s head as he mulls over this information. Hopefully, he can figure it out better than Dean, who still doesn’t understand the difference.
To his surprise, however, Victor and Bela both get up to follow him, one standing on either side. Victor’s company is hardly a surprise - he and Dean are actually friends, after all - but Bela’s is. The last Dean heard from her, she was furious at him for unfairly shutting Cas out, and neither one particularly liked the other. She should loathe him after what happened last summer, but here she is, hands clasped behind her back, eyes straight ahead as she walks at Dean’s side.
Dean approaches the table just in time to see Charlie pull the phone away from Cas’s ear and say, “Quit flirting!” as Cas laughs. Dean takes a deep breath, taking it all in: the warm lighting casting a glow on Cas’s skin, his delicate hands as he tickles Charlie breathless in an attempt to get his phone back. Cas has filled out a little, mostly in his shoulders, but his jawline is still soft, and it’s a strange juxtaposition of boy and man, but Dean supposes they’ll all go through that in the next year or so.
Castiel frowns, but Dean chuckles, raising his hands up. “Alright, alright. I know when I’ve overstayed my welcome.” He steals one last kiss from Castiel’s still-pouting lips and whispers, “I’ll call you,” before waving at Naomi and heading off down the hall, whistling a cheerful tune. It’s only when he turns the corner for the elevators that Castiel recognizes it as ‘Come And Get Your Love’, and he smiles despite himself, allowing Naomi to usher him back into the hotel room.
Dean suddenly realizes his temples are pounding, that he’s pressed the heel of his hand to his forehead, that Cas is gingerly gripping his shoulder, saying his name with concern. Dean pushes away and takes a deep breath. He’s tunnel-visioned on Cas’s worried face, but he can hear Jo next to him, can feel her fingers wrapping around his wrist, so he turns and thrusts the leftover menus into her hand. “I’m sorry,” he gasps, “I have to go.”
Dean shrugs and brings his pencil to his lips, tapping it a few times before chewing on the eraser. “Just. Tell me about your siblings. Why’s Michael such a dick? Why does Gabriel take you out here? What about the other two?” He looks up and grins briefly, the pencil between his teeth. Castiel supposes it might be charming, if he were a girl. “Or your parents. What do your parents do that brings in so much money?” Castiel hums softly, sitting up to try and peek at what Dean’s working on. Dean pulls back and grins again. “Can’t see until you talk.”
Originally, he’d thought about seeking out Bela’s advice. But then he remembered how things had turned out a few years ago, when she sought a distant Dean out for Castiel’s sake, and he realized that maybe she was too protective to be any good. Not to mention, she had never really gotten around to liking Dean, and this wouldn’t help matters.
Castiel glances up. The clock now reads 4:01 P.M. Against his better judgement, he turns to look out the passenger side window, just in time to see Dean stepping out of the lobby door, a brilliant smile on his face. He looks incredible, almost glowing in the light of a late summer afternoon. How he can smile like that, vibrant and joyful, Castiel doesn’t know, but he can feel his resolve weakening at the sight of it. Dean is sunshine in human form, and as much as Castiel wants to turn the car back on and speed off, terrified of being burned beyond recognition, he finds himself opening the door and stepping out, squinting at Dean over the roof of the car.
“How was your trip?” Mary asks as Dean recruits Sam in helping him set up the fold-out bed. Castiel hesitates, unsure of how to summarize their journey for Dean’s mother, but finally smiles.
Castiel huffs, running a hand through his wind-mussed hair. It occurs to him, then, that he’s spent so much time this summer worrying about Dean and Naomi, but no time at all thinking about school. Classes start in September, and he’s registered for his first semester, so he has a little time… but all his classes are basic. None of them have anything to do with his major.
Charlie snorts, shaking her head. "He aced English Lit, okay? They're already trying to recruit him for AP his junior year, so don't let him sell himself short here." When Dean frowns, she scowls back at him. "I've told you a million times, Dean: I'm not Alastair. You don't have to play dumb to impress me."
Bela places a hand on Castiel’s knee, drawing his attention back to her. “This, my friends, is Castiel Milton. Be nice and say hello.”
going on, about whether or not he should attack Cielo, especially with all the refugees coming in. So, the king might appreciate your knowledge of the situation.”
Dean groans, makes an exasperated face at Castiel, but turns and heads back to Jody anyway. Unsure of what else to do, Castiel follows. Jody raises an eyebrow when she recognizes him, but quickly returns her attention to Dean.
for this boy that one silent phone call has him crawling back, desperate to hear one word to calm his concern.
“You wouldn’t know it from the way you talk about him,” Bela responds, and he can hear the smile in her voice as well. Castiel rolls his eyes.
Castiel is too, but he’s more surprised that his family thought to send gifts to the Winchesters at all. He knows that his mother is trying to make up for the things she did wrong when her kids were young, and her cause du jour with regards to Castiel is his relationship with Dean. Despite a handful of missteps, she has done her absolute best to be accepting and inclusive. Apparently, even to the point of sending piles of gifts to Dean’s entire family.
When someone sits down next to him, he’s expecting it to be Jo. Glancing over and seeing Aaron actually shocks him into numbness for a few seconds.
“One dance, then we sleep,” Dean promises. Castiel rolls his eyes, but smiles as Dean’s other hand falls to his waist.
In the comfortable silence, Dean’s phone goes off. He glances through the restaurant’s window, and when he doesn’t see Mary, he goes ahead and flips his phone open without looking at the call screen. “Yeah?”
about?” Castiel cuts in. Michael raises his eyebrows, as if he’d forgotten Castiel was still present. “My feelings for Dean aren’t going to just
“I’ll, um,” the alpha’s voice is deeper, and Dean’s instincts purr, waiting to be pounced on. “I’ll give you some privacy. Remember to drink your water.”
And they both knew what it was like when their brothers were all together under one roof. Castiel and Anna got along fine. Lucifer could be distant and a little haughty, but he had taken up for Castiel a few times during the past year at school, the only year they would be at school together. Michael has a similar aloofness, but as the oldest, he carries more responsibility. He's usually left to direct and discipline his siblings when their parents are absent.
“This is the Hanged Man,” Pam says smugly. “It means be patient and reevaluate. Because he’s hanging upside-down, he’s suspended and stuck until he understands the world from this new point of view.”
Castiel actually blushes and ducks his head, much to Dean’s delight. Sam’s declaration of, “Gross, Dean!” is just the icing on the cake.
Cas smiles, serene and patient, and Dean adores anyone who can look at Sam like that, even when he’s going on about his stupid emo bands. “Yes, thank you, Sam,” Cas says. “I listened to all of them, and I’m glad to know they made you think of me.”
A spark of genuine interest lights in Sam’s eyes, but before he can ask, the blonde girl has joined them, taking the frisbee from Sam’s hands and ruffling his hair before teasing, “Didn’t your brother teach you how to catch?”
“Charlie Bradbury, Jo Harvelle, Pam Barnes, and Dean Winchester. No one to worry about, I promise you.” Jody laughs again, and Castiel feels a rush of affection for her, that she’s trying so hard to make this easier on him. “He would’ve been-”
Maybe Castiel really isn’t ready for more than what they’ve already done. That’s okay. Dean has said he doesn’t care, and Castiel finally believes him.
“Good,” says Naomi. “Now, back to the issue at hand.” Michael opens his mouth to speak, but quickly snaps it shut when Naomi raises an eyebrow at him. “I’ve made a decision.”
“Yeah,” Dean says quietly. Sonny being there takes him further out of the drawing, lets him really look at it, and he blushes even darker. Even though Cas is draped in white robes, there’s an intimacy to this drawing that makes Dean feel like his mom just caught him jerking off.
“Remember? ‘No homo, but you’re fucking hot.’ We don’t need to have that conversation again, do we?”
But Dean is fighting all of that as best he can, and Castiel is still waiting for an answer. There’s only one reason he’d even ask something like that, but Dean is pretty sure that even if he lied, Castiel wouldn’t hold it against him.
For a moment, he allows himself to fantasize about having Dean here next to him. Lucid and laughing as Castiel attempts to explain the names of the constellations in the sky, only to be distracted by the ones that decorate Dean’s skin.
“Castiel,” she cuts him off, “I am your mother. I know I haven’t been around very much, but that is still true, as is the fact that I love you.”
(This happened about as often as his daydreams about getting Lisa in the bed of his truck and finally finding out if she wears lacey or flowered bras, but Dean isn’t concerned about it.)
At school, Castiel had been known as stoic and focused. His sense of humor is dry, and sometimes it felt like Meg, Balthazar, and Uriel were the only people in New York who understood when he was trying to be funny. When Dean said Castiel was cold as ice, well, he doesn’t know the half of it. Balthazar is constantly teasing Castiel for his disinterest in dating. He’s been doing it for
“I like her,” Pam offers. “She’s really sweet, very patient, which is good for a Winchester.” Dean growls at her from behind Cas’s hand, and she sticks her tongue out at him.
“If I have to sit around and listen to any more discussions about Castiel and Dean, I’m going to vomit,” she says when Victor glares at her. “You have literally nothing new to say, so shove it, or I’m going to tattle on you.”
“Real friends?” Castiel finally cuts through her tirade when he realizes what she’s implying. If anxiety was closing his throat, anger pushes past it, because anger does something for him, after all. “Do you think that I’m not one of Dean’s friends?”
And that might be the worst part. Dean probably thinks Castiel is angry with him. Dean was certainly hurt by what Castiel last said to him, and Castiel can’t do anything to apologize.
But as he’s collecting his thoughts, he can see the change on Cas’s face. The way those blue eyes widen slowly, drag down Dean’s body almost like a caress, until they land on the shape of the erection apparent in Dean’s jeans. Cas’s fingertips dig into Dean’s hip as his eyes dart back to Dean’s face, and his eyebrows climb toward his hairline as his lips part. His breathing picks up and his body is one long line of tension, so Dean sighs and reaches down to gently break Cas’s grip on his hips, lacing their fingers together instead.
“I’m sorry to bother you,” he says, reaching up to remove his hood, “but do you know if they have take-out orders here?”
be allowed to mate Dean, not when there are rich alphas with titles all over the countryside, chomping at the bit to get a bite of such a handsome omega prince.
Castiel shakes his head. Cold air and a short run could be good for him, help settle his heartbeat and stop him from fidgeting so much. It’s worked before.
“D’you wanna go watch Fight Club?” Dean asks, and there’s a spark in his eyes that wasn’t there a few minutes ago. Sharing time is over. Castiel can’t help feeling a little relieved. “Have you seen it?”
Dean stares, lips parted. This time, no words come. It’s like his brain has had to reboot itself at the very notion of comparing his relationship with Lisa to Cas’s with Meg. It’s insulting. Isn’t it? There’s no cruelty in Cas’s eyes, just sincerity, because at the end of the day, Cas really isn’t a cruel person, and he probably honestly does compare his relationship to Dean’s.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks, and anger pounds between his temples. Bela’s a slut and a bitch, someone who gets a kick out of Dean’s violent after-school activities. She’s manipulative and arrogant, and he doesn’t want her anywhere near Cas. Or Lisa. Or any of his other friends. “Why the fuck would you go on a date with
He blinks rapidly, drawing himself out of his reverie, and turns to see Meg still smirking at him, and Pam studying him with curiosity and concern. Dean clears his throat, scraping his mind for some sort of comeback, but he’s reeling so hard from this epiphany that nothing comes to mind.
Not possible. As soon as Dean’s punishment is up, he’ll be expected to be back out with Alastair, and he can’t do any part of that job sober. And if he wants Alastair to leave his friends alone, then that’s what he has to do.
Dean blinks, staring at the wall at he thinks about it. “And you want me to rig it so you can kiss Jo?” He can do that, probably. He’ll be exempt from the game because of Lisa anyway.
Dean’s artwork speaks so much of his soul, of the way he views the world, and it kills Castiel a little that Dean doesn’t want to share that vision beyond his current circle of friends.
Castiel gestures at the barracks, and Dean immediately smiles. “Nah, the knights all sleep in the back, close to the castle, and our mages stay in the towers. Those are for the villagers, in case of attack or bad weather or whatever.”
Charlie cocks an eyebrow, but Dean’s head pops up, eyes wide and interested. “What do you think of it?” He asks excitedly.
And Castiel knows why Dean’s afraid. There are a hundred reasons to be absolutely terrified of this, all of which Castiel promptly forgets when Dean’s thumbs caress his cheekbones, and he can only hum, parting his lips in the hopes that Dean will take the hint and deepen the kiss. Luckily, Dean proves himself reliable in this, his fingertips digging into the back of Castiel’s neck and the space behind his ear as their tongues slide together.
“No. My father introduced us.” At this, Cas’s smile turns sly, and he turns and leans in to whisper in Dean’s ear, “You know they’re making a Supernatural TV show, right?”
Sunlight greets them when they enter the clearing, and Dean shades his eyes just in time to witness Benny and Charlie’s jaws dropping, in sync, at the sight of Castiel’s pretty little cottage and colorful garden. He grins to himself, slipping off Impala’s back to jog towards the front gate, only to stop in his tracks when the bushes shift somewhere to the left. Castiel steps out, covered in mud and blood, and carrying a few dead rabbits in one hand.
They end up taking so long in the shower that they have to rush through repacking, and Castiel doesn’t even have a chance to dry his hair or put his piercings in before they leave. Dean loads up the car while Castiel returns their key, and before they know it, they’re leaving Eureka behind and heading north, back towards Sileas.
“What’s the harm?” Dean still sounds defensive, irritated, as he steals Pam’s stool and holds out his hand for her to take. Castiel attempts to ignore Charlie, who has yet to unwrap herself from around his body, and studies Dean, his flared nostrils and twitching jaw and tight shoulders. Could he be jealous? It’s true that Dean is good-looking, from an objective point of view. He’s definitely the most attractive boy in town, at least that Castiel has seen. ‘Pretty,’ might be the right word, with his long lashes and full lips, just like his mother. Castiel had been joking when he talked about stealing Dean’s girls, but maybe it wasn’t so funny if it was actually true. Of course Dean would be jealous: he’s the king tomcat for an entire year, and Castiel waltzes in and steals his girls away? Castiel would be annoyed too, were he in Dean’s shoes.
“Wait,” Castiel manages to say, flattening his palm against Dean’s chest. He whimpers when Dean places a kiss under his chin, then chokes out again, “Dean, wait, stop,” and Dean goes easily, his hand sliding up into Castiel’s hair even as he pulls back, concern in his eyes.
“I’m in love with you,” he says, his eyes on Dean’s. “That’s why I keep coming back. Even after everything that happened two years ago. I can’t-”
The situation isn’t helped when Bela comes by again that evening around dinner time. Michael, still smiling like he just became leader of the free world, invites her to stay, but she politely refuses, instead asking to speak to Castiel for a moment. That proud look graces Michael’s face again, as Castiel follows Bela out to the porch, but Castiel ignores it, shutting the door in his brother’s face. “He’ll probably be trying to listen in,” Castiel warns her. “So maybe we should take a little walk.”
Dean’s thumb sweeps over the back of Castiel’s neck, and Castiel finds himself adjusting against Dean’s side, trying to find comfort in how they fit together. He rests his forehead against Dean’s temple, enjoying the warmth of Dean’s skin and the perfect view of his freckles and his eyes. “I fought with them about it,” Castiel mumbles.
Because really, the prettiest shade of red in the room is the shade of Cas’s cockhead as it rests against the planes of Dean’s stomach, as Cas gently moves his hips back and forth, dragging his cock over Dean’s skin and teasing Dean’s with the heat between his ass cheeks, and the unspoken promise of what’s to come. It’s all Dean can do to hold onto Cas’s thighs and let him do as he pleases, let him laugh whenever Dean groans in frustration, tries to buck against Cas’s weight.
Dean is expecting a kiss. That’s what happens in the movies, after all, and he even lifts his head to grin expectantly at Cas. There’s a kind of suspension about this moment, that makes it feel wholly separate from real life. Not quite dream-like, but they both seem to have reached an agreement not to worry about what happens, at least not yet. This is further proven when the corner of Cas’s lips twitches, and Dean jerks in surprise when he feels hands sliding into the back pockets of his jeans, pulling him down to grind their hips together again. Dean bites his lip to hold back a groan, but it escapes as an even more embarrassing whimper, and Cas laughs outright before leaning up to seal their lips together again.
“I have to go,” he repeats, and with just a wave of his hand, he’s running for the door, for his truck, pulling himself in and gunning for home. At least there, he can hide away in his room and sleep on this and hopefully have an easier time sorting it out in the morning.
“I’m not worked up.” Johnny gets in the car to leave, and all Baby can do is watch. The song in the background is reverent and mournful and distinctly eighties-esque for a film set in the fifties.
Castiel hums an affirmation, closing his eyes and relaxing against Dean’s shoulder. The wind is still up, but between the shed and Dean’s torso, Castiel hardly notices.
Sam throws his hands in the air and shakes his head. “No, no, that’s not how it works.” Sam gives Dean a look that borders on disgust, and the pain in Dean’s head spreads to his ears and sinuses. “He needs to
“I don’t know who any of those people are.” Castiel frowns at this, and Dean laughs as he leans down to press a kiss into Castiel’s hair. “I sold Jo on it by telling her it was vintage prom. These songs were probably played at school dances back in the day, right?”
. No alpha has done this for Dean of their own volition, and most of them only do out of obligation, which is clear in the clinical way they approach it.
Dean lifts his head when Meg takes a seat next to him, her wild curls floating in the ocean breeze. Cas sits down on her other side, shooting a smile at Jo and Dean before waving at Gilda and accepting a hug from Charlie. Pam, her smile glowing, picks up her cards and shuffles them again, explaining to Meg what they were doing, and Jo sits up to move closer to Pam again, clearly more interested in what a reading for Cas and Meg might say.
“Well, not all the time,” Dean answers brightly, setting the green canvas aside and shifting to slide the red one from Castiel’s fingers. He offers up a sweet sort of half-smile, gently taking Castiel’s hand in his own, which means Castiel’s expression must give away how much that painting upset him. “Hey. I only feel like that when I get really low, okay? It’s been a long time since I’ve let it get that bad.”
Sam excuses himself to his bedroom as soon as the kitchen is cleaned up, leaving Dean and Castiel standing alone at the island. Castiel takes a deep breath and turns to look at Dean, who quickly says, “My mom will probably be home early too.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Jo shakes her hair out, pointing at Dean as she follows Benny to the shed. “And you owe me, Winchester.”
he has. He’s been shoving all the evidence into little compartments in his head, where he can easily ignore them. He’s been telling himself that those kisses mean nothing, and even when he finally figured out that wasn’t true, he kept telling himself that it didn’t matter, he and Cas were just friends. He’d convinced himself that those dreams, the ones that leave him either hard and aching, or dealing with sticky bedsheets, were just a weird hormone flux, just his brain getting confused.
Heat flickers in Castiel’s cheeks, but he smiles at Dean’s enthusiasm anyway. Seeing the proof that he’s wanted makes his heart skip a few beats, and he struggles to shove away the feeling that he’s weak. It’s okay to want this too.
i'm not planning on staying unemployed, of course, and i'm not sure what my next job will look like, but as it stands now the bad news is behind me and my personal life is way better, so i'm seriously hoping it won't be another year before we see each other again :) i've made a change to part five, which you can get a hint at if you go to the series page, and if you have questions or comments, please come to
“You’re not walking to your death,” she teases, guiding him out a back opening that leads almost directly to a small, wooden door at the castle’s base. She unlocks and opens this door, leading him into the warm hustle and bustle of the kitchens.
Benny sighs and claps Dean on the shoulder. “You two get out of here, now. I still got a girl to call.”
So Cas continues: “That’s how you draw my eyes. With that weird color. It’s not the actual color of my eyes, but you use it consistently, so I know.”
But then Cas shrugs and says, “Well, I’m not one to turn down good food.” Dean grins back at him, and while that electric tension stays, the awkwardness doesn’t.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, “it doesn’t have to be you or Sam. You don’t have to keep making these sacrifices.”
Dean has made good use of the extra time he was given. He’s found candles from somewhere and lit them, casting a lovely golden light around the room, though Castiel has the fleeting, panicked thought that Dean’s poster- and sketch-covered room is a complete fire-hazard and now he has to worry about flailing limbs knocking something over and setting the whole house ablaze.
But Gabriel’s waiting for him with a shit-eating grin, and his other brothers are gathered around the dinner table trying not to laugh. Luke and Michael, actually laughing with each other? Castiel immediately turns to take off for his room, but Gabriel grabs him and drags him back through the living room, all but shoving him into the seat next to Michael.
“I knew you’d like this place,” Dean says, his voice a rumble in the darkness. Castiel smiles briefly, attempting to ignore the way his weak, traitor heart is fluttering.
Castiel doesn’t see where it comes from, but suddenly she has a blanket that she’s draping over him and Dean. This just confuses him further. “But-”
“So if I said that this is okay,” Castiel squeezes Dean’s ribs, turns to bury his face in Dean’s neck, “and we can make out sometimes, but that’s it, you’d really be okay with that?”
After a few moments, Anna gently reminds Naomi that they were going to order dinner, and Naomi laughs, declining Charlie’s kind invitation to join them. “You kids have fun,” Naomi says, almost musically, before turning back to Castiel. She gives a more genuine smile when she sees the look on his face. “See? I can be nice.”
Castiel bristles. “Meg wasn’t listening to me, I needed to get her off the phone without being rude.”
Now, Castiel feels every step he takes, in sync with Dean. He is safe and secure on the ground, and if he does fall, it won’t be so far. Plus, Dean is there to catch him or help him stand upright again. This is better.
Castiel leans down to scent Dean’s neck, to nuzzle and nip at the offered skin. “No,” he whispers back. “I’m not going to knot you.”
“Doesn’t sound that different from Fall Out Boy, if you ask me,” Dean responds with a shrug, resting his cheek in his hand as he watches Cas sputter in annoyance.
Castiel shakes his head. His heartbeat skips a few painful beats. It’ll be better to just get it over with and get past this. It’ll be fine.
Mildred points at his pocket. “Visit her. Stay in touch,” she orders, eyes still sparkling. “I expect an invitation to your wedding in a few years.”
Jo stares back, eyes darting towards the display in front of him, her jaw set as she takes the few steps necessary to stand closer.
Dean immediately turns to Castiel, which makes Missouri focus on him. Castiel fidgets, picking at his fingernails. “No problem,” he says quietly.
Sure, she held a cup of vodka that first time, and the second time they tried a party, Dean is pretty sure he saw her with a cup in her hand, though he has no idea what was in it. Both times, Dean was a wreck before Lisa even had a chance to try keeping up with him. Both times, she had left, with or without Dean.
She says it as if she knows something that Dean should know too, something simple and obvious. And maybe Dean does know, deep down, in the places he doesn’t like to think about. Where that white, terrifying light resides. And thinking about that, Dean starts to ache inside. That emptiness he wanted to escape to this morning, it threatens to break open inside his chest, but now, for some reason, he doesn’t want to go.
“Dean!” Jo says suddenly, drawing their attention to Dean and Benny rejoining the table. Dean is smiling like nothing’s wrong, and reaches to take Cas’s hand again, but Jo continues loudly, “Did you see Aaron’s here?” And Castiel almost wants to hug her, grateful that he doesn’t have to decide whether or not to rebuff Dean’s affections.
“I should give you a ride,” he says slowly, and his summer green eyes are almost hopeful. Like this is his good intentions coming out the right way, and he can have a better chance to make himself clear.
“I’m an idiot,” Dean mumbles, rubbing a hand over his face. Mary watches him closely, then nudges the plate closer to Dean, reminding him to eat.
He doesn’t want to be gone too long, both because he doesn’t want to worry Dean, and because he doesn’t want to bring back cold food. So he’s pleased when he turns a corner, and sees a sign just ahead for an omelette house. It’s a small, run down building with lace curtains in the windows. He approaches the door at the same time as an older woman, so he politely opens it for her and stands back to let her in first. She gives him an appreciative look, and he shrinks under it, somewhat confused as he follows her inside.
But he also feels like he can’t tell Lisa he loves her if he’s been kissing or dreaming about someone else. That’s not how love works.
Castiel wheels around, eyes searching the darkness until they settle on a figure leaning against the upstairs railing. It’s Lucifer; Castiel can see the light-colored bed-head once his eyes adjust.. “Couldn’t sleep,” Castiel offers, and it’s only half a lie. He probably would’ve been able to sleep if Dean hadn’t texted him about the Star Trek marathon on the SciFi channel, insisting he stay up and text Dean about it. “Sorry, did I wake you?”
Here, in this hidden room, Dean feels braver. He can take all the kisses he wants, and Cas will return them, until their lips are swollen and sore and they can hardly breathe. Only then does Dean rest his head on Cas’s shoulder, trailing his fingertips over Cas’s stomach, down to loosely grip his cock and give it a few strokes, smirking when Cas’s hips writhe.
warning for: looootts of therapy talk, since dean is in recovery - he slips a couple times but manages to pull himself back. also, warning for john winchester finally appearing in this fic, though probably not in the way you're expecting :)
Castiel nods, the bag sitting heavy near his stomach. It’s unusually warm down here, warmer in his sweater, and he realizes suddenly that the back of his neck is soaked with sweat. He holds tight onto Dean’s hands though, unable to let go long enough to let either of them retrieve the package, and that’s when the smile on Dean’s face finally falters.
“Hi, Lisa,” he responds. She doesn’t speak for a moment, but he hears rustling on the other end, and the gentle click of a door closing.
“It’s not a big deal,” Sam says with a shrug, turning back to the window. “We just decided we were better friends.”
After almost two weeks, that’s an old refrain, and Castiel can only afford to be distantly bitter about it. He’s leaving the day after tomorrow, their time together is almost up, and it’s better spent enjoying what they have than regretting what they don’t.
Dean hasn’t spoken to Cas since their fight about Bela, though that’s not to say Cas hasn’t tried. There are eight unheard voicemails on Dean’s phone, and a decent collection of ignored texts, but Dean is too ashamed of himself to respond. It doesn’t help that his stomach starts aggressively churning every time he sees Cas’s name, that his temples pound whenever he thinks of Cas taking Bela on dates, touching her thigh under the table, her lipstick on his neck.
. Even when Castiel was dating Meg, Balthazar would tease him about how strange and distant their relationship was. And when the jokes picked up in full force after Balthazar found out about the break-up, Meg was completely unhelpful, at best only smirking along, and at worst joining in to taunt Castiel, even though she knew better than anyone why Castiel was so frigid.
“You’ll come back, right?” Sam asks as he pulls away. Dean steps out onto the porch, watching closely as Castiel nods.
So Dean sighs instead, and Lisa turns to him, still smiling. “This is really nice, Dean,” she says softly, as if afraid of ruining the moment.
Dean pretends to think about it, humming softly as he shifts his weight onto one leg and studies the ceiling. “If you’re gay, does that mean you don’t want to cuddle up with me anymore? ‘Cause that’s gonna be a dealbreaker, sorry to say.”
Dean takes a short breath, and it aches. “So is Bela your best friend, then?” he accuses, voice soft but stinging, and he feels a bitter sort of victory when Cas winces.
He can come back next summer. A little freer and a little older, and Castiel’s mind is already racing with dreams and hopes for what will come to pass ten months from now.
Dean’s breath hitches, but Castiel can see the corner of his mouth twitching up as he reaches back to pet Castiel’s hair. “Always get what I want,” Dean whispers, tugging at the strands. It’s Castiel who gasps this time, surprised that an omega in heat could be so cheeky. A switch flips inside Castiel at this cocky little taunt, and before he can stop himself, he’s rolling Dean onto his stomach and pinning him down, nipping at his neck and shoulder.
“Well, I should probably… my pizza will be ready any second and just… yeah,” Aaron stumbles over his words, then waves before stumbling over his chair in his haste to get away. Castiel watches until Aaron finally settles himself in the corner nearest the pick-up area, where he does his best impression of Jo, trying not to make eye contact.
, but he takes care of his needs and doesn’t need much more than a few visits from his mother or Sam, for a little familial cuddling. Granted, the only alphas who are normally in the castle around this time are related to Dean, or are already mated, so maybe this is just a reaction to the very un-related and un-mated alpha who took him in. Heat is about wanting to mate and have pups. It’s probably going to be easier to stand if there are no available alphas around, right?
“Just promise me.” He smiles weakly and rubs at his face. “Jo and Charlie and everybody, they know I hang out with Alastair and those guys, but they don’t know what I do and they don’t know why I do it, and I don’t want them to. So please.”
“You don’t have to trust or forgive,” Dean says. “But I feel better, Cas. I really do. I'm not that guy anymore."
That’s something that Dean should ask about on the trip back into Winchester. It probably wouldn’t look very good for Dean to show up with his mysterious alpha and really only know his name.
“Please,” Dean whimpers, and Castiel makes a strangled noise before roughly dragging his hand through Dean’s hair, almost tugging at it. Dean gasps, pushing back onto his fingers, and begs again, over and over until it all runs together, “
“Yes. Lucifer, he was with us on Independence Day. He took off this morning and we don’t know where he is.”
“Didn’t we already have this argument?” he asks, sounding tired. It just ramps Castiel’s anger up a few notches.
“Well,” Castiel draws the word out, conflicted. Dean is glaring at him, but Charlie seems more annoyed at Dean’s annoyance. Jo is busy fawning over whatever technological device Ash has given her, and Garth and Pam are situated by Jo’s small stereo, flipping through CDs. It would be rude to invite Bela to such a personal gathering, wouldn’t it? Especially when only Dean and Castiel know her, and Dean doesn’t even really like her. “I don’t know, it’s my friend’s birthday-”
“I have to go,” Castiel says. Dean nods hesitantly, then glances up at the sky, as if he’d forgotten it was raining.
“You’ve kind of got a limited selection, Dean,” Cas says, smirking up at the ceiling with his hands behind his head. “It’s this, or borrowing one of Sam’s CDs.”
“Right.” A half-hearted little laugh bubbles up from Castiel’s throat. “Mother and Michael don’t care that Dean’s a
The door slams. That honey-daisy alpha smell is limited to the old scents caught in the blankets and the wood of the cottage.
“The noise is worse than the castle itself,” Castiel answers, offering a smile of his own. John grunts, but Castiel isn’t sure if it’s a laugh or something a bit more dismissive, so he ignores it for now. “It’s been years since I’ve been around so many people. Re-learning how to navigate a castle will be easier than re-learning how to socialize.”
When Michael finally composes himself, he’s scowling. “Castiel, what does Dean have to offer you? Can he get you into a good school? Get you an internship, or a job? His mother is a
Bela sighs dramatically, the sound crackling in Castiel’s ears. “Okay, I’ll play nice. Where are you, exactly?”
He wants to call Cas. Tell him about how much pain he’s in, how much is weighing on his shoulders, how this is so much more difficult than he ever could have imagined, and not just in the sense that he desperately misses his mother, but that he has to know things he never wanted to know. Not until he was well into his fifties, at least.
,” she whispers, clutching a book tight to her chest. Castiel swallows and glances at Jess, who only stares at Hannah.
“That boy you introduced me to on the Fourth of July?” Anna sounds genuinely confused, almost spitting the words as she tries to suss out what Castiel is telling her. “His mother works at a pizza parlor? How did you even meet someone whose mother works at a pizza parlor?”
“By ‘this,’ you mean…?” Castiel blushes and ducks his head, to which Dean grins. “If you can’t say it, you’re not ready, sweetheart.”
“You planned this,” he accuses, lips pressed to fevered skin. A vibration starts to roll from Dean’s chest up through his neck, and from that pleased little purr, Castiel knows he guessed correctly. He rolls his hips again, a perfect slide that’s almost as good as actually being inside Dean. “Naughty boy.”
He tries for Cas’s wrist again, and succeeds this time, though Cas’s shoulders droop with a sigh. “C’mon, Cas,” Dean says, tugging gently. “Talk to me.”
All those beautiful, domestic fantasies fly up into the sky and dissolve, replaced by the fear that once Dean’s strength is back, he’ll storm back to his village, raving to his loved ones about the crazed hermit alpha in the woods that assaulted him. At best, he’ll never see Dean again and have to live with what he’s done. At worst, he’ll be hunted down like an animal.
Dean shrugs, watching Lisa as she puts her hands in her pockets and keeps her eyes on the sidewalk, getting smaller and smaller as she gets further and further away. “No idea.”
“Sleep well, Miss-... Mary,” Castiel wishes after her, leaning back against the counter to watch Dean cook. “Is this typical for you?”
Dean cocks an eyebrow, staring down at her, but she doesn’t look back. Cas, however, manages a small, approving smile, and presses a kiss into her hair.
And again, Dean has been with alphas before. He knows their dicks tend to be on the large side, and hell, he’s been with alphas bigger than Castiel, but something about that long cock sliding against Dean’s stomach just lights Dean on fire. It’s not like heat, not all-consuming, miserable and demanding, but it simmers under his skin, fueling a desire to kiss and touch and nip.
“Quite the opposite,” she chirps, grinning when Dean glares at her over the rim of the glass. “Go on and tell him the good news, Dean.”
Castiel’s heart swells, but he covers it up with a grin and a shove to Dean’s chest. “Get out of here before they tow your car, you big sap.”
“Slander! Libel!” Bela rolls her eyes. “This is exactly why Slytherin and Gryffindor will never be able to get along. You fucking lions don’t
"I don't need your money-" but Dean's cut off when Cas's other hand falls over his mouth. Goosebumps pop up on his skin as he breathes through his nose, smells the soap on Cas's hand.
“Jo’s pissed we didn’t call her last night, and when I told her why, she just said she was gonna kill Dean for being a selfish prick.”
“I don’t want to force us into something we’re not ready for,” says Castiel. “Pushing this could ruin it.”
He’s been stripped down to his underthings, and that’s what tips him off to the fact that he’s not alone. Dean would have just removed everything; even his socks get itchy and irritating when his entire body is lit up and looking to cook up some pups. But this person… an alpha, now that Dean thinks about it, he remembers an alpha that smelled like a garden… had wanted to make him comfortable, without making him uncomfortable. Waking up naked would’ve just freaked Dean out even more.
and Dean works for her step-father during the days and her mother at night, so she doesn’t really get to complain about never seeing Dean when Castiel has to make do with phone calls and text messages for most of the year.
A strong hand falls onto his back, gently rubbing up and down along his spine, and he knows it’s Cas without having to look. He should shrug him off. He should scoot away. Hell, when he arrived at the Roadhouse, he should have gone ahead and squeezed in next to Charlie and Jo, really drove the message home by leaving Cas all alone on his side of the booth.
Technically, Castiel is still grounded, but no one thinks to mention this. Michael still looks like Christmas came early, ushering them out the door with a gooey smile and a wink in Castiel’s direction. Once the door is closed behind them, Bela drops Castiel’s arm and turns to reappraise him on her own terms.
“You’re friends with Dean, isn’t that right? Well, tonight, I’m going to introduce you to his…” she pauses, then grins as she claps her compact shut. “His
Charlie gives him a wan smile, then turns to stare out the window. The way the hair around her ears flutters when she moves is entrancing, makes Dean’s hands itch for a pencil, to try and capture the movement. He wonders if Lisa’s hair moves that way, then wonders why he doesn’t already know.
“Oh.” Dean’s shoulders drop, losing their tension, and again, that shy smile appears on his face. “You really think so?”
“Okay,” Castiel answers, watching Dean’s anxious body language and trying not to let it make him anxious too. “How are you?”
Dean ducks his head, pulling Cas’s hands up to press against his chest. Cas isn’t wrong. Everything changed the moment Dean decided to tell Cas how he felt. Hell, it all changed when Dean first recognized his feelings. Maybe all the way back when Dean first met Meg.
After so many years of hunting deer and weeding vegetables, hiding by his lonesome in the forest, it’s a little difficult to wrap his head around. And it’s not like the royalty back home set a great example, all things considered. For a second, Castiel panics over the idea of Dean’s father being such a wicked king, but he calms himself with the reminder that Dean is free and strong, and the omega girl Charlie had seemed healthy and cheerful and was receiving an education, so perhaps not all royalty is quite as bad as it is in Cielo.
It’s warm and pleasant, and there’s good food and good people, and Dean keeps looking over at Castiel with this odd, crooked little smile, and Castiel smiles back, because he’s never been as happy as he is right this moment.
“Yeah, Studio Ghibli. Home of Hayao Miyazaki?” Dean scoffs and crosses his arms over his chest. “They didn’t even bother to mention that important little tidbit?”
Castiel roughly grabs Dean’s shoulder and pulls him back, stepping between him and the boy and holding up his arms. Something hits him dead-center in his chest, but as soon as he’s leaning over, trying to protect himself, he feels arms around his shoulders, pulling him in, someone speaking his name.
They spend a few hours playing Mario Kart, with Sam occasionally asking questions about the Supernatural series. He’s more insightful than Castiel expected: he hates Jensen and Jared’s father, had been smart enough to figure out Kyriel’s betrayal, and believes that Kyriel might become human in the future. This last is extra surprising, since the most recent draft Castiel read had ended with a human Kyriel, but there’s no way Sam could have known that. When Castiel asks why Sam thinks so, he simply shrugs, never taking his eyes off the game on screen.
Pam puts both hands over her face, hunkering down. Charlie whispers Dean’s name, but he ignores her. Meg’s only response is to raise both eyebrows, and if Dean didn’t know better, he’d think she looks a little impressed.
“Then why are you here with her?” Dean tosses something out into the woods as Castiel finally sits up, mirroring Dean’s position, facing in the opposite direction.
But his raw knuckles stay where they are. Dean clenches his fist, grits his teeth, but doesn’t move. “Cas, go!” He barks, still not meeting Castiel’s eyes.
He manages to finish half a plate of scrambled eggs and a small piece of smoked ham before his stomach starts cramping again. The heat is content at a simmer for the time being, so when Dean asks for a back rub, Castiel obliges. Rough, strong fingers dig into Dean’s muscles until he purrs and slumps over onto his stomach, dozing happily.
Castiel has retreated so far inside his mind that he only notices Michael has moved when a pair of strong arms wrap around his shoulders, pulling him into an embrace that he’s not even sure he wants to return. But Michael is whispering, “I’m sorry,” so softly that Castiel’s not even sure if he’s supposed to hear it. And Castiel is suddenly reminded that Michael is less than six years older than he is. Hardly old enough to handle this on his own.
“You need to go,” Cas says, voice loud and gravelly, and Dean hates the way his knees go a little weak at such a commandeering sound.
Lilith shrugs, lifting the lantern as she heads back into the woods. Ruby, Alastair, and Azazel follow her, but Bela pouts at Dean. “Castiel is my date, I should help him.”
“Great,” Dean sighs. Charlie finally looks at him, but her eyes are far too sympathetic for Dean’s tastes, so he leans back in the booth to sulk on his own.
Castiel looks pleadingly at Dean, but Dean’s lips are pinched in a frown, his jaw tight. “Hey!” Dean snaps, slamming a hand on the bar. “Are you gonna read my palm or not?”
“I do,” Cas snaps right back. “But you can’t tell me you’re giving up your entire future just to protect Sam for a few years.” Suddenly Cas’s eyes go wide, just before they soften. “Unless… it’s not just for a few years?”
“Mother might be there, but she says she’s trying. I’m up to testing that if you are.” Castiel turns to Dean when the door dings again. He reaches out to hold it open, then extends his arm for the taking. Dean laughs and shakes his head.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “I like girls. Okay? You girls and your long hair and your nice curves and your soft lips, all of that. I like that.”
“Dean was young, and sick.” Her smile turns more genuine, a little hopeful. “I think he’s learned to listen to what you have to say.”
But at the same time, he’s right. The longer Dean waits, the less chance he has of convincing Lisa to keep trying.
Missouri watches Dean closely, then reaches over and puts a hand on his knee. "I know you feel regret," she says. "Because you're a good boy, Dean Winchester. And from what you've told me, Cas saw that good part of you, even when you didn't. If he cares about you the way you care about him, he will come to you. He might even give you another chance."
Still, Bela waves a hand and says, “Fine,” opting instead to rest her head on Cas’s shoulder. Cas just stares out across the crowd, as if having a snotty senator’s daughter be so friendly with him is something that happens every day.
The kind of thing that makes it so there’s no need for Alastair’s kind of business, for at least one night.
Whether you're an old reader who's been patiently waiting, or a new one who thought you'd give this monster a try, I love you and am very happy to see you :) Hope you enjoy!
Not entirely, but it's a start. Castiel decides not to delve into the more troublesome aspects of his family just yet.
He needs time and distance to figure everything out. Then he can talk to his family, and he can talk to Dean, and then maybe things will be better.
Castiel wouldn't call their family broken. Not even when his brothers snarl and scream at one another, not even with their parents so often absent. They've always managed to figure things out and stick together.
happy, for the rest of their lives. He’s eighteen and stupid and heading off to college in Chicago but for the first time, Castiel is sure of what he wants. Damn the cliche, damn the romance. This, at least, he
“Yes, thank you,” Bela answers. “Should I bring some rum or gin for the birthday girl? I have some to spare.”
Now, the ball is in Dean’s court. Castiel sets his phone on the bedside table, and lays back, staring at the ceiling with a small smile on his face. Dean is better at this. They’ll have everything figured out by morning.
“You couldn’t wait before,” Castiel says, his voice low and blank. He doesn’t move away from Dean’s touch, which is how he feels tension spreading from Dean’s chest and shoulder to his arm and fingers, which still their movements, drawing Castiel’s shirt tight across his chest.
Not to mention, that's a best-case scenario. They don't have any idea what they're doing. They could hurt each other, end up breaking up within a week or two, and never see each other again.
Dean feels like his legs aren’t working, but he continues frowning as Victor takes Lisa’s elbow and leads her back out to the front room.
They should separate here. Bela and her family are staying in one of the resort’s suites, in the opposite direction, but she follows him back to the bungalow, and when Castiel turns to tell her good-bye, she cups his face and leans in to press a kiss to his lips. It’s gummy and sugary from her lip gloss, but the intent is there, and Castiel’s face flames up in surprise and embarrassment. Bela smiles smugly when she pulls back, and taps his nose with a finger before wiggling it at him in farewell. Castiel dumbly waves back, then scrambles back inside before he can humiliate himself further.
Sonny nods slowly, turning back to the painting. “You’ll want a bluer green for your background, then. Remember what I told you about palettes, and how your colors have to compliment each other?”
, Castiel had said, and as much as Dean wants to write that off, he can’t. This is a strange situation, no doubt. The two of them, all alone in a sweet little cottage in the woods, trying to deal with an unexpected heat. It’s like something out of the torrid kind of book that gets sold only under the table, in the furthest corners of the marketplace.
Castiel wants to kiss him. But they’re entering the airport now, so he can wait a couple more minutes. “And maybe you can come to Evanston?” he says instead. “I’d love to show you around town, take you to Chicago, introduce you to my friends.”
“Can I join you?” There’s a rustling noise on the other end of the line, just before Bela sighs. “I mean, I adore Lilith and Ruby, but a girl’s got to have more to do on any given day than sit at the park and paint her nails. Besides, if we’re going to keep using each other as alibis, we might want to actually hang out every now and then, don’t you agree?”
But still, Michael is Michael; he is both Mother and Father in their absence, and Castiel finally yields under a threat to inform their mother. He agrees to stop seeing his friends in town, but as soon as he’s locked in his room, he’s texting Dean, informing him of everything that just happened. Because Dean understands. And Dean’s just as furious as Castiel, as they text until morning, discussing ways to make it easier for Castiel to sneak away.
“From Rugrats? Don’t tell me you’ve never seen that either.” She looks disappointed already, hands on her hips, hazel eyes wide and expectant, so Castiel clears his throat.
Despite this, Castiel finds himself getting sucked into the story of Baby and Johnny. It hits a little closer to home than he wants to admit to: he’s been to resorts like Kellerman’s, and while the attendees in the film are caricatures, they’re also not that far off from people he’s met at such camps, or various parties and events he’s had to attend over the years.
The kitchen smells like cilantro, tomatoes, and melted cheese. Dean’s hands are clean but clenched into tight fists. Mary looks exhausted, but she smiles and brushes a lock of hair off her forehead as Sam and Jess retake their seats at the island. “We’ve still got about thirty minutes until dinner’s ready, so how about a card game?”
It’s incredibly unfair that a call from Charlie will get answered so kindly, but Dean clenches his fists in his lap and manages to keep his mouth shut.
wanted to know about sex, or my brothers having sex, but I guess putting up with that is just part of being a little brother.”
“Seconded,” Sam says, swallowing half a slice of pizza in one bite. Charlie wrinkles her nose at him, but he ignores her, inhaling the second half before he’s finished chewing the first.
Images of Cas’s face flit through Dean’s head, all of them with wide eyes and parted lips. Dean feels heat climbing up his cheeks and ducks his head, anxiously tapping his fingers against the tabletop. “I don’t know about that,” Dean mumbles, because it’s one thing to want to kiss Cas, and another to actually do it once or twice, and then a wholly separate third thing to do it in front of other people. People who might take it the wrong way.
,” and Castiel kisses him, kisses him, kisses him, until Dean comes as well, and since Dean is, has always been, and always will be more vocal, Castiel swallows the sounds he makes, and holds on tight.
He keeps stroking through the aftershocks, until Cas slumps against his chest and his own breathing starts to even out. That’s when Dean wraps both arms around Cas’s shoulders and holds him close, not caring about the mess on his hand, especially since Cas’s shirt is probably already ruined. Cas sighs softly, returning the gesture and they stay like this for a few long moments, just breathing one another in.
With that, she turns to leave, shutting the door behind her. Castiel stares at the clothes again, and sighs. He had bought these clothes for graduation, and only brought them to Sileas in case he needed semi-formal clothes for more than one event. Now that he thinks about it, this choice confirms Dean’s involvement - Castiel wore parts of his prom outfit on their first date back in May. Anna had helped him put that together as well, and even though Dean wouldn’t care, Anna is the type who wouldn’t want Castiel to wear the same outfit twice.
He wants to ask if she knows anything of home, if Michael and Lucifer are still ruling together or if they’ve been overthrown by Raphael, or if one has begun to dominate the other, or perhaps better news… but they’re interrupted by a knock at the door. Hannah glances at him, and with a defeated sigh, Castiel gestures for her to go ahead and answer it. Whoever it is is going to think what they think, and Castiel can handle the fallout.
“This is Dean,” Cas continues, not taking his eyes off Meg, and Dean immediately decides that he hates that reverent tone of voice, and that sick, simpering glow in Cas’s eyes.
The girls are seated on a bench near the edge of the boardwalk, staring out at the ocean and apparently having a cheerful conversation. Probably about their stupid bands. So Dean orders a small iced coffee and sips it as he approaches, sliding into the space next to Jo and resting his arm around her shoulders.
“Well, we’re not going home,” Lisa says, swinging her legs over the tailgate. She stumbles when she slides off, laughs at herself, and forcefully pushes Cas away when he reaches to help her. “No thanks, buddy. C’mon, Dean.”
Bela scoots down the seat, sitting close enough that their thighs touch, and though she does nothing else until the car pulls up outside the movie theater, Castiel can’t stop thinking about the heat simmering in his blood from her proximity. Is she just playing a game with him, or is she actually flirting? Castiel knows a couple of girls at school who are infatuated with him, but one of them tends to just blush and giggle whenever he’s nearby, and the other acts out, brash and bossy, to get his attention. It’s not this subtle intent, which Bela seems to work as almost an artform.
Lisa grins outright, then turns back to the group, her hand on her hip. There’s something odd about her smile, and Dean manages to follow her gaze this time, but it’s just Jo, Charlie, and Cas on the end of it, and all three of them are smirking. Then, Cas grabs Jo and starts to twist his hips, effectively distracting her as she attempts to copy his moves without taking her eyes off his jeans. Dean blinks, then turns back to Lisa. “Tomorrow?” he asks again.
He climbs into the driver’s seat and slams the door, then turns back to his phone, anxiously flipping it open and closed.
“Yeah, well, Cas made it very clear he doesn’t want to talk to you.” Gabe narrows his eyes, lifting his chin to look Dean in the eye. “And even if he decided he wanted to, I’d stop him from doing so. Because that’s what older brothers are supposed to do: protect their younger siblings from assholes like you.”
Castiel’s fingers are sliding in and out easily, so he adds a fourth just to be sure, and leans over Dean’s body to give himself leverage. “Is this good?” he asks, like he can’t hear the way Dean is panting, can’t see how Dean’s hips roll back towards the intrusion. Dean can’t even muster up the air to answer; he just tilts his head to see Castiel’s crooked smile, and whines softly.
“Daniel lives in the village with his mate now,” Hannah answers. “Inias and Hester own a shop in town. Rachel, Muriel, and Hael still work in the castle. We are all… very satisfied.” Her tone of voice suggests that they’re far beyond satisfaction, but Castiel can understand the need to understate. The happier you are, the easier it is to lose that happiness, and these omegas know that better than anyone. Satisfaction is something to celebrate too, after all they’ve been through.
Dean and Mary’s voices are echoing in the kitchen, but Castiel can’t make out any specific words. That's probably for the best, considering the immediate silence that falls when Sam enters the kitchen, Jess in tow, and the way Dean’s back straightens when Castiel pauses in the entryway.
, and it weighs on him like a stone because he had to push it. Dean pushed the issue, and Cas overreacted, and now here they are. Shut out. Again.
. He felt hollowed out and stuffed with barbed wire, a constant poking and prodding, a reminder of how he had so vehemently defended his desire to be with Dean, only to turn around and run as soon as Dean confirmed that he wanted the same thing.
Jo is seated at her laptop, messing around with her playlists while an energetic beat pumps through the speakers. She lifts her head to meet Castiel’s gaze, just as Dean is wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist and rolling his hips to the tempo. Jo makes a face and rolls her eyes, but as she focuses on the screen again, Castiel can see a tiny smile on her face, and he happily accepts the vibrant kiss Dean offers, as a celebration of being absolved.
“You slut,” she accuses, though she smiles as soon as the words have left her mouth. She’s teasing him, and from the way she shifts to make room, she clearly wants to hear all about his date. But the words strike a chord in Castiel’s chest, and he waves her away, swiftly walking past her into the private bedroom, closing the door before she can say anything else.
It has to be the heat affecting him. Getting into his head and making him far too attached to this strange savior alpha.
The best part is when she comes, when her nails dig into his scalp and she makes a soft, choked noise, her toes pressed against his back. Dean lifts his head as she relaxes, grinning, rising up to take his turn.
Dean blinks at her, his face contorting into a pout. “We can’t afford that-” he starts, but Mary reaches over the countertop and gently grips his hand.
For the first time since he met her, Mildred frowns, pointedly reaching up to drop her own bag on top of Castiel’s. “You can’t be bringing Dean cold eggs and bacon,” she says matter-of-factly, and Castiel has no choice but to follow her as she navigates through the tables to the door.
Cas tilts his head, looking ready to protest when Meg appears next to him, all wild curls and bright red lips. “Don’t look fine, Dean-o,” she purrs, slipping her hand into Cas’s, as she keeps her eyes on Dean’s face. “Looked like you were having a mental break in the middle of the party.”
and lets him hold it, lets him stroke his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles, lets Dean attempt to soothe him. “I never… it’s
Dean calls that afternoon, as promised. Unfortunately, it's while Castiel is sitting in the kitchen with Bela, watching her fix her make-up. He'd rather be doing anything else, especially sleeping (and if he can get away with it, he might fall asleep right here at the table), but again, his mother and the senator have decided their children should be friends and shooed them off on their own, completely oblivious to the fact that Bela and Castiel have nothing in common outside their wealth.
“I don’t mind! You’re my best friend, of course I want to help you out and make sure you’re safe,” Cas rushes to clarify. “But I just… when shit goes down, when you’re drunk or scared or upset, shouldn’t…” He swallows. “Shouldn’t you be calling Lisa?”
Castiel rolls his eyes, ready to tell Charlie not to speak in references he doesn’t understand, but Dean reaches out and grips his shoulder, green eyes wide.
“No.” Anna scowls, taking a sip of her own drink before standing up. “I’ve been too nice to you already.” She hesitates before quietly adding, “You really hurt him, Dean. All that stuff you said, about getting better? That’s great for you, but you didn’t see him that day. I’ve never seen my brother like that, and I don’t ever want to see him like that again.” She shuffles her feet, one hand in the pocket of her jeans. “You have no idea.”
is what Dean wanted when he saw Castiel’s cottage again: to be swept up and adored. Sure, they really don’t know that much about each other, and Dean is well aware that Cas knows more about him than he knows about Cas, but the
Castiel turns to look, to see that it’s just Dean, and the rest of this terrible crew is still in their circle a few yards away. “They let you go?” Cas asks quietly, holding the gate open for Dean to follow him through. Dean meets his eyes, and it’s the most intensely pitiful thing Castiel has ever seen.
“Ugh, thank God,” she groans, tugging at the collar of her shirt, and that’s when Castiel realizes that both she and Benny are in white dress shirts, black slacks, and aprons. Like waiters. He can’t help laughing, shaking his head at Dean.
“Was that Kyriel?” Castiel breathes. A blush crawls up Dean’s neck as he clutches the notebook to his chest.
The door closes firmly behind him, and for a moment, Dean just stands there, forcing his mind into a blank slate, not willing to process what just happened until he’s safely locked in his bedroom at home. But, as he starts walking towards the elevator, something keeps knocking in his head. He thinks it’s just all that darkness, the little voices that will get so much pleasure out of telling him,
I hope you guys enjoy though, and make sure to bookmark here or at the series so that you know when the update comes! Hopefully it'll be here by the end of September :) You don't wanna miss it!
“Why?” She sounds suspicious. Of course she does. They were fighting, but the thing they were fighting about, well, it’s not a problem anymore.
Cas watches him closely for a few moments, then gets up off the bed. He pauses by the record player to lift the needle, then grabs Dean’s sketchbook and flips through the pages. Dean tenses when Cas stops, but then a smile lights up Cas’s face, and Dean finds himself smiling too.
Cas does the same, and even avoids touching Dean’s fingers when he passes it over. “The mural you painted, next to Bobby’s shop…” He trails off, silence filling the kitchen, with tension on its heels. Dean can feel it, sitting heavy on his shoulders, crackling in the air behind his neck, and he knows that he can’t tell the truth. God only knows how Cas would react to what Dean has just learned about himself, and Dean would rather they remain friends than lose him forever.
Castiel tucks his phone and wallet into his hoodie’s pocket, then uses the helpfully provided pen and notepad on the bedside table to leave Dean a quick note, in case he wakes up while Castiel is gone:
But Dean spent a lot of time in denial about John’s addiction and his indiscriminate visits, about his broken promises and indulgent apologies. It’s harder to smile and say it’s not a big deal when he thinks about how Adam is going to have a father in his life. He’s never going to go through the things that Dean went through, God willing. And Dean doesn’t wish that on the kid. He really doesn’t.
Dean’s heart stops. He jumps between anger and guilt and confusion, before clearing his throat and settling on a casual tone. “Lisa Braeden? I haven’t talked to her in years.”
The tension is heavy and immediate. Dean sinks under it, and when he opens his eyes he sees that Cas has too. In fact, Cas is leaning away, putting distance between them, his hands curled into his chest, his torso bent over his lap. He’s not looking at Dean anymore, and the heel of his foot is tapping anxiously against the floor.
so what do I have to be jealous of? In fact, I’m actually glad that you have him. He looks out for you.”
Castiel raises his eyebrows, taken aback. This girl is too clever for someone who must spend her days washing clothes and baking bread.
Cas and Meg are standing right in front of Dean’s mural. The overdramatic schlock Dean threw together when he was still a pit of misery after being dumped by Lisa and cutting ties with Cas. Meg is pointing up at the clouds, tracing her finger down a bolt of lightning, while Cas tilts his head and studies the lone figure in a rowboat, facing down a storm of god-like proportions.
“Who sings this?” Dean asks, setting out empty cups and the table number. Cas playfully rolls his eyes.
Luckily, Ellen chooses that moment to arrive with a tray of milkshakes, setting them on the table before turning to Lisa and saying, “Don’t you know you’re too pretty for a lug like Dean?”
Meg smiles back at him, like she knows something he doesn’t. Cas just wraps his arms around her neck and presses a kiss to her wild hair.
that Dean would be willing to take that step with a father he’s only just starting to reconcile with.
Neither portrait seems particularly painful, except in the sense that Castiel is worried that Dean could actually see himself as either one of these things. “Dean…”
Michael is up when Castiel sneaks in just after dawn. His nice clothes are rumpled and dirty, but his oldest brother just gives him a proud, knowing smile, and turns back to his coffee, allowing Castiel an opportunity to slip into his room. He’s too tired to think about it at that moment, but later, after a few hours of dreamless sleep, he realizes what Michael must have thought, and is immediately disgusted.
Finally, a soft noise, but with the distortion, Castiel can’t tell if it’s a laugh or a sigh. No words come with it.
Cas leans over and puts a hand on the back of Dean's neck. The touch is warm and soothing, and if Dean forgets to breathe for two seconds, when Cas's thumb brushes his hairline, then no one needs to know. "You can have anything you want, Dean," Cas says slowly, carefully. "You're clever and capable and talented. I," he swallows, "I'll help you, if you need me to."
It takes a moment, but finally Dean’s smile starts to look more genuine. Shy. But genuine. “You really think so?”
A few minutes later, Cas rips the sheet from the pad, folds it into quarters, and drops it on Dean’s chest before settling down next to him, their heads tilted towards each other. “Don’t read it until you get home. Okay?” Cas mumbles. Dean picks up the little square, smiling to himself.
Gabriel frowns, raising an eyebrow. “Yeah. Wasn’t my thing, clearly, but it’s helped with getting the bakery started. Why?”
Castiel watches him go, absently fiddling with his fingers as he tries to decide what the best course of action is. Clearly, Dean doesn’t want him here, so a part of him wants to just leave. But Sam and Bela had both said this separation was affecting Dean, and Castiel doesn’t want to be the one who sends Dean into another downward spiral.
Jo keeps staring at the ceiling, and now Sam is staring at her in confusion, having finally picked up on his friends’ discomfort. Charlie leans over and grips both of Castiel’s shoulders, shoving him forward slightly as she says, “Aaron, this is Castiel. You know.
Sure, he’s leaving, and they don’t know when they’ll see each other again. But huge, new strides have been made, settling them in a new territory that feels much safer and more comfortable, despite the uncertainty that comes with it. Castiel leans back in his chair, forgoing the book to let himself daydream about the future again, about that Victorian home in Portland, with the porch swing and the big yard, and building a family with Dean at his side.
He lifts Dean’s hips, not quite high enough to present, and presses Dean’s thighs tight together. Dean allows himself to be moved without complaint, and this show of trust and submission just lights Castiel up inside, brings all those unobtainable dreams forward again. For these few, stolen moments, Dean is Castiel’s omega, and Castiel is Dean’s alpha. They may as well be mated, and Castiel lets himself be taken by the fantasy as he slides his cock into the space between Dean’s thighs.
“Hey, frisky,” says Dean, voice hoarse with sleep. Castiel reaches for him again, kisses him sweetly, until Dean leans in to his touch with a soft gasping noise.
Lisa is silent, at first. Dean finally gets his feet under him and pulls himself up before turning around. Lilith is smirking up at him, blonde hair falling around her shoulders. Ruby is far more interested in the Stoli. Azazel sits stoically at Alastair’s side, glaring up at Dean while Alastair is busy with his notebook, adding up sales and payments to determine who needs to be attended to tonight.
“I know,” Dean cuts him off, still smiling, rubbing his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles. “I know you don’t, don’t worry about it. Here.” Dean releases Castiel’s hand and nudges the next painting in the stack, his mouth stretching into a grin. “Take the next one. I think you’ll like it.”
“It doesn’t matter how you justify it, Dean,” Castiel cuts him off. “Whatever you tell yourself to make it okay, it doesn’t matter. It
Mary asks appropriate questions about where they went and what they saw, and carries the conversation by adding stories that Dean failed to tell, of when they took her parents on a similar trip down the coast. As the night goes on, Castiel starts to worry about whether or not Mary has to work in the morning, and mentions it.
, and he clutches the hem of Dean’s shirt, holding him in place as he plants a kiss on Dean’s mouth.
This time, Dean’s laugh actually sounds real, and he manages to keep his smile on as he says, “Shut the fuck up, at least I have a car.”
“Allows me to hunt, yes. I usually do that anyway, but never quite so thoroughly before that rut.” Castiel sighs, completely unaware of how put out Dean is that he missed that opportunity. “I think my instincts were aggravated by your heat- they were hoping to attract you into coming back.”
There’s a hollow sort of feeling in Dean’s chest when she says it, and he rubs his free hand over his face before shaking his head. “Cares more about you.”
Some of them are actual hard copies or canvases that Castiel just snapped a picture of for safekeeping, while others are pictures that Dean proudly texted to him, artwork that Castiel will never see in person because Dean still likes to give them away, no matter how much Castiel and Benny and Sonny tell him to hold onto his paintings for a portfolio or gallery.
Castiel stares at him for a long moment, then looks to Benny and Charlie again. “Am I under arrest?”
Sam snorts and shakes his head. “Grandma’s recipes are all in that bookcase over there.” He gestures vaguely towards the wall behind him, where a few sagging bookcases are situated. “Mom just wanted a few minutes alone with Dean.” His eyes follow Jess as she crosses the room to grab another chair and drag it over next to him before taking a seat in it, where they smile at one another again. “That’s okay, ‘cause I wanted a few minutes alone with you, Castiel.”
Castiel yells, taken by surprise, and twists around only to find Charlie laughing at him. “What’s got you all jumpy, Finster?” She says, shoving at his shoulder. Castiel frowns.
“I like cooking.” Dean turns away from Sam and takes a few quick breaths through his nose. “Did the landline ring while I was on the phone with Cas?”
, Dean,” Sam outright yells. “He’s not taking you seriously, and you’re just letting him bury it. Have some fucking respect for Cas, if not yourself!”
Cas and Charlie are supposed to join him today, which makes it even better. He’d tried to get Lisa to come, but she’s agreed to spend a few days a week in Portland with her mom, and therefore isn’t available as often as Dean had hoped she’d be. He wants her to meet Cas so badly, and he can’t even explain why. He just wants Lisa to like Cas, that’s all.
“Fan-fucking-tastic!” Dean answers cheerfully. Ruby giggles and reaches for the bottle in his lap; he quickly twists away from her, and loses his balance, rolling onto his stomach. The bottle falls free and Ruby grabs it up, sticking her tongue out at Dean, then passing it to Lilith. Dean grunts as he tries to sit up again. “Lis, babe, it’s late, I know, but I just had to call you.”
“Maybe it’s time for a change,” Cas says quietly, and in his proximity, his nose brushes against Dean’s, who exhales in surprise. He tries to lean away, but ends up almost losing his balance, until Cas releases his hands and wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, tugging him even closer. “Dean,” he says, biting his lower lip. “I don’t want to talk about this yet. I’m not ready.”
“Don’t use that beta talk on me, Mary, this is important.” John gestures towards Cas, an angry red tone starting to crawl up his neck. “If it’s so easy for him to walk away from his vows, how can I expect him to remain loyal to Winchester?” The flush spreads across his nose and forehead. “To
Dean hesitates, then manages to smile. “So Charlie’s told you about her, y’know…” He awkwardly waves a hand through the air, making Cas chuckle.
Sam and the king had been concerned too, but they were less emotional about it. Sam had hung onto him like a monkey for a little while, but then he had studying to do and spells to cast. John had actually hugged Dean and welcomed him back, before immediately bringing up some alpha marquis near the sea, who was looking for an omega to sit at his side and bear a few pups.
“I’m not sure if now’s the best time for something like this,” John says. “I mean, Adam’s right here.”
“If Castiel and Dean aren’t actually in a relationship, then maybe we don’t have to worry about it. Feelings can change, we can set him up with someone else, maybe Bela, until it all goes away-”
There’s fingers in his hair, and whoever it is pulls too tight, drawing his head back and making him cry out, but then Dean is there, tugging him free and snarling, “Don’t you lay a fucking finger on him.”
“Oh, so you just wanted to fucking use me? Like a patched-up little teddy bear, something soulless and soft to cling to in the dark?”
Castiel tilts his head towards Dean, turns just enough to press a kiss to the corner of his mouth when the elevator dings. “Do you want to come to the room?” He asks as they step inside.
Missouri is still watching them closely, and she leans forward to put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Deep breaths,” she says. Her eyes dart to Castiel. “You too. Slowly. Inhale and exhale in four.”
“Yeah, well, you were right. Great job, Einstein.” Dean makes a mocking little bow, which sets Lisa into a fit of giggles. Cas’s eyebrow twitches, but he takes another step forward anyway.
So when Dean reaches for him, Castiel recoils. He fumbles with the door handle before it suddenly swings open, almost dropping him to the ground. That shakes Castiel up enough that he can look at Dean, who looks back with a wounded and confused expression, almost like a dog that’s just been told it was bad. And Castiel almost laughs at that, because there couldn’t be a more perfect comparison to Dean if he tried. Dean is the bad dog who just wants to love him so much that he forgot he’s not allowed on the furniture.
Omegas in heat are sensitive. This one seems like he would deny it to the ends of the earth, but it’s still true. They need constant care and affection, to feel needed even as they need someone else to ensure their comfort. In this sense, Castiel failed his omega. They don’t need knots, necessarily - most omegas, in Castiel’s experience, use toys or their own hands when the fever peaks - but they do need the attention. Touch. Petting. Constant confirmation that they are safe and adored.
"I have high hopes for you, Castiel," Michael continues. "You do so well in school, you always listen when Mother or I need your help. I was willing to let you continue your extracurricular activities, but if it's just going to make you behave like this, then maybe I'll have to talk to Mother about letting you back on the track team in the fall."
“You should,” Cas suggests. “I don’t think Sam wants your life to revolve around him. And I don’t think your mother wants that for you either.”
Cas stares at him, lips parted, and in the silence, Dean finally realizes what he’s said. The horror sinks into him slowly, followed by embarrassment and conviction that Cas will turn him away at this point, for good, and Dean will never see him again. Because his stupid mouth got ahead of him and started insisting on things that Dean has no right to insist on, and-
Castiel lifts his head, meeting Dean’s eyes and cocking an eyebrow. He blows cool air against Dean’s entrance, making him jump again. “Alpha makes the call.”
“That’s what I’m talkin’ about,” Dean mumbles, sounding incredibly pleased with himself. Castiel huffs and reaches to pull a blanket over them, only for Dean to kick it away. “If you’re cold, c’mere.”
“I can go,” Cas interjects, gesturing at the door. “I didn’t know Dean was being punished, so it’s my fault. I can leave.”
“The entire resort is private property, and Castiel is still a minor, so his invitations are invalid.”
“Yeah. There are lots of texts waiting for you on that thing, but Dean was the one being persistently nasty, so he’s the one I figured would want to hear it.”
wanted us to be ready. And like I already told you, this is how I got to be ready. I didn’t want to freak out on you in the middle of trying something new, I didn’t want to put all that on you!”
Something digs into Castiel's side, then falls across his stomach, flashing pain that forces him to sit up with a yelp. It's a scrawny boy, with dark hair falling into his eyes, and he accidentally steps on Castiel's fingers as he attempts to right himself.
Lisa closes her eyes, and for a moment there’s so much pain in her features that Dean isn’t sure what to do. He wishes he could press his fingertips to her forehead and leech all that pain onto himself. As it stands, he feels it anyway, but he can’t take it from her, make her feel better. “You don’t have to be afraid of losing me,” he says softly. He loves her. Love doesn’t just…
“I like when you call me that,” Castiel says, hardly recognizing his own voice as he pulls Dean back in and kisses him fiercely. Their bodies line up under the covers, and Dean whines when Castiel ruts into him.
He pauses at the front door, glancing over his shoulder at the kitchen entryway. Lucifer is yelling about wanting to live his own life, threatening to move to a commune in San Francisco, and Castiel rolls his eyes as he reaches for the doorknob. So Lucifer is allowed to dream about a boho life surrounded by artists, but Castiel has to stay in line and do as Mother says? What a hypocrite.
“Anna was really excited about it.” Dean chuckles, sticking his hands in his pockets. Castiel can’t help staring at the picture he makes. He’s like a model, dressed so nice but posing so casual, and he doesn’t even realize it. “I just wanted her to let us in the building, but she was full of ideas, and I guess your brothers had trouble saying no to her.” He shrugs, turning to look at Castiel, whose stomach suddenly starts swooping. “They’re still up there, by the way.”
Dean opens his eyes. Everyone turns to stare at Castiel, but of course they do, because they weren’t there that first morning when Castiel told Dean how grateful he was. It’s a strange, heavy moment, with everyone waiting to see how Dean reacts, as Dean decides how he’s going to react. Castiel has figured out by now, these kids, the Goonies, they show their affection through touch and through teasing, and Castiel’s honesty is peculiar and not entirely welcome. Especially with Dean.
“So you had sex with him so often that Sheriff Mills was ready to take you in for public indecency, but he’s not your boyfriend. Right. And I’m
Dean leads the way up the ladder, with Castiel close behind. He allows Dean to help him off the last step and onto the floor, and loses his breath as soon as he lifts his head.
about having sex with someone else. And if Dean can ignore his feelings and have sex with Aaron, if all their friends can understand it, what’s wrong with Castiel if he can’t?
Then Cas’s eyes flicker towards Dean’s, and Dean turns his attention back to the movie, determined to ignore the itch in his hands, the desire to draw his friend in this light, just like this. A question pushes to the forefront of Dean’s brain:
Castiel just looks confused again, but Dean is warmed by his worry, by the simple thoughtfulness to hurry and get Dean a drink. Cas is a kind alpha, sweet and true, and his reaction to the pup’s existence is probably the last thing Dean needs to worry about. So he takes another drink, then hands his glass to Charlie.
Dean chuckles and relaxes right into Castiel’s touch, like it’s the easiest thing in the world. Castiel envies that, wishing he could always do the same. Even right now, initiating affection all on his own, it’s hard to get comfortable and resist that urge to pull away. He still doesn’t understand where this comes from, but over the past few days he’s found that if he pushes through the initial discomfort, it eventually goes away, and he and Dean can quite happily cuddle in together for hours.
Sonny studies the canvas as well, thoughtfully stroking his moustache in a way that might be creepy if Dean wasn’t already so fond of the guy. “Sketch is good,” Sonny says absently. “You’re still a little locked in those comic books, but you’re working your way out.” He glances at Dean’s pallete and frowns. “What’s the blue for?”
Castiel turns to Dean, who pops a browned marshmallow in his mouth before defensively putting his hands up. "Don't look at me, I'm with her on this."
What an incredible omega Dean is. What a strange sort of alpha Castiel is that he’s not just enamored with this display, but turned on by it as well.
Despite all this, Castiel is still pouting at the mirror as if it has personally offended him, so Dean chuckles to himself and goes to wrap an arm around Cas’s waist. “Hey there, Prince Charming, what’s new?”
Dean hesitates before saying, “Me too.” Another pregnant pause, then, slowly, “We could take one together?”
“Ooo, I’m shaking in my boots.” Meg rolls her eyes again and hooks her arm through Cas’s, leaning in to him easily, like they’re close like this all the time. Cas doesn’t even blink at her behavior, which strikes Dean as even weirder; Cas used to be so shy when it came to girls. Charlie and Pam would climb all over him, and he’d turn bright pink and practically run away. It was pretty cute, actually, and Dean had kind of enjoyed being the one Cas ran to.
“Come inside, Castiel. We need to discuss your behavior.” Michael’s voice is tempered but firm; if a fight erupts, it won’t be out here on the porch. Castiel turns to Jody, who looks back at him with sympathy, as if she wants to interfere but can’t. An angry mother or brother is not necessarily an abusive one, although Castiel is sure if he told her he felt unsafe, she’d take him straight back into town.
Missouri is smiling too when Dean sits up straight, easing away from her touch. He smiles back at her, then turns back to Castiel. “You don’t trust your mom, and you don’t trust me. I get it now.” He rubs a hand over his mouth, then aims a charming grin at Missouri. “Trust issues. I don’t blame him, though.”
It doesn’t matter anyway, Dean tells himself. He’s dating Lisa now, and apparently Cas has somebody in mind too. Neither of them are gay and it was just a stupid drunk accident.
Lisa peers at him, her expression so like Cas’s that Dean would laugh under different circumstances. “
Sam crawls off the bed and stands next to it, crossing his arms over his chest. “That’s tradition, too,” he says, attempting to pull the blanket off of Dean. “You’re just usually sleeping alone when I do it.”
Dean is gorgeous. He’s in his element, a paragon of blossoming sexuality, comfortable in his body and with his desires for Castiel.
), but when Baby protects Johnny by admitting to their affair, Castiel tightens his hold around Dean’s waist and takes a soft, shuddering breath.
Dean rolls his eyes, turning to head back towards the bonfire, where there is indeed an extra silhouette, apparently chatting with someone. Castiel briefly worries that Bela could be spilling all of Dean’s secrets, but a part of him doubts she would be so catty. She had sought Castiel out to apologize, after all, and her own secrets are wrapped up with Dean’s. Maybe she’s not all that unlike Dean, putting up a facade in front of certain people, just to make it through the day.
“Dean, he’s not going to do anything,” Cas insists. He puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder, and it’s steadying, comforting, all at once, enough that Dean can take a few deep breaths. “I promise you. Tell him you’re done and hang up.”
He can hear Impala snuffling around outside, and the sound of buzzing and humming. He hasn’t seen Castiel’s garden, but as much time as Castiel spends outside, it must be beautiful. Full of flowers and bees, which probably explains the alpha’s weird smell. Dean wonders which came first, the smell or the garden, and takes a moment to daydream about pulling Castiel close enough to get a whiff of his scent gland, straight from the source. Slick leaks out of him at the same time his stomach rumbles, and he groans in frustration.
It’s real. Dean’s heart skips a beat and his cheeks flush pink and he can’t help smiling as he stands back to let Cas in. All those stupid cliches, they’re real, and they’re happening, and Dean’s panicking in the back of his mind, but overwhelming all of that is his absolute contentment that Cas is finally near him again.
This isn’t entirely true. The Milton family visits the seaside town of Sileas, Oregon every summer, staying in their own personal bungalow at the resort just outside of town. There are several other families there that the Milton children are expected to make nice with. But with their parents gone most of the time, the Miltons rarely make it beyond pleasantries, exchanging nods and maybe a smile or two. They keep to themselves, as long as they can get away with it, and prefer it that way.
“Probably not.” She shifts her shoulders again and sighs, watching as Cas finally turns his back on the mural and heads back to her side. “It’s still a pretty good painting, though.”
“Shut up,” Dean growls, tugging at his sleeves and turning towards the fence. Ruby is sitting in the corner, another glass bottle in another brown bag bunched up in her hand, taking a long pull as Castiel watches. He wonders, briefly, how it’s so easy for them to get so much liquor, before his attention returns to Dean. To clenched fists and tense shoulders. And though Bela purses her lips and Lilith hides a smile behind her hand, Castiel still steps closer to Dean and puts a hand on his arm, trying to catch his eye.
Dean says nothing, but his arm does wrap itself around Castiel’s shoulder, drawing him closer. Despite himself, Castiel appreciates this, and continues speaking: “They don’t care that you’re a boy, on a personal level, but my uncle’s business makes our relationship a problem that Michael needs to either solve or sweep away.”
Once inside, they’re greeted by a cheerful hostess. She’s wearing black slacks and sensible shoes, and Castiel feels a brief twinge of guilt, reminded that this is what Dean considers a step up. God forbid he ever set foot in the restaurant at the resort. But the view from their table is as gorgeous as promised, and Dean looks amazing in the pink and purple light of the setting sun, even if he keeps tugging at the collar of his shirt and frowning at the limited menu.
“No,” Dean says quickly, sitting up. “I mean, I don’t want to break up with her, but y’know, she’s the one who saw me lose it on some random partygoer, so the ball’s in her court.”
Cas makes a noise that could be either an admonishment or a stifled laugh, and Dean frowns in annoyance. She’s not wrong. There’s a reason Dean is so embarrassed by this painting, and Meg just summed it all up and wrapped it with a bow of sarcasm.
On the one hand, Dean is still getting used to people seeing his artwork. After Cas had seemed so impressed, Dean had finally started letting Sam watch over his shoulder as he sketched. Then he would show his mom some of the pieces he put a little more effort in to. And during school, he’d show Charlie and Jo his fanart, blushing bright red when they inevitably screamed in delight over hobbits and slayers and angels.
Dean raises his hand, ready to knock one more time. He can’t hear anything on the other side of the door, but Anna’s words start ringing in his ears: You’ve done enough.
Castiel gathers his courage, and tilts his head so that they’re not looking at one another dead-on anymore. “Even if it’s that I might be gay?” He challenges, proud of himself for keeping his voice steady.
Dean asks for an IPA, but changes it to a Dr. Pepper float when Jo flips him off. Everyone else just wants refills, and Charlie volunteers to accompany Jo and help her carry everything. Dean takes the now empty space next to Cas and grins at him, gently elbowing him in the side. “Are you gonna be able to escape tomorrow?”
Between kisses, Castiel sighs, “Dean,” and Dean hums against his lips. “Dean, what are we doing tonight.”
“Gross, Dean,” Sam groans. Dean frowns and throws a balled-up napkin at him, which Sam easily bats away. “Mom works here, don’t-”
“I don’t need to go into town,” chirps Anna. She’s seated on the couch behind him, and Castiel would swear she’d been listening to her iPod when he came into the room, but when he turns around, she’s squinting at him, earbuds draped around her neck. “Don’t involve me in your attempts to avoid people.”
Mary is practically beaming, her hands clasped at her bosom. Sam sends Dean a strange, exasperated look that Castiel doesn’t understand, but Dean just glares at his brother, a clear and silent order to keep his mouth shut.
The spell isn’t quite broken, but Cas pulls back just enough to squint at Dean, studying his face intently, like Dean is a particularly rare and unstable animal. The expression makes Dean laugh again, moving his hand to Cas’s shoulder, squeezing gently. This startles Cas, but the surprise only registers for a split second before Cas has schooled his face back into something serious.
“Hey, so….” Dean fidgets, hands in his pockets as he looks up and down the street, swinging back on his heels. “Hi, um. How are you?”
It’s confirmed just a minute later, when Dean saunters through the door with a grin. “Anybody hungry?” He says, showcasing the white bags with take-out trays in his hands before heading for the kitchen. Sam pushes away from the window to follow, and Castiel rolls off the bed to do the same.
“If Sam starts dating that girl,” Castiel comments suddenly, “Dean would give him money to treat her with.”
“Hey,” says Dean, and when Castiel can almost hear the smile on his face, it brings a helpless smile to his own. “Hey, Cas, hey, um… how are you?”
Castiel drops his napkin onto his plate, sets his fork aside, and clears his throat. John sighs and rolls his eyes, but he gives Castiel his attention anyway.
To be honest, though, Cas looks like a painting right now, brooding in the dim light, his hand tucked under his chin. Dean’s hands almost ache for a pen, even if all he does is sketch this onto a napkin, something to help him remember how to capture this moment in his sketchbook later. He’s only shaken out of his latest Study of Castiel Milton when someone clears their throat next to the table, and Cas turns to smile.
Cas hanging out with some faceless, rich asshole his parents probably love, watching all the movies Dean wanted to introduce him to. Spending time with people of his own station, people who won’t tell him all the important behind the scenes things, who won’t engage him in a discussion about the cinematography or the animation or the music.
Bela huffs and puts her hands on her hips once she realizes Castiel isn’t going to speak. “Jo says he’s a wreck.”
Her eyes narrow, and Dean braces himself for a fight, but to his surprise, Charlie just storms away without another word, her hair a cloud of red against a bright blue sky. Cas sighs softly as he watches her go.
He has a million questions he wants to ask, but all of them pose the risk of toppling the house of cards his friendship with Cas is currently built on. Cas is looking at him expectantly, like he wants to be praised for his choice in a girlfriend, but all Dean can say is, “Do you really like her?”
Dean sends Charlie ahead to make sure everything is ready when Castiel arrives, but even with the fine horse and the beautiful clothes and Dean’s own words, the news doesn’t really sink in until they arrive at the village, just before sundown.
Dean lifts his head and stills Castiel’s hips, settling them on his lap and dragging his hands down Castiel’s thighs. “What kind of alone time are we talking about?”
person. Assuming that Dean is pining away, waiting patiently for Castiel to get his head out of his ass, and believing that this is an okay thing for one person to do to another… it’s disgusting.
“May I ask what the hell is going on?” Balthazar finally calls from the kitchen. He’s cooking something; Cas can smell meat, and maybe cheese, as he stands and heads for the entryway. “It’s the first week of classes and you’re taking a last-minute trip to see your poor, neglected boyfriend, is that what I heard?”
Dean glances at Castiel, who shrugs. Naomi has been consistent and vocal about making things right with her children all summer long, and although Castiel still isn’t sure he trusts her motives, he can’t think of a reason for Dean to say no. “It’s up to you,” Castiel says quietly. Dean huffs and runs a hand through his hair.
“Cas.” He’s smiling now, but Castiel wishes he wasn’t. That smile is familiar in a way that makes his breath catch in his throat, because he hasn’t seen Dean look like that since his time with Alastair. It’s an awful, painful thing that Dean puts on when he’s trying to convince everyone that he’s fine, and Castiel’s chest seizes when he realizes that he’s the one who put it there. “It’s cool. Don’t worry about me.”
“I could hear the party from the other end of town,” Cas says, and his eyes are serious even though he manages to smile slightly. “I thought I might run into you here.”
“Nah, Alastair is throwing this big blow-out party on the beach, so everybody can have some fun before school starts. You should meet me there.”
Castiel growls at that, and suddenly Dean is being lifted into the air. Castiel is on his feet, carrying Dean again, practically running back to the cabin. “I thought-” Dean starts, but Castiel just growls again.
Chuck shrugs, eyes on the road as he tries to figure out the lay of the land. “You don’t know where this place is, do you?”
Still, Castiel recoils. He leans back, almost jerking his hand away from Dean’s skin, staring at the omega in horror. Dean manages a weak smile, but it doesn’t help. Castiel almost jumps to his feet, knocking his chair back, and his eyes dart around the room, searching for an escape. He shifts his weight, and when Dean realizes that Castiel is about to run, a terrible whine rips its way from his throat.
“Roadhouse was dead,” Dean answers with a shrug. “Almost all of the orders were take-out, so there wasn’t much for me to do except bring Bobby another glass every now and then.” He rolls his eyes affectionately. Sam pops open one of the take-out trays, and the smell of Buffalo sauce permeates the room. Dean continues, “So I ordered some wings and burgers, then asked if I could go home.”
Dean’s not wrong. He’s coming from the point of view that they should know each other’s comfort zones, what’s okay and what isn’t and what’s only okay to a certain extent. The kind of conversation that mature couples have when they try something new.
So finally, Dean gives in. He steps away from the wall and grabs Cas’s forearms, laughing and spinning him around.
To his surprise, the woman hooks an arm through his, sidling up nice and close. “You just stick with me,” she says with a wink. “I’ll make sure you get what you need.”
Dean turns to Lisa, who flinches under his gaze. Faintly, he can hear Garth and Pam whispering to each other, then sliding out of the booth, and Lisa’s eyes watch them go. Dean just watches Lisa.
Dean turns to look at him, both eyebrows raised. “What?” Castiel’s eyes dart back to the trees, and in the glow of the streetlights, Dean’s cheeks start to color. “Oh. That. Was it what?”
“Dammit, Charlie, you knew I was going out with Lisa tonight.” Dean glances at Lisa, who’s smiling knowingly at him. He’ll forever be impressed by how good she’s been about his friends. She doesn’t quite fit in with the other Goonies yet, but Dean’s convinced she’s his Andy, and all it’ll take is one good adventure to bring her into the fold. “What the hell is so important?”
Mary has other plans, apparently. “No, no, hey, I wanted a chance to talk to you anyway.” She reaches up over the fridge and neatly hides the cigarettes in an old box of Triscuits, then gestures towards the island, patting one of the bar stools there. “Have a seat, sweetie.”
“The fun part is upstairs,” he says, stretching up to reach a string hanging from the ceiling, pulling on it until a folded ladder clatters down towards the floor. “Come on.”
“Excuse me,” Bela pipes up, crossing her arms over her chest. Both boys turn to her, though Dean quickly averts his eyes. “He’s
"So? Fuck it! Come out anyway! We won't be out late or anything, I have to take Sam to soccer practice in the morning and Jo has to help her mom with inventory."
“Okay,” Castiel mumbles, turning back to the horizon. His father doesn’t seem as angry as his mother was, which bodes well. Naomi is the family matriarch, so whatever she says goes. But Chuck has been able to sway her once or twice.
“Here,” and it’s Dean who finds the strength of mind to put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders and gently push him away, putting space between them, but not so much that they can’t still touch each other. “Breathe.”
“What? Oh! No.” Mary smiles and reaches behind her, picking up a frame that was leaning against her chair. “Dean wanted to give you something, I’m just the delivery girl.”
Mary smiles easily, and Castiel furrows his brow as Jo orders for the table. When Mary had said ‘my kids,’ she had seemed to direct it at the entire group, rather than just Dean and Sam. A part of Castiel is baffled by this, trying to write it off as a misunderstanding, or even that she misspoke. Another part, however, is warmed by the idea that this woman could so easily embrace her sons’ friends as if they were her own. She had played with Castiel’s hair as if she had the right to, and he hadn’t even thought to stop her.
So, as they reach their destination, Castiel slips out of Dean’s hold and roughly pushes him against the wall next to the door. Dean blinks in surprise, held there by his shoulders, as Castiel leans in close and whispers, “Does this ruin it?”
It takes a second for Castiel to find his voice, but once he does, school is easy to talk about. Despite the anxiety he’s struggled with, he genuinely likes his new friends, his new track team, and some of his professors. He likes the Rainbow Alliance, and he likes his apartment, a short bike ride away from school, with a view of the lake, a balcony to study on, and right next door to an adorable cafe that he and Daphne like to visit after practice.
Sadness ekes into Jess’s scent as they start up the new staircase, but she won’t look Castiel in the eye until he reaches over to gently take her hand. “I’m sorry,” she says with a soft laugh. “It’s just… the refugees are always like that too. If you’re an alpha and you feel that way, then… it must be a truly terrible place.”
Sonny notices right away, and stops by to stare at the blank canvas with him. “Blocked?” he asks, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean nods slowly.
The realization pushes the breath out of Castiel’s lungs, and he looks helplessly at Dean. “You’re not going to lose me,” he says quickly, apropos of nothing. Dean blinks, his eyebrows rising on his forehead, and Castiel shakes his head. “I mean… if I want space. If I push you away. I’ll…” And he has to fight, almost has to rip the words from his throat, afraid of baring this much to Dean but knowing that it needs to be done: “I’ll always come back. You don’t have to worry about that.”
Dean makes macaroni and cheese for lunch, and though Sam whines about having it again, Cas actually seems pretty pleased.
Jo carefully steps over a pile of bags and clothing, with Castiel following her example, and suddenly they’re in the midst of at least a dozen other people. As promised, there are a few other children Sam’s age, but the rest appear to be teenagers. Jo sticks two fingers in her mouth and whistles, loud enough that Castiel drops her arm to cover his ears. It’s only when she grins at him that he realizes they have everyone’s attention, and he drops his hands again, fidgeting under their curious eyes.
Castiel glances at his brother. He wonders, briefly, if he could actually share this story with Michael, if his oldest brother could give him some real advice. Michael seems to want to reconnect, after all.
“Not yet.” Dean grins and leans over to smack a kiss on Castiel’s cheek. “But we’ll see how tomorrow goes.”
It’s so cheesy, but Castiel feels himself flushing with a giddy sort of pleasure, a smile spreading wide across his face as his heart flutters in his chest.
“Yeah, but…” Dean sighs, pressing the heels of his hands against his eyes, then slowly dropping them, taking and releasing a controlled breath. “The thing with Aaron, it was never a relationship. We get along well, but I never saw him as a boyfriend. I never even thought of him as a
“Other alphas don’t have your god-like self-control,” Dean chuckles, gently dragging his thumb over the inside of Castiel’s wrist. “I’m impressed with you. I mean that. I have a few alpha friends, and I love them, but I can’t say that they wouldn’t give into the temptation you’ve managed to avoid.”
Cas hadn’t moved through that whole rambling ordeal, and it takes a few more seconds before his shoulders tense up, and he jerks his hand away from Dean’s, standing up and walking over to the window, righting the chair, then rubbing his face and he heads back to the clothes carefully lain over the back of the couch. “I can’t do this,” Cas mumbles. “I can’t do this right now, Dean, you have to go. You have to get out of here.”
“Damn it,” Charlie sighs, running both hands through her hair. “Shit. That fucker. I shouldn’t-...” She drags her hands down her freckled face, making little pink lines, and chews on her lower lip before sighing again. “Cas. Aaron’s not
Unfortunately, the reality is that Castiel doesn’t trust Dean when it comes to Aaron. Dean has said over and over again that his experiences with Aaron weren’t romantic, that it was all for education and experience, and Castiel wants to believe him… but he can’t. Because he doesn’t understand how Dean can compartmentalize sex like that, especially when he’s supposed to have feelings for Castiel. He should only want to be with Castiel, right? Castiel only wants to be with Dean. Does this mean that Dean is going to want to continue having sex with other people? If he can -
It feels good to run at this time of night. There’s a chill coming in off the ocean, but as his body warms up, he only notices that the wind feels good on his damp skin. The sun is just starting to set, casting the sky in pinks and oranges, and Sileas is laid out before him, lit up gold. As he turns off Main Street towards the boardwalk, the beach straight ahead, he catches himself smiling at white-capped waves and human silhouettes. There’s something so picturesque about this little town, something that warms him up from the inside and makes him feel invincible.
“Mary?” Castiel calls back, approaching the counter. Once he’s leaning over it, trying to peer back into the kitchen, Mary’s head pops out. Her hair is pulled back in a bun and there’s flour on her cheek and forehead, and she blinks at him in surprise.
Dean fidgets for a moment, apparently uncomfortable, but finally sighs, letting his shoulders drop. “Yeah. Yeah, it’s Ky.” He runs a hand through his hair and tries to smile. “I know he’s new, but he’s already my favorite.”
"Looks like that's our time for today," she says, sliding out of her chair and stretching. "It was good to see you, honey."
What Dean is asking isn’t what he wants to know. Castiel is smart enough, and he knows Dean well enough, to understand that. Dean has been jealous of Balthazar for a long time, and it’s no surprise that this is coming to the forefront again. In fact, Castiel is a little impressed that Dean didn’t bring it up sooner. The question isn’t really about Castiel’s teenage erectile dysfunction as much as it’s about Dean’s insecurities and need to know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Castiel won’t leave him for someone else.
Castiel huffs, smiling slightly. “You want my mouth on you?” When Dean nods, Castiel shakes his head. “You’re awfully bold for an omega. And surprisingly big.”
He reaches out to grab Cas’s wrist, but Cas jerks away, shaking his head. “Yeah and look at how that turned out,” he snaps, turning back to the couch and folding up a few shirts.
Castiel exhales slowly, and runs a hand through his hair. This is his chance. His heart is pounding and it feels like he can’t get enough air, and the only thing he wants to do is hang up on Sam and throw his Blackberry out the window. He has no idea how to handle this situation, especially if Dean is in such a fragile place.
“He slept with someone else,” Castiel mutters. Anna turns to blink at him, and Castiel takes a little pleasure in her surprise. He only woke up a few hours ago, and already it seems like the whole world is against him, just because he decided not to give in to Dean Winchester’s whims. It’s nice to throw one of his detractors off, and maybe now he’ll have the chance to
That’s what he expects. Another ‘I’m sorry,’ wrapped up in all the ways Dean plans to fix things and be better from now on, just like he learned in therapy. He doesn’t expect Dean to suddenly grab his wrist and say, “That first kiss wasn’t an accident.”
“Of course I do,” Castiel says. He can hear the breathless giggle underneath his voice, threatening to come out, and he ducks his head and turns to his plate, embarrassed by his reaction. Sam gags noisily, and Mary reaches across the table to swat his hand, hissing at him to leave them alone.
Castiel blushes despite himself, tucking his chin into his neck. “I, um… I wanted to know if you’d have lunch with me today.”
Mary smiles, reaching over to brush her fingers over his cheek. “How did my pain-in-the-ass son end up with such a sweet kid?”
Castiel describes their surroundings, mentions the fact that Jo, Ash, and Pam are building a bonfire, and hangs up after Bela promises to be there in fifteen.
Now, Cas can discard those kisses. Dean is just his friend, and they were just being stupid kids. He probably told Meg that Bela was his first kiss, or maybe even went whole hog and said he’d never been kissed at all. Now, Meg can be Cas’s first. In bed, too.
Jess claps said hands together, then gestures for Castiel to follow her around the back. As he does, he glances back over his shoulder at Dean, who gives him a small smile and waves, mouthing the words ‘See you soon,’ before he slips out the front gate. Jess grabs Castiel’s wrist, and she laughs when he startles.
Not that there’s much to be anxious about now. It feels like it’s been forever since Castiel was able to run without dreading the end of his route, and the slow re-saddling of the weight on his shoulders. Missing Dean, then fighting with Dean, then dealing with the fall out of his own bad decisions, plus worrying about his difficulties with sex, and on top of all of this, trying to keep up with schoolwork and tests and team practices… Castiel hadn’t even realized how stressed he was until this moment. This quiet, cold, pink morning, with so few people around that Castiel can hear the ocean even from this distance.
He’s pulled out of his sulk when Lisa shifts next to him, getting to her feet and brushing grass off her shorts. He reaches for her hand, confused, but she gives him a small smile and says, “I’m just… a little warm. I think I’ll go home.”
The Fourth of July is pretty much Dean’s favorite time of year, outside of the three months that encompass Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year’s, and Dean’s birthday. Independence Day is helped along by the rather large and rowdy festival that Sileas puts on, the kind of thing that draws in people from beyond Seaside and Astoria.
Dean glances at the parking garage as they approach, but passes it with a sigh, heading for the drop-off curb. “You win,” he says. Castiel doesn’t respond, but he doesn’t feel like he won, either.
Castiel blanks out for a moment. He’s not sure exactly how long, but when he comes back, Dean is kissing his neck again. Longer, more indulgent kisses now, and Castiel’s eyelids flutter as he imagines that mouth on other parts of his body.
Dean sighs, looking away. The sun has fully set now, casting Dean’s face in gray and silver tones, and Castiel remembers that first night they met, just over a month ago. Before Castiel knew just how colorful Dean could be. When Dean had been just a boy with potential, and Castiel a stranger without direction. And it’s so strange, because whatever draws Castiel to Dean, whatever that warmth is, it feels like it’s been there forever, just waiting for the right person to unlock it.
"You're cold as ice, Castiel James Milton," but Dean is grinning anyway, his teeth almost glowing in the moonlight, and maybe the easy atmosphere is why Castiel thinks it’s okay to continue:
“Nuh-uh,” Charlie argues. “You’re Ross and Cas is Rachel and that’s not changing until you guys get your shit together.”
Both Dean and Cas jump when Lisa interrupts them, and only now does Dean realize he’s still leaning over the table, his fingertips brushing Cas’s. Blushing, Dean leans back in his seat, his heart pounding in his chest. Cas turns to stare out the window again, and only then does Dean turn to smile at Lisa. She studies him closely, her lips pursed as if she’s trying to solve some sort of puzzle, and Dean’s not sure what she’s so confused about. Guys do this kind of posturing shit all the time, right? It’s just like how he is with Victor.
“No it wasn’t, Dean,” Jo says, slamming a hand on the table. Pam inches away from her, exchanging a glance with Garth. “That was my
Upon entering the village, Castiel expects the people to give them a wide berth, maybe bow low on the ground, but to his surprise, several of them wave, calling Dean by name. A few even come towards Impala to shake the prince’s hand, and he chatters happily with them about whatever is going on in their lives. Dean congratulates a young girl who just presented as alpha, and promises to buy a drink for a newly mated couple. Through all of this, Castiel remains silent, and Benny rolls his eyes and sends him exhausted glances, as though this is something he has to put up with all the time.
Her blonde hair is falling out of her bonnet in long, curly tendrils, and her face is flushed pink with exertion. Dean laughs softly as he steps inside. “Cas is being a troublemaker?”
“It is a big deal,” Dean argues, and Jo rolls her eyes. “He came to the Pirates midnight show last year, and we all know how much he loves Harry Potter, so why the hell wouldn’t he come to the Order of the Phoenix premiere last night?”
“Looking for you.” Charlie runs a hand through her hair, then anxiously glances over her shoulder at the empty street. Not so empty. There’s a car there, a little yellow bug, and Dean frowns when Charlie says, “I want to take you home.”
No one has spoken Lucifer’s name in two days. The only thing that makes Castiel even try to start reading is the desperate need to escape this suffocating silence.
Castiel laughs, and it feels good, to be in this small house without all that tension hanging over their heads. “So can I go?”
Dean blushes bright red as Jess hides a titter behind her hand. Castiel just smiles that subtle smile when Dean says, “Yeah, and the heat had nothing to do with that.”
Frustrated, Castiel turns to Dean, who stares back at him in surprise, mouth full of pork. “I would like to court you, Dean, if that’s alright with you.”
But when Meg says that, when she’s just smirking at Dean and being pleased with herself, Pam gasps. The sound draws Dean’s attention to her pale face, to the way she’s staring up at him apprehensively. At first, he’s insulted by the thought that she might think he’s gravely offended by the insinuation, but then he looks across the table at Jo. She’s staring at the ceiling, chewing on her lower lip, pointedly not looking back at him. Perturbed, Dean turns to other girls. Charlie knows he’s not a homophobe, that Meg’s little comment wouldn’t bother him… but she’s drawn up tight like a drum, her shoulders by her pink ears, her lips tight and eyes locked on Dean. Gilda only looks annoyed, but it’s Bela who really brings it all home.
The room is white again, but when Dean is coherent enough, he notices the way the blankets and the canopy and the curtains shift to different shades of red as they move. Scarlet, carmine, ruby, vermillion. Dean just laughs and pulls Cas’s mouth back against his own, drinking in his kisses like a fountain, like crystal water, and they’re both lust drunk, skin flushed pink and pretty.
“Why?” Dean demands, and Cas cringes, taking a step away. “We’re friends, aren’t we? Why would you want to do this alone? I’ve been through this before, Cas, I can help you!”
Maybe it’s because Dean has had sex before. Even if it wasn’t a guy, naked bodies are naked bodies, and maybe Dean is just used to this. And it’s not like they’ve never seen each other’s dicks before. They dove right into that pool, after all.
“Yes. Just.” Balthazar swallows before laughing softly. “Funerals aren’t exactly a picnic, and I can’t imagine Dean’s holding up well.” He meets Castiel’s eyes briefly, then nods, like he’s confirming something. “So be careful.”
Dean’s eyes are wide and glassy, so much earnest pleading in his expression that Castiel almost can’t stand to look at him. Dean is trying so hard to make their relationship work that even his mistakes are made in the name of pleasing Castiel, but Castiel is so caught up in his own turmoil and confusion that he never thought to make gestures in return. Even when he tries to give Dean another chance, he’s ready to pull away at a snap, leaving Dean flailing in the darkness.
That’s as far as he gets. The door to his room opens then, and startles him so badly that he tosses his phone out of his hand and knocks the box of cereal on its side. Naomi stands in the doorway, already showered and dressed, blinking curiously at him.
“Did you pick that at random, or did you finally realize I have perfect taste?” Dean stretches out on the sheets, grinning when Cas drops down next to him.
“Or a beta noblewoman.” John shrugs. “As long as we can make some sort of alliance or trade, and they can produce heirs.”
Hannah nods once, then turns and continues on her way down the hall. Castiel turns back to Jess, who’s studying him suspiciously.
“Y’know,” Charlie pipes up, as soon as Castiel has tucked his phone into his tote bag, “if you’d told us you had a girlfriend, we probably wouldn’t have been so hard on you.”
Thanks to all of you, new and old, for giving this story a shot. I hope you're all around to see the end someday - it's getting closer all the time!
Ten minutes in, and it’s already awkward. Naomi isn’t one to fidget, but she does shift her weight just ever so slightly before politely clearing her throat.
Dean wonders when he started hanging around people that hated him. He licks Cas’s palm, but all he gets is a wrinkled nose in return, and Pam sighs, “This is nice. Dean’s so pretty, but that rude-ass mouth ruins the whole effect.”
Meg laughs, throaty and almost vibrating through the phone’s tiny speaker. “What was your first clue?” She teases, before taking pity on him. “Clarence is busy being a whiny little baby, may I take a message?”
“I would like the opportunity to prove myself, your Highness,” Castiel answers, keeping his voice even. “The prince is carrying my child, so I want to be part of their lives. That is what a good alpha does.”
And without another word, he stalks across the sand, back to where Dean is apprehensively watching his approach.
He joins in the frenzy of ripped paper and ribbon when Mary gives the signal. Inside each box is a set of pajamas, a solid-colored shirt with matching plaid sweatpants. Each of them has a different color: green for Dean, pink for Mary, red for Sam, and blue for Castiel.
warning for: dean leans toward a bad headspace a few times, but he sticks with his coping mechanisms and pulls himself out :) also we earn our rating in this chapter!!
“Wow, nice to hear your voice too, Cas,” Dean snaps. “If you’re that reluctant to talk to me, maybe I’ll just-”
Castiel is sitting up now, trying to inspect his arm. He starts to tell Dean not to worry about it, but the door finally opens, and they both turn to see who else has found this hiding spot.
“You’re both alive,” Naomi says finally, clasping her hands in front of her. “I suppose that’s the best I could hope for, even if the room is a little messier than I expected.”
“It doesn’t have to,” he whispers. “We know how to pretend this shit doesn’t happen, don’t we? I can walk away and never mention it, and you can do the same, and everything will keep going like it always did.” He gives up a shaky smile, watching Cas from behind his eyelashes. “We’ve done it before.”
He trails off then, shyly glancing away. Castiel waits for a moment, to see if there’s more to the story, but when Dean stays quiet, Castiel asks, “Why did you tell me this?”
They wake up with Dean’s head pillowed in Castiel’s lap, but neither has the time to think about it, because Michael and Naomi are awake and wandering around the house. They quickly gather Dean’s things, and Castiel goes to help him clamber out his bedroom window. Dean steals a tight hug, and smiles at Castiel once more before he drops to the grass and takes off across the lawn.
Once everyone is settled, Charlie clears her throat and explains the rules of the game. Everyone is going to put their name in a hat, then Dean is going to pull two random names, and whichever names he pulls, those people have to kiss. Ash asks why there aren’t two hats, one for boys and one for girls, and Bela snaps at him, telling him there’s no challenge or entertainment in boys kissing girls. Charlie agrees, and says anyone who’s too chicken to take the risk is free to leave. A few people shift awkwardly, but no one gets up, and Dean exchanges a smile with Charlie as she passes out scraps of paper for people to write their names on.
Castiel considers sending back a text teasing Dean about bossy, but decides against it. Instead, he takes one more look at himself in the entryway mirror, checking his hair and rolling up the sleeves of his shirt, like Anna had suggested. He tilts his head at his reflection, pleased that his eyes really do pop against this color. They look almost the same shade that Dean uses in his artwork, actually.
?” Cas hums an affirmation, and Dean’s brain flatlines, too stunned to speak. Yeah, sure, there had been that whole thing last year, Bela showing up before the fight in a slinky dress with Cas in tow, but Cas had said he didn’t really like her and Dean had kissed him and then Cas left Bela in the dust. He couldn’t have changed his mind about her in less than a year, right? Especially because Dean knows for a fact that Cas goes to a private school on Long Island, and he’s pretty sure Bela goes to school in London, so it’s not like they had a lot of time to spend together and decide they liked each other.
And all those warm fuzzy feelings, that smile on Dean’s face, it all just oozes away. Dean doesn’t even realize he’s glaring until Cas raises an eyebrow at him and asks, “What’s wrong?”
His voice is raspy and lilting, but something about it sends a chill down Castiel’s neck. Bela smirks, apparently used to it by now. “Yes. I meant what I said, Al.”
Lisa glances at Dean’s friends once again, and this time, Dean starts to follow her gaze, to see what exactly she’s looking at, but before he can, Lisa cups his face in her hands and brings him down for a kiss. She presses her body up against him, moves her fingers to gently grip his shirt, and Dean is so surprised by this sudden display of affection that he almost forgets to put his hands on her waist and draw her in closer. He remembers what she tastes like under her dress, that sour taste so different from the taste of her lips but just as addictive, and his dick gives an appreciative twitch in his jeans just before Lisa pulls away, a small smile on her face.
“Dean,” Cas tries again, “I’ll be back in Sileas by dinnertime tomorrow. Do you want me to get a hotel?”
Dean grumbles to himself, struggling to keep this latest keg in his grasp. His arms and legs are starting to get tired, which is sad, he knows. He needs to find a way to work out, or something. He’d follow Cas’s example and go running in the mornings, but with school out, he can’t bring himself to justify getting up that early. Not while he has the chance to sleep in.
“You got it,” Dean says with a wink. He gets to his feet, using one hand to hold his towel up, then reaching down to help Castiel stand as well. Castiel catches the way Dean is looking at his legs, and remembers the comment Dean had made about his running tights on their road trip. Dean quickly looks away, but Castiel catches his wrist and smiles as best he can when Dean meets his eye.
Castiel scoffs and brushes wet hair out of his eyes. “Yeah? Tell that to Aaron. I don’t think he got the memo.”
- he might be cold or distant, just to keep up appearances, but showing up at all should send the message that whatever’s going on between them isn’t over.
Castiel’s not sure where this story is going, and it must show because Dean’s smile turns fond, and he shifts closer to Castiel on the bed.
Dean’s not sure what she means by that. He’s not sure he’d understand it even if he was sober, so he just stares at her in confusion as they approach the tree line.
Naomi Milton is standing just outside the entryway, staring back at Castiel. He hadn’t heard the door open, and from the fumbling noises behind him, neither had Anna.
“Spoilsport,” Dean mutters, turning around and getting back on the highway. Cas ignores him, turning to say hello to Jo and Sam instead.
“Exactly. And I was kinda freaked out too, so Mom was doing her best to calm us both down. It was a mess.”
So Dean pushes his embarrassment away and bares his neck, shifting his hips until the tip of Castiel’s cock catches between his cheeks, and Castiel gasps like a drowning man. The moment is gone, and Dean tells himself he doesn’t regret missing it.
Both of Castiel’s eyebrows rise to his hairline as he tilts his head. “I don’t believe that. Unless you live in a very, very tiny village, I find it impossible to believe there aren’t alphas falling at your feet.”
To his surprise, Dean’s hand grips his shoulder, and all the humor has gone from Dean’s eyes as he looks at Castiel. “Do you want to spend the day at my place?” Dean asks quietly. His concern seems a little bit of an overreaction, and Castiel sighs.
And they are drowning in it. Dean swears, the closer he gets to orgasm, the more he can hear the ocean rushing in his ears, a salty spray against his shoulder, like they’re doing this in the middle of the sea, under a starry sky. Not that he’d notice if the location changed; all he can see are Cas’s glowing eyes, the flush in Cas’s cheeks, Cas’s adam’s apple bobbing as he tries to catch his breath-
“You could use this as a way to finally cut ties with Alastair.” Cas is grinning outright, eyes alight with hope. “Just end it, cold turkey. His business has expanded so much that he may not even miss you, and more than likely won’t even have time to mess with Jo or Sam.”
“Please, don’t call these stupid assholes a ‘rock’ band. They are so far removed from rock,” Dean scoffs, shaking his head.
The weather in Oregon isn’t exactly unpredictable, so you’d think that, at some point, Castiel would learn to keep an umbrella on him when he runs. Everyone knows the Pacific Northwest sees frequent, heavy rains, and just because Castiel can look out at the horizon and see stormclouds far off in the distance, that doesn’t mean he can go on a five mile run and be back before they hit.
"Eleven," Sam answers, and Castiel starts to say no, because an evening alone has to be better than hanging out with a group of children, but Sam continues, "But there's a bunch of us there. My brother's fifteen, so y'know, we're all different ages."
And fuck, isn’t that just more proof that Dean doesn’t deserve to be around someone like Cas? He yelled at the poor guy over some stupid chick, for no reason, then ignored him for over a week, and still.
What she means is, Dean’s no good for her. And Dean has been aware of that from day one, so he holds her gaze and lets the silence stretch until she’s ready to speak again.
Dean rubs his hands over his face and grabs a fresh t-shirt out of his closet. He doesn’t have time for this. He has to get to the resort and see Cas and see that he’s okay and find out what’s bothering him.
“Can I help you with anything?” Cas asks, sounding somewhere between exasperated and exhausted, and Dean’s starting to wonder if it’s even worth the effort anymore.
“So there’s more to this story than you abandoning my heartbroken brother on the beach?” Sam prompts.
“She almost did,” he whispers, ducking away when Castiel tries to pinch him. They’re lucky enough to be at least a foot apart when Naomi appears behind Anna, and Castiel’s smile immediately drops. Dean and Naomi haven’t spoken since the first time they met, and even though Naomi had spared a pat to Dean’s head, that doesn’t mean she won’t say something offensive, or that she won’t misunderstand Dean’s sense of humor.
The omega blinks at him, his gaze unfocused and pupils blown. Slowly, he leans forward, until his bare chest is pressed against Castiel’s shoulder, and he rests his forehead against Castiel’s neck.
“Because you have the power to stop puberty.” Castiel rolls his eyes as Chuck laughs. The wind catches the sound, dragging it away, and Castiel manages a small smile of his own. The family is so rarely together that he forgets how nice it is to be around his father. A little voice whispers in his head, the family will never be together again, but he quickly closes his eyes and lets the wind take that away too. He’d rather not dwell on it now.
John tightens his jaw, but doesn’t respond. Sam, however, speaks for the first time since they sat down at the table: “
“Hey, I’m your big brother, it’s my job to tell you all the fun stuff about sex that Mom doesn’t want you to know.” They’re stopped at the light to turn onto Main Street, so Dean turns around to grin at Sam. “I got some pretty good tips for you. All from experience.”
Dean gapes, his mouth open. Jensen and Jared are on the cover, as always, but a little ways behind them is Kyriel, illustrated for the first time ever. He looks a little different than Dean had always pictured him, with a stronger jawline and bigger eyes and slimmer shoulders, but Dean has kind of made peace with the fact that his Ky is heavily based on Cas. This one is clearly not.
“You scared the hell out of me, coming in like death warmed over. I was half-afraid you’d relapsed. You need help, and I’m not equipped for it. I’ll call Missouri’s office in the morning. You go to bed.”
A crash from upstairs makes Castiel flinch. When delighted laughter follows, he only rolls his eyes and tries to focus on his reading. The ruckus continues, so that Castiel can only manage to read the same sentence over and over again. Apparently, Anna is having the same problem; she raises the television’s volume to the point that Castiel has to turn his glare onto her. She ignores him, focused on whatever stupid music video those stupid bands she likes have put out now. Castiel sniffs, and tries to read for a moment longer, but-
Castiel snuffles against Dean’s neck, scenting him, then presses a little kiss under his ear. It’s the kind of comforting gesture a mate would make, but Dean immediately settles.
Again, that noise, but this time it’s followed by the little click that means Dean has hung up. Castiel pulls his phone away from his ear to stare at the screen, then immediately hits the call back option.
Dean’s going to kill Charlie. He gives Lisa one more longing look, then flips his phone open and brings it to his ear. “This better be good, Bones.”
“Good boy.” And Jody salutes before sliding back into her car, turning it on, and heading on down the road at a crawl, obviously not wanting to draw attention to herself.
than this. He’s better than the fantasies blinking through his brain, of the omega’s legs wrapped around his waist, of the two of them dozing, tangled together in that ridiculous nest he made.
“You’re not being alienated, I’m just teasing.” But Dean sounds somewhat apologetic as he sighs. “It’s… okay. My parents got divorced when I was six. Technically, my dad should be helping out, but for various reasons…” He shrugs, his voice dropping. “He doesn’t. Or can’t. It’s a little of both. Just. Yeah. Mom has to work to keep the house and keep us fed and sometimes Ellen and Bobby help out, but we try not to lean on them too much.”
Cas is staring at Dean now, as if he’s never seen him before, and Dean stares right back. They’re surrounded by people, but for all they care, they’re alone in the world, deep in a haze underscored by the crooning voice of a boy only two years their senior. Cas’s eyes are wide, his face illuminated in a rainbow of colors: pink and blue and purple, striking the shadows in his cheekbones and chin. His hair is limp with sweat, a bird’s nest from spinning and head-banging and laughing like an idiot. His t-shirt hasn’t fared much better, soaked under his arms and at his collar and just under his chest, which rises and falls with heavy breaths.
Dean’s head jerks up, sharp enough to knock him off balance. The sudden movement startles Impala into stopping, but Dean hardly notices. He smells flowers and honey, earth and running water. These things on their own don’t necessarily make an alpha, but there are heady, musky notes underscoring these smells, and that
Castiel glances up. Dean is smiling at Jody as she throws her hands in the air and swears she’ll tell Dean’s mother the next time she catches him up here. Clearly, Dean doesn’t believe her, since he’s waving cheerfully and thanking her as she walks back to her car.
“Lunch date for three?” Ellen says skeptically. It’s only when Cas turns and fixes her with an ethereal smile that she finally loses the frown and says, “All right, then. I’ll bring some milkshakes out when she gets here.”
And Castiel wouldn’t look down on them if they were usurpers; he’s seen with his own eyes how loved Dean is, and what good this family has done even for people who are not their own. Sometimes kings lose their crowns to a better ruler, and that’s the way it should be. At least until a better system comes about, perhaps something where the people could choose their own leaders-
“I’m sorry for getting fucked up and making you rescue me. I’m sorry for being an asshole about Bela and pushing you away. I’m sorry I wasn’t more supportive about your brother. I’m sorry that Lisa and I were shitheads to you at that party. And Cas, you gotta believe me,” Dean really hates himself for this one, and he hates that there are tears welling up in his eyes, but he can’t let go of Cas, can’t turn his face away, not for this, “I didn’t mean what I said. At all. When Sam tripped over you on the beach and dragged you over to that party, that’s…” Dean swallows, overwhelmed by the truth of this statement. “That’s the best thing that ever happened to me. The worst thing was telling you otherwise, because I almost lost you over it. Please, believe me.”
After the doors open and the crowd has piled into the theater, Dean helps pull everyone as deep into the mass of teenagers as he can. They end up situated center stage, a few feet away from the barrier, which delights both Jo and Anna.
“What? Oh!” Dean turns away, running a hand through his hair. “I meant my other friends. Not Jo and everyone you’ve met. Other people.”
Dean's silence seems to spell this out for Cas, who sighs and shakes his head. "Why are you so ashamed of your motives, Dean?" And, as if a dam has burst, Cas rubs his eyes and continues, "Why are you like this at all? 'I'm the man of the house,' you say. 'I have to take care of Sam. I have to pay for groceries.' Dean," and Cas's eyes are wide and glassy, his voice cracking as he says, "
“Oh! Good evening, Miss Talbot,” comes from the doorway, and Castiel’s annoyance immediately turns into surprise. He leans over the back of the couch, and yes, that’s Bela in a short, shiny dress, her hair tousled to frame her bright red smile when she notices him.
“Go back to bed, Castiel,” Michael says, his voice low and smooth. Castiel’s eye twitches, and for all of two seconds he considers doing as Michael asks, going back inside and apologizing and going to bed. But then he thinks of how happy Dean had been to hear from him, and with a strange jolt of courage, Castiel raises his middle finger at his brothers. When they’re all too stunned to respond, he takes off into the night.
Before Dean has the chance to be embarrassed, Castiel freezes. He stares at Dean again, lips parted in surprise. Dean can’t blame him: what a horrible, pathetic sound, and coming from an omega, no less.
Every time Castiel tries to sit up, Dean pulls him back down, stealing kisses, rubbing their faces together, anything that he can permanently stamp into his memory so that he never forgets that this dream actually happened. Finally Castiel laughs and protests, “I need to open you up, Dean. I’m afraid my cock is quite a bit bigger than my tongue.”
Cas just keeps smirking at him. “Never mind,” he says, waving a hand in the air. “Don’t change the subject. She certainly wouldn’t like me much for kissing her boyfriend, would she?”
“He drew all those pictures hanging in my dorm,” Cas informs her, and Dean blushes to hear that, despite what he’d done, Cas had not only kept his drawings, but displayed them. “He wouldn’t lie about this.”
A sharp pain in Dean’s side draws him out of his reverie, and he glares at Charlie as she grins and pokes him again.
Dean closes his mouth, and turns his head away. Castiel studies him for a moment more, takes in the new shadows and colors on his face, then follows his gaze. The bonfire is roaring now, and Castiel can hear music, soft and tinny. The other kids are dancing, like witches of old, black silhouettes against the flames, while Dean and Castiel sit in the wet sand, letting the waves climb higher as the moon rises in the sky.
Dean moans, hips rolling, and Cas’s head moves with it, like a rock star, keeping Dean’s cock sheathed in the warm, wet paradise that is his mouth, and Dean lifts his head to watch, to let himself be ensnared by Cas’s gaze once again, and
“My mother will probably be in there,” Castiel says. “I forgot. She’s retired now and trying to spend time with us and I just… she didn’t treat Dean very well when she met him, so…”
“I was sorry to hear about you and Gilda,” he whispers. Charlie shrugs against his chest and pulls back. The expression on her face is far too casual to be genuine.
And directly across from Dean, leaning up against a tree of her own, is Bela. A frown mars her pretty face as she watches Dean laugh into the phone.
“Okay-” is all Dean gets out before Castiel is slamming the car door and turning around, his stride quick and deliberate as he heads back towards the elevator. He only allows himself to breathe once he knows he’s out of Dean’s sight, and he groans again, running both hands over his face.
“For snapping like that.” Charlie shrugs, and apparently finds something really interesting in the flowerpots lining the dining room window. “You get to choose your friends, and I guess as long as I don’t have to hang out with them, it’s not my place to judge you or make demands.”
Castiel takes a deep breath, and Jess smiles at him. “It’s a little crazy, I know, but you get used to it.”
But that’s ridiculous. He can’t ask for that. This is an accident and nothing more. Dean has his own life, and Castiel will be just a blip in it. And it’s for the better that Castiel avoid people, after all--
“Okay.” Castiel reaches for his trainers and starts to pull them on, using his shoulder to keep his phone at his ear. “I’ll see you soon.”
“I’ll take Gabe’s car, no one will even miss me. Just tell me where you are, and I’ll be there in twenty.”
Castiel adapted to their tactile nature faster than he expected to. It’s actually quite comfortable, and while sometimes he catches his brain going in certain directions it shouldn’t go when Charlie or Jo move in for a hug, all it takes is a quick reminder of how hard they both can punch before that train of thought is gone. That’s the thing about it: the group just loves to lay all over each other, to hug and touch, but they’re just as quick to slap and shove and occasionally bite. It’s a double-edged sword, but Castiel finds that whether comfort or pain, the sensation makes him feel accepted. Moreso every day.
Heat sparks behind Castiel’s eyes, spreading down his shoulders to his fists so quickly that they almost go numb. He pulls away from Michael’s touch and turns to glare at Naomi, who is still refusing to look at him. “You
"Dean, it's admirable that you want to take all of this responsibility on your own shoulders. I mean that. You're just..." Cas trails off for a moment, biting his lower lip, then closes his eyes. His voice is softer when he continues: "You're the best person I know. You're an inspiration. But at the same time, you deserve so much more. Don't," Cas takes a short breath, tilting his head. "Don't you
But this story is old. And not even just Castiel wasting so much of his summer going over every little pro and con, round and round like a carousel. Mistakes, redemption, forgiveness, it’s a tale older than time. And Castiel doesn’t owe his version to anyone.
Castiel’s smile widens as he closes his eyes. It looks as though he’s considering something, so Dean waits patiently for him to speak, but all he gets is, “A dragon would have been a nice companion. They’re very interesting creatures.”
She shrugs, now disinterested. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll come get you.” And then she’s the one turning her back on Castiel to chat with her friends, leaving him feeling confused, nervous, and a little dirty.
“But that’s the first time you’ve had an issue with me. That I’ve noticed.” Dean pauses, apparently replaying their intimate encounters in his head. “Though I did think that you had pretty good stamina for a newbie.”
that Dean has this kind of pull on him, that he can’t just let this go, that even after everything Dean has done, Castiel still feels guilty over something as simple as trying to protect himself from whatever Dean might do in the future. He doesn’t want to be hurt again, doesn’t want to be a slave to Dean’s whims, but more than that, more than
Dean takes it and studies the drawing of Catwoman kissing Batman, then glances up at Charlie, a little smile playing at his lips. “I dunno. I guess it’s okay, if you like Catwoman with Batman. Doesn’t she kiss Ivy in this too?”
“Okay, Cas. If you insist.” Dean sighs again. Castiel can almost see him, seated at that old wooden table in the dining room, or maybe on the blue couch by the bay window, rubbing at his face, running a hand through his hair. Castiel's heart feels heavy, an ache spreading up into his stomach and shoulders. How he wishes he could be with Dean right now, holding him and comforting him in his time of need.
Dean places his hands over Castiel’s for a brief second, then reaches over to grip Castiel’s neck, pulling him close enough that their foreheads touch. He opens his eyes, damp lashes framing that perfect summer green, and Castiel’s breathing picks up in anticipation.
She gives John another piercing look, and Castiel decides two things in that moment: One, this is not his business and he shouldn’t pry; and two, he really hopes Dean didn’t inherit that deadly stare or else Castiel is in big trouble.
“I know. Really. But I’m not looking for pep talks or anything like that. It is what it is: shitty. And I can’t change it now.”
It’s fun and warm and reminds Castiel of easier times when they were younger, before everyone fell in love with everyone else and left pieces of broken hearts littered along the way. Before Pam went to school and Jo decided Castiel wasn’t worthy of her time. There’s a pang of sadness as he reminisces on how things have changed, and he gives in to the overwhelming urge to call Bela, who is home in Boston with her parents for the holidays.
Dean clears his throat. “Cas, this is Missouri. She’s a social worker I do my therapy sessions with once a month. Missouri, this is Cas.”
Dean slams his hand on the table, making everyone at their table jump, and drawing the attention of a few other tables nearby. Not to mention Ellen, who immediately looks up from the bar and shoots a warning look in Dean’s direction. He exhales roughly, properly shamed but still angry as he says, “I had a girlfriend last year and it didn’t stop me. Hasn’t stopped Charlie.”
They dance like heathens to cheesy eighties pop. Dean groans at the start of every track, but always scoops up whoever happens to be nearest and starts enthusiastically moving to the beat. Sometimes his partner is Jo and sometimes it’s Pam. Once it’s Garth, and at least three times he manages to get Castiel to move with him, though Castiel prefers to sit with Charlie, discussing their theories for the new Harry Potter book coming out in a few days. Eventually, Bela joins the conversation, and even manages to keep up, much to Castiel’s surprise. In fact, both girls get involved in a heated debate about houses and sorting, which Castiel, an avowed Ravenclaw, wisely decides to stay out of.
!” And Sam sounds so scandalized that Castiel can’t help laughing, earning himself a kick from the backseat. “Don’t you start!”
, that his mother made the same argument regarding her own new crusade for forgiveness and unity. But he sets that aside for now, something to confront later. “I really don’t need your help on this.”
Dean shakes his head, then makes a show of zipping his lips closed, gesturing down the hall. Castiel sighs, full of a fond sort of exasperation, and follows Dean out into the hall, closing the door behind him.
“Only with them. Look, this isn’t what I was talking about.” Dean shakes his head, testing his balance on the bike. “I just wanted to make a point about standing up to your family. If Bela can sneak out and run around and get in trouble, why can’t you?"
Benny chuckles when Charlie chokes on her water. “I’m just sayin’, if there was somebody living out here, we shoulda seen proof of it by now.”
His family looks genuinely surprised, and Castiel revels in it for a moment, especially when he sees, from the corner of his eye, Jody hiding a smile behind her hand.
Dean drops Lisa off at home, where she gives him a quick kiss good-bye, and warns him not to have too much fun. He promises to call her tomorrow, and as he pulls back onto the street, he hopes he can introduce her to Cas tomorrow too. It’ll all depend on how much freedom Cas has this year. A part of him knows it’s a long shot, but he can’t help hoping that Cas’s family learned something last year, and opted to give him a longer leash.
know?” And now there’s anger, which is only amplified by the way Cas winces and stammers, trying to figure out a response. “It’s not important to tell me, your
A kiss is dropped into Dean’s hair before Cas bats Dean’s hand away and turns onto his side, leaving another kiss between Dean’s eyes before he smiles. “Me too,” he responds, dragging his fingers over Dean’s cheekbone. Then he reaches between them, taking Dean’s cock into his hand and stroking in earnest, grinning when Dean moans. “Like this better though.”
For several moments, they don’t speak. Dean stares straight ahead, and Castiel watches the ground, but they walk in step, going who knows where.
While Mary is working on Sam’s clothes, Dean notices his brother sniffing the air and eyeing Castiel warily. So he reaches over to slap his brother’s shoulder, saying, “Sam, this is puppy daddy. Cas, this is snot-nosed brother.”
“Last year, Dean told me how he felt,” Castiel says softly, still watching the floor. “And I was afraid and confused, so I asked if we could wait and discuss it this summer. Dean decided to sleep with Aaron while he waited.” He clutches his tie between his fingers, tugging it until he feels it dig into the back of his neck. “He says we weren’t together so it’s not cheating. I still feel like it was. He’s apologized repeatedly and promised never to do it again, but I can’t get over it. It has become…” He sighs, finally dropping the tie to rub his hands over his face. “If I reference Sisyphus, do you know who that is?”
“You’re the one digging into my personal business,” Dean mutters, but there’s less venom in it. He sketches in silence for another moment, then groans in frustration, dropping the book to his knees. “Can we at least make it an even exchange here?”
Clearly he’s lying about there not being a girl - there’s always a girl- but Dean opts not to call him on it. Instead, he takes a deep breath before offering up his cheekiest grin. “C’mon, Cas. Don’t make me do this.”
Cas snickers, soft and thin through the phone’s speaker. “Most modern music is a form of rock, Dean.”
It’s cold enough that he can see his breath in the air, but once he takes off and gets his blood pumping, the chill on his face hardly matters. It feels good to sink back into this headspace, where he doesn’t have to worry or think, he just has to put one foot in front of the other, and only has to listen to his heartbeat. Daphne likes to run with music, but Castiel has always preferred a meditative quiet, one that allows all the anxiety in his head to float away, unable to keep up with his speed.
“Don’t need food,” the omega interrupts. Castiel hesitates, then turns to look at the nest. His cottage is all one room, the kitchen and living and sleeping areas blending into one another. It’s easy for him to get around when he’s alone, and now it’s easy for him to keep an eye on his company.
The thought that Cas might be crying has shaken Dean all over again, however. He hesitates, wanting to provide comfort, wanting to make those tears go away, but then Cas lashes out again, dropping his hands and sitting upright as he yells, “Get the
Castiel shakes his head, smiling to himself. “Are you fifty? You do realize you can get music for free online.”
Lisa shakes her head as she approaches the couch and takes a seat, as far away from Dean as she can get. “I have to do it now, or I’ll lose my nerve.”
Honestly, Castiel isn’t sure what to do with this onslaught of affection and support from his family. And when he realizes that
And two, that Dean might kiss him again. For real, this time. And now, with Bela’s kiss to compare it too, Castiel doesn’t find the idea so appalling. In fact, it’s downright appealing.
“I’m allowed to pick up Sam. If you happen to be at the field at the same time I am, then oops, what a happy coincidence.”
Castiel glances at Jo, who looks away, pretending she’s more interested in the conversation a couple other people are having near her. Dean puts a hand on the back of Castiel’s neck, offering a gentle kiss when Castiel turns to him. “I’ll talk to her,” he says, gently shoving Castiel off with Charlie, who eagerly drags him away, a little further out from the rest of the group. Bela and Victor are there, seated on a rather large piece of driftwood and watching the surf come in and out. Castiel wonders when Bela and Victor had the time to become friends, but then Charlie is flopping down next to Bela, hips and shoulders pressed close, and Castiel can’t resist smirking when Bela gives him a withering glare, a silent command to keep his mouth shut.
They talk about the new book in between directions to Dean’s house. Chuck is pleased that Castiel approves of Kyriel’s place in the story, and agrees to send a signed copy to Dean once the final version is published.
Michael frowns, his eyes sweeping up Castiel’s body, taking in his silent stance. “Then maybe it would be best if we sent you somewhere else until school starts. Cutting ties completely might be the best answer.”
Cas sighs, pushing away from the wall so he can put his hands on his hips. “We can start with Lisa,” he offers. “I know you said kissing me doesn’t count, but that was an accident.” Cas swallows. “Both times were accidents. This is an actual laid-out plan for us to lock lips in front of a crowd of people. You think Lisa won’t be upset about that?” Cas huffs, smirking slightly. “Not to mention I’m pretty sure Lisa doesn’t really like me.”
? Especially when, after what he saw at Jo’s party, he’s pretty sure Cas is involved in some sort of thing with Bela, whether Cas wants to admit to it or not.
Dean glances across the rink, where Meg has taken Sam into the inner circle and is trying to teach him how to spin. Sam takes a spill onto the ice, but laughs good-naturedly, and lets Meg help him up to try again. "I can tell," Dean mutters, fully aware that he's being petty for no reason. Meg complimented his art today, has been kind to Cas, and is now being kind to Sam.
Jo gets up suddenly, stretching her arms above her head. “I’m going downstairs to get more drinks, anybody want anything?”
Dean’s eyes are red-rimmed and exhausted, but he manages a smile, dangling his feet in the water. “You’ve been feeding me and building me nests and… whatever just happened, but you draw the line at bathing me?”
Castiel nods dumbly, and wishes that Dean could see himself like this. That small, hopeful smile, freckles dashed charmingly across his nose and cheeks, his skin lit up golden as the sun descends towards the horizon. If Castiel were a painter, he’d paint this picture every day, of Dean leaning in to kiss him and looking like some sort of angel, lowering his head for prayer.
Dean doesn’t look convinced. “You know that doesn’t bother me.” He hesitates, but when Castiel can’t think of another response, Dean sighs and settles for resting a hand high on Castiel’s back, between his shoulderblades, to guide him towards the door.
Castiel should’ve known better than to think he could escape Gabriel. Especially once Naomi started bringing up Dean.
Dean takes a deep breath before he leans closer to Cas and explains the plan: rig the game so Dean and Cas kiss, breaking the ice for Charlie to get the chance to kiss Jo. Once it’s all laid out, Cas chews on his lower lip and stares at his feet, shifting uncomfortably against the wall.
There’s a moment where all they’re doing is smiling at each other, and it’s pleasant. Comfortable. Like they’ve known each other for years, not days; like their friendship is something already established, not still in development. And Castiel realizes he genuinely likes Dean. This isn’t loneliness, or desperation for contact outside of his family. It’s not like the business connections he’s been encouraged to make at school. Dean is overly defensive, and his family is struggling financially, but Castiel likes his sense of humor, is interested in his interests, and admires his passion and his talent. And apparently, Dean likes something about him.
“Dean!” Sam rolls his eyes, forcing Dean to take the bowl. “I’m not doing this ‘cause I’m scared of Ellen, I’m doing it ‘cause I’m scared for you.”
“Twizzlers. As usual.” Dean’s smile is blinding, and despite everything, Castiel feels his own smile grow. “You got it. Go save us some seats and I’ll find you.”
“You’re okay with leaving your home?” Dean asks. Castiel glances back at his garden, sadness crossing his face. He’d built the cottage, planted the garden, maintained it all for who knows how long, all by himself.
.” Charlie rolls her eyes. “Between work and homework, did you really think you could do more than a couple hours a week?”
Dean rolls his eyes and shrugs, sliding off the bed to sit next to Castiel on the floor. “You have good taste in literature, I’ll give you that. We'll work on the rest."
Cas starts whining, one hand tugging at his hair as he writhes, and Lisa reappears at Dean’s side. “You can do better than that,” she chastises. “You can get me off with your mouth, and you like it. Why not give Cas the same treatment?”
Anna’s watching when Castiel looks up, so he immediately presses his phone to his chest and glares at her. She wrinkles her nose. “I don’t want to see your dirty texts to your girlfriend anyway.”
