“Good, because I wasn’t asking for your permission!” Cas snaps. He’s standing so close that Dean can feel his angry huffs of breath on his face. Cas lets out a few of those, eyes dark as he stares Dean down.
“Maybe I’m considering my own, Dean”, Cas scoffs at that, trying to keep his voice down, “I might not want to see you either.”
Dean nods, pretending to agree once again, before hooking his arm through Cas’s as they make their way towards the redhead.
Dean gets Jack to drink some juice, wrapping him up in a blanket but keeping him in his arms, since the kid seems to find it the most comfortable spot for now, his small fingers absentmindedly playing with the bracelets around Dean’s wrist.
Dean glares at him, splashing more paint on the wall. “If I need tips on painting, I’ll ask for them, thanks.”
“Dean—” The phone vibrates in Cas’s hand, and he glances at the screen, “I have to go or else I’ll be late.”
“He probably means one of the library books”, Cas explains and shrugs off his coat, “I had to return them all already. I tried explaining that to him, but he doesn’t seem to understand the concept of libraries.”
“When did you become wiser than your big brother?” he mocks, because Sam has a point, but he can’t give him the satisfaction.
It’s nice. The pressure of it is just right, much better than in the shower back in his apartment, but the moments when he’s actually able to enjoy a slow morning shower with no interruptions are rare. He turns the heat up a bit and lets out a deep breath.
“You’re an ass”, Dean hits him gently with his elbow but grins anyway. The heat on his face is purely because of the sun and
“It’s complicated”, he states, “My life right now. It’s—complicated”, he finishes lamely, but fortunately Mick seems to be content with that answer. “But I
“Would’ve chosen differently if I’d known it’s such a bitch to take off”, he whines, but his mood doesn’t get too sour, because Cas is really making it his job to find the most kissable spots on his skin. Leaving the shirt alone to bring his hands on Cas’s ass instead also helps.
Bobby just claps a hand on his shoulder, giving it a quick squeeze, and Dean almost elaborates his thanks.
He reaches to touch Mick’s arm, testing the water before leaning in, giving him a quick kiss. It’s nice, sweet and it makes him realize just how much he’s missed all that.
“Jack, I have to tell you something important”, he says, watching as the kid’s eyes turn curious. This won’t fix all of it, but it’s choosing different, choosing to do something no one ever did for him.
And it’s true, but the longer they stay silent after, the more it starts to feel like a lie. And while it’s not a lie, it’s not the whole truth either.
“I don’t understand toys with removable parts”, he says to Dean when the kid has left, “I get that it gives variability to the toy, but it’s pointless if the removal always requires an adult.”
Cas frowns, checking his drawing, “I think our heights are appropriate compared to each other”, he says, the stick figure Dean being the tallest of the three.
“It’s cool”, Cas cuts him off, looking down at his hands for a moment. He lifts his eyes to meet Dean’s, smiling a bit, “You’re right, it would’ve been awkward”, he agrees, “and it changes nothing.”
Yesterday, as he was taking his seventh shot of some colorful booze, Dean thought he’ll be fine, because there’s no such thing he couldn’t do while having a hangover, because the things he’s pulled off after partying are limitless.
“Okay”, the guard finally says, probably to just get him to stop talking, but hey, if it works, it works. He lowers the light to the ground, “Ten minutes.”
“I know that, but what are we supposed to do?” he asks, turning to look at Cas more properly, “Become parents?”
“The paint is going to drip the ground, if you leave it like that and it’s going result in uneven color on the wall.”
What if Cas doesn’t remember last night? Even worse, what if he does and he wants nothing to do with Dean anymore?
Dean tries to ignore the fondness that must be all over his face as he looks at Cas wiping his mouth with his palm, glancing at the cup like it just offended him personally, “Dean, I don’t think I should be in charge of mixing the drinks from now on.”
That’s the expression Jack gives to Cas when he stands on the living room doorway with his jacket on.
Mrs. Kline nods as more tears fill her eyes, “They brought him in too, but they didn’t tell us much yet—" she holds her hands to her face, shaking as she sobs.
“You have toys in here?” Sam asks, pointing at the bag he’s holding. Jack nods tentatively, and Sam looks excited, “What did you bring?”
Their conversation switches from talking to just staring at each other with stupid smiles on their faces, but before Dean has time to fall too deep into it, someone cuts in from the door.
Cas doesn’t have time to elaborate what’s happening, but Dean would guess he had two eager sous chefs climbing on the kitchen counter while his attention was elsewhere.
Cas gets up, holding a hand out for Dean to pull him up. Guiding him out of the living room, Cas doesn’t let go of his hand when they walk down the hallway. Jack’s bedroom door is left open like it always is, and like every night before going to bed, they peek inside the room.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean snaps, trying to crane his neck enough to look at Cas, who's behind Rowena. "You don't like me either."
“We’ll obviously consider all possibilities, but Jack is very young”, Bevell says, “and taking care of a growing toddler requires a lot, we consider them unfit for the position based on age alone.”
But that’s the thing: they haven’t, because they aren’t actually together, and Dean’s starting to regret that he was selfish enough not to correct his family about this, because a few innocent touches, that Cas actually reciprocates are cool, but
Dean feels Cas’s hands slide down from his wrists, one of them travelling all the way down and eventually dropping back to his side, the other one stopping at his palm, fingers intertwining with Dean’s.
Jack’s lack of sleep makes him cranky for the whole day, and nothing Dean does seems to please him. Dean packs them lunch and takes the kid to the park, hoping that fresh air would lighten up their mood.
He turns on the TV and starts channel surfing. Cas plants a kiss on the top of his head, “I will. And I still think you’re very cool, even after you’ve moved in with me.”
Jack finishes his Cheerios, almost at least, but Dean doesn’t need another argument for his morning, so he agrees to take the cup and hands the kid his coloring book he’s been itching to get to.
“It’s in nine days”, Cas answers as he prepares the coffee maker, wondering how many times he’s going to get to answer that.
The others are running in as well, and soon there’s a pair of hands on his shoulders when Charlie is pulling him away.
There’s a hand placing down a carton of juice in the shopping cart before it lands on top of his on the handle.
The antibiotics kick in, and Jack starts to have a little bit of life in him again. They spend a chill evening by the couch anyway, under the blankets with Paw Patrol on the TV and cups of ice cream on their laps.
Cas looks confused, but serious like he always does. He crosses the kitchen and joins Dean on the isle, sitting down on the stool next to him. Dean notices how Cas leaves space between them, either unintentionally or on purpose, leaning away from him like he’d be afraid to catch something.
Jack is arranging his plushies around one cardboard box he’s turned into a table, speaking quietly to them when he’s finding places for everyone, checking the oven of his tiny kitchen.
“You’re the best”, he sighs and takes a sip of it, “I keep telling Bobby the disgusting crap the coffee machine in the break room spits out
“No, no, no—” is all Dean gets out before Novak slaps his hand on his head, rubbing the dark blond hair full of white paint.
They stay close to each other after and Dean notices he’s brought his hand to Cas’s arm, but he can’t make himself to remove it.
Despite their attempts to search around the house without looking suspicious, there’s no sign of the ring or the energy around it. Dean’s about to call it and give up the search when his phone rings.
Dean feels his cheeks burning and he can’t blame the sun anymore, because Novak’s an idiot who uses words like enjoyable.
“You’ve hit your head pretty badly”, Charlie says as Jo bandages the wound he’s got on the back of his head, apparently from the kitchen table. “We’re gonna take you to a hospital to get that checked up just in case.”
“I’m really sorry about Rebecca”, Dean says when he thinks about it again, as he holds the kid in his arms.
Dean should be happy about the rush because more cars means more money, and don’t get him wrong, he really is. It’s just hard to stay positive sometimes when you haven’t sat down once since you got up the bed in the morning.
“No”, Cas says, but with a sad smile on his face. Like he’s not saying no to shut up, like he’s saying no because there’s nothing else to say.
Before his head drops against his chest, Dean sees Cas, snapping out of the magic hold and rushing towards Rowena. They fall to the floor in front of Dean, and he thinks he sees Cas grab the ring hanging from the necklace, ripping it off her neck. The magic bound around Dean breaks, and he falls to his side.
Jody calms him down, and asks him to go and check the medicine cabinet. Dean holds the phone against his ear as he grabs a pen and writes down whatever Jody instructs him to get from the pharmacy.
“Awesome job”, he praises and holds a hand out for Jack, and the kid actually slaps his tiny hand against Dean’s, just like he’s taught him.
“If you get out before my shift ends, I’m calling Jody to be with you”, he states as Charlie and Jo roll him into the ambulance.
“Thank you, Jack”, Cas smiles and takes the present, balancing the tray in his lap. As a precaution, he puts the coffee mug on the bedside table before the moving toddler knocks it over.
Cas lets out a dry, amused chuckle and takes a glass from the shelf, filling it up with water, “I think your standards for a good date differ from mine”, he says, looking at Dean as he takes a sip of the water, “but don’t worry, I had a good time”, he assures sternly.
“No!” Dean exclaims, turning around and facing away from the picture, “Where has he even picked up that word?”
The amount of effort it takes from Cas to look away, when there’s not even any alcohol in his system yet, can’t be a good sign considering the rest of the night.
“I remember that much, genius”, Dean groans. He’s covered in blankets, but he can feel the pain around his stomach getting worse when he moves a bit, even with the pain medication he’s pumped with, “How’d you get us out?”
Dean chuckles, “Well, thanks for the invitation”, he says, carefully putting the cardboard back into the envelope, “I have to check Cas’s schedule, if he could be with Jack.”
“I don’t want you to mess up my clothes, you would wash them wrong anyway.” Dean knows Sam won’t buy any of his explanations, but he plants a playful grin on his face before continuing, “Just happy to help you get laid with Jess, I know how hard it is for you to get lucky.”
Slowly, Cas gets more demanding again, whispering orders into Dean’s ear, pulling him closer with a leg hooked on Dean’s lower back, and he obeys, getting faster and rougher with his movements. He gets his hand on Cas’s dick, working him hard and fast until Cas is squeezing his eyes shut and coming.
“Dude, you’re not looking so great”, his little brother comments on his tired appearance, “Jack not sleeping well or something?”
“I can’t tell you how much I value this break”, Cas tells her, glancing adoringly at the steaming mug in his hands. “Who knew a hot cup of coffee is a luxury you’re lucky to have.”
His own fault, he had to work overtime again to keep up with the deadlines, he would’ve been too late even without his detour at the cemetery.
“That is me!” the kid laughs, and Dean joins him, the sound of Jack laughing soothing his sour mood.
He turns around to face Dean, and when he sees the unsure, unreadable look on his face, the start of
“Oh, Jack”, Cas chuckles softly at the kid’s overly sad tone. Jack has been sleeping in his room for so many nights in a row he’s probably gotten used to it, “I missed you too. Thank you for joining me.”
He crosses the room and sits down on the floor and takes the toy Jack’s offering, glancing first at Cas and then behind him at Dean.
“I can relate”, Cas states, gripping at Dean’s wrist just a little bit too tightly when he brings his hand on top of Dean’s, “He
Eventually he gets up and leaves the book on the bedside table, makes sure the kid’s properly tucked in before leaving the room.
Cas does most of the cleaning while Dean comes up with the shopping list before leaving to the store with Jack.
Obviously, he can’t do that, so he settles for a hug, closing his eyes tight as he takes in the way Cas’s arms easily wrap around him, firm hands on his back.
Dean tries to hide his sour mood from his brother when he goes back home, usually being so happy and smiling after coming home from doing laundry.
Cas is in the kitchen, lost in thought when Dean returns from putting Jack to bed. He stares somewhere in the distance but jolts back to earth when Dean takes the empty pizza boxes left on the table in front of him.
“Anyway, I had to come by to get some tools from the basement. See you later.” He leans down to press a kiss to Jack’s head, ruffling his hair before he’s out.
“You could’ve gone to the after party, if you wanted”, he says, like a statement, but his voice is hesitant.
Before the silence stretches too long, Dean gets out whatever he was thinking outside the car. He finds himself reaching for Cas’s hand, “Yeah just, uh, thanks.”
“Are you going to be fine?” Cas asks then, looking up at him, and the secret smile he gave his phone is gone. Jack’s slowly losing all his patience in the chair he’s trapped in, saying he wants
He doesn’t even get to close his own eyes when Jack opens his again, and he lifts his head from under Cas’s hand to look around, “Where’s Dean?”
Dean is laying on his side when he wakes up, slowly blinking awake. Cas is on his side too, facing him but still sound asleep, holding the blanket tightly around him, up to his chin, only his face and dark mess of hair visible.
They’re quiet in the backseat of the cab for the first half of the ride, staring out of their respective windows. Dean thought Cas fell asleep by the way he’s leaning against his window, so his drunk brain is slow to follow when the man suddenly speaks.
He pretends to take a bite and checks his watch, “He’ll be here any minute. You should pour him a cup of coffee ready.”
Cas is about to shoot some comment back at him on his way back upstairs, but right before he turns away, his eyes catch the way Dean grabs the hem of his t-shirt, taking it off and using it to wipe the sweat off his forehead.
She gives them a moment to think about it before she continues, “This is a situation no one can prepare for, so it’s understandable you need time to process it all.”
“Clearly. You have a hickey”, Cas points out and Dean lifts his hand a bit to shoot him a confused look. Cas taps his own neck from the spot where Dean has a faint red mark.
They argue for a second, but it’s clear that since they’ve already been spotted by one guard, they can’t fool the other two, so they return back to the open area of the museum, defeated.
Jack asks if he can watch some cartoons before breakfast and doesn’t wait for an answer before running to the living room. They watch him go, and after hearing the sound of the TV, Cas turns back to look at Dean.
Dean has tried reading a book, singing, smoothing a calming hand down his back, singing while doing that, and reading a different book, but Jack kept whining and trying to climb out of the bed. When the kid got tired of trying to escape, he switched whining to tears. That’s when Dean gave up, picked the boy up in his arms and tried to walk around the apartment, rocking him in his arms.
“Well excuse me for being with an overly energetic toddler all day”, he says, “Didn’t exactly have time or free hands to chat with you.”
He agrees without checking with Bobby because he knows it’s fine. He steps back inside and straight to the office to write down the time and the address before the call ends.
Cas arrives at Jack’s bedroom door, “Okay, my turn”, he states before stepping inside, “Go get ready.”
“Dean. If you’re the boring dad… Does that mean I’m the fun dad?” he turns to ask him, tilting his head a bit, a drunken but thoughtful look on his face.
Charlie nods, and he continues, mouth full of popcorn, “but what now?” Oh God he’s a sixteen-year-old girl, “Like, what are we?”
“I got the one she had”, Cas tells him. Dean has a vague memory of seeing him grab it. “Sam is performing the spell to break the power as we speak.”
He can’t blame anyone but himself, because he knew this would happen eventually. He tried to soften the blow by trying to get through the conversation as quickly and shortly as he could, but all they ended up doing was to fight.
“Nonsense, just go through the wall”, Dean says, nodding towards the blanket wall, opposite the one he’s against.
“I thought you wanted Dean to read to you”, Cas frowns as Jack pulls his hand to get him to stand up.
“Stress at work?” Mick asks, and quickly explains his question, “Anna said you’ve had some issues with the funding for the project.”
Dean watches him make his way to the door, where he turns to look at them again. “I’ll see you around.”
Charlie lets go of his hand when she folds in half, laughing. Cas just frowns at the woman when she wipes tears from the corner of her eyes.
“What’s on your mind?” Cas asks at night, when they are both still lying awake in the dark of the bedroom and Dean’s shifting and shifting, trying to find a comfortable position on the side of the bed.
“Because you are, with everything”, Dean laughs, leaning against his hands, “with Jack, with your work, managing this shitshow.”
He shrugs again, trying to hide his embarrassing insecurity by crossing his arms, “What if Jack thinks it’s weird?”
“But these are surprisingly delicious”, Cas admits around the straw between his teeth. His expression gets very serious after that, and he glances down.
He needs to get up and do something, anything, so he goes downstairs to the canteen to get them all some coffee and something to eat. The situation is going nowhere, and they’ll pass out if they don’t eat something.
“Oh my God, we are so sorry”, he says, “We just got a little carried away. This one gets crazy when he gets any champagne in his system”, he pretends to grimace, when he nods towards Cas.
They can't get the conversation to go any further, because since she’s the one who’s behind this event, there are other people wanting to talk to her as well. She quickly excuses herself, wishing them a good evening before disappearing into the crowd, where someone is calling to her.
Dean’s not a fan of how embarrassing and scary it seems to be in love, and he’s really realizing it now, but Cas grounds him with just a look. “Dean”, he starts and takes a moment to consider how to say next. Not what, but how.
It’s not a true Charlie Bradbury party if at one point they don’t regress back into their teenage years and play some stupid drinking game. It doesn’t matter that they’re all around thirty, give or take, there’s always a moment when the cards come out, or there’s a beer pong table being set up.
Cas crosses the room and stops next to Dean, keeping his eyes on the view outside as well. He can’t look at Dean, as if looking at another person and seeing all of this from their face would make it more real, and he just can’t do it, not yet.
“It’s too soon”, Cas says as he loads the laundry into the machine, “Everyone probably has plans for Friday already.”
After he got some breakfast and painkillers in his system, it’s almost a cakewalk. Jack is content with a play that requires Dean laying on the floor like a corpse as Jack stacks stuffed animals on top of him. It’s a perfect toddler activity while being hungover.
The man silences Cas by quickly turning back, “No, Cas, you know what?” The smile on Dean’s face is cold and it doesn’t reach his eyes as he takes a few, easy steps backwards to the door.
“Your turn, kid”, Dean says, and after a moment Jack reluctantly stretches his arm towards Cas who gently removes the bracelet from his hand and puts it carefully to the basket like the priceless treasure it is.
Benny watches him enjoy the beer with a slightly amused expression, “So, how’s the married life?” he asks when Dean’s had his moment with the beer.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt, you can stay”, he grunts, but before he can open the door, Meg’s there, taking his hand off the handle.
Sam almost takes the picture, but lowers his phone before he does, “You’re still kinda missing the vibe Charlie mentioned.”
Dean’s taken aback by the sass in Cas’s tone. He puts the folded bed sheet in the laundry basket. “Yeah, you’re a real Casanova”, he mocks with an easy smile when he gathers himself, “Where did you meet this
“Nah, wanted to go home with you”, Dean mumbles before he realizes he’s said it out loud. He literally has
Dean thinks Bobby will give him shit for his behavior, but his uncle just says he wants to go through them once more, and they do.
After a moment of struggling, Dean gives in, hands fisted on the front of Cas’s shirt as he melts into the hug.
“Well, in Cas’s defense you have slept with many of your friends”, she points out. Cas zones out of their friendly bickering and proceeds to pour two cups of coffee, one for himself and one for Charlie. They’re heading out for the night, but he has to keep himself up simply to get some work done.
He’s missing Jack even more than he did last night at the party, but he feels like he deserves it, that spending the night alone in his own misery is a good punishment for all his stupidity.
He watches Dean hold the child tightly against his chest, closing his eyes for a second, and Cas can’t believe his luck that he gets to call these two his family.
“Wait, did you say 4B?” Dean asks. He’s not waiting for an answer, but already runs towards the building.
“Okay”, Dean settles, “But we’re gonna have to figure out how to keep it away from your face, kid. You can’t keep running into furniture because of that hairstyle.”
Jack gets more medication in his system to get the fever down, and a prescription for antibiotics for the otitis, and they’re free to leave. The kid gladly climbs into Cas’s arms when he steps closer to pick him up from the bed while the doctor gives them more instructions.
“And could you make sure she has the blue dress on?” he mutters, embarrassed but left with no other choice, “It’s not gonna be Rebecca Rabbit for my kid if you don’t go into detail.”
“I just always overestimate how much pie I can eat”, Dean shrugs and hands a plate for Cas to dry. “My stomach lets me down each year.”
Dean clears his throat and fills the silence from Cas’s side of the conversation now that he’s on a roll, “It wasn’t until later that I finally realized that for sure, but yeah.”
just picked up the ugliest socks I could find”, Dean tells him, “You wear the weirdest socks, so add those to the collection”, he continues, looking hesitant for a moment, “And I’m just assuming your taste in music sucks, so fix it.”
He’s feeling happy – and relieved – about the fact that when it’s time to decorate, Jack drags Dean with them too, which means he’ll take half of the workload.
He just wants to know where Cas is going, because he wants things to be like they used to, when Cas told him things like that.
It must be hell for Cas to put him to sleep. The kid’s probably still awake, trying to climb out of the bed, now that he’s getting really good and fast at it. He’s a pro when it comes to escaping the bedroom without an adult catching him before he can run away.
Dean glares at the muscles of Novak’s arms, where they flex when he moves his brush up and down, when he finally arrives next to him. He tries to get as much paint on the brush as he possibly can, in favor to save him from walking back and forth.
Dean wakes up with a small kiss pressed to his lips. Cas is surrounded with cold air, like he has just gotten inside and despite the dark circles under his eyes his smile lights up his face as he looks down at Dean. Cas runs a cool hand through his sleep-messed hair.
“You think?” Dean snaps, shooting a cold look at the man on the other side of the room, “This is fucked up. How the fuck are we supposed to take care of Jack, huh?”
He realizes he’s holding Cas by his shoulders and he wants to shake the horrible, unsure look away from his face. He seriously can’t think that he’s not good at this.
Cas is about to ask what good would that do, but before he can form the question, Sam peeks inside from the doorway to the backyard where everyone else is.
“I don’t—I’ve been told my normal expression can get quite serious especially if I've fallen deep into a thought”, Cas explains, “Benny seems like a very pleasant person.”
Rowena steps into the room, and on instinct Dean tries to rip himself off the hold, anger boiling in him. She doesn’t look too concerned about it.
“You know what? Blow me, Cas”, he finally settles on grunting, because that’s all he’s good for; shitty and mean comebacks when he’s too scared to say anything else.
“Good luck with those!” someone passing by wishes them with a grin, but Charlie keeps her expression innocent anyway.
After what feels like an eternity, Cas blinks himself awake. His eyes stay unfocused for a moment, but after that he instantly looks behind Charlie.
Dean nods towards the empty backyard in front of them, “For Jack. Would be better than the sad, empty yard he has now.”
But Cas likes the place too. It’s not too crowded, and even if it’s a warm and a sunny day, only a few of the other tables outside are taken, so they get their food quite quickly.
Fortunately, they get out of the office quite quickly, after promising once again to discuss at home what is acceptable behavior to have at school and what’s not, and Dean thinks maybe he won’t have to work overtime today after all. Since Claire has only one class left for the day and it has started already, they send her home with Dean.
Jack almost rips himself away from Dean’s arms, running towards the vehicle the second Dean puts him down to the ground. He tries to climb up, but he can’t even reach the first ladder.
Dean laughs at that, “See you around nine tomorrow”, he chuckles before hanging up, right in time when Bobby opens the office door to nag at him to quit chatting and get back to work.
What the fuck are they doing, really? He has no idea how much parenthood Cas has in him, but he himself is certainly not a good parent material.
Jack in his arms, Dean knocks on Cas’s bedroom door quickly before opening it without waiting for an answer.
The redhead shoots the two a warning look, “Having a kid doesn’t make you middle aged, boring men, so stop acting like you were. Jeez, you’re barely thirty”, she lectures and checks the cups, that they’re really empty.
Jo reads something on his face, but luckily not what’s actually written there, “I know, a dad with his child, wow.”
“Targeting is allowed for as long as it takes you to fix the lock on my bathroom door”, Charlie explains easily, earning a round of chuckles from everyone.
They kind of just stare at each other after that before Dean breaks the silence by saying he was going to watch a movie and asks if Cas wants to join. The other man yawns, and declines the offer, but does it with a smile.
“Speaking of wing manning… Is Jo getting her own envelope?” Dean teases, and Charlie turns almost as red as her hair.
They make an interesting combination for the table, but considering the cake Dean ordered, it will probably look very fitting.
He walks downstairs and to the living room, tiredly thinking about the uncooked steak and the pie recipe he found a week ago and wanted to make for Cas, who’s not even home yet. Cas, who currently works a god-knows-how-many-hours long shift, who he wanted to surprise tonight with a good meal and some pie.
Jack instantly curls up against his side when they get to bed. Cas looks down at him, how fragile and tiny the curled-up kid looks, and how not like himself at all, the energy drained out of him.
When Cas comes back home an hour later, Dean and Jack are making a puzzle on the coffee table in the living room. He sits down on the armchair, all sweaty and out of breath.
But time is all they have, and with time, they get used to it, and some sort of routines are starting to form on their own.
Cas frowns when he doesn’t get what Dean’s implying at first, but as the realization dawns on him his expression changes to a dreadful one.
“I thought you were going to ask your cousin”, Cas says. She’s explained something like that to them earlier, saying it was a tradition in their family or something, but she doesn’t know her cousin that well.
“But I wanna see him”, Jack insists weakly, eyes getting more demanding. He really got used to getting them both putting him to bed apparently.
“Yes”, Cas nods quickly to Dean who is already on his way back to Jack, “I’m sorry, Mick, but I have to go”, he apologizes to the phone.
The next meeting with the shrink goes kind of like the previous one, her being all understanding, trying to give them tips on how to survive, reminding them to be gentle towards themselves and each other, and give it time. Which, in Dean’s honest opinion, is the shittiest advice he’s ever heard from a person who’s actually trained to that shit.
Dean smiles through the disappointment and confidently steps towards the door, about to open it and swallow his stupid crush away when Castiel suddenly opens his mouth.
Jack doesn’t want to eat anything they try to feed him, and at night he sleeps in what feels like fifteen minutes at a time. Naptime is a battle, and when he settles down to actually play with some toys, he needs an adult to be there with him at all times, or he gets mad.
“Jack is probably having the time of his life with your brother and Eileen”, Cas says, sounding like he’s trying to convince Dean, but also himself.
“You don’t really wish that”, Cas comforts Dean as he crosses the living room and slumps down on the couch with him, “You’d have to finish your Disney marathon by yourself.”
Dean stares back, trying to get his head in order, but it’s very difficult when his head suddenly thinks he should lean in for a kiss.
The start of their co-parenting, filled with constant fighting and grief surrounding everything they said or did, was so horrible that Dean never wants to think about that again.
First, earlier this week two guys at his garage called in sick and they have been off work since. It doesn’t mean there’s any less cars in need of fixing though, quite the contrary; this week has been the busiest this month, and Dean’s working his ass off, extra hours every day to get everything done.
“You know what you have, though?” Novak says and Dean can feel his breath on his face, “Some paint on your hair.”
But it’s the last week of the last camp and Novak’s staring at him, waiting for him to continue, “If you would want to, you know, continue pointing out my imperfection in the most annoying way possible, I would, I would like to be annoyed by that.”
“Thank you, I appreciate it”, Cas says, his voice still rough enough that Sam gently makes fun of it. The younger Winchester briefly goes through their evening which had been a very wild but a fun one. Cas gives him a short and vague answer when he asks if they had fun last night too.
Cas gives Dean’s stupid little joke a smile so affectionate it causes Jo and Charlie to share a look, muttering something about them both being idiots under their breaths.
The shouted demand from the living room snaps them back to earth, and chuckling quietly, they let go of each other.
Cas says the thing Dean’s wanted to say since they started this review in turns, his wide, drunken smile turning into almost a shy one.
He should wake them up, but it’s not like they’re complaining. And Dean is still tired too, so he closes his eyes and falls back asleep.
He checks the pick up time he has arranged with the customer whose car he just got ready, to see if he has time to run to the store to get something to eat. Cas left for work even earlier than him this morning, leaving him with the kids and let’s just say fighting with Claire Novak and still managing to get both kids to school on time leaves little to no time for breakfast.
Dean takes a peek into the cup, all the different colored boozes together making a very disgusting mix. “This is your go-to drink, Cas?” he asks doubtfully.
The guy has a matching voice to his appearance; low and sexy and it takes a second from Dean to realize the man is asking for help.
“No offence, Meg, but you tend to have that effect on people sometimes”, Cas has to gently point out. He’s trying not to sound disappointed when he continues, “It has nothing to do with me.”
that!” Dean exclaims suddenly, because while she obviously didn’t do it on purpose, Charlie had hit a nerve with that.
“Because it drives me crazy! It’s all I can think about when I’m around you, which, given the circumstances”, he gestures around them, “has to happen too much for my taste. I’ve never felt like this about anyone else, and I don’t like it, okay, because hating the movies you like to watch was just annoying”, he makes a frustrated sound before he can continue, “but realizing that I would be fine staring at a fucking wall for hours if you were just there with me sucks even more. And I get that you want to be friends, but”, he shrugs, “I guess I’m just too in love with you to do that right now.”
Dean throws the screwdriver into the toolbox in protest, “Fine”, he gives in, “An hour. I don’t want to spend all evening here, I’m melting already”, he whines, gesturing around the hot air in the garage.
“Look at our kid eating and mingling with the people”, Dean says jokingly, but there’s a hint of pride in both his and Cas’s eyes as they look at each other over the child.
Dean takes the plate with the two pieces of bread ready, and hands it over before he can stop himself. “Here.”
Cas puts the sleeping child down on the couch and considers his options. He could wake him up and have him angry about it, or he could let him sleep and have him wake up on his own, but angry anyway because he’s too hungry, since it’s been hours from their late breakfast they had right before leaving for the library.
He doesn’t want to complain, but a bar on a Wednesday night just doesn’t feel like it does on the weekends. They’re at their usual place, walking straight to the bar to order, getting their beers right away since there’s no queue.
The invitations weren’t all where Charlie has put her creative side into. There are decorations everywhere, colorful balloons taped into the walls, glittery ribbons tied around the bookshelves and thrown around the tables or any other surfaces there are.
Leaving the bedroom while Cas is still awake feels much more awkward than sneaking out the night before. They just kind of stare at each other for a moment, and then Dean awkwardly gets up. Jack rolls over to the empty space Dean left on the bed without waking up.
“I don’t know what I would want to do”, Cas answers eventually, before yawning, “I do want to sleep now, preferably for several days straight.”
he chooses to be there at that time because he actually wants to see Dean as well, and it kills Dean not to know which one is it.
That one Friday of scheduling problems was only the beginning of a whole new mess of things in their life with a toddler.
Dean drops the keys to the side table by the front door, explaining something on his way to the kitchen, stopping abruptly when he notices Cas is not alone.
Dean is an attractive person. Cas only lets his eyes follow him halfway to the fridge before he realizes what he’s doing and snaps his eyes back to Charlie, who has a weird look on her face, already looking at Cas.
Dean gets experimental in the kitchen and Jack gets more open to the idea of actually tasting the food before throwing it to the floor. It gets easier to notice the slight change in Jack’s behavior when he starts to get tired, and with that naptime gets easier. He still wakes up during the night, crying and it eats them all up inside, to the point that one night, Dean silently hands the kid to Cas, grabs the car keys and drives to his apartment.
“Yeah”, the man under him says, but he’s managed to get one of his hands free and it’s already making its way under Dean’s shirt.
above the kitchen?” he points a finger towards the ceiling to make a point of it, “Maybe don’t have sex if you know we are all in the kitchen.”
Jack looks at them like he recognizes them, when they enter the room where he’s waiting for them with someone who looks like a shrink. She’s wearing a cardigan and a colorful key chain around her neck, everything about her screaming warm and welcoming to listen. She has to be a shrink.
wrote it”, he emphasizes quickly, when Sam gets an amused look on his face, “He almost wrote 911 down for you as well, but I stopped him in time.”
Just woken up, Cas has his guard down, and he suddenly drops his gaze to Dean’s lips, pink and full, the stubble around them visible in detail up close.
“I think all parents are seen as ‘dorks’ by their children at some point. I’m sure Jack will think like that about us sooner or later, no matter what we do”, Cas explains, with that thoughtful look on his face he always has when he’s wondering about something, no matter how big or small.
Bobby sends him on a longer lunch break when he gets snappy for the hundredth time that day, muttering something under his breath while he does. Dean takes the break as free time to sulk in the office and maybe take a nap.
He takes a deep breath and turns the car around. He drives home as fast as he can and still get there safely, waits for Jack to run inside to get his piano notes and drives him to the piano lesson.
But Cas seems to do the same, the moments are brief and ignorable, but Dean notices them all. The way Cas places a hand on the small of his back when he goes around him in the kitchen, the way he sits a bit closer when they watch a movie with Sam and Eileen, the way his hand lingers on Dean’s jaw as he wipes some flour off his skin when they bake pies.
She’s perfected that whenever she makes them spend time in the same space. It’s not Dean’s fault Cas is annoying as fuck.
Few people drink instantly, Meg shrugs and doesn’t drink, Charlie and Jo share this awkward, blushing glance before taking the tiniest sips of their drinks. Dean turns to look at Benny and Andrea just in time to see them contently clink their cups together, exchanging a quick kiss and taking their sips.
“We should head there early to be able to check the place”, Cas says to Dean when they start forming the actual plan.
“And he was even a bigger kid than you are, and he would tell me he doesn’t want to take the medicine”, he continues.
Sam turns on the TV and asks what they should watch but Dean’s too busy to take part in the conversation, because Cas’s back is pressed against his chest, and he has to actually hold the man in his arms to keep him from falling off the narrow space of the sofa.
“Is this Friday still free on the calendar?” Cas asks without lifting his gaze from the phone, almost crashing into Dean because of it.
Cas doesn’t say anything to that, but the smile he gives Dean after that tells him that maybe for once in his life, Dean said the right thing instead of the wrong one.
“You like him”, she realizes, but sounding like she’s not surprised at all, like she’s stating something she already knows.
. There's stuff they obviously need to talk more about, but that's for later, for now this feels like enough talking.
Cas is renting his apartment, and Dean has no idea if he’s keeping it or not. Bobby owns the apartment Dean’s rented from him, so he keeps his contract at least for now, since Bobby keeps the rent low and isn’t keen on finding a new tenant anyway. Dean has a hard time wrapping his head around the fact that this is a permanent situation, him being a guardian for Jack, and he feels like he’ll eventually return back home somehow anyway.
They had a rule, and it annoys him that Cas didn’t keep it. But it’s not like they were having sex in the kitchen, so Dean has no idea why it pisses him off so much really. Which, kind of pisses him off even more. This is their house, Jack’s home, so maybe Cas should share his cute moments with that Mick guy somewhere else, because they sure as hell don’t belong here.
“I wasn’t speaking very politely about you either, and I apologize”, Cas adds, lowering his gaze to his hands.
“Me and Jack are going to the store, you need—” he stops dead in his tracks as he takes in the view in front of him.
But when he saw Cas lying there, unconscious, it’s like all his training and previous experience on the job was gone, and he was left with no ability to think logically. He lost his head on the job, because the short thought of possibly losing Cas got to his head.
Cas sits up when he pays, and Dean uses the time to get out of the car to go around and open the door for Cas. He waves the driver a goodbye when Cas gets out, pushing the door shut.
Dean pushes himself to sit, bringing his hands to Cas’s belt buckle, hastily working it open, which fortunately is much easier to work with, “Cas, take the shirt off, and I’ll show you motor skills, alright?”
After they’ve discussed some of the issues with sleeping and eating, they join Jack on the soft carpet, and she asks him some questions, to which he doesn’t really answer. There’s the toys, and the fact that he doesn’t seem interested enough to talk to her, which Dean can respect. He doesn’t talk much at home either, and when he does it’s to mention Kelly mostly. Their time is up soon after that, and with some more flyers in hand they leave again.
But then Dean started overthinking it, after Sam’s message about bringing this girl Eileen with him, and they’re obviously dating, and maybe Cas will think it’s weird, him joining as a friend. Who says friends can’t join family Christmases anyway?
He doesn’t want to do any thinking, all he wants to do right now is eat some pizza and drown himself into some movie, but his damn couch is too big for him even if it’s been fine before. The apartment around him doesn’t feel that much like home anymore either.
Dean had stacked the fridge full of stuff they knew Jack would eat for sure, because they’ve heard enough nightmare-like descriptions of children who eat too much sugar in a day without any actual food in their system.
The mattress moves a bit as Dean next to him shifts, still sound asleep as he turns to his side, throwing his hand to Cas’s lap in an asleep attempt to cuddle him. Cas glances to his left, at Dean and the way his head slowly falls from his pillow to Cas’s empty one.
Like on cue, his phone rings. Cas is not sure if he’s disappointed or relieved it’s Sam and not Dean who’s calling him.
“It’s okay”, Jack says and smooths a hand on Dean’s head, “She gets mad, then she’s mad, then she’s not. She should not jump into mud.”
Cas tells himself he’s not disappointed. He’s glad Dean snapped him out of it, before he did something stupid in his half asleep state.
Jack’s face lights up when he sees Dean arrive at the living room. The man crashes straight to the couch, the pale color of his face and the bags under his eyes make him look like he’s still hungover.
one”, Cas counters, and steps closer even if he’s already almost chest to chest with Dean. “I’ve been making contacts with MacLeod, have you even located her?”
“We’re not teaching him to eat in here”, Cas argues, “Don’t get used to this, Jack”, he adds, but plants a kiss on the kid’s hair. The toddler has fallen too deep into the TV to pay attention to either of them.
“Yeah”, Dean, still thinking about the weight of the other man against his side, “Wait, what is nice?”
When Jack wakes up the next morning, Cas shows him the date of his birthday on the calendar they have on the wall. They mark it down with a star sticker so that Jack can look at it and know which exact spot on the calendar it is.
Dean can’t hold in the loud, heartfelt laugh that bursts out of him because Cas is not making any sense, and the way he struggles with the words when he tries to sound convincing is hilarious.
They’re arguing, and Cas does look pissed off, but in Dean’s stupid, drunk and horny brain this tension could be sexual as it is irritating, and he wants to knock the crooked cowboy hat off Cas’s stupid head and kiss him crazy and get into those ridiculously tight jeans he’s wearing.
Cas is already on the couch, channel surfing while he waits for Dean. Dean crosses the room, and without thinking about it, joins Cas on the couch, because he hates watching a movie from a chair. It always gets uncomfortable, and his back is not made for it.
“Hi there!” she smiles, and Jack shoots a panicked look at Cas, before hiding his face behind the side of the strollers. “Oh, a shy one, aren’t you?” she laughs a friendly laugh and turns to look at Cas.
Every time either of them figure out the thing Jack is into at the moment, he’s already moving on to the next.
Jack looks proud as he smiles wide, “You can drink coffee, and also juice”, he says, looking thoughtful for a moment, “and tea, and milk.”
They love the kid more than anything in the world, but the promise of one night just for themselves has them grinning and kissing again. Cas slips his hands under Dean’s shirt, warm fingertips grazing the skin on his lower back when he tilts his head a bit to deepen the kiss.
Dean’s at the front door, grabbing his jacket, and just as he’s about to step out, he hears Jack’s excited giggle when Cas starts telling him about something he’s seen on his way to work, but Dean can’t make out the details of the story. It’s something Jack seems to enjoy, and Dean’s glad he’s not sad about him leaving anymore, or he supposes he is.
Silently, they glance at each other before looking around for a place to hide. There isn’t any, and in seconds the guard, who’s keys they can hear clinking in the keychain, is about to step around the corner and bust them right there.
“I was thinking that we could choose the bedrooms, and have a look around the house, if there’s something we have to take care of before tomorrow”, Cas says, sounding so formal even with the lump in his throat he swallows around. “There’s the guest room and then—” he motions towards the hallway that leads to Kelly’s room, unable to finish his sentence, but Dean gets what he means.
Jack asks for more milk, so Dean absentmindedly grabs it from the table and pours some for him, “Just wondering how long you were planning on being away”, he continues, even if it’s a shitty argument, because they already agreed that he’ll take care of Jack today.
Because Cas loves him. Cas says he loves him, and he must be dreaming, because Cas is just standing there, with the most content look on his face, saying he loves him, and when Dean finally blinks his face goes through expressions from confused to doubtful to unbelieving and back, because it feels too unreal, because it can’t be because if Cas loves him why didn’t he—
Dean makes his way towards her, as she carefully pushes herself up from the chair, smiling wide when she steps into the hug he leans in to give.
Dean leans down to pick up a paper plate flown to the grass by the wind. “His mom was quite a party chick, so he’s got it in his genes.”
She picks up the phone, “Relationship 101: there’s a lot between fancy shit and", she peeks at the screen, "a text message that says
Dean whines, but takes the sip directed to him anyway, “Targeting is against the rules”, he mutters around his beer.
Dean’s done a pretty good job avoiding being around Cas all day, but he’s not going to say no to a child who wants to play a board game, because it’s not his fault that he’s fallen in love with Cas.
This felt like the right choice before, but he can’t help but wonder if this is the right thing for Jack after all. Dean’s still not his favorite person, but he’s one of Jack’s, and Cas feels like he’s robbing Jack of time with Dean.
Cas lets out the deepest sigh Dean’s probably ever heard, and he has no idea if it’s a good sign or not.
Cas groans quietly but doesn’t have time to start an argument over it, because Dean’s focus is already somewhere behind him and Charlie. Cas turns around to see a man, who’s just arrived from behind the corner, walking towards them.
Something flashing on the screen catches Dean’s attention, and he turns his gaze back to the TV, aware of the weight against his side the whole time.
Obviously, Jack was there too then, but now when Dean moves to tuck them in, Cas just shifts closer and like a puzzle piece, he somehow finds his place under Dean’s arm.
For Cas and Dean, Jack chose the most colorful button-down shirts he was able to find from their closets, after judging the lack of colors in both their clothing styles, making it very clear how much better his outfit is.
She’s sounding amused more than anything else, but Cas takes off his sunglasses to pinch the bridge of his nose, before glaring at her.
Cas thinks about Jack when he’s watching a young couple with a baby, sitting at one of the tables next to the cashier. The baby starts giggling when the woman makes funny faces, and he has to look away, because it hurts too much to think about the fact that Kelly might never smile at her toddler again.
Jack does look really cute standing there with his yellow raincoat and dinosaur rain boots, because it was raining at night and the ground was still a little wet in the morning. His tiny nose is a bit red from being outside for a while. He lifts the truck, showing it to Donna from a safe distance, but showing it anyway.
They make their way to the bedroom eventually, and Dean closes the door behind them. The room is dark without any lights on, but he walks Cas across the floor to the bed, where he lets him fall down on, legs hanging from the edge of the bed.
Eileen calls from the kitchen door, and Jack basically pushes himself free from Cas’s hold to run back to the kitchen.
When Dean opens his eyes, there’s a bright white light on top of him, hurting his eyes so much he has to close them again for a moment. The amount of cold lighting and the steady beeping coming from a machine to his left tell him that he’s in a hospital. There's a dull pain on his stomach, radiating to his right side, and he can feel he's bandaged up, but his head feels fuzzy enough to ignore it, which is probably thanks to painkillers. He'd say he'll live.
Dean finds himself at the entrance of the nearby park that has a little playground, framed with fences and a gate. He hesitates for a moment, seeing that the bench is already taken with strollers parked next to it, and that there's three mothers around the outdoor table.
Cas bites his lip before answering. “It’s packed”, he says, shooting an annoyed look at someone passing him close by, making him step closer to Dean so that the person won’t crash into him on his way past.
Everything around Cas slows down like it was a movie, the sad head shake of the doctor, Dean storming off, Mrs. Kline collapsing against her husband, and Cas, just standing there in the middle of it all.
He expects Jack to run off as soon as he’s got the equipment in hand, but instead the kid steps closer to Dean, eyeing the sandbox with an unsure but curious expression on his face. It was empty when they were looking at it from the other side of the fence, but now there’s two kids playing in it.
“It doesn’t hurt at all”, Cas assures from the bedroom door, where he’s following all this go down, “It wouldn’t fall on your face all the time if it’s a bit shorter.”
“All we need, really, a moment”, Dean continues. “He’s done fast”, he adds just to piss off the man he’s got pinned against the wall, “I know what I’m doing.”
Because Cas is standing close enough for it to be too distracting to enjoy the silence, or do any more talking.
Dean turns on his heels, holding Jack’s head with his hand as he sprints quietly to the bedroom, trying to ignore the weird feeling twisting in his stomach.
Cas scoffs. He knew it wouldn’t be easy to go through with this, but at least he thought Dean wouldn’t be an asshole about it. It’s hard enough without Dean making him spell it out for him, but if he really wants it that way, fine.
Sam is leaning in to give Eileen a kiss, that turns into a mini make out session, when the others are busy listening to Jo. They probably think they’re being really sneaky, but Dean makes loud, disgusted noise to get everyone to look at the couple.
“I don’t cry in the shower”, he says defensively, looking at Charlie before he turns to look at Cas, “I don’t.”
There’s some outdoor toys at the garage as well, useless in the backyard since there’s no sandbox to play in, so he grabs them with them too.
“I hate that game”, Dean complains like he always does, as he joins the others from the kitchen, two cups full of booze in hand. “We’re not fifteen anymore.”
Dean laughs when he remembers last night, when he came to the apartment to let Cas sleep at home before his early morning.
Charlie levels him with a look, “I think you’re about ten years early on the whole ‘ew my parents kissing is so embarrassing’ phase, Dean.” She smiles a little when she continues, “He’s a kid. Trust me, in his head it’s gonna be much simpler than what it is in–well, whatever you and Cas have instead of a normal brain.”
Much to Dean’s pleasure, Cas’s sassiness gets knocked down a peg, when he gets down to business. Where Cas was eager, straight to the deep end and not teasing earlier, Dean’s the exact opposite.
Jack takes his place on the left side of the bed. Cas tucks him in, under the other blanket, and the tired pout on his face melts away. He’s on his side, face towards Cas, hugging Rebecca close. Smoothing a hand on Jack’s hair, and watching the kid’s eyes flutter closed, Cas gets comfortable as well, tiredness weighing him down too.
“Just answer it”, she laughs, shoving the phone to his hands, and he escapes quickly to the balcony for privacy to do so.
Sam chuckles, “No, you and Cas”, he corrects, “Jack is doing just fine, Cas was heartbroken when he left and seems like you’re not doing so much better either. But we had fun, right Jack?”
Mick’s smile turns into a slightly more relaxed one at that. He reaches for Cas’s hand, “Well, if you want to meet again, you have my number.” And probably to lighten the mood, he adds with a wink, “Married or not.”
He considers for a moment if he should text Cas, since he’s Jack’s godparent as well, but decides against it, for two reasons.
Dean was not prepared for the wave of affection hitting him at the image of Cas sitting on his bed. Of course, he’s seen Cas sit on his bed back in his tiny apartment, before he got a proper sofa, but this is different, this is his childhood room. Here, looking somewhere behind him and unaware of Dean’s gaze in the dim light, framed with the posters on the wall behind him, that Dean’s hanged up there years ago and never bothered to take down, he looks completely different.
“What? Thought we’d have some kid free time together for five freaking minutes”, Dean shrugs, trying to sound nonchalant, “Guess not, then.”
Dean makes a gesture to invite Cas with him to the couch, planning to lift his legs to let the man sit on the other end, but when Cas is near enough, he just lays down on the small, empty space in front of Dean.
He’s dealt with kids getting the sniffles before, Sam used to get sick sometimes like everyone else, but his brother was already a bit older when those times landed on Dean’s shoulders to take care of. Jack’s a toddler, who doesn’t have the same tools to tell him how he feels, like Sam used to.
He picks up the cup and throws it back to the sink, leaning against the counter with his hands to let out a breath as he shakes his injured foot a bit.
“Are you missing him that much already?” Dean chuckles, but his teasing smile falters when Cas just raises his eyebrows at him.
Cas doesn’t get further than giving him an irritated look, when Jack saves Dean from more embarrassment by getting up from the floor.
The way Cas looks at everything and everyone like they’ve personally offended him and his mother gets an audible laugh out of Dean. It earns him the same look from Cas that everything else around them got.
He’s also growing more tired each day, because they have to wake up before Jack. Which is really fucking early because you never know if he’s gonna be up at six or at half past nine. They’ve silently agreed to take turns with the bedrooms, but Dean can’t really sleep after Cas leaves, even when he’s not the one sneaking out.
But every time Castiel makes some comment that could be interpreted as flirty, or sits too close in those uncomfortable chairs, leaning into Dean’s space, Dean feels himself stupidly crushing at the man even harder.
Dean bites his lip, suddenly nervous because of course he knows he has a crush on Novak and that has got to be the most annoying thing about him. But it’s not like he ever thought of admitting it out loud,
His smile turns into a teasing one, when he realizes why Cas probably suggested this in the first place.
They walk out of the hospital in a much lighter mood than they had arrived with. It’s obviously the fact that Jack wasn’t seriously ill even if it got really scary for a moment, but as Dean watches Cas chat with the toddler while he fastens his seat belt, he realizes something else.
They pull up to the street, and Dean recognizes instantly where they are, when he hops out of the truck. There isn’t anything to recognize really, it’s the building he lives in.
The date has been nice. Cas has enjoyed himself and he’s feeling comfortable and relaxed, Mick has been a lovely date all evening. He’s been a gentleman and even though Cas fell into his thoughts too many times, he was always smiling and at least didn’t show he noticed how Cas spaced out into his own shit a few times.
The ring glows purple, swaying a little in the chain. “Good thing I keep my precious items close to me.”
“You cut me off!” Dean huffs out a dry laugh, “You made it pretty clear that morning, so excuse me if I didn’t feel like making an ass of myself—”
that anyway. Dean has actually grown fond of the guy and maybe that is the reason he is so afraid to ask. Cas turning him down would feel so much worse than any random hot person at a bar or on the street.
“It was Goldilocks”, Jack blurts out from behind his hand, pointing at Dean, who shoots the kid a look.
“If we’re watching a movie, I want popcorn”, Cas states. Dean has consciously avoided looking at Cas after the moment under the mistletoe, but now he can’t not look at him with his trademark ‘are you fucking serious’ face.
It looks like a life put on pause. There’re toys on the floor, an empty coffee mug on the table in front of the couch, pillows on the armchair pressed like someone’s just been sitting there.
He’s moved on autopilot ever since he disconnected the call, making his way to the hospital, parking his car, walking through the hallways, following the signs on the walls, and taking the elevator upstairs. The hollow feeling fills him up with something painful and heavy the second Mrs. Kline pulls him into a hug, crying against his chest.
When they get to the bedroom, Jack sits them down on the floor in front of his bed before climbing there and assigning roles to each.
“Look”, Cas whispers when he looks to his left, pointing at one of the closed doors, that has a faint, purple glow coming from underneath the door. “We found it.”
she asks, not buying it. Dean hears keyboard clattering from Charlie’s end, and inaudible sounds from her talking to someone else.
“I’m not”, Dean rolls his eyes, folding the fabric in half, “I’m just curious. You never go on dates.”
“You know, at first when I saw you I thought to myself ‘he seems like friendship material’ but then you had to make me think about sex with Dean Winchester and man, I don’t know if I can be friends with you”, she explains, letting herself in as she walks past Cas, who just stares after her.
He’s waiting for Kelly to arrive around the corner, asking them what the hell they’re sneaking around her house for. Obviously, she won’t, and thinking about it feels stupid.
Now he’s promised the kid a meal he has no idea how to make, so at least he can be the one who lets him on dirty grocery store floors. Cas is pretty sure Dean would
Jack looks around with his mouth hanging open, when Cas pushes the strollers inside the huge lobby with a high ceiling Jack’s trying to glance all the way up to. The library isn’t very crowded, but Jack eyes curiously at the few people walking past them from the safety of his strollers.
“I remember that party”, he says, keeping his eyes in the distance, “I woke up on the floor, my apartment full of people I barely knew, but who I had let stay at my place for the night”, he chuckles again, his mind deep in the memory, “There was like three guys sleeping in my bed, and I
Dean walks around in a circle, trying to shake out whatever shit is flooding in his head, making him want to punch a wall or bang his head right through it. Because Jack is fine, he’s going to be fine, but being here is opening some serious dark and ugly files in Dean’s head and he can’t take that right now, because he can’t deal with that right now.
at Dean’s tempting offer, eyeing Dean’s hairstyle in a way that makes him surprisingly self conscious about it.
Everything kind of finds its place during the next weeks of slowly moving out of their apartments and into the house, moving from one room to another. Things find their place one piece of furniture or a box full of stuff at a time, and everything feels more and more like a home each day, if that’s even possible.
“They didn’t have anyone else”, Cas says, and he looks so tired that he could fall down on the first available flat surface, given the chance.
“No, he slept for a while and after he woke up he wouldn’t settle down”, he explains, and before he can stop himself, the question he’s somehow dying to know the answer to, is out of his mouth:
“Yes”, Cas grunts and moves his head around a bit, taking in the fact that he’s held down by something, before looking at Dean. “Are you?”
“He’s good”, Cas says. Dean clears his throat and Cas seems to remember his existence, gesturing towards him, “I came here with Dean, I’ve gotten to know Charlie through him.”
“How are you, Anna?” he asks, since it’s been a few days they’ve even ran into each other at work. Anna is one of his closest co-workers, one of the few he’d actually call a friend. She ties her red hair up in a ponytail after she’s sat down on the table with Cas.
Dean’s working a longer shift today, because Cas has a day off, so he decides to let the kid sleep for now to give himself peace to figure out some quick lunch to cook.
The kid keeps eyeing Dean fiddling with his car keys, so he puts them back into his pocket. Cas sits on the table with the kid, reading yesterday’s paper, but turning the pages so fast he’s probably not really reading it.
he tells the kid, shooting a knowing look at Cas who doesn’t look back at him, because he's trying to hide the smug smile he has on his face.
He should just date Mick, and be done with it, but even now, he’s using all his energy being angry at Dean instead.
But the part that fucks him up more than anything else is the fact that he wants so much more than that it’s making his head spin. He wants more than a quickie at a balcony he’s had quickies at before. He wants all of it.
And if it isn’t shitty enough as it is, they have to see the damn shrink. She sees through them the second they arrive at the first appointment of the few they have to suffer through.
That moves the kid on top of him enough to shake him from his sleep a bit. Dean feels him shifting before a tiny palm lands on his face with a slap. “Stop it”, the kid mumbles and shuts his eyes tighter.
Looking at Jack there, Dean suddenly finds it harder to keep the tears away. The social workers have said, along with so much other crap, that showing feelings is okay, but he’s not gonna confuse Jack anymore by crying right now.
“Come on”, he laughs as he pushes the bedroom door open behind himself but pulls Cas back against himself the second they’re inside, and even that felt like a moment too long without having him close.
The man on the terrace snaps his head towards the door as he hears Dean, looking guilty and pissed off at the same time, “What?” he grunts, but looks down at the cigarette between his fingers, embarrassed.
That’s all the convincing Dean needs. He hangs up and nods Cas to follow him along, and they sneak their way upstairs.
For now they’ve silently fallen on this every second night kind of routine, where they take turns in spending time with Jack and putting him to bed, and they rarely have to see each other during the day, which, to be honest is kinda awesome.
“What do you think, Jack?” he asks, a proud smile playing on his lips when he walks closer, gesturing to the construction behind him.
Jack points at one of the pillows on the floor, “Sit there”, he orders Cas as he gets his pins in order on the coffee table, ready to make Cas suffer through the beauty treatment Dean already got.
“Haven’t seen you in a while!” The familiar bartender, Pamela, recognizes him as she pours him the beer. Dean chuckles at her.
Cas chuckles, and the old memory floods out before he even realizes it, “I remember waking up one morning when Kelly—" He stops the second her name is past his lips, looking up at Dean, who is staring right back at him, mirroring his expression.
“Are you sure you don’t remember what kind of can it is?” Cas tries again, asking a literal three-year-old what type of pasta sauce they have.
The stubble of Cas’s neck tingles at his lips and Cas’s hands, now wandering free on his body, setting a fire wherever they touch, going from his thighs to underneath his shirt. Cas needs to stop making the sounds he does when Dean moves his tongue on his skin, because they make Dean insane and unable to want to hear anything else ever again. He brings his lips back against Cas’s, who kisses him back like he was hungry for it. There are sounds against lips, Dean’s not sure which of the two of them is making them, but he doesn’t care, the sounds are low, obscene and full, and when Cas rocks his hips up against Dean, he realizes just how hard he is just from the kissing, they
Fortunately, he’s fully dressed and has Jack trapped at the kitchen table while he fixes himself something to eat, when Cas finally comes out of his room.
He asks her to double his order, and after Benny’s gotten his, the men head to a table by the window. Dean takes a sip from one of the beers right after he’s sat down, sighing content, when he swallows the cold liquid.
They agreed to meet later at the motel room Dean and Sam have booked, and right on time, there’s a knock on their door. Dean gets up from the bed to open the door to Cas. The man sits down on the table with Sam, opening his own laptop. Dean flops back down on the bed and lets them do the boring work while they toss around ideas.
Dean hates undercover cases, but he loves the food in this one. There are waiters walking around with silver trays in their hands, stacked with all kinds of small foods, and Dean’s determined to taste all of them during the evening.
“See you later”, Cas says with fake politeness, looking like he’s holding back a more heated reaction to Dean’s words.
“Great!” she beams, before laughing a bit, “That is also the first time ever that I’ve heard you two agree on something. My baby is a miracle maker already.”
Getting Jack to calm down enough to actually eat more than a random spoonful here and there is a battle Dean eventually decides to lose. Jack holds his arms out when they’re done, saying he wants Dean to pick him up from the chair, and Dean agrees, grabbing the boy in his arms.
Jack has every right to feel that way, because he’s fucking three, and he just wants his mom there. He deserves adults who are better at parenting than they are. He deserves someone who knows how to dress him up when it’s a certain weather outside, someone who knows when it’s time for a nap, or someone who knows not to put soap directly at his head in the shower or it will fall down on his eyes, and it will feel like the end of the world to everyone involved.
He wants to do better, he wants to be better, but he has no idea how. He has to try, because even if this situation is completely different and he
Surprisingly enough, Jack obeys right away, and Cas turns his attention back to the sauce cans on the shelf. There’s exactly
“Night”, Dean answers without properly looking at him, eyes on the TV where the end credits have rolled ages ago and it’s now suggesting more movies to watch.
There’s a woman walking past them, wearing a ponytail high up her head, and it gives Dean an idea. “Come on.”
“Or I swear to God you won’t walk out of this room alive”, Dean growls darkly. Looking surprised, Rowena actually drops her hand, letting Cas go. Cas falls forward as much as the magic bound lets him, breathing hard.
“Mornin’”, Dean grumbles, with his voice thick with the hangover, and as soon as he speaks, Cas wishes he would’ve been able to escape the bedroom without waking Dean up.
Dean will never get used to the wave of jealousy that hits him like a ton of bricks to the face in situations like this.
Dean slides his hands under Cas’s shirt again and this time manages to slide the shirt off the other man. He throws it to the floor and their lips meet again, but they get to enjoy the kissing for about three more seconds before reality hits and instead of a moan, a yawn stretches through Cas’s face.
“Look, lady, we’re good, okay”, Dean repeats, “It’s been rough, and we’re still learning stuff, but it’s nothing we can’t handle.”
during all those moments that they’ve spent glaring at each other through the years, or that he hasn’t thought about the kiss they shared at the museum.
Now that they’re spending more time around the house all three of them again, Cas is there too this morning, buried under a blanket on one of the armchairs, knees pulled up to his chest, deep into the book in his hands, with a concentrated frown on his brows. He’s completely in his own mind, unbothered by the excited sounds the children on the TV, and Jack, are making.
Dean looks at Cas, with so much love for him, for the life they’ve built together, since that chilly but sunny September morning exactly twelve years ago, when Castiel walked into that garage. That first meeting that lead to a date, that lead to many others, eventually to marriage and two, perfect children and a home.
Dean finds the movie okay, but Cas’s head gets heavier as the scenes go on, probably because he’s not into action that much. Maybe he’s more tired than him, but halfway through the movie, a head lands on Dean’s shoulder and he almost jumps at that, so zoned out into whatever’s happening on the screen.
“We were there yesterday”, Sam says so casually Dean’s sure he didn’t catch what Bobby said word for word, “The ice is quite thin from here and there, so be careful.”
Jack has zero chill when it comes to his toys not working the way he wants them to, but fortunately he continues his play when Dean hands the toy back, after removing the sand that kept the wheels from moving.
Eventually they have to face the doctor walking down the hallway towards them, and everything stops when she stands there, briefly looking at each pair of eyes staring back at her.
For Sam’s sake, Cas is trying to get Jack to eat something before they leave, because dropping off a hangry toddler would just be mean. He can hear the shower running as he tries to offer a forkful of pasta to the toddler, who’s too busy playing with the toys he’s suddenly allowed to bring at the table.
Charlie laughs and helps Cas carry the stuff outside, taking the soda bottles Cas took from the fridge. “A real wingman, aren’t you Jack?”
“Anyone would look handsome next to that ugly thing”, Dean points out as he opens the bottle before taking Cas’ and opening it for him.
“As I mentioned on the phone, we’re here to discuss the guardianship of Jack Kline”, she answers, and opens some files in front of her, “Given that Kelly was a single mother, there’s not another parent to be a guardian for him”, she continues, eyeing the papers, “On cases like this, we want to work quickly to avoid short period placements, and see if there’s a family member to take care of an orphaned child.”
“It’s nice that you bake pies for people less fortunate than us”, Cas comments when Bobby and Ellen have left, and he’s doing dishes with Dean.
Charlie holds back a grin, “I’m pretty sure Dean had a huge crush on him like years ago”, she reveals, and Cas hopes his expression isn’t as dark as he feels. “He never admitted, but I just knew”, Charlie doesn’t seem to notice anything weird in Cas, because she’s so into getting to gossip, “but nothing ever happened, and then they just became really good friends.”
“And who’s the third one in the picture?” Dean asks, pointing at the smallest person in the picture, between him and Cas. He winces as Jack accidentally kicks him in the stomach when he gets excited in his arms.
“I can imagine”, Cas says, filling the sink with water, rolling his sleeves up as he waits for it to fill, “You better get used to it, I have a feeling we’ll have that thing there for a long time.” His hunch is supported by Jack’s excited sounds as he plays in the living room.
Cas can’t help but smile when he’s watching the two, even if his smile is a sad one. In moments like this, the thought of just trying to be friends with Dean feels impossible, because he just wants to be there, next to him under the covers instead of watching this all from aside.
Then a sidebar advertisement of a grocery store sale reminds him that they forgot to stop to get groceries on their way home.
“It’s also a sign that a child feels safe enough around an adult to express all emotions, when he’s learning how to manage them”, Cas points out softly.
Without looking up, he knows that Cas, leaning against the counter next to him, has his curious eyes on him, so he knows there’s a question coming eventually.
There had been some disagreements about when to go to sleep all week, and it seems it’s not getting better just yet.
Cas reluctantly puts the hat on and checks himself from the rear-view mirror before turning his unimpressed expression towards Dean.
And with that reality, some more ugly feelings creep up to his gut, but he’s too hungover to register anything else than what he’s already trying not to deal with.
“But, uh, speaking of moving in”, Dean continues a bit more seriously, when they lean away from the kiss, “Sam’s friend is moving to town to study and, uh, she’s looking for an apartment. So, I kinda promised to show her mine next week, if she’d want to rent it from Bobby.”
Looking at the two sleeping there, Dean doesn’t want to leave the room. But he can’t stay either, so eventually he forces himself to get up, trying not to wake the two when he makes his way out of the room.
“Then what did you mean?” Cas asks simply, putting his cigarette off in the ashtray on the table next to him and grabbing his empty cup from there. He turns his focus back on Dean, continuing before he gets a chance to answer, “I’d rather have you not trying to sleep with my friend”, he sneers, “because from what I saw, you got that already covered for the night.”
Dean wants to roll his eyes at the way this Meg chick runs her hands down Cas’s arm slowly, like she’s taking her time to enjoy the way his muscles feel under her fingertips.
Luckily, if they get all four of them, Sam has found a spell that can be cast on them to take the power off, but it requires all rings in the fire at the same time, hence the long and frankly boring case.
Dean remembers that Sam tried to call him earlier that evening, but he was too busy to answer then, so he decides to try to call him back now, in case he has something important.
“I’d listen to your boyfriend if I were you, he seems scary”, the girl says, blows another bubble and pops it.
“It’s not bad parenting to take some time for yourselves, man”, he rolls his eyes, “And I’m not just saying this because of your weird beef with Cas but in general. Might do good for all three of you to get some me time.”
The chick turns to look at him, and Dean tries his best to offer a somehow friendly smile. He ignores the warm feeling and the will to grin triumphantly at the fact that Cas said he’s there with him.
“It’s fine”, Cas says, “Sorry about kicking you.” And then, “Well, I guess that’s not true, I think it was justified.”
“What should we do today, Jack?” he asks as he gets up and walks them to the fridge to grab them something to eat first.
Dean closes the book when he’s done, turning off the light from his side of the bed. He leans down to plant a gentle kiss on top of Jack’s head, like he usually does when he leaves the kid sleeping in his own bed.
Dean doesn’t have time to come up with a good comeback, when his phone on Charlie’s hand starts vibrating.
Cas has to turn back to them when Dean hands the sad boy to him. Dean holds his hand up, and Jack gives him a high five.
The coffee mug makes a hollow sound as it hits the floor on the other side of the lobby, where Dean throws it forcefully, but it still makes Cas flinch. Dean takes a deep breath in, and from the top of his lungs, he screams:
Benny holds out a hand and Cas grabs it. His handshake is firm and short, but Cas doesn’t understand the quick head to toe look Benny gives him.
Dean laughs at that and it catches on Cas. The moment lasts for exactly the few seconds it takes them to look at each other, and the moment built up on its own is gone.
Cas disagrees with him, because Jack has to eat before his nap, but if the fucking kid won’t eat, Dean can’t force him to, and he’s so tired the fact comes out of his mouth quite aggressively.
He hated going there, he hated the smell of the place, he hated the waiting. Dean could use the time to study, but usually he ended up watching Netflix from his phone.
“Do I have to spell it out for you? I am not going to sleep with him”, she says carefully, “But I seriously think someone should.”
trying to set you guys up”, she calms them down, “what I am asking is for you two to be the godparents for my baby.”
Cas’s expression holds nothing but genuine understanding, “Grief can mess with your head, Dean, it’s completely normal.”
He’s probably just the right amount of too drunk, or it’s the fact that Cas is on top of him, kissing him like his life depends on it, but for some reason Dean’s having real troubles working his fingers on the buttons, and his frustration is boiling over.
Couple days later, Dean rolls himself from under the truck he’s fixing, when he feels his phone vibrate in his pocket. Bobby tried to make him stay at home after the accident, but he’s managed to assure him that the best thing he can do to take care of himself now is working.
Acting all happy and fine in front of Jack, all while avoiding Cas leads to all of Dean’s shit boiling over at work, where he’s snappy at almost everyone but the customers that he’s just plain avoiding by letting someone else deal with them.
Cas does his best to look away, but his eyes find Dean’s shoulders, and the way the t-shirt stretches around them, sticking to the skin with sweat. Jack is saying something again, but Cas is too busy admiring the way Dean looks like in the sun, soft and muscly, arms hooked around his legs when he leans against them a bit.
They’re both silent after that. Cas is filled with emotions from anger to bitter annoyance, but mostly he’s just feeling sad somehow.
“It’s been awesome”, Dean smiles, “Brand new fort, a little housewarming party with friends”, Dean gestures at the carefully placed stuffed animals around them, “so life’s looking up. We even took a nap here, didn’t we, Jack?”
love it how my chapters get longer and longer, but i refused to cut anything from this so here's 9.4k of stuff! hope you enjoy! <3
He remembers having a conversation about this with Kelly once, on some random afternoon when he dropped by on his lunch break to grab a cup of coffee with her. But it’s one thing to name a guy on paper for a thing that should never happen, and then have exactly that thing happening.
Charlie silences him by grabbing his arm to get his attention, “I think our friendship has now reached the point where I’m qualified to give you one of these:”
“Are you suddenly not going to work or what?” Dean asks, snapping him into reality with his demanding, annoyed tone, “Because I’m not listening to you bitch about being late if you sleep in on your own.”
He escapes it by turning around to put the tools away, knowing his uncle will just stand there, patiently waiting.
“Just trying to help”, Novak says quietly, and Dean almost thinks he’s dropping it, but then he opens his stupid mouth again,
“That in the middle of all this mess, I managed to fuck up so bad that I fell in love with you?” Dean finishes for him, giving him a sarcastic, tight lipped smile, “Yeah, pretty much. And it
Jack squirms so much that Dean lets him go before he accidentally kicks off his towel, and the kid runs away as soon as his feet touch the ground.
is Dean’s first thought when he wakes up on his stomach, his hand draped over someone, head on a pillow that’s not his.
but he knows he can’t have all of him. He knew it would hurt, but at least he thought Dean would be able to act normal about it, even if he would think it was an embarrassing mistake.
“Can’t believe that from our little angel”, Donna coos at Jack who has a perfect timing to smile at her. “See, look at that cute smile!”
Most of the guests have stayed there all night, so when it’s time to either call it a night or continue to an afterparty, the hallway is crowded with everyone trying to find their shoes and jackets at the same time.
Cas keeps his eyes closed for just a second longer before he pushes himself to sit, hugging the boy and wishing him a happy birthday. Jack jumps on his bed while he puts on a t-shirt that’s hanging from the headboard.
“Someone’s been eating my porridge”, Cas growls lower than his narrator voice, when Papa Bear speaks. Jack slaps a hand on his mouth to keep himself from bursting to laugh.
Dean’s not the type to whine about his problems, but he can’t help the words flooding out of him when Sam asks.
“She’s—not here”, he says calmly and forces himself to look at Jack, “You’re with me and Cas.” He tries to reach for the kid but it’s clear that he doesn’t want him close.
Jack loves the ones that air on Sunday mornings, which gives him some almost child free time to sit on the couch and relax while the TV is keeping Jack entertained for a while.
“We should celebrate”, Dean decides, and Cas looks like wants to get up and leave. “We could have a barbecue.”
She takes a deep breath in, before she starts, “You know how you two are my best friends, and I love you more than anything—”
Cas wakes up before sunrise, drifting away from the sleepy bliss into the reality that he’s spooning someone. Not
Dean’s already shrugging his jacket on, “Sounds awesome, man, really does, just, not in the mood tonight.”
But Dean’s not, because it hurts too much and he can’t afford to lose any more than he already has, and it’s easier having Cas hate him for being an ass than to face the reality that he doesn’t feel the same way.
“You’ll ruin it!” Dean holds the knife out as an example, “You were gonna cut the meat with this? No.”
“What do you want to watch?” Cas asks as he switches to Netflix with the remote, not taking his eyes off the TV.
Sam eyes the box for a moment before nodding, and Dean grabs one bag and places it into a mug, pouring hot water on top of it.
Castiel is not only gorgeous by the looks, but he is also funny in a way Dean thinks most people would underestimate and really clever and always getting into conversations with Dean, showing interest in everything they talk about, no matter how mundane it is, or something he know nothing about.
The only one there is Dean, standing by the window with his back to Cas. He stares outside where the sun is setting already, standing so still he looks like he’s not even breathing, a coffee mug still in his hands.
When he opens the fridge, he finds something even better: two containers that weren’t there earlier, with a post-it note stuck on the top of one of them.
“Oh, you pretty thing, I know a lot more than that”, Rowena muses. “And more importantly, I know you boys have the rest of the rings.”
Jack refuses to eat breakfast one morning. It isn’t completely uncharacteristic of him, but he’s not his normal ball of energy he usually is in the mornings either, the way he’s slumped in his chair, reminding more of Dean in the mornings than himself.
That gets a dry laugh out of the blonde, she raises her brows at him, “Dude, we spend almost every afternoon at this goddamn park. You wouldn’t be bothering at all.”
Cas hates grocery shopping in general but being at the store during rush hours with a toddler who doesn’t want to be there with you adds an extra layer to just how unpleasant it is.
As time has passed, Dean’s more and more convinced it’s not a bad change. He’s exhausted even listening to Charlie’s explanation of the after party of the LARPing event she had been to last weekend.
“I left you my number”, she says, not even offended by how clearly Dean didn’t even remember her name, “I had to run, but you said you’d call.”
Dean changes the channel when there’s another commercial break on the screen, “What if I didn’t want to wear a tux?” he asks, just to mess with Cas.
Cas joins him there a bit after he’s arrived, but other than a short greeting, they don’t speak to each other, the weight of their last meeting probably still heavy on both their minds.
Dean just shakes his head a bit, chuckling again, “Nothing.” He opens his eyes, “Just keep kissing me.”
The other reason behind his lighter mood is Cas, who stepped in the right moment, said the right thing and held his damn hand.
“No, I just chose the bottles with the highest percentage of alcohol in them and mixed them together”, Cas says, smiling content, “I doubt it’ll be the most delicious of drinks, but you said getting drunk would help, so.” He gestures at the cups.
Dean’s initial reaction is to try to push away, but Cas’s hold of him is tight. Dean keeps trying to get away, but Cas doesn’t let go, forcing him into the hug that doesn’t give the comfort it should.
There’re toasts, eggs, fruits and all kinds of other things left from Christmas brunch Dean managed to find in the fridge. He loves cooking, but the fact behind the tray full of food is simply that he was panicking about last night and trying to avoid coming back upstairs for as long as he could, hence the fancy breakfast.
to walk like a person”, Dean chuckles quietly, tightening his grip on Cas’s waist as the man hits his toes against a step again.
“Fuck, Cas, I’ve wanted to do this for so long”, he pants as he trails kisses down his neck. There’s a hand moving all the way down, and Cas can’t hold in any sounds when Dean works his hand on him, the heat of it building in him fast as Dean whispers stuff in his ear, and he’s almost there, but someone’s banging at the door—
When Sam's done rambling, he realizes Cas is on the other side of the bed. “You’re still here”, he observes out loud, sounding a bit surprised.
Cas lets Jack out from the strollers, and they walk down past the colorful shelves, stacked with books, the one’s for the little kids placed on the bottom shelves, so low that Jack could reach them.
“Don’t take those, Jack”, he says once again, when he sees the kid reaching for a huge jar of pickles on the bottom shelf.
Jack seems like he’s had a secret stash of sugar in his bedroom and while they slept, he’s emptied it all.
He hasn’t seen his friends in a while, busy with either work, sleep or Jack, so it’s nice to have some adult company, even if they share nothing in common. After the ladies get the questions out of their systems and Dean’s in the clear, it’s actually quite nice. They’ve enough coffee to offer him another cup, and if anything, these women understand what it’s like living with a toddler.
Cas agrees with a smile. Before Dean can continue the conversation, the man’s focus is somewhere else already,
He takes the phone from him before the kid falls off the barstool he’s almost standing on, telling him to sit down properly before he hurts himself. He chooses Dean’s number and hands the phone back to Jack, turning to the counter to pour himself some coffee.
“Time to brush some teeth, then”, Dean says to Jack, putting him down for a moment to take off his jacket. He asks Jack to lead the way and the two of them disappear to the bathroom. The night routine goes by smoothly, Jack’s already got his onesie on, he chooses the book and with Rebecca Rabbit, his beloved plushie, he climbs to bed.
Dean closes the door and carries the steaming pizza box straight to the living room without bothering to take a proper plate or cutlery from the kitchen. He ignores the messages from Charlie, who’s spamming him with gossip messages like she always does after a party, and a call from Benny.
“Yeah, fell asleep like forty minutes ago”, Dean confirms, “He wanted to read a book about a swan? I’m pretty sure he said swan, but I didn’t find any from the shelf.”
Leftovers on his plate, Cas sets his office to the kitchen table, opening his calendar to check some meeting schedules for the next week, when he hears Dean’s footsteps down the hallway.
“Well, thank you for inviting me”, Cas says quietly, “This has been much more pleasant than being alone at home already.”
“Being a godparent is a huge responsibility”, Cas talks, looking at Dean up and down, “Are you up for things like that, Dean?”
Dean breaks the last bit of tension with a joke, “I’m not gonna hug you, not at least after you’ve showered.”
Jack looks around with this excited expression with hints of being a toddler in a new environment, but when Dean glances to his right, Cas just looks plain annoyed.
Cas drops his tote bag and walks past him to the fridge to help with setting the table, handing stuff to Jack who carries them to the table one by one.
He’d fallen asleep before he made his way to his own bed. Jack must’ve climbed on top of him during the night, and Cas has occupied the empty space, the space that is against Dean’s side as he lays there on his back.
When he’s done with his shower, Cas’s got some quick meal done for Jack and for himself, and he offers it to Dean too. He’s hungover and hungry, so he grabs a plate and joins the other two on the table, and eats with them before he leaves home.
“If I’m the only one he’s met more than a few times, no wonder he’s shy around new people”, Sam says, but he doesn’t sound accusing.
There isn’t anything, not even a text. Cas is relieved, and disappointed at the same time. He wonders if Jack is already sleeping since it’s getting late.
Dean can’t help the tiny part in him thinking that maybe he just imagined some of it, and Cas isn’t really
Jack takes Sam and Eileen with him to show them his new coloring book that’s in his room, and the second they’re left alone, Dean escapes to the kitchen.
They don’t talk to each other during the dinner, but the air around the table isn’t tense or on the edge of a fight for once.
He’s not seriously thinking Cas would want something like that, but hey, there’s that tiny part in his brain saying
“Uh, I think I’m gonna skip”, he says as he looks back into the brown eyes, “I think I’m just gonna head home.”
In the safety of Dean’s arms, tiny fingers nervously fidgeting with one of the two ponytails he has on the top of his head, Jack eyes curiously at the two guests. He gets excited fast, when Sam reveals a gift that he’s holding behind his back, wrapped in colorful paper.
The kid looks like he’s handed him the moon and cherishes the worn out, braided thing with love and affection. He even makes sure the long strings, that he refused to let Dean cut off, don’t dip into his soup during lunch.
Dean had wanted to smack himself. Why didn’t he just go through with it last night? Because if Cas never wanted to see him again, at least they could’ve had fun hooking up. From what he could tell just from the start of it, they definitely would’ve had a good time. Dean had almost burned the eggs on the pan when his mind wandered back to last night, and how Cas had felt underneath him, how
The kid actually agrees to join them in the living room. He runs down the hallway but stops at the doorway, eyeing doubtfully at the two standing there awkwardly in the space between the couch and the armchair.
Cas studies his face for a moment. Dean feels his eyes flickering around his face, but he can’t look away, or maybe he doesn’t even want to.
Dean turns his whole body towards Cas and looks at him with his best ‘what the fuck’ face, but Cas just
They’ve had a good time, and as the evening goes by, Cas is able to forget about the tense atmosphere at home and Dean’s weird, snappy mood. He gets it, Jack’s been a handful for a while now, and he’s been stressed with work, leaving Dean alone with Jack a lot.
“Yeah”, Dean answers, like it’s the easiest question in the world. Which is kinda terrifying considering the next part that slips out of his mouth without him catching, “but does Cas?”
Fortunately, Charlie has some personal gossip to share, and it overpowers whatever her brain is trying to figure out about Cas, and she drops it quickly. They fall into a conversation about whatever Charlie talked about with Jo, and it works as a good distraction for Cas to not think about how Benny now seems less annoying than he did a few minutes ago.
“You know we can’t sneak around forever, Dean”, Cas sighs, smoothing a hand down the front of Dean’s shirt.
He’s staring down at the two plates he’s holding, a hand subconsciously reaching for the third, when Cas arrives from his room to the kitchen doorway, holding the way too familiar, stuffed full tote bag on his shoulder that’s a wordless sign for Dean that he’s ready to leave.
Cas licks his lips, his eyes heavy with something as he stares at Dean and waits for his answer. Dean’s suddenly very aware of how close they are, the distance between them has gotten way much shorter since they first laid down on the bed. He’s aware of all the parts of his body that are touching Cas, from their toes, to thighs, to the hand still on Cas’s back.
Turns out Cas has decided that that’s the first night he’ll do something away from the house for the first time since they moved in, and has something scheduled for that evening as well.
: what he wanted to eat, what he wanted to wear, how many episodes of Paw Patrol he wanted to watch in a row.
Dean genuinely looks like he has no idea what Cas is talking about, and it makes the expression on Cas’s face turn bitter, when he’s forced to elaborate.
“I know you must hate what happened", he mutters, "but if eventually you’re able to look past the mistake made in the heat of the moment, I just want to be—”
Dean jolts from his thoughts when the passenger door opens and a duffel bag is thrown to the back seat, before Cas slides to the front seat, closing the door behind him. He looks like he’s just dressed as quickly as he could, the hood of his hoodie stuck underneath his jacket collar, holding a pair of gloves in his hand, hair sticking to all directions at once.
in his head before he can stop himself, and as it hits, Dean instantly leaves the room, closing the door behind him.
Cas takes it off for him, holding his head in place with one hand and removing the pin with another, his movements much gentler than Jack’s had been when he’d put them there.
Like the way they’re sitting down together, but away from each other with Cas at the kitchen table and Dean on the other side of the room by the kitchen isle.
The flash of normality felt so good Cas wants to hold onto it for a little bit longer, like a desperate person.
The same affectionate smile Dean has on his face spreads on Cas’s, when he spots the kid in the vehicle. Looking at Cas smiling lifts Dean’s mood almost as much as Jack’s joy.
Dean likes his new station a lot. He’s been working there only for a couple of months, but he’s already making friends with his coworkers, there has been enough action to keep them going, but nothing that they couldn’t handle, and at the end of the day, no one has died, so it has been great.
When the schedules got sorted out and Sam was actually free that weekend, they started preparing Jack for the sleepover away from home.
that’s a weird name”, he comments, when Cas finally gives him some information, “Where did you meet him?”
The thought of having sex with Dean has crossed Cas’s mind enough times to confirm his attraction towards the man is getting out of hand, but it’s not the only thing he’s jealous about when he looks at the man being busy flirting with other people.
“He’d better”, Dean says and ruffles Jack’s hair before getting up. “There’s that tasteless chicken and some leftover pasta in the fridge if you get hungry.”
Dean hooks the backpack to his shoulder and walks over to help the kid. He carefully opens the rusty door, and picks Jack up. “Think you could drive it all by yourself?” he asks, “I’ll wait right here.”
The only good news they get during the day is about Jack, who is okay all things considered. They haven’t seen him yet, but they’re told he’s on a different wing of the hospital and they could see him later. That’s the only thing keeping Cas above the water, knowing that at least he’s okay.
“I hope Jack wants to sleep in and Sam is not calling us to pick him up at six am”, Cas grumbles and Dean’s not sure if Cas missed what he said or if he just didn’t care.
But there’s no mattress, just his bed with two sets of bedsheets, two pillows neatly next to each other, two blankets folded on top.
Cas seems to consider his offer for a moment, before nodding to agree. They decide it’s best to get it done before tomorrow morning when there’s a toddler with them, and they get to work. Cas starts washing first, handing plates for Dean to dry, and when he’s done his half, they switch places.
“Thank you. These are actually quite nice”, Cas says, referring to the socks, before tapping a finger against the mixtape. “This, I will have to get back to you.”
He takes the tray Dean offers when he’s finished with the song. Dean puts Jack down on the bed, the boy is eyeing the wrapped present in his hands.
Cas brings a hand to the side of his face, turning his head a bit to deepen the kiss, and Dean’s damn happy he’s sitting down because he’d probably be knees weak on the floor, because Cas is
“And you’ve let me walk around with it all this time?” Dean plays offended, wiping his cheek himself for good measure. “Some friend you are.”
“Hush now”, Donna waves a dismissive hand at Jody, “The wounds of my morning with a teenager are still vivid.” The conversation switches to older kids again, and Dean forgets about his little memory sharing.
Dean drops a frustrated head on Cas’s shoulder, his groan muffled on the fabric of his jacket. Cas shakes a little when he laughs quietly, smoothing a hand down Dean’s back, now on the top of the shirt.
Bobby and Ellen head off to Jody’s to take the pies Dean’s baked earlier, so that Jody and the girls can take them to the Christmas food sharing event they host every year.
The kid appears back from the kitchen, chocolate stains all over his mouth. He licks his face when he steps into the hug Dean’s crouched to give. When he lets go of Dean, Cas leans down to hug him as well.
“Cas thought it was very romantic”, he assures, drops down on the armchair like he’s really cool and grabs his controller. “Let’s win this shit.”
getting involved”, she starts, pointing a finger at him, “but I’m just gonna ask anyway. Do you have feelings for him?”
“Oh, you didn’t lock the door”, he says, looking completely unbothered by the fact that Cas is still standing under the water.
Hot enough for Dean to accidentally hit on him when he was drunk and hadn’t met the guy properly yet, but he’s glad he dodged that bullet before anything actually happened, because Cas is the worst. He’s too serious, clearly doesn’t like anything Dean is as a person, and he gets on Dean’s nerves every time they’re in the same place. Which happens sometimes, since they share a best friend, but that’s literally all they share.
Jack goes to sleep so early most of their guests are still there when Cas grabs the boy and goes inside to put him to bed. Their get together is so chill, that Jack can easily sleep in his bedroom, and when he’s asleep Cas just turns on the baby monitor and puts it next to his bed, taking the other end with him outside, so he’s able to hear if Jack wakes up, which he has rarely done lately.
waterproof, but while Jack hated getting it wet when Dean had to wash the soup away earlier, he doesn’t understand why he should take it off while he takes a bath.
“Couldn’t have said it better myself”, he eventually says, shooting a grin at Cas, but paired with the cold eyes it just looks off.
anyway, this chapter is me enjoying idiots in love as a trope to write a bit too much, probably. it's mostly just soft chaos, because i love soft chaos <3
Most of the stuff he’s gotten has either Paw Patrol or Peppa Pig on them, because they had hinted to everyone that those two are in at the moment. It seems like everyone’s done a good job with choosing their gifts since Jack is in awe of each and every one.
He turns to Cas, grabs him by the front of his tux and pushes him against the wall, sealing their lips together. Cas protests for about half a second out of confusion, before he gets in on the plan, bringing his hands to Dean’s waist, tilting his head to give Dean a better access to his mouth, and they make out for a few seconds until the light of the flashlight hits their faces.
Jack considers for a moment, quickly glancing at Cas, but grabs Sam by the index finger, and slowly lets himself be walked down the hallway towards the living room.
“Nah, I got it”, he says casually, but the message behind it is clear, like it always is when Cas tries to be friends again and Dean shuts him out.
Dean is lying on his side, barely fitting in there, his feet outside under one of the blanket walls. Jack sits in the middle, with some stuffed animals.
“I hate this shirt”, he grunts between kisses, as his movements to get Cas out of the clothing are getting more desperate, when Cas proceeds to trail kisses down his throat.
Dean’s trying hard to remember her name, but he’s so tired he’s not sure if he even remembers his own.
“Guess what, Jack?” he starts, going for a tone that would get the kid’s interest, “When Sammy was a kid like you, he would get sick too, and he would have to take medicine like you”, he tells.
Now it ends when Cas closes the bedroom door after them as quietly as he can. They’ve sat there in the silence for a moment to wait for Jack to fall asleep properly before getting up and sneaking out.
He puts the phone away and takes his container from the fridge to heat it, his stomach already growling a bit. His phone vibrates on the counter with Dean’s message.
Dean walks over towards the coffee table and picks up a dirty washcloth that looks like it’s been used to dry spilled coffee. There’s a bit of dust on the surface visible in the sunlight that pours in from the big windows.
She’s a complete stranger to Jack and she did in fact speak quite loudly even if she meant to be friendly, Cas wants to point out, but the woman continues before he can as much as squint at her.
the best”, Jack says to take part in their conversation. He crouches next to the spot on the front yard of the garage, where the concrete meets the grass and starts to collect small rocks, “Look at this rock! It’s so tiny! Maybe the tiniest ever.” He spots another one, “Nope, that’s even tinier.”
“Do you think—” Cas starts quickly, swallowing, “that we can go back to the way things were before?”
“I guess I thought so too”, Dean hears himself admitting when he turns his attention back to the screen to continue playing.
When he does, the kid walks him across the room towards Dean, “I want both”, he states firmly as he grabs Dean’s hand too, looking up at him, “because you make the funny sounds best”, he looks at Cas, “and you are the best at Papa Bear, so that’s why”, he explains, turning to stubbornly stare ahead.
Bevell smiles a bit, “The situation is good because Jack has only just turned three. Finding a family for a child so young is always easier than with the older children.”
Dean wants to pat himself and Cas on the shoulder for the first civil conversation they’ve probably ever had, but he doesn’t want to risk it.
He hands the coffee to her, getting her attention for that second just as Dean continues: “Except I don’t sleep with gay chicks.”
He drinks half of the coffee in silence while Dean finishes up with the pancakes. Dean turns off the stove and grabs the plate of pancakes, bringing it to the table, announcing it’s pancakes time.
Benny arrives behind him, slapping a hand on his shoulder. “Well, the pie’s not edible, and you’re gonna have a smoky scent around the house for a while, but everything else is checked.” He gives a smile and a nod at Cas, before quickly glancing at Dean.
That was not smooth, but Cas is definitely holding back a smile, Dean’s pretty sure of that, so he continues.
The first thing Cas has his attention on is Dean’s flannel that’s hanging from a nail on the castle wall. He follows his gaze down, and finds Dean on his back, under the construction, nailing something there by the sounds of it.
So, after getting that far into the plan just by pure luck and a little making out, their luck does a one eighty, with two guards standing outside the small room where, among other expensive shit, the cursed ring is currently being displayed.
“It’s, uh.” Cas is suddenly embarrassed as his eyes flick quickly at Dean to find him looking at his silly picture as well. “You, me and Dean.”
“Should we get some snacks?” Dean asks while he browses through the store's selection of sweets, “We could watch a movie tonight.”
Dean guides them to the currently empty kitchen to check out Charlie’s table of drinks. Her alcohol purchases are always based on two things: it has to be colorful, and it has to have as much alcohol in it as possible. To Dean, they always taste like ass dipped in sugar.
“So much better”, Dean smiles, “Turns out if I don’t have to see Cas, I can actually work with the man.”
Cas drops his keys to the side table when he comes home, taking his shoes off before entering the living room, where Dean and Jack are, based on the excited sounds coming from there.
“Well, you’re stupid”, Dean states without any heat in his words. He takes another step closer to get Cas to look back up again, “Because this reality is very real, and I do, so.”
Mick didn’t even kiss him when he left the house. Cas has to stop at a red light and it gives him too much time to think about why he’s glad Mick didn’t.
“Got another call nearby, might as well get that on the way”, he says, “Smoke coming from an apartment, with someone possibly inside.”
Dean makes his way to the bathroom when Cas returns. He goes through his nighttime routine without thinking about it, sitting on the toilet seat while he brushes his teeth, staring at a picture of him and Sam as kids, that Bobby has hanged up on the wall. Sam’s missing his front teeth, smiling a wide, toothless smile. Dean looks at himself wearing a cape made of a bedsheet, thinking again how long it's been since he’s been back here, at home.
She’s clearly telling him that to calm him down, and somehow it does. They finish the call and Dean snaps a picture of the list he wrote, sending it to Cas.
He focuses his gaze on one of the cardboard butterflies taped to the wall, probably there to comfort kids, but they’re doing their job surprisingly well for Dean as well.
Dean chuckles a little. He can imagine Cas saying that. Sucks for him, but that’s not gonna stop Dean from worrying.
They both chuckle at their kid and the small rock he’s got between his fingers, hand extended towards them as he shows it, “Look!”
“You need to be more careful”, Cas says, a worrying frown on his face as he stares at Dean. Is this man here to provide him a fucking headache on top of all of the stabbing he had to go through?
“But it’s a shitty excuse”, Dean argues, “I was an ass, and you didn’t deserve that, so, I am sorry.”
Cas’s eyes drop on to the bare skin peeking from behind the barely closed bathrobe only for a second before he forces himself to meet Dean’s eyes.
Cas shifts again, and Dean thinks that he finally woke up, but he just turns his back to them. It does nothing to free Dean’s hand from underneath him, if anything, it gets worse. He’s basically cuddling them both.
He gets up from the chair and sits back down next to Cas on the couch, and when he leans in for a kiss, it feels like something he’s done a million times, and not just in his head.
“I have no idea”, Cas says, “And I don’t think my three-year-old insider has information about that.”
“Sam and Eileen are sleeping in Sam’s old room”, Bobby says and motions towards the staircase, “Made you boys a bed upstairs in your old room. The others will arrive later this week.” He wishes them goodnight and disappears down the hallway, where his bedroom is.
. He’s scanning the room with his eyes as if a mattress or a second bed would magically appear in front of him.
There’s the slow, schedule free morning, where he usually fixes something extra for breakfast, especially if he’s with Jack. This week it’s bacon and eggs, and after breakfast they head to the living room, and that’s the best part of his Sunday mornings for one reason only.
They have some beer in the fridge, what they could fit there with all the food anyway, and the rest of it is outside in the snow to stay cold. They sit together in the warm of the fireplace, cold beers in hand. Bobby tells them about the Christmas food sharing and how Dean’s pies were a hit, once again, and Dean tries to shrug it off. Luckily, they move on quite quickly to how Jody and the girls are doing, and people stop with the smiles and warm looks.
“You’re welcome to visit any time”, he says, because he really enjoyed her company even for the brief moment. She seems the kind of person to make friends easily, and Cas learned a lot about her even in the short time. He turns to look at Dean, “Did you have anything that you need washed?”
Bobby stays silent about it most of the time, but one afternoon he calls Dean to his office right before his shift ends to check some work schedules for the next week, even if they cleared them yesterday already.
The expression on Cas’s face doesn’t change at all, like Dean didn’t accidentally almost open up about something he’s never discussed out loud ever. Cas just looks at him patiently, doesn’t push but waits if Dean finishes his sentence.
Dean returns the expression as Cas continues where he left off, “Since you’re so important to us, we wanted to tell you that starting from tonight”, Yes, they’re keeping the sneaking around as a secret, “we’re sleeping in my bedroom, because we–”
“I know better than to touch any of the booze she’s stacked this table with”, Dean counters, but Cas doesn’t seem to listen to him as he proceeds to carefully pour something in two cups.
Dean shoots him a clearly fake smile from the bed. “You’re the one who suggested we work together in the first place, Cas.”
His tone is light, but considering their conversation last night outside, it holds something more to it but Cas can’t figure out what. He’s thankful, nonetheless.
When Cas is done, Jack is so quiet Dean thinks the kid has fallen asleep, but when he’s about to get up from the bed, there’s a pair of expectant eyes already staring up at him.
Cas looks at him with an honest expression, like he really means what he said, and no one’s ever said anything like that to Dean, and he’s so taken aback by it he freezes for a second, just staring at the man.
“No, uh”, Dean chuckles, shaking his head, “Just me and Cas. You can keep your room, I’m gonna move from my room to Cas’s, because–”
“Yeah”, Dean says, acting all cool when he leans back on the couch, “He’s just this, you know, gorgeous guy with this dark, messy hair and blue eyes, could get you off with his voice alone type of man…”
It’s the hesitant way of how Jack speaks that feels like a hard punch to Dean’s gut, because suddenly he feels like he’s staring at himself from years ago.
“Has he really been asking about me, or have you been talking about me to this poor man against his will?” Cas asks, leveling Anna with a look.
“I’m almost done”, he says. Cas is about to pull the shower curtain closed, but instead of leaving, Dean steps closer. His eyes are wandering down on Cas’s body that’s fortunately mostly hidden behind the shower curtain.
The joke does its job, because Cas chuckles and lets go of him, and some of that uneasiness goes away. Wanting to kiss Cas doesn’t leave Dean’s head tough.
“Yeah, yeah”, Dean shrugs, like isn’t trapped by a powerful witch without any idea on how to escape. “Told you we should’ve brought the guns.”
Jody’s there with her five-year-old son Owen and his friend. Jo, as she already told, is there babysitting, and seems to enjoy the other two’s company even if she’s younger, and Donna is there with her daughter Wendy.
“Yeah”, Dean starts, trying to reason his choice, even to himself. He’s trying to come up with a reason other than ‘it felt so nice to live in a world where I’m dating you for a second’ because he’s not gonna tell Cas
He gets worried that Jack noticed his weird reaction, when the kid lifts his head back up, but as he does, he just gives Dean a content smile, and asks if they could watch Paw Patrol, so Dean lets it drop on its own.
Dean answers by shaking his head no and drops his gaze back down to the phone. He feels Cas watching him for a second before he hears him huffing out a breath and turning to continue his search.
Dean takes the key he offers, running a thumb over the rough surface of the glitter, “What are we doing, man?”
“Jack’s had some trouble sleeping, so we’ve all slept quite badly”, Cas admits, his voice rougher than usually. Dean shoots him a look, but the shrink raises a calming hand.
“I think your hairdresser isn’t the waiting type”, Dean jokes as they both get some awkward movement in themselves, fidgeting in the hallway.
Jack looks slightly relieved at that, and Dean makes a mental note to check the house for Peppa Pig stickers put in places where they don’t belong, like the furniture, or the walls, or the backseat of the Impala. Last time it happened it apparently was Rebecca and
He grabs more popcorn for support, eating a few before continuing, “So, whatever happened after Jack’s birthday party happened, right?” he starts, not going into the details of that, because he
His phone makes a quiet sound on the floor, vibrating against the wooden floor, and with a groan, Dean pushes himself up a bit, reaching towards the jeans he abandoned next to the bed the night before.
Cas blinks at the sudden question, looking slightly horrified at the fact that he’s possibly let some of this show outside, before he can gather himself enough to clear his throat. “What?”
It’s been kind of crazy watching Jack grow. Not only has he grown taller and looks more like a child than a toddler, but he’s also constantly showing more of his personality, voicing opinions and sharing thoughts that sometimes, quite often to be honest, leave Dean speechless.
Cas knows what he means by that, so he doesn’t have to elaborate, which is good because Dean finds it hard to put words to it, still.
“We’ve established the fact that I’m the ‘fun dad’ out of the two of us”, Cas tells Jo with a smile, making air quotation marks around the phrase.
is the moment when Jack decides to wake up with a loud cry and give Dean the most perfect and easy way out of the conversation Sam is clearly trying to start and he never wants to have. He quickly says goodbye to his brother and hangs up without waiting for him to say anything.
It’s painful to watch Dean smile and nod along, the two completely in their own bubble, similar to the one Cas shares with Jack. Similar to the one the three of them had started to share together.
There’s a tiny and empty reading corner at the far end of the children’s section, with comfortable looking armchairs and soft, colorful carpets marking a tiny space at the end of the shelves that looks like it’s made for groups of children to sit and listen to a book. There’s also a small selection of toys in a box next to the armchairs.
room is very cool”, Jack says, leveling them both with a look, “Owen said everyone cool has their own rooms.”
What he doesn’t expect, is the slow raise of Novak’s hand and the cold wetness of the paint on his cheek, where he lands his brush with a wet sound.
When he pulls up to the front yard, he’s tired but he’s happy to see Jack again. It’s interesting how attached you get to a person that no matter how tired you feel or how many tantrums they throw, you find yourself missing them even after a day of not seeing them.
Eileen, who is cutting some vegetables, places down the knife and gives a warm smile to the two of them. She has thick brown hair up in a ponytail and she’s wearing Sam’s hoodie based on how big it is on her. Dean thinks she’s cute, and probably way too good for his nerdy brother.
“Cas”, Dean repeats, more firmly this time, pushing himself off the counter to close the distance between them, “You’re more than
“Can you keep it down? Jack is sleeping”, Cas says, crossing his arms in annoyance. Dean manages to irritate him more by simply going through his tools.
“I wouldn’t know because I don’t have kids, but”, Sam scratches the back of his head, “I’d say that’s just being a parent. Have you talked to Cas about it?”
Dean’s cheeks are burning as the others laugh at Sam’s words. Dean’s trying to come up with a good and funny comeback, but he can’t think of any, because all he can think about is that his brother thought he just had sex with Cas upstairs. And
“Can’t say it doesn’t feel a bit weird, but I haven’t really thought about it”, he explains, and it frustrates Dean that he seems to be so
“Sam’s in college”, Jack kindly explains to them, carefully pronouncing the word. “I am also going to college.”
“That’s unfortunate.” The blue eyes are on him again, the man frowning before a warm smile grows on his lips, “Though without your assistance I would’ve not been able to wash my clothes.”
Dean flicks his eyes at him, looking like he’s considering it for a moment, but eventually his eyes grow harder and he turns his attention back to the bowl in front of him.
Seriously, they should’ve just hooked up last night, they were both up for it, it would’ve been casual and fun, but no, Dean has to be so stupidly in love with the man he couldn’t do it, because he wants it to be right.
Dean knows he should wake him up, but he can’t bring himself to move. God, he’s tired, it must be early as fuck.
“Jo”, the blonde says, shaking his hand, “I’m here with that monster”, she says as she points at the boy on the top of the jungle gym, roaring like he was a lion, “He’s
“See? We’re making compromises”, Dean points at them both proudly, “And just for that I won’t make a joke about being alone with my meat, even if you basically set it out for me to make.”
“It’s just wood nailed into each other, really”, Dean says, and from the corner of his eye Cas sees him looking down at his feet.
Especially, when the man drops to his knees, shoving Dean gently to lie on his back, hands working to open Dean’s belt buckle.
“Just one more thing”, he starts, suddenly embarrassingly nervous, “What I have in mind is more than—I  can’t do casual, not with you, I’m—" he stops, before adding the thing that scares him the most:
They’ve been inside for days, so he’s also just eager to get out of the house to the hardware store to buy stuff, but mostly seeing Jack smile just boosts his mood so much. He knows the kid would love to have something to play in, but the jungle gym at the playground is too crowded and too big for him anyway.
“Yeah”, Dean nods when he turns to look at him. He downs the rest of the juice in one go, “See you tomorrow.”
But there it is, the d-word again, and Dean wants to be like Jack and press his face hidden somewhere.
Jack appears at the kitchen door and they step further away from each other, and it’s ridiculous how good they’re getting at it.
“He didn’t”, Charlie says, tone firm, “He’s gonna be fine. He’ll have a hell of a headache, but as he himself said, the headache of you worrying will be worse.”
“That bad, huh?” Cas muses, glancing at Dean’s tired posture. He closes the book and invites Dean to join him on the couch by extending his hand towards him.
To Jack, it apparently sounded more like Dean was just suggesting he would murder all of Jack’s beloved toys slowly and painfully while he’d make Jack watch and eat the soup he hates.
“Don’t sound so sentimental, I’m still the same asshole”, Dean whines. He’s wandered to the kitchen while he’s been talking with Sam, and realizes he’s staring at the picture he and Jack were watching earlier. He decides to tell Sam about it, just so he can share the awkwardness, “but, uh, something weird happened earlier.”
Cas shoots a hungover but loving gaze towards a big mug of coffee in the middle of the tray, because of course that’s the first thing he spots there. He takes the tray Dean offers and places it next to him, on the space Dean was sleeping on earlier.
“Cas”, he repeats as a greeting, gruff voice matching his appearance. Cas doesn’t like the way Benny’s eyes flick at Dean before they’re on him again. “Nice to meet you.”
“I’m sorry, do you want to feed him?” Cas spins around to roll his eyes at Dean, but the annoyance is mixed with something else when his eyes land on the man, his freshly shaved face and a button down he’s casually left open from the top.
Jack is obviously still sick, so he gets sleepy much earlier than usual. He starts nodding and swaying as he starts to fall asleep in the middle of the episode, even with all the sugar in his system, empty ice cream cup in his hands.
This slightly odd trio that somehow, after all that mess and fights and sleepless nights, had shifted into a surprisingly functional team.
Or the fact that this kid kinda knew already but thought it was so normal he didn’t even care to mention it to them.
He feels Jack step into his space, handing a bucket for him to fill. He takes it and starts to shovel to keep himself from crying. “Early this summer.”
The parking lot near the cemetery is almost empty, because it’s already so late. Cas parks his car near the entrance and gets out, silently making the familiar route to the grave. He used to come there a lot more before, sometimes to talk to her, but mostly just sit in silence, allowing himself to acknowledge the hollow feeling grief has left inside him, more real there by the grave than anywhere else. He’d sit there for a while, before it was time to go back home, and be there for a child whose mother’s grave you just visited.
The bar is just the right amount of crowded to still have room to sit and get drinks without having to wait half a night in the queue. Not that Dean’s ordered anything after the first beer he bought almost an hour ago and that he’s still drinking.
“I’ve got newsflash for you, there ain’t an answer or a logic to it”, she states and pats his shoulder before crossing to the other side of the table. “But it’s not about how good at parenting you are”, she assures, probably because of the sour look on Dean’s face. “It’s about kids being kids.”
There are tears in Dean’s eyes, drop after another falling down his cheeks. “What?” he shouts like an angry dog, that’s being held down.
Cas gives him a sarcastic smile, pretending to understand, “Oh good, because actually talking to me would’ve been highly uncharacteristic for you.”
Dean forces a joke out of himself because that’s the only thing he’s good at, “We’re not gonna cry now, are we?” he asks with a quiet laugh but doesn’t let go of Cas yet.
Dean bites his lip to keep himself from laughing. Cas doesn’t say anything, but the look he shoots at Dean is louder than his loudest
“Awesome!” the kid beams, “Now, I have to go, because I was in the middle of something”, he explains as he’s already walking through the living room and back to his own room, like he hadn’t just been a part of a conversation they’ve been nervous to have with him.
pisses Dean off, but mostly he’s just angry at himself, and how he once again took the easy way out of the situation by being an ass.
. She’s one of his best friends and lying about this to her feels wrong but telling about it would mean bursting the bubble that he’s happy living in, so he keeps his mouth shut.
Dean checks the time from his watch, but it’s not even midnight. He finds himself chuckling about the fact that the date probably wasn’t a good one, if Cas is home already. He doesn’t really get why it makes him this happy, but it beats being pissed off at staying at home all evening.
One package has blue hair ties and George Pig on them, and Peppa, but there’s also one with yellow hair ties with Suzy Sheep on it, and glitter but then no Peppa. There is not a package with Rebecca Rabbit on it at all, which makes Jack the most hostile. Dean’s happy the kid doesn’t know about asking for the manager yet.
Dean’s been planning the barbecue all week, googling recipes, writing a shopping list he’s stuck on the fridge door, adding stuff as he comes up with it.
It’s a combination of people talking, keyboards making sounds under people’s fingers, papers being moved around, noises like that. Dean hates it, he could never work in an office, just because of the lifeless soundscape.
“The toys we’ve packed so far”, Dean explains as he gets up from the floor. He stops next to Cas as he’s walking past the man, clapping a hand on his shoulder, grinning, “You can be the bad cop and tell him he can’t bring all of those with him.”
That’s all it is, a quick, not-really-more-than-a-peck kiss, but Cas is smiling that content, happy smile when they lean away from it, and it’s everything.
The fact doesn’t stop him from groaning in annoyance when he opens his eyes again, this time long enough to notice Cas, sitting on a chair next to his bed.
Cas is out of work for the weekend, but he’s behind on some deadlines. Fortunately, Jack takes a longer nap than he usually does, so he’s able to finish some of it while he sleeps.
After lunch they switch into their party outfits before the guests come. Jack has chosen an interesting combination of socks, tights
“Free food and an excuse to let your kid go to a sleepover, I’m in”, Jody comments and her husband nods along.
“I can handle him just fine”, Dean says, sounding snappier than he anticipated. He hasn’t had the best parenting day behind him, and it pisses him off that Cas is trying to have a conversation before leaving to his stupid date.
Cas stands up when Dean does, and they’re facing each other from the opposite sides of the bed, enough tension in the air to fill up the space between them.
“Baking pies was fun”, he goes on with the review they started, “even though you are even worse sous chef than Sam and he’s forever banned from pie baking.”
Cas leans towards Meg to whisper something to her and Dean can’t look away. Whatever Cas says makes Meg laugh. Cas is funny as hell, so it’s no surprise she’s laughing, but it’s making the jealousy louder in Dean’s head, because she’s yet another reminder to Dean that there’s a whole side of Cas’s life he’s not a part of no matter how badly he would want to be.
“I am already digging this place and we haven’t even got to the food yet”, Meg says without taking her eyes off the direction the waitress disappeared to.
It’s a miracle Jack hasn’t woken up from his nap by the horrible noise Dean keeps making in the garage. Cas texted him to keep it quiet while Jack sleeps, but he was left on read. If anything, Dean’s work has gotten louder, and compared to the silence of the kitchen it eats him inside when he tries to produce anything on his computer.
“What about Kelly’s parents?” Cas asks, and Dean’s happy he seems to be on the same page as him, the page being from a book where he and Cas are the least suitable people to take care of a child.
“Speaking of luxury”, Anna gives him this smile, and he knows what she’s going to say next. “Mick’s been asking about you.”
Dean can feel the adults on the side table looking at him but hesitates to fully turn to look there. They break the cakes to make room for new ones, since Jack is clearly all about the sand cake business now, and they manage to spend quite a lot of time doing just that.
“Give me that”, he snaps at the other boy and snatches one of the paint brushes from his hands. He wipes his neck with his palm and turns to face the wall. The white paint on it has turned yellow over time, and it’s falling off from here and there. It’s ugly, and it’s not gonna get prettier under their treatment, so it’s clear this task is used purely on punishment purposes.
“Thank you, Jack”, Charlie says, bowing a bit at the boy, before she makes her way through the yard towards Jo.
Now, thanks to that ridiculous board, they have a chance to do something else other than get crazy at each other at the apartment, and it has a tremendous effect on them all.
“Wait—you like your hair like that?” Dean frowns, and Jack’s face gets a bit more hopeful when he nods.
Dean’s half asleep in the kitchen with a big cup of coffee, when Jack wakes up almost two hours later, running to Cas’s room to wake him up. The two walk down the hallway to the kitchen.
“I don’t know if there is a heaven, or any other place you’d possibly be to watch over us”, he starts, “but, uh, in case you can hear me, Jack’s doing well. He’s growing so fast.”
“It’s your birthday?” Charlie overhears them, and steps closer to shove Dean accusingly, “Why didn’t you say anything?”
Ellen and Jo arrive the next day, accompanied with a redhead who must be Charlie, a chick Jo’s been going on and on about whenever they call those hours long phone calls. Things seemed to have gone her way since Dean entered the hallway just in time to see them letting go of each others’ hands.
The others have known each other for a longer time than he has, and they always know what to say to make each other feel better. Dean usually just stays silent or nods along because he has no idea what to say. Because for one, he’s never been good with words and two, Jack’s only three and Dean’s career in parenting can be counted in months, so it’s not like he’s able to speak from experience.
Jack keeps Dean busy enough that he doesn’t think about Cas, or his stupid date all evening, but the unexplained sour mood is back as soon as he closes Jack’s bedroom door behind him after the boy has fallen asleep, still soaked Rebecca Rabbit wrapped in towels tucked under his arm.
Jack runs back from his room, promising that he’d put all the toys in their right places, which Dean highly doubts. Dean flicks his eyes at Cas and makes his decision for him by wordlessly grabbing the third plate.
The tension builds as they stay silent. Cas is waiting for him to give a proper answer, but eventually gives up waiting and with a disappointed sigh, turns to leave the kitchen through the back door.
“Just because you can’t deal with anything more than a casual hook up, doesn’t mean everyone is incapable of having actual relationships.
“Me and Jack were looking at this picture of us three”, he starts, absentmindedly reaching to touch the picture like Jack had, “and—he was naming us from it.”
Barely wearing, all the buttons are open, exposing the muscles of his chest as he turns around to look at Dean.
“What? It’s a costume party”, Dean explains, forcing Cas to take the hat to grab another one from the backseat, similar to the one Cas is holding.
Dean’s drunk, but he’s not too drunk to realize what almost just happened, and the way Cas awkwardly flicks his eyes at him, so did he.
For a second Dean’s sure she’s going for Cas, already pointing at him with the knife, and he's ready to shout something offensive to get her to stab him instead.
“I know we have been stupidheads lately, me and Cas”, he says, quoting Jack from one time he threw a major temper tantrum at them, “but we both love you so much, and that will never change, no matter what.”
“Sam drew so many good dogs”, Jack says, in a way that indicates he’s had a good time while they’ve done that.
The romantic movies that Dean doesn’t like to watch aren’t even being too dramatic about it. Breaking your heart actually fucking hurts. And the really painful part is the fact that this stupid, drunken mistake that got Dean’s heart broken, also broke their family as well.
“From what I’ve understood, you have good chances to get higher positions in the future, though”, Mick points out, and Cas confirms it. It’s true, but he’s not sure if it’s something he really desires. Mick says he should stick to it, and he just gives another nod. The man’s just trying to be encouraging, and Cas doesn’t want to start an argument on a date.
“Now, I hear there were wee thieves at my charity event”, she starts, looking at them both in turns. She hooks a finger on the necklace she has on, pulling it from underneath her dress.
“Coffee, yeah, yeah I know”, Dean rolls his eyes and nods towards the coffee maker that luckily isn’t completely empty, “Take some while I’ll fix us some eggs.”
He hands the mug to Sam, “If you want honey or sugar or milk or whatever, there’s stuff there”, he absentmindedly waves towards the shelves before slumping down at the kitchen table.
“Do you have any dirty laundry in your room?” the younger Winchester gets up and takes his dishes to the sink, “I was thinking I could do the laundry today.”
Sam digs the keys from his pocket, handing them towards Dean, but yanking his hand back a bit as the older brother tries to take them.
he explains, sinking further down in his seat, “Doesn’t really leave room to plan some romantic scene, aren’t you supposed to have roses and fancy dinner and shit?”
“It’s okay”, Novak says, and Dean hears him turn his head a bit, glancing up, “Your hair looks quite nice even with the white color, so I wouldn’t say I ‘ruined’ it.”
He feels like he should explain though, and suddenly he’s very aware how everything about the house screams family to a stranger.
Dean watches Cas as he grabs the coffee mug and takes a long chug of the drink, even though it’s probably still quite hot. He’s glad Cas keeps his eyes closed while he enjoys the drink, because it allows him to stare.
“Are you having a good time?” Dean asks Jack as he hands the plate to Cas to hold. “Did you see Jody already?”
“No, it’s still working perfectly”, Cas answers, giving Dean his sarcastic smile, but it breaks into a genuine one when the man grins up at him, the corners of his eyes crinkling as he squints his eyes against the sun.
The third time they meet the others at the park, and Donna’s pouring some coffee on some disposable cups, Dean asks if he should bring the coffee the next time, because it seems the women are taking turns, and he doesn’t want to be an asshole who doesn’t contribute.
“Am I here to prepare Jack to spend time with me, or prepare you to spend time away from Jack?” Sam asks as he shrugs his jacket off.
He can’t help the jealousy making his heart ache when he watches the group of people completely under Dean’s charm.
“Yes, well, I’m sorry we actually do have to see each other again, Dean”, he snaps, crossing his arms.
There’s water falling down on Cas’s face as he urgently meets the kisses Dean gives him, moaning against his lips when Dean’s hand travels up to his hair, pulling it a bit.
Dean lets out a shaky breath, chuckling in relief. He kneels on the floor, taking Cas’s hand, the relief of him being conscious making all Dean’s guards drop. “Hey”, he can’t not smile, giving Cas’s hand a squeeze. “Don’t get up, you’ve hit your head.”
Most of the attention revolves around Jack anyway, so it’s not even that bad. There hasn’t been a proper moment that would’ve required any kind of communication between the two since the party started.
The two of them losing the track of time at the library, to the point that Jack falls asleep on the car ride home without eating lunch before going under, happens more often than Cas would like to admit.
God, his eyes are blue up close. They flick down for just a second when Dean subconsciously licks his lips, but then they’re up again, piercing into him. Dean’s eyes travel down to Cas’s lips, slightly parted as he breathes through his mouth.
One evening, when Dean arrives back to the living room from down the hallway, he looks like he’s been through hell and back. He stops at the doorway to sigh so deeply that Cas looks up from his book at the sound of it.
Jack hides his face on the crook of Dean’s neck when Sam tries to greet him. He gives them space to step inside, enough that Dean manages to put Jack down for the second it takes him to take his own jacket off, the kid glued to his leg as he warily eyes the tall man who’s apartment they’ve just entered.
Cas wakes up laying on his stomach with a throbbing headache, feeling the cold sweat of the beginning hangover all over his body. His face twists with the pain as he lifts his heavy head from the pillow, to glance on his side only to find the bed next to him empty.
When the silence eventually starts to become unbearable, Cas starts to say something. He’s only able to suck in a breath before Dean snaps.
Dean’s glad when the door opens and someone invites them in, because he can’t think about that night, and looking at Cas is a constant reminder of it.
There’s rustling sounds on Cas’s end as he puts the phone on the kitchen counter by the sound of it,
Dean is confused for a second, but the blue eyed idiot manages to make him laugh. He can’t help it; when he lets the first chuckles come out, he can’t control it, the embarrassing loud, full on head thrown back laughter is out and this messy haired, blue eyed idiot managed to get it out of him.
“Take your jeans off, you’re gonna regret if you sleep with them on”, Dean instructs as he removes his own. He’s struggling to stay up as well, but he’s proud he’s at least still able to stand up, unlike Cas who’s on his back, trying to fumble open a simple belt buckle.
There’s a car honking behind him and he realizes that the traffic is moving forwards, and snaps his mind out of it, trying to focus on the workday ahead.
The small gesture is apparently approved by Cas, when a small sound escapes his lips and he gets a bit more urgent with his movements.
He doesn’t have any time to panic about that, when the door opens and Dean’s pushing it open with his shoulder, carrying a breakfast tray in his hands.
“Were you going to say something else?” Cas is too bitter to stop himself from asking, raising his brows expectantly at Dean, even though he knows his answer already.
Cas thinks it’s annoying, because it’s rude to be like that when there’s a group of people around them too. No one else seems bothered by it, but still.
Confused, he examines himself for a moment, surprised how relaxed and rested he feels, laying there in the warmth of his blanket, woken up by nothing else but his body telling him he’s slept enough and it’s time to get up. He reaches for his phone on the nightstand and looks at the time, a surprised expression falling on his face.
“You’re an idiot”, he says out loud too, but there’s no real heat in his words and his mouth is betraying him, he’s smiling to the other boy. Novak returns it.
Dean takes his time enjoying that, but the fact that he’s quite close to the edge himself just by watching Cas makes him lean over, and he kisses him as he finishes opening him up quick, earning approving moans from him when he adds the third finger.
“This is Dean and Jack”, Jo announces unceremoniously, pointing at them, and sits down on the opposite side of the table. Dean likes her already.
Donna and Wendy have to leave earlier, but Jack has some energy left in him, so Dean thinks it’s best to get him tired there, and he’ll fall asleep on the way back home.
“You slept through most of it!” Dean laughs. Cas sleeping in his arms had been nice, but he doesn’t say it out loud.
“I’m sorry”, Cas hears himself saying out loud, when he stops to stand in front of the grave. “I should’ve brought flowers.”
They turn to look at Jack, who is busy pulling all the couch cushions to the floor to jump on them, clearly taking advantage of the situation that they seem to be too busy to tell him not to.
“How are you enjoying the party?” Cas pointedly turns the conversation around because he’s all work and no fun. That gets them to fall into a conversation about the collections Rowena has, so it might take them forward with the case, not that Dean would ever give Cas any credit for it.
“How about a slow and lazy day, huh?” he asks Jack. The kid answers by squirming so much Dean eventually lets him go, groaning as the kid lets an excited sound at the freedom, running away from him.
Cas looks up at him, “Why would’ve I?” he asks back, genuinely confused, “Hasn’t come up until now.”
He’s so focused on writing stuff down he forgets to keep up the distant way of communicating they’ve accustomed to, and asks jokingly, “Am I right to assume this is a party where I have no business in the kitchen?”
Jack is facing the other way when he arrives at the living room doorway, and he’s too busy laying on his stomach on the floor with Sam, as they’re drawing something, shoulder to shoulder.
plan Dean’s ever tried to pull off, but he can’t back off now, so he stubbornly keeps on staring back at the guard.
Actually, no. The split second during which he had thought that not only could he just sleep with Cas, but that Cas would somehow reciprocate his feelings,
“No”, Jack says and turns his head slightly to the left, peeking at Dean, who quickly shows the carton of juice.
Dean wants it to be done as fast as possible, so after being mean to his grinning little brother, he grabs Jack into his arms, bracing him on his left hip and bringing his other arm on Cas’s shoulders, yanking him closer.
So, he paints a wide smile on his lips, stating that of course they should play it if Jack wants to.
Jack lets go of Dean and lets himself drop to the bed. He scoots over towards Cas, his back against Cas’s chest.
“Dean’s such an emotional shower person, right?” Charlie talks while Cas fills up the machine, getting a chuckle out of him.
Jack just stares at Charlie, frowning. “That is Jo”, he says when they go outside again, pointing at the blonde on the other side of the backyard.
Dean is standing at the entrance, scanning the huge area in front of him. There’s so many people walking around and standing by the small tables with their champagne glasses it takes him a while to get a good look around. He spots a few green dresses, but no redheads. There’s some redheaded lady by the bar, but when he thinks he’s found her, the man that’s standing in front of her moves, and reveals a black dress.
the point of this chapter was to give me an opportunity to write bed sharing, a very treat myself trope. i love you all reading this story and leaving kudos and comments, so if you want, share your thoughts with me! <3
The weather is perfect for a family fun day in a park, sunny but not too warm, some small clouds giving them breaks from the sun, but there’s no real threat of rain. Jack keeps pointing at stuff all the way from the house to the park, explaining something nonstop. His sentences are getting longer each day, and Dean can tell the difference in his words between from not even that long ago and now, when he gives Cas the same commentary Dean’s already heard before.
“Mornin’ sunshine”, he grins at Cas, “We didn’t wake you up, did we?” he asks, glancing down at Jack playing with some toy animals he’s arranging to a line on the kitchen floor.
“Rebecca said she don’t want to come to your room”, Jack tells him, hugging the said, still very wet, toy against his chest.
“You just hate it because you have to drink every round”, Charlie counters and Jo uncharacteristically giggles next to her. “It’s not our fault you’re a sinner.”
They fall back into the same bullshit they’ve had going on for years, but at least now they can take breaks making out in the grass.
The driver hums and comments something at that, before asking the exact address. Dean peeks out the window and realizes they’re at their street already and points at their house further down the road to the right.
Dean doesn’t realize what he says until he’s said it: “You better like it or this friendship is over.”
“Good morning”, he says anyway, keeping his back to Dean, sitting awkwardly at the edge of the bed, hands resting useless in his lap now that he’s put his clothes on.
“Sorry if I’m a little late”, Cas apologizes, a bit breathy. He’s probably just ran around his apartment, gathering all the crap he needs with him for the next week before running out.
They’ve gone through this, they’ve done their research and are as prepared as they can be, all that’s left is actually doing it.
“The best kind of crazy”, Dean corrects, wiggling his eyebrows. He holds back a whimper when Cas, the pincher, pinches the skin on his wrist.
taught me a lesson”, Dean points out, when he figures out how to speak again, “Next time we’re home alone, we’re gonna make it all the way to the garage.”
And when Cas offers a rain check on the date, he’s pretty sure he really wants it, and he wasn’t saying it just to be polite.
Dean looks uneasy under Jack’s eyes. Cas turns his attention from them to the sink and gets himself a glass of water.
The clock on his phone screen says 7:54 when he runs from his car to the front door of their house. He opens the door to fully dressed Cas, with Jack in his lap. Cas hands him the kid the second he steps inside.
And he’s not even surprised that Dean’s trying his best to deliver the order forward, no matter how much it seems to pain him to do so as he tries to explain the color scheme and the patterns and shapes Jack wanted.
The back door of the garage makes a loud sound as Cas pushes it open. The three of them turn to look, when he crosses the yard.
“I do hate the chairs”, he gives Cas his best charmer smile, “Do you happen to know a place with better seats?”
Dean reaches Cas just in time to see the man greeting a redhead with a green dress, that’s no doubt the woman Dean was looking for earlier, the host of this monkey suit party. MacLeod smiles at Cas through her heavy eye make up, chuckling at him, insisting to be called Rowena.
. “Does it really matter? Would’ve been awkward for Bobby to correct him, and it’s not like it changes anything, right?” he’s rambling, “I can tell him later, if it’s bothering you, but if you’re cool with—”
Cas is not teasing one bit, he’s going for it in earnest from the start, cheeks hollow as he sucks, running his tongue around the head here and there. Dean hears himself whispering encouraging words as Cas works his mouth on him, hand either tugging at his hair or lowering down to touch the stubble of Cas’s cheek.
After the decorations shopping – which only took them a little more than an hour and not five – Cas shamelessly eavesdrops in the hallway when he hears Dean on the phone in the kitchen.
Cas just lifts his hands in surrender, not saying anything, amused by how defensively Dean opens the beer and takes a sip.
It works surprisingly well, but it is the real reason behind his yawning instead of some sexy alternative Charlie is referring to.
Dean laughs and pushes the cart further down the aisle, “Okay, sweetheart, let’s get you that fish.”
the one at a bar on a Friday night, whining about the struggles of parenting while Cas is actually at home with the kid.
“I am not your way in”, Cas says, his already low note getting lower with anger, and his annoyance rubs off on Dean as well.
She gathers herself, “You know, you two find a way to twist even the simplest things to another level completely. And it probably is what makes you two perfect for each other”, she says, “Why haven’t you just asked him?”
Two days later Cas is tired as hell, having all intentions to just drive straight home, but somehow he finds himself taking a turn to the opposite direction instead.
By the time Cas comes home from work, Dean just leaves him with the kid and takes an afternoon shower, this time without clothes, just to get some time alone before Cas has to leave again.
Cas frowns, and his expression is shifting into the one he has when they argue, “I know that, Dean. Is it a problem that I’m going out tonight?”
“Morning, sunshine”, he says, stopping awkwardly in the middle of the room for a second before crossing the floor to sit on the edge of the bed. “Breakfast?”
Cas turns to look when he hears something screech against the floor. Dean is kicking one of the side tables that’s closest to them. He kicks it twice, before he grabs the magazines on it and throws them across the room. His breath is coming out in loud, angry puffs as he’s already crossing the room to get to the other table, to get his hands on something else he can throw, kick or push.
They spend their day there all the way to naptime, and when it’s time to leave, Dean packs Jack and their stuff back in the stroller, taking a detour home to get Jack to fall asleep along the ride, like a regular parent.
The man watches Dean’s movements with such intensity Dean can feel his gaze on him as he asks which program the man wanted.
“Did you just yawn?” Dean asks in between the kisses they’re trying to keep on having, but it becomes impossible when it catches Dean who, just as tired as Cas, yawns as well.
He crosses the kitchen to the fridge, and grabs two tiny cartons of juice, the one’s he always buys for Jack to take them to go, whenever they go to the park. He holds one out to Cas, who frowns at it, before looking up at Dean.
“You just have to press the power off first, then turn it on again, choose the first program and after that you can change it to whatever you want.” Dean presses the buttons as he talks the way through on how to get the machine working. He has been using the laundromat a few times, enough to know that you should always choose another washer if possible.
“You’re good people”, Cas states in this drunken seriousness, when he sees Dean’s smile fading, and Dean has to chuckle.
A dirty towel isn’t the only thing he wants to leave for tomorrow to deal with. Dean crawls back to the bed, and when Cas turns to his side, Dean finds his place behind him, pressing his lips to the nape of his neck.
“I mean this stupid charity event is only happening on the first floor”, he mutters under his breath, trying to hide the fact that he looks like he’s talking to himself. He flashes an easy smile to a blonde wearing a red evening gown, who eyes him with a shy smile on her lips.
Jack plays on the kitchen floor while Dean cooks them dinner one evening. The kid’s telling him stories since they haven’t seen each other for almost two days. Dean turns the heat down on the stove when the sauce is ready and while he lets it sit for a bit, he proceeds to set the table.
“Sorry we’re late”, Dean says when Jack sits down. “We had a little math book hunt, but we’ll make it in time to your piano class, don’t worry.” He’s grateful for Cas writing a tiny “piano!” on his calendar with a red marker, right underneath the date, or he would’ve never remembered it, not on a messy day like this.
“When’s the last time you slept well?” his uncle asks, frowning as he looks at him from head to toe.
“It’s my birthday!” Jack exclaims, beaming at the both of them, and they try their best to smile through the tiredness. Cas notices Dean scooting over to the other side of the bed, and he takes that as a permission to sit on the edge of the bed instead of awkwardly standing there.
Cas has given it some thought as well while he was gone apparently, because he arrives back home with a big white board, and he places it against the wall on the kitchen counter.
The memory is so vivid in his mind, he speaks without thinking about it, “You should’ve seen him last night, your angel was screaming so loud I could hear it all the way to the front door, when Cas was trying to put him to bed. The kid sounded like he was being butchered.”
“Cas! Can you hear me?” he holds a hand on the side of Cas’s face, shaking him gently with the other, “
They give each other the usual silent treatment all through Jack’s nap time. After he wakes up and Dean fixes him something to eat, Cas keeps his distance from them, probably doing some work in his bedroom. It’s Dean’s turn to look after Jack anyway, so he doesn’t owe him any explanations.
At first, Dean thinks maybe he is just late, as he sometimes is, running inside with a heavy breath, apologizing for being late, usually because of work. But Castiel doesn’t show up at all, and the plastic bench Dean is waiting on has never felt so uncomfortable, making him shift to look at the window every time a shadow from outside makes him see movements at the corner of his eye.
They’ve also agreed on a rule that neither of them would bring dates to the apartment, so Dean probably doesn’t know she’s here.
Turns out they had to move the barbecue a bit, because they didn’t have enough time to plan it in a week. That gets them into the first fight since they more or less moved back into the apartment again, but it doesn’t feel like the end of the world, like fighting used to feel.
The kid eyes Cas one last time halfway through the way, and the unsure look on his face he gives from behind his slightly overgrown bangs makes Cas feel like a failure for leaving him without him or Dean there.
“Yeah”, Dean says and clears his throat. He gets up, “We should get ready. Cas”, he calls, and the other man gets up as well. They take their dishes to the sink before leaving the kitchen.
“Let’s make a sand cake”, Dean suggests and instructs Jack to shovel the sand into the bucket he’s holding in his tiny hand. Jack gets the idea quite fast and soon they’re surrounded by sand cakes, smiling proudly at each other.
“Why are you all of a sudden interested in washing our clothes?” he asks slowly, suspecting tone in his voice. Dean feels his cheeks turn pink but tries not to care about it.
He is a pain in the ass enough as a co-parent, he couldn’t imagine what a nightmare it would be to be married to the guy. Good luck to whoever did eventually.
“Really?” he reacts, biting down a grin as he leans over to put the book on the table. They’ve been together for a while, but Cas still can’t help the grin growing to his lips every time Dean refers to him as his boyfriend. He thinks he’s never going to be able to stop being like this about it.
“He really thinks I can’t handle it?” Sam wonders, but it sounds like he finds it funny more than offensive.
The shit he’ll get from his boss won’t be anything compared to the sad look Jack gave him when he explained to him that Dean will be there when he wakes up from his nap.
“No, there is not”, Dean says mock-sadly, but he’s biting down a grin when he sips from his cup, “I am sorry.”
Dean nods towards the popcorn bowl on the couch next to Charlie, and she hands it over. He grabs a handful of them and puts the bowl on the coffee table, eating the popcorn one by one as the silence stretches. Charlie is staring at him, but he keeps his focus on his snack, because it’s so obvious she’s trying to read him, and he hates it.
The rest of the Christmas Day goes as it usually does in their family. They eat so much they can’t anymore, then eat some more, sit together in the living room and exchange gifts at some point. There’s not really a strict schedule on their Christmas, which Dean loves. Studying, and working at the garage all year around, his favorite part about Christmas is the way everything just stops, his family comes together and he gets to annoy them and be annoyed by them so much it eases the moments he misses them like crazy.
The bucket of paint almost gets spilled over when Dean angrily drops it to the ground. The hot July weather makes small drops of sweat form on the back of his neck. A weather like this, sun shining from a cloudless sky with a small, warm wind keeping the air from being too still, you would like to spend the day at the lakes with all your friends, having fun and swimming, playing some beach volley but no, Dean is stuck here, with the paint buckets, and Novak.
Cas knows what everyone else thinks about the two of them, so he’s probably just trying to play the part, make it seem like they actually have a relationship like Dean let them believe, and save his ass from looking like an idiot.
Cas just looks away from her and doesn’t answer, which in itself is an answer enough. He can feel Charlie’s eyes on him.
“So, your meeting was at three tomorrow, right?” Dean asks as he pours himself some juice, talking to his glass instead of Cas.
“I didn’t know you smoke”, Dean explains and steps out to the chilly air, leaving the back door open just a bit before walking towards Cas.
Dean nods, giving a thankful look to his friend. He’s been working there only for a few months, but he’s already made close friends with Charlie. She’s always laughing at his jokes and they have a good time during shifts, but he’s happy to see she’s there for him when shit hits the fan, understanding him, and relating.
Dean realizes where he’s standing, and he knows what Sam means without even glancing up, but he still does.
They lay there in silence for a moment, both on their backs, staring at the dark ceiling. Dean can feel Cas against him, but it’s probably for the best. He’s too drunk to sleep on the edge of the bed and not fall off.
While Dean is admiring the view, the gorgeous man makes a frustrated sound and suddenly turns around to look at Dean who quickly shoots his gaze back up.
“It’s a shame, really”, he says sarcastically. Cas chuckles as Jack runs back to the living room, explaining that he has more he wants to show.
He knows he should look away, but it feels like Cas is holding his gaze, almost forcing him to stare back. He’s had Cas stare at him more times he can count, with a neutral expression, definitely with an angry one, and he’s shot an annoyed glance at him more times he can count.
Dean lets out a relieved sigh, and shakes his head, “No, Cas, I’m the one who’s sorry”, he says back, “I was an ass, you did nothing wrong.”
“Jack was all over the place all day, man”, Dean shakes his head, but he has a faint smile painted on his face when he thinks about the kid, “He’s finally shaken the fever for good, and recharged his batteries, and it
Dean stands still for what feels like a very long time, like he’s in a film that’s left on pause. He doesn’t even fucking blink.
Dean’s been wanting to use the grill in the backyard, but it seems a bit too much to cook with that if it’s only him and Jack eating. That’s his excuse of wanting to throw a party for Cas.
It’s open mouthed from the start, hot and slow, and nothing like Dean ever imagined it would be. Alcohol might play a role in the level of just how dirty Cas kisses, but the way it is a whole-body experience is crazy. And Cas is not even touching him, his hands are still trapped in front of him, against the mattress.
