“What’s his problem?” Clint asked. Steve just shrugged.
Steve’s head whipped up. “Next week? Isn’t that a little soon?!”
“It was Howard…” Tony whispered.
“Tony?”
“Guess they just assumed he was patrolling with the other one,” Clint continued.
Snow makes the night brighter; when you look outside, the pure white substance illuminates the air. It is not pitch black. Instead of contradicting, the white color compliments the darkness and gives it a sense of beauty. No one ever expects there to be a murder on a snowy night like this one and no one ever expects it to be nothing more than a distraction.
“Hey come on man, don’t be like that.” Steve looked over to the voice and saw Clint coming forward. He placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder before saying, “We got it from here Brock.” Brock squinted in distrust before turning away and heading for the main tent. Steve looked back down at the brunette discarded on the soil.
Steve glanced at the man strung up in the corner, his thin wrists barely held up by the cuffs.
It was a cold afternoon. Snow littered the ground, unmarked except for the imprints of small soles. They led a path to a small garden, in which a young boy sat, molding little balls of snow between his gloved hands.
“Did you just throw a ball of snow at my head? That is so rude. I am the crowned prince, I should throw you in the stocks for that,” Tony grumbled as he pick up his own pile of snow and started to mold it into a ball. Sure, he had never been in the snow before, but that didn’t mean Tony didn’t spend hours as a kid watching the other children play outside.
“I-I didn’t-I mean it was the team's idea really, I just paid for it,” he stuttered out. “It’s nothing really.” He went back to picking at his eggs, unable to take the weight on Steve’s stare.
“Seriously? You just woke up?” Tony chuckled as he shoved past Rhodey and walked into the room. He sat on the bed, the sheets still warm from Rhodey laying on them just a few minutes before.
So here they were, the next morning, on their way to a pet clinic to find Steve a new best friend. Walking too, because Natasha thought it would be good for Tony to get some fresh air. New York was alive as ever; streets loaded with tourists bustling about as they tried to take in everything at once. He remembered when he was like that as a young kid, wide eyed at all the tall buildings. Now, he didn’t look anywhere but straight ahead really, didn’t need to; he knew this city like the back of his hand. Eventually, as they neared their destination, Tony couldn’t help himself; he started rambling.
When that was done, he grabbed some leftover grilled cheese and water, and then carried Flake up to his bedroom. The pup woke up as soon as Tony touched him and upon recognizing who it was, became a wiggle monster of happiness. Luckily, Flake didn’t bark. Not to mention, Howard was probably on a work binge anyway and Maria was probably drinking away her depression in their bedroom.
I... have no excuses.
“He probably has a lot of work to do, that’s all.” He forced a smile on his face and turned towards the others. “Thank you guys… really, for this,” he lifted up his new pal, “little guy.”
“Tony… you don’t have to - ” Steve started before Tony interrupted him.
When they finally arrived, Tony sprinted to the elevator, not giving Natasha a chance to even get in with him. “The lab, J.” Call him rude or whatever, but he just needed to get away.
“Oh really?” Howard licked his lips and Tony was berating himself for not noticing it before. The way his dad held himself, his gait slightly off centered. The way his eyes were glazed over. His dad was drunk.
Don’t get him wrong, even at seven, Tony knew running away was a stupid idea but there was nothing else he could do. He just had to stay away long enough that this whole boarding school mess would go away. He knew it wouldn’t, that he was just increasing his chances… but again. There was nothing else he could.
“A-a year sir.” Howard sneered and let go at that. Tony cradled his arm against his chest, a bruise already forming from where his dad had gripped him so hard.
Tony stopped dead in his tracks, scared stiff. He knew that voice, knew that tone. He dropped his bag and turned. There sat his dad, fingers tapping incessantly against the arm of his brown leather chair. “Dad… I uh… didn’t expect you to be up.”
With one last look into the mirror, Tony nodded and left his chambers. There were guards stationed at crucial points in the castle, such as the dungeons and armory, and some walked the halls, but Tony knew his way around them easily. He could have done this all by himself if he really wanted to, but to be honest, Tony didn’t want to go outside alone… not in the cold, all on his own.
Her voice soften. “Why don’t you want Steve to have a dog? Don’t you think he deserves one after everything he’s been through?”
Tony nodded, but didn’t move, letting Rhodey go ahead of him to open the door. As soon as it was open a crack, the wind blew it the rest of the way, and Tony felt the cold right away. He took one step and then another and then the third crunch beneath his foot, soft and… ‘snow,’ Tony thought as his other boot left the stone floor for the outside snow-covered ground.
“They’re going for the prince next week,” Clint said.
He did a quick sweep of the room, scanning for the closest cup which just happened to be…
Steve glanced up and smiled. He lifted himself and the dog off the ground and stepped towards Tony. Tony took a step back. Steve frowned and stopped. “What’s wrong?” He asked.
It started off with a scream to the right of them and then, before Tony could even blink, Rhodey was off running in the direction it came from. Tony started after him, but with his weak heart, Tony’s endurance was practically shit and he had no hope of keeping up. Still he ran, pumping his legs as fast as he could, barely keeping the knight in his line of view. And then Rhodey stopped in front of a small townhouse, allowing Tony the time to reach him.
“You sign the contract and the Accords, you hear me?” she finally hissed, when the yearning in his chest got too much. “You sign them and you come back to your kids.” She didn’t say
Red curled at the edges of her vision and her limbs froze instinctively as pale fingers and painted black nails danced on her temple, until she felt the softness of
started.
“You can put your stuff in the room you stayed in last time. Dinner’s at seven. Please take a shower before you come down.”
Then Spider-Man was catching her by the hand and she was
He sighed as he watched the sun come up over the forest, illuminating the trees in brilliant gold and deepening the shadows behind in inky black.
and she was clawing at her neck, fingers red and bloody and still she couldn’t take her eyes off of- “The smallest one was-”
Her chest constricted when Lila’s eyes filled with tears but she nodded bravely.
“You’ve put me in a very difficult position,” he finally said, and it was evident that he was addressing Toni. The media had deemed it fit to name her the face of the Accords, after all. And of the Civil War. Team Cap and Team Iron Man. An entire world split right down the middle. “#BringBuckyBack has been trending ever since that speech of yours. All those documentaries about Steve Rogers and his best friend? I know the game. Played a little myself to get where I am. And I gotta tell you,” he said, leaning forward and clasping his hands together as he eyed them in turn, “you’re lucky
“Why are you here, Vision? You informed the bots that the next time you returned it would be with Boss.” Another pause, and then, “You
“Don’t sell yourself short, Vision,” she chided gently, shifting a little closer to him. “I may have started it but I couldn’t have done it without you. Without
“I’ve been busy,” she finally said, her voice hoarse and her throat dry.
“So things are going to have to come out in the open at some point because I’m not going to be able to follow someone who doesn’t have my back and who won’t trust me to have hers.”
to be able to do that.
“I have
“I’ll
“Of course, Boss,” came the gentlest response.
“Well technically, it’s just the one. We already had Harley,” she said, jerking her head towards a lumpy black sofa where he and Peter were passed out. “And apparently we’re gonna be seeing more of him since he’s starting up school in Jersey City. As for
from the encroaching darkness.
Her back muscles tensed but she didn’t say anything in response and Bucky hadn’t expected her to. So after an awkward moment hovering, he turned around, saw that most everyone else in the observation room was slowly getting to their feet, and pulled his t-shirt back on, getting ready to leave.
Harley was quiet for a moment before muttering, “I may or may not have appropriated it from one of the passed-out douchebags who’d been a racist dick to Kamala earlier at the party.”
And that was that. The only modicum of hope they had at this point in time. The weight of the world, the protection and well-being of
he couldn’t help but wish that she were here.
Swallowing, Toni spun around until she could gaze up at Shuri, arms crossed, jaw hard and a scowl to rival all scowls present on her striking features.
And the thing was Toni really did look apologetic for her, the corners of her eyes and mouth turning down softly.
Bucky saw her bottom lip tremble for just a moment before Stark swallowed, tearing her gaze away with effort and rubbing her wrist.
Afterwards, Stephen walked side-by-side with Rhodey as they took a turn around the PT room and Toni sat outside on one of the standard hospital interlocking chairs, browsing through her notes for the UN meeting. She felt like she’d gone through it a million times and yet still, she kept adding more and sending an endless string of emails to Shanthi and her team much to their exhausted exasperation. Shanthi actually called her at one point and snapped,
“What do
She watched Laura for a while, silently reminiscing on how familiar this scene was, how, in a very different kitchen, the walls dappled with lemony, early-morning light, she had sat like this, watching Laura putter around the kitchen in a pair of flannel pajamas. Nathaniel, an abysmally early-riser, would’ve been on her hip. Instead, she had a tiny baby monitor - one of Toni’s side-creations during her stint on the farm - pinned to her breast pocket.
Something better.
“Yes,
“And my family?” he’d demanded.
done. From how the Accords started, from that stiff and unyielding, unforgiving piece of legislation to something
“We are saying, Ms. Stark, that you have made quite the statement not only to us but to the entire world. We could have simply followed your lead with the amendments of the Accords. I’ll be the first to admit that we made…mistakes,” she conceded, “and miscalculations, the first time around. But then you had to appeal to the masses and their sympathies.” She smiled and it was a cold and unfeeling thing, distant in the way that ruthless women who had seen years and years of political turmoil and war seemed destined to bear. “And the world listened.
“So this piece of technology you stole,” Coulson was saying. “We read the files and it’s a capacitor of some kind but you see, it’s…” He frowned and Toni smirked at the condescending tilt of his head and the twist of his mouth. Typical Phil. “It’s only
“Yes?”
“Do you want to take a look?”
Hope rolled her eyes but settled down.
here, Steve. We’re trying to give people like us a future where we’re not terrifying to the world. Where people aren’t going to try and control us.” When he opened his mouth to argue, she talked right over him. “Toni was right about this happening
“I wouldn’t,” Toni warned, stepping in front of him and placing a hand on his chest. Ross looked like it offended him on a subatomic level but she gave a warning push. “Aunt Flo’s come to visit, if you know what I mean. Things could get messy.”
something from the great
in him. Because history failed this man and left him to the mercy of HYDRA, the organization who infiltrated our governments and our most trusted leaders and almost
It had felt nice then and it felt nice now.
It hadn’t escaped Natasha’s notice, however, that not once,
“Do not apologize.”
“They would’ve had a lot to say about the Accords and their contracts,” she mused after a time and Nat felt the familiar stirrings of unease at the lack of emotion in her tone and her own inability to gauge the expression on her face.
She wasn’t used to this. The room was almost scentless, the temperature perfectly stable and the mattress still a little stiff. She thought of Laura’s warmth, of their hands loosely curled in one another’s and the comforting dip of the mattress of another body there with her. She thought of the wicked glint in Cooper’s eyes, Lila’s giggle and Nathaniel’s warm breath as he slept against her chest.
And that…
Bucky saw Steve smile a little to himself before he continued to scribble on the tablet that Ayo had given him. It hadn’t exactly been the prettiest when he’d first laid the Accords down before the others. Barton was still angry and had tossed a few choice words around about how maybe they should’ve thought about this before they decided to stand up to the man, but surprisingly he’d been the first one after Sam to start reading through them, begrudgingly admitting that some of the amendments the other Avengers had made were pretty solid.
He opened his mouth to speak, then seemed to think better of it and held his hand out in a fist in a gesture that reminded her of the time she and Shuri had their little heart to heart. She waited barely a second before opening her palm, where he dropped something small and delicate, right into the center of it.
She rubbed a painful, throbbing spot below the arc reactor, just above the valley between her breasts. The place where skin met scar tissue was particularly sore today. When she’d first allowed Helen to take a look at it, Helen had warned her that the cold would affect it, that her lungs would never be completely right again.
After that…
eno—”
“I don’t know,” she admitted, and she sounded so hopelessly adrift and unmoored in that moment that Steve wondered how she’d held herself together through all this.
It appeared before she’d even finished speaking and at any other time Toni might have paid more attention to that but right now she had other things to think about.
As always, thank you to everybody who commented and bookmarked and left a kudos on the previous chapter. I'm so so so glad you all seemed to have enjoyed it and I hope you enjoy this one just as much. There are a good chunk of comments that I still haven't responded to but I will do so over the next few days :)
. But he didn’t feel like talking about his problems right now, and decided that it was best to let T’Challa have at whatever this was.
just how deeply Bucky grieved over what he’d done.
And I think that you’re one of the best people I’ve ever met. And I
but he couldn’t be sure.
Her eyes stung and the cosmos blurred and she grieved.
to them
“What, Cap?” Her mouth curved into a jagged smile and Steve closed his eyes then opened them again, just wanting to make it better, to make it
“And what about...getting the others back here?”
. You are angry at the situation; you believe you should be home. Helping.”
“We’ll start administering the sedative on my count. Just as we practiced, Sergeant Barnes. Start counting backwards from ten whenever you’re ready.”
Laura’s smile dimmed. “Not all of them,” she said, and the shadow of Clint, or perhaps that absence of him, crept stretched long from the dark corners of the room. “Nate doesn’t remember him.”
Toni kept her promise and didn’t sneak away to her piece of junk car before her time was up. No one mentioned Toni’s swollen eyes or the fact that she didn’t look like she’d gotten a lick of sleep the night before - she’d managed maybe an hour or two at most, her mind too geared up in its ruminations.
And if she looked harder, if she looked with kindness, with a willingness to understand, she might see that his eyes were blue, so blue with just a hint of green -
“Well, isn’t that some stellar teamwork right there.”
Bucky tested the theory anyway and nodded.
“And you.” For the briefest moment, Steve thought he saw her eyes flicker hesitantly to Toni, whose expression softened before she gave the smallest nod that was little more than the blink of her eyes, and addressed Bucky once more. “You’re in good hands, you know? Doctor Cho’s the best. And
secret. And I can’t share it with them. Not yet.”
touch me, this doesn’t involve you! This is America-!”
“I do not think,” T’Challa said finally without a trace of judgment or offense, “that I am the one you intended to tell this to.” Then he reached across the table and, like he’d done earlier that day, took both her hands in his, cupped them between his palms and just held them, deeper than a hug, warmer than a prayer. And it hurt, it hurt, it hurt so much. “You, Antonia Stark, are not vermin.”
But growth ran alongside risk and mistakes and, as he’d learned and observed from those around him, from one being in particular, growth happened when one pushed boundaries.
however…” He thought about Toni in the suit, about the cars that had been so ruthlessly thrown on top of her, of the pain that he knew still made itself known in her arm. In her mind. He turned around and met Wanda’s eyes that were wide and glistening with unshed tears. “Humans are so very fragile. Both physically and mentally against the right opponent.”
“Shuri,” she said, letting the name roll of her tongue and hoped that she wasn’t pushing their new and fragile truce of sorts.
Then just as quickly she would strike with ruthless cruelty and Toni would smile because they always looked so
There was a flicker of a smile, so quick he almost didn’t catch it before she turned back her back on him again.
She blinked at Helen, who was looking back at her plainly and without judgment. Helen didn’t know, Toni had to remind herself. Helen didn’t know about Barnes. The good doctor probably had her suspicions, just like everybody else, but she didn’t
“What do you need, sir?” Leave it to Rhodes to ask the important questions.
“Let’s not do this now. There’s an angry, racist, old white man outside with two very intimidating Dora. This,” she said, pointing between them, “can wait. Or. Y’know. Never happen.” Because that could be a thing too. Professionalism without hashing out the past. America had made a killing off of it.
face. “I never did.”
A Siberian storm roaring in her ears.
. So goddamn good. He doesn’t deserve this life. N’ the world doesn’t deserve him.”
. She
“Steve?” Sam asked again, this time laying a hand on his shoulder.
He scrambled out of bed the first thing his mind going to being
T’Challa seemed to accept her explanation and settled his hand on her back, leading her towards the rest of the group and away from whatever tricks her sleep-deprived mind was playing on her.
And when she opened her eyes the next morning in the king-sized bed, Rhodey’s sleeping form unblurring itself before her, in that stage of half-sleep she tried to chase the last threads of the dream that-
Raising her chin defiantly, her eyes flashing gloriously, she replied with such compelling certainty,
. I had
They gave her identical beaming looks and Kamala groaned at Harley’s side, dangerously close to falling to the floor until Toni skidded over and took her other arm - the one with the seriously heavy
“It’s fine.”
Toni swallowed. “To earn my keep?”
Hope met her gaze fully, unflinchingly. “That day on the roof. When I punched you. Because I said you’d gotten my boyfriend arrested.” She shook her head. “That wasn’t true. Or fair.” She inhaled, held it, then released it in a gush. “I was...upset when he left. He...gets a call in the middle of the night from
Wanda’s fingers twisted in the hem of her black top and she dipped her head in acquiescence. “Me too. Thank you.”
It all sounded very practical, he supposed.
Toni forced a smile and Helen’s expression never changed - she was getting surprisingly good at that.
Like a jagged, open wound that had been there so long that the pain had become bearable, only for someone to rub salt into the raw and bloody flesh and remind him once again of his perpetual torture.
what Barnes was to Toni.
she hissed, gripping his wrists. “If they threaten to
Vision regarded her closely with something akin to wonder and, dare she say it, fondness, and there was that twinge at the back of her neck, like something she was meant to be remembering.
Everybody looked at Nat, whose arms were crossed over her chest, her lips twisted slightly into a playful pout, dispelling the awkwardness somewhat.
How many people think Vision trying to be JARVIS for the sake of Toni is NOT a great idea? Also, angry and bitter Toni is my fave and goddamn, I love writing it. Don't necessarily agree with her thought process or her perceptions of the matter but her feelings are valid given what she's been through.
On darker nights still, her mind whispered at her, asked her whether Wanda had left little seeds in the others…
"We should give her a cape," Hope had declared as she spun the 3D rendering of the suit around.
People
Natasha slowed her steps and Vision followed suit.
She smirked. “Tired already? We’re gonna need to work on your endurance. I’ll drop a note to Nat when she comes back.”
At that point she didn’t see Barnes. Just a man who needed something that she could provide and provide
“What do you think about us having a greenhouse? Side-project between you n’ me. For therapeutic reasons.”
Sometimes she looked at Laura, inadvertently studying her expressions. She would playfully wrinkle her nose whenever Nathaniel’s diaper needed a change. She had the most incredibly effective eyebrow-raise whenever Lila lied about doing her chores. She got a furrow on her forehead whenever she called for Cooper but he didn’t answer.
She tried to tell herself that leaving wasn’t losing. That it didn’t mean one less person in the world when the world had already taken everyone from her. She tried not to let it hurt, but it did. It hurt so much and it wasn’t even Laura’s fault. This whole thing was about doing good, was about bringing the people she once called family back
She was tired.
Wanda visibly flinched, looking hurt and betrayed, but all Steve could think about was how this was getting out of hand faster than he knew how to gather it all back together.
Nat saw it coming a second too late, something that would piss her off for the next ten goddamn years.
Though it hurt something fierce that she knew she had to leave this place, though she was fucking
“You’ve no idea. She’s a hell of a kid. Her and Peter both. Blows my damn mind how smart they are. They managed to come up with twelve thesis titles before Aunt May called him home for dinner.”
“I destroyed the Cradle and all my records of it,” she’d informed Toni bluntly over a call. The
They’d built something amazing here. Something decades ahead. She should’ve been proud of it. And she was sometimes, in quiet moments when her hands were moving and her all she could see was what was in front of her; an implement, a screw. It was when her eyes registered what was in their periphery that the illusion disappeared.
But Laura shook her head. “No. I mean yeah, in the beginning I thought this was going to be a repeat of the whole Ultron fiasco. But it was just you. You didn’t even ask and I said yes. Because I was desperate,” she admitted, and now she looked emotional, pain pinching between her brows. “You were my link to Clint in a really weird, convoluted, probably unhealthy way. But I just thought...I thought if I let you stay...it’d be what Clint would’ve wanted.”
She didn’t squirm, though; she stood there looking, if Laura was reading it right, almost confused in a muted, ten-years-in-captivity kind of way. She licked her dry lips and opened her mouth.
Steve whom she had…
, her legs are-!”
actually ask FRIDAY to fly the jet for you while you nap, right?”
It ended too soon and Laura was slipping the blanket from her own shoulders and wrapping it around Toni’s. She got to her feet and started walking back to the house.
Hope Van Dyne stepped down from the ledge, her head gear under one arm, and strode over to them, assessing them one by one. She lingered on Vision for a second longer with unveiled curiosity before settling down on Toni.
They were quiet for a while, a tense silence interrupted only by the occasional rapid typing and the odd comment on the other side of the phone. Even Rhodey had pitched in to say he and Hope were driving to the Compound to help out however they could. Somehow, in the midst of everything they’d come together, everybody lending their support in some way or another over one boy, over a kid who was, regardless of whether they’d met him or not, part of the team.
Then, without missing a beat, the man spoke up as if nothing was amiss, like his best friend had not just stuttered to a stop like a broken toy and like everyone else wasn’t anticipating the fallout.
It was just a metal arm. A profound and brilliant piece of technology that they had used to violate him, mutilate him,
. That the
during the Chitauri attack, and then again during the Ultron catastrophe. We understand their importance both in protecting this world as well as politically.” Ackerman paused then and licked her lips in the first sign of what Toni could only glean was
“H-how soon?” he croaked, then wished he hadn’t interrupted, if only that he didn’t have to see her stiffen, her body instinctively leaning backwards towards Spider-Man.
Toni had nothing to say to that. She and Clint were...
He’d been in a much better mood ever since he’d been able to make contact with his daughter, Cassie.
And move onto the next.
"You are
And wasn’t that just the question everybody had been dancing around.
Sleep in. Yeah right.
, this was the kind of traction they needed.
There was a heavy silence and then a small and hesitant, “Clint?”
She burned so brightly, brighter than the star in her chest.
spied on her in the past. Multiple times. She probably expected Toni to pull something like that as well.
Toni knew her fair share of superheroes and wonder women and highfliers. And maybe Laura would never get that kind of international recognition or have her own Wikipedia page but she was a rockstar in her own right.
As always, thank you for the feedback for the last chapter. Your words of encouragement mean more than you know.
Ayo just sighed as if the entire exchange was beneath her - which it probably was because she was
she sounded.
The white and gray of a Siberian bunker.
Bucharest.” Steve pinched the bridge of his nose, his whole body tense and heavy with shame.
“Machine Woman was one of them. Then there’s Mechanic. That one’s cool.” Laura continued and Toni listened. “Lila calls her Aunt Toni, Coop just calls her Toni. Sometimes we call her Iron Man.”
He smiled at her, hesitated, and when he reached out she willingly let him pull her in close for a hug, and Toni couldn’t help but close her eyes and melt into it, the amulet on his chest pressing against the arc reactor through her t-shirt.
Bucky wondered idly whether they had ever been romantically involved.
Again, thank you SO MUCH for the response to the previous chapter. You're all stars, man, and I am so happy and humbled whenever I see comments or kudos or bookmarks from y'all. It honestly just makes my day and I'm so happy to be able to share this story with you.
“And us?” she asked, that same hesitation bouncing in the tremor of her voice. “How hard’s it gonna be for us to get back to where we’re good?”
If Toni felt this bad she imagined Clint felt a million times worse. It was the only reason she could think of as to why he hadn’t called yet, especially when she had already given him the one tool to do so.
And full of something that was never said but never had to be because
couldn’t control.”
managed to be caught by surprise.
“What was that?” Hope snapped in her ear. “I felt a-”
Does not compute query.
watch. And you wanna know why? Because this is a delicate fucking procedure and I don’t need any distractions from anyone, much less from
From Vision’s reports even Rhodey seemed to be pushing himself harder in PT when he recognized a number of old names that had returned, men and women he used to train and spar with. Seeing Rhodey use her prototype around the Compound gave Toni the impetus to refine her tech and figure out better, more streamline designs for Rhodey’s legs. Once she had a large enough portfolio, she forwarded everything, along with Rhodey’s - admittedly hacked and stolen - medical records to a begrudging but professional enough Helen Cho.
The smoky aroma of hyeonmi-cha made her look up and she saw a styrofoam - no, not styrofoam, it was one of her own biodegradable cups - and gratefully took the proffered drink from Helen’s gloved hand.
that it does! You of all people should know!”
“People will listen,” he repeated, assuredly.
“Yeah. Maybe that’s exactly what I’m saying. Ah, well.” He grinned at Steve and clapped him on the shoulder. “It’s not the end, Steve. Just gotta be patient. We just gotta wait.” Then he stood, and jerked his head towards the table where Scott was laying out the food, Clint was setting out the cutlery and Wanda was pouring everybody water. “Food’s ready.”
“I do,” she amended in a voice so quiet she might not have said it at all.
Not today.
He realized his mistake about three seconds later, freezing in place.
And judging by the lack of sirens and the fact that the bots hadn’t bothered to look up from their game, explosions were apparently a regular occurence in this lab.
“My surprise birthday party.” Because of course Natasha would remember. “You lent me that white Zuhair Murad number.”
with herself. “It
Her mouth felt drier than a desert.
and she’d blind fifty of your guys with it.”
to believe.
Because Kamala deserved that much. And maybe, Toni thought silently, she did too.
The harsh words had left his lips before he could comprehend the sheer hostility behind them, surmounting the fact that he was speaking to a
more like.
Helen made a small noise of consideration in her throat as a couple of nurses began cleaning Barnes’ wound.
Toni snorted, thinking of Shuri.
to his own ears. A ‘thank you’ didn’t cut it.
“Toni,” he murmured quietly as the Nigerian representative calmly brought up one of the amendments - one of Rhodey’s - about the importance of time and response to a situation if a country head could not be contacted. “Your hand is freezing.”
” There it was: the dreaded word that made something heavy and cold settle in her throat. “While you have presented a very solid and very well-planned argument for your old team’s sake, Ms. Stark, there are some of us who remain unconvinced of all of your…
Nat met Vision’s gaze over the top of a still chatting Toni’s head. He towered over her, imposing and protective in a way that rang familiar.
Like she knew he would, Peter became part of the team through a combination of hilariously exuberant introductions and being wildly capable in training sessions.
“I knew,” Steve had said, so quietly, but it might as well have been a gunshot in a clearing. “I knew for two years. She...she asked me if I knew and I said yes. And then she was…” Steve closed his eyes and Bucky had wanted desperately to reach out and grip his shoulder but knew that nothing could heal this just as nothing would ever wipe away the image of Stark’s expression of utter grief and betrayal when Steve had told her, the way she had pressed her gauntleted hand to her stomach as if she would collapse with the pain of it. “And then we fought.”
, when she knew it couldn’t last forever.
“Well enough,” he replied. “I have been reading.”
- overcame him and his fingers itched with the need to
“And the arm,” he said, and swallowed thickly, watching the 3D rendition of his one-armed torso rotate mid-air. “I’ll be awake for that?”
“You know I haven’t forgiven Steve Rogers for calling my husband away. To fight in you guys’ mess.” Her voice was even but Toni winced at the near violent manner which she snapped off the thick stem. “Clint was out, you know? And he’d promised me that once Nate was born, he’d be around for his family.” She sighed agitatedly, still not looking at Toni. “I mean do you know how hard it is to raise three kids alone?”
“Then what am I?” she breathed, unable to grasp her own voice because it hurt. Everything hurt.
, he had one directive alone. So he should really be forgiven for reverting to those protocols and directives, for relying on something that he himself had suppressed as the Vision.
It shouldn’t have hurt.
“There’s a difference?”
filled up pages and pages.
. Time and time again. Who ask nothing other than that
I thought we were on the same page-”
There it was: an accusation and plea all in one.
I'm honestly blown away by the response I got to the first chapter. Thank you so, so much for every comment, every kudos and every bookmark. Each one made me increasingly excited that people were enjoying the story or found something in it that intrigued them. So thank you to everyone who took the time to read the first chapter and leave a response and I hope you all enjoy the second chapter as well :)
It had been
“So I’m told.”
“What did he mean?” she asked and he knew she wasn’t asking for the right answer, just some modicum of understanding. “When he said people are watching, what did he mean?”
“Iron Man!” Peter called, effectively snapping her back to attention. “Last group! Not sure the floor’s gonna last much longer.”
that Toni was so incredibly grateful to have become a part of. Laura had had no obligation to open her home to Toni all those months ago. She could’ve said any number of things, could’ve slammed the door in her face, could’ve told Toni to leave and never come back until she’d brought Clint home.
“It’s true, Kamala,” FRIDAY piped up, then added gently, “And I am always happy to assist however I can.”
pretty terrifying.”
,” she hissed, gripping Toni’s shoulders. “It is
“How long?”
It was about time she delivered.
“You guys go on ahead. Be there in a bit.”
When he rolled out, taking his empty container of food with him, Toni exhaled heavily and gazed up at the Accords again.
Rhodey grimaced, humming lowly in the back of his throat. “Ain’t fair. Never will be. But you did it; you, Vision and Hope and Shuri. Team Awesome. Brought her back to life a couple of times from what Vision tells me.”
He watched as Toni raised her head from her close examination of a computer screen, her eyes narrowed to slits. She grinned when she saw him and rubbed her hand over her face.
Her hands were shaking under the table and all she could see was her mother, her mother,
“FRIDAY,” he murmured, his mind awash with red and white flashes of code, the embodiment of her rage and pain. It battered against his mind and he felt the beginnings of a headache creep up his neck.
Helen stepped closer to her then, her voice dropping low and intimate.
“Harley and Peter,” Toni snapped. “Get out of the room.”
He closed his eyes as if doing so blind himself to the terror, the
They were all there. They were all
But he owed it to himself and most of all to her, to at least try to.
She craned her neck around and looked at where Laura was standing with an uncharacteristically nervous smile. Toni made a sound that was half a laugh and half a sob and gave her a meaningful nod before turning back to Rhodey.
He was young, still, in the grand scheme of all things. Young and
“You’ve been busy,” Laura said after a time, raising her eyes from where she’d been assessing a cluster of mugs with a contemplative smile.
“With the Accords,” she interrupted for the umpteenth time. “I know. The whole
Peter trusted KAREN enough not to reveal some of his more embarrassing escapades, including karaoke in the mirror with his mask on because god, that was the most cringe-worthy thing and Toni could
“As do you, Toni.”
Steve grit his teeth. “If you have something to say, Natasha-”
“Yeah. We could’ve. But maybe Toni had a reason for signing them,” Sam said pointedly and Steve felt something niggling in the back of his mind. Because Sam was right; Toni wouldn’t roll over for something like that. She’d defied the US government for years from her Iron Man tech for the very reason that she didn’t trust them. It was one of the reasons Steve was just
be able to recall how she’d first approached the only world-renowned geneticist worth approaching.
Hello everybody and Happy Holidays~ I hope whatever holiday you celebrated over the last week was wonderful and unforgettable <3
“Because that means having to face them,” he concluded. “Having to
Taking a deep breath and standing up straighter, she plastered on the most coldly delightful smile, unlocked the door and swung it open. Ross’ arm was still raised, Ayo was nowhere to be seen and Okoye looked like she was point three seconds away from breaking him over her knee.
There was a girl of eighteen or nineteen behind him and Toni knew immediately who she was.
Or tried to.
one of my emails ever since you decided to take a sabbatical to Jesus knows where-”
“What?”
“We’re close to getting the Guarantor Clause approved. Spider-Man will be under Toni’s supervision once she has had the chance to speak to him properly about it.”
, “we haven’t done this in awhile.”
Fatigue, achy and heavy, began to lay itself over her body the longer she stared out the window. If she closed her eyes right then, she didn’t think she’d be able to open them for another hundred years.
from the one person who owed him nothing.
“Yeah, well, not every situation is going to be like that.”
even though she wanted to reassure this wonderful and brilliant woman that Ultron and what he did never had anything to do with her.
So when Bucky looked at him and nodded, the unspoken
Shuri stood on the sidelines, watching as Steve pushed himself to his feet and dusted himself off. Over the last couple of weeks he’d gotten used to training in the heat and his nose and cheeks no longer peeled from the sun. The Dora were fierce opponents with a unique fighting style that Steve couldn’t quite get his body to imitate yet. According to Shuri he was getting there, though. And she was a genius and knew these things, so she liked to inform him as often as possible.
Toni leaned back in her chair, crossed her arms and inclined her chin.
Fragile glass bursting into a million pieces echoed in her ears. Her fingertips were cold. Her left hand was tingling unpleasantly.
If she had been anyone other than Ayo, Steve suspected she might have smiled.
In the end, though, Pepper was reliable and strong, so much stronger than Toni, which was probably why she’d been able to bounce back from their breakup far quicker than Toni had.
“I will,” she said, only distantly aware of how breathless she sounded. “Thank you.”
Then she had planted herself like a tree in front of him, looked him in the eye and told him
“We’re,” she began, fingering an errant thread on the frayed sleeve of her top. “We’re working on it. Too soon to tell but she doesn’t seem to mind working
on the way. Thank god for window tinting, right?”
It would’ve been tragically poetic, and she had always been a little theatrical.
And there was no way they were going down that road.
hum of discomfort emanating from just about everyone in the room and coalescing like a swamp of fucking
Just as quickly as it came, the feeling subsided until all that was left was guilt, sour and acidic, burning in her chest.
got into a fight with them. Not you. I just dragged you in without telling you everything. My judgment is extraordinarily impaired and I am not a reliable source in this situation, kiddo so don’t—”
Something so,
T’challa debated his feelings on being called the
He refrained from mentioning anything about the million and one times she must’ve seen it up close with Captain America and even Black Widow.
waiting. This argument wasn’t over. But it was for today. “You hear me, Stevie? I’m
She licked her lips then tentatively reached out and touched his wrist. “Thanks for not giving me shit for it. Even though I’d deserve it.”
Steve hadn’t pushed; it wasn’t his place even though he could see Bucky gearing up for it as the days passed.
Then Nat had been there in front of her and she had said—
Avengers as the media had taken to calling them.
What happened to your face?”
She had a retort. She had
“And if you didn’t meet Hope yesterday you should one of these days. Most days she seems torn between wanting to stab me in the throat and wanting to stab everybody else in the throat. Great with kids, though, but if anybody mentioned it she’d probably—”
. For some reason it filled her with an indescribable sadness of all she knew was to come if he and Kamala chose to walk down that path.
Steve barely had a moment to center himself before she charged.
He looked up at the sky, at the dipping crescent moon that slide behind the clouds and spoke in a voice so quiet that she might not have heard it at all.
the doubt and his uncertainty through it.
shit at. Because in the five languages of love she was the sort who showed her appreciation for people by making them shit. So by extension, her apologies tended to steer in the same direction.
When she looked up Ackerman’s mouth was moving but it felt slow, like someone had lowered the speed. This, she thought idly, fog sluggishly seeping through her synapses, was becoming a bit of an issue. She wondered if it was the pills Helen had given her and made a mental note to do a composite breakdown of the formula when she got back.
T’Challa held up a hand, something Toni idly suspected was part of his royal training to get his counsellors chill the fuck out, but his eyes never left Toni, who stared back, too silently overwhelmed to think of a question or add anything conducive.
“I know. But at the same time...I feel like I have to. I
“Shut up. You look like crap.” Natasha whipped out a makeup bag - where exactly in that tight pencil dress would she have hidden it? - shoved a few pins in her hair to keep it out of her face, and then proceeded to wipe off Toni’s ruined makeup with swift, professional motions.
It had been a week. Toni supposed it had to happen sooner or later and spending time in one of the training rooms with the kids or hiding out in The Room with Stephen and a container of Laura’s delicious roast beef sandwiches could only get her so far.
T’Challa’s rich laughter filtered through the speakers, genuine and so happy that she allowed it to distract her from the slightly troubling - potentially world-ending, if she knew Shuri and Harley well enough - rivalry between the kids.
would warrant a call.” She frowned like she found this particularly distasteful but Natasha was still trying to wrap her head around the fact that Toni had gone to
He woke only once, groaning and muttering and then squinting up at her deliriously.
He did as he was told, opting to make himself as unimposing as possible. Three different metal arms were spread out on the table, each component placed neatly in what he assumed was order of installation.
Bucky jerked, caught off guard and stumbled over his words a little. “Uh, I didn’t— I mean—”
“Yes, Toni.”
The next morning she emailed him everything she had on B.A.R.F., even though she nearly threw up several times before she gave an unwilling FRIDAY the green light.
in the background. So close to the surface that if I could only
It was effective in its own right, he remembered, and for a time it had given him a sense of perspective, of presence.
“Vision, is he-”
Or whether she might have stayed.
Still smiling, she rolled herself up so her head was right next to his metal shoulder, absurdly close, so that a few frizzy and flyaway strands of her hair tickled his cheek. She squinted, rested his tricep on the flat of one palm, and with the other, she dragged her fingers from the elbow, up the underside of the forearm, sliding from the wrist to the middle finger until she was cradling his hand in hers.
Toni’s sharp gasp alerted him that she’d spotted him.
Because at this point he could’ve done with
retorts. But saving her hand had to trump the satisfaction of shutting this asswipe down. Even if it really, really,
She turned to look at Rhodey, frowning.
“Okay, Buck. Okay.”
“Nah, I got a scholarship and full board. Wrote ‘em a history essay when I saw the brochure in my school’s staff room. Ma was happy for me. Relieved too, I think, now that she doesn’t have to worry about me making pipe bombs in the garage.”
Whether she had made them
“Hey, Vision,” she asked one night as her heart thundered against the confines of her ribs and remnants of white snow seeped out of the edges of her vision, giving way to the starry sky above them.
A hundred and thirty-eight flights.
“She doesn’t like it when people call them
killed her to do so. She owed it to the people who had helped her get this far. She owed it to herself. And she owed it to her team that had been shoved in the Raft, though she doubted they’d thank her even for that.
Her heart being pulled out of her chest. Sometimes it sounded like glass in her dreams. Other times the Winter Soldier’s hands were dripping with blood. Hers. Howard’s. Her mother’s.
“The phone. For getting this to me. Couldn’t have been easy. Didn’t think T’Challa would’ve been very accommodating after you used your bites on him.”
There was a murmured response of thanks and even a few polite but genuine claps before they settled into a patient, attentive silence.
- the way she’d done, had had to do so many times before. Because she was good at it. Because she knew what to say most of the time, and if she didn’t there was always Pepper or her PR team to help her make it up on the spot.
And Toni had…
looking at him and she shifted her weight from foot to foot. Steve took pity on her and huffed a quiet laugh that sounded hollow even to his own ears.
“What, Toni?” He spoke softly like one might to a frightened creature ready to bolt. “What do you feel?”
“How did you-?”
“Got it!”
Nobody said anything for a long time, hostility crackling between them like lightning.
“I dunno, Sam,” he said. “I just…” He grimaced and shook his head. “Just want this to be over for Bucky. And for me. The rest of it is.” He sighed again. “We can deal with it later.”
He saw Sam’s reflection in the glass nod slowly.
“We’ll be breaking for lunch soon,” Natasha muttered. “Thaddeus Ross is gonna be on a warpath to get to you. Get it together by then, Stark.”
“Thanks. I will. And if I’m free that night you’ll loop me in and let me watch the surgery?”
“FRIDAY.”
” she murmured, closing her eyes and just holding her because this is what she would’ve wanted, what she had
“We were all created to obey Boss and several other individuals do have the privilege of utilising us to a certain degree, but in the event that we as a collective deem it necessary, we are able to override certain commands. That includes Boss’ direct orders. Of course there are override codes for that as well, which is why I was hoping to keep our conversation a secret from Boss.”
“S’up, Toni,” he chirped sunnily, if a little shakily. “So, funny story. I was at a party in Jersey-”
Him and Steve, the last two people to see Stark in a Siberian bunker, on her hands and knees and her face twisted in pain and betrayal.
She’d hesitated for a moment before speaking.
behind.
, she thought desperately, with an almost
“You almost failed once,” FRIDAY said coldly. “Do not fail again. Boss is the one who gave you this life.
A mirthless chuckle left her throat. “Part of the job, I’m afraid.”
"What?" Toni had asked, blinking. "Haven't you seen The Incredibles?"
“What?” she asked, confused and more than a little taken aback by the ferocity in his expression. “Through the door—?”
disaster.”
. I promise.” T’Challa directed her towards the meeting room with a guiding hand at her back. “You’ve got this.”
Toni didn’t think she was quite ready to confront what that said about Barnes, what it said about
She wanted T’Challa. She wanted Vision. She wanted her kids, she wanted Laura and
Some things I'd like to point out are that the MCU's political situation is pretty sparsely portrayed so I've taken so many liberties with how international situations are resolved but ultimately I probably messed up legal procedures and stuff, so I'm going to hide behind the explanation that this is fiction, so please go easy on me?
Hello! It's been a while but I'm back from my holiday and I bear gifts of another chapter. I didn't have much internet access while I was away (because roaming charges are extortionist) but I came back to find my inbox full of you guys' comments and kudos and bookmarks and I was over the goddamn moon and it could never possibly get old, so THANK YOU for reading and sticking with me this far. <3
“You know that’s not it,” Steve winced, even though a part of him recognized the good-natured goading and well-meaning
“Off the grid. I...I can’t tell you where. Got people to protect. Sorry.”
spending time together. The kids
that flared in her chest because
“With what?”
Why would you
Or at least she thought she had.
Time passed in that intermittently fast-slow way it did when one’s mind was consumed with haphazard thoughts and anxieties. It was a perpetual state of being for Toni, one that hadn’t changed since coming here. Sometimes she wondered whether she even knew
Tony smirked… “Nothing Father,” he placed the blade away and continued. “I was just merely stating how you are absolutely correct, as you usually are, my lord, and I should listen because Sir Eustice always has your back.”
“It should come from you,” Nat had said, because it coming from anyone else besides Tony would be outlandish, and he knew that they were playing into his little crush, but that was besides the point. Clint had even bought a fancy purple leash for the little mutt and everything. He obviously saw it more as a team pet than anything. Now it was just up for Tony to actually buy the dog. He had been putting it off.. In fact, he hadn’t even looked at any yet, still banking on the fact that maybe Steve would suddenly despise dogs out of nowhere in the next two days.
“Give me half an hour to make myself presentable and I’m all yours.”
They all calm considerably once it’s clear from the notes the surgeons are inputting that Clint’s going to be fine.  Natasha, too.
Kudos are GOLDEN,
“Feeling nostalgic, sir?” Jarvis guesses.
Steve glances back at his boyfriend. Tony’s moved over to the nearest white board and he’s using a marker to write out a long, complicated equation. He pauses to explain a set of brackets, points at the board and underlines something, and the group gathered around him laughs. Tony’s audience grows by the second. Dr. Wilkes, and half the people who are left in the room, are taking notes. They look varying degrees of confused and amazed. There is absolutely no doubt that whatever Tony’s saying is absolutely blowing their minds.
“I should have done that first. I’m sorry,” Steve says. His expression really is full of apology. He means it. “I’ve still got a headache. I thought the taco might help.”
Tony laughs.  “I can’t believe anyone thought you were having trouble getting laid.”
Steve rolls his eyes, and walks into the kitchen.  He very deliberately breaks his egg into a bowl, to put an end to the game, when Tony shouts “Winner!”
Clint looks slightly ashamed, and Bucky nods solemnly.
“Still out for his morning run.”
“I really don’t think you could, if that helps,” Bruce says.  “But even if I thought it was possible, I wouldn’t run. I’d like to help you if you’ll let me.”
Tony reaches out for Steve’s hand and when Steve takes his, he pulls him down next to him on the couch.
“Your boyfriend punched a guy
“Don’t listen to him, JenJen. He’s jealous. He wishes he could be as cool as me.”
a bad year it's true.
“Already on it,” Steve says. “I was thinking we can use the fire escape, climb up a few floors, walk the ledge over the back of the flower shop, take the roof, then cut through the second alley on the right. That’ll put us out behind Nixon’s Deli. There’s a hundred blind spots we can use between here and there.”
Tony considers the question. “Happy. I never thought I could be this happy.”
“The burner phone,” Steve explains as Natasha rushes to the kitchen.
Steve nods robotically.  “You’re right.  He’s safe.  That’s what’s important.”  Every word sounds forced and false.
Oh, and we find out Steve's big secret eventually, I swear.  Maybe even next chapter if Steve and Tony can behave themselves!
“Damn,” Tony says quietly. “Granny’s got it going on.”
James has something else he wants to talk about anyway.
“Ah pal, you ain’t seen nothin’ yet,” Bucky says, extending Tony a hand to help him down out of the trunk.  “Wait till you see the guy hiding in the trash.”
“You’re going to date Stark?” Natasha asks with a raised eyebrow.
“You didn’t want him to finish that story,” Steve argues.  “You were uncomfortable.  I was watching you.”
Steve drops the paper to Tony’s desk.  “When Pepper and I were talking about the Hals exhibit, you said the only thing you know about art is that you like the stuff with boobs.”
“YouTube,” Steve says. “And it’s not going to be sexy.”
“I’ve been thinking--” Steve says, when he pulls away a few inches.
“Doesn’t matter,” Tony says.  “Go get your stuff, Cap.”
“Earth to Rogers, come in Rogers,” Sam says, giving his friend (and more than occasional patient) an elbow. “Seriously. You look in this deep. Spill.”
“Sounds like a plan,” Tony agrees.
But he doesn’t think he can have it. Tony doesn’t need to say as much out loud for Steve to hear how it hangs in the air.
“But I’m your ass,” Steve reminds him.
Nanna looks to Tony for confirmation.
She flops herself into the rear of the taxi and Bruce laughs as he follows her. They’re an odd pair, sure, but Tony is happy to see Bruce really connect with a person who isn’t him. Bruce needs more of that.
“He’s in there running a bath?”
“It looks like one of my dad’s designs but I’ve never...”
“Right before JARVIS asked you to bring me food,” Tony confirms.  “Thanks-- really, for breakfast.  And for shutting things down last night.  Did you get any rest?”
“When I first met him, he had bought himself more friends than he knew what to do with,” Rhodey supplied.  “If you can imagine what sort of low-lifes hang out with a fourteen year old for unlimited liquor and weed, you’ll get the picture.”
“I don’t know what I’d do without you,” Steve whispers into the darkness.
“A look like you know what’s about to happen,” Tony says.
“You are displaying many of the most common symptoms of depression,” JARVIS says.  “Perhaps it would help if you put on clean...” there’s a pause as JARVIS apparently searches through his database for an accurate description of what Steve’s been wearing for the past day, “sweatpants.”
Tony nods in agreement and that’s that.  He’s still not comfortable with Nanna risking her life for him but he won’t insult her by pointing out all the ways this could go wrong.
Tony nods.
Clint glances down forlornly at the egg on the floor.  “It does make me kind of hungry for eggs over easy.”
Tony and Steve stay frozen in place right up to the point they hear a crash and Clint scream, “My figgies! Nooooo!”
Steve knows Tony.  Or he thought he did.  This feels unprecedented.  The confusion must show on Steve’s face because Tony gives him a small, self-deprecating smile.
“How done is that?” she calls.
Steve puts both his hands on the small of Tony’s back and drags him close.
“It’s not,” Tony says.  “It’s potable, though.  Give it a try.  And if it’s not Bruce, what’s up?  Why are you here?”
Bruce is sitting on the floor of an old barn, waiting for a text back from Tony, when he first sees the flash. A man is approaching from a distance, with a bare, metal arm angled to reflect the sunlight directly into Bruce’s eyes. It feels deliberate. Without question he knows who has found him. It’s the Winter Soldier.
Clint speaks first.  “He relies a lot on his instincts and he’s not afraid of breaking rules if it’s going to help somebody. He can’t be bullied and he won’t stand for anyone else being bullied either, even if that might put him in the wrong. He’d be the first person in any group to throw himself on a grenade to save everyone else, so I’m honestly not sure how he’s still alive. Especially considering the company he keeps.”
“Ana died when I was ten,” Tony continues.  “Dad wouldn’t let me go to the funeral because he didn’t want pictures of me crying on the front of the newspaper.  Though it might look bad for Stark Industries.  Like I’d grow up weak.
Tony gets a text from Clint around 2PM on Friday, asking if he wants to get drinks after work.  Tony immediately agrees, then sort of wishes he hadn’t because he’s been having so much fun he doesn’t want to ruin his inclusion in the game by having these people meet him and not like him.
“This must have cost you a fortune,” Kate says, eyeing the Starbucks cup happily.
“Bruce?” Clint asks.
“I’ll do that.  Thanks.”
There’s another long pause and then a thud. Either Steve’s kicked something or he’s dropped to the floor. Bruce can’t tell.
“I don’t have his memories,” the soldier says. “Only his face.”
“It’s like the bad press confirms everything he thinks about himself,” Rhodey says.  "Like he wants to read that shit."
“Allegedly?” Steve asks.
Tony reads his phone for a few seconds and then lowers it.
Natasha rolls her eyes at Clint and elbows him in the ribs.
Steve knows a smart woman when he meets one and Pepper Potts is right up there with Peggy Carter.  He’s not going to argue.
“I'm not the one with the crush on him,” Clint says.  “If he snaps, I won’t take it personal.  It’ll probably blow my shot at a lifetime of free cable, but it’s a chance I’m willing to take.”
“It’s going to be in every paper,” Tony insists.  He’s agitated.  Maybe on Steve’s behalf?  His anger is confusing.  “Captain America’s a homo.  You really want to read that?”
Steve’s pretty sure Tony’s lost his mind and decided that because Steve hasn’t been eating, he’s about to make a meal for... 40?  It doesn’t make much sense but Steve feels obligated to assist.  When the box is full to the brim, Tony points at it.
Steve’s never actually tried an Egg McMuffin.  The face he makes after he takes his first bite of the gummy English muffin and the limp egg and the flavorless, chewy ham (is this ham?), says everything about his thoughts regarding McDonalds' sad attempt at breakfast.
The soldier considers Bruce’s offer and then steps closer when Bruce reaches out half the spongy yellow bar to him. Bruce is reminded sadly of a stray dog he and Betty used to see on campus back in the day. The poor thing had been about as wary of human kindness and food handouts as the soldier is now. The comparison only amplifies when the man sniffs the food cautiously before taking a hesitant bite.
Sometimes Steve wishes their league was structured a little more like the other Hockey Leagues. A best of seven series sounds great right about now.
“I’ll do you one better and give you the whole night.  If we aren’t heading out any time soon I’ve got some business of my own to take care of,” Natasha says.  “You good here, Steve?”
“In that case,” Tony says with a smile that definitely means trouble, “I think we better take this outside.”
“Text that to me?” Tony asks.
“Actually, before we get to that, maybe we should start small,” Bruce suggests. “There’s a ham in the fridge.”
“Precocious?” Steve guesses.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wanted to,” Steve says.  “I mean... I figure as long as you’ll have me, this stuff is all kind of my responsibility, too, right?  I should help where I can.”
Easy.
“It’s probably the scanner. Flip this one when the bubbles start to set,” Bruce says, handing Clint the spatula and nodding toward the pancake.
“For Avengers business, yes,” Jarvis confirms.  “Do you feel this recording is a direct threat to the Avengers’ Initiative?”
“We don’t trust them,” Bucky says. “Stane had a hand in hiring at least half of who’s left. We know Rumlow and Johnson are both on the distribution list for this thing. They’re bad news.”
“The man you’re talking about-- the man you’re so eager to rip apart-- I’ve never met that man,” Steve continues.  “I was on ice when he was kidnapped.  The Tony Stark I know is the man who returned.  The one who shut down a profitable company-- his family legacy-- and has risked his life time and time again to fix his past mistakes.”
“It looks like you’re halfway up a mountain, following me around the Alps."
“I want to go with you tomorrow, if that’s okay?” Bruce asks. “I don’t want to take up your time with him or anything though, so if you’d rather I not--”
“I’m not sure I’m going to fit,” Steve says.
James struggles to sit up.
Steve goes to the Smithsonian every Sunday after mass, without fail.  He knows why.  He used to spend every Sunday afternoon after church with Bucky, playing cards out on the porch, eating lunch with Bucky’s parents and sisters.  Sundays were for God and Bucky, and now Steve’s doing his best to hold onto them both.
So Tony hasn’t completely given up on large scale romance, but it’s all the sort of romance that Steve can appreciate.  And he is all the happier when the limo takes them straight back to Stark Tower so they can celebrate there, alone.
“And refer to yourself in third person the whole time,” Bucky says, a little less able to keep a smirk off his face.  “She’ll be super impressed.”
“Clint suggested I give you this so you can protect yourself,” Bruce says.
“Name of your sex tape,” Clint says, sounding triumphant.  His words are followed by a sharp oomph as Natasha takes her revenge.
“He’ll try and have you keep me here,” James says..
“The man’s earned a lot of words,” Rhodey points out.
“I’m the opposite,” Bruce says. “Right after... I don’t want anyone around. But a few hours later company is nice. At least when I think I deserve it.”
When Bruce opens the door, Clint is standing there with his hands up in surrender and a nervous grin.
“Ten points if you can work in a sex pun,” Clint offers.
Steve and Tony pass a row of school pictures on their way up the stairs.
A minute into the drive, Tony reaches over and changes the music.  It’s no longer the radio but it’s nothing obnoxious.  Jarvis, maybe, choosing songs he thinks they can both tolerate.  Tony’s quiet for nearly an hour.
Steve laughs.  “Yes, sir.”
“Take the picture,” Tony says, nuzzling Steve’s neck. “Call it.”
“He will neither confirm nor deny that he’s heard your knocking.  Captain Rogers, when the tower was built, Ms. Potts insisted I have protocols that allow me to override privacy settings if necessary for the health of an occupant.  This is one of those instances.”
Steve’s connection is fine so it’s not static that’s garbling the conversation. It’s Steve’s guilt.
“I said thank you for the bagels,” Tony lies.
Lights flash along the wall and Steve follows them deeper into the penthouse until he finds a hall closet that exists for the sole purpose of storing pillows and bedding.  There are a dozen blankets stashed there and Steve runs his hand over several of them until he finds an old quilt that’s well-worn and perfectly soft.  He pulls it out from under the others and carries it back to the living room.
“I want you to do it,” Clint says without hesitation. “You admit you’re making shit up half the time and that’s the only kind of doctor I’m going to trust. Do I even really need a splint or are you  pulling this out your ass?”
Nick Fury arrives shortly after, and Steve and Tony get sent home.  Bruce and Nick can handle it from there.
“Of course, Captain Rogers.”
Tony carries their coffee as Steve picks up their snacks and leads Tony out to a screened in back porch.  There’s a well-loved wicker loveseat, straight out of the 80s and Steve sits on one half, leaving room for Tony to join him.  He puts Tony’s plate on the nearest end table.
He looks down at the scanner. Whatever he’s weighing in his mind, it must end up in favor of trust, because he picks it up and leans down slightly to begin the scan of his knee.
Tony raises an eyebrow.  “So in this scenario, is it... you.  Or is it you and me?”
Everyone’s gone. They’d eaten lunch and gone their separate ways and now Tony and Steve are alone and all Tony wants is to rest against his boyfriend. His media-official, released a joint statement, spend every day off together, boyfriend.
Hope you all enjoy!!! <3
Neither party will engage in conduct regarded as favoritism or that other workers may reasonably perceive as favoritism.
“It’s not--  Don’t bother--”
“Oh right,” Tony says. He rolls himself back under the car. “Your foray into the Hammer Industries Server Farm. Seriously, Steve? Making Jarvis your criminal accomplice? That’s so 2001.”
“God, are you always this difficult?”
like Hitler.  He never hit the real thing.  And he and Hitler were both wearing tights at the time.  My boyfriend created a new element.  He’s been in all the science journals.  Twice.”
When Bruce finishes, James reaches down with his human hand to run it over his knee experimentally.
“Yesssss....” Clint coos from the background on the other end of the line.  “Hearing you cuss is just the best.”
“You have an armored car?” Clint asks a second later.
“After you get cleaned up, maybe we should get a doctor to look at you,” Steve says.
I'll see this fic through!
When he gets back upstairs, Bucky gives him a nod of approval as Tony sits the fire extinguisher down on the table.  There’s coffee and a plate of food waiting for him at the empty seat.  Steve nudges the computer he’d been using toward Tony.
“I told Steve I’d keep us all safe up here,” Natasha says firmly. “I’m not going to go back on my word.”
“At that charity shindig?” Bucky asks skeptically.
“You heard me.  That’s enough.”
Steve cocks his head slightly to the side, like a confused golden retriever.  “Did I say something wrong?”
“Don’t go?” Tony asks, once he’s collapsed on the mattress and covered by a blanket.
Tony turns in his arms looking horrified.  “We’ve been dating for
“Be safe in there,” Steve says.  “Save all the boom for Hammer.”
“I hadn’t left until this morning,” Steve admits.  “I’ve been using the gym instead of running outside.  Figured some fresh air might do me good.”
Tony has only been to the diner once, that day after their trip to the Children’s Hospital, and that day they’d only had milkshakes. This date is for food, and Tony seems surprisingly torn over all his options.
to keep you out of it.  And once things are a little more settled and it’s time to go on the offensive, me and you can hunt down that chair and turn it into goddamn splinters if that’s the kind of thing that strikes you as a good time.”
“Seriously?” Steve laughs.
“It’s not pity,” Steve says.  “I like what I heard.  I like when you’re honest.  And I would like you to come to dinner with me.”
Want to wear a cape and boots and dance around in Times Square?  Good for you.
This is bad.  Well, it’s good, because Steve’s hands are large and warm and Tony can instantly imagine a dozen ways to keep those hands busy.  It’s just Pepper.  She’ll kill him if he sleeps with yet another employee.  Things are so tenuous with the board and Tony’s been trying so hard not to cause problems.
He means to say “Hey.” He means to say “Good to see you.” He means to say “Thanks for stopping by.”
Pepper leans up off the desk and pats Tony’s hand.  “There’s only one way to find out.”
Bruce remains silent. Tony is wrong.  He doesn’t have anything, except all of the fault here. The fault and the awful, terrible truth of his own destiny: to destroy everything around him, right down to his own good intentions.
Are you upset?
“Oh! Want me to score you some big points?” Bucky asks. “Cause look at this.”
When he finishes, his own hands feel weirdly empty after het lets go.  He reaches for a muffin out of the need to grasp something-- anything-- so he doesn’t reach back for Tony.
She walks Tony the few feet back to Steve’s room, where he can see through the open door that Steve’s fast asleep again.
to Malibu.  I only stopped by here for Bruce.  We scienced.”
The TV shuts off and the room darkens considerably.  A lamp near the elevator begins to glow.  In the soft light, Tony looks different.  Less burdened.  Softer around the edges.  And he also looks like he’s going to wake up with sore shoulders and a crick in his neck.
Steve starts the car, turns on the radio to a classical music station, because those are the only stations that don’t ever seem to cut in with gossip, and they’re on their way.
“We just haven’t decided if sincere is enough to earn back our trust,” Clint says.  “We aren’t gonna let people shit talk him, though.  Not while he’s your boyfriend and Bruce’s Science Buddy. If nothing else, Tony’s family by extension.”
Bruce looks pensive. “Maybe. What about you, Natasha?”
Still nothing.  Still dark.  Alright then.
“Not until the morning,” Natasha says.  “He said he needed a night in his own bed and that you’d understand.”
“The press release isn’t a trap,” Steve says.  “It’s more of a bait and switch.”
Part of what Tony loves about his new found family is that they don’t look at him like he’s batshit crazy-- the way most everyone else in his life has looked at him since he was old enough to express ideas out loud.  These guys roll with it.
It does.
doctors did that,” Clint says with a huge smile, as he slaps his hand on his knee. “The talking out the ass thing,” he clarifies. “I just never thought I’d hear one admit it. I might be man-crushing on you a little right now, I’m not even kidding.”
Dinner leads to a walk.  A walk leads to gelato.  Gelato leads to coffee.  Coffee leads back to the penthouse.
Not that Tony would notice.
“Not yet.  I figure no news is good news,” Steve says.  “Can’t stop thinking about Bucky but this is better.  It’s so much better, than not knowing where he is.”
“There were place cards,” Steve snaps.  “I sat where I was told.”
There are just so many expectations; it’s exhausting trying to live up to his own reputation.  He spends the rest of the afternoon contemplating ways he can bail without looking like a jerk.  He writes out the “Sorry-- something came up” text a few dozen different ways, but never sends it.  He wants this evening out,  he really does.  And he’s not sure if he blows Clint off that he’ll get another chance.
“You really think Barnes can be saved?” Tony asks.
He turns and walks out of the room before Bruce can reply. That fine-- that’s good. Bruce likely would have mumbled something embarrassing like
Tony can see everything he needs to know written into the way Steve’s trying to hide the sadness in his eyes.
Complete 5/26/16
“I have it,” Tony says. “Just wouldn’t want to shoot the guy who’s sharing my bed regularly. Poor bedroom etiquette. Miss Manners has written a couple of columns about it. You probably haven't seen them but they're totally a thing."
“I don’t believe you,” Steve responds.
Things are so different now. Instead of feeling like he and Bruce are the odd ones out, they fit into the movements of the group like gears inside an intricate clock. Some of the time Steve’s got his arm around Tony, but every half a block or so there’s an effortless switch among the groupings. Bucky will need Steve for something and Natasha will fill in the space Steve left behind. Sam swoops between conversation partners in the same way as his girlfriend, so no one is ever left out. Everyone is engaged. Everything is comfortable.
“I do,” Clint complains. “Now get over here and help me up. Haven’t seen you in six weeks and I don’t even get a damn hello.”
Tony groans.  (He’s wanted friends for years.  Scratch that.  He’s spent his whole life wanting friends.  And this is what he gets.  These amazing assholes.)
“I like cake and balloons, what can I say?”
“It was not great,” Steve agrees.  He looks up from his bagel.  “So you’ll come out with me?”
“Can you not apologize?” Tony asks.  “I don’t deserve it.  Not from you.  Not from anyone.”
She hops lightly off of Sam’s lap before anyone can object.  Not that Tony would.  There’s something in her tone that’s says she's going to get her way.
“Good,” Clint says as he stands.  “Cause now you at least need to stick around long enough to see one of mine so we can be even.”
“Text me if there’s anything you want from the store. I’ll let Bruce know to do the same,” Tony says.
Between the four of them, they have the most high-tech paintball gear ever invented.  There are jumpsuits.  Tactical gear.  Guns.  Bows.  Arrows.  A variety of the most creative paintballs Steve and Tony could imagine.  Face guards.  For Natasha, a cane with a built in paintball gun.  For Clint, a duel-cam bow with Tony-Stark levels of flare.
“You want me out, too?” Clint asks quietly.
of gold, I swear.”
“Exactly,” Rhodey confirms.  “I met Tony in a robotics lab.  We were assigned to the same workspace, and at first I thought I was going to have to kill him and bury him out in the quad if I was ever going to graduate.  But one night I was there late and he came in with a black eye and a split lip and he just looked so young, you know?  He didn’t want to talk about it and I was worried my grade in that class was going to cost me my scholarship, so I didn’t push.  He stayed until the next morning, and explained everything I was getting wrong in a way that opened robotics up for me.  I asked him if I could buy him breakfast to thank him and he looked so surprised.  I found out later it was because that was the first time anyone on campus had ever offered to buy him anything.  People just figured he was rich.  Why offer?”
Tony glares at him.  “That’s what’s got your star spangled panties in a twist?  I just thought it was the great depression or something.  Seriously?  You’re worried I’m going to think you’re a gold digger?”
“You know me best.  If they’ll accept me, shoot it to my email.”
“You know, my dad made weapons for a living, and we never had this many all sitting in one spot in the house,” Tony muses.
“I think we need to consider the reality that we aren’t going to find him until he’s ready to be found,” Natasha says.  “He’s too good.”
“Something new wrong?” James asks, no doubt noticing Bruce’s concern.
James nods, but doesn’t reply. He picks up his borrowed satchel and takes off in the direction they’d been walking.
“Any word?” Tony asks.
It’s permission to take the call alone. It could be trust. Or it could be James doesn’t want to hear Bruce talk to the son of his murder victims. Or James doesn’t want Bruce letting in the cold air from outside since he’s on the couch without a shirt. Bruce doesn’t ask for clarification. He needs to get the call over with before Steve gets to Tony first. He sits on the wooden porch floor and leans against the chalet wall and calls his friend.
“You know James best at this point,” Steve says from the screen.  “I trust you.  You make the call and we’ll all follow your lead.”
Tony snickers. “Please tell me you don’t think that’s where the Internet is located. I’m dying over here.”
for a while. Not jumping into anything.”
James doesn’t agree; he does nod though, and there’s something pleased about his expression.  It’s obvious he enjoys anyone shit-talking his ex-imprisoners.
“Awwwwww, donuts no!” is the meme of the year.
Pepper nods.  “I told him.  Unfortunately he couldn’t stay to speak with you himself.  He had other obligations.”
“It doesn’t have to stay long,” Clint says. “Unlike Bruce, I’m not inflating my skills when I say I am one hell of a hair professional. I learned from the best.”
Kate is napping on Bruce’s couch when Bucky’s text wakes her.  She reads it over, flops onto her back, and breathes in the delicious smell of whatever it is that Bruce is in the kitchen cooking them for lunch.
There’s a few second pause, as Tony tries to work out if Steve’s having him on again.
Monday is never a good day to try and take off, so it’s Tuesday before Steve can get out of town.  He’s made his appointment with SI and rented a truck from a place near the airport.  He arrives at the remote warehouse a few minutes early, and is a little concerned when there’s not a single car in the lot.  There’s no guardhouse either, so as Steve walks to the front door he’s not entirely sure it’s open.
“I’m fine,” Bruce agrees as he closes the distance between himself and James. Probably not fine actually. Definitely not fine. But he’s not turning. James needs him. Clint needs him. Panic isn’t his trigger so much as anger, and it’s impossible to be angry with James when none of this is his fault. Bruce’s determination to stay in the moment propels him forward. He drops next to James, who is still seizing, and rolls him onto his side.
“Huh,” Tony says.  “I didn’t know anyone was doing that.”
“If we don’t find him, HYDRA will and I’ll be damned if I let that happen on my watch,” Steve insists.  “I have to do what I think is right. That doesn't mean you have to like it.”
Steve looks disappointed.  “Well, that’s a reason.”  He sighs, puts his hands on his knees, and then pushes himself up off the desk.  “I’ll let you get back to your work.  I’m sorry for disturbing you.”
“We’ve got insurance,” Tony forces himself to continue. “I’ll give you a head start to get out of the country once you’ve got it.”
"I really don’t mind leaving the multiple degrees to--”
“Just trying to help,” Bucky says.  “Tony’s trusting us with his life.  Seems like he ought to know why.”
“Tell me more about nanna,” Tony suggests. He reaches over to rest his hand on Steve’s arm to ground him. “What’s she like?”
,” Clint scoffs. “Anyway, you’re not eating it. You can complain when it’s going on your plate.”
And if you'd like to find me on tumblr you can do it
“Good game,” Howard says, swatting Tony on the shoulder as he walks past. “That’s what I like to see out there.”
“I can buy a new bed,” Tony says.  “I’m not picky.”
“12.5,” Bucky and Tony answer in unison.
Tony’s face is bloody, his shirt is bloody, and Tony barrels through the crowd of gathered photographers not giving one single fuck who he bumps or shoves out of the way.  It all happens so fast that they miss getting a clear shot of Tony.  When the flashes go off, their focus is on Steve.  Steve who’s standing in the door, with Tony’s blood on his shirt, watching him go with a stricken look on his face.
“I have instructions not to say.  You’ll need to ask Sir.”
“I just... there are boundaries. I guess. We should discuss. She thinks it’s important.”
Tony hates the tone of Steve’s voice.  He hates that he’s the one who makes him sound so lonely.
“They loved spending time with me, I think.  They were proud of everything I did, even if it was macaroni art or an A on a book report about turtles.  They liked the little things.  I didn’t have to do something impressive to impress them.”
Tony shrugs before turning on his heel.  “I’ve flown further for less.  Come on, old man.  Let’s get some lunch.”
“That wasn’t our last conversation or anything.  We had a couple of days between that night and when she...”  Steve trails off.  “But I wasn’t talking to her much, and she didn’t have a lot to say to me.  I’d said a couple things I think were still smarting.  I wish I’d have just kept my mouth shut, you know?  All I was hoping for was that she’d take a chance on being happy and somehow I got it all wrong.”
Clint opens the limo door and Natasha pushes Tony inside.
“That’d be nice,” Tony agrees.
“You’re impressed, I’m impressed,” Tony says.  “Let’s see yours.”
Even if they drag him out, there’s no stopping the flow of information now.  There’s no shutting down the press.  JARVIS is on it, and the truth is going to win the day.
“We’ll look after each other,” Bruce promises.
Steve appears to have run out of words, too. He stands eerily still and stares out the window at the lights of New York. Or maybe he’s staring through them. Whatever it is he’s doing, it looks like it’s got more to do with the dead than the living. And that right there-- that’s what helps Tony understand what he’s looking at.
“Is it really so hard to believe I care?” Steve asks.
"Don't remember the details. Just the necessities. S'true."
I was going to say,” Tony agrees.  “I have thoughts on Barton’s secret hidey-hole-farm-house thing, and I’m kind of dying to know who thought handing Barnes a butcher knife was a good idea, and I have
U and Dum-E chirp happily when Steve enters and then go absolutely bonkers when Tony appears behind him.  U whirs his parts like a cat purring, and Dum-E gives a metallic squeal.  In Dum-E’s haste to get to Tony he catches the edge of a work bench and sends a dozen tools tumbling out of a toolbox in the process.
“Me in danger,” Steve says.
“If you’re done with the Who’s Going To Kill Us All First Game, I’m awake, and I’ll keep watch if Bruce wants to go get some sleep or a shower or something.”
Sam’s grin is genuine and James looks slightly confused.
They lace into their skates, throw on some pads, and hit the rink. Rhodey sticks to the outer edges, skating slow loops to keep warm. Jenny and Tony warm up at center ice, then Tony runs Jenny through drill after drill to work on her skills. She never complains. She never gives him attitude. On the ice, she knows who’s boss.
“Sure, Buck.  Here.”
Steve looks up in alarm.  “A kill switch?”
“I’ve got to warn you, it’s not as fun as it looks. It can be a little complicated at first.”
“That sounds doable,” Bruce agrees. There is really no request James could make that Bruce won’t consider. This one is an easy yes. “Once we’re inside, Tony might be on the screens. You’ll hear Jarvis’s voice if I need a second opinion on IV placement. Steve was in Tony’s lab last time I saw him so he might be visible as well. Do you want me to keep them out of sight?”
“You’re such an ass,” Tony pouts.
“You’re worth every penny,” Steve says.
That gets a laugh out of Tony. “When I was younger I drove through a wall or two. Nothing that can’t be fixed.”
Hawkeye shows up at the chalet with rough news and James agrees to a phone call with Steve.
“I feel like I should be bothered that I’ve got no clue if you’re late night shopping in the nearest beauty supply or knocking over a corner store, but honestly, I’m too tired to care.”
Tony shoulders sag in relief.  He grabs for the counter to support himself and Steve rushes to his side, to steady him and then to hug him.  He holds Tony tight and doesn’t mind how the wet seeps through his shirt.  He doesn’t plan on letting Tony go any time soon.
“Tony’s... Tony,” Bruce says simply.  “There’s no easy way to explain what’s going on there, but he’s not a threat.  I guess maybe it’s time for a story of my own.  Meeting Tony Stark-- I don’t know if you’d have a reference for what that would be like.  He’s famous.  He’s
It takes Tony a moment to process all that.
“Fuck, fucking, shit, balls, asswipe!” Tony shouts down the stairs.
Tony sits on the edge of Natasha’s bed and she says something to him Steve can’t hear.  Tony takes off one of the gauntlets and Natasha reaches for his hand.  Her eyes are serious but soft.  Tony nods then leans down so she can kiss his cheek.
The SAD(RAD) Department get Tony, Pepper and Bruce to safety in the best ways they know how.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now that they have an audience, Tony seems more confident.  His public mask is back in place so he sounds like himself again.  Steve knows he’s the one who looks sad.  He’s not good at this like Tony is.  His Captain America persona can shield him from a lot, but it can’t mask the pain of watching yet another friend head off into a battle where Steve can’t follow.
“It’s not who I ever was,” Tony says with a lot of emphasis and meaning Steve doesn’t completely understand.
Tony leans down to kiss Steve, and Steve opens his mouth and sucks on Tony’s tongue and shudders with just how good having Tony close makes him feel.
Which has Bruce jumping out of his chair because shit that isn’t good. Though a quick check of the monitors has him feeling more reassured.
“Seriously?” Steve asks.  “Jarvis, are you there?”
“Yeah, you never know,” Steve agrees quietly.
“This guy giving you trouble, Dr. Stark?” a young (when did mid-twenties become so young?) man drawls as he walks around the corner of the nearest cubicle.  "He's got a bad reputation around here."
“I guess it’s a good thing you’ve got me around, then,” Steve says. “Motivation to get to a bed.”
And just like that, Bruce and Tony are off.  With the two of them working together they make short work of the rest of the printouts.  Which is just as well, because Bucky appears a few seconds before they finish the last sheet.
He’s a lot less sure about all this in the light of day.
James glares at Bruce like he’s just said the dumbest thing he’s ever heard. James was clearly telling the truth when he said a lot of things seems stupid to him now.
Of when he was sick with asthma and allergies and who knows what else.  Only back then, these dark moods were aimed at Bucky and Bucky never felt like he needed to take Steve’s shit.  Not like Tony does.  Tony takes it and takes it and takes it, like somehow he thinks he deserves to be Steve’s emotional punching bag.  Like suffering is penance.
For the first week, they don’t talk about Tony. Clint just shows up at random times, with food or coffee and whatever else he thinks might cheer Steve up.
Toni gave herself a few more moments, her mind buzzing and her heart racing and her hands going hot and cold. When she looked into the room beyond, she saw that the occupants of the observation room had dwindled to Vision, Nat and Steve.
A reason for why.
There was a stillness to the room, like a bated breath, everybody just waiting for Toni Stark’s pitch, to see not just what she had to say but
Bucky said nothing as Stark picked up the electric screwdriver and began removing the scorched panels. She had FRIDAY run a diagnostic on the circuitry, highlighting all the damaged ports in red on the hologram. Stark quickly and efficiently removed those too before she spent another twenty minutes manually checking each and every implement.
“I missed you too. It’s good to see you, Toni.”
The despairing roll of her eyes almost made him laugh.
to work with just one spell.” She didn’t need to look at him to know he understood. “Just the one. And it traps the energy from the spell inside a continuous loop. You only need to cast the spell once and the energy will continuously be recycled from the containment unit, through the emitter, into your hands and back again.”
“Barnes.”
“I’ll pass you my stash later.” Helen took the seat next to her and watched her patient through the window. “It’ll never be a hundred percent the way it was but it’s a hell of a lot better than what he’s currently going through. The implant only acts as the glue and the transmitter. It doesn’t
“Honestly?” She let out a breathless laugh. “I’m relieved.”
quietly. Bucky was never this quiet.
Her body still ached, her head started to fill up with that dense fog of exhaustion and there were people in her home whom she didn’t know how to deal with. But right now the only thing that mattered was taking a little bit of the burden off of the woman who helped her start all of this in the first place.
“Thanks. I have a good team. And a Pepper.”
“It seems quite clear that the Council has already come to somewhat of a decision pertaining to the fates of Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes. It is unsurprising that they be the first to obtain pardons, considering Captain Rogers’ status as a national and international icon. And as for Sergeant Barnes, Toni’s speech had twice the impact and reach that we anticipated.” He steepled his fingers in front of him; Toni saw it in the reflection of the glass wall. “They must be aware that previous events show that Captain Rogers will not leave those who followed him behind-” Her chest felt like a vibranium shard had just pierced right through the arc reactor and she rubbed the artificial bone around it, trying to discreetly catch her breath, “-in which case we can only surmise that their pardons will be following Captain Rogers’ and Sergeant Barnes’ shortly after. They will likely seek our...or at least an audience with
He breaches him, just enough to get the head in, and Stark melts beneath him – he's mewling, a wonderful, keening sound that drags out into a whine as Steve sinks deeper into him.
Old Lord Stark had brought the stone for the foundations all the way from the riverbanks in the west, almost a day’s ride from where the castle now stood gray and tall. For decades upon decades, only the strongest Black Forest horses had drawn carriages laden with boulders from the river of Hudson, until the old Lord’s great-great-great-great-grandson Howard came to power and had seen a stone quarry dug in a vale between the mountains.
Why?"
"What? No.
His eyes shrink to small slits, walk coming to an instant halt just as Steve rises from his crouched position. Steve is positive the file said his eyes were brown, not the artificial, glowing blue he's looking at presently. Stark appears uncharacteristically spooked for a man with his history, but Steve won’t lull himself into a false sense of security. There’s a reason he hasn’t been caught yet.
With a start, Tony realizes there's tears pricking in his eyes. His face is pulling a grimace, something pathetic and ugly that doesn't help his situation, and he's still standing there, bits of shaving cream framing his pinched expression, naked and frighteningly fragile–
while his head thumped against the wall to his back.
"Did you just–"
Actually, Tony is sure he is deliberately causing a ruckus just so Tony will – with a grumble and a swear – get up without having to be told. He could certainly imagine
Now there's a fantasy he has yet to work up the courage to bring up to Steve.
as the reality of their victory takes hold of him. There's a relieved, triumphant laugh clawing up his throat, threatening to spill as he watches the last of the fighting cease. Then, he turns, and his gaze catches on something that makes him still.
love here!"
Only when Steve is plastered to the opposite wall with hands raised in surrender does Tony realize he's backed into a corner and half-screaming the words at himself.
Maria approaches him more often after that.
Something reckless and defiant has set fire to his nerve-endings and for some otherworldly reason, it wants
Or, as it was, Anthony had come to see him in the old castle, now made new by many long months of work. He demanded to be shown around the territory and appeared rather eager, so James humored him in his request.
"Sorry, I was gonna say– Dinner's ready," Steve lets him know, coughing to paint over the awkwardness and the suddenly stifling temperatures in the room that have absolutely nothing to do with the heat crawling up the back of his neck.
As his aunt was said to sell some of the best pale ale in all of Hattam, visitors from within the castle walls were no rarity. Of course, nobody in the establishment ever quite expected the Lord himself to make an appearance, although others claimed he had, when in the mood for it, mingled with the commons many times prior.
Tony sort of, kind of… implodes. He feels his own face being pulled into an angry grimace, and points an accusing finger at Rogers.
But as it is, there’s a blade pointed at Tony–who is still himself, human and hurting–which is the first object that catches his attention when he blinks his eyes open slowly. He sees the unambiguous shape for what it is, namely a weapon directed at him with a wordless threat.
Blood rushes in Steve's ears, tuning out their combined heavy breathing, the slap of skin and the creaks of wood underneath them. Under the many layers he wears, he's sweating. Stark's moans vibrate against his skin and send pleasant shivers down his spine, again and again until – that's when he's done for.
On her twentieth birthday, her old maestro died. Carol was angry. Carol
want to the front. You want the engine. And I just so happen to be your only chance of getting there.”
Tony speeds up his pace a little, bursts of pleasure zapping up his spine and exploding into small fireworks behind his eyes each time Steve’s cock rubs over his sweet spot, the loose circle of Steve's fist around him the perfect counterweight.
Tony is in the process of double-checking the ingredients on his phone when the door to the patio creaks open in the adjoining living room. He frowns a little at the time displayed on his screen–it's been no more than ten minutes since Steve left–but keeps scrolling through the recipe, undeterred.
happened here and what's to be done about it next."
He wanted more and then lost everything, crushed the one chance he might've had in his own two hands. Crushed Tony's trust the same way he did the arc reactor under his shield. It's tragically, hilariously poetic.
being the keyword. Getting eaten alive isn’t how Steve wants to go if he has any say in it, but it isn’t himself he’s ultimately worried about–he has had zombies taking considerable chunks out of him before. Point being, despite the horrendousness and the agony of it, he has survived.
,” he implores, and it’s measured, now that Steve’s still across the room, a threat far enough away he can keep the arising emotions at bay for the moment being. Steve is done collecting what he needs, butcher knife in one hand and cloth in the other, flask of ethanol between his teeth.
Maybe Steve should schedule an appointment with Erica again; yeah, he should bring that up. Visiting a therapist on the regular can be help- and insightful even when you're currently feeling level. And then maybe Steve can discuss what underlying self-worth issues are making him sell himself short to the point of getting stuck with someone in Tony's ballpit of desirability. Because honestly, there's nothing much left of that
Tony flinches when he hears his name called, dark apprehension taking root inside of him at the sound of Steve’s voice. It lifts into something cheery toward the end of his name. Too familiar, too much.
Tony isn't sure if he'd go so far as to call it a kink, because it isn't primarily about the (fantastic, mind-blowing, magnificent) sex. It's that blend of physical and emotional intimacy that is really getting to his source code here. Perhaps that should be unsettling, how starved for this particular flavor of validation he apparently is, but he isn't in the mood to ruin the moment right now.
He embraced the other Lord a final time. They had already discussed everything that called for it. James would return another time to the Iron Castle to gather is personal possessions and furthermore receive all the aid needed from Mar'vill in his efforts to rebuild Extrenia, the territory of the south.
Bruce's touch would've been clinical, could have even been mistaken for perfunctory like a doctor's, had it not been for the sweat on the man's brow and the erection tenting his pants.
It’s quiet, reverent, but firmer than he expects, cutting through the buzz in his head and the bangs and groans penetrating the door. It’s a sturdy door, but by no means a soundproof one.
Flinching and curling away from a perceived threat is a humiliating instinct to succumb to. Shameful. Enough for his neck to burn hot and Ross to pick up on it. Which is worse.
No, there's flashes of light. Colors. Shapes.
His practiced nonchalance is nothing in the face of Steve, who so often reads him like a book in ways that make Tony want to scowl at and kiss him at the same time (and he has done both on a variety of occasions), now squints at his suspiciously neutral expression in the mirror–and promptly begins to look much too smug for Tony's liking.
Tony. God, how he wished for that. It was more than he ever deserved, probably, but he'd wished for it. To call Tony his.
Tony squares his jaw and keeps going, as soaked through, injured and despondent as he may be.
He swallows instead, frozen in the moment. Steve's eyes are fixed on his, and he's not blinking. Tony's lungs decide to stop working. He thought he could-- he could do it, if he had to. For the universe's sake.
“And why is that?” he scoffs, one corner of his mouth crooked upward in mockery as he shoots Bucky a look. "From what I've seen, your friends in first don't give a rat's ass about you." His friend isn’t nearly as entertained; he merely urges Stark to continue with a pointed twitch of his chin. Steve figures there must be a decent twist to the whole story if he’s got Buck contemplating it already.
Steve’s answering, indignant huff is witnessed by no one, as Stark has disappeared to his quarters, a sleeping space in one of the last columns of beds in the wagon. When the alpha follows him, he’s already made the climb to the second bunk from the top, one that’s been vacant for quite some time – Steve can’t even remember who its last inhabitant was – and is now slipping behind the curtain (a raggedy blanket fixed under the mattress on top) and out of view.
There’s an itch in his fingers. There's an itch and it makes him want to do just that every other second of every day and it’s near killing him, but he
Everyone gathered around him is almost frozen in the moment, motionless and disbelieving as the arc reactor gives one last, defiant flicker and then shuts down. It's a cruel metaphor.
Tony remembers those moments after the impact, after Steve jumped and Tony followed seemingly just to spite all logic and common sense left within him. He hurt, then. More than he'd ever thought possible, not with everything he'd already been through. He thought he'd built up endurance for anything and everything that fate may throw his way, but this -- nobody would know to prepare for this.
here.
Steve squats down next to him, putting one knee on his chest as he makes to rise. Stark sounds a choked, wounded noise when Steve presses hard against his sternum–and suddenly stops resisting. It takes no effort at all to force him down onto his back.
“Are.” Kiss.
Eyes brimming with unshed tears and betrayal, Tony is looking at him again. The question is almost inaudible, a whisper laced still with incredulity like he can't believe he has to ask it.
"Did you know?"
This was not to say he hadn't heard about the rumors, of course. Even if he had tried not to listen, the whispers were loud even in a deaf man's ears. This was not a figure of speech – Stark's best bowman, a fellow named Clint who had lost his hearing at a young age, was in no way less aware of the things people told. In fact, he appeared to be one of the greatest conspirators inside the castle gates himself.
His skin is crawling. He feels sick. Tony eyes the sink and swallows a mouthful of bile.
"It was the only way."
because he's deeply mortified about just the knowledge that Steve feels that same sensation that greeted Tony when he put his hands there. It's fat, down there, and it wobbles when you shift it, and he knows lots of people have it.
It's been a slow-going process, and yet he's here, suddenly stripped of all his defenses and bare in a way that has nothing to do with his state of undress.
"As if Tony Stark has ever cared about whether or not he shows up for a reservation in his life."
, without doubt," the blonde scowled in response to her lover's giggles, "but they are misguided. You won't do these foolish men any favors by allowing them to continue to think themselves safe. Talk some sense into them, will you?"
"Sure you're up for this?"
Funnily, Lord Stark did not even want for his aunt’s famed ale – although the woman knight in his company did drink to cover both his and her own share – and instead asked for a blueberry pie, which was another specialty of the house in its own right.
On the fifth day, he had recovered from the worst of it, still visibly aching if he so much as moved but his head much clearer than it had been.
Let it be known that Tony will be the first to admit that his impulsive behavior doesn't always prove itself an asset. In fact, most of the time, it leaves him in less desirable situations than he initially found himself in, and that feat alone should be considered a small miracle.
Bruce's lips twitched with the hint of a smirk, and Clint rolled his eyes. The latter also was the one to say, "C'mon, man. We helped, now we want a proper show. Tony's gonna die of blue balls if you don't give him his time of day. And uh, me too, by the way."
He's begun to dislike his body's infallible ability of self-healing. Who would've guessed Erskine could do his job
But that's not the main focus of this frankly uncomfortable realization he's having, no. It is more focused on the softness of his chest, the receding definition in his calves, the first hint of love handles and the too-obvious pouch there by his stomach where he thinks he's had defined abs sometime ago.
The castle's residents could not do much but oblige by the demand, seeing as she had taken out every guard in the vicinity. Gods, she had not killed them – that would have surely been reason enough to get her hanged – but they were either passed out or injured to a minor degree.
Tony would squeeze his eyes shut, somehow thinks that would make it easier concentrate, but there’s something that tells him he
but it goes a long way toward making him appear inconspicuous. Tony is pretty sure the only reason Steve didn’t shave it off earlier is to indulge him, which gives him all sorts of thoughts on how to make the most of this rare occurrence.
"Sure it isn't just the gray fooling you?" Tony returns, and his smile is almost wide enough to show teeth. Steve shakes his head firmly. "I'm sure."
He wore a velvet doublet the color of wine and a black cloak trimmed with golden silk, and possessed a blinding smile, a demeanor so eccentric it should not have fit the room and the ability to produce unending strings of words at any given moment in time. He seemed every bit like all other high royals she'd encountered in her lifetime and nothing like the warrior they called the Man of Iron who struck down Thanos the tyrant on that fateful day.
The knock returns and, before Steve can demand what justifies the disturbance, the door opens to reveal his secretary. Sharon would (attempt to) shoot him if she was aware this is how he refers to her in his head, but it can't be denied that this is precisely her occupation when she isn't infiltrating Hi-dra for a change.
Tony slides his empty cup across the island and receives a helping of pancakes in return. He should probably ask what that’s about, but Steve’s words have presented him with the perfect opening and he’d be a fool not to make use of it.
Tony wonders if he’ll die like this; spend his final moments trying to think of a way to make them last after all.
Tony won’t. Not because his endurance doesn’t match Steve’s in every way that matters, but because it is in the nature of the virus to kill and turn any human being that isn’t fortunate enough to carry the fancy all-around vaccine that is Erskine’s serum.
With fingers that may be shaking from both the cold and dark apprehension, Tony grabs the lantern tied to Butterfingers' saddle by its handle. It takes him three attempts to get a match lit, and he tosses it into the snow as soon as the flame has caught. Then, he follows Rogers' footprints out into open land – and jolts to a halt when he hears movement of multiple bodies.
Steve is so very painfully aware of how not qualified he is to have this conversation.
Steve swallows around the lump of tears in his throat and
Unhurried, Steve takes the NEMNP back out and deactivates it. Stark gasps for breath, sucks it in through
"You're one of those S'vjetian broads, are you not?" he inquired, baring his teeth as he smiled through a sip of summer wine.
, and the warmth of Steve all around him echoes variations of
Steve is leaning over him, close again. The hand that previously held him open is now caressing the curve of his cheekbone, and Tony presses into his palm without a second thought. This is safe. It won't mean anything. This won't betray that Steve in him and those words coming out of his mouth are actually beginning to get the better of him.
Steve lifts an eyebrow in question but shakes his head slowly. He remembers Tony destroying the organisation (AIM?) that brought Extremis into being (without calling for the Avengers’ help, because despite everything, the guy was almost as much of a stubborn bastard as he is) but as far as Steve knows, he never did experiment with the stuff other than getting it out of Pepper’s system.
. Whatever you want, just don't. Don't let them–"
At twelve, wooden swords were forgotten in favor of real steel, though blunt it may have still been. Thanks to his hardworking mother's infallible reputation, the Lord promised him a place in his household guard. While the masters taught Anthony the many crafts and skills a Lord was required to excel in to rule over a castle and the lands beyond, James was to train with the other knights-to-be to one day become a respected member of the Iron Guard.
As he was called to come forward, the knight bore his way through a crowd of contestants and finally emerged, strained smiles and wild gaze belying the discomfort he seemed to feel upon having the people’s undivided attention thrust upon him.
Steve nods. "Sounds pretty tame, considering."
Tony cracks his eye open to steal a glance at the mirror. Steve’s curled over him to be able to make kissing easier on Tony’s neck (because of course he’d consider this), forcing him to lean forward. The hand on his erection is pumping him with the clear intent to grant his long-awaited happy ending, and the upward-hitch of Steve’s hips is incrementally growing higher as he’s chasing his own release.
"Hey," Steve mumbles into his hair, nose nudging the top of his head. "Eyes open, c'mon. Want you to look."
After he’s sheathed his length in the other man, pelvis meeting his hip, Steve blinks his eyes open, dazed. Being assaulted with all that sensation, he hasn’t even noticed they fell close. Stark makes himself heard almost immediately the moment Steve bottoms out and stills: He grumbles a protesting “
And, although they’ve just climbed a rooftop in the middle of downtown, he’ll find one if Steve hesitates long enough. This was nice enough, but Steve’s got his share of activity for the day. If we wraps this up quickly, he might make it back before the clock reads 2100.
“You’ll wanna see this,” he says, his jaw set and expression unreadable.
Steve flops onto his back next to him. After a moment, he rolls to his side to face him. Tony turns his head, reaching out to tenderly brush away the darker strands of hair sticking to the blond's forehead.
Steve comes back to reality quicker and more violently than he'd like.
He would be falling into a minor panic right about now, were it not for the weight on his chest he becomes aware of with a sudden, intense jolt. Tony exhales and lifts his head, coming face to face with Steve who's staring down at him, taken aback.
They’ve never been deer, and this far down the road, Steve and Tony aren’t fazed by much anymore. There’s only a curse muttered through a heavy exhale that steels for what is next, an assessment of the situation with sharp gazes and quick eyes, and then they move in unison to face the incoming threat head-on when it becomes evident there are no other options left.
Tony is embarrassed to find that the sound he utters at the first touch of Steve's fingers to his hole isn't a moan, or a grunt, or any of those sensible things. No–he whimpers, desperate and already wretched despite the fact that nothing earth-shattering has happened as of yet.
In any case – the man was on the cover of every magazine, in every talkshow and every paper, reciting every aspect of
Steve doesn't know how or why this would be possible, but he does know that he needs a confirmation, knows that he'll have to see it with his own two eyes to believe it.
"Well, I can't help you with your math problems, but we could find a way to pass the time until he's done with his work?" Steve suggests, looking around the room in the search for something that might interest the girl. Finally, his gaze lands on the container of colored pencils on the far side of the coffee table. There's an idea.
Peter stared at the now empty space in front of him before he gathered his bearings and made his way down the left hallway that would eventually take him to the desired location.
There's the scrape of a chair against the floor and then a hand comes to rest on his shoulder cautiously, as if Steve isn't sure whether it's a comfort or will only fuel his anxiety. Funnily enough, Tony doesn't know either.
After a brief struggle, his legs fold in on themselves and he slides down until the floor greets him. The floor, he finds, is still there. It shouldn’t be much of a surprise–rock bottom is an old friend that has never failed to welcome him with open arms.
and knows they're alright. They'll miss their friend Steve once in a while, but they cope and heal, together.
sleeping on the damn, lumpy thing that barely qualifies as a couch) at the crack of dawn, not bothering to keep the noise down as he prepares coffee, reignites the embers in the fireplace, and wolfs down a ration of beef jerky.
even though there's no way he could get it up again right now.
As fast as it's come, the exhilaration of his orgasm is swept away. Steve pulls out, ignoring the gush of what he knows is more than his own spend, tucks himself away and is clinical in his way of dressing Stark back up. A faint, satisfied something thrums in the back of his head as he sees that he wasn't alone in his climax, but he doesn't comment on the fluid dripping from Stark's stomach onto the ground below.
Romanoff then looks at Steve. He expects her to fully disregard the situation at hand, but ends up surprised once more when she says, "That answers why there's no decent nanotech to be found anywhere."
The effect Tony had on him in any state would always be overwhelming, but he'd never been as attracted to the man as he was right then, gaze trailing from his flushed face and reddened lips over the graceful slope of his back to the swell of his ass, littered with traces of handprints and split apart by the overbearing intrusion of Steve's erection. It was almost– morbid, how this usually tiny, furled bodily orifice was dilated to accommodate Steve's girth. Some part of him hadn't believed it possible, but there he was, Tony in front of him and keening, wanton for more.
"Please," Stark suddenly grinds out, hoarse and utterly wretched. Steve's eyes snap back up. He hasn't witnessed the man plead with anyone for anything – not even Bain as she left him here, all but throwing him to the sharks. And yet… "I need, I– just, the one time. That's it. I'll never ask you for anything, but, this once. I can be– I can be good,
Happy. That's nice, Steve figures. And she always seemed like a morning person – getting as much out of the day as possible and such. With Tony's daughter in her care, that would probably count double.
Finally, Tony throws his hands up and goes back inside, slamming the door of the cabin close behind him hard enough the wood creaks in agony. He's done standing around and he's done offering his help time and again only to be disrespected for it. The shed can collapse on Rogers (and hopefully knock some of that righteous bullshit out of his head) for all he cares.
," Stark wheezes through a relieved exhale as he lays eyes on Steve, his pupils dilated to the point black dominates his brown irises.
"Steve,
It's cooled down overnight. When Steve stretches (as much as he's able to in the single bed) and the brisk air makes the hairs on his arms stand, it takes all his willpower and the painful emptiness in his stomach to keep him from curling back up in the blankets.
No matter the time of week or the pressing matters at hand that begged to be attended to, Lord Stark
Not long after, they hold a ceremony in Nat's memory, out on a nice field with willow trees swaying in the wind. Steve's never really formed an opinion on what the afterlife might look like (if there is one), but he hopes wherever she is, wherever the both of them are – he hopes they're okay.
Steve can't help but smile at Tony's comment. Of course this is what he'd say.
Tony wills himself to move on from the topic and climbs into bed. Steve’s smell has faded from his pillow a few weeks ago, but he hugs it to his chest anyway, curling around it as much as humanly possible. It’s not long until he slips into the haze that precedes sleep, teetering on the brink to oblivion.
After a minute of uncomfortable silence hovering between them, Steve decides to end it and broach a different topic. He's been meaning to ask, anyway.
Lady Maria’s fate threw the young Lord Stark into a depression so severe he almost found death at its hands himself, not least because Howard’s counselor Obadiah Stane had attempted to overthrow his reign in his time of weakness with a ragtag mob of sellswords and renegade knights from the Iron Guard.
he reminds himself. The Tony of another universe in which he’s now stranded for an undetermined amount of time. (Steve isn’t ready to commit to the thought that that timespan might expand to ‘forever’ at some point.)
The flesh wound in his leg is still throbbing, a consistent burn, not bleeding but not yet healed. There's an ache between his ribs and in his jaw and shoulder, proof of the war and the authenticity of it. This is happening. It's real, it's happening, it's
"I love you too."
being a moron and all, can obviously see that it will only take a mild blizzard and a new, heavy layer of snow to trigger an avalanche. Doesn't take a genius (or intricate mountaineering knowledge) to figure that out.
“Stay with me now,” Rogers says, again in a voice that allows for no compromise. Tony isn’t allowed to go anywhere, no matter if his body would like to or not. It’s a command, sharp and yet soft at the core. The message is– soft, because it reveals… it reveals what Rogers has kept under covers all this time. He wants Tony around. He wants–
Two of the people on board have a brown mop of hair, one of them smaller than the other. The tallest stick figure is blond and probably happier than Steve can remember himself ever being. It's ear-to-ear smile is almost mocking him:
Of course, he doesn't get an answer, but the pleased rumble he receives when he snaps his hips forward just a fraction harder speaks for itself.
non-enemies with the fact that he will have to ration the alcohol if he wants to get by. He's run the numbers, and if he limits himself to a flask a week, he might just be able to make ends meet.
Once he has assessed the damage done to his person, Tony looks around. He’s alone, completely and utterly. No horse, no mules, no nothing. Well, no group of hungry canines is greeting him either, so there is a silver lining leastwise. He shudders as a chill washes over him. It’s high time he gets out of the water.
. The solution. Strange said I needed to find the way, and I did my part. But you–” The itch in his throat gets too intense. Tony coughs violently to relieve it, and Steve’s eyes turn dark and mournful as if Tony was already dead. “You need to do your part, Steve. Promise me. Promise me you won’t walk out on me, not on this. Please. I need this. Steve?”
He drags in a shaky breath to stave off the sob that threatens to escape him. This is messy. It's too much. This whole everything, it's all just, all over the place, and he needs something–he needs–
After a while, Tony trots down to the kitchen, stretching his arms over his head through a content yawn. The first order of business is coffee, but then he decides to take a shot at breakfast again. He's been told his last batch of omelets was only a minor insult to a self-respecting person's taste buds.
Tony blames the tremors on the cold. He doesn’t have an excuse for the heart palpitations, excessive sweating and the way everything’s suddenly brighter, louder and harsher yet, but he’ll come up with something. He always does. In the meantime, lingering and doing nothing won’t bring him any relief. Tony
It carries a strange energy, something old and deep and laden with tranquility that's comforting. There's only the long, wooden bookshelves, the bed that's too narrow for his large frame and creaks when he sits, and the dust floating lazily through the air solely made visible by the light seeping in through the window above – and Steve.
Tony gives himself ten seconds to calm his spiking heart rate, then sucks in a deep breath and rolls Steve's body to the side with one hard push. Strangely, he's still unable to move away. Tony notices the iron grip which the other man has around his closed fist, restricting his range of movement. After a moment of consideration, he attempts to pry Steve's fingers off, but not even his pinky budges half an inch. No such luck; it really is an
Tony stares, befuddled, but Rogers returns to his work and doesn't utter another word, even after Tony has gone on a tirade highlighting all the very obvious reasons why leaving him in this condition is a bad idea.
Seeing as Strange had disappeared the minute he finished his work, Anthony would undoubtedly want to meet the other man who was in part responsible for saving his life.
Tony returns to lay at his usual spot by the window, pressing his cheek against the glass because his head is too heavy on his shoulders. He sees the stars crossing their path even when he closes his eyes, shapes and colors dancing behind his eyelids–until he reminds himself that he can’t, lest he find too much pleasure in resting and risk falling asleep for the last time. He might not wake again if he does.
, Natasha was sure. A single wrong movement and one would find oneself cut open by its edge.
Convincing him to come out of hiding after the symptoms have died down is… difficult, at first.
They’re in the process of crossing a shallow, partially frozen riverbed when Butterfingers halts in her step, jolting Tony out of his daydreams. Her nostrils are flaring, ears coming to lay flat on her head and eyes widening all in the span of a few heartbeats. Tony barely has time to react to the sudden development before she starts sidling about, the other animals in tow getting a whiff of her anxiety and following suit.
Tony arrives shortly thereafter, strolling over to the kitchen saying, "Okay, honey, what do you need me to–" until he realizes his daughter is not there and he's talking to himself. He whirls around, locking on Steve's figure sitting at the couch and then, after a moment, spots Maria next to him – his shoulders sag just the smallest bit as he lays eyes on her.
Days.
Nothing has changed.
to be pushed to his outermost limits, to be used, to be wrecked.
"Think they saw us?"
Steve blinks. Sure, he considered it, but he didn't think– Fact is, he's gone through a fair share of invasive medical exams in his time, and this being a possibility is something the scientists never brought up. Hence he figured there was nothing out of the ordinary with… well.
Steve's heard, though. Clear as day. And he's trying not to think about all the possible reasons why Tony would do such a thing when he seemed so adamant about wanting him out of the house as soon as possible.
“One of these has the explosive force equivalent to ten sticks of dynamite.”
"I know."
Stark?
Tony scoots over to the side of the bed that's closest to the mirror, having to suppress a shudder when the movement shifts the plug inside him.
The room they put him in next is nothing short of a cell. Really, it looks an awful lot like the interrogation rooms they had back when he was with SHIELD – gray, flat surfaces, no loose pieces to be used as bludgeons and empty but for a rectangular bench bolted to the floor.
finally registers with his brain. It reminds him a bit of freshly mowed lawn, but there's a deep, earthy undertone that you'd associate with only one type of place: the woods.
"Hikers, probably."
Steve sucks in a trembling breath, free hand reaching out halfway like he wants to touch but doesn't think he's allowed.
As Pepper, Rhodey and Peter crowd around him, Steve keeps to the background. Even with their relationship mostly salvaged, differences set aside and wounds scabbed over with time – it’s not his place anymore. Not here, not in the very end.
The man snorts. “Why, Stark, isn’t that grand? America’s most wanted bun in the oven, but I suppose it was an accident so we’ll just have to give him a pass, won’t we?”
He hopes they know that people will remember them. Not only as sacrifices but as heroes, as people.
"Figured you'd like that," he mumbles, forcing Stark to deepen the bow in his back as he shuffles closer on his knees and leans over him, dragging his cock along the omega’s cleft, more slick easing the way at the things the action insinuates will happen.
He shook his head, mouth turned down at the edges.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat and he subconsciously leaned closer, briefly taking note of everyone else doing the same, hanging on every word.
was him emphatic response before he could come up with a better one. He backtracked when she looked up at him, hurt, followed by bitter resignation, flashing across her face. “No, wait, I didn’t mean that. I mean
She’d rolled her eyes and sent him a video of kittens.
Laura stared at her, hazel eyes a little wider and her lips parted slightly, as if seeing Toni for the first time, as if something had finally clicked in her brain.
“What?”
She smiled tiredly as Rhodey came and stood beside her three hours later. Shuri was asleep in a chair by Kamala’s bed and Hope had left for a shower, dragging her feet.
