"A part of both of us is buried down there," John said quietly. "My wife, your friend. My child, your name. Our hope. Our future."
"John's never lied to me," Sherlock said softly, taking two exam gloves out of the box Molly held out to him and putting them on.
Mary had asked him not to involve John. He'd stuck to that up to now. But he didn't feel good about it. John was his friend. His only and best friend. John was a soldier and his comrade-in-arms when it came to chasing down criminals. But he was also a husband. Husband to Mary, who had just given birth and against whom he might need to direct his investigation. John was also a father. The innocent bundle. Sherlock could have used John at his side, now more than ever, for this difficult case that involved both of them so directly. He wanted to be honest with him, lay all his cards on the table. He wanted to debate the points with him, follow up on leads. He hadn't actually promised Mary anything. Should he talk to John after all?
John was on his third whisky. He'd fled from Baker Street after Sherlock had turned feebly away, picked up his laptop without any further ado and resumed working. As if nothing had happened. As if he hadn't heard the words. As if he hadn't understood what John had said. As if he hadn't comprehended that it was a declaration of love. Yet another one that he didn't react to.
I disrobe, draping my clothes over a branch. The waistcoat I have carried with me. My shoes and stockings. The heavy trousers which stick to me, the damp shirt, the drawers. There are pebbles under my feet as I slowly enter the water, scoop the cool wetness up in my hands to pour it over my hot body. The pond deepens abruptly. I dive in. Dive under. Resurface. Glance back at the two trees. John is not here yet. I wait for him. My body refuses to be cooled. The tug in my groin does not desist. It worsens when I think of him coming.
Sherlock lifted his hand and touched John's hand where it rested on the pillow, brushed his fingertips across the tendons on the back of his hand. A spontaneous impulse, no hidden intentions. Yearning for the warmth of the night.
John stood under the shower that Sherlock turned on for him. He drank the tea that Sherlock put in front of him, along with the whiskey with the sleeping aid. He let everything simply happen to him. He lay down in Sherlock's unmade bed without protest when exhaustion overcame him. Sherlock sat next to him until he'd fallen asleep. Then he showered, with difficulty, making sure not to get the bandage wet. His arm hurt. He got dressed in fresh clothes, gave Mrs Hudson the assignment of keeping an eye on John and went to the Yard.
Lestrade made a dismissive gesture. "Not so loud. And please don't ask, just hurry. We have twelve times ten seconds starting -- now!"
We continue to sit there without speaking. Watson eats some of his bread and cheese, preoccupied. I drink the tea, then take two or three spoonfuls of the porridge Watson optimistically nudges in my direction.
John knew what Sherlock wanted and needed. And he knew what he wanted himself. The deep, tender kiss ignited their passion, fast and hard. They let it roll over them and sweep them along. Sherlock tore the blankets away from them, breathless. John dug his fingers into the cloth as Sherlock brought him to the brink of climax with his mouth and tongue, then entered him, both careful and impatient, and they collapsed against each other after just a few thrusts.
"It must have been in one of these. On paper, not online. There's an index for each. Otherwise we're going to have to go through them one by one. I think the word 'Chaeronea' was in the title."
"How should I know? You've found someone else, I get on your nerves, you don't love me anymore, you want to be free, some relationship issue or other. You're meeting up with Sholto soon, you'll be seen with him. That would be the perfect opportunity. Think of something. You're moving out. Find a bedsit or something."
"You and I are going to get those candles too. And we're not going to let them out of our sight. We'll see who's interested in them."
"No. 'According to representatives of New Scotland Yard, the diamonds resurfaced in the course of investigation into the two suicides by priests on Oriah Avenue. The gems were positively identified and returned to the Royal Jewel House. Their value is estimated at 120 million pounds.'"
"Yeah. He received his calling late in life and hasn't quite found his footing in life as a clergyman," John said, in accordance with the instructions he'd received from Sherlock. "He gave me a place to live and took me in when I came back injured from the front."
"No, I do. It's lovely," John said, looking into the water-coloured eyes as a shadow flickered through them.
It's warm and cosy in our flat. Not just because of Rosie. John and I are both aware of it, but we tend to attribute it to the baby. It's easier that way.
A security man walked them out to a sunny terrace. Sherlock stood there blinded for a moment when they left behind the artificial lights and the air-conditioned coolness of the inside rooms. Bright sunlight and summer heat rose up to meet them. The small stone-paved balcony was surrounded by a low wall. Behind it, the coast dropped off steeply into the ocean. A stone bench was built into the rough-hewn wall of the building which bordered the rear part of the terrace and provided shade. The security man gestured to it, and John and Sherlock sat in the shadow of the wall. Sherlock leaned against the rough, sun-warmed stone at his back, seeking contact with John beside him. John was his anchor to reality. Everything else was numb. Empty.
"There was no investigation going on in the Rosenfeld Centre. Lestrade was working the Lowe case. The trail led to the gay scene and didn't have anything to do with Rosenfeld. Lestrade didn't need me. The whole undercover thing was fake."
The moment of surprise passed quickly, and then Sherlock was inundated with tenderness, hot and unfamiliar. It suffused him, filled him up, stole his breath away. John had touched that core from the other side. They both fell silent, stunned and weary from the intimacy of the conversation. Moved by the result. Pounding hearts. Relief. Sherlock listened to John breathing. He was so close that the air seemed to brush Sherlock's ear. John's heart was beating to him through the silence. Fictional fingers stroked his hand, beseeching.
"Lots of encounters," he said, staring once again at the base of his glass, his fingertips. "During cases, in valleys, usually dismal and dreary. A distribution pattern. Points of light. People. Some trivial, some more important, some linked to hope. Episodes. A few constants. Mrs Hudson." A smile passed fleetingly across Sherlock's face. "Greg. The people from the Yard. You."
John dug out a pen, and the woman wrote a new address on the back of his paper, tapping it with her finger. John thanked her but went up to the fourth floor anyway and checked the labels on the doors. One of them matched. John knocked and rang the bell. Nothing. He tried the doorknob. The flat was locked.
Where was Sherlock? Damn it! John's nerves were on edge. He needed to get out. He needed to break it off: everything. His mission here, life at the club, Martin, everything. He needed to go back to London, to Sherlock, needed to forget Martin, to cut him out of his life. And he needed to approach Sherlock. Needed to clarify things between them. Lay all his cards on the table. No matter what happened. He was lying to himself. Martin was right. It was either Sherlock or it would be some other man later on. But things couldn't continue like this. He was playing at the edge of a cliff he hadn't thought was there. John felt panic rise in him. Abort. The decision became even more firm. He needed to get out of here. Now!
"Forensics are already done with it," Lestrade answered. "But if I know you, you won't care about that."
"Those dreary valleys are still there for the cases, but since you arrived, the weather is different," he said softly. "The sun shines. The landscape is more benign. It's brighter. And warmer. Lots of..." Sherlock paused for a moment, took a deep breath, seemed to be searching for the right words. "Lots of surprises. Unexpected things. Unexpectedly lovely moments. Unexpectedly painful ones too. Passageways to the childhood meadows. That surprised me. Games, maybe, cheerfulness. But precipices as well."
"Let's end this relationship, Sherlock," John went on, his voice nothing more than a miserable whisper.
The birds gather on the overhead power lines, preparing for their journey south. A string of black pearls, barely visible through the fog that blankets the land. A damp, heavy veil. The melancholy of mortality. Summer is over. An astonishing regularity in the intervals between the birds. Like dewdrops dangling from a spider web at dawn. So even. A secret law at the root of creation. The birds unmoving. Waiting. No one knows what for. They launch into flight eventually, no warning, the trigger cutting a swath through the territory. Sweeping them all along with it. The power of a mysterious order. Order. A black swarm.
He took off hat and gloves, opened his coat and started to break up some kindling and lay fresh wood on top of the old ashes. He wadded up some paper which he tore out of the Times and lit the fire. He waited until the flames lashed greedily at the wood before standing up and looking at me. His face was a pale mask. His eyes flickered in the unsteady light of the fire.
John didn't open his eyes, but ended the kiss, nestling his face against Sherlock's temple. It had been so long, so long since they'd made love. He wanted it so badly. His body was warm and ready. John let Sherlock take his hand and gently pull it towards him, press it lightly on the spot where the hardness of his erection could be felt. John let his hand rest there. Sherlock's fingertips stroked across it. They would be home soon.
The generalisation irritated Sherlock, but he promptly dismissed it. He was glad Lestrade had contacted his brother. After all, it was his own fault: he'd rejected the call.
The porter gave him a friendly wave when he returned his guest badge ten minutes later and left the MDA-Oxfordshire campus.
Someone knocked at the door, said something in Russian. John stood up, supporting himself on the wall. He flushed, took a moment to collect himself, then left the room. The man in front of the door grumbled as John went past him.
"I think I'd better introduce myself first so you know what you're getting into," he said. His smile released a bouquet of tiny lines at the corner of his eyes.
It was gloomy in the house. It smelled stuffy in the club room now, with no one there and not having been aired out; like alcohol, paper, and men. John went into the club directors' office, opened the drawer where the ledger with the list of members was, and took out the heavy, leather-bound book. He went through it, looking for the pages from fifty-two years ago, for Callum's name. It was easy to find, one of the few that wasn't marked with a cross. Callum had joined the club young, younger than most. At an age when most people were still in school, he had already graduated. Doctor of Pharmacology. At twenty-six. Unusual. He must have turned heads back then, at the club. He had doubtless been a good-looking, highly intelligent young man.
"We practically caught him red-handed, took the murder weapon right out of his hands. He's not going to get his neck out of this one."
"If you'd come clean to your partner, he wouldn't have run after you like a chicken with its head cut off and shaken everything up."
John carefully turned his head and looked over at Sherlock, who lay beside him in the dimly lit chapel. He was on his stomach, his head on his arms with his face buried in them, just like all of the priests here in the nightly circle. The only difference was that Sherlock wasn't wearing a cassock. He was stretched out on the floor in his black suit.
Ethan's enormous living room looked like a library. Books everywhere. Floor-to-ceiling shelves lining the walls. There were even books on the little coffee table by the TV chair, as well as on the floor. A half-empty teacup stood next to the television remote. The surface of the large, vintage writing desk in one corner of the room was utter chaos. Papers, open books, writing utensils. Somewhere in the midst a computer monitor.
Then he said softly, "You know my family. My parents, my brother. We work together, John. We've lived together. No one else in the world knows me better than you. We live on the edge, yes, but we both look down into it and know what's there."
Sherlock had finished his meditative ramblings on the violin and was now playing a Corelli sonata, softly, in order not to disturb John while he read.
Yes, he'd considered it. There was a hiding place in the flat. One that John didn't know about. A secret from a dark time. A time without John. Without structure. Without connections. Without a counterpart. Morphine. Tuning out. Forgetting. Drifting away. Another world. Another place. Dozing. Killing time. Empty time.
Sherlock hesitated before joining them at the table. He brought his coffee cup to his mouth with both hands and took a sip. Although he was making an effort, it was clearly visible how unsteady his motions were. Celine watched him closely.
"I'm sorry, John. I'm not at liberty to divulge any information on that point," Mycroft replied, just as neutrally.
After tuning it, he warmed up with the theme, improvised around it. There was no passion. Useless. He couldn't think of anything. Nothing other than the harmless lull of satisfaction. Three-quarter time. Awful. The only way to bear it was with lots of chatter and ornamentation. Banal.
Mycroft said, "YOU brought it to my attention that Irene might be the one offering up the ISS data. I had her put under surveillance for your sake. And YOU'RE the one who took off for Yakutsk as soon as it became clear it was her."
"Of course. First a shower and fresh clothes. We also have the car the kidnappers escaped in, by the way."
"Sherlock, I'm responsible for you. It'll cost me my job if you don't spend the night at the Centre."
"I was in the church for compline," John explained, in order to break through the silence between them. "It was very interesting."
"A conversation about Rosie Watson's abduction. An exchange of ideas. Possible motives, possible culprits. Clues. I need your help with thinking and deducing."
"Do you see any way of getting into contact with this brotherhood, if it does still exist?" John asked.
"And yet he's perpetuating a deceit. Perhaps not explicitly, but actively and with full awareness of what it is."
He loved John. But Victor wasn't stepping down from that innermost spot. The spot that belonged to the one person Sherlock loved the most. His one true love.
They stood there until it was dark and the lamps came on in the park. The wind blew a few drops of precipitation along with it, tossing them into their faces as they walked back to the path. John had reached toward Sherlock as they turned to go. A spontaneous gesture, neither planned nor considered. An impromptu impulse. Sherlock had taken his hand. John was startled. A hard, warm hand firmly wrapped around his. John couldn't believe his senses for a long, dizzying moment. Sherlock was holding his hand.
A surprised 'mpff' came from the other end, followed by several seconds of silence. Then Sherlock said, clearly irritated, "Am I included in that?"
Sherlock held out his hand to John, ran it down John's arm, seeking, cool fingertips gliding over John's hand, brushing the back of it, feeling their way into the dips between his fingers. So tenderly inquisitive and at the same time so provocatively intimate that it took John's breath away. He examined Sherlock's slim hand caressing his, exploring, invading, conquering it, gentle and cautious. Demanding. He let it happen, felt Sherlock's arousal along with his own. Heart pounding. Quick breaths. For several long moments, he wasn't sure whether this was real. Sherlock approaching him, seeking him out, touching him. Touching him with clear intent. Their eyes met, caught and held. Sherlock's lips were parted. He was ready. He was open. Waiting for John.
"Inspector!" The door to the conference room was flung open and an excited officer stuck his head in. "We've got a hot line on the ritual murders. It's critical! Quick, come on!"
I must confess, I feel sorry for the woman and her weakness. And yet I redouble quite sternly, "Why, then, did you not marry him four and a half years ago?"
Watson has found several letters in a box under the bed, and opens them. I place my hand on his back and look over his shoulder as we both read. Correspondence with her sister in Birmingham. Trivialities of everyday life. At least at first glance.
"Be careful," John whispered, and Sherlock nodded against his neck. "It will hurt," John went on. "Not everything in there about you is flattering. You do realise that?"
The blanket was pulled up and tucked in around him. Underneath it there was heat, the smell of his friend, a warm body snuggling up to his, arms encircling him. Breath on his throat, at the nape of his neck, hot and thick with sleep, that irresistible trust, the comfort of the night, complete relaxation. John closed his eyes, somewhat taken aback at Sherlock's behaviour, surprised at how safe he felt in his friend's arms, in the musky-familiar emanations of their togetherness.
"Sure. Lucifer's Gardens is only open to men with an academic background, and friendship – of every kind, including romantic – is a central theme. The club is explicitly open to any and every kind of relationship between men, both allowing and encouraging them. It's all about male culture. The perception of male values and male identity. You'll find the entire range of male relationships at the club, from bitter rivalries to classically defined friendships, sexual affairs to platonic love and life-long soulmates."
"Here's the sequence of events and the order of service. You should familiarise yourselves with them." Gerome handed John a piece of paper. "You'll enter wearing the alb and cincture with the golden stole. Nothing underneath. You can change in the sacristy. You know your way around the church by now."
Sherlock had responded with the pressure of his hand. Such unprecedented intimacy. The flow of heat and energy, his pulse palpable, the slightest movement by either of them tangible, a channel of sensual communication, wide open. They'd both let it happen. He'd stretched out his fingers after a while, his heart racing, nestled the palm of his hand against John's, touched the tips of John's fingers with his own, felt the excitement immediately jumping from one to the other. He'd seen it in John's eyes and known John could see it in his. An unbelievable feeling of happiness.
to Copernicus. John shook his head, distraught, and buried his face in his hands. Sherlock, who had sensed the movement behind him, turned around and looked at his friend with concern. He couldn't let him think too much, couldn't let him go under.
"Michael would talk to his partner. They frequently had long, distressing conversations. Including here, in my flat. I tried to moderate between them. They were trying to find a way out of their situation."
Sherlock lay stretched out. Everything in him was throbbing, his pulse pounding in his ears, making him dizzy.
Ethan started searching right away. John and Sherlock both reached for copies as well. It only took about fifteen minutes before they had found the report. It was quite short. Just a brief news item, really: some sort of lodge had been broken up in London, a secret brotherhood that referenced Chaeronea and the
"I don't know if he will. I'll talk to him. I just wanted to put out some feelers, get to know the brotherhood before we decide how our life together should continue. Whether we should set aside our vocations. Ethan Tierney made me aware that there are other options than living in sin."
Quite a lot of time passed. At least it felt that way to him. Sherlock no longer had any sense of time, didn't know how long he'd sobbed to himself in the muffled twilight. Someone handed him something soft and dry. A handful of tissues. Sherlock wiped his face with them. He was still shaking. Ella stood in front of him, watching him intently. She plucked a few more tissues from the box in her hand and passed them to Sherlock. She'd opened the window. Air cooled by that morning's summer rain flowed into the room. Sherlock inhaled it gratefully. He slowly returned to himself. To the chair in Ella's office. Ella handed him a glass of cold water. He drank it greedily. It refreshed him in an unexpectedly comprehensive way.
The rain-cleansed air streaming into the flat through the open window made him nervous. It smelt of the world outside, like countryside, weather and adventure. Like new, unknown things; like surprises. It smelt like John when he came back from the shops or from work, burst cheerfully into the flat bringing with him a wave of foreign freshness in his hair, in his clothes, on his skin. John. Two more days.
"There are two of us and four of them, Inspector," I reply. "And with what would you cart them off? We have no vehicle. In any event, it would be best if we had proof."
John's voice was low but hard. He paced restlessly back and forth in front of the kitchen table. They'd driven back to John and Mary's place. Sherlock had taken Mary's laptop from the hospital, grabbing it quickly from the drawer in the nightstand. He'd logged into Mary's email and was now poking around in her files.
Ethan had always prayed in Latin. When he was younger, he'd liked being different than the others. Praying differently. In the ancient, spiritual tongue, making prayer seem significant, like a magic spell. It had been cool.
John sat on one of the chairs in Lestrade's office, drained and pale, watching as Sherlock pinned a note with the initials
Rain was pouring from the sky. The night was filled with the high-toned hissing of the falling drops. In the background the thunder of the Reichenbach. John walked quickly through the water. Rain slapped his face, cooling it. Cooling the pain in his chest, the fear. The cold night air clarified his thoughts. Before he even reached the bottom of the Reichenbach Falls, he knew Mycroft was right. It would be light in a little less than six hours. They could search more effectively then. There was nothing he could do now other than endanger himself. He was exhausted from the hike to the Dossen lodge. The best thing he could do was sleep and eat and make sure he was fit in the morning.
"You should contact your ex, John. You're fooling yourself. Fix things. You're going to make yourself sick otherwise."
The first guests arrived in the late afternoon that Saturday, a couple of women from the village with their children. They brought hot coals in a metal bucket, which they placed in the fireplace to bring the village fire into the house. They smoked out the house with sage and drew a small infinity symbol on one of the wooden door posts with chalk. Sherlock and John were told it was a local custom.
John's heart contracted painfully. "No," he replied. "The priests' partners are kept secret. You know that."
The waters are dark and deep. I fall. I let myself fall. I sink and sink and sink. I'm drowning. I let myself drown. The waters are dark and deep. Much darker and deeper than I think I shall ever comprehend.
"It's not a problem. Phil is back. And the way you look, you shouldn't be seen in public anyway." Sherlock tried to smile. It came out sad.
John flinched back. Then he swept away the flash of emotion. He'd fallen for Sherlock's tricks often enough. It was always the same ploy for sympathy.
John changed at the hospital, put on standard doctor's garb. Then he sought refuge in an empty staff lounge and called the Rosenfeld Centre. Surprisingly, he wasn't turned away. Instead, after answering a couple of questions to confirm his identity, he was put through to the doctor who was treating Sherlock. Dr Melicia Kenny.
Mycroft looked from one to the other. "What have I nothing to do with? Can someone please explain what is going on here?"
"If you'd said something to me, I could have kept an eye on her, don't you see? I would have been more alert and might have been able to prevent it. But I was just sitting at home, clueless, when the two of them were abducted. And you were in Oxfordshire."
One more night. The man outside the door had handed them airplane tickets to London and let them know by text that a taxi had been arranged. They were completely at the mercy of others. John was angry about that, even if he understood that the protection was necessary. Sherlock was still too weak to act. But Sherlock was just one of the things he was worried about. The other one was Sergej. John was determined to use any means at his disposal to ensure that the young man wasn't punished for what he'd done.
John let his hand sink. It slid away from Sherlock's back. "Mary accepted who I'd become because of you," John went on. "A man who loves a man who would never be able to fulfill his desires. She knew it before I'd even understood it myself. I clung to her so I wouldn't have to see it. Your sister tore me out of that illusion. She showed me that it wasn't about Mary. That it had never been about Mary. One smile from a Holmes and I was lost."
"My inheritance will cover the down payment, the bank will accept 221B Baker Street as security and give us a mortgage for the rest. We'll also need a little money to get us set up."
Calum fell silent, appeared to be thinking. He sat on the hard chair in the interrogation room, his hands on the table in front of him. He looked calm and collected.
"We've overlooked something," Sherlock said. "But what? It must be something simple, something obvious. Something that's obscured, invisible in its implicitness."
"I don't have the authority. You killed a man with your bare hands, John. And you injured two police officers."
The adventure hadn't begun yet. Not even this incredible intimacy between them, this complete mutual surrender, was what bound them to each other. Sherlock shivered. John placed his hand on Sherlock's cheek.
Long silence. Sherlock tried to order his thoughts, to parse the meaning of what John had said. The sense of relief was cooler than he'd expected. The hard casing of a large fruit opening like heavy petals, revealing the core, that long-desired object. It looked different than he'd expected. It wasn't clear whether it was edible, whether it tasted sweet or bitter, whether it was poisonous or nourishing. Sherlock reached out for it, felt warmth and moisture, let himself be guided by what the contact set off in him, what lay open to him now, what was obvious, the truth. Heat flowed into his body, into his voice.
. John clicked on both of them, but both the list of authors and the list of entries brought up a login pop-up. He also got the login pop-up when he entered
** Liturgy = Sequence of ritual ceremonies in a worship service. Since the Second Vatican Council in 1963, it is officially allowed to celebrate Mass in the local language. However, the Latin liturgy continues to be used throughout the Catholic church.
"And your contact with the Celtic Circle and the tip with Burnham Beeches was worth its weight in gold, Sherlock. Thanks!"
"Out of necessity," Rose pointed out. "Without Ferdinand Magnussen decoding it for them, the data are worthless. And without the data, there's nothing for Magnussen to decode."
The coffee did taste better than expected, and Sergej turned out to be quite open. He was in his mid-thirties, worked in Korolyov as an engineer on the Nauka module – the multipurpose laboratory module – for the ISS space station, and was in Yakutsk for a few days to say good-bye to his mother, he explained. Mostly, though, he was interested in his father and clearly hoped to get just as much information from John as vice versa.
John gaped at Sherlock in shock. His suggestion was so monstrous that John couldn't believe he was serious.
John was sitting on the toilet lid, wearing his dressing gown, his feet bare. He was hunched over, his elbows on his knees, both hands covering his face. He didn't look up when Sherlock turned on the light in the windowless room and the automatic fan came on. There was no need for gestures or explanations. Sherlock saw it right away. The wetness, the glistening tracks running out of the cracks between his fingers over the backs of his hands, dampening his lower arms and seeping into his rolled-up sleeves. John was crying. Sherlock hesitated, thought about leaving him alone, turning off the light again, giving him some space. But then he decided against it. He went to John, crouched down in front of him.
"It is what it is," Sherlock said. He was willing to accept his sister's declarations. He was willing to come clean, if that's what it took to find Rosie. He was willing to pay any price.
Sherlock concentrated on his penis, on the head rubbing between John's thighs, bumping against John's testicles. He concentrated on what he was doing, what he wanted to do. He imagined himself inside John, in his body, his smell, his voice, his eyes, his warm, powerful hands, his lips, his moans, his surrender, his passion, as he ramped up his own lust with small hip movements. The unheard of freedom of being able to take what he coveted so much drove him mad. When he was certain that he was about to climax, he thrust a few more times between John's thighs, quick and fast. Then deep. John moved in his sleep and Sherlock grabbed a handful of John's hair with one hand, latched onto the back of his neck with his mouth, and came hard, intense, unable to hold back a groan.
"What happened to Michael's candle?" Lestrade asked. "And Stean's? He must have had one too, if I've understood things correctly."
. Facts. Derived from observation and clear-cut classification. Direct perceptions compared with stored data. Deduction. A Holmes for a Watson.
That smug tone. John felt anger and fury welling up in him. These damned Holmeses! He was scared to death for Sherlock and Mycroft kept feeding him one lie after another. Everyone was lying to him. Sherlock too. John was livid.
"No. I was in shock. I sank into some kind of oblivion. I couldn't bring myself to do anything anymore. I..." Magdalena buried her face in her hands. She was crying.
Sherlock ran both hands over his face. It was six in the morning. The day was dawning outside. He hadn't slept at all. He caught himself listening – for a fraction of a second – listening for John's footsteps on the stairs. But he wasn't at Baker Street. And John wasn't here. These old reflexes. When would it stop, when would it finally stop?
"With a key card. Dave always got me one. Dr Kenny has to sign off on it when I leave the grounds. Dave always got her okay. He's a therapist and is allowed to work with patients off-site, he just needs permission from the doctor in charge of treatment."
"I need to go," he whispered. "But we'll see each other again. More than once. Soon. Everything you need to know is here."
"It's... nice," Sherlock whispered haltingly. His heart was beating hard and fast. He was still looking into John's eyes, where embarrassment was starting to show. Sherlock held John's hand firmly, hoping he understood. There was so much he wanted to say. So much. How scared he was of being touched this way. There was so much promise in it, opening up a world they wouldn't be able to shut down again. A world of desire. His deepest desires. His fear of demands he didn't know if he could fulfill. His heartfelt plea for leniency. For time. For patience. For space. For a chance to sort things out and understand them.
A starlit sky over Hyde Park. New moon. The Summer Triangle was clear to see in the heavens. Vega. Deneb. Altair. A mythical trifecta. At the northern portal the five-star W of Cassiopaeia, the guardian of the north. Long-tailed Draco twisted around to glare at Hercules with the green eye of Alwaid and the red eye of Etamin. The fallow ribbon of the Milky Way lay shimmering across the night sky. A silent mass of stars. Cygnus alone flew steadfastly toward the south, wings extended, long neck stretched forth toward freedom beyond the horizon, summer's yearning. Mars loomed large and red in Leo.
It was an extraordinarily respectully formulated question, by Sherlock's standards, and it made John smirk to himself. Sherlock was impressed by this man as well, never mind the fact that he was once again sitting in a markedly casual pose and wore a cool, impassive expression.
"It's no problem," John said, smiling at the woman with his irresistible charm. She looked nonplussed.
Victor was dead. The DNA analysis of the bones had proven it. They belonged to Victor Trevor. Sherlock knew that. Victor was dead. But the little boy in him still sat in front of the gravestone at Musgrave that belonged to nobody, and waited for his friend. Diligently; forever. Unflinching. Unerring in his trust in the other boy's love. Faithful to the death. Just as Victor had been faithful to him. To the death.
"I'm not going to put my extemely fruitful cooperation with you at risk," Sherlock answered, pleased.
When Sherlock got home that evening, John was already there, and they hugged each other joyfully, tender and affectionate. Just for a fraction of a second. Then Sherlock felt his body suddenly fill with fire, and John bit his neck with a gasp.
"Mary had a sealed envelope in amongst her papers that I was supposed to open if anything happened to her. She said there were the addresses of some people in there who should be informed if she died."
He pointed to a piece of paper on the table. Squared paper. Sherlock's handwriting. John reached for the paper and read it.
Several heartbeats passed before John was able to answer. "I don't know if that's a good idea, Sherlock."
The agent was activated and lay in wait as a new inmate inside Holloway. The doctor informed the prison board that she had an urgent matter she needed to attend to, and that a colleague would be covering for her. The security man at the entrance to Holloway had been instructed from on high – Mycroft's doing – to let the temporary physician come and go without review.
Sherlock lifted his head heavily and sighed, as if he were awakening out of the depths of meditative reflection. John noted once more how good his friend was at disseminating.
"You're emotionally compromised. It's interfering with your thinking. And your desire is unfulfilled. That's also getting in your way. It's dragging you down to the dungeon of subconscious fears."
"That priest just now, said his name was Joe. He was wearing heavy shoes. I noticed that," John said.
"My wife died eight months after our wedding," John continued. "She was in the late stages of pregnancy."
"Maybe they believe they're on a mission, or enacting some kind of deluded healing measures. Margret is also a therapist. She works with women in a Christian institution."
They quickly left the gate behind and went down corridors against the stream of passengers hurrying to their flights. One of John's escorts opened a door on the right side of the corridor with his badge. Internal area. Brightly lit hallway. Smell of paper and electronics. Light grey industrial carpeting. Printer, copier, coffee machine, water dispenser. Office after office. They stopped in front of one of them. The man in uniform handed John back his passport.
They smiled at each other. Gerome had interviewed Sherlock before the official part of their meeting, maybe to see how serious they were about being a couple. He'd asked Sherlock whether he was prepared to bind his life completely to John's, with all of the consequences that would bring. Sherlock hadn't hesitated, had simply said 'Yes'. He hadn't turned to look at John until after he'd answered. John had been shocked. Both at Sherlock's unambiguous response and at the feelings it had triggered in him. And at the question itself, which Gerome had then posed to him as well. He had likewise answered 'Yes', but Sherlock must have noticed the cascade of emotions running through him. Conflicting, mixed-up, unsettled, unresolved emotions. This was all fake; it wasn't real. They were acting out a masquerade, both to Gerome and to themselves.
A tree splintering nearby. John pulled Sherlock to cover, pressed him protectively against a tree trunk. A fir tree thundered to the ground, breaking through the crowns of the other trees, tearing twigs, branches, and leaves with it, cutting a swath of destruction through the woods. They huddled together. Sharp needles rained down on them. Something hit his hand, leaving a burning trail.
"No! Don't! Don't eat, Rosie!" Sherlock flung himself forward, reaching out for the child. He stretched his body out across the wet floor as far as he could, just barely touching Rosie's back with the tips of his fingers. It wasn't a very elegant or friendly technique, but it worked. He grasped Rosie's little jumper and tugged it until she fell over backwards, then dragged her across the floor to him. She screamed and protested. But Sherlock had her and didn't let go despite her resistance, not even during the extremely strenuous and painful manoeuvre involved in righting himself again and sitting back against the pillar. Rosie was filthy from head to foot. And obviously extremely displeased.
Celine came out of the cabin, joined the two men at the wooden table again, set out a plate with the nut tart on it. She'd cut it into small, bite-sized pieces.
"Yes, it is," John had responded, surprised at how commonly known the name of the brotherhood seemed to be. It only took a couple of seconds, however, for him to discover how wrong he was, as Gerome had immediately followed up in a stern tone: "Good. Now that that's clear, I would ask that you not mention the name again. We both know what it's about. That will do, and it will stay between us. All right?"
Ethan paused there. He took a deep breath. Then without warning, he suddenly stood up and took a few steps into the living room, then stopped. A tall, strong figure, now bent and turned away. It was deathly silent in the room. Deathly silent.
The sudden realisation of what was happening. A bolt of heat flashed through his entire body. And the knowledge that it was too late. That there was no option to resist. That fate took what it wanted. Now. Tonight. No discussion. No more. The hand in his hair. The night, black as coal. Breath on his lips. The heat of another body. A sound. Lust, no longer repressed. A firestorm. Passion released, unrestrained. Strong. Unfettered. Destructive.
And then a surreal quiet. Their naked bodies clinging to each other, sticking to each other. John more aroused than ever. Damp heat and the smell of Sherlock, sweat, and passion. Breathing. Silence. Sherlock had kissed him before he left. Tempestuous and tender at the same time. Maybe even desperate. Apologetic. Grateful. Distraught. Difficult to say. Sherlock had left hastily, virtually fleeing. John had relieved himself with his own hand into the wetness of Sherlock's release, in a kind of dreamlike fugue after the door had closed behind his friend.
John paused just as Sherlock thought he was going to lose himself completely. Their eyes met, both panting, past the furthest reaches, utterly lost in each other and in what they were doing. John moistened one hand with spit before he reached into Sherlock's curls with his other one and captured him with a long, deep kiss as his wet, gentle fingers caused Sherlock's plump glans to overflow.
I swim a few strokes. Not many. The pond is small. A couple of strokes this way, a couple more in the opposite direction. I try to distract myself, forbid my hand from reaching for my cockstand. The impatience is difficult to master. I will wait for him.
"Okay." John lowered his gaze. A long silence. Then he said, his voice low, "I didn't come here to cast blame on you, Sherlock. I don't want to dig all of that up again. I'd prefer to forget it, in fact. Or at least forgive it. It's just – I'm working on these things with Ella at the moment and..." John broke off. "Sorry. I had a really rough day at work."
Sherlock hooked his arm through John's as they walked across the darkened field to the nearest footpath. He didn't trust himself enough to take John's hand. John wasn't there with him. He was with Eve. With Meredith. With Clark. John had been working A&E that day, five weeks ago, and Sherlock didn't feel it was his place to interfere with those memories.
Sherlock let go of John's hand, dug in his trouser pocket and held the crumpled bit of paper serviette out to John. The writing pressed into the soft paper was just barely legible:
Mycroft made that particular face which expressed quite clearly what he thought of people of ordinary intelligence. "Let's put it this way: it is certainly about you, John. And in this context, that means in all probability it concerns my brother. You must understand why I felt I had no choice but to intervene. Family relations and all that." Mycroft lifted his shoulders in an apologetic gesture.
John hid behind a tree when he saw the clearing. The large fire burning on the field posed a strange contrast to the moon, which flooded the festival grounds with a cold light. John moved a little closer, cautiously, as the leaves under his feet rustled and might give him away. He needed to be careful. He could see people now. They were holding hands around the fire and walking in a circle as they sang. John tried to spot Sherlock, but it was too far away, the light too poor to recognise anyone. A glance at his phone. The coordinates were right. He'd passed them on to Lestrade.
"When I fall," John said quietly, staring out into the distance, "I always fall to you. Over and over again. I know that now. I never would have thought I'd be able to say that to another person. But it's the truth."
"I'll need to be able to reach you in case of an emergency or if I can't make it for some other reason. In other words, you should read the texts on your phone even if they're from me and start with Hi."
Sherlock caught himself sitting there with his mouth hanging open and his heart pounding hard. He sucked air deep into his lungs and exhaled shakily. What was he thinking? Where did those images come from? There was no Victor. He didn't exist any more. He'd died because of Sherlock. Because of his love and his sister's jealousy. They hadn't even had a chance to say good-bye.
John closed his eyes. Took a deep breath. He wanted to ask when, wanted to know what Sherlock had seen, wanted to explain. But before he could say anything, Sherlock had turned and left the room. John leapt up and ran down the corridor after him. Sherlock strode briskly along the dimly lit hallway. A dark figure. Ramrod straight.
"I know." Sherlock was positive. "But this time we have them, John." And to Linda: "Have Peter's partner taken into investigative custody and bring in all the men who work in St Anna's and go to the club. Including Phil Salisbury."
The negotiations lasted four days. No real unified conclusion was reached, but in light of the time factor, everyone was prepared to compromise. There was one common denominator: everyone wanted to shoot down the satellite, keep their own hands clean, and make the entire thing go away. And so they at least arrived at a joint statement: Holloway needed to be cleaned out right away, as quietly as possible and without mention in the media. Further negotiations would follow.
"I haven't got anyone, Holmes," Lestrade said. "That's why I'm coming to you. This undercover investigation could take a long time. We reckon at least two months. I can't do without any of my men that long. And John's perfect, being a doctor and all. The trail leads straight to St Anna's Hospital. John could work there. He'd have the perfect cover."
He has no chance. I know this. And yet I cannot help myself. We rut heedlessly against each other, grab between each other's legs, and it is all over within moments. I do not even free myself from my clothes. John's hands and my hunger suffice, even through the cloth. He spills down my throat less than a minute later.
"They do keep quiet. It's a secret brotherhood. There's nothing anywhere about it. Zero information. Just this symbol and the name,
They stood like that for a long time. Just stood there, wrapped around each other, enjoying the intimacy, the heat, the strong beat of their hearts. Sherlock pressed his face against John's neck, bewitched and beguiled by the smell he'd gone without for so long. He hadn't realised how important it was for him, how much he'd wanted it. John's smell. He couldn't get enough of it, inhaled it with all of his senses. John's presence. The arms holding him firmly, strong and safe. The feeling of being snug and secure. Of being loved. Did he need any more than this? Wasn't this what he'd wanted so desperately? To conquer that awful loneliness, that emptiness, that terrible cold deep inside him. That feeling of being alone, of being exposed and helpless, lost in a deadly wilderness whose signposts he didn't understand. Deserted in his own unbearable inadequacy. Rejected. Abandoned. By everyone. Lonesomeness. And beneath that, this sadness.
Sherlock opened the door. John stood there with a clarinet in his hand, the leather book open on the music stand. Behind it Johann Müller's
They went to Baker Street and sat in the living room, each in his own chair, drank a glass of whiskey and didn't speak. Night fell, and they were still sitting there, staring at nothing, lost. At some point, John got up and went to bed without saying a word.
John took a good look at Sherlock as he sat there slumped on the chair in his room, talking quickly, his voice a monotone. He looked exhausted and pale. His eyes were red. He'd been crying.
John felt in his backpack for the granola bar he'd packed along. It was a good point to take a break, stop for a moment, eat something. There was a steep part still ahead. The ascent to the Hochstollen would demand another 500 metres of him. He was going to do it. Just do it. Climb to the top and then walk along the ridge. He wasn't afraid of heights. There were situations in which he could count on himself. For example, crossing a mountain ridge. Climbing a mountain, proving a physical point. He could measure his strength with precision, portion it out. He was more aware than ever that there were also situations in which he lost control over himself, physically and mentally.
"The police have a list of club members who might have knowledge in that area. Mostly physicians and chemists – both kinds. But of course it would be possible for anyone to do the research."
John tried to feel for Sherlock's injuries in the dark. He tore his undershirt into strips and bound up a deep cut on his upper arm, another one on his leg. One of his shins was broken. John tried to separate a board from the palette. It cracked and splintered when he tugged on it, but the piece of wood sufficed to provide a makeshift splint for Sherlock's broken bone.
They'd believe him. A wounded, traumatised field chaplain taking the first tentative steps back into the safe haven of the civilian church. Seeking a new mission, a new life. He'd be forgiven if he didn't remember every single word of the liturgy. War demanded other priorities.
No time to lose. Celine was gone, but she would return, her plans already changed, measures taken. They had no time to lose now. They'd planned eveything, thought of every eventuality. Weighed up and minimised the dangers. Reason versus heart. They weren't going to risk anything. They both knew what that meant.
John returned at 2 a.m. He bounded up the stairs, opened the door to the living room and announced cheerfully, "It's a boy, three point two kilos, forty-eight centimetres, hale and hearty." He laughed and went over to Sherlock, hugged him quickly but warmly. Sherlock's hand brushed down John's arm as they pulled apart, their eyes met affectionately. Just for a brief moment.
Sherlock went up to the bedroom and got a blanket and pillows while John put the fitted sheet onto the mattress, surprised when he saw his hands shaking. He shook his head at himself. He stood up, added some wood to the fire. Sherlock came back, spread the blanket and pillows over the mattress. Then he just stood there next to the bed.
It was quiet in the living room for several seconds. Sherlock polished the fingerboard of his violin until it was clean. John was upset. He stared at the file on the screen. The low hum of his laptop. The soft swish of the cloth on the wood of the violin. Both of them breathing. And the stillness of the room they'd shared for so long.
The taxi driver's name was Nikita Makarovich Kusnezov, but he proposed that John simply call him 'Nikita'. In return, he called John 'John'. Nikita's English was fairly good, albeit with such a strong accent that John had difficulty understanding him sometimes. He'd studied mining but was working as a taxi driver because he could earn more than way than in his native trade. He knew a lot about Yakutsk, his hometown, and offered to show John the city. John agreed. He was less interested in the city, however, than in the information he could glean from talking to Nikita. Nikita knew an astonishing amount and was up-to-date on all the latest gossip. He also taught John a few words of Russian.
They clambered through the open gorge further back into the valley, stopping somewhere along the way so that Sherlock could say, "Something's coming that we need to discuss, John."
"That plan's been put on ice for the time being. You're staying here. Both of you. We need to find a solution, John. For him. And for you. Plan on two weeks."
John cursed Sherlock for never keeping him informed. Neither on personal topics nor where their work was concerned. What was going on in Meiringen? What was happening with Moriarty? Had this been a holiday at the outset, or had something else been planned all along? Was he just bait for Moriarty? Why hadn't he been told anything? He felt like an idiot dangling from a psychopath's puppet strings. Oh yes, he was angry at Sherlock!
Sherlock mustered all of his concentration. He put his free hand in his hair, got a good grip and yanked. The pain helped. He took a deep breath. Kept his eyes firmly closed and imagined a street, a well-lit, straight street he could walk along, straight on, safe, without staggering, without stumbling, just walk... Now!
The candidate stood up and let the two attendants wrap the ribbon more firmly around his body, tying it in a knot. Let them dress him in a simple white garment.
The fragrance of adventure, John thought in surprise. Sherlock. The fragrance of adventure at his friend's side. And the premonition of love. The thorns of a flower that is willing to endure the pain of being chewed on by caterpillars because it wants to see the butterflies.
Mrs Walton does not eat with us. She serves, then returns to the house. Her husband comes home eventually, we hear them talking. Then the house becomes dark and silent. We are still sitting out in the garden. We do not speak. The stillness of the night carries every word far out into the countryside, as well as through the open windows into the house.
It was almost noon when John woke up. It was light out. Sherlock was sitting in the reading chair with his laptop, hard at work in pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. He looked up when John started to get up.
"Mrs Hudson," Sherlock had begun awkwardly, "admitting to it doesn't mean proclaiming it to the world."
John muttered something in his sleep but didn't wake up. Sherlock tenderly stroked his friend's hot body, his face, his hair. He snuffled at his neck, inhaled dampness and security, relaxation and happiness. He stayed between John's sticky thighs as long as possible, his arm draped over John's hip, nestled in close to him.
John had spent the last few days in mourning. Continued his mourning. It hadn't been difficult. He was filled with grief. Even if it wasn't the same kind of desperation it had been before Sherlock's nocturnal return, the current of heaviness was still deep and painful. John wasn't under no illusions: Sherlock was leaving. Leaving him behind. John didn't need to pretend at his sorrow. He hadn't pretended with Mycroft.
John presumed Gerome was smiling at the expression on his face, which doubtless reflected his discontent.
Mycroft set the bag on the floor next to the chair. He peered thoughtfully into the glass prison where their sister lived. She sat cross-legged on the floor, in her lap a notebook of sheet music that she was apparently memorising. She didn't look up, hadn't so much as reacted to the bright floodlight that had come on when her brothers entered the vestibule.
It was another warm, early summer day. They took a taxi and walked silently through the rows of old graves, all the way to the back where the newer resting places were. They slowed down when they saw the stone. John held fast to Sherlock's arm.
"Are you here, John?" he asked after a while, once John had recovered a bit and moved away from him. "Are you back to yourself? Are you here in the room next to me? Is your mind clear? Answer me."
Those days were nothing but a basic struggle to survive. A basic struggle for mental, emotional, and psychological survival. Just to get through the next hour, the next night, the next day. It was as if John had been turned to stone. His expression was hard, as if carved out of marble. His eyes empty. He functioned like a robot, made tea, drank it, ate some toast, went to sleep.
John set out, feeling his way along the wall then into the room. He was unsteady on his legs and woozy, an aftereffect of his advanced dehydration. He crouched down when he heard breathing directly in front of him. His hand touched a body, and he sank to his knees, sank into Sherlock's arms, which wrapped themselves around him in desperation. A wet face on his neck. Sherlock was sobbing. John held his partner's haggard figure in his arms, shaken by what was happening. He ran a hand through Sherlock's hair; it was wet and sticky. Blood. There was blood on his back too, his arms, his clothes shredded.
Sherlock was unusually reflective that evening. Even if he was undoubtedly pleased about solving the case, there was no trace of the cockiness and exuberance that sometimes overcame him when everything was said and done and the culprits had been taken into custody.
"Three murders and Sherlock Holmes is in the building. Private, right. Pure coincidence," John scoffed.
John nodded soberly. He didn't say anything, just let his fingers brush the back of Sherlock's hand before Sherlock let go of his arm, and John went off to shower.
"A sharp, metallic object," Watson opines. "A hoe or similar agricultural implement. More than likely the cause of death. She has been dead for at least twenty hours, and lay in the cess pit for approximately the same length of time."
Sherlock didn't know whether he'd said the name out loud or whispered it, formed it silently with his lips or only thought it.
John was back in the doctors' lounge, completely immersed in his papers and notes. He didn't think anything of it when a light knock sounded at the wide-open door to the room. He thought it was the orderly. But when he lifted his head, all the air whooshed out of his lungs. He leapt to his feet.
Rosie looks up at me, makes a pleased sound. I hold her, supporting her back as she splashes. The bathwater smells of baby oil.
Sherlock latched onto John's upper lip, intoxicated. John maintained the contact as Sherlock switched to his lower lip, surprisingly enjoying the contrasting emotional sensations. John also maintained the contact when Sherlock released his lower lip without moving away. John carefully ran his tongue along the slit between Sherlock's lips, slipped it in between, seeking, as they slowly parted for him.
John sipped the wine, leaned back against the wooden bench, stretched out his leg. A life without Sherlock. The thought pained him.
John went down with the men from the police through the gloaming forest. He felt numb. The men walked silently, illuminating the steep path at their feet before them with torches. They took John and Mycroft as far as the off-road vehicles they'd driven over the narrow, sloping trails, getting as close as possible to the falls. They accompanied Mycroft to his car, which he'd left at the lower station of the funicular. Mycroft had lodgings in Grindelwald and left without another word, indicating to John with a dismissive gesture that he wanted to be alone.
John saw the hesitation in Sherlock's eyes. Then Martin convulsed, shaken by heavy cramps. His scream of pain no more than a desperate gurgle. He fell unconscious.
"I've communicated on every thinkable level that I have one single, desperate goal: you, John. I can't suddenly claim I don't want you anymore. It would be unrealistic."
"The Yard has taken a man into custody who worked for MDA in Oxfordshire. He programmed the satellite back in the day. There appear to be some discrepancies."
John looked at his naked friend, becoming aware that there was more than just the night. There was also day. Light. Sun. Work. Other people. The daily grind. That the events of the night had an influence on the day as well.
He knew the public Sherlock Holmes but that one didn't give John any information either. Maybe John was nothing more than a pawn in a larger game being played by the Holmes brothers. A satellite of the younger one, monitored by the elder. Not important enough to be included. Right. That was no real foundation. Not for any serious kind of work. Let alone for a friendship or even more.
John closed his suitcase and set it down next to the wardrobe. He'd been working on his preparations all day. It was now late afternoon. A stormy autumn day.
John's muscles tightened. Sherlock could see it happening. His body stiffened. His lovely, curved lips narrowed into a thin line. His hands clenched briefly into fists before relaxing again. He looked away from Sherlock before speaking. "If Mrs Hudson hadn't dragged you out of the flat and into the church, you wouldn't have even come to the christening. You'd forgot about it."
John took a deep breath and lowered his gaze, surprised at the disappointment evident in Sherlock's voice. Then he looked up into his friend's eyes.
Sherlock sat there as if frozen. It took several seconds before he leaned forward, covering his face with both hands. He didn't answer. Time passed in the splotchy pre-dawn darkness. The heater pinged. John waited, watching the figure that sat hunched over in the dark, his face in his hands. Motionless.
Their eyes met. Sherlock smiled cautiously. John smiled back, his eyes black and gleaming in the dusky darkness of the late-night space.
* The Nicene Creed, over and over. Part of the Mass he'd prayed and fought his way through with Sherlock in that darkened chapel. An arduous, backbreaking effort. Word by word, sentence by sentence, statement by statement. The text he'd discussed the most with Sherlock, the one Sherlock had been most critical of, the one he'd had the most doubts about himself. He didn't believe what the confession of faith said. Not the way it was set forth in the liturgy.** Not like that.
Sherlock stared down at the lawn which extended below his hospital window. He sat at the little table by the window, his leg propped up. He had a view of the entire grounds from up here on the fifth floor. Grass. A couple of trees. Benches. A low fountain in the middle. An orderly pushed a patient in a wheelchair along the asphalt path. Sherlock had taken out his laptop which John had brought him, but never got around to opening it.
"No. The leaving was quite fresh when the dog stepped in it. It was warm and not dry yet, so the animals were still here. And it was before the rain. The dog would have left a trail in the softened mud otherwise, and that is not the case. It was running on the dry ground and trampled over the fresh spoor. No question."
They embraced afterwards, intimate and fond, their nude bodies together, entwined. Sighing, kissing, teasing. Sherlock enjoyed the feeling of John's warm hands on his bare back, his hips, his neck. He enjoyed the scent of heated skin and the implicitness with which their legs and their bodies wrapped around each other, relaxed, familiar, as if they had been doing it for years.
Sherlock took a deep, cleansing breath before launching into Variation 2 with a powerful stroke. Suffering. Fear. Paralysis. Screeching. John gasped. Tumult, a wild staccato that was smothered in the curtains. Sherlock retuned the violin.
Sherlock nodded uncertainly. John was standing here, standing right in front of him, and Sherlock didn't know what to say to him. All these things about children were so foreign to him. He was still standing at the window.
Mycroft pulled a face. "You disappoint me, John. That's not my style. You should know that. Quite the opposite. We were just barely able to stop your flight."
John closed his eyes. The answer paralysed him for several long moments. Then he asked the unavoidable question, even though he knew it was the stupidest thing he could say: "Why didn't you ever say anything?"
. Interesting. Unusual password. Did it mean something? Two times two equals seven. It wasn't true. At least from a mathematical standpoint.
"I studied medicine," John went on. "Ethan went to the theological seminary and studied theology. We used to meet up regularly in the beginning. He was probably waiting for me to change my mind after all. But I was fascinated by the world of science and drifted away from all those religious matters. One day we rowed. Reproaches, all these bitter feelings. Feelings we didn't know what to do with. It was something we couldn't come back from. The last time I saw him, he was kneeling in a church, sobbing his heart out. I wanted to comfort him at first, but instead I just walked out and left him there.
Gate 23 was still closed. The screen over the entrance to the boarding area said that flight BA 8764 to London was delayed by twenty minutes. The flight attendant at the gate was on the phone. Two men in ground crew uniforms stood next to her, talking. The passengers had sat down again, distributing themselves amongst the plastic bucket seats screwed to the floor in the waiting area. John decided to remain standing.
"Will you marry me?" Sherlock asked with a hiccup. It wasn't clear whether he was joking around, or in emotional turmoil. "Even though I'm not a priest?"
John thought it best not to let anything show. He coolly returned Lestrade's look, met his sceptical gaze and refrained from reminding Sherlock that the DI's name was Greg.
"Four p.m. I've arranged for a helicopter to bring you to Oxfordshire. The taxi will pick you up at Baker Street in ten minutes. You'll receive a digital file on your way there with all the intelligence we have on the man. Oh, and by the way: Interpol has been called in. The satellite operates internationally, so the Canadian manufacturer insisted."
She hesitates. Just for a moment, pushing the knife which she had laid on the table slightly away from herself with one hand.
"Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the Lord shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels."
I take a deep breath, stretch and press my back against the wall behind me. Watson's hands are snatching my thoughts away to unseemly daydreams, causing the blood to flow into my loins. I cannot look at his hands. I draw the smoke from my pipe deep into my body, let it sweep through my head. I need to purify my thoughts. I need them as clear as crystal now. So many facts in my head. Sharply-angled puzzle pieces being blown about as if by gusty blasts of wind. Continually spinning in a circle. They scrape and scratch me. I cannot stop them, they elude my observation and analysis. It hurts. My head hurts. And it will continue to hurt until the edges of the pieces are lined up and the facts fall into place, creating a picture that explains everything.
Sherlock sank down in his chair a little. He seemed to be thinking about something. It was quiet for a long time. Dr Kenny waited patiently. John closed his eyes. He felt dizzy. He was torn up inside, confused.
"Of course we can. There are two organists who play and practise in the abbey church. They only have one key, though, which they share between them. I know where it hangs."
I sit down, trying not to touch the blood-, fat-, and gore-smeared table. A bloody rabbit head sits directly in front of me, its eye cavities empty and its teeth long and yellow. Dozens of flies evince their interest in the meat. Watson remains standing and looks around.
Sherlock lifted his hand and uncurled it. Two gold rings rested in it. One from Irene, which the undertaker had given him, and his own. John looked at the two rings, disconcerted; they bore testimony to a connection which Sherlock had hidden from him all those years.
John staggered and grabbed onto Sherlock. He didn't approach the child, instead covering his eyes with one hand while the other dug into Sherlock's coat. Then he turned, turned toward Sherlock and sagged against him. Sherlock wrapped his good arm around John and held him tight. John cried on his shoulder, overwhelmed by emotions, by relief, by sentiment, perhaps by grief, by fear. John cried on his shoulder and Sherlock held him tight, held him tucked in close, a tender, comforting embrace. Sherlock blinked away his own tears, flooded with warmth. He stroked John's back, explicitly, unashamed, and pressed his face into John's hair in an uninhibited moment, meeting Mycroft's gaze a moment later.
They didn't speak, he and John. There was nothing to say. Things were good. John smiled when his eyes met Sherlock's, and Sherlock smiled back.
He realised he couldn't have given a more paltry answer. Dr Kenny laughed, but allowed the response.
Mycroft gave him a long look. Then he nodded approvingly. "You're a soldier. I'd forgot that, John."
Sherlock was restless. He needed to let John go without being able to help him. John was in a good mood. He'd taken all the preparations very seriously and was looking forward to finally being able to do something that challenged him.
It was cold and wet, had been raining for days. John came home that evening from his shift at Bart's. His footsteps were tired as he climbed the stairs. Mrs Hudson had left his mail on the second-to-last step before the door to his flat, as usual. John looked through it. The Times, bills, adverts, a card. A postcard, from someone's holidays. John turned it over. It wasn't stamped. Addressed to Dr John Watson. No street, no number, no city. It couldn't have come with the mail, someone must have dropped it into the mailbox by hand. In block letters, no recognisable handwriting.
They'd driven back without speaking, blindfolds, detours. They'd changed to a taxi in front of Mycroft's office and gone back to Baker Street.
"Yes, of course. You're both doing simply brilliantly. Have the two of you ever NOT lied to each other?" Molly's tone of voice left no doubt that she was upset. She uncovered the body with an angry tug.
After that, everything had become a blur of dark and wet. Lightning and crashing thunder. An unbelievable volume of water thrashing down from the sky, whipped up by stormy gusts. A flood of Biblical proportions for him to run through. Run and run. Straight ahead, blind, no sense of direction. Into a forest. And onward. Darkness. The clamour of the storm. The beating of the rain. Wood cracking beneath his feet. His lungs gasping. Wetness. The searing pain in his leg. And Rosie, silently clinging to him. A meadow eventually, spanned by outsized power lines. The pain, crippling him more and more. Then the crumbling building. Refuge and protection from the rain. And the hope that no one had followed them.
"Yes, I went to see Ethan yesterday. Why are you so upset, John? There were a couple of things I needed ask him."
A fine glass blade. The insult unforgotten. Another one added. All of the tiny poison darts. Humiliations he'd inflicted on John. Thorns in his flesh. John added them to the untold horrors, the catastrophes, the hopeless mountain of disappointments and grief.
The next time John woke up, his phone was ringing. It was shortly after eight. The sun had been up for a while and a fresh summer's day seeped through the thick blackout curtains. John reached for the mobile on the nightstand. It wasn't Sherlock. It was Mycroft.
The taxi driver took the crumpled bank note that John held out to him and gave him a handful of other crumpled bank notes in return. John stuffed them into the pocket of his jacket without checking them. No one on the street. The door to 582D was unlocked.
And then everyone else arrived. The O'Rourkes had gone all out. Elsie O'Rourke had baked her famous cherry-almond cake, brought along a beef roast and made apple cider custard. Dr Leo Halsey had decided to accept the invitation and brought his whole family along. His wife brought local mushroom and fish pasties. And of course there was tea, cider, and beer in abundance. Along with an excellent single malt whiskey, which – surprisingly – Mycroft had arranged for. He didn't come in person, but he'd had it delivered. Molly was there, along with Lestrade and Stamford and all of the patients from the village John had taken care of and so generously invited. They all came, with their kith and kin. Everyone brought something to eat: cheese, clotted cream, stewed berries, brick oven bread, venison sausage and homemade schnaps. Everything was tapped, cut open, and promptly devoured. It tasted excellent. The cold buffet in the kitchen became more and more opulent, and it became clear fairly soon that Sussex had never known lean times, and had a grand culinary tradition.
"An old manuscript. From the tenth or eleventh century, I think. It contains fragments of liturgical texts. But you'd have to ask a church historian."
He sat down in the chair, still in his parka, and closed his eyes. There was nothing left. Everything was empty. His heart. His soul. His mind. John retreated all the way into that emptiness and stayed there. It was the only thing he was capable of doing. He was exhausted and confused and felt sick. The pungent, alcoholic flavour of the vodka was still in his mouth, acidifying in his stomach. He felt nauseous and dizzy.
. A list of references to another database. The one belonging to the Canadian secret service, CSIS. Sherlock skimmed it, copied it.
"Is there any indication that the murders have anything to do with the sexual orientation of the victims?" Sherlock asked, although he directed the question to Lestrade.
No reaction. Sherlock rang up again. Several times. Without result. He waited. A long time. Then he lowered himself with his back against the wall, staring out into the night. It had started to rain harder. The projecting roof over the entrance offered him some protection. There was a hole in his chest, a painful, burning hole. John was out of reach. In a deceptive, torturous way. Emotionally out of reach. No. Sherlock had to correct himself. They were well within reach of each other emotionally, but they were too sensitive, too vulnerable. And there was no emotion that formed a closer bond between them more relentlessly than their mutual hurt, their mutual rejection, their mutual pain. He couldn't work like this. He needed John.
"No, Sherlock. You're an incredibly strong, patient brother. Look what Eurus did to you. And yet you care for her with so much love. And you and Mycroft are close, even if you don't want to hear it. You have a family. I don't. I can't even manage to maintain contact with Harry. I cheated on Mary. Now I have Rosie and I'm in over my head. I haven't even really grasped your friendship. Instead of recognising what you were doing, I beat you to a pulp."
"Come," John said softly, and at the same moment felt the surge that shook Sherlock to his core. Heat flooded into him. Sherlock flung his arms around him and bit into his shoulder, bit into him, moaning and gulping. It hurt. John dug his fingers into Sherlock's hair.
John's eyes were on him. He was also upset. His breaths were quick and laboured. Sherlock saw the struggle in his friend's eyes. The thousand thoughts. Doubt. Regret. Weighing up. And then something he recognised but hadn't expected: fear. And at the same time the willingness of a soldier to act decisively. A long, searching look. Then certainty. Decisiveness. And within that: still, fear. John sat up, straightened his back.
They made the bed in front of the stove again for that last night, despite Celine's warning. They knew they were going to sleep together. Sherlock packed the backpack, just the bare necessities, burnt everything that might have given them away, the instructions from Celine, the notes. Clothes they couldn't or didn't want to take with them. They ate together and drank tea. Said what there was left to say. John tightened the leather bracelet around Sherlock's wrist.
But then Halsey had explained, "It's a lovely dream but it's going to stay one. I get by quite well. It spares me any disappointments."
* In the sixth of the seven promises made during the rite of ordination, the prospective priest promises to be united more closely every day to Christ.
The three-and-a-half-room flat looked normal at first glance. Tidy. The usual couch and armchairs in the living room, a television. Nothing unusual. A large bed in the bedroom, covered with a white throw. A set of erotic pictures on the wall. Nudes of men and women. Black and white. Tasteful, John had to admit. He opened the drawer of the nightstand. Handkerchiefs, tissues, lube, vibrator, butt plug, cock ring, several dildos. Ah-ha. That was a yes, then. Toys. Well, that wasn't illegal. John took a picture with his phone anyway. If their suspicions about Dave and Margret should be substantiated in any way, he'd turn the photos over to Lestrade as evidence.
"We don't have anything better than these old clues, Greg," John intervened. "For this current case, we have no weapon, no motive, no useful profile of the killer, no productive leads, no reasonable suspicions. All we have is speculation. We don't know if it was the same person who committed both murders, or even if the two are connected. Just let us try."
A tight, hot, searing fire surged upward in Sherlock's chest, singeing his throat, his eyes, making them overflow. Strong and sudden. A torrent of bottomless grief.
John turned the page. Before Callum, at most ten new members had joined the club per year, nearly all of them biologists and pharmacologists, now and then a physician. Salisbury? Jonathan Salisbury. A relative of Phil Salisbury? His father? Professor of Pharmacology. Cambridge as well. He must have known Callum. Had Callum been his student? He'd joined the club a year before Callum. Why? He must have known about it prior to that, there were several members belonging to the Cambridge elite. Had Jonathan Salisbury recruited Callum? Why? So Callum had shown up here fifty-two years ago. In the year after Callum joined, there were at least fifty new members. Engineers, physicists, philosophers, mathematicians. Something had happened there. An expansion to new disciplines. That was worthy of note and could be a clue. John took a look around. There was a scanner in the office. But he'd need to start the computer first.
Their eyes met. Sherlock's pale eyes were tender and uncertain. John didn't know what to do or say. It was an unexpected admission.
"I printed everything out for you. These are translations of rituals from old manuscripts. I went to see Professor Sheppard. She's an expert in this area and translated a couple of relevant texts for me. It's going to surprise you."
She'd left him John. John, who sat crying in the darkened bathroom. Sherlock lowered himself to the floor beside John's legs. He held onto him, wrapped around John's legs, stared at the little room that served as their bathroom. The open door leading out into the hallway. The fan. A familiar sound. Mary was missing.
The Lena lay spread across the plain, a tangle of waterways, free, unspoilt, a gigantic, untameable system. It was frozen over. A white sheet of ice, covered with a layer of dry, windswept snow. Cargo ships stood in the port basin, frozen in. Nikita drove across the Lena bridge into the nothingness. Land. Ice. Cold. In summer, Nikita said, the Lena was a lifeline, beautiful. John should come in summer, not winter. John stared out at the lifeless, icy irreality.
Sherlock boiled water to make more tea. Strong, black tea. Poured some grenadine syrup into a glass in the meantime (who bought such horrid stuff!), filled it the rest of the way with water, drank half of it (much too sweet!), added more water (better), drank half of it again and refilled it with water (practically nothing but water now, a barely perceptible hint of sweetness in the background and a negligible amount of pink. Perfect!). He ate the glass of pickles he found in the refrigerator and toasted some bread to go with it. More water. And more grenadine syrup. The sweating was decreasing. Good. Sherlock sat on the chair in the kitchen and tried to figure out what had happened to him. Dehydrated. Overstimulated. In love. Not good.
Sherlock turned to Mary. She sat in the bed, the laptop on the nursing pillow. She'd stopped writing. Their eyes met. Sherlock's and Mary's. Serious. And Sherlock realised that she knew of his fear, his fear of what had been and what was coming. She was scared too.
It wasn't a question. He didn't give John any choice. John was sitting in the living room of his flat, staring at nothing, unable to react to anything. He didn't put up a protest. Sherlock went into Mary and John's bedroom. The cot was set up next to their double bed, lovingly prepared for Sophie, who was probably never going to sleep there. Sherlock deleted the thought.
Sherlock didn't say anything. He just stood there. Stood there motionless, staring at the ground in front of him. He raised his head, his gaze crossing John's. Just briefly, an unsteady flicker. Then he turned away again.
John got tiredly to his feet, put on some clothes and joined Sherlock. They walked through Regent's Park, shoulder to shoulder, sticking close together. It was an early summer day. They watched the ducks at the pond, and the children playing with pebbles on the shore. The sun slanted through the leaves of the trees, shining in their oversensitive eyes. They sat down on a bench by the edge of the lake and looked out at the water. The wind made the leaves of the oak tree rustle above them, and the surface of the water crinkle in a fine-lined, symmetrical pattern. The air smelled of summer and approaching heat as it brushed their faces. They leaned against each other where they sat. John had felt his way into the pocket of Sherlock's coat. Their hands were firmly interlaced in the shelter of the cloth.
She returned on Saturday, this time in the morning. She surprised John and Sherlock having one of the boisterous baths they'd taken to indulging in after their nights of passion. She stepped grumpily across the rumpled bed in front of the stove.
John took a deep breath. He closed his eyes, searching for an answer. For the truth. The right words.
The beehives stood protected by the wall of the house. Sherlock had built a narrow shelter for them with room for eight boxes. He'd only put four colonies in to start. The four landing boards were the site of frenzied activity. A few individual bees rested on a fifth one. Sherlock had caught a swarming colony. It was still weak. But the late August weather was sunny and warm, and flowers were in bloom all over, even out on the fields and meadows. The colony had good chances of survival.
"I'm sure about us, John. I've never been more sure of anything." Sherlock spoke softly. It hurt to have to say it. It made him aware of the fact that John had his own life. Made his own decisions. That there were two of them. Two individuals who needed to coordinate. He'd forgot about that during those days of mental insufficiency and emotional confusion, that time of blindness and deafness, when it had been so natural for John to be there, day and night. That was going to change now. They'd return to the daily grind now that the emergency was over.
Those were tense days and nights, during which the doctors ran tests and performed examinations. John and Sherlock didn't leave Sophie alone for a single minute, both ready to step up and protect Sophie if the examinations should prove too stressful. The paediatric cardiologist assigned to the case didn't give them much hope. The specialist brought in by Mycroft came to the same conclusion. Sophie didn't have a chance. John asked them to turn off the machines after ten days. Sophie's heart beat on its own for a few more hours. Sherlock and John were with her when it stopped. They stayed with their dead child until they were explicitly asked to leave.
"Both are. Callum McHattrick is the only one who knows the lethal recipe, but only a handful of initiates know that. Officially, the club only knows of the Chalice made with Lucius Krambold's incomplete recipe. It has strong mind-altering properties, can lead to dizziness and fainting, but it isn't deadly. Callum used it for his rituals when he was Grand Master. It's still used now and then during rituals today to achieve a deeper trance. The spiritual leaders all have access to it. There are instructions on dosages written by Krambold himself."
The storm in Southgate Woods. They'd been in the middle of the forest when it had come upon them unexpectedly. The trees creaked as they bowed to the strong grip of the gusts. Twigs smashed against each other. Leaves swirled through the air. Branches flew down. Trees buckled. Splintering, hissing, breaking, crashing. Ear-splitting noise. The wind forced itself into their airways, making it impossible to speak. The next moment, dust, needles, leaves and bits of wood whirled around them, slapping them in the face, in the neck, blinding them, finding its way into their mouths and noses. They ran, panicking, laughing, giggling. Hands over mouths and noses, a handkerchief, a t-shirt.
"Who are you and what are you doing here?" the man with the gun demanded. He was clearly agitated and nervous.
The dampness of the summer rain still hovered in the old trees. Their leaves were heavy with water, the grass and paths wet. It smelled of moss and the weathered stones on the old graves. They walked silently side by side. Sherlock with his crutches, John right next to him, adjusting his gait to Sherlock's limp. The gravel on the path crunched under the crutches' rubber tips and the soles of their shoes. An overly loud and omnipresent sound in the stillness of the cemetery and the two men's silence. John rested his hand on Sherlock's arm when they arrived at the fork in the path, mutely guiding him. His touch light, very light, yet filled with so much warmth, firmness, and care. Sherlock needed all of it.
Celine smiled. "I don't really care how you eat," she said. "But you'll be moving in high society circles pretty soon. What I want to know is: do you know the rules for how to behave? Or do you need some tutelage?"
"What's the case about?" Sherlock asked, more to distract himself and his brother than out of any real interest.
None of the four gentlemen introduced themselves by name. They sat at a table all the way in the back in the restaurant and waved Watson over. Not unfriendly by any means. John decided to play along.
"Whenever you want to touch me, Sherlock, just go ahead and do it," John said gently. "There isn't anything for you to be afraid of. I won't reject you."
John turned over, turned toward Sherlock's hot, flailing body and pulled him close, firm and tight, pushed into Sherlock's uncoordinated movements, tried to hold on to him. Sherlock arched up in his arms, breathless, curled around him, against him, twisted and turned. John felt Sherlock's rock-hard cock rubbing against his body. Wild, dark hair, dampness, hot breath. An unexpectedly painful bite to his shoulder made John cry out softly.
"I've returned from war, Gerome," John responded cautiously. "I came back traumatised and ill from a world of death and violence. I'm only starting to realise how lucky I am to have found him."
"We're not alone here, Holmes," he whispers, practically panicked. "Go back into the water or cover yourself. They'll be here any moment."
The Waughs' house smells strongly of the herbs that have been burnt in the sitting room to drive away the flies and overpower the stench of decomposition. The priest has appointed the next morning for the burial. It's too hot to leave the body lying in state any longer.
John didn't answer right away. He picked up one of the blankets from the floor, folded it into a narrow strip, and laid it out.
His hand signal and tone of voice made it clear that John didn't have any other option. And so he watched as Jean took everything out of his backpack and spread it across the table: water bottle, rain gear, apple, energy bar, extra socks, tissues, fleece jumper, sun block, compass, pocket knife, three maps.
He was lying. He knew he was going to contact the clinic right away and find a way to get to Sherlock.
Mycroft inhaled sharply. Then he said grudgingly, "A meeting of European arms dealers took place in Ballenberg yesterday. Switzerland and Great Britain have decided to build jet drones together - without involving the rest of Europe. British Aerospace wants to use the deal to prevent a fusion with EADS. The Swiss Pilatus Aircraft Company have invented a functionally silent bi-jet propulsion system. I was there with the representative from British Aerospace to view the prototype. In order to distract EADS, we provided them with plans at the Dossen lodge."
"Yes, I know," Sherlock replied uncertainly. He kept typing, his fingers nervous and unsteady. Muscles played in his face.
, Sherlock thought to himself. Although he wasn't entirely sure. Mrs Hudson's look, the smile, the brief flash in her eyes, seemed ambiguous. You never knew with the old lady.
Oh yes, I was well aware how wrong that was. I stood up and went looking for him. I was a fool. A hopeless fool. I wanted to see him, to smell him. I wanted to hear his voice, to look into his eyes. I was gasping for his attention, to have it turned on me for a moment at least. A meeting. A few words. He was the man who had vanquished everything in me, conquered all, consumed me entirely. My thoughts were with him day and night, even now. I wanted to see him. Even if it might be painful to stand before him, it could not surpass the cruelty of the torment I suffered without him.
Sherlock seemed to have clammed up. They both fell silent, Sherlock and Martin. John stood to the side, confused. He didn't understand what was going on here.
Waugh's tack and that of his wife hang side by side in the stable. I examine them. There are no missing rivets, neither on either of the two saddles nor on the tack. I walk out behind the house again to look at the wooden fence. Black hairs from the mane and tail of the Waughs' two horses hang in the rough beams. But in one spot, there are two or three blond hairs as well. I carefully draw them out of the splinter on which they caught. Another horse was here recently, saddled and bridled. Behind the house, not in front where guests would dismount and tie up their horses. Someone more well acquainted who brought their horse to the others behind the house and left it here, saddled up.
John turned his head. It took a huge effort. It was as if something had blocked his brain, turned it off, placed a barrier between what was happening and what he was able to process. A woman lay in the bed, thin and pale, wrapped in white bandages and sheets. She was hooked up to several lines, her eyes were closed and her respiration was shallow and irregular. John knew just by looking that her chances of survival were less than fifty percent. He also recognised her. It was Irene Adler. It was still possible to see the beauty in her, her even features, despite the dry lips, sallow skin, and sunken face. Her hand lay limply on top of the sheet.
"It was necessary," Sherlock answered. "I want to be free for our new life. Rosie needs a godfather who assumes responsibility. And you need a partner you can count on."
Sherlock wrapped both arms around John in the middle of his sentence, hugging him. He stopped talking, just held his friend in a close, heartfelt embrace.
"Dr John Watson. John's a medical doctor," Lestrade said. "He'll be doing the investigating for us."
"Are we here to discover all these things about each other?" Sherlock asked, right in his ear. "Your past with Ethan. Your knowledge of all these spiritual things. Your familiarity with them. Your depths. The fact that I can't deny you and all the things that are important to you. Even though I was sure I could?"
"I know, darling," her mother said with a sigh. "But you shouldn't just speak to strangers, Amy. They might not want to talk to you, you know."
That had been several days ago. Ever since then, it was like the elephant in the room between them. Unresolved. Even though Sherlock gave every appearance of having simply forgot it, there were signs that wasn't true. Sherlock was more impatient. More sensitive. A tad more aggressive, more removed. He kept his distance. Like a snail whose tentacles have been touched. It withdraws, astonishingly slow and astonishingly thorough. The muscle contracts in a reaction that can't be reversed, retracts the tentacles and the entire body into the shell. Not until everything has been secured, when the retracting muscle has relaxed, not until then does it come out again – maybe. To take fresh stock of the situation.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks in surprise. He came to a full stop right there on the staircase, cutting off the momentum with which he'd been running up the stairs. He stood perfectly still. A flageolet? High and clear. In the flat at 221B Baker Street? Impossible. The next tone – a different one – blown too hard, the onset soft. Then the tone caught hold, swelled briefly before moving on to a delicate pianissimo. And now he could hear that it was a clarinet playing – Sherlock could hardly believe it – the opening notes of the theme of his variations. In a clear, confident tone. Sherlock listened, baffled. The warm sound, sustained by breath. The melody he'd carried with him in his heart for so long, that he'd worked on for so long, that was so closely tied to his emotions, his soul, his most intimate feelings. That oh so familiar melody. And this foreign, timbred, aloof, dark, emotional sound. The clarinet. Mid-register. Astonishing. Confusing. He shivered. Goosepimples spread across his skin. It was coming from upstairs. From John's room.
"Nothing's going to happen, John. The other two victims weren't killed until after they'd been released from the clinic. Nothing will happen while the treatment's in progress."
John took the stairs up. The smell of chlorine and food. He didn't know where this Andrej Igorovich lived, he couldn't read the labels on the doors, where there even was one. He rang at the nearest door. The doorbell didn't work so he knocked. When nothing happened, he called out while knocking harder, "Hello. Is anyone home? Hello!"
"We used to play together. I was in the university orchestra and he was just starting out as a soloist." John laughed.
John opened the weathered wooden box that hung crookedly on the rock next to the idler pulley. 'Press button for transport' it read. A grey electrical box with a green and a red button. Apparently the controls for the cableway. On/off. That was it. John hesitated. Was he really supposed to get into that wooden crate? Right. Did he have a choice?
"Both have criminal records," he said. "Elisabeth Cardigan, incarcerated at Holloway for the past four years. Sentenced for coercion and manslaughter, along with violation of the controlled substances act. And Maggie Sun Lee, in Holloway for the past two years, various burglaries, robbery with use of force and incidental death."
"That doesn't mean anything," Sherlock retorted. To the priest, he said: "Where's the key to this chapel?"
John returns with the towel. I lift the child out of the water and place her in John's arms, over the towel. John wraps it around her. She squeals happily when he lays her down on the changing table and dries her off. I go over to him. I intend to place a hand on his shoulder, but instead find my arm around him. My chin fits perfectly on his shoulder, my temple pressed against his. My heart pounds against his back. I can feel him breathing. He pauses. Rosie kicks at the towel. His hand settles over mine. I close my eyes. His body relaxes back into mine. I feel his weight and his strength and his heat. His thoughts, his attentiveness. All of him. Rosie is babbling. John lets go of me, turns back to the baby. His body moves against mine. I give him space. But I stay there.
We bathed at this spot before, a year ago, when we were yet friends. No more than friends. A shallow ingress to the water between two willow trees. I lean against one of them and peer out at the surface of the water, upon which the surroundings are reflected. It is completely still. Water striders are the only thing rushing across the surface, and gnats dance in the sunlight that has found its way through the willows' foliage.
," John began the recitation. "Lord have mercy. Christ have mercy. Lord have mercy." And when Sherlock didn't say anything: "Come on, pray with me, Sherlock."
A good hour went by. Nothing happened. The people ate, drank, and talked. The fire got smaller and smaller. Some of the people started to leave, came down the footpath with torches. John moved a couple of trees further away to stay hidden.
An unexpected question. It was a bit more than John could handle at the moment. He closed his eyes and thought about it. The spontaneous 'No' that had been on the tip of his tongue wasn't the whole truth. There was more to it. Old emotions. A fallow field, stirred up by a vague sense of happiness. A longing for peace. For an ordered, meaningful life at the nexus of what was most important.
"I never slept with Janine. I've never slept with any woman," Sherlock confessed softly. And felt John's hand squeeze his firmly, affectionately.
"About an hour later. They would have had to gather the animals from the meadow and then drive them to the farm where the shearing was being done."
The whole thing was so monstrous that it felt as if he were in a daze. He'd given up any attempt at resistance, wanted noting more than to know and understand. To understand Sherlock.
Sherlock turned around and went back. John stood there holding Rosie and watching him. Sherlock went over and stopped in front of him. John looked sombre. Sherlock gazed intently into the grey depths of his eyes.
"I'm afraid that IS the point," Mycroft said, his voice laced with concern. And a couple of heartbeats later: "When was the last time you saw Sherlock?"
Sherlock was the first to disengage from the paralysis. He turned away, went to the violin case that lay on the coffee table, loosened the bow and fixed it in the holder intended for it in the lid. He took the cloth out of the case and started to clean his instrument, slowly and with care. His hands were shaking. He was still wearing his ring, as was John.
"I'm not saying that. You simply need to have your partnership recognised legally so I can bequeath the house to you. Everything else is your business. Although I'd be delighted by a real wedding. It would be so romantic! If I could live to see that..."
After three hours of discussion, during which Sherlock had posed an awful lot of questions regarding the organisation, membership, and confidentiality – and John had tried to cover at least the basics on the spiritual end of things – Gerome had promised to set up a ritual for them. And he'd saddled them with a bunch of exercises to work on.
"I want to sleep with you, John." A hot, muffled sob on John's neck. A shiver that ran through the angular body.
If Victor were still alive, if they had grown to adulthood together, would they still be best bosom buddies? Would Victor have brought him the laptop instead of John? What would Victor look like? He would have a family. Sherlock was certain of that. His open, friendly personality would have attracted women, and he would have chosen one and had children with her. Victor would have included Sherlock in his family. Sherlock would have been his best man, and the godfather of his first child. He would have liked Victor's wife, and would have been invited over on Sundays, to the garden of their little house, to dinner and family festivities. Victor would have hugged him when they got together and smiled at him with his pale, cheerful eyes, an eternal connection throughout all times.
A brief flare of uncertainty in Sherlock's face. He didn't say anything, kept his eyes fixed on John's. John knew they were open, wide open, that he was revealing everything. When Sherlock spoke, it was no more than a halting whisper:
"I'm pretty sure that's exactly what I'm doing," John rumbled into the humid warmth. "Even if it's in a terribly roundabout way."
The alpine lake sprawled across the mountain valley. An unbroken plane in the midst of scruffy green and rock. The blue of the sky reflected in its smooth surface. It was still. Not a soul to be seen. The only signs of life were a water pipit pecking at the pebbles on the shore, looking for something to eat, and far up on the rough cliff face a couple of jackdaws frolicking in the updraft.
Sherlock set his laptop aside. He leaned back on the couch and closed his eyes. Outside him everything was still. Inside everything in an uproar. John's footsteps, coming down the stairs. Slow, weighty. Maybe hesitant. Footfalls through the living room to the couch. John sat down beside him. He sat sideways to the cushions, leaned his entire weight against the back of the couch, drew both legs up, turned toward Sherlock, his body's centre of gravity precisely over the extension of his spine. Relaxation position. Deep breath. Sherlock turned his head to John, opened his eyes. John exuded warmth. He was calm. A notebook in his hands. Bound, the way he liked. Worn from use. John held it in both hands.
"Not if you want proof. Without proof, you may be able to arrest the suspect, but you'll end up in court with nothing but circumstantial evidence and they'll win," Sherlock said.
Neither of them spoke. John had actually wanted to talk. Had wanted to ask his friend what he was afraid of. But it was as if the pungent dusk had laid a cloak over their silent partnership, a warm cocoon of comfort around the two of them. John felt Sherlock's presence more strongly than ever. A strong connection they both willingly entered into, that buoyed and protected them. Sherlock's breath, his body heat, his attention so omnipresent that John didn't need words. He took Sherlock's arm and held it tight, leaned against the other man's body and felt the counterpressure. He didn't say anything, surrendered to the feelings working their way through and warming him. The knowledge that Sherlock was there. Security. Maybe even happiness.
Sherlock cleaned his violin and bow, stowed both in the case, and put it away. Then he unpacked the plastic bag, setting out the serviettes and plastic cutlery alongside the polystyrene containers. John had brought green curry with chicken and vegetables for him. Fried rice with beef for himself. Just like back on Baker Street. Was that feeling flowing through him happiness? Was it happiness to have someone who knew exactly what you wanted? Who thought nothing of making decisions on your behalf and bringing the right thing? Was that happiness, and he was just now realising it? Had he simply not noticed it all that time on Baker Street?
He smells very faintly of the tincture of sage he adds to the rinsing-water he uses when shaving. But he mostly smells of John, and his scent combines with the fragrance of the stationery, the warm aroma of the wood, and the intimate perfume of the stranger's bed to create an incredibly captivating ambrosia. I inhale deeply at his neck, absorbing the smell, close my eyes miserably. My nose has taken up John's scent. My mind stutters. My brain stalls. My prick reacts. John turns to me. As he does, my hand runs up his back to his nape. I hold him fast, not yielding, and he turns in my arms. His body brushes mine, and the heat shoots straight into my loins. We closed the door to the chamber behind us, shutting out the smoke and the noise of the crowd downstairs. We are alone in this room, which seems to be offering us a welcome enclosure.
Sherlock played the last couple of measures before lowering his instrument, setting it down on the coffee table and reaching for the cloth.
A couple of priests had gathered in the poorly lit church. They knelt here and there amongst the pews, apparently deep in prayer. Gerome nodded to John, thumping his fist against his chest. John understood. He withdrew to one of the rows of pews too, a couple of metres away, following the other man's example and leaving enough space between them to pray alone and undisturbed. He knelt down and folded his hands on the back of the pew in front of him. He rested his forehead on his hands and closed his eyes. All of these things were still so familiar to him.
Maybe he'd play Bach for her. Or Brahms. None of the pieces they'd played together, though. That came too close for him. Too many emotions. He didn't want to risk anything in front of other people, even if most of them would be family. Maybe Molly and Mrs Hudson as well, someone from Sherrinford; nursing staff who had cared for Eurus. Sherlock wanted to play for Eurus, but he wanted to maintain his composure. His cool. No demonstration of sibling affection that went beyond an acknowledgment of genetically determined similarity.
"She picked at me until I broke down," Sherlock clarified. "Total crash. Hysterics. Crying jag. Collapse. Then emptiness. A terrible, bottomless, excruciating emptiness."
The naked man didn't respond. His breaths came in heaving gasps. But he allowed Conley to take a couple of steps in his direction, pick up the torn cassock from the floor, and wrap it around his body. Then Father Conley knelt down in front of the altar without another word and began to pray in a low, steady voice:
A car stood outside the wall. Mrs Beatty took the girl from Sherlock until he'd settled himself on the backseat. Then she placed the child in his arms again. Arthur Marsden took the seat next to him, his pistol cocked. Mrs Beatty was on the other side. She had clothes for the little girl with her, and dressed her on Sherlock's lap while the other man pulled the car into the midday London traffic. Sherlock felt his phone vibrate briefly in his pocket. John had replied to his text.
"Today is not my day," Sherlock said apologetically as he slowly turned around. The tip of the bow dragged over the carpet. He went to the window, set the instrument down on the table, loosened the bow, and started to clean the violin with a cloth. Not saying a word.
Phil worked with the same calm and attention he brought to bear in person. There wasn't a single frantic moment. Now and then, Phil would look up from the patient, from the machines, and his bright eyes – glowing even more strikingly through the dark green surgical visor – met Ashley's. Sometimes John's. Then his smile would deepen, just for a moment. His eyes were always smiling, even when he was concentrating on his work. There didn't seem to be anything that could rattle his inner peace.
Sherlock turned his head and looked John in the eye. A moment of absence deep in the pale blue, of looking away, perhaps of remembering. That was new. Sherlock thinking of something else in the middle of a case, even if it was only for a fraction of a second. John took note of it even as Sherlock turned back to the data, sticking two pins onto the section for the club, a green one and a black one.
John returned the picture to him without saying a word. Sherlock looked at the face in the photograph through the magnifier, searching for anything that was familiar to him, anything he recognised. But the closer he looked, the more whatever it was got lost in the granules of the coating. He should have known. He did know. It wouldn't do any good to look for Victor with the magnifier. He didn't exist anymore. He didn't even exist in this photograph anymore. And he only existed in Sherlock's memory as a fleeting shadow that no longer showed its face.
Irene's shoulder-length hair still retained the chestnut brown colouring it had back then; probably dyed. It was bound to one side in a plait that lay across the pillow on the right side of her neck. A few strands of hair had come loose. It must have been plaited some time ago and not redone. Her chest and left shoulder were bandaged. Chest port at her collarbone, various IV bags. She was unconscious. John was about to lift the blanket to look for any more bandages when the door opened. He let the blanket go.
"The media are reporting an accident stemming from a technical defect at the Zurich airport. A brief item, thirty lines. Two technicians died," Sherlock said.
"You won't be alone, John," Lestrade said. "The lads in Bury St Edmunds will have your back. And we've got another man on the scene who's cooperating with us. He'll make sure you're introduced to the right circles."
The flight attendant at the gate reached for the microphone. "Doctor John Hamish Watson. Please report to gate 23. Doctor John Hamish Watson," she said, her rich intonation coming through the loudspeakers like a velvety acoustic ribbon being laid on top of the background chatter of the waiting crowd.
Sherlock's fingertips stroked his chest, caressed his nipples, cautiously explored John's body, inspecting him. John watched Sherlock's face, bewitched by the emotions there, the concentration, the process of discovery, the amazement, the act of experiencing, the helplessness in the face of what it was doing to him. His parted lips, his deep, slow, lustful breaths, his glazed eyes.
Sherlock wasn't ready to dismiss his theory just yet. "They HAVE to be in the candles! The candles of both victims were destroyed, weren't they? Someone was looking for something inside them."
. Sherlock swallowed, his throat dry. He'd played in his grammar school orchestra too, but not for long. The rehearsals had bored him and the other musicians had annoyed him, along with the conductor and the selection of pieces. Basically everything. Then there had been a quartet at uni. Challenging. It had been fun for almost two years. Then he'd become so incensed over the new cellist that he'd quit. He hadn't been involved in music with anyone else since. No one. No lessons, no interactions, no advanced training.
"We're looking for a woman with a spider like this behind her left ear. Did you ever tattoo one like that?"
Sherlock felt overwhelmed by helplessness and misery. He swallowed hard. Tried to retain his composure. He longed so much to be close to John. For there to be peace between them. For the strength of their friendship. He felt so weak and inadequate.
John lay awake. His mind was spinning, an endless carousel. Cogwheels that wouldn't stop. Tiny gnomes somersaulted in his chest, hammering against his heart. He couldn't find peace, let alone sleep. A neverending roll call of unresolved questions. Too many. Too many loose ends. The dead priest. The strange wound, impossible to inflict without the victim's complicity. According to the autopsy, the man had celebrated the Eucharist shortly before he died. The last supper. Alone? Was that possible to do? Alone with Christ? Wasn't the presence of a community necessary?
A long silence. The clockmaker checked the mechanism, looked at it through the magnifier. Each of his movements was slow and graceful, gentle and harmonic, like the familiar motions of a tea ceremony, the okuden of a thousand-year-old kata. Then he sorted through the individual gears, pins, and springs on the table with the same equanimity.
"My list. The Suffolk Constabulary's. We've assembled a team under the direction of Linda Woodard. We're evaluating your information. It's working out quite well."
"This is Sherlock." John extricated himself from the hulking man, who stood even taller than Sherlock.
"Useless!" he said, annoyed. "That's all in the Interpol report already. That's not what we need to know. Lestrade, why did she have Mary taken to Holloway?"
"I didn't lie to you, John," Sherlock said in an effort to placate him. "I had planned to contact Celine but I hadn't done it yet. I didn't know whether it would work out."
John held out his hand and stroked Sherlock's arm, hard tendons and muscles under warm skin. A narrow wrist and a delicate hand awaiting his, opening. Their fingers slid in between each other, closed around each other. A current of warmth flowed through John's body. He let himself sink down toward Sherlock, into the arms that held him close, hands that caressed him, breath on his neck, Sherlock's scent, heat, Sherlock's readiness. A desire erupting suddenly, accelerating John's pulse, speeding up his respiration, pumping his genitals full of blood. He longed for a male body. Untamable. Inescapable. His heart was beating so hard. Sherlock pulled him closer. Arousal flooded him. A soft gasp. Heat. The embrace became more passionate. Sherlock's lips on his ear. John. A whispered puff of air. Fervid breath.
A train to Interlaken Ost. Transfer to the Intercity to Berne. Once there, he changed to another train heading for the Zurich airport. A three-hour journey, interrupted by the rush of transfers. It was the hardest trip he'd ever taken.
John was completely thrown by the question. At any other time, he would have given an immediate, affirmative answer, if it weren't for the Lowe case and his promise to go along with Sherlock's investigation. It wasn't about him and Sherlock right now. It was about the case.
At his burial, I wept openly at his grave. Mycroft held me. I wept for our unfulfilled life. For his. And for mine. I wept for those people who were close to us: Mycroft, Mrs Hudson, Lestrade. I wept for the farewell. I did not weep for our love. It was indestructible.
"Stay with me, John. Please," Sherlock sobbed into his neck. John rubbed his hand across the bony back, lost in thought.
"School and university are rough terrain. Many valleys. Complex. Encounters with people. Disappointments, almost always. Music and mathematics, chemistry – I can wander around fantastic mountain valleys filled with surprises and successes. Enjoyment. Away from the people. Solitude and a kind of happiness."
John was surprised at the lack of resistance. He lowered himself to the floor next to the wall. Soft cork. He heard the rustle of clothing, movement in the middle of the room. It was quiet for a while.
Are there things that are wrong, even if we do them with our whole heart, utterly convinced of their rightness? Can fate be directed? Or does it determine the path and steer our desires and abilities; does it create facts above and beyond everything that we know, believe, and think? Is there such a thing as God? A kind of logos, an eternally valid governance that sets the parameters in the form of natural laws and then leaves creation to its own devices? Or is it a combination of the two? Did the main spirit being delegate the task to something known as fate?
They held each other's gaze for a long time. The air between them reverberated. Sholto finally withdrew his hand from John's. He smiled thoughtfully as he said, slow and deliberate, "We're not at war anymore, John. Wake up. Go to Sherlock. He needs you. And you need him."
John caught Sherlock's eye. They sat across from each other in Ella's office. Precisely as far away from each other as Ella was from each of them. Everyone in their own space. An equilateral triangle of communication. Ella didn't allow them to form an alliance.
"No. No, John. I travelled to Yakutsk as Andrej Sorokin, that much is true. But the part with Irene didn't come until six months later. I didn't leave for her."
When he opened his eyes, he saw John walking toward him, a smile on his face, trolley case in tow, a day pack, jeans and a t-shirt, hair fair and bleached from the sun, face and arms tanned. He stopped in front of Sherlock, rested his suitcase beside him, no rush, took off his backpack and set it down too. Then he looked up. He was smiling, his grey eyes flashing with irrepressible joy. He inhaled, about to say something, but fell silent under Sherlock's gaze before the words could form on his lips.
John asked to be left alone with Mary for a while, and Sherlock stepped outside to wait. He sat in one of the chairs in the corridor. He felt numb. An orderly came by and asked if he needed anything. She brought him a paper cup with water and checked the bandage on his arm. They'd re-bandaged the wound right at the beginning, when Mary was still in the OP. It had started to bleed again.
John immediately knelt down, set the candle on the floor and placed his fingers against Martin's neck. He was warm. John felt a slow, strong pulse beneath his fingers. Martin moved, turned, seemed to emerge from a deep sleep, and stared at John. His black eyes glowed in the light of the candle.
Mycroft stood in the doorway. He was pale, his expression grim. Sherlock stood up in a daze and went out into the corridor. The attendant locked the rubber room behind him. Locked John up. Inserted layers between them. Sherlock could almost feel it physically. A vague pain in the centre of his chest.
Sherlock pressed his face into John's hair, inhaled his friend's scent, caressed John's naked body underneath the cover, careful, curious, aroused. He kissed the nape of John's neck, nuzzled his temple, his ear, slipped the tip of his tongue inside the curve of cartilage, felt his way along it. A surge of heat shot into his groin. John moaned in his sleep and stretched beneath Sherlock's hot hands. Sherlock breathed in the dampness behind John's ear, his eyes closed, pressed his erection into John's warm flesh, rubbed against him. John's smell, his nudity, his accessibility, all made Sherlock lose his head, whipped up his desire without him having – or wanting – any control over it. He wanted to indulge his own lust, wanted to live it, experience it, wanted to experience it with John.
"Sorry," he said sheepishly. His voice trembled. He looked into his friend's pale eyes, and Sherlock did something so unexpected that it threw John completely off balance at first. He extended his fingers and touched John's hand.
"What are you going to do now? They're going to want to initiate sexual contact with you. Maybe as part of some therapy."
John didn't feel anything other than Sherlock. Sherlock, who seemed to be sitting before him in the dark, waiting for him. A vibrating, alluring presence. All he needed to do was reach out his hand...
"How?" asked Rose. "An inmate doesn't do us any good if her range of motion is limited. Staff would take too long. Application processes, building up trust..."
He was shaking. His voice was threatening to crack, was barely audible. Sherlock's pale eyes, filled with concern and fear. It wasn't good. John knew that, and he was scared of it. Scared of Sherlock's answer. He'd wanted the truth. Now he needed to endure it. It was hard. He was scared of himself. He didn't know himself anymore, didn't know what he might do. He wasn't safe from himself. He was prepared to kill Sherlock.
The flat had a single room, was pitch dark and cold. The neon ceiling lamp cast it in a garish light. Someone had nailed a woollen blanket to a wooden slat to cover the window, providing both shade and insulation. A single table with two chairs. The smell of onions and cabbage. A gas cooker with a pot on it. John lifted the lid. A red soup. Borscht. A gas heater next to the window. John lit it. The blue gas flame spread around the ring with a dull pop. John set it to maximum so that the fireclay stones would heat up. In one corner the bed, unmade. Narrow. For one person. A cupboard. A small bookcase, around a dozen books, all Cyrillic. Next to that an armchair and reading lamp. John didn't turn it on, left the neon light.
John had ended up lashing out at anything and everything, blind and implacable, had shouted at the man in the opposing corner with his ridiculous orange armchair until he was exhausted. Had been hit by a shock wave as a biting, disparaging, on-target tirade of invective was sent back at him. Sherlock's unfiltered aggression. A firestorm that had made him stumble back against the wall. He'd shot back with everything he had, ranted and raged, out of control, pounded his fist into the padding of the armchair in front of him that blocked his way, the fucking lime green thing. He wanted nothing more than to slam his fist into Sherlock's face, beat him bloody, to make him stop, just to make him stop. But he hadn't stopped. John had been knocked down again by a fresh wave of hate and contempt, and been shocked by its vehemence. At some point, nothing more had come. He'd screamed himself empty. Hadn't found any more words he might have slung back, hadn't had any strength left. It just became still. Sherlock had broken down gasping in the corner. And John had fled.
"I'm not, John." Sherlock tried to speak calmly. "Mary didn't want to burden you with it and asked me to do the same."
The two gentlemen from EADS exchanged a look. Then the Frenchman smiled indulgently and asked with exaggerated politeness, "I presume you have the maps in your backpack, Mr Watson?"
John hunched up his shoulders. The damp chill seeped into his collar. He didn't want to be rude. Father Gerome kept stopping along the way, explaining the inscriptions on the tombstones, telling stories that had been passed down. John nodded and acted interested. They were on their way to the Chapel of the Crucifixion, but Father Gerome – he must have been approaching 80 – was like a walking encyclopaedia and visibly delighted at being able to pass on some of his knowledge.
"Let's have something to eat," he said mildly. "We should discuss the case and delineate your role for tomorrow. And you should be fit and well-rested for the morning."
John shook his head. "It's too dangerous. You're practically offering yourself up to him on a silver platter."
John looked away, back to Lestrade. Lowered his eyes again and stared at his hands on the table in front of him. He was breathing hard. He still seemed to be struggling with the decision. Then he took a deep breath, sat up straight, and looked into Sherlock's eyes. A long time. Information flowed between them. Fear and pain. Excruciating fear and leaden pain. A burning love. That burned deep enough to wound. And grief. A heavy, deeply rooted grief.
"The rituals were later demonstrably cut out of various manuscripts, omitted when new copies were made, or edited. And here: this is a blessing for the dying. Sheppard says it's unusual because it mentions someone carrying it out and absolves him of any wrongdoing. She believes it might refer to a ritual killing."
Callum stared into the cool, piercing eyes. Then he said calmly, "I'll make a statement if you guarantee that no other club member will be held responsible."
Sherlock was sweating. The hair at the nape of his neck was damp. John ran his fingers through it, closed his hand around the curls and held them for a moment before combing through them again.
Sherlock turned to the information board. He took Phil and Callum away. Both of them had proven their integrity. They had a shared past, they had differences of opinion over the formula of the Chalice, they engaged in academic duels, but they had nothing to do with the murders. No motive had crystallised, and there was no proof. Not even a clue. The new Grand Master had been elected. In silent agreement. The spiritual leaders had begun the ceremony with a sip of their Chalice, as was their tradition. They'd elected the new Grand Master while in the trance of their altered consciousness. There hadn't been any further poison attacks during the election, contrary to Sherlock's prophecy. All of the cups had contained an accurage dosage of the drug. There also hadn't been any fights over the title of Grand Master. Everything had taken place with amicable consideration, including the celebration afterwards – dignified and understated given the sadness over Martin.
John took a deep breath. He didn't know what to answer. Should he lie to James? Tell him the truth? He couldn't. He'd promised Sherlock he would play his role.
A crash and rumble made John look up. He stopped where he was and listened to the fog. To the left of him, a piece of the Rosenlaui glacier had broken off, chunks of ice tumbled down the smooth-scoured surface of the lower moraine. No danger. He wasn't in the path of the glacier. He was up at the height of the glacial tongue. It was almost over. Almost. Just down the Rosenlaui.
John banged his fist on the table, huffed angrily. Seconds passed. Sherlock sat there on his chair, chalky white, breathing heavily. John watched him for a while in silence. Then he said, more calmly, but with an icy growl lurking beneath his words: "I'm waiting for an explanation, Sherlock."
"No. I would not have gone along with faking an undercover investigation just to get some therapy," John admitted.
Dr John Watson was my claqueur. He admired me. He idolised my sharp mind. He was taken with my ability to observe and see connections. I was able to astound him. He loved me for it. He rejoiced when we succeeded in apprehending a thief or murderer. I took pleasure in his joy, and in being the object thereof. Well, perhaps there was much that I did for his sake. For our sake. For both of us. It gratified his desire for justice and my thirst for approbation. And so we joined forces to solve crimes. Not that I ever concerned myself with justice. That was Watson's motive, and his alone. I abhor people, and far be it from me to do anything for their sake, unless it might contribute to my own entertainment and satisfaction.
Lestrade beamed. "Thanks, John!" he said, both relieved and happy. "I'll introduce you to Phil Salisbury then, if that's all right with you. Phil's the surgeon at St. Anna's who's cooperating with us. You'll be working with him at the hospital, John, and he'll introduce you to the club. He can give you any additional information you need."
"I believe it has happened to me, Watson," I say, and lean so close to his ear that my lips touch it. "His name is John Watson."
"I know. I'll do that. We'll know more afterwards. I'm tired now, Sherlock. It's late. Can we go home?"
John lifted his hand, placed it on his friend's bent back, and smoothed it over the material. Just a little, almost a caress. He took his hand away when he realised how close he was to brushing his fingers up to Sherlock's nape and sinking them into the dark curls. Too much intimacy for a public space. Much too much. Sherlock was too close, shoulder to shoulder with him, smelling of the dampness of the rain and his own body.
Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. (Matthew 10:34)
They looked into each other's eyes a long time. A field of unspoken knowledge and mutual suspicions. Then John went to take a shower.
Sherlock chuckled, rocking John back and forth, pressing his face into John's neck. The thick woollen blanket collected their breath.
John stood up without waiting for a reply and left the church. The sun was shining outside. The precipitation of the past few days had fallen as snow up above 3000 metres. The peaks gleamed white against the backdrop of the dark blue sky. The cantonal police had closed the case. The search for Sherlock was over.
Sherlock swallowed. His eyes became soft and warm, the blue expanding and darkening, opening to his friend's gaze.
John's gaze was deep and searching. His grey eyes wide open and intense. Sherlock caught himself digging his fingers into the armrest of the chair, barely breathing. He tried to relax. Tried to breathe. Tried to open himself to John. To allow what was happening. They'd wanted this, both of them. He'd wanted this, had accepted John's proposal. He knew it was important for both of them. Essential. He needed to go through it, needed to get through this difficult hour. Needed to endure it, even if everything inside him was in flames and his entire being was poised to run away and crawl under a rock somewhere.
"He didn't seem very interested. He's extended another invitation to me. They're celebrating some kind of Thanksgiving thing on Friday night."
Sherlock pressed his fists against his temples. It felt like something had started up in him that he couldn't control. A mystical game with three letters. Trivial. Completely meaningless. What was going on? What was going on with him, in his head? How ridiculous! Sherlock heard himself gasping for air. John's hand on his arm.
The sun beat down on the bare rocks of Sherrinford. The sky was dark blue and swept clean above the two men huddled together in the narrow strip of shade from the wall. There was almost no wind. Just a hint of a breeze blew across the island and the calm sea, which extended far into the distance before their eyes. Below, against the rocks on the other side of the wall, the surf frothed with rhythmic, leisurely splashes at regular intervals.
"Okay. Can you take this thing off me?" John made a jerky motion with his chin toward the strait jacket holding his arms in place against his body. It seemed to be aggravating him no end; he'd been twisting around in it the whole time.
"Hello, welcome to the Dossen lodge," she said cheerfully. She wiped off her hands on the towel and came toward John, smiling, shook his hand. "I'm Celine, the caretaker."
Sherlock stopped behind the warning line in front of the glass. He didn't feel right. He felt naked without his violin, without an instrument to wedge under his chin and justify his presence. He felt defenseless without the bow to allow him to move his right hand to cover his solar plexus and protect the area around his heart, to redirect his breathing into the music. He felt helpless without the instrument that had become his channel of communication to Eurus.
Silence fell between them. Sherlock didn't speak. Their hands interlaced. John took a deep breath. This was what he wanted. He wanted to be with Sherlock. He wanted to spend the last years they would have together in peace and trust. Without the constant threat of danger. With gardening and bees and a couple of patients who brought potatoes and apples. With friendly neighbours and friends. With Sherlock. With Sherlock completely. No disturbances. Every minute. He wanted to consciously live every single minute with Sherlock.
"We had common ground to stand on, where Sophie could learn to walk," John said. "We had that before you jumped off Bart's. Do you think it will be possible again?"
"We're dealing with the murder of a priest," Sherlock said icily. "Your friend might be helpful. That's all."
"No!" John had turned back around to face Sherlock. "I want you to leave now, Sherlock. Leave me alone."
John beamed. Rose looked over at Sherlock. Astonishment in her eyes. She obviously hadn't expected John to be this successful.
They searched each other's eyes for two or three heartbeats, their hands still clasped. Then Rose nodded decisively, let go of Sherlock's hand, slung her bag over her shoulder and left the room without turning around or hesitating. Sherlock's heart clenched. It was as if the final connection to Mary was going away, out of his life. The last person who had known Mary – the real Mary – a fascinating woman who would remain a mystery. Forever. And who had left a child behind for him and John.
The words, along with the laid-back atmosphere and his sharpened senses, had triggered something in John that he hadn't thought possible. He saw another Sherlock. He saw, deep within the pale eyes before him, another Sherlock. He felt him. Felt him throughout his body. As if something had made his skin permeable and Sherlock was seeping into him, diffusing throughout his body, everywhere, through every square centimetre of his skin. John had tossed every notion he had of sexuality to the four winds. Amazed at how simple it had been. All the women he'd penetrated. It had been so easy to let them go. To let go of something that had never really made him happy, that he might never really have understood or allowed. Sensuality.
The three of them sat in the living room on Baker Street: Rose, Lestrade, and Sherlock. Waiting for John. Rose had looked around the flat, intrigued, no doubt registering that two people lived there. Two men. Two laptops, two sizes of men's shoes and clothing, disorder. Two sets of shaving supplies in the bathroom, two toothbrushes. Sherlock was well aware of what she saw, what she must see. He hoped she drew the correct conclusions, that she knew it was John. Anything else would have been embarrassing.
The pond lay as if poured into the space between some trees, covered with hundreds of white water lilies. The blossoms had closed up, leaving only their white tips shimmering in the moonlight. Upper Pond wasn't an official swimming pond; in fact, swimming was actually forbidden here. On the northern end - free of lilies - people swam in the dark water. There were five or six of them. So it wasn't just Dave and Margret and Sherlock. Whispers and soft laughter. John went closer, peering keenly between the trees, just as a text arrived on his phone from Lestrade.
Sherlock swallowed the omelet and looked at John in surprise. Were they in the midst of planning their future together?
Sherlock stood at the window. Eyes closed, playing by heart. He loved the Largo from Bach's Concerto for Two Violins in D Minor. The clear, steady Largo took its own sweet time, developed so smoothly; unencumbered. His violin really came into its own with the soft agogic of the middle tones. Sherlock also loved the sprightly, breathless chase of the Vivace, and especially the third movement, the Allegro, simmering incessantly in the background, a pulsating volcano. But the Largo was something special. Sherlock knew it was a dangerous piece. Full of longing and affection, both unavoidably on display when played. They played it sometimes, he and Eurus. Not often, but once in a while. The two melodies twining around each other, into each other, provocative counterpoints, asking, answering, cosying up. There was both joy and a deep, abiding peace in the master composer's ingenious opus.
John was staring at the text from Sherlock when a voice whispered to him from a couple of metres away: "Come with me."
John walked resolutely. He had his gun with him. And he'd informed Lestrade without letting Sherlock know. Sherlock was oddly nervous concerning this case, and John was in a hurry to put an end to it all. At the same time, the previous night was stuck in his head, more than he could handle at the moment. John thought almost constantly about the tender, intimate experience; it made him pensive and at the same time filled him with irrepressible joy. He saw Sherlock differently now. He experienced him differently. It was as if he'd discovered and identified a second Sherlock hidden deep inside the one he'd known up to now. Maybe he'd made Sherlock's acquaintance now, truly got to know him for the first time. Maybe it was the first time he'd allowed the acquaintance. It was the first time he'd ever really set foot in the depths of his own sensuality and perceived the beauty lurking there. John knew that something important had happened, something that had to do with his inner self, and that would change him and his life. He'd wanted to sleep with Sherlock before, but it had been as if there were no common point of contact that he could have built on. After last night, there was one. It was different than John had expected. It was deeper and much more complex than anything he'd thought he knew about sexuality before. Neither of them, neither John nor Sherlock, had wanted to talk to Dr Kenny about it.
"If I'm understanding you correctly, Sherlock, then we can only gain access to the Green Chamber as a couple. That's why you're here."
He'd suspected the CIA was responsible for Mary's death. Mary and his unborn daughter. Mary, a rogue agent. Not an accident. Even if it had looked like one and no one had been able to prove otherwise. Sherlock's fears had come home to roost. Mycroft's people hadn't protected Mary. The connections between the intelligence agencies were too complex, any interference too delicate. Sherlock had broken his vow. He hadn't been able to protect her. Empty words. Worthless promises.
Andrej. He wanted to meet him. Even if it ended in a fight, every confrontation and argument was better than looking for the man who was both Andrej and Sherlock out here in the wilderness. He needed to find him again. In every way. Anything else was unbearable.
Watson grabs my hand without warning and turns it over. Some powder still clings to my fingers. Watson does not hesitate. He holds my hand in a steely grip, licks my skin with the tip of his tongue, testing. He tastes the powder, distributes it in his mouth, checks it. He keeps his eyes on mine the whole time. I see the grey widen in disbelief. Then it closes up again, becoming hard and as blank as slate. Watson lets my hand go, just like that. He lowers himself onto the wooden bench, shoves his plate and utensils away, sets his elbows on the table and covers his face with his hands. He is breathing heavily. I wait for him to say something, but he sits there silently.
He was helpless in the face of the facts. Who had saved them? Who was interested in his and Sherlock's survival? Mycroft? But who had attacked Irina? Had she had the information on her, and if so: who had it now? Sherlock would have seen the solution. But Sherlock was under sedation in the ICU. Were they even safe in this hospital? Was Sergej safe? What about Sherlock?
I cannot think of anything further to say. Just that. I feel weak and upset, both physically and mentally. We are sitting at the breakfast which Mrs Walton set up for us outside. The weather is fine again, the rain having stopped a while ago. I have my tea before me. The Doctor takes a deep breath, letting it out again in a heavy stream.
"Thanks for the invitation," John said, maintaining his presence of mind. "I'll have to see if I can make it. Probably not."
Gerome smiled contentedly. "Talk to your partner, John. You can meet the brotherhood before you decide, no strings attached."
John listened as the steps came closer. The rustling of clothing. Someone slid into the same pew he was kneeling in, stopped next to him for a moment before kneeling as well. John didn't need to look up to know it was Sherlock. He smelled it, felt it, knew it. He could sense Sherlock's presence in his bones, physically, a humming, an intense exchange of heat between them. And anyway: who else would kneel right next to him, so close? Disturbing a clergyman's prayers so disrespectfully?
The chapel was small and airy and smelt faintly of cold incense. The walls were whitewashed here as well. Daylight flooded the space through a window set high in one wall. There was a single prayer bench in the middle of the room, made for kneeling, not sitting. The rough outline of a body was sketched with chalk on the stone floor right next to the bench. A large bloodstain where the chest would have been. According to the autopsy report, the victim had been stabbed from behind once, deep enough to pierce his heart. Probably while he had knelt in prayer right there. At least that's what the chalk outline on the floor indicated. As if the victim had slid sideways from the kneeling bench onto the floor.
He started in surprise. He was thinking about John. Openly. And the touch of his fingers on the leather was causing physical reactions that didn't belong here, in this place. Heart palpitations. Heavy breathing. And a gentle heat throughout his whole body. His pulse in his groin. Affection. A deep sense of connection... he was in love! Sherlock was shocked at the sudden realisation. He hastily returned the binder to the shelf and virtually fled the stationer's, rushed home in distress.
"An astonishingly high mortality rate," Sherlock remarked. "And not a single involved party who can be questioned. Remarkable. Still: good work, Inspector. Where did you get the names?"
John placed a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, squeezed it, and said in response to his friend's anxious tone, "The sacrament of Holy Orders is the most important milestone in the life of a priest. It's like a wedding. Friends and relatives are invited to witness the vows and celebrate together. It was long before I knew you, Sherlock."
We lie nestled close together. John holds me close. He stays inside me until his prick retreats on its own. That gives us some time. Time to come back to our senses, to catch our breath. Time to realise what we have done. What has happened. Time to understand what it means. If that is even possible.
John was fascinated by the pictures, and at the same time he was irritated by how emotional his response to them was. He interpreted everything, every word, of what he read as relating to Sherlock. He was painfully aware of that. The words were so simple and precise that he couldn't escape them. Especially not the story of the fox. John read it with his heart in his throat.
"Sorry," John said unhappily. "Definitely not a good day today. I shouldn't have come. I apologise."
Someone placed their hand on John's and squeezed gently. John tried to turn his head. Sergej. The young man sat on a chair beside the bed, pale and bleary-eyed. He looked terrible. Sunken. A recently stitched up wound on his forehead.
Surprise in John's eyes. He picked up the book, curious, his fingers stroking and perusing the leather. Then he opened it. Leafed through it. Did a double take. Looked into Sherlock's eyes, disbelieving.
Shortly before noon, instructions arrived from the CSIS that allowed Rose to write up a report illuminating the "circumstances of the Copernicus case". She set to work right away. She emailed the report to Canada first, and the approved version arrived back around three p.m.
"This is Victor," Sherlock said to John and handed him the photograph. While John examined it silently, Sherlock looked through his suit jacket for the tool kit he always had on him, then took out the magnifier.
"Rosie?" Sherlock asked hesitantly, still looking into the little girl's eyes, who stared back curiously.
"You know the rest," said Ethan. "Thomas clung harder and harder to the bond, the more I let it go. And the more he did it, the more I became aware of my own unfulfilled desire. And then everything with Magdalena happened, and we both fell. He chose death. I fell into the pit of my own desire, into a vacuum, a hole. I realised I was standing at that station, waiting and waiting, and that there was no place for me to go. I had to break into my own innermost self, into my emptiness and the emptiness of my faith and the ridiculousness of my love. That's what changed everything. I passed straight through creation and realised that the magnitude of my desire was the same as the magnitude of the love I was missing. That was missing within me, and that connected me to everything, absolutely everything without exception. With God and mankind, with plants and animals, with all of creation. I understood that THAT is Christ. That I'd been wrong about Him and hadn't understood anything before."
Sherlock sought John's gaze, looked into his clear eyes, pale in the summer morning light spilling into the room through the wide-open window, barely impeded by the thick curtain.
Rose nodded. She looked tired. "Good," she said pensively. And with a sharp look in her doe-brown eyes, added, "We won't be seeing each other again, Sherlock. Have a good life."
John stared at the words. They could have been his own. A surprising book. John read on, intrigued. And as he sat there in the train, travelling away from Sherlock, he entered a world with Saint-Exupéry that led him back towards him.
Sherlock struggled to formulate a thought, a word, a decision, a plan, anything. But there was nothing inside him but chaos.
"A little taller than Mrs Watson and thin. Quite thin. Short, dark hair. Jeans, a blouse and red jacket. A tattoo on her neck, I did notice that. A small spider descending out of her hair from a thread behind her left ear. Cute. Really nice. The tattoo, I mean, not the woman."
"If anything happens to Rosie, Sherlock, or if your sister has anything to do with it, I'll kill you. I swear to you. I will kill you. You first."
"About life. Everything. Everything I needed as a priest, as a minister, and as a man." Stean's voice broke. He ran his hand over his face, fighting back tears.
But I am already kissing him in the next moment. I do not know what has got into me. My kisses are filled with urgent desire. John allows it for a heartbeat or two, groans softly, and I struggle stubbornly against the impulse to seize him by the crotch. Then Watson pushes me away, gently but firmly.
John took a shaky breath, tried to get himself under control, to calm himself. They looked at each other, not saying a word. Outside, the first fire engine sirens could be heard.
"You're right. I don't know anything about women," Sherlock said simply, turning to Linda. "Is that a motive for a woman?" he asked her. "Being left by a man?" His voice sounded calm, but John could hear the vibrations in it. Sherlock was wound up like a spring about to snap.
Sherlock searched John's familiar eyes, saw the bubbly smile. The hesitation that followed after a few moments. The sudden earnestness. He saw the grey become warm and open up, the pupils dilate, dilating for him. He let himself sink freely into the unexpected depths, surprised to feel the expanse of his own open, unprotected space inside. His breath caught in his throat and he fell, astonished, eternal, unable to take his eyes off John's, to notice anything other than their breathtaking proximity.
"I was in the lounge, discussing spins and microdimensions with some physicists," Phil explained. "Davide was upstairs in the attic space. He was leading a systemic ritual. But he didn't come back to the lounge afterwards, the way he usually did. I waited for him. At some point, Callum came and said there was a problem, that something was wrong with Davide. I rushed up to the ritual chamber."
Sherlock looked up and met his partner's eyes. He'd stopped eating, was just poking at his omelet without realising he was doing so. Half of it was still on his plate. John waited.
"It's a journal," John said quietly. He closed his eyes for a moment, took a deep breath before speaking the next sentence. "It's a journal of my feelings for you. I'd like you to read it and then give it back. Since it's so personal, I'd like to hear a definite yes from you. Or a definite no."
John had himself let out on the main road, shouldered his bag and walked the rest of the way. He took a deep breath of the warm fragrances of the August night. The familiar aromas of dung, soil, leaves and blossoms. The scent of roses wafting from one of the gardens. The unexpectedly deep-seated feeling of return, of homecoming, overwhelmed him. John stopped short in wonder.
"If someone injected something directly into the port, there's no way to prove it," John said dully.
She was clearly in a bad mood. She made coffee. She'd brought fresh bread and apples along this time. While John and Sherlock got dressed and moved the bed upstairs, she prepared breakfast and set it out on the wooden table in front of the cabin. Her temper had improved by then.
"On the east is the Lover with the element of water, to the south is the Warrior with the element of earth, the Magician is in the west with the element of air, and the King is to the north with the element of fire," Phil explained. And as John gaped at him with a horrified look, he added, "All according to C.G. Jung. More or less. Might be somewhat off-putting to people who haven't studied it, but you'll see how powerful the gardens are."
It was an orderly. She nodded at him and went about working on another patient. John decided to leave the room and find the doctors' lounge to ask for the attending physician, find out what kind of injuries they were. There was sure to be someone in the hospital who spoke English. He decided to present himself as a doctor and friend of Irina's who'd flown here to help her.
John would have liked to cry when he heard the passage, because they were the perfect words for Sherlock. But he couldn't cry. His heart was frozen with pain.
Sherlock chewed on his bread and cheese. He took a sip of coffee and swallowed it all down. "Not yet," he said.
Sherlock carefully extended his injured leg. The rain had stopped a while ago. The first rays of dawn signalling the start of a new summer's day reached into the disintegrating building. The child in his arms whimpered softly and moved restlessly. Rosie was waking up, and was probably about to start crying. She needed dry clothing, fresh nappies, and food. He had to do something. Rosie struggled discontentedly, grizzling now and flinging her arms about. Sherlock opened his suit jacket, extricating her from the cocoon she'd been sleeping in. She was sweaty and stank, making it rather clear that she needed to get out of the soiled nappy. She started to weep softly when Sherlock picked her up with both hands and looked her in the face.
"Sergej," he said when he returned, his son apparently having left. "You need to get to the airport as soon as possible, John."
John smiled. It made him happy to hear Sherlock say that, even if John realised Sherlock hadn't come all the way to Bury St Edmunds solely in order to see him.
"A few years later, I'd just received my degree and had my marching orders to Afghanistan, he invited me to his ordination. I was surprised but I went. Everything was different. He was so happy, so full of faith and peace. He'd become a man who'd dedicated himself to Christ with his whole soul, his whole heart. That's what I thought anyway."
"Outside of the clinic, privately, they did," Sherlock conceded. "But I put them off and they accepted that. That wasn't a lie."
John and Mycroft exchanged a look. They were both prepared to do it. Whatever came now, it was better than the uncertainty.
John tried to reach Sherlock again. But he still didn't have any reception on his smart phone. Not even once he'd passed the Urbach saddle. That made John suspicious. He knew he'd had reception at the fork leading up to the Engelhorn lodge the first time, when he'd gone up there last week. Why was it gone now? Was someone preventing him from contacting Sherlock? Or Mycroft? Or anyone at all? Because he couldn't contact anyone right now. He was all alone. Isolated. He was completely on his own in this fog-dense, wet, slippery, rain-drenched desert. It was cold and damp. No one else around.
"I have a plan, Doctor. I would like to have a look around the Boons' barn and stable without being disturbed. If you and the Constable would be so good as to occupy Alistair Boon in the interval?"
"His partner didn't know what he had planned. Thomas was certain he wouldn't agree to it. That's why he didn't tell him."
I do not speak any further, as the grey in his eyes clouds over. Then it becomes translucent and wet. Slowly. Very slowly. I have never seen it, never before. I have never seen tears in Watson's eyes before. He swallows hard. Then he stand up and leaves.
They'd drunk their tea, John had set out some biscuits, and Dr Halsey had admitted, startlingly: "That's kind of my secret dream, you know. To live with a man."
Sherlock knew the porter wasn't supposed to leave his post, and wasn't about to. He smirked when the man said, "Sorry, I can't do that. I'm not allowed to leave my post."
John closed his eyes, trying to calm himself. But Sherlock didn't give him a chance. He slid off the bed, sank to his knees, and lapped at the head of John's cock with his tongue. John gasped in shock. He thought he was going to collapse when Sherlock licked and sucked him with such single-mindedness it dashed all of his self-control to pieces. He dug his fingers into the tousled curls between his legs and pulled.
Sherlock joined him on the couch. It was still the same old one. It had become worn and threadbare over all the years. They'd never changed anything about the furnishings of their flat at 221B Baker Street. Not even when Mrs Hudson had moved to the nursing home. She needed specialised care. The downstairs flat remained empty. Mrs Hudson had signed the house over to them. The two of them. Sherlock Holmes and Dr John H. Watson.
"John's still working on it. No disturbances yet. The agent went back to the infirmary to be in a position to react if anyone shows up there."
Sergej's voice had become softer, musing. John was relieved that Sergej had no idea who his father really was in Great Britain. He was Andrej and remained Andrej. Sergej knew nothing of Sherlock.
"No, Sherlock. We're apparently dealing with a brutal, sexually motivated killer here. I want to be near you, and kept informed. Either find a way to make that work or I'll blow your cover and drag you out of there."
The specialists from the police searched up and down the Reichenbach. It was carrying an unusually large amount of water. The rain made the task even harder. They searched all day. Strapped into protective suits, they abseiled down the cliff face into the rushing waters, examined rock projections and littoral zones. The men didn't stop until the approaching darkness made it impossible to continue the search. Without results.
John shivered where he stood at the window, trying to imagine what the landscape would look like in winter. Sherlock's surprisingly unambiguous statement both touched and surprised him. He'd never heard those words come out of Sherlock's mouth before. At the same time, he saw that broad, flat expanse of land in front of him. Emptiness, across which the wind would blow unimpeded in the winter. Love and fear, the familiar and the foreign. The combination of impressions reminded him of the dream.
John was well aware of how useless it was to wait for Sherlock. It didn't change anything whether he went to bed or wandered around the living room. John took the piece of paper he'd laid on the table and looked at the two pictures again. He'd wanted to ask Sherlock about them, about the pictures and where they came from. The top one showed part of a sparsely furnished flat. A heater. To the right a window. An old wooden table with a cup on it, cut off on the left an old-fashioned gas cooker. The bottom picture was of a pre-fabricated highrise, taken from the vantage point of an empty field that dominated the entire foreground. Churned up soil, a construction site. There was a scattering of snow on the ground, which looked to be frozen, the sky grey. Someone had copied both images onto a single sheet, printed it out, an old computer printout, the colours faded. Something was written underneath, handwritten, ball point pen. It was in Cyrillic.
John and Sherlock knelt down with Gerome before them and their three attendants to the left, to the right, and behind them. Together, they prayed. One of the priests wafted incense over them, walking around them with the censer. Then they got up and Gerome and the other three men blessed John and Sherlock with holy water. John closed his eyes when wet fingers carefully traced a cross on his forehead. He shivered in understanding as each of the men called upon a different archangel as the cross was drawn.
John lowered himself to sit next to him on the blanket. "It's fine, Sherlock. You don't need to do anything, you know. You don't owe me anything. It's in the past. You were a kid. It's all fine."
"I knew it all along," John said, irritated at the doctor's continued mirth. "I only made it look like I'd left Sherlock so he could check himself in and proceed with the investigation. Everything made sense to me all along."
The priest's voice drew John out of his thoughts. Rustling around him. John got to his knees along with the others. A glance from Sherlock strafed him. John couldn't interpret it. Confusion? It was too dark in the chapel to see well enough. Sherlock knocked the dust off his suit.
They didn't know much about what was behind Moriarty's television appearance. Three weeks and they'd barely made any progress at all. A special commission had been appointed. It was charged with finding out how it had been possible to override the national television broadcast. And they were supposed to re-think the security system. The technical side of things had been easy to figure out. Someone had hacked into the digital infrastructure of the broadcaster, reset the frequencies and sent the clip over a transponder channel of the Astra system via the earth observation satellite Copernicus-SL3. After that the frequencies had been set back by the hacker. That was unusual. The culprit had cleaned up after themselves, left everything the way it had been originally. The whole thing smacked of the kind of professionalism that made the security experts' hair stand on end. Someone must have manipulated the satellite for this specific purpose. That indicated a well-organised, extremely powerful party. But what was the reason for it all? Who was behind it?
John wanted to avoid breaking the police seal if possible, although he was sure all he'd need to do was call Linda to get permission. But it would be better in any case if he didn't leave any traces behind, so long as the murderer hadn't been identified. He walked around the house, looking for some means of entry. The exterior metal blinds over the kitchen window had been propped open with the metal rod intended for that purpose, with a small ventilation flap left open behind it. Classic. A kitchen always needed fresh air, and was almost always on the ground floor. It was simple enough to reach through the ventilation flap, open the main window, and crawl through.
He stretched out beside John and regarded his friend, who was more dozing than sleeping and now drowsily opened his eyes, looking at Sherlock still half in a dream. His sandy hair mussed amidst the pillows and blanket, grey eyes soft and bemused, stubble. And then memories flitting across his face like a shadow. Worry lines.
"We blast the ink particles into microscopic bits with a picosecond laser, and they get broken down by the body. The tissue involved suffers a slight burn, but with such a minimal surface it heals up almost completely. Of course if you go looking, you'll always find tiny scars."
"Are we?" Sherlock asked. "It's dark, John. The young couple over there only have eyes for each other. And the three elderly ladies have their eyes closed and are basking."
Ginger Burton was an unassuming woman at first glance. Short. Plump. Jeans, jumper, suit jacket, straight shoulder-length hair. She looked thoroughly average and harmless in every respect. Until you had to deal with her. The officers of the Suffolk Constabulary were finding her an extremely tough nut to crack. As a medical doctor, she was highly intelligent and incredibly quick-witted. She admitted to absolutely nothing. She parried every question. It was a challenge to interrogate her, and no one succeeded on their first try. Not even Linda. Linda appealed to Sherlock and John for help.
Sherlock searched for anything on the satellite, dug through project files. Copernicus-SL3 had been designed, built, programmed, and tested at MDA. The invoices showed a payment to an external IT consultant for configuration and coding, 182 hours. The man wasn't listed as a member of the project team and didn't appear in any of the project documentation, not even in the detailed to-do lists. Discrepancy. Sherlock wrote down the name, an employee of an IT consulting company in London.
John had been holding off the impatient detective in the narthex by the church door. Had been holding him off since the moment they'd entered the church, before Sherlock could follow the priest. John let go of Sherlock's coat now. Sherlock smoothed down the material.
Then John pulled back. His hand rubbed his child's back one more time, then his friend's arm. His eyes, deep and grey. The sudden alertness in them. A glance at Sherlock's leg.
John pushed down the door handle; the door was unlocked, so he pulled it open. Warm air, the spicy aroma of food. Sherlock stood at the stove; he turned around.
Rose attempted a smile, but it was fleeting. The thick bandage on her cheek didn't move. The wound seemed to be painful.
The man dismounts in front of Boon's house, ties up the snorting, sweating animal. I can smell it from here. The dog has already sounded the alarm, the door to the house opens. The man slips inside. It is James Waugh.
I said to him – and I recall quite clearly that I felt myself glowing with happiness – "He is my friend."
Phil's doe-brown, speckled eyes searched John's grey ones, just briefly, gentle and goodnatured. No threat, no force, no judgment. A restrained friendliness. Plumbing the depths down to the nanometre.
Sherlock's mobile phone vibrated in his pocket. He glanced at the screen. Lestrade. Lestrade, who most certainly wanted to know what he thought of the body, whether he'd discovered anything, drawn any initial conclusions. Sherlock didn't accept the call, instead returning his phone to the inner breast pocket of his jacket. He pushed off the window sill, stretched, and took a couple of deep breaths. Then he set off for the morgue.
Sherlock. How was he doing? John reached for his mobile phone on the nightstand. 3:24 a.m. No messages. He hadn't heard anything from Sherlock since he'd left. That had been two days ago.
"I've just come from a home birth at the Reids' and thought I'd drop in," he'd said. "I heard you're a doctor."
John knocked at the window separating the driver from the passengers. "Could you let us off along here somewhere?"
The celebration took place three weeks later. Sherlock was in a hurry to make good on what he'd promised John: that they would start a new chapter of their life and celebrate it with their friends. They'd planned and prepared and invited everyone, both old friends and new, neighbours and acquaintances from the village. They'd agreed to open the house to everyone. The only argument they'd had was over Mycroft. Sherlock hadn't wanted to invite him. John had. If only out of gratitude, as Mycroft's people had managed to get Sergej out of his unfortunate situation. He'd lost his job, to be sure, but he'd been offered another one in international space travel. Sergej emailed John that he was happy and sent a picture of himself and his pregnant wife, who was close to giving birth. He sent it to John because the two of them were in contact. Sergej's father, Andrej, was officially dead, and Sergej wasn't sure enough of himself to write to Sherlock.
John decided to lie, since breaking and entering was still a crime. And so he gave the evasive answer: "Let's just say I had an opportunity and used it."
A saddle, tack and bridle hang right where I spied them the first time. Beside them another set. I examine both. The second saddle – rather old and worn – has rivets in the back. One of the rivets has been replaced by one which is larger than the original. The missing rivet head is the one which lay behind Waugh's house. In the stable, I find blond horse hairs, which I compare to the ones in my trouser pocket. It is unequivocal. Someone was at the Waughs' with the chestnut gelding.
Then the hymn began in honour of the Star of the Sea, the mystical name of Mary, the namesake of the convent: Maria Stella Maris.
"As long as you have the system under your control," Rose added, "and she does, as far as we know." Her expression was pale and brittle, but her voice remained calm. She was still a professional.
"It's a risk," John said. "But it's a calculated one. The important thing is that we prepare down to the last detail, especially from a medical standpoint. We can't afford any mishaps. We're putting human lives at risk. If Sherlock's right with his analysis, this mission will deliver definitive proof." John's eyes met Sherlock's. "Based on my experience with Sherlock, I assume his suspicions are correct," he added. "In my eyes, the mission is justifiable in spite of the risk. I support it completely and am prepared to go through with it."
Inspector Schofield has invited the Doctor and me to dinner tomorrow evening and we have accepted. But we are not in the mood for company tonight. We are seated on the wooden bench outside the cottage, as has become our habit. Matt Walton and his wife have retired for the night. Contrary to the usual procedure, they sat with us at the table tonight, in the kitchen, and ate with us. Listened to our tale and posed questions. Both of them pale and horrified. Too much has happened. The shock, disbelief, and grief are great in the affected village and its neighbours, where the news has spread like wildfire.
"My brother has assignments to take care of," Mycroft said coolly. "He's unavailable to you at the moment."
Eurus was right. He'd been chasing himself, running away from himself. The whole time. Doing nothing had been more stressful to him, made him more frantic, than anything else. The fear of standing still and having to acknowledge himself. Now his body was involved. He couldn't run away anymore. He sat in John's flat and let time pass. It passed indiscriminately. He observed the route of the sun, daydreamed, answered emails, and spent hours on end practising the piece Eurus had composed for him.
At the front, three steps led up to the chancel, behind it the choir screen. A high altar of wood, painted to look as if it were made of dark red marble. Flash and show. It was just a divider, separating the lay worshippers from the monks. In the middle, an oversized depiction of Christ stood over the sanctuary, posed as if delivering a blessing, a stylised heart exposed on his chest. He gazed down at the faithful, flanked by angels and significant saints on the left and right.
John didn't respond to the mocking tone, instead pointing at the image on the screen. It showed a cross drawn on a piece of stained parchment. The sketch appeared to be old, the ink already faded. A doubled cross. Two long, thin uprights close together, two short crosspieces placed high and also close together. The node in the centre of the four lines was square, and within it was an upward-facing semicircle with a triangle underneath. The symbol for a chalice. Tiny. A ribbon was loosely wrapped around the intersection. The cross itself was so long and narrow it resembled a sword. Especially with one of the vertical lines slightly longer than the other at the bottom, creating the impression of a pointed end.
The bow felt different in his hand. Heavier at the tip. The up-bow sounded warmer than usual. The down-bow more mellow. Sherlock took the bow off the strings and checked the tension of the hair, tightened the screw on the frog, and settled the violin between his chin and shoulder. He tried a few strokes, ran through some scales. The bow bounced too light. Too hard. He needed a softer position, otherwise he wouldn't be able to get through Variation 2 with its painfully escalating chaos of sounds. But he also needed a firm, steady response between bow and strings, otherwise he wouldn't be able to get through all of the variations. The quick sixteenth notes in the first variation should be cheerful and distinct. And the third, with the laidback plainsong, needed a high degree of transparency, including in the sound. On the other hand, the fourth variation in the major key, wild and whirling, needed a solid grounding. And then there was Variation 5, pensive, inquisitive, idiosyncratic. And the Intermezzo. It concerned him. The Intermezzo didn't fit the pattern, yet it formed the core of the entire piece. A four-part revelation. Sherlock was torn.
The bed was really too narrow for two grown men. John lay on the outer edge. Sherlock had turned over and was asleep. The full moon had faded. Morning would be dawning soon. John lay awake. He didn't understand what had happened. His thoughts circled around all the things he'd gone through and experienced. Puzzle pieces that didn't fit together, didn't form a picture.
Reading the journal was much more strenuous, more painful and upsetting than Sherlock had ever thought it would be. He was confronted with John's distress and disappointment, with his tough, hopeless battle. He was shaken by the fact that John had considered leaving several times, moving out of 221B Baker Street. And the continued hope he placed in relationships with women: marriage, a family, getting away from Sherlock. A hopeless punt.
"Why disappear?" John asked, and in the trance of their mutual arousal he touched the edge of Sherlock's ear with the tip of his tongue, traced the warm cartilage, slipped inside, under the curled edge as he probed. Salty skin. Sherlock gasped. But he stopped the caress with tremulous fingers, put his mouth to John's ear again.
"Yes. I did some research and found out that his partner had been working as a chaplain in a hospital in Leeds. A hospital that was served by the nuns from Merciful Cross. And it was his partner who was ritually beheaded. At least it's the same man in the photograph in Ethan's bedroom."
The clear, curt negative bothered Sherlock. It shut him out, and it hurt. He hadn't expected it, not tonight, when he'd been so free with his attentions and affection. He hadn't expected a no like that, nor that it would have such an effect on him, that it would trigger so much pain and sadness.
Watson and I keep to the background, observing the people. Everyone appears calm. James Waugh is the only one who truly appears to despair. He wipes his eyes with a handkerchief. His sister never leaves his side. His fingers clench his hat when he removes it from his head for the prayer. Inspector Schofield points out a man standing with the villagers. Alistair Boon. Waugh's alibi. The man had been rounding up sheep with Waugh at the time the crime occurred.
"He has, John. He's completely dedicated to his faith. He bitterly regretted ever having let himself get attached to anyone, but he takes his bond seriously. Even though his partner is dead."
They talked about the case while they ate. John tried to compose his role so as not to give anything away when he saw Phil and Callum the next day. It was hard. Phil was sure to ask about the status of the investigation, probably first thing in the morning at St Anna's. And he'd want to hear directly from John what had happened at the club. Martin's death. Phil couldn't so much as suspect that Sherlock was here. He couldn't be allowed to know anything of the suspicions against him, of the trap that Sherlock and Linda's team were planning. He should think he was safe, that his plan had worked: a murder right under John's nose during his proven absence. The perfect alibi.
A hand-held spotlight hung on the wall next to the old, dark wooden door leading to the chapel. Gerome took it down before opening the door. A puff of damp, stuffy air billowed out at John. Gerome shone the light down the steep stone staircase leading into the narrow vault.
(Therefore I beseech blessed Mary ever Virgin, all the angels and saints, and you, brethren (and sisters), to pray for me to the Lord our God.)
"Can I invite you for a coffee?" Sergej asked. "There's a cafeteria here. Nothing special, but the coffee is quite acceptable. You are from Great Britain, correct?"
John nodded absently. He'd slouched down against Sherlock's shoulder as they talked, leaning on him lightly. Sherlock didn't know whether John was aware of it. It seemed to have happened more unconsciously than intentionally.
John got up. He freed himself from Sherlock's embrace and stood up, looked for matches on the stove, lit the gas lamp on the table. He set it down in front of the stove, next to the mattress, peeled back the blanket. Sherlock's nude body.
Sherlock was still staring into John's eyes. A wave of fear overtook him, paralysing him. The realisation that something was changing, perhaps had already changed. Now. Right at this moment, when he was helpless in so many ways. The frightening realisation that John was doing things that Sherlock couldn't cope with. Such simple yet complicated things as taking his hand, interlacing their fingers. So enormously clear and significant. The fear that it might be the start of something he couldn't deal with, that he didn't have a handle on.
"Fine," Sherlock said, unsure whether the topic was closed now and everything clear. "Good." He ate some more of the omelet. It tasted surprisingly good.
"Why should we?" Greg fired back. "A nun charged with multiple felonies should be a hot topic for the public. It's not something you come across every day."
John felt the dehydration progressing. It was becoming difficult to think clearly. He was tired and had a terrible headache. His mouth was dry and sticky. It still tasted of chlorine. He didn't know how much time had passed. But if they didn't want him to die of thirst, he needed something to drink pretty soon. And badly.
After that, they took a walk in the park every day, and slowly began to re-discover words, even if they were for nothing more than the unimportant things of everyday life. What lay behind them was still encased in a shell of fear and pain and an inability to comprehend what had taken place. The verbal doorway to those things didn't open until they visited the grave. But it took more than two weeks before they dared to go to the cemetery instead of the park.
