“You’re not suggesting it really is Irene, are you?” Sherlock asked, his voice trying to remain even.
The shorter man was biting down on his lip so much, he made himself bleed. He didn’t know what to say. Didn’t know what to think. He desperately wished he could be
But this
John nodded his head, picturing that day clearly.
Prior to The Fall, John noticed that he would stare at Sherlock with a little more awe when he made his deductions, and on a couple of occasions did he find himself oogling his arse whenever he wore those black trousers that hugged him just right. Hell, he had even felt his heart swell just a tiny bit more whenever the detective praised him on cases as well as at home. But John Watson was
“Someone who loves
John nodded again. “You said that Sherlock was really a girl’s name.” He smiled slightly – despite the situation they were in right now – thinking back to that moment. “But I don’t understand what that has to do with this.”
"I know, I know... I just think they could have done better without twisting the truth," Sherlock said, leaning his head down to rest on top of John's. "They didn't even get
John locked his jaw and shifted his eyes to look over at Sherlock. It was true, he had never really asked why he had jumped, or left early. He always just chalked it up to Sherlock being Sherlock. The detective, however, looked like someone was punching him in the stomach, and when he looked back at his sister, his eyes were practically begging her to stop talking.
Sherlock did have a point there.
…” She stared directly into her brother’s eyes as she smirked like the devil himself. It was almost scary just how much she reminded Sherlock of Moriarty. The way she looked at him made his stomach twist.
“Papa! Papa!” she said happily, a little skip in her step. Sherlock smiled big at the little girl and leaned forward so she ran into his open arms. “Gift, Papa,” she said as she held her hands out.
“No, don’t! Stop!” Sherlock said, practically lunging at the screen. John and Mycroft both did the same – a sort of automatic response to protect. Mycroft had his hand covering his mouth and eyes blown wide while John kept looking from the screen to Sherlock and back again. Sherlock didn’t know which footage to look at and could feel himself start to shake slightly in a panic.
“Did you
"You know, for someone who doesn't believe in this lovely holiday, you're very eager to..." John undulated his hips into Sherlock's, feeling the tell-tale outline of his morning wood - most likely educed even more by John's actions. "...
a Holmes.
day. They should show it every day of the year." He turned to look at John and leaned in to kiss his lips. "This, right here, this is what I love. You and me, and Rosie." He turned to smile at the little girl. "I love our little family, and I love what our relationship has become. And I don't need some damn holiday to show that."
“So, it’s for somebody who loves somebody,” said John.
All three men turned their gaze from the monitor to the casket. What were they supposed to do with an empty casket? It wasn’t very big, that’s for sure.
“Stole what?” The detective asked, his voice low.
"John...! Stop teasing...!" he whined before letting out a sound that could only be described as a human squeak. John let his tongue lazily lick along the trail of fine hairs on Sherlock's pelvis and it made the normally elegant detective react in a way that would have been embarrassing if he was with anyone else other than John. He leaned up on his elbows to watch John drive him crazy but found his head too heavy with stimulation to keep from rolling backwards - especially when John started to kiss along Sherlock's pubic bone and his hands started to slowly slide his boxers down.
John looked back out at his flatmate to see him now looking down at his lap, arms now wrapped around himself.
“You said earlier that Saint Valentine didn’t even do anything that involved love, but you’re wrong,” John continued; a small chuckle playing out in his voice when Sherlock tilted his head slightly like a confused little puppy. “Saint Valentine was imprisoned for performing weddings for soldiers that were forbidden to marry,” John informed. “Which, I think, is not only noble… but very appropriate in this situation,” he smiled.
The sunlight slipped into the room through the window and illuminated Sherlock's face, causing him to slowly awake from his sleep. He groaned like a little kid being woken up by their parents and turned over so his face no longer got the brunt of the bright sun. It was no use however, his body had decided that he was awake, no matter how much he protested. He brought his hand up to rub his eyes as he slowly opened them. He blinked a few times in confusion when he saw a vase of beautiful red roses standing on his nightstand. He raised his hand up to feel one of the flowers. They were real, but where did they come from? Why were they here?
The detective turned towards the screen but he looked directly into the camera in the corner of the room. His hurt was now anger. Angry that she had ripped his deepest emotions out of him without his consent, angry that she made him stand naked and vulnerable in front of John with no way to protect himself, angry that because of her, John couldn’t even look at him anymore, and angry that she thought all of this was a fun joke.
he shot Magnusson? Do you know
..." he finished with bite to Sherlock's clavicle.
Sherlock matched his smirk and let his fingers card through John's hair before giving it a small tug. "Maybe you can change my mind about this holiday..." he murmured, his voice a clear octave deeper than normal.
“You said only two can play this game, so I’m putting my best men on the job.”
“Five people that you care for, correct?” Eurus asked in a rather chipper voice. “Five people that you would do anything for, yes—“
*~ Later that night ~*
"Well..." The blonde had to let out a puff of air, not knowing what to say. "Uhm... Well... If they won't tell the truth, then we can."
John didn’t even know he was lost in his own thoughts until the muffled, distant sound of Sherlock’s voice called him back up to the surface. He snapped his eyes closed, feeling them suddenly become very dry. His hand came up to rub his eyes before straightening his shoulders and standing upright to face his flatmate – his armor going up.
Sherlock opened the camera on his phone and turned it to selfie mode as he brought John as close as he could to him. He smiled the sweetest smile down at his boyfriend before reconnecting their lips for another passionate kiss. As they kissed he took pictures of them, hoping there was at least one decent one in the bunch. He also took a picture of John kissing his cheek while he smiled - both men looking absolutely in love and happy.
“You called yourself a fake up on that roof, Sherlock, because it’s true. You’ve been faking since that very first night, haven’t you?” Eurus taunted.
The hallway filled with Rosie's laughter as she played with the balloon she received at the restaurant. "You were a very good girl tonight," Sherlock cooed as he carried her up to their flat. "So well-behaved. You put that ten-year-old boy to shame with your manners," he said with a kiss to her head.
"Let's do it," Sherlock whispered when they finally parted for air.
"She must know today is a special day," John said as he shrugged off his coat before helping Sherlock with his.
“Did you hear that, baby girl? Papa said yes to me,” he said, kissing her head.
"That's not how it happened."
"--sex, I remember," John finished for him. "Yet, I don't remember you complaining as you finished off the box of chocolates I gave you... And you
Sherlock took another deep breath and looked down at his shoes for a moment before returning to John’s gaze. “I thought I was never going to see you again, John. You had been the best friend, and most incredible man that I had ever had the pleasure of knowing… And I knew I would regret it for the rest of my life if I didn’t tell you,” he said, voice cracking slightly as his true feelings started to rise up.
Sherlock looked down at the object in his hand before looking up at John and Mycroft. His eyes quickly shifted back down to the white canvas on the floor, and it was suddenly very clear what this game would be.
"No Sherlock, they're for my
Sherlock grunted slightly and reached his hand around to give John a small slap on his arse. It was too early for sarcasm. John started to laugh and kissed Sherlock's shoulder again. "Of course they're for you, babe. I want today to be special from start to finish."
The detective stood up slowly and turned around so that he faced John. In one brief second he could see the slight confusion in John’s face as he looked at him, and it made Sherlock close his eyes again as a defense mechanism.
John walked slowly back from the bedroom and leaned against the doorframe of the kitchen, the sweetest smile on his face. He could see every cog in Sherlock's head turning as he looked over the ring. He could see so many thoughts and emotions play out on his face as he weighed it in his hand and allowed his finger to trace over the smooth curve of it. This was a moment that John would never forget as long as he lived.
Sherlock cursed himself as he felt his bottom lip tremble and he immediately closed his eyes and turned his head slightly to look away from John. He wanted to melt into the floor. He wanted to crawl into the coffin and be buried alive. He wanted those snipers to turn on him and shoot. He would have taken any form of torture over these heartbreaking thoughts and feelings.
"Our daughter needs something, I can't just leave her crying," John said, not even trying to hide his amusement. "Besides, you have a hand, don't ya?"
“Mycroft,” he started, looking at his brother. “I don’t think I ever thanked you for everything you did for me when I overdosed – the first,
The brunette still sitting on the sofa hadn't moved a muscle the entire last half hour of the episode. He was ringing his hands together under the blanket as he stared ahead at the television.
“You have to choose. Family or friend? Mycroft or John Watson?”
Sherlock gave Mycroft a small nod of thanks and stood up with his brother’s help. He straightened his jacket and wiped the dust off before starting towards the open door – back into battle.
The detective grunted again and slapped John's thigh this time. What did he say about the sarcasm?? Too. Early.
Sherlock then turned to look at John and couldn’t help but smile. “And you, John Watson… you’ve saved me more times than you could ever imagine, in so many ways. I will always love you.” He saw John’s jaw tighten as he kept eye contact with him.
weren't complaining today in the shower..." he smirked.
“You jumped off that roof, and unknowingly shattered the life of your best friend,” Eurus continued.
Sherlock stood back up and took in a deep breath to clear his head. The room turned red as Moriarty’s face came on the screen to hurry Sherlock up with his decision. He stepped back so he was equal distance from Mycroft and John.
“—What are you playing at?!” Sherlock interrupted, his breathing coming in a little faster than he would have wanted.
Mycroft’s chin trembled a little in anger, not used to being yelled at by his little brother. He turned around and sulked slightly back towards the wall. He didn’t mean to yell; but this was a very high-stakes situation that Eurus had put them in. And it was basically all resting on Sherlock’s shoulders. He did pity him though – he couldn’t imagine what must be going on in his little brother’s head.
“And I told you that there was always something I wanted to tell you? You remember that?”
“Someone around 5’4’’, probably a woman,” Sherlock deduced. “It’s a cheaper looking coffin but not shabby, so someone who doesn’t have a lot of money, but isn’t a bum either… Perhaps middle class? Working class?”
Rosie made a happy little sound as she wrapped her arms around both John’s and Sherlock’s leg, hugging into them. The two men looked down at the little girl and laughed softly as they both wiped their eyes. John bent down to pick her up and held her close in between both of them.
,” Mycroft corrected. “This is all about you, everything here.” Both men turned their heads towards the detective and watched as he turned back towards the casket; his mind already going into overdrive to try to solve this puzzle.
“I told you…
my brother jumped off that roof? Do you know
“Seven years ago, I came back to London, and didn’t really know if I was even going to make it to see another year,” John started, his own eyes becoming glassy. He really had been so alone when he met Sherlock, and he really did owe him so much. “But then I met this very tall, very smart, very gorgeous man, and I let him borrow my phone." Both men huffed out a chuckle at that, memories swirling around both of their heads.
"You can't just leave me with my cock throbbing like this!"
“Irene Adler,” he said, looking up at his flatmate.
“Wait,” John said, stepping forward and interjecting. “Out of the three of us, only two of us are geniuses, and we all know it’s not me,” he said. “You two could outsmart Moriarty, you can take down your sister. I’d probably just get in the way.” When those words left John’s mouth, his face turned pale and his eyes suddenly turned glassy. “You don’t need me.” He was a soldier, and soldiers accepted death.
“Alright then, since you’re playing dumb, let’s add some incentive,” Eurus said, those last few words practically slithering out of her mouth like a poisonous snake. The screen then changed to show four different surveillance videos. “Now tell me Sherlock, what are you looking at?” came his sister’s voiceover.
And then the symphony of text alerts and emails and notifications started flooding in from Sherlock's phone. The two men just looked from the phone to each other before busting out in a fit of giggles.
"Oh, I think this is one you'll never forget," John growled back with a predatory smile. He dipped his head back down and let the tip of his nose nuzzle along the line of soft, dark hair that led from the detective's navel and disappeared under the waistband of his boxers. Sherlock's whole body twitched in a shiver before wrapping his legs around John's body - almost like a horny reflex.
Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion as he watched them go. Was this another Valentine’s Day ritual? Were they getting the flowers from the nightstand? The detective slipped his suit jacket off and put it on the arm rest just as he saw Rosie running back to Sherlock out of the corner of his eye.
think I would be stupid enough to risk them noticing a red dot on them while I waited for you to finish up your sap fest?” The laughter that filled the room was cruel and mocking. “No, no, no, Sherlock. They’re all perfectly safe. I just needed a way for you to speed up your cute little love confession.”
Sherlock's cheeks blushed a deep red as he went to sit on the sofa. Point taken.
..." he said with a small chuckle, always interested in the dozens nicknames and codes the fans created for the show over the years. "Hashtag...
"They treated my sister like she was some sort of psychopathic monster and she wasn't. She was just lost and scared and.. and... and Redbeard! What gives them the right to just write out my dog like he didn't exist? This is not what they said they had in mind when we met up with them over the summer."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I already told you, there's nothing special about a made up holiday. It's just an excuse for chocolates and--"
consulting detective, and I had never had more fun, nor been
"But if they weren't going to do it, then why did they interview us, asking about how we finally came out to each other, hmm? And what was the point of putting in the scene on my birthday with the hug?"
"Cause it is. It's Valentine's Day."
Or at least, that’s what he kept telling himself whenever his thoughts found their way back to the tall detective with beautiful icy eyes and sharp cheekbones that he would have loved to kiss.
his torture. This is what Eurus had wanted all along. A fun game at her brother’s expense.
John purred softly against the delicate skin of Sherlock's neck and started to lick lightly at the area behind his ear - eliciting a small moan out of the detective. The cheeky doctor let his hand slide down Sherlock's side and along the long leg curled around his waist. He snaked it back up to give his boyfriend a nice pat on the arse followed by a delicious squeeze that left Sherlock withering for more.
holiday," he smirked up at his boyfriend. Sherlock looked down at him and
"Maybe they were respecting our privacy. I mean, we're not even out to the public yet, so maybe they thought outing us would be overstepping their boundaries."
"I think... the reason why I don't care for this 'holiday' is because, people shouldn't feel the need to show love and affection on just this
"I take it your lack of communication on any level means you didn't like it?" John asked, looking at Sherlock through the opening in the door frame. "I mean, it wasn't as good as last week's, but I don't think I minded--"
“What are you talking about?” he asked.
He went to stand behind John and waited until he finished with the tea to turn him around and kiss him passionately. The doctor's eyes widened slightly but soon closed when the detective cupped his face and deepened the embrace.
“No, I won’t. Time to tell the truth, dear brother. You know
“So, who loves you?” his brother continued. “I’m assuming it’s not a long list.”
"Alright, we have plenty of time to experiment more with camera work later," John smirked, reading exactly what was dancing around in that giant brain of Sherlock's. "Just pick one out for Twitter, will ya?"
He had so easily told Mary’s ghost that he couldn’t be the man that she had wanted him to be because she was a figment of his imagination. But saying anything to the flesh and blood detective that was standing right in front of him, John couldn’t bring any words to the surface. Because he was scared too. Because facing Sherlock’s truth meant facing his as well, and he wasn’t ready to do that. Not just yet.
John's smile grew three times its size at Sherlock's words. He promised himself he'd do it when the time was right, and right now, it was perfect.
Sherlock's eyes snapped away from his own thoughts and looked down at John. "Like what?"
“Seeing me with someone else?” he repeated softly, more to himself to go over the words Sherlock had just said. “Sherlock, I still don’t understand what that day has to do wi—“ But the ex-army doctor cut himself off, everything suddenly clicking together in his head.
“You have no right to talk about that day or about me,” John said, his voice dangerously low and angry. “You know
“But seeing Mary behind you…” Now his voice
Sherlock's body shivered slightly from the touch, but he scooted closer to his boyfriend and wrapped his arms - and leg, for that matter - around him.
"Break the internet."
“And if I choose not to play?”
“A gift for me? What is it?” Sherlock asked with a playful tone in his voice. The playfulness was replaced with a soft gasp of surprise. In the little girl’s hand, there was a golden ring.
"Within a few hours, I was wrapped up in this new, exciting world of crime scenes and sexy deductions with the world's
The doctor's smile grew, and walked over to the two. “Thank you so much for all your help, Rosie,” he said as he picked his daughter up and kissed her cheek. He put her down and took the ring from Sherlock before bringing him to stand up, holding his hand. The detective was biting his lip as he blinked down at John, trying as hard as he could to keep his tears from leaving his eyes.
“Always the dramatic, aren’t you Sherlock,” Eurus said, gazing at him with a tilt of her head. That teasing, mock-innocent smile ever present. “Now, come on, one last puzzle for you…” she said as the door on the other side of the room slid open.
"Do what?" John asked, voice breathy and knees weak.
“Yes, very good Sherlock, or we can just look at the name on the lid.”
The reason why Sherlock always sabotaged John’s dates, the reason why he seemed so reserved when they were planning the wedding, the reason why he looked so sad for the brief second when he told them Mary was expecting, the reason behind every time he turned back to the hard drugs, the reason why Magnussen said John was Sherlock’s pressure point, the true meaning behind what Sherlock had wanted to say on the tarmac… it was all so clear now.
Mycroft walked over to his brother and knelt down to put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He couldn’t even imagine what was going on in his little brother’s head, but he wanted him to know that he was here for him. Mycroft always saw Sherlock as the lost little five-year-old that he could protect, and now more than ever did the older man want to protect his brother from the pain that was splattered across his face.
Moriarty’s face burst on the screen to heighten the tension in the room. “Tick tock brother dear… Or your friends will all be seeing red…” Eurus taunted.
"Amazing," John answered before kissing Sherlock back, wrapping his arms around him. "How long do you think until someone notic--"
“What would you like me to say?” he asked, his voice cold and strained. He didn’t mean to sound that harsh, but he wasn’t in his right mind. It was like his own fear had seized up his brain.
He looked at John one last time before raising the gun and pointing back at himself, at his stomach.
John laughed softly and moved to look up at Sherlock before leaning in to give him a small peck. "Yeah, I thought for sure that was the one thing they were going to write in. Especially after all that talk about this episode being 'ground-breaking' and 'history- making.'" He got up from his knees and brushed himself off before returning back to the kitchen. "Maybe next season, if there's another."
"Well, for your information, Mr. I-Know-Everything, it's Valentine's Day."
danger!”
"I mean, if you really feel like the fans deserve to know the truth about our relationship, then we can very easily tell them." He fished out Sherlock's phone from his pocket and looked it over. "One tweet, and we could break the internet," he said with a cheeky smile. "Since, you've found a new interest in Twitter--"
"Don't. You. Fucking. Dare," he murmured, his tone soft but strong with a hint of desperation.
"Yes! Oh my god, yes," Sherlock whimpered, feeling his heartbeat in his groin as all the blood redirected itself there.
John cocked an eyebrow and leaned back slightly, taking in more of Sherlock to read him over. "Are you serious? You really don't know what today is?"
He really did want to come out. He wanted everyone to know how happy he was with John Watson as his boyfriend. But was he only doing it now because some writers hadn't included it in the show about his life? It took the kettle wailing for him to come back to the surface, and when he did, his mouth curved into a smile that would make the devil blush.
“Wrong.” Eurus’ face came back onto the monitor and she had the look of utter annoyance on her face. “Really Sherlock? And I thought you were cleverer than that. I give you all the clues and you can’t even put them together? Please tell me, how are you still in business?” Now she was just mocking him.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, Doctor Watson, such a temper you have…” she smirked at him. “You should be thanking me! If not for me, Sherlock would have never had the nerve to finally tell you how he felt about you! And you as a doctor should know that bottling something like that up for so long isn’t good for one’s health.” Her icy eyes shifted to look at Sherlock and her smirk curled up even more. “Aww, look at my brother… He’s
As soon as the words left John’s mouth, it was like a dagger had been shoved into Sherlock’s heart. That was it then, John didn’t need to say anymore. He tried as best as he could to keep his face neutral, to not show the pain and heartbreak that was eating up his insides, but even the world’s only consulting detective couldn’t help his eyes from turning glassy again as his stomach squeezed itself into a knot.
"Hashtag...
"I agree with everything you said. I love you so much Sherlock, and I love that you have accepted Rosie as your own daughter. And I vow to show you that love every day of my life." He cupped the back of his head and brought him in for a loving kiss.
John snorted a chuckle and ran his fingers through Sherlock's messy curls. "It may be the most commercialized holiday, but it's still a holiday - recognized by everyone," he finished quickly when Sherlock was about to argue. "And even if you think it's stupid, I think it's a romantic day," he continued as he slid down the bed so he was face to face with Sherlock. "And there's no one I'd rather spend it with than you." He leaned in and brushed his lips against Sherlock's neck in a soft kiss.
confused; and it made Sherlock huff out a small laugh, relaxing him. They were the same eyes he saw after they came home from chasing a criminal. They were the same eyes that lit up whenever he made a rather impressive deduction. And they were the same eyes that he had looked into for the past seven years, hoping.
“Yes! Oh god, yes John!” Sherlock exclaimed, smile even wider than John’s as he offered him his hand. John slipped the ring on before standing up and bringing Sherlock in for the most romantic, passionate kiss he had ever given him.
“We’ve been through countless adventures Sherlock, and along the way, I not only found the best friend that I could ever ask for, but I also fell in love with him.”
“Molly.”
“For Christ sake, Sherlock!” Mycroft exclaimed suddenly, his own breathing a little faster than a moment prior. “Tell us who you love! This isn’t a game anymore, these are
Rosie smiled big and looked to Sherlock before reaching over to wrap her arms around the detective’s neck. Sherlock laughed and hugged her close, kissing her blonde hair.
Both Sherlock and John looked over at Mycroft before walking to him. Mycroft turned the lid around to reveal a small golden nameplate that was attached.
John tightened his jaw as he looked at her while Sherlock kept his face as neutral as he could.
His confession just hung there in the air, suffocating the room. This is why Sherlock had never acted upon his feelings, this is why he tried as hard as he could to push sentiment out of his life; this is what he had been terrified of.
“You horrid, sick, fucking bitch!” John exclaimed, practically charging the monitor as if Eurus was actually standing there. “So all of this was for nothing?! You just wanted to watch Sherlock say those things for your own sick pleasure?!”
John bit his lip and glanced only for a moment in Mycroft’s direction. He knew the man was trying to make a joke and make light of this situation but it wasn’t a joke. They had already witnessed five people die today, and that was five more than John had ever wanted to see again. He crossed his arms and followed slowly behind Sherlock, trying just as hard to put the pieces together. Smaller woman who loved Sherlock…
... Hashtag...
Sherlock quickly shot that down, someone else already on his mind. “Don’t be ridiculous, look at the coffin… Unmarried, practical about death… Alone.”
"She has perfect timing, doesn't she?" John smirked as he sat up on his knees. Almost as if by reflex, Sherlock hooked the heels of his feet around John's legs, trying to keep him held on the bed; the murderous, almost delirious look still in his eyes.
Sherlock didn’t dare steal a glance at John but he could feel the pain and anger radiating off him as he was forced to relive that moment.
John carefully watched Sherlock’s face, trying to pick up everything that was playing across his face. He was starting to ramble – a sign that he was nervous about something. Sherlock never got nervous though… “Pictured what?” he asked. “What are you talking about Sherlock?”
Sherlock eventually looked up to where John was standing, and his eyes watered up. “John?” he breathed, voice barely audible.
Sherlock opened his eyes and nodded in agreement with John as the shorter of the two leaned up on his tip toes and pressed soft kisses against the detective's damp cheeks.
“Yes, yes, and this, I presume will be their coffin,” Sherlock butted in. He was getting really tired of these ‘games’ that his sister was playing with them.
“Only two can play this game,” Eurus continued, confirming Sherlock’s thoughts. “It’s ‘make your mind up time.’ Who’s help do you need the most? John or Mycroft? It’s an elimination round: you choose one and kill the other.”
The sound of clapping filled the room through the speakers and Eurus’ face soon appeared back on the television screen.
“Though, it’s not really a name, is it?”
"But you love me." The corner of Sherlock's mouth quirked upwards as he attached the pictures to his tweet. "Alright, here goes nothing," he said as he pressed the send button. "And now we are officially out as boyfriends, John Watson," he smiled before sealing their lips back together again. "How does it feel?"
"Are they for me?" Sherlock asked.
"Only certain fans annoy me," he defended quickly, under his breath. "And since this is about us personally, and not about any case we did, I feel like they have the right to know the truth. They've waited long enough, they've had these clues dangled in front of their faces like meat to wolves... I don't know, I just don't like when innocent people are cheated and I feel like the writers cheated and hurt a lot of people tonight." His words quickened slightly during this small rant and his cheeks bore a rosy hue to them - proof of his sentiment. John couldn't help but smile up at him like the proud, admiring boyfriend he was.
cracked and his eyes became glassy all of a sudden. “I couldn’t do it. You were so happy with her, and I couldn’t be selfish. I had been selfish so many times before with your dates and girlfriends because I wanted you for myself… But I couldn’t do that anymore.”  He sniffled and wiped the hot tears away harshly. “No matter how much it hurt seeing you with someone else.”
was it beautiful to see the great Sherlock Holmes flustered and titillated.
The dagger was pushed in even deeper, embarrassment was setting in fast.
John’s eyes widened slightly as he looked at Sherlock through a whole new lens. His own cheeks were started to burn as Sherlock’s unsaid words hung in the air. He broke away from the detective’s eyes only to look at that coffin on the table. It wasn’t for Molly, or Irene, or any woman, it was for
John couldn't help but smile fondly and shake his head as he walked back into the sitting room. "Well, they did stick to the gist of what they told us," he said as he knelt in front of Sherlock. "And you know television writers - they have to exaggerate a few things to make the story exciting and thrilling." He wrapped his arms around the brunette's hips, bringing him forward on the sofa and out of his pout.
… He likes when you defend him, Doctor Watson,” she mocked.
... Hashtag...
“What snipers?”
he turned back to drugs? Or why he does
He knew what he had to do.
That was it, that was the last straw. Sherlock was done being a puppet for his sister. He was done being laughed at and mocked and he was done being trapped in this twisted Saw trap that she had developed for them. He walked back over to the coffin and started to smash it. He needed to get his anger out, he needed to destroy the object that started this whole debacle. This is what she had wanted all along. She had made the coffin intended for John because she knew Sherlock’s confession would kill any sort of relationship – friend or romantic – they had.
All three men looked over at the light pooling through the opening, beckoning for them to enter.
“Happy Valentine’s Day, baby,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock looked like his head was going to explode and John was loving every second of it. In the end, the detective settled for crossing his arms over his chest and sinking into a pout. "Worst Valentine's Day ever," he grumbled like a five-year-old, not even looking at John anymore.
"Just admit that you liked today," John said as he joined him. "It's okay to say that you've enjoyed our
The way both of their eyes were half closed as they looked at each other with lust, it made the detective's mouth go dry; and he discovered that he quite liked the way they looked on camera.
second time,” he said, biting down on his lip as he started to feel choked up. “We’ve been so childish these past few years with our stupid pride, but I hope you know how much I admire you.”
John laughed and gave Sherlock one more kiss before getting off the bed and walking out to retrieve their daughter.
Sherlock shook his head no as he turned over to cuddle fully into John's chest.
The three men walked into the new room and were greeted by nothing but the static sounds coming from the blank television, and a small, open casket in the center.
"You really are cheesy," John said fondly before sipping his tea.
“John please say something,” Sherlock pleaded in a desperate whisper, needing something,
The confession should have brought relief and happiness, or at least that’s the image that always danced around the detective’s head whenever he allowed himself to imagine it. But that had been a fantasy. In reality, the confession left Sherlock feeling miserable and vulnerable with tears streaking down his cheeks, staining them.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as he brow furrowed in confusion. He turned back to look at the monitor and saw the red dots disappear from his friends and parents.
Sherlock didn't react at all. He just made a small "hmm," sound as he nuzzled his face into John's warmth.
The detective practically climbed into the casket himself to analyze the lacy bedding and texture of wood while his brother took a more practical approach and went to look at the lid that was propped up against the wall.
was love…
John couldn't wipe the smugness off his face even if he tried to. He reached down and unhooked Sherlock's feet before raising his legs up and kissing his calves as he slid off the bed.
and all.”
Sherlock's eyebrow furrowed and cocked up slightly at the same time. "What do you mean?"
“Stop it, please,” the detective whispered brokenly.
“Now, back to the matter at hand – coffin,” came Eurus’ voice, her face appearing on the monitor. “Problem – someone is about to die. It will be as I understand a tragedy. So many days not lived, so many words unsaid, etc. etc. etc… etc.”
John in his life, more than anything. And despite what it may look like on the outside, he loved his brother more than he would ever admit. He stepped back and squatted down, putting his head in his hands.
, to break this smothering silence.
"Well, if you don't like it, do something about it," he said.
"Made up holiday, created by the greeting card business for their own self worth. People like to believe it's in honor of Saint Valentine, but he had nothing to do with love," Sherlock rattled off like an encyclopedia.
“Stop it!” Sherlock yelled, almost falling to the floor in a tizzy mess of limbs. He closed his eyes again and took a deep breath. It was time to stop being scared. He had to do it.
“So…” He took the ring from Sherlock’s hand and got down on one knee. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes… will you marry me?”
Mycroft gave him a deadpan look and rolled his eyes. “Sherlock, you just told this man that you loved him a moment ago,” he said as he looked over at John. His eyes were softer than usual as he looked over the doctor before looking back at his brother. “You and I both know that I don’t stand a chance when it comes to me versus Doctor Watson.”
“When what happened?” John asked, his voice barely audible. He finally tore his eyes away from the coffin to look back up at his flatmate. He was greeted with blue eyes that were so distressed and so lost, he could have sworn he was talking to the victim rather than the detective.
Eurus just gave her brother a deadpan look, the very same one that Sherlock gave John whenever he was being obvious or asked an ‘idiotic question.’ John had to bite his lip to stop himself from chuckling – yup, she was
“I played by your rules, now call off the snipers,” he growled, the vein in his forehead popping.
“We’ve been tricked before…”  Molly answered as she dropped her clothing on the floor.
“I’m sorry.” John mumbled.
“Vatican Cameos!” John’s cry was desperate.
“No.” I answered from my chair.
I smirked, half amused.  It had been more like a full minute.  But he was my quickest.  Perhaps it was because I actually wanted him.
“Where is the fun in that?  He’s just a sex toy to you.”
“You can’t help it.  It’s the mortal inside of you.  It will fade away as you become more like us.”  Mary smiled at him.
“That’s good to know.” John stated.
“Trouble in paradise?” Lestrade asked Sherlock.  For the first time since Detective Inspector met John, the army doctor was not giggling with Sherlock at a crime scene.  In fact the army doctor stood a fair distance away, seeming to be unconcerned by the case.
“I’m just there for pleasure.  You need the pleasure.  I can give you that if that’s all you want from me.”
It was on his first night back from the future when he finally went to bed.  Watson entered the bedroom and looked Sherlock over from head to foot as he stood in his night shirt.  “Do you again need assistance tonight?”
“I didn’t think you wanted a relationship like this.”
“Oh John…” Mary shook her head and made a face.  “You shouldn’t have been dragged off by this group.  You abandoned your mate at the altar.”
John balled his fists under his thighs.
“I thought you were just as lost and lonely as I was.  I thought that was why you asked me to come live with you… you lost your pack too… because you won’t mate the females your alpha offered you.  But you still crave the companionship.”  John got up and headed for the laundry room to put the sheets in the dryer.  Feeling more than a little hurt he avoided Sherlock for the rest of the day.
John’s wedding day… Filled with pomp and circumstance.  The king threw a royal party and it seemed the whole kingdom was invited.  Well… Perhaps not the entire kingdom.  But there had been a war and people ached for something to give them the sense of celebration they had not seen in a long time.  Lords and ladies were invited to the palace in order to pay their respects to the king and the king fancied a party while they were there.  Lord John’s wedding was just a small part of the festivities.
“Wouldn’t want that.”  Magnussen sneered and undid the lacings of his trousers.  With a turn he let loose a stream of urine into a nearby vase, letting it splash onto the stone floor with his carelessness before he was through.  With a shake he deposited his cock back into his trousers and tied them again.  “Gods save the king.”  And with that he slipped away.
Sherlock cleared his throat and stared down at himself.  “Are you sure it’s not because… you’re naked?”
“Then why haven’t I been called to court?”
“Why?”
Sherlock’s fingers reached down to hook the waistband of his sweats, pushing them down a couple of inches before returning this hands to his sides.
“Unless you don’t want to be…” His voice trailed off as he stared at the cuts and bruises on my face.  “If your Alpha hurts you, you know you have options.”
Sherlock slouched back on the bed, thoroughly exhausted.  This was one of the reasons he never engaged in masturbation unless he absolutely had to.  It always wiped him out.
We moved together like we were made for it.  My arms and legs wrapped around him, to keep him in place as he rubbed our hips together.  The friction was delicious and I ached to kiss him.  But I dared not.  Instead I was satisfied with him grinding against me as I bit my lips to keep them to myself.
“She says that without her, she knows what we’ll become.”
Sherlock wasn’t very skilled, but he made up for skill with enthusiasm.  Both hands wrapped around John’s considerable length as his mouth licked and sucked on the head.  With a little whimper the faun stilled and a shot of cum landed on John’s inner thigh.
“What we have is unhealthy.  I know.  Molly tells me it’s not right.”
John blushed.  How had Sherlock known where he was staring?  But he obeyed the command and squatted on the ground beside the other lord.  “What is it?”
Sherlock looked out the window as the car pulled away from the curb and started on their trip to the country.  When Rosie took his hand and played with his fingers, he allowed her.
--Fini
When we came to the third room I was confronted with a casket with “I love you” on the lid.  Immediately I imagined I would have to kill my Alpha, father of my baby.  But it was worse than that.  I had to tell Molly that I loved her while John listened.  And I knew what the casket meant.  My love for my Alpha had to die without ever saying the words I wanted to say to him.  Those words would kill us even as they gave life to Molly.
“How are you?” Molly asked, timidly.
John glanced up at Sherlock before returning his attention to Mary.  “I think I would like us to have a friend.”
“The experience, John.  I never used those missing condoms.  I threw them away.”
Sherlock glanced at his guard.  “Yes?”
At that moment Greg released his Glamour and returned to his mortal form.  “That was nasty!”
“You saved John!” Sherlock seemed to be in shock.  “You changed into a werewolf and saved John.”
John scooted down and pulled Sherlock’s trousers off, tossing them away so only his tunic remained.  “What do you want, Lord Sherlock?”
Someone approached John and he could sense when they sat beside him.  “I want to check on him.”  Sherlock’s voice was very close.
“I’m not sad.” Sherlock responded.  “I’m just a little tired.”
I had been intrigued by her.  And her attempt at seducing me had made me aware of the jealousy of a certain Army doctor when it came to rivals for my attention.  But I never slept with her.  “I haven’t.”
“Not an option.  What other skills do you have aside from rebellion?”
John pressed his face to Sherlock’s chest.  “On one condition.”
“What about Rosie?”
“I know WHAT he is.”
John smirked and nodded.  “Even MORE excited than you had been just sitting beside me.  I had my head on your thigh and I could smell the change very clearly.”
John cursed quietly and rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock.  “How much did you hear?”
It broke my heart that because of what I’d done, John would never say those words ever again.
“John, will you have dinner with me tonight?”
“Once was enough for me.  I don’t go out seeking honor.”
John made a confused face at me.
“Don’t be daft, Sherlock… John is your age.  I was hardly old enough to father anyone your age.”
Lestrade pushed past Lord John to enter the room.  He knelt to stare down at the man bleeding out on the floor.  “You’ve been practicing.”
Sherlock sat on the couch, feet up on the coffee table.  On the telly Chef Ramsey was going through someone’s walk-in, completely disgusted by the rotten food and mold he found.
His legs felt heavy as he got to his feet.  “As you wish, master.”  Quickly he made his way to his bedroom and shut the door.  Shedding his pajamas he lounged upon the bed, unsure how to position himself in the most pleasing position.  What would John want to see?  What would make John want to fuck him?  In the end he decided that simplicity was best and he lay atop the duvet, hands folded on his chest.  Time seemed to stand still.  A glance at the clock showed him that only five minutes had passed.  What was taking John so long?  Already his erection was beginning to wane.  After fifteen minutes he rolled over onto his side and pulled his knees to his chest, staring at the clock… Watching each passing minute.
“You’ll be a good girl for your nana and papa?”
“John?  I’m really quite good at it… Or so I’ve been told.”
The faun tugged at John’s clothing, his fingers awkwardly trying to undo buttons.  But either he never encountered them before or he was out of practice.  Finally he gave up with a sigh of frustration.  “You are wearing too many clothes!  You must be naked when we enter into the fairy realm.”
“Thank god…” Sherlock breathed, wiping his fingers on his trouser leg.
John blinked a few times in confusion.  “You read my tags?”  Self-consciously he glanced down at his dog tags.
“Your seed!”  Sherlock excitedly showed his ejaculate covered hand.  “This is good… We can find you a lady and…”
The next few days were filled with a case.  Sherlock worked on them as if he was back in his own century.  The work was intriguing.  On the second day the case was over and Sherlock found himself in his sitting room with Watson sitting on the settee, reading the newspaper.
“You have that backwards.”  The king growled.
“That’s good to know.”
“We are where a young William Sherlock Scott Holmes learned to smoke.”  Sherlock answered, leaning against the tree and pulling John to stand facing him.
Sherlock cried out at the sudden sensation of being encased by John’s body heat.  His hands gripped John’s knees as the other man rode him hard.  Too soon his body fell over the edge and he climaxed.  It wasn’t really his fault that his lack of experience came with a lack of stamina.
“Confusing…” Molly mused.
Sherlock smirked.  “So… You will.”
I took a deep breath and bit my lips to keep from screaming. I wanted to scream.  I wanted to throw him off of me and yell at him.  But I remained silent.
“You didn’t force me.”  I cut in.
I stopped playing and stared at her, unsure how she knew.
I shook my head at his words.  There was no other Alpha for me.  No other Alpha wanted me.  I was Undesirable.  “No Alpha wants me now.” I informed him.
John took a deep breath and assessed his partner.  Shaking his head, he looked away.
I nodded and kissed the scar near his clavicle.
“It’s Sherlock.”  Sherlock answered as he reached out to touch John’s face and kiss him breathless.  “I will always be your Sherlock.”
“You can help?”  I found his echo to be monotonous.
“It was a ruse to gain entry into your household… That is true.”  Sherlock mused.  “But it wasn’t to harm you.  There is a man in your army… A very dangerous man.  His name is Moriarty but you wouldn’t know him by that name.  I had to get close in order to find him.  My brother had to pay tribute… He planned to send bed slaves.  A male and a female because he didn’t know your taste in bed partners.  What is one more bed slave?  Once in your bed I could do my work.”
“Not that I’ve ever shagged anyone before.  But if it gives you peace of mind…”
My hands caught his wrists and held them over his head on the mattress.  I wanted him to tie me down and claim me.  Maybe one day…
Sherlock nodded and changed.  The change was immediate.  One moment he had goat legs and the next moment he did not.  His legs were long and pale.  His bare feet were big with long toes.  His cock remained the same length and girth as his Fae form.  Horns disappeared and pointy ears rounded out.
“She meant for you to burn out my heart, John.”
John fell onto the grass by a stream.  Out of breath and laughing, he was intoxicated by his companions.  All the places they had been blurred together and he couldn’t remember his last name.  But he didn’t care.  A giggle escaped him.  “Wassle!  I’m John Wassle.”
Sherlock gave half a smile, gently touching John’s cheek.  “Until the day you grow tired of me and want something more.”
“What does it say?” John asked.
Sherlock nodded and ran a hand through his hair, sodden curls forming.  “Take off your clothes.”
I lay back on the bed, my feet on the mattress so I could lift my hips.  If John was to take me, I would have him face to face or not at all.  A part of me wanted to roll over onto my hands and knees and take the more traditional breeding position… But if this was to be my one and only experience with my Alpha, then I wanted to remember what he looked like when he filled me.
“Just do it.” Sherlock answered.  A sharp grunt escaped him as he felt John’s hand cup him through his pajamas, not expecting that sort of warmth or pressure in such a sensitive place.  John’s hand was firm and strong.  It explored him a moment before wrapping around his girth outside of his pajamas and stroking him.  It wasn’t exactly what Sherlock had in mind.  Vaguely he knew he needed more skin contact.  But he was unwilling to push John past his comfort zone.
Sherlock paused in his pacing to look at him.  That’s all he did, look.  They had looked at him through the eye holes of the peacock mask and they looked at him now.  “I know.” Sherlock’s answer was soft and he resumed his pacing.  “You’re a good fit.”
“No?”  John sat up and reached for a tissue to wipe them clean.
“It doesn’t matter… I’ll track him down!  I’ll stuff his cock into his own mouth and see how he likes it!”
John turned to look at the man standing beside them, dressed in a monk’s robe.  Sherlock was learning over them and was holding Irene’s wrist.  As John pulled away he saw what Irene held… What scratched him.  She held a dagger.  “What?”
“What about me being an animal?”
John took off his Glamour and knelt beside Sherlock.  “Are you, ok?”
Sherlock sat up a bit and looked down to John’s open thighs, his arse exposed.  The movement was so very… easy… and the hole seemed to be open and eager for him to push into.  A part of him wanted to do it… to enter John and experience real sex for the first time.  But another part of him was terrified what that would mean… what if John left him?  There was much to be said for not knowing what you are missing… once he got a taste of sex… could he forget it if John left him?  But werewolves don’t leave… they were faithful until the end.  John called him ‘mate.’
“Sherlock, she’s going to grow up thinking you are her father.” John was annoyed that he had to spell it out.  “That’s not something you can get bored with and change in a few years.  She is going to feel a connection to you that will last her whole lifetime.”
I squeezed my internal muscles down below, feeling him lodged within me.  “No… You’re perfect.”
John perked up a bit and blinked back at Sherlock.
Sherlock hadn’t really thought about how John would get hard.  It was more of an assumption that when John took him, he would be ready.  Seeing John still half limp was distressing.  With another suck and a swirl of the tongue, he allowed the fingers to slip from his mouth.
Watson stood before his new slaves, looking at each in turn.  They were in his bed chambers.  All three stood before him with their eyes cast down to the ground.  “I wasn’t aware that slavery was still in practice here.  We don’t have it where I come from.”  Casually he paced before them.  “I don’t see the point of ordering someone to share my bed.  I’m not that kind of ruler.”  Stopping before Lestrade he leaned down to try to put himself in the man’s line of sight.  “Hello?  Do any of you speak?”
“I don’t know if you know this, Moll… But he can’t hold his liquor.” John indicated the man sitting across the room.
“You told me as much the first night we met!” John growled.
Sherlock swallowed hard, pulling his hand away from his abused genitals.  “I can’t… Finish.  It hurts…”
“They were rude for coming here!” Sherlock shot back.
“Am I?”  John asked with a frown.
“The wet nurse…” Molly began.
“What about you?” John asked.
And with that Sherlock was back under, holding his nose as John’s hands massaged the suds out of his hair and into the water.  Finally he broke surface and breathed normally as John continued to work the suds out.  They popped and fizzed around his ears.  A hand cradled the back of his head and pulled him up.  Another hand pushed the hair back from his eyes and he opened them to see John’s face, frowning in concern.  “John?”
“Why do you call me a pup?”
John reached down and took my hand, pulling me to my feet.  His embrace was warm and comforting.  I wanted to stay there in his arms forever.  I knew then we could work this out.  I had my Alpha, my John.
John gasped and turned around.  The fog was gone and they seemed to be in a clearing.  Every flower imaginable was in bloom and they were surrounded by lush life in an old forest.  “Wow… It’s… Beautiful.”
“I’ll lose you.” Sherlock whispered miserably.
“You’re always busy.”
“You call out Mary’s name.”
“You don’t think I boiled Moriarty’s skull to present it to you, do you?  But that’s not important right now.”
I shook my head, unable to tell him why I wanted to be done with it all.  I couldn’t tell him how much it hurt to watch the man I love in love with someone else and make a life with that person.
“No.  I think I will just wear my dressing gown.” Sherlock answered.
Sherlock gave a soft grunt and a sigh as he shifted his knees to open himself wider and allow the soldier room to work.  Eventually Sherlock grew impatient and pushed John’s hand away.  Taking position on top, he slowly easing down.  It was a tight fit and he moaned at the stretch.
“But you’ve already bedded me before…”
“No problem.” Greg answered.  “One moment I saw you struggling and the next moment I was that big, hairy beast.  I could smell him and hear him.  I knew I had to help you.”
For a moment Sherlock was jealous at whomever had taught the faun to fuck.  The detective did not like the thought that he was second to some other person.  But realistically the faun had practice somewhere, he was that good.  Within a few minutes Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from howling as his cock ejaculated.  He came and came and came some more.
“Come here.”  Casually he patted the edge of the bed, so I dutifully sat where he placed me.  “There’s something I have to show you.”  As he spoke he lifted the hem of his vest.  As he tossed his vest aside, he bowed his head in shame.
“He is unlike anything you’ve ever met before on the field of battle.”
Watson indicated the bed and Sherlock sat down upon it.  Watson sat beside him and caught the hem of Sherlock’s night shirt.  Quickly he pulled it up to reveal Sherlock’s naked cock.
“Yeah?  Well I didn’t care about what you wanted.  And something within me wanted you to feel bad.  So I kept saying her name.”
They did not speak of it… But a distance was growing.
Sherlock woke to the sound of growling.  Blinking open his eyes he focused on John in wolf form staring down Mycroft who was pressed to the door.
John leaned in and lightly kissed Sherlock on the lips.  Sherlock blinked as the faun pulled back, unsure what to make of action.  Was the kiss the payment?  Or was there something more?  The faun leaned in to kiss him again, deepening the kiss.  Suddenly Sherlock was hungry for the contact and wrapped his arms around the being before him, kissing him deeply.  Between them a heavy cock pressed against the front of the detective’s trousers.
Desperately John looked himself over before seeing his watch.  Quickly he pulled it off and set it in his shoe, cushioned by his sock.  “Am I going to die?”
“Shall I suck you off?” Sherlock murmured through his kisses.
John stood in the doorway, watching the scene, his eyes flicking back and forth between a horrified Mary and a drained Sherlock.
Sherlock closed the laptop lid.  “I suppose I’m asking if you will come with me tonight… to hunt the warg and his mate.”
“You were crying.”  John prompted.
I raised my knees and rested my elbows on them, staring out across the room.
Sherlock did not bother to look up from the body he was examining.
John looked away, too ashamed to meet Sherlock’s eyes.  “No one… Wanted me.”
Sherlock pulled John further away from the others into a side room that was rarely used.  “What would you have me do?”
“There are flesh-eating beetles?”  John queried, looking a little green around the gills.
“Have you ever tried changing before moonrise?  If you’re already a wolf…”
“Now you’re the one calling for the gods.”  John chuckled softly.
Sherlock scooted forward and looked down at the floor.  In a moment he was on his hands and knees on the floor, reaching for something under his music stand before turning around to face John.
“John…” Sherlock took several more shuddering breaths.  “I will survive as a cold, dry husk… But it will be as if my heart had been burned from me.  You are my heart.”
“Monogamy has its advantages.” John kissed his nose.
“Look!”  John pointed down to the juncture of his legs.  His genitals were gigantic!  They were too long and dipped towards the ground under their own weight.  “Holy…”
For a time they moved together, chasing their pleasure.  At some point John squirmed away and removed his vest and pants for more skin contact.  The removal of his clothing caused Sherlock to increase his grinding, bringing them both the much needed friction.  Sherlock was the first to go still, sending warm pulses of wet onto John’s stomach.  John quickly followed, his own semen mingling with mess on his stomach.
I shook my head at his words.  There was no other Alpha for me.  No other Alpha wanted me.  I was Undesirable.  “No Alpha wants me now.” I informed him.
Sherlock sat up and stared down at the lord.  “You have been to bed…? Surely…”
Sherlock followed him, turning off the light on the way.  “He took you.”
“I suppose those who are privileged to live in the keep need some open spaces.”  John remarked as he looked about.  “Take it in… This is the last time we’ll be allowed here since we are no longer favored of the king.”
John needed time to mourn.
Sherlock shut his eyes and shook his head.  “Just go.  You’ll be given a chest of coins and jewels for your service.”
“A place without stairs?”  Rosie queried.
Sherlock pressed his head back into the couch cushions and closed his eyes.  His fingers idly caressed his pack mate.  Soon he too was asleep.
“I promise I won’t bite you back… unless you ask me to.”
John stood up and caught the pacing detective during his next pass.  “Hey… I’m a soldier.”
“I must.”  Sherlock replied with a grin.
“Perhaps you should take a bath and go to bed.” Watson suggested.
“Stay?” He frowned.
Lord John climbed into the comfortable bed.  It was to be his wedding bed tomorrow night… But tonight…
Sherlock bit his lips and pondered the offer.  “I suppose that is acceptable.”
“I want you inside of me.”
My sinuses began to sting as I held back tears.  “Why, John?”
Sherlock made a face and looked about the throne room, making a dismissive gesture.  Immediately his brother, brother’s men and prisoner vacated the room leaving only Lestrade, Sherlock and John.  “Why are you acting like that?”
“His highness wishes for you to have heirs.”
Sherlock flicked his ice blue eyes to John and frowned.  “It must be a trick.”
“That doesn’t mean I want to have children with her.”
“I didn’t know until my first moon.  A servant whispered it to me.  I did not to believe it of my poor deceased mother.  My father loved her.  He loved me.”
“But it was quick.”  Sherlock insisted.  “If we had more practice I would have had some stamina.”
John released the breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.  “How was it?”
--TBC
Sherlock quickly gained the upper hand and John allowed him to do as he pleased.  As it happened, that meant straddling John’s hips and pressing lube into John’s hand.  “Prepare me.”
Mary wrapped her arms around his waist and soothed him.  “Maybe he’s giving us time to get to know each other.  Maybe he’s waiting for signs that I’m with child.  Maybe he doesn’t want the rest of the court to know that you’re his paramour.  You can’t know what he’s thinking.”
John reached up to pull Sherlock down on top of him, writhing beneath him and reveling in the sounds of Sherlock’s gasps and moans in his ear.  One arm was wrapped around the detective’s shoulders, the other hand holding his hip and his butt, pulling him deeper.
John stared at Sherlock with sleepy eyes.  “You did read on my tag what I am, right?”
Hastily the faun turned him around and pushed him so he was bent forward.  He nearly lost his balance when a warm, wet tongue teased his anal sphincter.  The sensation was almost decadent and yet completely filthy.  The faun, John, did not seem to mind.
Sherlock absently picked up the spring roll and sucked the sauce from it, his eyes on John.
“No, sweetheart.  Two daddies.  Me and Sherlock.  Would you like Sherlock to be your daddy?”
John shook his head.
“She can have your old room.”
“You plan to do something tonight… I can’t help but remember when the Woman would invite you to dine with her.”
Sherlock moaned as his body fucked John’s fist, pushing back against the other man.  “Please, John… please…”
His teeth bit a little harder before he pulled off and returned to my penis, licking the tip.  For a terrible moment I worried that he would bite there too.  But his teeth remained out of the way.  It was only when he dipped down on my shaft that I felt his teeth lightly scrape the underside.
Watson read a medical tome and paid very little attention to Sherlock until evening.
“That’s perfect.” John answered, wrapping his leg around Sherlock’s legs.
“I’m sure we could have figured out a way to make us both fit.”
“Oh, I…” Mycroft gave a weary sigh and leaned on his umbrella.  “My dear brother… Eurus has been talking to John.  She was his therapist.”
“I feel sorry for Mary…”
“I can… cook, m’lord.”
“You can’t just tell a lady that her husband is to be the lover of the king…” John started.
Rosie pulled the bottle from her mouth and looked at the cereal selection in my hand before resuming her drinking.
“Sherl…”
John closed his eyes and took deep breathes, releasing them in raw growls.  “You… Promised…”  His voice was deep and primal.
“That’s not why I…”
As if to answer the mists to the right thinned to reveal an adolescent faun.  It was obviously Sherlock, except he was a gawky teenaged version of a faun that seemed to be all limbs.  The faun sat on the ground, his knees tucked against his chest as he watched a mass of young fairies run by, excitedly screaming.  It was difficult for a human eye to detect their age, but they seemed young and full of playfulness as the passed the faun without acknowledging him.
Irene stood up straighter and sniffled.  “Maybe I regret that.”
“I was sixteen.  My father was still alive.  He died later in the war… But at the time we were at peace.  The king called for a tourney to celebrate the prince’s tenth birthday.  I was the youngest to win a tournament.”  John answered.  “The prince awarded me with a token of valor.”
And all John could do was obey.  Pulling his fingers out he used the remaining oil to coat himself and then he was pulled into Sherlock’s embrace.  There was barely enough time to line himself up before Sherlock wrapped his legs around him.  Sherlock was tight and warm.  His hips made slow thrusts to give Sherlock time to adjust but his king would have none of that.
“She never wanted food.”
Reverently Sherlock leaned forward to press a kiss to John’s twisted flesh.  “You won it in battle.  It made you stronger.  Everyone knows the story of the valor you showed on the field that day.  This nearly killed you… But you came back stronger.  How long has it been since you’ve bed anyone, my lord?”
“Yes.  Thank you for understanding.”  John beamed at the older woman.  “I can take my other form if it will be easier for you.”
Sherlock sat up and managed to pull up the blankets to cover them both, guiding John to lay against him.  The detective turned off the bedside light.
John noticed that his cock was no longer gigantic.  It was still large, but not overly so.  “Did that help?”
“For what?”  Sherlock asked.
“We have the time… Maybe explain it to me.  Why do you want to die?”
“Do you promise?”
Sherlock shrugged and made a face.  “On occasion.  It comes in handy now and then.”
John took a deep breath and then shifted their position so he was straddling Sherlock’s hips.  “No… You can take me.”
Sherlock stood up and resumed his pacing.
“You’ve been playing with your ring these past two months.  You pull it up to the knuckle before putting it back.  You’re thinking about removing it altogether.  But that means that you make yourself available.”  Sherlock answered.
John bit his lips and nervously glanced at the women.  “I think you should go.”
John managed to roll over, facing Sherlock.  “You woke me up in the middle of the night to ask for sex?”
“Molly.”
“Um…” John stared blankly at the body.
“It’s what I want.”  Sherlock answered and stepped in closer for a kiss.  “I would have you in my bed every night for the rest of my days…”  His arms wrapped around the lord’s waist, pulling him tightly against him.  “You are mine.  I plan to keep you.”  With a nip to John’s lips he pulled away with a smile.  “I will take Moriarty to his punishment… And within the year I will call you to court.  I will never let you leave my side.”  And with that the king grinned like a mischievous child and walked away.  At the door he looked back.  “You will protect him with your life, Lestrade… Or I shall have your head.”
Also there was the hope that any monster in the woods would be fearful enough not to take out Watson when he was isolated.
“What have you done with others?”
“Case… like the one you helped me with in Dartmoor?  I’m needed.”
John watched in surprise as his king desperately prepared himself.  Reaching down he rubbed his fingers against his king’s to get them oily and then pushed his own fingers into the tight orifice.
“I could have lived without hearing my sister asking you to touch yourself.” I admitted.  “And then she asked why it bothered me… It was just sex.”  I looked away, unable to meet his eyes.  “It was sex with you.”  I gave a helpless laugh and set the child down on the floor.  Immediately she crossed to John’s empty chair and attempted to climb onto it.  I helped her up and she proudly sat there.  “I became aware of something.”
“No, thank you.” I answered, annoyed with her intrusion.
“Tedious.  How was yours?”
“Well… I’m already prepared for you.”  Adjusting his seat, he pushed Sherlock into place and sat down upon him, keeping his eyes on his king.  “You must promise to live too… If something happens to me.”
Sherlock scrambled to his hands and knees, palms of his hands stinging from the fall and his trousers torn at the knees.  Quickly he crawled to the person and checked him over… genitals and lack of breasts showed that he was indeed looking at a man.  His fingers checked the carotid artery and found a strong pulse.  A glint of metal caught his eye and he reached for a pair of dog tags.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered to the little girl who lay sprawled on the couch in a good imitation of himself.  “Yes.”
"Of course, Sherlock. If that's fine by you, I mean. You're her godfather. With the way you've been taking care of her these last few weeks, and if we're staying here, I mean... "
"Hello husband. Yes, I suppose I really underestimated you. You got quite annoying in the last few weeks. Took me some time to notice you snooping around. I didn't think you'd be so... resentful. But I've really had enough now. You have to be taken care of."
Adorable...
Oooh my boys, I'm so happy for you!!! And welcome back home, John!
... With you it's so much easier. As I've said, without you I probably wouldn't even be here now. I don't know if I had made it back home. The thought of you was what kept me sane, always. When Mycroft was going to send me on that mission to Eastern Europe, and I thought I was going to... I read your blog for the same reason. It was nearly as good as having you there in person. Just the thought of you, your voice... That's what I wanted to remember."
Miss Watson, I'm going to make sure for John to arrange a meeting soon!
"That you're seeing her? I mean, really, I'm happy for you... mate. You're practically made for each other. The posh boy and the dominatrix..."
"So, if you like men, then... You know, the first person that comes to mind is - What about Moriarty? Did he - did you ever...? I mean he was clearly..."
"Yes."
(See the end of the chapter for
And Irene is gay too, for that matter. She married her PA Kate last summer on Hawaii."
"Did you like my little birthday present? The thumbprint in blood was a nice twist, wasn't it? My idea."
Tuesday morning we were visited by a young woman called Jane McFarlane, who told us she needed our help because the police was looking for her. She was a lawyer and accused of having killed one of her clients, an architect called Johanna Oldacre.
loved, so much."
"That's not Moriarty, Sherlock. Mary is. Look, here. She was giving him his lines through this ear piece."
"Well imagine that, I am. From time to time. Occasionally."
You know I never liked Mary particularly but John this is sort of bad are you sure you ok?!?!?!
"Yeah. You used me, I get that now. Well, guess what, I used you too. I was trying to move on. You were there, you were convenient."
"Oh god, I'm so sorry. I thought - I thought
"John, do you seriously think I could - with him? The man is crazy, and dangerous. His mind is certainly... intriguing. The way he thinks is interesting. But that's all. I could never... I thought you had a higher opinion of me."
"Yeah. Yeah, I know. You're right. And I... appreciate what you did. I really do. And you came back in the end, that's what is important. But still. It was bloody awful."
"It's Rosamunde actually. I'm German. But I always liked my middle name better, Maria. It's why I chose Mary Morstan. Rosamunde is a bit old fashioned."
'The course of true love never did run smooth'
Miss Oldacre told Jane to come to her house in the evening to examine some more documents together. So that evening the young lawyer drove to Norwood, where her benefactress lived. When they were finished with their paperwork, it was too late for her to drive back, so she stayed at a local inn. When she drove back home in the morning and turned on the news on the radio, she learned of Johanna Oldacre's death and that the police was looking for her. She came straight to us. The weird part about this is, our address had been given to her by some random guy in the parking lot, before she even knew she might need it. She had heard of Sherlock, but said she wouldn't have remembered if that guy hadn't handed her that paper with our address.
“No, you don’t.”
Sherlock casually pulled on a black mask.  “We agreed my parents were the best caretakers for Rosie right now.  She’ll be safe in their ‘bubble’ now that Mrs. Hudson has gone to live with her sister.”
“Of course… Names.”  The man tapped one of the men who instantly sat up.  “This one is Lestrade.  He comes to us from the fighting pits.  His skills are both in body guard and bed slave.  He is skilled in both.  He is very popular as a stud and his sons inherit his physique.”  The man indicated Lestrade’s body.
“A lady’s gown has many hiding spots for weapons.  This is why I never got dressed.”  Sherlock remarked as he pulled the lady up by her arm.  “Lestrade?”
“Oh…”
“I’m…”  Sherlock cleared his throat and looked down at his hands.  “John lost his wife.  He lives with me and I’m an active participant in helping him raise his daughter.”  His voice broke at the end.
“I know that.” Greg crossed his arms over his chest.  “We’re still friends.  I’m not here to steal your mate, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
Irene followed the group and then noticed Sherlock sitting off by himself.  “Why don’t you go play with them?”
With half lidded eyes, Sherlock stared up at him, watching his face as his hand worked.
John gave Sherlock another kiss and then pulled away to sit beside him on the bed.
“You can still move on.  Hell, I’m sure the Woman…”
“What point is that?”  John asked as he turned off the water.
Sherlock never told anyone about his sexuality.  Really he didn’t think it was anyone’s business… Not that he had time to act on it with all his cases.  Emotional entanglements were not his area.  But if we have to classify him into some sexuality box it would have the label of “gay.”  As such, Sherlock appreciated the male form when it was in front of him.  And this male had a very impressive form, despite the animal legs.  The being’s erection caused him to have an erection in sympathy.  Briefly he fantasized about being taken by such a magnificent cock.  Quickly he buried those thoughts deep into his mind palace for later masturbation material.  Even though he stayed away from emotional entanglements he did masturbate.
“Someone offered us our freedom as a trick.”  Lestrade answered.
“No wonder you’re pacing so much… must be awful!”
“I know you.”  Sherlock kissed the back of his neck.
“Then why are you crying?”
“He… forced you?”  John’s eyes took on an animal gleam.
Sherlock smirked at him.  “Come here, John.”
Sherlock bit his lips and stepped in close to John’s space, trying to get the lord to meet his gaze.  “John?”
“Hello.”  Molly the selkie smiled at John.
“What?”
Dr. Sawyer nodded.  “That should be enough.  Remind them about knotting.  They won’t be able to leave for at least an hour after the climax.”
“Would you allow me to find you a husband, my lady?”
“Of course not.  I never touched her.”  Sherlock managed to pull off the shirt and toss it away to lick John’s nipple.
“Sherl… I’m going to…” Uncovering his mouth, he reached down to tangle his other hand in Sherlock’s hair.
John circled Sherlock’s knee and hastily made his way back up his inner thigh, forcing them apart for him.
John held Rosie and kissed her temple.  “Be good.  I’ll call you soon.”
“I’m… I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean…”  John sighed.  “Yes, of course I’ll be your lover.  For as long as you want me.”
Sherlock reached down and took John’s hand.  “What about humans?  If you’re half human then…?”
Sherlock licked his lips and shuffled to press his side against John’s.  “Your faun husband?”
John turned his face into Sherlock’s hand.  “Your hand is cold.”
“John wouldn’t do that to you.”
John nodded and stepped away, taking Sherlock’s hand to lead him to their bedroom.  Quickly they both made a messy pile of clothing on the floor before climbing onto the bed.
“What of him?” Sherlock yawned.
But that’s all I am… A replacement for her now that she’s gone.
Sherlock felt himself slip away and suddenly his mind was blank, his hips eagerly pushing against John’s hand, and then there was nothing.
Sherlock reached down and lightly touched John’s hair.
They ate together at the table.  As usual Rosie picked at her food until Sherlock made a game of it.  Half of her plate was eaten by the time they were done.  John took her into the bathroom to give her a bath.  They made their way upstairs to dress her and put her to bed.  Her toddler bed took up a corner of the room she shared with John.
John pulled away and Sherlock let him.  “You do?”
John took the grape and chewed it.  Never had he tasted a sweeter grape.  Once he swallowed he smiled.
“Sherlock?”  There was a knock at my bedroom door.  “Won’t you come out?”
When I came back to myself John was kissing my neck, whispering words of endearment.  I stirred in his arms, turning to look at him.
Sherlock gazed out at the room full of dazzled nobility who laughed and made merry as the wine began to flow.  “John… There are many benefits in being my consort.  This is but one of them.”
“He will destroy you, John.”
“Never, m’lord.”  Lestrade replied with a smile.
“Perhaps I didn’t do it correctly.”  Sherlock whispered and leaned in again to lightly kiss John’s lips.
“What do you need, Sherlock?” John challenged.
Sherlock pulled his hand away and shook his head.
Watson reacted poorly.  With a cry of surprise he stood up and took a step away from the bed.  “What do you think you are doing?” Watson demanded.
“I’m not.”
Sherlock reached out to keep John from springing off the bed.  “It was a long time ago.”
John took a deep breath and spun around, catching the suspect’s hand and forcing him to aim at the ground.  The gun went off, causing many outside the club to scream.  They struggled together and John managed to make the suspect drop his weapon before dropping him to the ground and holding him there.
“I never had sex with her.”  I answered.  “Despite what the papers said.”
“But what?” John asked, tossing the tissue away.
“John Watson, Rose Prima Orange Beta, Warg.”  Sherlock frowned.  What was a military grade werewolf doing in the middle of the woods?  But the man was alive and soon he would awaken with the dawn.  Sherlock could wait.  Werewolves were known for their enhanced senses.  This one would be able to track down the one Sherlock hunted very quickly.  Pulling off his coat he covered the werewolf and sat down at the base of the tree to wait for the other man to awaken.
“Yes.” Sherlock gave her a fond smile.
“She told me that you have a Glamour.”  John sat gingerly on the grass beside Sherlock.  It felt odd on his bare skin.  “Can I see you without it?”
“Glamour.  All the mortal born Fae have a Glamour.  Our bodies change when we become one of them… But not that much.  Small things mostly.”  Mary explained as she gently pushed John’s hand from her thigh.
“Nooo…” Rosie whined, drawing out the word.
“I wasn’t aware that you counted.”
“It’s a scar… From battle.”
“So when I got here it was like winter… And now it’s spring?”
Sherlock stood too and took a step closer, his hand reaching out almost to touch.  “In a way… Someday.  Yes.  It’s complicated.”
“John,” I sighed.  “Why would I fake it?  We’re married.  You’re my husband.  Rosie is our daughter.  If anything, you’d be the one to fake it.”
“I have not been well.”  Trevor answered.  “But I am grateful for what you’ve done.”
“He promised.” Molly stated from her side of the door.
John made a face and pushed down his pants to reveal his impressive erection.  Regardless of his state of mind, his body reacted to my scent.  “No, of course not.”
“I’m here!  John!” Lestrade called with his officers.
“I can be… For you.”  Sherlock answered as he once again undid John’s trousers and slid them down his thighs.
I decided not to tell John about the pregnancy.  Too much happened too quickly for us to really talk about it.  First he was shot with a tranquilizer by my sister posing as his therapist… I found out I had a sister whom I had forgotten.  John recovered but then a grenade was set off in my flat.  Mycroft took us to Sherrinford.
“Yes, hysteria.” Watson answered.  “Now go to sleep.  I will see you in the morning.”  Getting up, he left the room.
Sherlock sat up on the bed, elbows on his knees, staring at the far wall.  “You… You didn’t recognize me.”  Quickly he slid off the bed and pulled on the monk’s robe he had adopted, not bothering to clean up the mess on his skin.  “I’ll be back… Later” And with that he was gone out the door.
John didn’t want to reciprocate, so I hastily washed myself.  His eyes would not look at me fully, even though I was bare before him.  I wondered if it would always be that way.  Could I live with a partner who was so embarrassed about bodies?
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took over the laces and wandered back into the bathroom.
“I thought my king wanted to keep me.”  John whispered.  “I thought he loved me… That he would always love me and protect me.”
After John’s shift is Molly and then Mrs. Hudson.  They passed through my door like a parade to watch over me.  The shift I despise the most is Mycroft’s.  At least Lestrade brings me cold cases when he comes.  Mycroft only brings be snide comments.  But I know I deserve it.  I have shown I can no longer be trusted to take care of myself.  It was an intervention.
“Boring!” Rosie announced to the room, breaking the tension.  In some ways even though she was not Sherlock’s blood, she was his daughter.
I shook my head wearily.  “You’re an Alpha… You wouldn’t understand.”
John gently probed and explored, opening his lover for the first time.  “I like the sounds you make.”
“Do you want to go back to Baker Street and watch a marathon of crap telly with me?” John offered.
Sherlock pulled out a little and thrust back in, delighted at the sensation.  His movements were erratic and not very consistent.  Never had he tried anything like this… aside from his own masturbation which always seemed smoother.  Now he had to coordinate legs and pelvis as his hands held himself up over John.
Suddenly he pulled out.  “Roll over.”
Sherlock made his escape and locked himself in the bathroom.  At least with the water running in the shower he could let his emotions overwhelm him without John hearing him.  An hour later Sherlock emerged.  A quick glance at the open door to his bedroom showed that John was not in there.  So he locked himself within for two days, only leaving when he needed to pee.
Lestrade further entered the room and bent down to pick up his king’s nightshirt from the floor.  Shaking it out first, he held it up.
I debated telling John that I was attempting to seduce him so he would not wander.  But I thought better of it.  “She congratulated us on our nuptials.”
“Mm…” Sherlock answered.
“I want a stable.”
“I didn’t penetrate you.”  Sherlock answered as he pressed someplace within John that made the lord cry out and squirm.
John lay sprawled over the bed, his ass in the air as he tried not to wiggle from the embarrassment of his king using his tongue on him.  Fingers and tongue worked together to stretch him as he lay face down on the royal bed.  For a moment he tried to imagine a princess or a queen in a similar position, but couldn’t.  The king really liked his bottom if the sounds he made were anything to go by.  The love extended to his cock which received an occasional fondle to keep him hard.
“Sherlock, please…”
Sherlock nodded and looked down at the floor.  “I know.”
“No trick.”  John got up from his chair.  “You’ll need clothing.”  And with that the lord opened the chamber door to call for the quartermaster to bring clothing.  When he stepped back into the room he was surprised to see the three still standing as if they were slaves.  For several minutes he stared at them, confused.  Finally the quartermaster knocked and was admitted.  Clothing was distributed and then quartermaster gone as if he had never been there.  All three held clothing in their hands as if it was suspicious.  “What’s wrong?”
John moaned softly and reached down to tangle his fingers into my curls.  His hips moved, countering my sucking.
“I’ll… Come to you tonight… If I’m allowed back into your bed chamber?”
“I left some unfinished business down here.”  John took the erection into his mouth.
“It was better than bloody brilliant, by the way.”
“You’re a drag queen?” John asked.
John blushed and stared down at his thighs as if they held the answers.  “Have you done this before?”
John moaned and rubbed his face with his hand.  Opening his eyes, he stared at the patterns of light from the window on the ceiling.  “There’s sex without love… And sex with love.  And love without sex.”
“He’s a centaur.”  Sherlock answered.
Sherlock grabbed John’s left wrist before sliding the band of gold down towards his knuckle.  When it was stuck on the knuckle he pulled away and resumed his spot on the couch to stare at the blank telly.
Sherlock had just cracked a joke about the victim having one too many holes and John responded with, “You wouldn’t know what to do with them.”  Both giggled together.
With a sigh, John shook his head wearily.
“And what is that?”
“It’s a gift.”  John smirked and got up from the floor, careful not to drip the contents of his hand.  And as he entered the kitchen his hand might have been raised to his mouth a moment before it was cleaned in the sink.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed in amusement.  “Sit down.  On your bum.”
The faun reached out and took John’s ankle in his hands, causing the soldier to startle and begin to protest.  “It’s alright.  I won’t hurt you.”  The faun stated and squeezed the joint between warm hands.
Molly shook her head.  “I don’t know, m’lord.  I was surprised when he joined us.  I couldn’t imagine… M’lord as a slave…”  Molly wept and covered her face with her hands.  “Poor, m’lord!  How could his brother be so cruel to him?”
“Goodnight, John.  I’ll see you later, Rosie sweetie.  Sherlock.”  Her final goodbye had just a hint of hardness to it.  Within a minute she was gone, leaving John and Sherlock alone with Rosie.
“You told her?” John was shocked.
Sherlock stood taller with the heels and kissed John’s lips.  “Go out there.”
“What do you think happened?” Molly asked.
--TBC
The light seemed to go out of Sherlock’s eyes and the vegetation began to wilt.  “I… I don’t…”
With my hands on John’s shoulders I guided him to lay down upon the bed.  I crouched over him, glancing down at the bulge in his pants.  Experimentally I law down atop him, delighted when he wrapped his legs around mine to keep me close.  I wanted him to be naked, but I was content with what he could give me.  To satisfy us both I began to gently thrust my hips.
John frowned at what he heard.  “Why would you say such a thing?”
For a time we waited until the front door opened and closed to signal John’s departure.  “Hello, Molly.”
“I may be your paramour, but I’m also a land holding lord.  I have an army at my fingertips.  Doesn’t that give me any sort of leverage over him?”
“Please don’t…” I whispered.  There was a bite mark on my upper thigh with a little blood oozing from where he bit me.
The creature entered the light cast by the fire and stared back at John, head cocked to the side.  “What do you mean, what am I?  Isn’t it obvious?”  Vaguely he indicated his legs.
“He will be.”  Sherlock grinned at him and ran his hand through his curls.  “May I sleep in your bed chamber tonight?”
Sherlock stared down the length of his body where his aroused cock rested against the small of John’s back.  For a single terrifying moment he realized that John could feel it and that’s why he was so uncomfortable.  “Yes.”
Sherlock’s hand reached down into John’s pants, taking his cock in a delicate grip.
John accepted it with a smile.
“That’s just silly.  I have a perfectly fine husband.  He’s just anti-social and a bit stubborn.”
At bedtime I suggested that he take off his clothes once he got to our room.
“Sherlock, you can’t allow him to stay here.”  John frowned.  “I’ll get rid of him.”
To be honest I had no time to even think about my pregnancy until I stood in front of my sister, playing her violin.  “You’re pregnant.”
“Names, my lord?”  The man looked confused.
“Let me get a good look at this… This country lord.”  Magnussen took a step closer to John, looking him over.  “Country lords are so interesting.  Their hands are stained and rough from work.  It’s a shame to call them lords, really… They toil like a servant or a beast.  Not a proper, civilized lord.”
“They who?”
It was and it was not.  Sherlock lazily rolled off of his boyfriend, uncaring about the semen on their abdomens.  “No.”
“Bloody brilliant.”
Mary got to her feet.  “The servant told me that she had been abducted before her wedding.  But my father rescued her and wed her anyway.  And I was the only child she ever bore.  I only heard the brigand’s first name once.  I don’t know how he knew.”  Vaguely she indicated the dead man on the floor.
“Sebastian’s is missing.  It’s was deactivated several months ago.”
Eudora raised her hands in surrender.  “It was just a thought, dear.”
“Of course she knows.  She isn’t stupid.  I explained to her that you were my lover and that you both would live here with me so you could share my bed.”
I nodded in response and followed her suggestion.  I did not ask her how long she had been listening through the door.
That bothered John for some reason.  “Oh…”
“He has no right, Sher-… Your highness.”
The faun made a face as if weighing his options before nodding.  “Agreed.”
Sherlock immediately sat up.  “Come in!”
“It would be nice…” John muttered and took a sip.
“There’s no one there, love.”  John whispered, rubbing his erection against Sherlock’s groin.
His lips pulled off of me and I could feel him nuzzling where my thigh met my hip.  Suddenly there was a sharp pain as his teeth bit my upper thigh.
“I made a vow.” Sherlock whispered.
“How?” John asked.
“Right… Like how you thought I would leave you a couple of weeks ago?  What if I can’t protect you?  I’m a soldier… A knight.  Someday there may be someone younger and stronger that challenges me on the battlefield.”
“But I’m not…” I began.  Why would he think that?  “I’m not pretending.”
John leaned forward and lightly kissed Sherlock’s lips before pulling away.  “Go back to work.”
“What do you want me to prove?”
John sniffled again and reached up to take my forearm from where I held his arm, guiding my hand down between us.
John blinked a few times, confused.  “What?”
“What is it?” John asked.  “You’ve been moody ever since Rosie was born.  Tell me.”
“I mean… My scar.”
Sherlock nodded, eyes still closed, teeth worrying at his lower lip.
“Then who warms your bed, my lord?”  Sherlock asked, stepping into John’s space again.
John leaned in and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.  It wasn’t deep or passionate… At first.  But when Sherlock cried out in surprise he found John’s tongue tease his own.
“Many kingdoms have master blackmailers.  They are like leeches.  They suck down power by draining those that already have power.”
“Good.”  With some effort John managed to get to his feet and held out his hand to help Sherlock up.
Lord John tried desperately not to look at Sherlock’s bare ass.  It was difficult not to.  And in the chill of the spring day it was covered in goose flesh.  It served the man right for dressing as a sex slave.  The clothing choice was appropriate for a warm bed chamber and not the outdoors.
“What did you see out there?”  John asked for the umpteenth time.
John dismounted.  “You said…”
“I’m going to miss her.”  John whispered as he stared out the window at the passing scenery.
It was during their meeting with Moriarty that Sherlock found himself on his knees before a scantily clad John wearing only a Semtex vest.  His fingers blindly groped at the closures that held the explosive on John while he was faced with John’s naked body and half erection two inches from his face.  With a final tug he tossed the explosive away and caught his flatmate before he fell to the ground.  Quickly he took off his jacket and handed it to John before he paced back and forth before him like an agitated tiger.  “What was that?”
“I don’t need to be served.”  John answered.
Sherlock stepped into John’s space, looming over him in all his pale beauty.  “Bed slave.”
John released his hold on Sherlock’s shoulders and immediately began to undress until he was entirely naked.  “I need you to fuck me.”  The former sex slave’s voice was low and dangerous, causing Sherlock to shiver.
“No.  We’re not allowed… he’s not part of my pack.  My sister fostered him until he’s old enough to be weaned and then he was placed in a Beta group.  They are schooled together and will join the breeding program when they reach sexual maturity at 16.”
“No one.  I don’t need that.  I’m at war.  There’s no time for that.”
At least Rosie was requesting something real.  The previous day her request had been for a unicorn.  John was amused at watching the two interact.  Sherlock was good with children.  It was a shame that he never wanted to father any of his own.  Luckily Sherlock had Rosie.
I wiggled in anticipation.  I wanted him.  I ached for him.  I wondered how far he would go.  Would he fuck me?  Use my body for his pleasure?  I thought I felt his lips touch the back of my neck.  His breath was warm and fanned out across my shoulders.
“Jim…”
John shook his head as he stood in the dressing room, watching his lover transform.  “I want to take you home to our bed.”
“It’s to the right, m’lord!”  Lestrade called out as they reached another intersection.
John took a few steps.  “No… I can barely sense your weight.”  Taking a few more steps, he quickly began to trot.
“Gods… Sherlock…” John moaned, reaching down to touch the curly head between his thighs.  “Why am I even getting married?”
Sherlock moaned and pulled his legs up, opening them wide to accommodate John.
“Sit… Sit here…” Vaguely Sherlock patted the grass his face and shoulders had been rubbing against.  “Sit here and let me… I think if I taste you I can slow these enough to get back.”
John tightened on the other man’s cock, feeling his own release soon follow.
“Why?”  John pulled his attention away from the pigeons sitting on a nearby statue.
“Shut up.”  Mary stated, dragging him along.  “I don’t want to die here because you can’t behave.”
“John?” Sherlock echoed, looking the faun over from the top of his horns down to his hooves.  His eyes lingered on someplace in between.
“Fatherhood worries.  What if I’m a horrible father?  What if I neglect my family?  What if I die…?  What if I disappoint you?”
“Don’t be silly.  Of course I know the way back to the house.”  And with that he picked a direction and began to walk.
Sherlock sat back and closed his eyes, computer still open.  It seemed that werewolf mating was much more complicated than he thought.  Biting was something feral werewolves did when claiming a mate during sex.  Warg didn’t bite because they couldn’t… there were too many mates.  John had been mated and had sex with all of his mates but never was bit… before now.  In one bite he became the life mate of a single partner.  Movement from the bedroom made Sherlock break his thoughts.
“I chose myself.” I answered.  The tears could no longer be contained and I wiped them away.  “First I chose Mycroft and then I chose myself.  She didn’t like that answer.  She didn’t expect that answer.”
A look of pain crossed Sherlock’s face and he looked away.  “We’re best friends.”
“No.  I’ll still be here, awaiting my punishment.  I attacked the king.  I took liberties with his person.  My life is forfeit.”
“My men…”
“If you’re not ready to remove it then stop playing with it.” Sherlock murmured.
--Finis
The half lidded eyes closed as the detective smiled, lethargic after his orgasm.  Eyelids fluttered open as he glanced down at John’s hand.  “You can use my mouth.”
“I still have work to do…”  Sherlock chuckled softly and leaned down to kiss John’s scar, flicking his tongue to caress it as his hand worked.
Lord John stopped before the cell that contained Lestrade.  “I know who Sherlock is.”
Mary was the daughter of one of Lord John’s captains, one of his banner men.  Captain Morstan died in battle leaving only a daughter.  With no male heirs to claim his lands her hand was sought after.  The common folk adored her for she was kind and thoughtful.  During harvest festival she was crowned as the Harvest Queen.  Lord John placed a wreath of wheat upon her head and watched with interest as she resided over the festivities.
John stared at me, a complicated look on his face.  With a blink he seemed to reboot.  “Have you ever asked anyone to bond with you?”
What was I to say?  How could she possibly understand what it meant to be an Omega rejected by the only Alpha they have ever wanted?  With irritation I returned to my bedroom and shut the door.  I could still smell John’s scent as it lingered.
I smiled at that, encouraged to continue.  It was easy to tug at the waistband of is pants until only the head appeared.  Leaning in, I licked him, savoring his salty pre-cum on my tongue.  I carefully catalogued his reactions to my mind palace for future analysis.  When I looked up to gauge his reaction, I saw him staring back at me, his mouth open and his brows knit together.  Feeling a little cheeky, I opened my mouth wider and took him in, rolling my tongue around the glans.
Another grunt and more cum erupted onto the already saturated grass.  “Mate… I need to mate with you.”
Sherlock frowned and looked away.  “I had a boyfriend… when I was much younger.  He wanted to… to sleep with me.  But… I don’t know.  It just didn’t feel… right.  He tried to wank me off to get me in the mood… and he forced his cock down my throat.   We broke up after that.  I felt horrible… I never wanted anyone else to touch me again.  All I could think about was him pulling my hair as he… and I coughed so hard afterwards.  He thought it was funny… that it went down my trachea instead of my esophagus.  I was just… a warm body to him.  I wasn’t anything special or someone to love.  And I came to the conclusion that love doesn’t exist.”
I gave a helpless laugh at the irony.  The same man that beat the shit out of me not even a few days ago asked me if he hurt me during intercourse.  “No…”
“A little.”  John sighed and rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.  “But I know you’re just a Pup…”
John blinked several times before shaking his head.  “Sorry… What?”
Eurus sat back in her chair, staring at the window at her brother and his pet.  She didn’t understand the draw John had on Sherlock.  John was nothing but an ordinary human being.  If anything he should be below notice of her brother.  And yet there they were, before her eyes.  Surprisingly Sherlock had instigated the whole thing.  Next time she might capture John alone and push his limits.  For now she would let the two recover before gassing them and sending them back to their flat.  Now she would have to think of another codename for Sherlock.  If things progressed the way they should, he would finally outgrow “the virgin.”
Sherlock scowled and shook his head.  “You didn’t take anything off.”
I bit my lips, thinking of the way his feet had made a sharp connection with my ribs.  John was perfectly capable of leaving me in agony.  “You don’t know that.”
By the time Moriarty returned and left again Sherlock was beside himself with anger.
“No time for sexual release?”  Sherlock cocked his head to the side.  “Even though you desperately crave it?  But you won’t touch the village whores.  Why not?”
Sherlock’s lips silenced John’s exclamation.  For several minutes there was nothing but deep, hungry kisses.  Sherlock finally pulled away after thoroughly exploring John’s mouth he stared down at him in the darkness.
“Quick.” Sherlock pouted.
“Let me… Undress?”  John whispered.
“You could have told me.”
“I’ll have to tell Mary.”
“I seem to be very good at that.” Sherlock admitted.
“Want you.”  John managed.
John flicked the switch and climbed into the bed, settling in the space Sherlock didn’t occupy.  “I didn’t know that.”
John seemed to collapse into himself and gave a soft grunt.  For a long time he sat, taking deep, heavy breaths before reaching out for something to wipe his hand.  I regretted not being allowed to taste him.  “Where did you learn to do that?”
“What is it, Lestrade?”  John asked, his voice muffled by the pillow.  There was no answer and so John looked over his shoulder.  In the darkness Sherlock’s face was illuminated by a candle.  “Your highness?”  John struggled to roll over and sit up.
“A little.  But you’re warm.”  John’s hand drifted down until it rested on Sherlock’s hip.  The other hand rested on the top of Sherlock’s backside.  “You’re warm.”
“I’ll be back to London tomorrow afternoon.  Shall I see you then?”
John found it endearing and tender even though he was still hard.
“John.”
Sherlock smirked a moment before forcing himself to frown.
The boy stood, his fingers dripping with the water he had been playing in.  A wide grin covered his face.
“I was talking about you!  Rosie might like to have a little brother or sister.” Eudora pointed out.
For several blissful moments I took him in my mouth, savoring his scent and his flavor.  I wanted to taste it all.
My heart seized in my chest and I froze.  What had once felt like heaven suddenly felt like hell.  I felt shame and horror, knowing it was not me he thought of as he took me… It was her.
“To impress you.” Sherlock answered.
Rosie looked up at him and started to cry.
“Do you…?” Sherlock let the words hang between them.
“What?” Sherlock demanded.
John took a deep breath and removed the dog tags, dropping them onto his pile of clothing.  There was one more question.  But his mind was blank.  His mind was consumed by the once human who stood before him as if he was a myth come alive.  Furry legs, horns and raging hard cock ready for fucking.  “Why did you pick me?”
“Mmm…” Sherlock hummed in acknowledgment.
John pulled away and straightened his clothing.
John made a little moan and opened his own mouth and for a few minutes we were messy tongues and teeth.
“You had sex.” Eurus observed.
The boy sloshed out of the stream and to Irene, taking her hand when she held it out for him.  Together they disappeared.
John made eye contact with Lestrade who stood near the door.
“Me?” Sherlock queried.
The detective didn’t seem to be breathing.
“I want to feel you inside of me.  Yes, anything.”  Eurus whispered.
John got up and wandered off to the bathroom.  I waited until he was out before doing the same.  I had to clean the semen from my body.  It was a sticky reminder of what we had done.  I returned to my bedroom to find John curled up in my bed.  His clothes still lay scattered on the floor.  I joined him and set the alarm to go off thirty minutes before Molly was expected to arrive to give us time to make ourselves presentable should we both fall asleep.  Climbing into bed, I felt John shift beside me, resting his head on my shoulder and wrapping his arm around my waist.  And for a time I wondered if he even knew whom he was resting against.
“I can’t say it.  I’ve never been able to say it to you.  You’ve said it.  You told an entire room of people, but I can’t…”
“No…”  Sherlock’s answer was soft.
John leaned in for a quick kiss before getting up to turn down the heat and bank the fire.  When he returned to the couch he found that Sherlock hadn’t moved.  “Come along.”  Holding out his hand, he waited for Sherlock to take it, pulling him to his feet.  The sheet fell down around their ankles.  John looked over Sherlock’s body and smiled at him.  “Come to bed.”  Leading the way, he guided the taller man to their bedroom.
“I don’t care as long as we experience it together.”  Sherlock responded as he wrapped his arms around John’s back.  They took a step together and then another.  Suddenly they were back in Sherlock’s clearing.  Both somehow managed to sit down on the grass despite being tangled together.
“I… I’m so sorry, I.” John whispered.  “I had no idea.”
John tried to concentrate on Sherlock.  All he could hear was the stream and he worried.  But he thought about the warmth of Sherlock’s skin, his chaste, gentle kiss.  And then the stream seemed to fade away.  John blinked open his eyes and found himself in a small clearing.  The plants were all withered and faded as if it was winter.  But it wasn’t cold.  His eyes took in the cold, grey place and then he saw something brown and golden.  It was Sherlock!  Sherlock was curled up in the dead, grey grass, arms wrapped around his knees.  “Sherlock?”
“I was checking to see if you had need of reciprocation.” Sherlock answered.  “I think you do.”
“Always…” Sherlock replied softly, lightly touching the edge of John’s ear.
I shook my head.
“It wasn’t a vow to be there as a parent to my daughter.”  John pointed out.
Rosie nodded enthusiastically.
“A shower?”
Rosie leaned in and kissed me.  It seemed she was in a kissing phase.
“Sherlock… There’s something wrong with John.”
“Do… werewolves… always fuck… in that rhythm?”  Sherlock gasped out between moans.
“Why was Sherlock sent?”  John demanded.
Sherlock growled and pulled off his tunic to toss it away, leaving him bare.  “I want you to stop asking the same question over and over.”
“Are they hideous?” Sherlock murmured against the pillow.
“Happy Birthday!” Bill exclaimed, handing the glove to John.
Sherlock shook his head and shrugged.  “It was nothing.  Wrong place at the wrong time, my deductions getting me in trouble as usual.”
Eudora stood in her kitchen, making breakfast for Rosie when her parents finally came downstairs.  “Busy night last night?”
“I can try.”  John answered.
“I did, didn’t I?  I thought we might catch up.”
It took several minutes for both to recover.  Finally John pulled off and righted himself to lay beside Sherlock even though they were oriented the wrong way across the bed.  “Next time…”
“What happened?” Molly leaned against the back of the couch.
“But I didn’t love them.”  Sherlock insisted.  “And I wonder what it will be like with someone I do love.”
John found he could not speak.  Watching his king swallow him with no regard to station or propriety.  And when Sherlock looked at him there was so much desire within his eyes.  John remembered Sherlock had always looked at him like that… Even when he was pretending to be a bed slave.  There was always that need and devotion.  John reached down and lightly touched the curls atop Sherlock’s head.  “Come up here.”
“I know.” Sherlock whispered.
Unconsciously John covered his scar with his hand to hide it from Sherlock’s eyes.
“I have heard that some battle injuries make it impossible for men to find release.  I hoped that was not the reason you declined company to your bed.  I also hoped that one day you would sire an heir… So your lands are passed on to your sons and not taken by others.  I would like that your lands be occupied by a Watson from now until the end of time.”
“Don’t be silly, Lord John.  It’s not Mary I plan to bed tonight.  It’s you.”
I heard muffled movements on the other side of the door.
“I should have told you.” I reasoned.
“Your time to pick a new person to join us.”  Mary explained.
“What are you doing?” Lestrade demanded at one murder scene.
“In here?”  John raised an eyebrow at him as he folded his arms.
“John…” I moaned his name, moving my hips in an attempt to speed up his strokes.  I was so close.  In desperation I reached down to guide his hand in the rhythm I needed.  Quickly I was overcome with my climax and my mind went silent.  I knew nothing for a long time.
“Where will we keep it?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes?” Sherlock murmured into her golden curls.
“You gave me a bath and Mary made toast.”
“I loved it!” John answered.  “I just don’t want it to be… I don’t know… So one sided.”
--TBC
Molly looked away to hide her smile before recovering to look at Rosie.  “That is such a naughty word.  Did you tell him it was naughty?”
“What’s bothersome is that I’m daddy.  We can’t both be daddy, it’s too confusing.  When she’s told to go to daddy, half the time she goes to you.  At the very least you can be da or papa.” John reasoned.
“Look at me.”
“I’ve… never even been with a human.”
Rosie made a face.  “Did you impregnate da?”
John lifted up and swallowed.  “Are you saying the couch was a test?”
John stared at me, the mug of tea almost at his lips.
“According to the research it’s something feral werewolves do.”
John ran his hands through his hair before reaching into his pocket to pull out a foil wrapped Alpha-sized condom.  Tossing it on the bed, he began to undress.  “You could have gotten pregnant… Studies show that the treatment for estrus poisoning has a high percentage of pregnancies even if the Alpha doesn’t bite.”
I shook my head, unable to tell him why I wanted to be done with it all.  I couldn’t tell him how much it hurt to watch the man I love in love with someone else and make a life with that person.
“You highness…” Mary whispered, covering her mouth as the tears fell.  “Thank you.”
Briefly Sherlock wondered how easily he could seduce this John Watson.  Already the doctor was hard.  It would be rather easy to do something to cause him to fall over the edge.  Perhaps if he started with a kiss…?
John chuckled.  “Are we hyphenating our names?”
“It serves you right for prancing around in the courtyard practically naked.”
“You’re no low born.”  John managed between moans.  “You must have a title…”
“You can have me.” I replied.
“Can you?”
“Was this a plot to murder me?”
Sherlock reached for the sash that was held out to him for the ceremonial tying of the hands.  At the last moment he added his hand to theirs and wrapped the sash around all three.  “What I have joined together let no one take apart.  So be it.”
John blinked up at him and casually pulled a pubic hair from his lips.  “It’s an easy question.”
“That’s… that’s great…” Sherlock, continuing to take deep breathes to settle his racing heart.
John bit his lips and regarded me for a long time.  “And just like that we’re living together again?”
“You have scars.”
“Small things?”
John’s eyes softened and he wrapped his arms around the detective.  “It’s alright.  We’ll get out of this mess.”
“Hmm?”
The three made their way down the stairs to the street outside where there was a car waiting for them.  It had been Mycroft’s idea to send Rosie away to live in the country.  The elder Holmes sibling sent a car for his brother’s family.
“I didn’t… She didn’t really touch me.  Have you been here this whole time?”  John looked around the grey clearing.
And so he did.
“You’re not angry?” I looked at him.
John beamed up at him.  “You’re doing well… for a first time.  But do you mind if I take over?”
John shuffled forward aiming his erection to slide into me.  It went easily and soon enough I was full of Alpha for the very first time in my waking memory.  You see… I have never shared a heat with an Alpha before.  When I first presented I was given suppressants and toys to simulate an Alpha’s knot.  Of course John must have entered me to treat my estrus poisoning, but I had no memory of it.  This was my first time with an Alpha inside of me.  I found myself to be emotional at the experience.  The way his body moved as he sought to fill me completely.  The way my hands slid down his sweaty back as he strained.  My body accepting his length and girth as if he was a missing piece of myself, returned to me.  I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensations of my Alpha taking me, claiming me… Breeding me for the first and only time.  I started to cry.
Sherlock gave a soft chuckle.  “Lower.”
Molly took a deep breath.  “Do you want some tea?  I’ll go make some tea.  Why don’t you put on some clothes and come have tea with me?”
“Lay down.”
“I have people following my prey’s movements.”
“I can’t believe she asked you to give her more grandchildren…”
“What do you want to eat?” I queried as I pulled his hands over his head and held them there by his wrists.  My other hand slid down his side to explore under his jumper.
“Some things were kept from us… to keep us docile, I guess.  I can smell myself on you.  And I haven’t even mounted you but you still smell like me.”
“Do you want to know where I was this morning?” The brunette rubbed at his cheek.  “It was an experiment in attraction.  Clearly they weren’t attracted to me.”
Finally the faun threw up his hands in disgust and sat back on his haunches with his arms crossed protectively over his chest.  And with that he scowled at John.  “I’m not answering any more questions until you take off your clothes.”
Sherlock pulled the roll from his mouth, licking the red sauce from his lips.  “I have none.”
“My name is Mary.”
“What?” John asked with one of his half amused expressions.
Nothing much changed for us by becoming married.  The only difference was that Rosie took John’s old room while her father shared my bed.  It was merely used for sleeping.  John was shy around the bed, wearing as much clothing as he could put on without suffering from heat stroke.  I had never even seen my groom naked, although I know he’d caught glimpses of me.  He never expressed his sexual attraction to me.  And that bothered me.
“Sex isn’t love.”
“I didn’t mean it… like that.”
Mycroft’s answer took several minutes to appear.  “That’s not the desired outcome.  We hope they succeed in their mission.  But if you’re thinking of John’s pack… yes, their refusal to breed led to their demise.”
“Sherlock…” John moaned as he kissed under the other man’s chin.  Reaching down he found Sherlock’s words about his preparations to be true as two fingers easily slid into the slippery orifice.  With a little movement of his hips he found himself embedded in the tight heat.  “Gods…”
“I can take her back to her room.” Molly offered from her place at the door.
“It is.” I agreed.
“Your highness commands… I obey.”  John murmured with his gaze to the floor.
Lestrade kept his eyes to the ground.
John sighed and leaned down to kiss the top of his husband’s head.  “I love you.  Now come to bed with me.”  Sherlock held out his hand and John took it, leading the way back to their nest.
John slowed for a moment, looking down at the mess I made between us before speeding up again.  I watched his eyes close and his mouth form that ridiculous ‘o’ as his semen joined my own.  John collapsed atop me and for a moment I was elated at his surrender in my arms.  But then… “Oh, Mary…”
“I understand vaguely that you were forced to get me to say it.”
“Sherlock!”  Lestrade turned to the consulting detective.  “Where did you find a werewolf?”
“He was your mate.”
“Someone gave you clothing as a trick?”  John gaped at them.
“Yes.” I answered with a soft chuckle.  Whatever happened we could work it out.
Sherlock sighed and crossed his arms over his chest.  “John… Have you ever been around horses?”
“Isn’t it a little chilly for that?”  John remarked as he passed on his way to the kitchen to make himself tea.
But John did not understand that logic.  “But why?”
“Oh… Look at him.  Isn’t he precious?”  Moriarty whispered.  “He will make a handsome sculpture to cheer up your dreary garden.”
“Oh… Gods…” John moaned and unconsciously bucked his hips, pushing himself deep within Sherlock’s warm mouth.
“I can satisfy him in ways…”
“I didn’t tell you.”
“Well, not completely.  We built a hut a while ago.”  John admitted.  “It’s not much.  I don’t think it will even keep out the rain… Not that it rains here.”
John pulled back and kept his eyes on his flatmate.  “Sherlock?”
John made his way down the aisle, holding Mary’s arm as they both approached the throne and knelt before their king.
“Why do we do this?”
Immediately John got off and moved into position, delighted when Sherlock pushed into him from behind.  “That’s good… back to the rhythm.”
“Yes…” I answered, my body moving to counter his movements.  It felt wonderful.  I wanted him.  I wanted inside of me and surrounding me.  But I was content with feeling his hand take me with sure, even strokes.
John shook his head.  “I’m just… A servant to my king.”
“Mum.”  John glanced at his daughter.  “Are you going to be alright, Rosie?”
“You’ve been thinking about dating.” Sherlock announced.
“And you’d rather die than live without him.”
I shrank back at his annoyance.  “That was before I knew you.”
John shut the book and looked down at Sherlock with some concern.  “How do you feel?”
“Your hesitation makes me wonder if you might actually have feelings for him.”
I shook my head again.  “There is nothing to live for.  You hate me.”
“It’s not like any of them cared about me.” Sherlock responded harshly.  “I was a thing to them.  They got what they wanted from me.”
John looked at me and gave a smug grin before getting up and walking into the room, shutting the door behind him.  Quickly he toed off his shoes and removed everything from the waist down.
Molly gave a sigh and a roll of her eyes.  “He bit you!  He bit you someplace you won’t show me.  That’s not right… Not unless you asked for it.”
“You can sleep in here.”
John stared, watching the figure on stage sway and mouth the lyrics.  For a moment he could almost believe that she was for real.
“And what did she say?”  John demanded.
Rosie stirred and reached up to touch his chin, guiding him down to her level and kissed his cheek.  “I love you.”
It was supposed to be the worst room of them all.  I had to either kill my brother or my Alpha.  It was simple, easy.  It was estrus poisoning and the ODs all over again.  The answer was to kill myself.  They would live on without me.  And then everything went black.
“Is what just your body?”
John sat beside him, nuzzling against Sherlock’s neck.  “You’ve never taken your clothes off before.”
“Fuck… Wait… No…”  Desperately he pulled away and collapsed before me, head bowed and breathing hard.
“Very much alive, actually… and drooling on my trouser leg.  Tell me what you know about the warg program.”
“Go ahead, Watson.”
“Don’t leave me.”
“Then I shall endeavor to keep you sated.”  John responded, lightly kissing his lips.
They snuggled together that night, unaware of what the future had in store to test their commitment.  But for that night it was enough of a promise to give them hope.
“It is only for one night to make sure our little Rosie is settled in.” Eudora continued as if neither of them spoke.  “I thought of putting Rosie in the guest room and giving you two Sherlock’s old room, but I’m afraid the bed is too small for the two of you.  And besides, Rosie will be staying in Sherlock’s old room while she’s here.  What do you think, Rosie?  Do you want to stay in your father’s old room?”
John eagerly got up, already half erect at the prospect.  “Bed?”
“I want to be with you.”
“I was never forced.  I wanted him and he wanted me.  I didn’t know he was my king… All I knew when I met him was that he wasn’t a bed slave.”
“Even peacocks?”
John felt like he was being crushed.  Desperately he tried to remember all he could about gorgons… But the only thing that came to mind was the movie “Clash of the Titans” when he was ten years old.  Medusa had been a gorgon, hadn’t she?
“Thank you, Mycroft.”  Watson raised his hand.  Instantly his soldiers took the slaves and whisked them away.
Sherlock kissed his forehead.  “Are you hungry?”
John turned his head to look into Sherlock’s eyes.  His hand stopped.  “How close are you?”
John soon joined them.  “Good morning, Eudora.”
That night John got up to go relieve himself.  The centaur didn’t notice the shadow that crept up on him until he was wrapped in coils.  It took John several moments to realize that Moriarty was back.  “Let go!”
Sherlock shook his head.
“I won’t let that happen.” Sherlock replied.
“I’m close.”
Sherlock kissed John’s forehead, resting his nose in his lover’s hair.  “What does she say?”
“You have needs… Desires, and I want to show you I can do this for you.  You crave a connection and I desperately want to give it to you.”
John looked to Mycroft for guidance.
“I don’t become attached.” Sherlock murmured.  “Attachment means inevitable pain when they move on.  Attachment hurts.”
“You can’t go back.”  Sherlock confirmed.  “Not until it is time.”
“How was he identified?”
“Yeah?”
“Obviously not the same one…”  Sherlock seemed annoyed.
John followed Sherlock willingly.  The king pulled him in and he willingly followed.  But at that moment it was so much easier to blame the king than to admit that Mary had enemies that would follow her should she leave the protection of the court.
“Are you suggesting that this is a start?” Sherlock asked.
Rosie made a face just as John covered her lips and nose with the facial mask.  It was the yellow mask with happy bumble bees on it, one of Rosie’s favorite masks.  “Are you ready to go to Nana and Papa Holmes?” John asked as he adjusted the mask over her chin.
“How was it?” John asked.
The mobile rang and Sherlock answered it.  “Tell me.”
They didn’t speak of it for the rest of the night.  Sherlock cleaned himself and changed the sheets while John was in the shower.  They went to bed, naked but not touching.
“If that is what you want.” John repeated before lightly kissing Sherlock’s lips.
“It matters.”  John glanced at the crowd of lords and ladies.  “My reputation and yours.  He is as horrible as you described.  I refuse to live like this.”
“My king is generous.”  John answered.
“You slept a little afterwards.”
“You are tense.”  Sherlock whispered, scissoring his fingers.
The flurry of Scotland Yard descended on them and soon enough they were bundled off in a cab back to Baker Street, John wrapped in a blanket to protect his modesty.  Upon entering the flat the blanket was dropped to the floor and John took off the jacket, holding it out to Sherlock as he stood in the middle of the living room in nothing but his skin.  “Thank you for use of this.”
“Eurus brainwashed you to hurt me.” I blurted out.
--TBC
“All the rest of the realm…”  John muttered.
John sat on his chair and stared at the consulting detective as if trying to assess him.  “Sometimes master would have you do nothing… It was only when master wished to take pleasure that you were needed.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “I don’t have my weapon on me.”
Sherlock bit as hard as he could.  When he began to taste blood he relaxed his jaw.
There was a sound of movement and suddenly the voices and the footsteps were clearer.  John continued to struggle with his bonds.
Ah... Season 4...
“They don’t like me.”  Sherlock stated as he kicked away the remnants of the ivy he had been wearing.
With John draining Sherlock seemed to become animated.  “You are truly magnificent.”  His legs shifted to keep John from moving away.  “My body craves your essence… It hungers for it.  I was not aware of how hungry I have been until now.”
“So that you may pass the lands to your own sons?  Of course, my lady.  Your father was one of my best banner men.  I could not neglect my duty to you, his daughter and only kin.”
John sat up and saw Mary the mermaid along with a seal.  “Hello, Mary.  What brings you out here?”
John chuckled and shook his head.  “Why would you lie about your sexual experience?”
Yeah… Right.  A friend that would possessively suck your cock when a pretty sex slave gave you attention and yet reject you when you offered yourself to him?  “I don’t have any friends!”  Sherlock spit out.
“Thought what?  That you could come in here and play with me like some child’s toy?  You tell me pretty lies just so you can take my seed?  For what?  Some sorcery?  You didn’t have to lie to me!  I would have given you my seed if that’s all you wanted.  You didn’t have to pretend to want me.  I don’t need you.  You’re no better than the rest.  You just hide it better!  Get out!”
“No, dear brother. Wow, do I really have to explain everything to you?” She dramatically sighed and leaned forward in her chair so her face took up even more of the screen. “First mistake, you thought, or rather,
“I… Well, I…” Fuck, he felt like a stupid little schoolboy. “I must admit, I never would have thought I was going to be doing this in a high-security prison,” he started, trying to make a joke for his own sanity. “I always pictured we’d be at home, or somewhere safe like Angelo’s. Also never pictured my brother here,” he said as he looked over to the wall where Mycroft was carefully watching.
who that coffin is for.”
John looked up at Sherlock for a moment and Sherlock could have sworn time froze. Those dark blue eyes that he had shared so many memories with over these last seven years, they were frightened in this moment, and Sherlock wanted desperately to take that fear away.
!” she congratulated, her twisted smile looking even more sinister with the obvious joy that was dancing on top of it. “Well done indeed! You know, I should really give you more credit, I didn’t think you had it in you to actually confess your feelings.”
Sherlock looked over at the camera in the room. His chest was rising and falling a little more rapidly than he wished. This was cruel. She was forcing him to confront his deepest secret and then ripping it out of him without much consent. He closed his eyes and hung his head briefly, forcing himself to hold back the hot tears that threatened to surface – tears of embarrassment and fear.
The detective squeezed his eyes closed and shook his head to clear it. He slowly opened his eyes to see John still looking him over. His eyes were soft and warm, and still a
Both men turned their heads up towards the ceiling, and it was like all the air was sucked out of the room. At the exact same time, they both slowly lowered their heads and looked back at each other; and John couldn't help but break out into laughter. Sherlock looked like he was going to cry and/or murder John right then and there.
Sherlock was pacing back and forth feverishly. His head and his heart were in a battle with each other. There was a reason why he had never truly let his feelings be known. Despite the attitude that he gave of not caring about what other people thought about him, deep down he really was just a scared, emotional little boy; and he cared a lot – specifically about one person in particular.
“Now brother, if you’d please…” she said in that same taunting voice. “And remember,
But once he had met Mary, John would look back on all those moments with Sherlock and try to pass them off like they were nothing. The way Sherlock could make John laugh without meaning to, the genuine, real smile that he would give him that he rarely ever gave to anyone else, the way Sherlock would just watch and observe John that would make his heart beat a little faster, none of that could have been love. No way. No, what he had with
“Sherlock, no!” John screamed, but it was too late. The detective pulled the trigger and crumpled to the floor as the bullet disappeared inside his torso. He could faintly hear John’s and Mycroft’s voices calling his name, but they sounded so far away. He was losing consciousness fast, but he knew he had to do it, he knew this was the only way to win this game.
Both Mycroft and John turned their heads to look at the detective. Sherlock seemed to freeze all together. The only movement coming from him was an increase in his eyes blinking – just the same as when John had practically rebooted his system when he asked him to be his best man. His throat had also gone dry – making it very hard to swallow or even breathe, it felt like.
"You are so sexy like this, baby..." John whispered as he circled his tongue around the detective's navel before dipping it in and out. "All hot and bothered and pining for me." Sherlock rolled his head back against the pillow and allowed a louder moan leave his mouth as his eyes darkened and his cheeks flushed pink. When John talked to him in that gravely voice of his, the detective was all but gone to his own blind arousal. John blew cold air over the detective's taunt stomach and delighted in seeing the muscles twitch with interest. "On this
Instead of a name, there were three small words etched into the gold –
"--have not." The detective rebutted quickly, making the doctor laugh. Sherlock took his phone back in his hand and started weighing the pros and cons of officially coming out in his head.
Eurus couldn’t hold in her delighted laughter as the screen jumped back to show her face. “That’s it Sherlock! That’s the passion I want to see!” This was all a twisted game for her own enjoyment. “Now I will admit, I stole this from Jim, but then again, he was always so brilliant at getting people to do what he wanted…”
right," he mumbled. "Especially after that build up in The Lying Detective, they should have just written in when I told you I loved you, it wouldn't have been that hard. I counted about five different areas within the episode where they could have easily put it in."
“That’s not true John, and you know it,” Sherlock said, taking a step closer to his friend. “Don’t sell yourself short.” He took a risk and put his hand on John’s shoulder, relieved when he didn’t pull away or shake him off him. “I could have never solved those crimes without you. You’re the key to it all John Watson.
“Oh, I know everything about you, Doctor Watson. More, in fact, than you know yourself.” Her face now turned to directly look at John. “For instance, do you know
“Molly Hooper.”
happy in my entire life." He gave Sherlock's hands a small squeeze as he blinked back his own tears of happiness.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped wide open as he stared at his sister. Those words, they were said to him before. Years ago, at the side of a swimming pool. Eurus started to laugh, loving this effect she was having on her brother.
"Oh, you're awake," came John's voice as he entered the bedroom. He was dressed in his robe and the smell of fresh coffee was wafting in from the kitchen -
Sherlock finally removed himself from the sofa and stretched his limbs out before grabbing his phone and following John into the kitchen.
Eurus smiled through the monitor. This game was going to be the biggest test for her brother, and she was eager to see how he handled it. Hopefully it wouldn’t be boring – she hated boring. “Who’s coffin Sherlock…? Please, start your deductions. I will apply some context in a moment.”
“Oh dear brother… But we both know that’s not quite true…”
“It’s not empty Sherlock,” Eurus said, her face appearing on the monitor. “You still have the gun, haven’t you?”
“Hey sis, don’t mean to complain, but this one’s empty. Run out of ideas?” Sherlock said with a bit of a bite to his voice.
holiday," he teased lightly with a kiss to Sherlock's cheek.
“Do you remember that day on the tarmac?” Sherlock started, trying to collect his thoughts. “The one when I thought I was going to be exiled?”
His thoughts were wiped clean when John started undulating his stomach down into Sherlock's ever-growing erection. "
"Is this what you want?" John breathed over the base of Sherlock's cock.
The last thing he remembered as he blacked out was John’s hands pressing down on his stomach, and the words, “don’t you leave me again,” being whispered over and over again.
. He had never before thought about any other man in such a way. But Sherlock Holmes was not just any other man – which is why John didn’t think anything of it when he felt himself fall into a deep depression after he had jumped off that roof. Sherlock had changed his life in so many ways, and he loved him for that, and he kicked himself every day for not telling Sherlock that before he jumped.
“I don’t know what it’s like to be a bed slave.  I have very little experience with that form of slavery.  I would like to learn.”  Sherlock stated to the ceiling.
“Yes, but I can’t find it!”  Sherlock growled and tossed his sample away.  “Why can’t I find it?”
“And I know you.  I know the restlessness you feel when you are unattached…”
Sherlock growled in frustration.
“This other warg… the one that’s been hunting in the city… he was trained the same way you were.  He lost his pack?”
Sherlock turned away and continued in the direction he had been going before he had been interrupted.  John trailed behind him.  The rest of the court kept their distance from them.
“Long… Too long…”  John managed.
“Stop!” John turned on me, his voice raised.
Sherlock swirled his tongue and applied a bit of suction before humming.
“No one does, Sherlock.”
“Because you are the biggest threat to his plans.”  Sherlock answered as he sat on the bed.
“Yes, daddy.”
“You never asked.”
“That happened.”  John replied.  “It happened this morning.  What else did you dream?”
“He’s my pack.  I’m his alpha.”
“You are so warm… And tight.” John marveled.
“You mean I’ll have to marry them?”  John was confused.
Sherlock eased off for a moment.  “That’s it… Show me what you need.”  And he returned to his task, guided back with a gentle tug from John’s hand.
“When you… When we’re alone together.”
“I really wanted you to be inside of me.” Sherlock stated.
John grunted and clenched his eyes shut.  Suddenly something grabbed him from behind and pulled him physically away from Sherlock’s warmth.  “Sherlock?”  His arms reached to empty air and a sense of panic overwhelmed him.
The faun pulled away.  “I want more.”  His hands reached down to touch the flies of Sherlock’s trousers.  “Do you want this?”
“We’ll be done soon.”  Sherlock snorted.  “If you let me work.”
A door opened with a grating squeal and everyone looked in that direction.  It was the police.
Sherlock lay in only his pajama bottoms on the sofa when John returned from work one evening.
John rolled onto his stomach and pressed his face into the pillow.  Beneath him his cock hardened with interest.  Prima Nocta was meant to deflower the bride so that the groom would not be burdened with “original sin” of a bride’s first blood.  Did Sherlock really believe all that nonsense?
I stared back at him and the child he held in his arms.
Hastily I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand as John relaxed on top of me.  His weight was comforting.
“I want you.”  Sherlock admitted.  His hand reached out to caress the juncture of Watson’s legs, feeling the erection under his trousers.  It was reassuring to know that at least Watson’s body wanted the connection.  “Do you want me?”
“I suppose I should be grateful that a siren helped you remember.”
Sherlock cocked his head to the side and dripped cold water on the back of John’s calf, making him kick his foot.
“Of course.”  Sherlock got up from the bed and wrapped his arms around his paramour.  “Always.”
Eventually Rosie tired herself out and fell into a fitful sleep.  Sherlock gently lay her on his bed and curled up beside her.
“Why, Sherlock?  This isn’t the first time you’ve tried to take your own life.”
I looked away.
“You need a place to sleep and a meal.  We’re not picking out wallpaper together.”
“How long can I stay here?”
Sherlock shook his head.  “They say a year… A year and a half.”
“It’s better to not say anything.  I’m probably wrong.”
“Your detective was a fool to replace you with… Him.”  Seb stated.
“He may not have the length but he has the stamina.”  The man grinned at Watson before tapping the female to sit up.  “This one we call Molly.”
I'm conflicted.
John finally glanced at the naked man and then immediately looked away.  “He is busy.  I can write my own letters anyway.  I can read… And write.  I’m not some low born who worked his way through the ranks.  I was born high born, just as you were.”
John sighed and lightly kissed the back of Sherlock’s shoulder.  “How do you want me?”
“Since you’ve had a woman.”
Sherlock went into the bathroom, finding only a tub.  It was pleasant to spend time in the hot water, allowing the grime and the chill to wash away.  Emerging from the tub, he found a serviceable flannel to dry himself off with.  His dressing gown covered him as he made his way into his bedroom and sat down upon the bed, curls still damp.
“If you don’t, then I’ll kill him.”  A metallic squeak and a flap on the metal door opened to allow a barrel of a gun to aim at them.  “Do you want him to die, Watson?”
Five days later John was able to enter the flat without Sherlock retreating to his room.  They didn’t speak of what happened and Sherlock made sure to keep all of his clothes on.
“No!  I don’t want that!”  John huffed and turned around so he could face his king.  “You cannot die, your highness.  I forbid it.”
“Your skill wasn’t blood sports.”
“Still…”
Sherlock stared back at him, willing the blond to understand his need for more, but terrified to say it.
“Been busy, Sherlock?”  Mycroft smirked.
John head rested on Sherlock’s chest.  “You don’t want me?”
Mycroft shook his head wearily, looking to the mess of papers on the floor.  “Oh Sherlock… What have you done?”  The man made no other comment and soon enough John was on his way home, confused.
“I’m starving.” John admitted as he sat up enough to kiss me back.
“I don’t need it… well maybe I need it a little bit but you’re welcome to come share it with me.”
Sherlock stared at the blank screen for a long moment.  His mind’s eye replayed the movements of the orgy… for that’s what it had to be classified as… an orgy.  A caught breath beside him made him turn to stare into John’s wide eyes.
Sherlock stopped his pacing to stare at a dressed John Watson.  “Jim wasn’t a good fit.”
“Hmm?”  John hummed, feeling close to sleep.
That night we went to bed.  John argued that sometimes Rosie joined us, so I shouldn’t sleep naked.  I pulled on a t-shirt and pajama bottoms.
Sherlock lightly ran his tongue along John’s lower lip.
“You looked like you needed a break from my mother.” Sherlock answered.
John looked to Sherlock for answers.
John blushed and looked down at where his bare hip was inches away from Sherlock’s bare hip.  “So… What comes next?  The Fae wedding ceremony… We removed the ivy.”
“You had the other half of the wedding garland.”  Sherlock answered as he gingerly reached down to his cock.  The organ was nearly purple and the ivy tight.  His hands rubbed over the vine that wrapped around him.  Then delicately his fingers picked at the end of the ivy tendril and started unwrapping it.  But he didn’t stop at his cock.  The rest of the garland was pulled off and tossed away.  “Ow…”  His hands made another grab for more flowers to crush them in his palms and rub them on his swollen flesh.
Lestrade shook his head.  “Please, m’lord… I don’t know.  M’lord Mycroft and Sherlock fought.  Then Sherlock was dressed as a slave and presented before you.  I do not know their plans.  Molly and I were told to serve you and not question why m’lord Sherlock was with us.  Let me prove my loyalty to you.  Molly and I will serve you faithfully.  We mean you no harm.”
"Oh god. Of course I forgive you. I already had. I'm so sorry you thought you had to do this alone. Just, don't ever do that again please. You can trust me. I would have come with you if I had known. I'd have followed you anywhere, anytime. I still would. I hope you know that. And Sherlock, you... you mean so much to me. I can't lose you again. Whatever comes, we can face it together. We're a team, right? We're doing this together from now on, ok? Promise me?"
happened. It was like... the colour came back. I felt alive. When we stood in the hallway that first night after coming back from Angelo's, I knew that was it.
"... How did you do it? How are you alive?"
"Hey, umm. Do you maybe want to come down to the living room and just... talk for a bit?"
"What? No, of course not. What a hell of a name would that be? Well, it is initials, but not just mine. I'm RA if you really need to know."
"... Oh, John. This won't do. This won't do at all. You couldn't shoot me. I'm your loving wife after all."
“I’m sure we can think of something…” Sherlock mused, tapping the foot of the bed with his fingertips.
Sherlock stared at the door, his body sluggish and tired.  “Nine days…”
And then John understood his king was having difficulty fighting off his own pleasure for John’s sake.  John reached up to pull Sherlock back down on top of him.  “Take me.”
“Then it happened at dusk.”  John smiled brightly.
“Hello!” A male voice with an Irish lilt called out.
Speaking of cocks, Sherlock’s was about to burst.  Getting up, he managed to make his way to the stairs to his room he noticed someone.  Taking out his phone he took a picture before climbing the stairs.  At the top of the stairs he sent his text and picture to John.  Let the former bed slave deal with the witness… Sherlock desperately needed relief.  Within two minutes he was naked in the room, frantically trying to climax.  But it seemed to evade him.  An hour later he was rolling on the bed, his cock chafed and swollen from the effort.  He was only vaguely aware of the sound of key in the door and the light flicking on.  Finally he became aware that he wasn’t alone and he stared up at John.
I pulled John back down to my chest and held him, taking comfort in his warmth.  “I love you too.”
“I saw it… I know I saw it.”  John stated, pacing back and forth in agitation.  “You’re saying it was a chemical?  A drug?”
“Why would you throw away perfectly good condoms?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded.  “His skull is on the mantle.”
John shook his head and frowned.
Sherlock squatted down onto the ground to be at John’s level.  “You don’t?”
And so John did his best to ignore the man in his bed, focusing instead on his correspondence.
The rest of the ride was quiet as both men fell into their own thoughts.  Fifteen minutes before their arrival John woke Rosie so she wouldn’t be groggy when she got out of the car.  As they arrived, Rosie was alert and excited.  The car stopped in front of the house.  The door opened and Sherlock’s parents waved from the porch.
“I know you’re awake.” Sherlock stated.
John blinked in surprise at his king’s words… And the tears that gathered in the corner of his eyes.  Sherlock was in pain.  Not his arse… But his soul.  All because he had to give John to someone else.  John did the only thing he could think to do.  He leaned down and kissed Sherlock’s lips.  “I’m yours.”
“So, John… What is your Glamour?” Mary asked, shifting her focus to the other man.
Sherlock switched the videos to one of John and Bill together.
Sherlock looked surprised and shook his head.  “With my family history?  It’s a gamble I’m not willing to make.”
It was much easier to blame others instead of himself and push Sherlock away.
“Are you going to kick me out tomorrow?”
Sherlock walked back and forth across the bedchamber floor, a crying baby in his arms.  Softly he murmured platitudes such as “there, there Rosie,” and “it’s alright, my darling.”
My body ached for his.  People often mistake me for someone not interested in sex.  Of course I’m interested.  The thought of John rubbing his penis against my own had often been the fodder for masturbation over the past few years.  I kissed him hungrily.
Sherlock followed the news of Lord John’s life.  From fighting off coastal pirates to the near fatal shoulder wound and losing his father.  Then more recently John’s fighting the usurper that declared himself king.  And it was at the end of this fight that Sherlock had gone to him in the guise of a bed slave to find out if the man was what he had always imagined him to be.  He was.
“Have you ever considered that it’s not your fault?  You take the blame.  Why?  Because he’s the one that blames you?”  Molly shook her head.  “It’s not right.”
“Yes… For instance I can breathe underwater and lure mortals with the sound of my voice.  Those are the physical changes I received.  My Glamour makes me look like what mortals call a mermaid.  It’s not real.  I can remove it.”
John reached out and laced their fingers together.  His leg wrapped around Sherlock’s hips, pulling him in deeper with each thrust.  “That’s it… Like that.”
“Doesn’t stop you from fathering later generations… John told me his mother, sister, daughters and nieces are all part of the breeding program.”
“You want to shag me?”
Sherlock frowned.  “It has nothing to do with my cock.”
“I’m sure Molly will be thrilled.” John rolled onto his side, away from Sherlock.  A hand reached out and caught his shoulder, pulling him onto his back again.  “What are you…?”
“It’s very hard!”  Sherlock burst out, unsure if he was referring to relaxing or the state of his crotch.
John straddled Sherlock’s body.  “Is this what you need?  You need me?”
“Holmes?”
John focused on the man on top of him, banishing his memories of the last time he had made love.  “I know.”  And then he giggled, realizing he just quoted Han Solo.  And then he giggled some more, realizing Sherlock would not get the Star Wars reference.  Wrapping his arms around the detective, he pulled the curly head back down to his shoulder and rubbed a scarred back.  “Love you too.”
“The wedding was supposed to be tomorrow.”  John admitted.  “But then we were called to court.”
Oh, it was jolly fun!
It was late afternoon.
“I assure you… I can.”  Sherlock answered.
John kissed the palm of his hand before taking it in his own hands.  “How about we turn down the heat and I take you to bed?”
John shook his head.  “This way.”  Leading the way he followed the scent trail that was still very fresh and almost too easy to follow.
“No one ever comes here.  It’s my own private corner of the garden.”
John sobered up and looked around with interest.  “Where are we?”
“I asked for it.”  Sherlock replied.
“Nothing really.”
“I’m going to hurt you if I’m hard now.”  John answered.
“Why do you keep doing this to me?”  John whispered, aware of Sherlock’s erection against his hip.  “You don’t need to seduce me… Really… You have run of my castle.  You don’t need to do anything for me.”
“Wolves can’t carry knives.  They don’t have hands… not unless this werewolf got his hands on a knife while he was transforming back into his human form… but most of us are too tired to even stand up, much less attack someone.”
Sherlock blinked and bowed his head, looking contrite in the presence of John’s anger.  “I’m sorry.”
John felt like he had been punched in the gut.  It was difficult to breathe.  “No…”
John grunted and shifted to widen his stance on the bed.  His shoulders fell to the mattress.
John smiled and closed his eyes.  “Thank you… first time since the night they died… thank you.”  Very soon the werewolf was asleep.
“You did before.”  I tried to remind him.  “With Mary.”
“I’m sorry… I’m not very good.”  Sherlock rubbed his face with his hands, staring at the ceiling and not at John.
“Where are you going?” Sherlock demanded.
John arrived and I could hear the sound of fabric.  My sheet lifted and a warm body slid itself into my bed, behind me.  Warm skin pressed against my back as a strong arm wrapped around my waist.  I could feel his penis pressed against my ass.
“Full moon?”
“That was… Nine years ago.  When I think about King William I still see that little boy who tied his favor to my arm.  I served his father… And now I serve him.”
“You made me marry her.  You said I needed heirs.”
“She calls Sherlock ‘daddy’?” Molly shook her head.
“You’re going to have to ask Uncle Mycroft.”
Rosie was fascinated by all the extras the car contained.  “Look, da!  There are cups and water!”
“I can’t move in this condition.”
Sherlock nodded.  John was nothing like Trevor.  And whereas John was technically an “animal” and changed form into a wolf, Trevor had been an actual beast.  Humans could often be so cruel.  At least John offered fidelity and companionship… maybe even affection.  Sherlock gave the werewolf a smile.  “Not so bad… for my first time.”
Sherlock smiled as he stared at a blooming branch.  “This is my place.  It reflects my frame of mind.”
“Then keep me.”  John answered, kissing Sherlock’s sternum.
There was silence, neither moved even though John was leaning across Sherlock.  And then very slowly he pulled back towards his side of the couch.
“What are you asking me?”
John gave a snort and changed shape in one fluid motion he stood with his arms crossed over his chest.  “Why is he sneaking into our den?”
Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder.  “Let me keep you.”  Absently he traced one of John’s nipples.  “Let me keep you forever.”
“His highness will send word, m’lord.”  Lestrade stated one evening as he took his post outside Lord John’s bed chamber.
“Well… That is appropriate since you are my first.”  Sherlock chuckled and moved himself between John’s thighs.  In the dim light of the candle Sherlock stared down at John.  “You are mine.  Always… Mine.”
“You want me to hunt with you?” John queried.
“My body will be sensitive… It’s tough to wear clothes.”
“Not you, him!”  Sherlock pointed an accusing finger at Moriarty who had the audacity to look shocked.
“Not yet.”  Sherlock whispered.
“I was going to say it was good.” John answered.
The king stood and closed the distance between them.  “What is that supposed to mean?  You don’t think I can count?”
Sherlock was the first to ejaculate.  His moans were swallowed up by John’s kiss.  It took John a little more time to finish.  They lay together, panting for breath.
The peacock sat across his lap, wrapping a gloved arm around his shoulders.  “May I have it back?”
John smiled.  “Cooking is good.  My cook was killed during the war.  I haven’t had a decent meal since.  If you can cook I welcome it.  What about you, Lestrade?  Mycroft said you were a skilled body guard.”
Finally the tall, pale lord pulled away, looking down at John’s seed on his hand with interest.  “You can still make seed… That’s good to know.”  Quickly he slid off the bed, his erection unresolved.  “I’ll have to check this for viability… But hopefully this means you can still sire an heir.”
“You… could?”  Sherlock closed his eyes and arched his neck, allowing John more room for god knows WHAT upon his person.  His body was reacting to the werewolf… his cock hard in his trousers, his heart rate accelerated.  Never had he felt so… so sexual in his LIFE!  Even with Trevor trying to wank him off in secondary.
“You suggested before that showers might take longer.”  Sherlock announced.
It would have been easier to bed John and find him to be lacking so he could cut all ties to him… Choose someone else as a lover.  But John was everything he imagined and more.  He spent three seasons pondering if John Watson was really everything he wanted in a lover.  And half that time he wondered if John even wanted him.  Did John fuck him from a sense of duty?  No… Their first time together John didn’t even know who he was.  But that may have been because Sherlock had been so insistent.  A fear began to grow that John only tolerated him to be kind and he really was only interested in women like Mary.
"Alright, let's find a good one. Not so innocent, and not so..." he paused when he swiped right on his phone and saw the camera had taken a picture of them with John biting and tugging slightly on Sherlock's lower lip. "...explicit."
“I think it was after that very first case,” Sherlock started again, unable to take any more of the sterile silence that poisoned the room. “When you shot that cabbie for me. You saved my life that night, John, and I think that’s when it happened.”
When he entered the room, he found that it was bare except for a canvas on the floor and a monitor against the wall.
“And I love you too, big brother,” he said, looking back at Mycroft. “Which is why I could never kill either of you.” He turned his head to look at the camera in the corner of the room. “I refuse to play this game,” he spat out bitterly. “I’m done playing by your rules, dear sister.” He quickly looked back at both men before closing his eyes.
The detective shook his head no as he looked at his fiancé. “Happy Engagement Day,” he said before sealing their lips together once more.
he left your wedding early? Or
“I love you too, Sherlock. I will always love you, forever and ever.”
Sherlock swallowed as he looked at the footage in front of him, and he had a sinking feeling about all of this. “Molly in her kitchen, Mrs. Hudson watching television, Lestrade in his office, and my parents reading,” he answered.
" came a soft but very needy cry from the detective. God, he wanted more. But by wanting more he was going against his whole argument about this damn holiday! His brain and his cock were telling him two completely different things and he wanted to listen to them both! He didn't have to fight himself too much because John started to finally move on from assaulting Sherlock's nipples and moved down to his stomach.
“I don’t know if I can let her go.”  John spoke softly so he wouldn’t wake Rosie.
“John?”
“That wasn’t why we were sent, m’lord.  Molly and I were sent as gifts to warm your bed.”
John gives Sherlock a helping hand.  Another deleted scene from "Pieces of Me You've Never Seen."
“Of course.  I worry about him… Constantly.”  Mycroft sniffled.  “And now he shall return to his royal duties.”
John shivered and finished his climax, melting down onto the bed with Sherlock still wedged inside of him.  Years of careful behavior conditioning by doctors intent on breeding him put John to sleep almost instantly.  Sherlock had no such conditioning and pulled out when he heard John snore softly.  Sitting back on his haunches he stared wide eyed at the man who slept in a puddle of his own seed, bite mark oozing blood.  Licking his lips, he tasted the blood still there.  What did it mean?  Quickly he got up and pulled on a dressing gown to do a search on werewolves and biting during sex.
“We’ll figure it out together.” John kissed under his chin.
“Where are you taking him?  My liege?”  Quickly John added the title to his question, aware that Sherlock was no longer the bed slave, but royalty.
“It’s not shame.”  John answered, sitting up in bed.  “You have a blackmailer in court?”
“Oh…” Sherlock felt less than eloquent sitting beside the naked man as his scent was analyzed.
“Really?” His partner’s response was just as soft.  “We share a bed… We share a home… Your child is my daughter and you think it was merely sex?”
“It had nothing to do with what you did.  It’s often like that.”  Sherlock admitted.  “That’s why I don’t do it very often.  If I’m too exhausted it can put me to sleep for the rest of the night.  It’s inconvenient.”
“Of course I can.” The forest god answered.  “I suppose I will have to cover myself so as not to frighten the humans we encounter.”
“But why is that such a bad thing?”  Sherlock asked.  “Surely you have urges that need relief.”
“Your highness… She is the daughter of a traitor.”  Lestrade looked to Mary.
“How long does it take?”  John asked.
“I don’t mind.”
“We will make sure you are deprogrammed, John.” Mycroft stated.
“You’re like I am… a lone wolf on the fringes of a human pack.  But you’re not an alpha… no… your alpha cast you out because you wouldn’t conform to the rest of the pack.  You’re a beta… so you probably wouldn’t mate the female he picked for you.  You wouldn’t make cubs like you’re supposed to.”
“I can pretend I am.”  Sherlock responded, kissing John’s chin.
Sherlock Holmes woke up in the year 1895.  Sherlock knew it was 1895 because he had woken there before.  Of course then he had been high as a kite and nearly overdosed to get there.  This time he was quite certain that he woke up in 1895 purely by accident.
The woman, Dr. Sawyer, was handed a lab coat and she quickly put it on to cover her nudity.  “I’m alright.  Look at them all.”  The camera panned the group.  Many males were still stuck together.  “They sleep like babies as soon as they all ejaculate.”  As the camera panned some of the males idly moved to get cozy with their nearest companion, some using others as pillows as they curled up together.  “We should record their fertility rates during the full moon.  Have the women ovulating tomorrow sent to them.”
“You don’t strike me as the traditional sort of Omega that wants to belong to an Alpha.  I could be wrong… But this is the second time you have brought up being bitten.”
--TBC
“Yes, m’lord.”  Molly blushed.
What had lured our dear detective out on a moonless night?  A man at the window with horns on his head.
For a moment Sherlock thought back on the clinical way Watson had stroked him.  And this John was warm and sleepy, wearing very little clothing compared with his Victorian counterpart.  Taking John’s hand, he placed it on his erection.  Sherlock’s own hand dug into John’s pants, encountering a half aroused penis.  John seemed to take the hint and pushed his own hand down Sherlock’s pants.  For a time they awkwardly tried to stay out of each other’s way, but their hands were uncoordinated.
John scooted back further, now on the detective’s calves as he took the hint and pulled the sweats down far enough to reveal a perfectly formed bottom.  His hands cupped the mounds, giving them a little squeeze before he crawled back up to sit at the top of Sherlock’s thighs.  His erection pressed along the crack as he leaned forward to kiss Sherlock’s spine.
“I don’t… Hate you.  I’m just…”  John sighed and relaxed against me, making me aware that he had been full of tension.
“Call me mum.” Eudora answered and returned her attention to the eggs she was scrambling.
I gave a helpless laugh at the irony.  The same man that beat the shit out of me not even a few days ago asked me if he hurt me during intercourse.  “No…”
