Steven shrugged again.
.  Maybe Star Trek too.  Order Chinese food, drink beer, eat on the couch—that kind of thing.”  Tony paused, glancing around the room.  “What do you think?”
Tony startled at the sound of Bruce’s voice.
“I didn’t know you were coming, sir. Uh,
Really, the Master Contract was for JARVIS. Just a master file where Tony stored notes and preferences from which J could help him whip up a speedy little contract for a night or a weekend. A template. J was the only person who’d ever seen the whole thing.
Now it was Tony’s turn to let out a disgusted snort.  Rogers gave him an inquisitive look and muted another car commercial.
Steve smiled back at him.  (Something’s off.  Or is it?  Am I paranoid?  Oh fuck.  Did he just look over his shoulder?)
He snapped up the tablet by his bedside, turned down the volume, and flipped it on. Apparently Pepper had been preparing a brief for him on recent events, all while multi-tasking—corporate mergers wait for no man, nor woman, nor alien invasion apparently.
The fundraiser was declared a success, 2013 was welcomed in style, and Tony was ready to go home. His feet hurt, the socialites’ faces were starting to blur together, and there were three newly-offended Doms to avoid in a ballroom that felt smaller by the minute. But he couldn’t find his team.
Romanov frowned very slightly.  “Are you really upset about the injection? Or that I’m not a sub?  Or was it the eval I wrote?”
“Hey, can I see that?” Tony asked, gesturing to the paper.
“It’s—“ Rogers shook his head. “What they said . . . . It’s
Tony rolled his eyes. “Sick of being asked that.”
calm to do this, though his heart was racing.
“Ordering now, sir.”
“Come on, team,” Steve said sternly. “Stay focused.”
“What? Where are you going?” Tony asked.
Tony fixed Fury with a steely gaze.  “Trust me.”
Steve was panting heavily onto the cushion, his body burning and open and exposed, but he needed
Tony pulled back the covers and coaxed Steve in to bed, then curled up against his chest.  Steve wrapped his arms around him and let out a deep sigh.  He turned to give Tony a long, lingering kiss.
Steve worried at the mark, raising the bruise to high color, then started another—a twin mark on the other side. Hot sharp prickles ran up and down Tony’s spine as Steve bit and sucked.
“Dining area,” he waved a hand.  Rogers seemed to be drinking in the sights with a certain amount of pleasure, though he did also keep giving Tony these little looks that seemed—curious? surprised? Tony couldn’t tell.
Tony collected his oddly assorted packages from under the tree. As he did so, he caught sight of the little rocking horse ornament once more. He smiled and fiddled absently with the bows he’d
Another deep breath.
“Smells fantastic,” Tony said with undisguised enthusiasm.  “Thanks.”
“Sweet. Well, I’m gonna hit the showers. Later, Tony!”
“Still can’t believe you have
Nothing.
Normally, Tony’d serve JARVIS some sass right about then, but the hangover was a bit of a distraction. He shuffled to the bathroom.
“Good boy.”
“Miss you too,” she said, voice warm. “I’ll come visit soon—maybe Thanksgiving?”
it was. Tony made a trip to the bathroom while everyone poured second drinks and got settled.
In the elevator on the way up the Tower, Steve still seemed tense.  Clint and Natasha hit the gym and Bruce went to his lab.  Steve turned to Tony urgently the moment they were alone.
“Now strip.”
“Mine,” Steve growled. “Keep your hands right there; don’t move.”
“No, no! Don’t—“
Rogers nodded his agreement.
—was like Tony’s nightmares since he’d first seen the force field.
“Thanks, J!” Tony said, wondering for the millionth time how people functioned without an attentive AI on their team. “Get rid of all the shopping screens for me, would ya? And better throw up the portal data too.”
)—pounds of food, Tony felt kinda warm.
“But he did defeat the Great Wyrm, right?” Peter asked sounding disappointed.
Once a full week had gone by with no sign of Tony, Steve couldn’t wait any longer. He was sorely tempted to launch a full scale assault on the workshop. But the fact he’d used martial metaphors for the idea suggested it was the wrong approach.
“Really?” Steve said, looking tentatively pleased.
Rebecca kissed Tony softly on the cheek. “I’m glad you came over.”
“I wasn’t concentrating,” Tony said sullenly.
tense. But my mind was just stuck in the lab! We’re good.” Steve looked unconvinced. “This is really, uh, nice,” Tony added hesitantly, then with his usual brazenness, “Now shut up and pet me-- we’re missing the dialogue!”
I really really hope you like this!  Any musings, curiosity, favorite moments? (I'm a bit out of my comfort zone, so I'd be extra glad to hear from you here...)
Thanks for all your love and support!
“I just--” Steve fumbled again.  “I’d hate to think that you did it because of earlier.” An awkward pause.  “Because of how I reacted to Ms. Potts,” Steve clarified. “If you felt forced to--”
"God I hate you," Tony gasped breathlessly when he'd stopped coughing.
“Oh yeah.  Like that, baby.  You wanna take it, don’t you?”
Tony shrugged and wandered a little further into Steve’s apartment. It was unchanged since his last visit: no art, no brica-brac, no nothing. He hadn’t even rearranged the furniture. Except for a few things on the coffee table, it looked like the showroom of a furniture store.
Steve let out a hazy little mumble and shifted in his sleep.  Tony tossed aside the water bottle and settled back down again, nestling close.  He needed to call Pepper back.  (Again.  Ugh.)  And he’d have to talk to Whatshisface for her.  McNeil!  Yeah.  And he really needed to figure out how to recycle that tech.  He’d start with the motherboards.  No, the display screens.  Wait, better yet, the keyboards since touch screens and voice commands would soon be phasing out old school keyboards.  He should--
“Mmm-hmm.”
“Do you like me to hold you like this?”
The interview--and Steve more broadly--were still trending. Mostly positive, lots of praise for his openness. A bit of negative grossness, trolls calling him ‘weak’ and asking if he could still lead the Avengers. But those people were getting soundly shouted down by the others.
Pepper fell silent.  Steve, his eyes bright and face flushed, came bounding out of the elevator with a luminous smile.  (Seriously, brain?
“Yep! That was the idea,” Tony said, not quite with the tone of a grand announcement he’d been aiming for. But, then, Steve wasn’t exactly showing the rapturous delight Tony’d imagined for this moment.
Tony made the rounds diligently. He could see Pepper in a glorious green satin gown across the room, but it was still too early to retreat to the delightful and familiar. Tony was considering giving in to the impulse anyway when a handsome man approached him with a wide smile. (Five seconds alone and this is what happened.) At least he was easy on the eyes—a little under six foot, not quite as muscular as Cap but still
—Tony used the facilities and splashed water on his face. His heart was beating a little too fast and it felt too warm; he unbuttoned his shirt a little more and, yep, there it was: a bright flush, the sub’s blush. (Fuck!) Tony swallowed. (Goddamn hyper-vasodilation.)
“It’s fine! I mean, all of this has been pretty sudden. We can take it slow. It’s—“ Tony swallowed. “It’s fine.”
“Captain Rogers,” she said politely, nodding.
Steve gave the reporters his bashful act and they ate it up. (Well, it wasn’t really an act. More that he was ‘letting them see his bashful side.’ Steve was devastatingly sincere; it was, as Tony had long suspected, one of his superpowers.)
I am.  I’m on a conference call right now with Mr. Lawyer, Mrs. Lawyer, Mr. Director, Ms. Boardmember, and Ms. Potts.  Problem?
“On it!” Tony answered, not letting him so much as finish. (He hadn’t forgotten; not at all.)
Steve nodded. “Can we get pad see ew?”
“You’re still working on it?”
Rogers blinked and looked startled for a second. “Yes.”
“Sure.”
“Anyway,” Bruce continued, “self-destructive or not, it's never pleasant to be on the outside watching other people in their zone. People used to joke about all the sorrowing lab widows.”
“It’s way too early for dinner!”
“Good,” Tony answered, leaning forward to press a kiss to Steve’s open palm.
Rhodey nodded agreement.
starting to worry,” Rhodey said.
“Linda, hey!  It’s Tony Stark.”
“Oh, sure,” Clint drawled, “ask me to prom second
Then Steve was standing, holding Tony in his arms and kissing him, mouth still heavy with the taste of his seed.
Tony tapped his forehead. “Futurist.”
“We’re adapting to the targets as needed,” Cap said with only a hint of reproach.  He turned to Bruce.  “You did really well.  How are you feeling?”
“YIPPEE KI-YAY, MOTHERFUCKERS!!!”  Clint got four shots off mid-air.  The spiders let out mechanical shrieks as JARVIS cut their projections.  Tony dropped Clint on another perch, then turned back to the dragon.
“Then go to hell!  I’m not letting you yank my chain again.”
Stark's laugh turned into a wet, unpleasant cough. Potts glanced up and saw Steve hovering. His cheeks heated.
The press seemed eager to get Steve on the record saying something they could spin as controversial, but he had a gift for spinning their premise out from under them.
JARVIS had informed Steve that Natasha was at SHIELD, but would alert him when she returned. So, instead of continuing his plots with her, Steve read up on City College's programs and browsed the course catalogue. Oh brother! He wanted to take everything.
“Bet you could come just like this, couldn’t you baby?  Getting finger fucked, bending over and taking it.  Bet I don’t even need to touch you, do I?”
----------------------------
“Good,” Tony said with an approving nod, leaning closer to the old motherboard. “Katie Winters is the best at SI, and that means
Bruce waved him off.  “Nah, then wasn’t the time.”  He shrugged.  “The pancakes were delicious, though.”  He smiled.  “Thanks for that.”
Tony was still struggling with how to begin, when Rogers gave him an out and (like a coward) he took it.
Tony couldn’t breathe.  His heart clenched.  (
“I need to tell you something. I probably should have told you sooner.  It’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s just something I’ve had to struggle with.”
“What is it?” Tony asked lightly, trying to defuse the intensity in the air.
“Steve, I’m using you how I want,” Tony said in that commanding voice that made Steve shiver.  “No begging.”  Tony stroked his back, firm heavy touches.
“Yeah. Later.”
“Tony!” Rhodey barked through his rant. “Jesus! I’m sorry, okay? I was only teasing. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
“Oh my God, seriously, put that away,” Tony said. “Billionaire, remember?”
Miss. High Society Blue Dress was probably only two or three years younger than Steve—who was, what? 25? 26?—but Tony knew what he meant.
“Oh really?” Tony said softly. He inched closer and Steve could feel the heat of his body. Tony looked up through his lashes and stroked his fingers lightly across Steve’s shoulder and down his arm, then stopped.
“You do?” Tony asked. “Really?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony hesitated. Normally he hated the fuzzy feeling of morphine or whatever the hell it was, but he hurt so badly and the drugs made him sleepy and sleep would mean . . . not thinking. It felt like weakness, but he nodded.
pleasant evening.
Tony raised an eyebrow at him. (A slut?)
, of course.”
“Thanks, J.”
“I have no idea how a spectrometer works,” Rogers said after a moment, eyes still fixed on the machine. “I mean, I read about it in the encyclopedia, but even cross-referencing all the unfamiliar concepts I still don’t actually
“The one and only.”
“Later!”
“Sir?”
“I like the subway,” Steve said a little defiantly, Brooklyn accent surfacing.
“Now? When I’ve only just gotten you all to myself?” Belford said, his tone teasing and flirtatious. “That sounds like a terrible idea.”
“Come on,” Tony protested, getting annoyed again. “You would never have agreed!”
“Huh,” Tony said with a wry smile. “When you put it like that, the hate-fuck against a wall almost sounds sweet.”
“We’ve met briefly,” he said with a self-deprecating smile, “But it was a while ago. No reason you’d remember.” He held out his hand. “Harry Silverstein.”
But as he tried to massage the tension from Tony's shoulders, they seemed to become more stiff. Tony hunched in on himself, half-ducking from under Steve's hands.
“Of course, we’ve had
“It’s a wallet,” Steve said, deadpan. “Pretty sure you still have wallets in the twenty-first century. They hold money, used to pay for goods and services.”
“Nah! No way. My tech is excellent,” Tony said with a grin. “If it were allergic to anyone it’d be Justin Hammer, not Captain America. We have standards here, you know.”
Steve frowned.  He’d done at least twenty sketches of Tony’s face for his latest project, but none of them were satisfactory.  It was his facial expression Steve couldn’t quite master.  In one, he looked too serious, in another too stern, and in another simply angry.  It was hard to replicate the rare mix of commanding strength and gentle affection that graced Tony’s features when gave orders or watched Steve kneeling obediently for him.  It was a beautiful expression and it constantly eluded Steve’s abilities to reproduce it.
“Hello, Meredith.”
Tony got between Steve and the exits, still holding out the fucking blanket.
The vast majority of the questions, predictably enough, went to Steve:
“I liked it fine in school, I guess,” Steve said pensively. “But I didn’t get really interested until Bucky gave me an anthology of English verse for Christmas.”
“I’m glad,” Rebecca said. She reached out to stroke Tony’s hair.   “Sam was very sorry he couldn’t stay in bed with us. He didn’t like to leave you sleeping, but I’m afraid he had an early meeting.”
“Love you too.”  Steve glanced around the ballroom, then asked, “Not that I’m not enjoying dancing with you, but I was wondering how much later you expect the event to go?”
“I know what you want, Stark,” the guy murmured, voice pitched sultry. “You need it, don’t you? Need to be put in your place.”
“Tony, what are you doing?” Bruce asked.
The professor nodded and hesitated before speaking. “Actually, I may be able to refer you for something after all.  Won’t you step into my office, Mr. Rogers?”
Rogers blinked, opened his mouth, then closed it again. He looked hopeful, then uncertain, then miserable. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his ridiculous dockers and waited a few moments; Tony didn’t say anything more.
“It’s a Tuesday night and we’re watching
(“Is that a threat or a promise?” Tony’d asked with a smirk.  “Or both.  ‘Cause I’m insatiable.  I could take you, one right after another, right here on the ballroom floor . . .”)
Rogers swallowed and his tongue darted out to swipe across his lip before he continued, “So, not only can you build one, Mr. Stark, you’ve made it small enough that we’ll be able to fit it in the clearing where the force field showed up.  Or wherever else it might appear. That’s really--” Rogers seemed to struggle for words before settling on, “amazing.” The word was soft, almost awed.  At last he turned to look at Tony. “So, if the only thing I can do to help is bring you coffee, I don’t mind.  Because, this?  This is amazing.”
“Oh yeah?” Steve asked, something playful in his voice, but a lingering skepticism beneath it. “How’d you figure that one?”
“Tony, I’m Bradford Johnson. I’ve been looking forward to speaking with you all evening.” He held out his hand. “If I may?”
“Of course, sir.”  Steve turned to the Avengers and added, “I’ll meet you at the car. Shouldn’t take long.”
“Steve!”
Tony laughed.  “Wait!  You thought
could do about it anyway.
“Is he sleeping?”
Steve left SHIELD as fast as he could and hopped on his bike.  His heart was pounding and his palms were sweating.
Thank you for reading!  I really hope you enjoyed it!
He hadn’t expected to skim with Steve last night. Even if they’d had sex he’d have been surprised to skim the top of subspace like he had. (It was the closest he got to subspace since—) Tony took a deep breath. (No.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony grinned.  “And by mom, you mean Pepper?”
Steve wanted to smack him for asking and snap, 'none of your business,' but he'd asked for more details and it was clearly relevant.
Tony took a deep breath to steady himself, then called, “Sure thing, Cap!  Come on in!”
Part of Steve wanted to look at Tony’s expression and try to read his response, but another equally powerful part wanted to blush and tuck his face into the crook of Tony’s arm.  Steve didn’t move.  Tony laid his hand on Steve’s cheek and ran his thumb across Steve’s cheekbone.
“Tony?” Steve called down the hall from the elevator. “I’m here. Whenever you’re ready.”
“Steve.”
“There’s a good deal of exaggeration, I’m afraid.”  The king gestured to himself with a rueful smile as he took his seat.  “No doubt you're disappointed,” he said.
“If you call ahead,” she said, “the next time you’re coming in, I’ll make Nona’s chocolate amaretti cake.  It hasn’t been on the menu here for thirty-five years; I only make it for family.  But if you call ahead, I’ll have it ready for you.”
Tony’s chest felt tight, but he held in the sharp little breath that almost, almost— (Fuck.)
“ . . . don’t massage or otherwise rub freshly released limbs, especially if indentations remain in their flesh from the restraints.  Such rubbing may be painful and cause tissue damage.  Let freshly released tissue re-expand at its own pace” (146).
“Talk, Fury,” Tony growled.  “Get to the fucking point.”
Pepper was already seated, looking stunning in a sharp blue suit.  (Vera Wang?)  Tony checked his watch as he approached.
“When I kneel for you, it’s a gift,” Tony said softly.  “Because-- because you’re
Thanks so much for reading!  Hope you liked it! :-)
“Field greens,” Tony corrected absently, walking around the workbench.  (He’d had no idea he’d been so worried, until now, feeling so relieved.)  Tony took the pizza and set it down.  He tucked his head against Steve’s shoulder and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist.
“Aces. I had a Norton Dominator** in the service.  Loved that thing.”
Bruce laughed.  “I won’t forget, Tony.”
“1:37 am, sir.”
(If I’m so good, why won’t you let me . . . ?)
Won't you please, please help me
. Even people who didn’t know their history at all knew about Watergate! And they knew it was Nixon, not Clinton. But for Rogers—for Captain
(But not soon.)
“Wow,” Steve said as the theme music concluded the episode.  “That really was a good episode, Tony.”
He typed out “You’re sober now,” but then deleted it; if Tony had forgotten that conversation—as he likely had, being blackout drunk at the time—it would no doubt sound like an insult. Instead he texted:
“You’re so brave,” Steve said, his voice full of wonder. (Brave? Huh?) Tony peeked up at him from under his lashes. Steve’s eyes were wide with amazement, his smile soft.
“Bruce?”  Tony repeated.  “What made you think
“Really?”
, but
There was a loud whistling noise over the comm; Tony was pretty sure it was Steve letting out a relieved sigh.
“Huh?”  Tony cut JARVIS off.  He flicked up the faceplate.  “That’s right,” he told Rogers in a neutral voice.
“If you accept the position, Mr. Rogers,” she said, leaning forward, her expression intense, “you would be the canvas for his art.”
“You have a conference call with the CFO of the Foundation in half an hour.  As I have already mentioned.  Thrice.”
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!  :)
“Steve, Steve, please,” Tony gasped out.
Well, there we go!  Got them past that hurdle.  Coming up next more training, more Steve, and going back to New York!
Pepper was looking at him with a concerned frown, brow creased. “Just take a deep breath, okay?” He nodded and she continued, “You’re jumping all over the place.”
—making him arch and cry out.
) pieces of Welsh honey gingerbread. (What? She cuts them really small.) She’d given him a little update on her family. Apparently, her daughter was struggling with her dissertation. At least PhD students in English literature were pretty harmless-- any mistakes she made were unlikely to run wild and do millions of dollars in property damage. (Now, now. Don’t stereotype grad students, Rogers. Not
“Hey, man,” Clint said around a mouthful of pizza.  “
“Death threats, Pep! I know you get them.”
&&&&&&&&&&&&
“—so that’s why
(Damn.)
play nice with all the high rollers there who might donate large sums of money to charity.  Even if they were annoying. And visit the silent auction tables so people who want a picture or a word with an Avenger have to go over there where the silent auction attendants can work their magic.  The usual stuff.
“Are you breaking up with me?” Tony asked roughly.
you’re ready for action.) He frowned down at his dick. (Traitor.)
Then with a little frown of concentration, Steve started to untie the leads at Tony’s wrists.  Tony kinda wanted to protest—he liked the ropes—but held it in.  Steve studied the small pink indentations where Tony’d let his weight pull on the bonds, then he kissed them tenderly once he’d assured himself all was well. (It was unbearably sweet.) He stretched out beside Tony again and resumed slowly stroking his back.
Steve held him tight.
“You’re joking,” the idiot laughed.
“What was that?” Tony asked.
–which was weird after the
Tony let out a long sigh and sagged a little more.
Tony hovered impatiently by the coffee maker and rolled his shoulders, savoring the ache.
“Thanks” Tony said, waving a hand casually.  “So, we’ll get you set up with fingerprinting and a retinal scan.  That way, you can take the private elevator without having me okay it every time.  Oh, and say ‘hi’ to JARVIS.  JARVIS, this is Steven Grant Rogers, the one and only Captain America.”
There was grease behind Tony's left ear. Steve washed it and pressed a little kiss to the spot. He ran soapy hands across Tony's shoulders, arms, back, chest. (Under water, the arc reactor is even more otherwordly, glowing blue-green and beautiful. It's nothing like seeing it when they swim, getting a fleeting glimpse, trying not to look too closely...) Done with Tony's upper body, Steve shifted to the other end of the tub to wash and massage Tony's feet, right then left, and to caress and wash Tony's lightly furred legs.
“Slow. Fine. We’ll figure it out.” Tony shrugged. Then he stepped closer. “So, what’s the plan, big fella?”
Tony helped himself to a cup and watched Rogers chop bell peppers and grate cheese.
Tony swallowed.
They held hands in the garage and in the elevator.  (Oh God, you’re amazing.  I--)
Michael Jackson.
Rogers had confessed to Clint once, who'd repeated it to Tony, that he tried to watch a little TV every day to try and adjust to the future, but he found most of it so awful he had to change every few minutes.  Tony certainly knew the feeling.
, he probably wouldn’t have managed to talk like that.  But it had gone well and he felt
(Only if envy could kill, dear…)
“Of course, sir.”
Steve kept his face blank.  (More whoring.  Service their prince and be good at it too.)
Oh good.  Only nine emails from Pepper today.  So far.  Maybe--
“I’d be happy to take a look at your specs,” Tony said vaguely. “Send them over Monday if you like. I won’t quiz you on the technical details.”
Sorry for long author’s note!  Will try not to be so long winded and demanding on a regular basis…
“Damn!” Rebecca exclaimed, tossing her hair over her shoulder. “You look
Tony laughed, half-nervous and half-giddy.
“Thank you, Mr. Stark.”  And the Captain smiled a gentle little smile, like being let into the workshop
“No,” Steve repeated. (Uh-oh. Cap's digging his heels in all right.) “Tony, it's been a
It didn't work of course.  Tony could still hear Captain fucking America's voice on loop in his head and it was stupid, really.  He hadn't been expecting anything from him, nothing good anyway.  He was the Dom of Doms, the most manly man of all, the living breathing embodiment of everything Howard Stark's son should have been but wasn't.  Tony knew he'd be an asshole, but in that moral, perfect, upstanding way that everybody else loved.  Big smiling emblem of the hetero-orientationally normative.
Things were off to a good start.
“Thank you for accepting my apology, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, looking up at Tony with those earnest, big blue eyes for a moment, before dropping his gaze back to his glass.
“Better,” Tony said, caressing Steve’s cheek.  “It’s a hard skill.  You can’t learn it all at once. Try again.”
Tony quirked a little smile.  “Nah.  My fault you're overworked.  I'm the one who made you CEO.”
Breakfast passed in pleasant, casual chatter: mostly Steve and Bruce, mostly on the subject of food, with occasional additions from Tony and Natasha. Tony’d expected Clint to begin ribbing them immediately and to keep up a merciless string of teasing; he was surprised to find Clint serious, distracted with the newspaper, eating his frittata quietly.
“Sure is! It’s kinda legendary.”
Steve wanted to ask a jumble of impossible questions: if Tony had plans for tomorrow with his girl and, if not, if he and his girl were quits or having trouble; if he didn’t celebrate Christmas; if he was really an atheist; if he missed his parents at this time of year--- but Steve had more sense than to pursue any of those topics with Tony and he couldn’t quite figure out what else to say except what he’d said several times already, guilt twisting in his belly: “I was wrong about you on the helicarrier.  I was
Now's your chance to get some beautiful art from the very talented LePeru!  She is currently accepting commissions to help her through a bit of a tough time.  (http://leperu.livejournal.com/3038.html)  I've ordered a couple of illustrations for the Surrender series and am very excited! She's really, really amazing.  So, if there are any illustrations you've been longing to have, please consider helping her out.  (Not that I'm selfishly hoping for more Surrender art or anything.... yeah.  :-)
“Mmmm,” Steve murmured, not looking away from the screen.
“Possibly,” Tony said, frowning at the data. “Too soon to say.”
“Well,” Pepper said, getting up and stretching. “I guess it is time for bed.”
Tony held his hands up. “Let’s not be too crazy! Taxis. No chauffeur.”
They stared at each other for a few moments.  The familiar bitching had calmed Tony’s heart-rate a little, but his throat still felt tight.  It had been a long time since Rhodey’d been hurt.  Tony had started taking his safety for granted.  (Stupid.  Stupid.)
The next week passed quickly and more pleasantly than Tony had expected.
“It’s gonna be okay . . .” Pepper promised him softly, gentle hands petting his hair. “I’ve got you, Tony . . . You’re so good and sweet and beautiful . . . Everything’s going to be okay . . . Shhh… It’s okay . . . You’re good. . .”
The price began to strip, throwing the gold and ruby studded doublet carelessly to the flagstones.  Steve watched him curiously.
Tony didn’t answer.
“Oh, hey!” Clint said, coming over. “Christmas cookies? Can I help?”
“I’d like that,” Tony said. (He had a feeling anything else would seem like rejection to Steve; he was big on reciprocity.)
“Oh God,” Rogers muttered, “For
“Yeah, and soon, soon you’ll be ready for me to fuck your throat . . . so good . . . oh fuck!  Steve!”
Pepper's voice was animated and carried well down the hallway as he approached: “-- bad feeling about it. I mean, he's
Tony winced and patted Rhodey on the shoulder.
“Did you mean it, Tony?” he repeated.  It looked like Steve was bracing for a blow. “Is that really what you think of me? Still?”
I hope you’ll take the name of my tailor. M&A papers
New to this chapter warning: (but a bit of a spoiler, so behind rot13 code): Gbal unf na vagrenpgvba jvgu n Qbz ng gur tnyn gung ur svaqf irel frkhnyyl guerngravat, ohg gurer vf ab nffnhyg be bireg guerng (vr. gur Qbz zvtug abg rira ernyvmr ur’f ernqvat nf zranpvat gb Gbal, gubhtu ur’f orvat n frevbhf wrex rvgure jnl)
Flipping through the book, reading snippets here and there, Steve had been getting an understanding of how much
“Yes, sir.” JARVIS paused, then asked, “Shall I order a pizza for you, sir?”
After a long moment, Tony pulled away to go join Bruce.
to obey Steve’s order not to move, to keep his hands above his head, to keep his hips still; there was an antsy, desperate need for touch, for friction, for movement buzzing like a live wire under Tony’s skin.
Tony couldn’t resist any longer—he dashed behind the fortification and launched himself at Steve, half-hug & half-attack, and sent them toppling into a snow bank.
“Good,” Tony added heavily. “M’goin’ back t’ sleep now.”
“So uh,” Tony began awkwardly, sitting next to Steve. “Uh, last night. When we talked about sex. And topping. Just, I know you said you’re inexperienced and worried about your strength—which is fine! really!—and I don’t mind waiting for you to be comfortable. But, well, I was wondering—is that all it is?”
“So,” Tony said, pulling Steve back into a closed hold.  “I have an idea. Of something I’d like to do for you. Or in your honor--sort of a Valentine’s day present, but really just more something I thought you might appreciate?”
“Okay! Happy things! Miranda and Rhodey!” Tony got shakily to his feet, glass raised high. “To bringing down Lang Inc! The liberationist coup! The Avengers!”
(But hey, honesty’s good, right?!)
“You’re on!”
“Thanks, J.” Tony swallowed the pills with small, careful sips of water. He took stock of himself. A bit hungover, but all in all not so bad; he was pretty sure it wouldn’t show today. And in the end it was nothing a little time and a few pills couldn’t cure.
It was a feeble attempt at a joke, but Tony was willing to accept it as the peace offering it seemed like. He let out a deliberate chuckle and smiled back.
Steve grinned, reached for his stool and pulled up to his little station.  (And how many months ago had Tony let Steve in? He couldn’t quite recall—it felt frightfully new and yet like perhaps he’d had a spot here all along…)
Thanks for reading and sorry for the long wait!  Hope you liked it.  The Conversation will be in the next chapter.  ;-)
“Huh,” Tony pretended to consider it, stroking his chin, then shrugged. “Sounds terrible. Tell them to suck it.”
“Sorry, Steve,” Tony said, “you have to wait a little longer for yours. Doesn’t exactly fit under the tree. Now, who wants more eggnog?”
They stared at each other. The silence stretched on for a few long moments while Steve fumbled for something to say, trying not to be unnerved by her expression.
Duke Ellison. The assassination of JFK. The Vietnam War.
“Uh, good morning. Steve,” Clint said.
The old man humphed. “No, no you shouldn’t have.” He shook his head and added grudgingly, “But I guess it is a little rude to take a stranger’s picture without permission.” He gave a little shrug and continued, “And your heart was in the right place. Wanting those kids to have a nice Christmas.”
“Mmm.”
“You’re gorgeous,” Steve whispered, stroking Tony’s hair. Tony let out a long sigh.
.  “Ah!  Tony,
Huh.  Suddenly everything felt more complicated than it did before.  Steve bit his lip.  (Tony, come back!  It’s all so much easier when you’re here. . . )
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
“Good,” Steve said, seeming reassured. “Just let me know what you’d like.”
“Here, at least let me—“ Tony picked up his own dishes.  He put the mug and utensils in the dishwasher and emptied his plate into the trash.  Rogers was staring.
And, yep, that gave him a little more to work with.  Tony skimmed over the list and the various edits and changes, taking in the patterns, looking for the underlying connections and governing systems and associations.
Then Steve’s fingers pressed firm against his prostate and Tony cried out.
Steve felt a surge of triumph.  He could feel the head of Tony’s cock touching the back of his throat, still open, just resting there like Tony said.  He tried to memorize the feel of it (
“I’m sorry I had to go cool off,” Steve said.  “I was . . .
The note popped up when he hovered over the little (a) the note created.  Even writing with the stylus, Tony’s handwriting auto-formatted to a typed font.  (Of course it did-- he had terrible handwriting.)
reliable little birdies? Harry Silverstein.”
“I’m not kidding, Steve.  You drive like a maniac on that thing.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Because it was so much the same, but so utterly different. Because he knew what it meant to Steve. And now he knew what it meant to him too.
(For children with friends.)
a new friend.
It was Harry Silverstein. Tony smiled up at him, relieved to see a friendly face.
Tony woke to the sun streaming in through his vast panoramic widows. (He was alone.) He winced and squeezed his eyes shut, calling out a plaintive, “Jarvis?”
Rogers seemed to hesitate a moment, then asked, “Isn’t that sort of . . . impersonal?”
Natasha raised an eyebrow and exchanged a glance with Bruce.
“And I appreciate that!”
Tony shrugged.  “Been busy in the workshop.”   He walked over to the kitchen counter and pulled the coffee maker out from the wall.  “Hey, JARVIS?  Better order two instead of one.  Dummy might break the next one and it’s ridiculous not to have a spare.”  Tony was unplugging the machine.
“Good!” Tony said.
Pepper continued unaware, talking loud and fast, words still pouring out.
“Oh.” (Huh.) Must have been on the phone with Rhodey longer than it seemed . . . And planning that date took
“Stop back-leading!” the man hissed when Tony took matters into his own hands.
Ms Potts walked briskly towards a boxy black Mercedes-Benz, its famous hood ornament glistening silver.  Steve’s stomach twisted with loathing. (His mind flashed to flickering news reels and swastikas, the Fuhrer on parade.). Steve took a deep breath; lots of people in America drove them now.  Tony had one too.
“Tony?”  Bruce called.  “Oh, ah, hi.  JARVIS said you were back.”
Tony rolled over and pressed his face into the duvet. (Wait . . . why was he in the common room?)  Tony frowned.  (Steve?)
“No,” Bruce snapped.  “I don’t want to hear about her calls, do you understand me?  I have a cell phone--if I want to pick up, I will. I don’t need you following me around reminding me!”
Thanks so much everyone who has stuck with me!  I can't believe how long (or how slowly) I've been writing this story.  When I began, I was closer to Steve's age.  Now I'm closer to Tony's.  Crazy, huh?
“I’m not really dressed for a motorcycle ride at night in December.”
So, some of that 'oomph' I promised got pushed off into the next chapter....  Still coming! I promise!  But here's this-- now with more world-building!  Hope you like it!  As ever, all my love and gratitude to thatwhichyields. :-)
Cap set aside his notepad and turned off the TV abruptly. They sat in silence.  Tony finished his scotch.
“Yep,” Tony said, giving the guy a little salute.  “Later, Cap.”
Steve drew Tony’s hands up, one then the other, and kissed his palms. He spoke softly: “Then I accept.”
Deetz held out his hand. “Would you do me the honor?”
“Born ready!” Tony shot back.
“Still?”
Steve walked away from the dresser to stand beside the bed.
(Huh.)
“Perhaps,” the King said, “You’d like to stay here a while?  With me?”
(Maybe the crying isn’t a bad thing?  Oh, yeah, ‘cause what people mean when they say ‘tears of joy’ is convulsive sobs.  Right.  Sure.)  The sound of Steve’s sobbing echoed loudly in Tony’s expansive bedroom.
“Of course not,” Tony said. “Since we have no previous experience with life in the public eye, we’ve given absolutely no consideration to the various complications, obstacles, and PR backlash we may face.”
“Carbonara on the couch!?” Pepper said with obvious disapproval.
Tony nodded.
“Wait,” Tony said, with sudden concern. “How are you gonna get all those presents to Brooklyn?”
After letting the tea steep for a bit—though probably not as long as he should have—he plucked out the tea bag and padded over to where Pep had curled up.
Steve kissed him, rough and demanding and Tony matched him stroke for stroke as those clever fingers pressed urgently inside him and Steve pushed and pulled, moving Tony up and down against his body again and again and again.
Rogers looked around—everyone had gotten out of the SUV and stood in an awkward little clutch. “All right, team,” Cap said. “Shall we?”
“You know how Pepper worries, Tony,” Rhodey said, tone conciliatory.  “Nobody will ever be good enough for you in her eyes.”  Tony let out an incredulous little snort.  “No, dude, don’t do that.  It’s true.”  Tony gave him a pointed look and Rhodey made a placating little hand gesture, adding, “Just because you two didn’t work out, doesn’t mean . . .”  Rhodey trailed off.  “Look, she’s probably just—I dunno—afraid this girl’s a gold digger or something.”
, and what the hell was he going to
"Why do you want to be a soldier anyway?" Phillips asked.
(Shit! Why’d you ask about the guy he’s mourning, stupid?) Tony bit his lip, wondering if he should apologize. Change the subject? Suggest they go inside to join the others? (Shit.)
Steve pulled away.
As they all piled into the elevator, Tony felt warm.
“All right. I want you to go in the bedroom and kneel on the floor.  I want you to wait for me there while I take care of a few things.  Okay?”
Tony brushed imaginary lint off the armor.
“Little vague, Brucie Bear.”
“Hey, JARVIS, bring up Project Triple X for me, would ya?”
A date with Steve.
“I know,” Tony said. “It makes me like the guy. Even if he’s pushing Shakespeare on us.”
“Mr. Stark.  How lovely to hear from you.  What can I do for you today?”
Silence settled in the workshop. Tony’s plate was empty; he’d finished the breakfast quite a while ago without noticing it.
“Bed? Why bother?” Tony asked. “Wall was good enough for you last time.”
After a few moment’s silence, Rhodey said, “I know you think you’re crap with people, but you’re not. At least, not always and I think—“ he paused a moment, considering, “you’ve got a really good team, Tony. I didn’t get to know them all very well, but Steve, well . . . Steve is a really good guy and I could tell he admires you. And, hey, that’s a more illustrious beginning than we had! So, don’t sweat it, Tones. You’re fine. Really.”
Tony snorted.  He might have given voice to his outraged incredulity— (Ew.  Gross.  I mean, seriously? Who the fuck bows these days?)—but the Captain had already turned and walked away.  Tony just grimaced and shook his head to clear it.
Everything hurt. There was a vice around Tony's chest, an ache right behind the arc reactor, and his eyes stung and watered leaving his cheeks wet.
Steve took his leave.
“So, what brings you to SHIELD today?” Harris asked.
“Oh, hey look!  Round one of our epic dinner is arriving!”
“Mmmm,” Steve murmured as he nuzzled Tony’s crotch with his face, rubbing his cheek across Tony’s balls and cock.  Steve’s breath was hot against his skin.
Tony nodded and lifted the lid.
Then, without looking away, he reached over and gave Steve a shove.  Hard.
“What do we--?” an Agent blurted, as the creature started changing faster and faster.
But even Jerry could be that dumb.
"No, sir," Steve ground out. (You don't understand . . .) He couldn't resist adding, "You're not a farmer either, sir."
“Sir? Captain Rogers asks me to inquire about the dress code for this evening’s dinner.”
tumblr.com/blog/CapLoverLiberty/gif
“Sir? Might I suggest--”
As always, thank you for your kind words and encouragement.  They are a constant inspiration!  Sharing this story with you is a real joy.  Thank you!
“Whatever you like,” Tony whispered, then nipped Steve’s earlobe.
p.s.  I've slowly been restoring the images I can still find post-Photobucket hostage situation.  Sadly, I had a computer death somewhere in there and I can't find the cover art I made for Life & Style and several other things.  If you have saved copies of the art for P&P, I'd be very very grateful if you could send them to me.  Just leave a comment and I'll get in touch.  Thank you.  It breaks my heart some of those images are gone....
As he carefully unwound the ropes, Steve checked the pink marks and indents on Tony’s wrists where he’d pulled and struggled.
“What!? No! Fuck, no!” Tony shook his head. “Steve
Rhodey face went a little tight for a moment, then he shrugged. “Oh, yeah, change of plans. Sorry for the short notice. She had a friend emergency, so she won’t be making it.” He said it so casually Tony knew he was upset.
“Pep—“ Tony cut in. “Thank you.” He lifted her hand to his lips. Raising his arm took effort and Tony noticed for the first time that there were tubes leading into his veins. “Thank you for coming.”
Tony smiled and looked at Steve with half-lidded eyes as he said, still a little breathless, “Wonderful.”
“Mmm,” Tony murmured with a leer and said in a sultry voice, “You can hold me captive any time, darling. Especially if you chain me to your bed.”
“It’s an awful lot of clutter,” Steve said. “And Jim told me that you don’t celebrate Christmas; I didn’t want to impose.”
Rogers turned and took two steps down the hall; Tom pressed back into the doorway and looked at his phone, schooling his features to distracted boredom.
“Fuck yeah.”
“You want me in charge?”
“Okay, that makes it sound fast, but seriously it’s slow. Like, slower than an iPhone slow!”
(Oh God.)
“Oh! Right,” Tony said, waving a hand and heading for the coffee maker. “Sure, we’ve got plenty of time before we meet with Katie and—“
“Done, sir.”
about the spreadsheet at all.  Tony would just grab him and . . . and he’d push him up against the wall and kiss him, then order him to his knees with his hands behind his back . . . maybe this time, Tony would tie them in place . . . “Beg for it, baby . . . Steve, tell me how bad you want me . . .”
“Well,” Mrs. Rhodes said, with a subtle glance Tony’s way, “not quite the first.”
It had been such a sweet little scene last night: the ropes, the blowjobs, fingering and frottage.
how apology’s done, Stark.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony took a long, deep contented breath as Steve worked a careful finger inside him. His eyes fluttered shut as Steve pressed in and out a few times; when he opened them, Steve was gazing at him with rapt attention.
“Here.  Oh shit, I’m already late.”  He shrugged.  “Stark Industries calls.”  He kissed Steve again and grinned.  “And *you* have got homework.”
“I know red roses are traditional for--”
“Yeah.  Smarter than me sometimes.”  Tony shuffled and bit his lip; on anyone other than Tony Stark it would look like ‘awkward’ or maybe ‘nervous.’
.  Fuck me, own me,
“Oh,” Steve said. “I hope they didn’t go to any trouble.”
Steve sat down on the edge of his bed, then decided that was a terrible place to do this.  (Far too much potential for distraction…)  He moved to his armchair.  Then to his studio, to the daft table Tony had given him.  He flipped on the power and took a moment to stare at the whole spreadsheet.  He skimmed the list.   (Yes! Yes! Maybe. Ew.  Huh?  Yes!  Huh? Huh? Huh?  Okay, wait.  Huh?)
Tony nodded, then added, “Hey, uh, bring me donuts? There’s that bakery by Ray’s. Just a few blocks.”
“I was thinking . . .” Tony’s mouth felt dry. “Maybe—if you still wanted to—you could ask me to dinner again sometime.”
It didn’t seem funny to him now.
“According to the communal calendar, he has two meetings at SHIELD followed by an appointment with Dr. Jefferson, sir. His estimated arrival time at the Tower is six-fifteen pm.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
I thought about you. We should go out for pizza sometime soon. It could be nice.
Back at the Tower, Tony went straight to his suite to change. He had projects in the workshop and plenty of acquisitions paperwork to review. He tossed his tux in the laundry bin, threw on a tank top with a fraying pair of low-slung jeans, then tied a holey grey hoodie around his hips just in case.
“It’s two in the morning,” Rogers repeated.
“Yeah, me too,” Tony said.  (Hm.  Guess I’m following it too.)  They stood for a moment in silence, but silence was bad so Tony rambled on, “That place was great!  Of course you’re a regular at the modest but awesome little place the food critics have overlooked.  Yep, just like you—modest, awesome, initially overlooked, but, hey, I hope not overlooked anymore, ‘cause I’m totally looking at you.  And that Jake guy was quite striking and seemed to look at you too.  He your type?  ‘cause I might get jealous.  I mean, he had way more facial hair than I do, so if that’s a thing for you I might be willing to consider--”
“Uh.  Yes please?”
“When we—” Steve made a vague gesture between them and tried again. “I’d never done that. With anybody.”
(Okay, so first layer: a base of poly-plastacine stretch fabric, inlaid with scale mail links-- gold-titanium alloy—which brings us to a weight of . . . .)
A few moments later, JARVIS announced, “Mr. Lee says you’re in luck. He has an opening this afternoon at 4. There was a cancellation.”
“Oh, go on!” she cried, waving her rolling pin at him. “Get out of my kitchen!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, take those pictures down.  Just leave me the data sets.”
. (Mostly through indecisiveness. Once he’d finally thought to call Leila things came together pretty fast, though.)
Rogers hovered looking stiff, awkward, and nervous. It was a strange look on him. Tony didn’t like it.
“Nothing. Sorry.” Steve gave a half-hearted smile. “I shouldn’t.”
Rogers looked up eyes wide and brow furrowed.  “I’m sorry too,” he said miserably.
“JARVIS, where’s Steve?”
,” but the words got stuck in his throat and then Steve gave a little laugh and said:
“All right,” Pepper said, crossing something off on her tablet with her finger. “I talked to her earlier. She was thinking Versace.”
They’d switched to gin when the scotch ran out.
“Oh, Steve, yeah,” Tony murmured, hands fisting in the blankets.  (Yeah . . . oh, yeah . . . wait, no, don’t slow down!)
Clint laughed. “They don’t call you a genius for nothing.”
“Do you remember your safeword?”
“What?”
3) They still weren’t tired of arguing about superheroes:
“Maybe sometime I’ll tie you up just like this then play with you for hours, drive you crazy.”
p.s.  Yes.  Yes, I do love John Donne!  You can read the full poem Steve borrows from here: https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/50340/to-his-mistress-going-to-bed  and the other one he references here: https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/44104/the-good-morrow.  The line "license my roving hands" gets me every time; consent is sexy! Enjoy!
When Tony got back from selecting a few favorites from the wine cellar, the dishes were done and everyone had settled on the spacious couches around the TV.  There was an open spot on the three-seater between Steve and Pepper, clearly left just for Tony.
“Seriously. The press will behave badly, but they always do. So, all you really need to decide is whether or not you want to date Steve. And if you do, don’t let anything stand in your way.”
As Tony slid out of the cab, he was struck by a brilliant idea. Something he could do for Steve. (Something he
“Not that I own any less than awesome cars, but the Audi is even more awesome than the Rolls Royce!”
“Is that so?” Steve asked with a pleased little smile. He held up a second beer inquiringly and Tony nodded. Steve brought their drinks over to the coffee table and took his seat; Tony immediately curled up on his lap.
“Deal,” he promised, offering to shake on it, but Pep threw her arms around the armor for a clattering hug.
yet, Steve?”
While he cooked Rogers hummed something slow, regular, and plodding.  It sounded like the kind of thing you’d hear in Church.  Tony blinked.  Oh right.  Church. This was Sunday brunch.  Post-Church.  Tony sipped his coffee, and looked around the counter at the rest of the team as they picked up their conversation and ate their pancakes and their omelets. Weird.
“Did you at least bring me a cheeseburger?”
“Nah,” he murmured.  “I’m always coming to you for help—nice to have the chance to lend you a little support.  Even if it’s just tea.”
“I guess he’s the one carrying the whip in your relationship, if you’re taking orders from him,” Dom sneered. Tom’s mouth nearly fell open. (Did the guy have a death wish?)
Hardly seemed like that would require such princely pay or all this mystery.
“It’s good.  Honest,” Tony fumbled, not looking at Rhodey.  “We’re good together.  Just, we’re keeping things quiet for now.  We’ve only told the team.  And Pepper, and, now you, ‘cause, well—”
Colbert and audience laugh.
“At ease, soldier,” Steve said, with a smile. “Ok. We had better get back to work.”
“You said to let you know if there was anything you could do,” she said stiffly.
That night at the Pierre a couple of people had asked Tony he was feeling okay, said they didn’t think it was a good idea.  They tried to intervene.  Tony was . . . less than appreciative.
Rogers nodded. “Yeah, no. I know.” He shook his head. Without seeming to notice it, he raised a hand to fuss at his bowtie again. “And I do want to help; it’s important. I just—I’m not very good at this sort of thing.”
Captain.  Bad.  Bad Commander!”  Tony grinned.  “Feel better?”
“Time, JARVIS?”
Rhodey huffed. “And you’re sidetracking me.”
Steve blushed bright red.  (Shit, shit! She’ll know!  But, wait, that’s okay.  We’re not hiding.  I’m not ashamed.  Did Tony tell her already?  No, clearly not.  Why not?  Is--)
Rhodey looked up from his phone, half-startled. “Wait, what?” Rhodey shook his head. “Benji? Man, he’s that old already?”
“If you are unable to reach a mutually approved strategy, it would necessitate official arbitration,” Johnny said.
The Tower was still and quiet on December 24
“Katie McKinny,” she said, holding out her hand. Tony shook it.
“What did I say?” Clint called as he strode across the garage to rejoin them.  “Was I right or what? Also, I want a hot dog.”
You are all wonderful!  Please accept this longer-than-usual chapter as a humble offering of thanks. :-)
“That works too,” Tony said suppressing a sigh. “Unless Clint’s trying to order Hawaiian!”
Tony opened his mouth—wanting to answer out loud,
Steve’s eyes were warm and hopeful; he stroked Tony’s hip in a long caress and Tony was surprised to find that Steve’s ears had actually gone a bit pink now. He rushed on:
“Please.”
“But, you haven’t programed the auto-adjustments! Or the timer!” Bruce said as Tony flew out through the hatch. He didn’t answer.
“Steve put his foot in his mouth—I don’t think he meant it the way it sounded,” Bruce said.  Tony snorted.
“Of course I do,” Tony said, still smiling reassuringly.  He took another step closer.  “You’d never hurt me.”
Rogers nodded and gave a slight smile. “Let’s hope so,” he said, shaking his head. “Let’s move!”
“Whaaaa?” Tony asked, still shaking off sleep.
“Me?” Tony said, eyebrows raised. “Fine. I’ve felt great all day,” he lied. It was on the tip of his tongue to protest that he hadn’t been that drunk, but it was such a cliché it could only make him look worse.
Thanks for reading!  I really hope that turned out okay.  The first section of Sexology is drawn almost verbatim from a real book you can read about on my tumblr, here: http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/96295025326/sexology-1904-world-building-for-power-and-paradox  The other two sections I made up, but with conscious imitation of Wm. Walding's style and attitudes.
“I’m landing in New York tonight and if you could--”
Tony had been expecting quite a few more notes than this, though, especially considering the start they’d made together.  There was only one, next to “role play”:
“Come sit on my lap,” Steve clarified, then added with a glimmer of nervousness, “You liked sitting on my lap last time, didn’t you?”
“Sorry, Rhodey.”
The elevator doors opened and the moment was broken. Tony strode in to the common room and called, “Look who I found!”
The elevator felt slow, even though he knew it wasn’t, and it took active effort not to pace the small space. When the doors opened the common room was dark except for the white lights on the tree they hadn’t taken down yet.
In the dim light of Tony’s bedroom, they fell silent, exchanging reassuring, inquisitive  little touches, affectionate but not erotic.  Tony’s hands were calloused from working in his lab; Steve savored the feeling of the little rough spots scratching across his skin.  (So perfect . . . so good for me. . . )  Steve felt a wave of guilt.
Tony shook his head. They were going to decorate a Christmas tree soon. And drink mulled wine. And the team would probably want to play Christmas music.
of his fingernails against the arc reactor.
“Thank you for bringing me here on our date,” Steve said looking around the solarium. “It’s amazing already.”
“Tony, wait,” Pepper said, grabbing his hand.
“Come on, man,” Rhodey said coaxingly from the doorway. “You’ve been down here for ages. There’s pizza! And a movie. Something Natasha picked.” Rhodey made a face. “I had a few suggestions, but she just went stony faced and said the movie was already chosen.”
Tony fidgeted.  “So, uh, Pepper didn’t tell you who it is?”
“I’m here to apologize for my behavior,” Rogers said.
“Thank you for taking time to meet with me,” Steve said.
“Good,” Tony said with an encouraging smile. “You go: back, side, together, then forward, side, together. See?”
“Coffee!” Tony called, already on hands and knees.
“I could do the cooking,” Bruce volunteered, “But I’m also happy to order Chinese.”
“But you hit a table.” Tony shrugged again, then said in a high, tremulous voice, eyes wide, “Oooh, wait! You’re right! I’m
Tony took a test paper from his wallet and hid it in his palm, then turned to survey the ballroom.
There was something sweet about the way Rogers—no,
Tony pinched him again.  (Ah!)
“Was that sass?” Tony asked, heading for the elevator, “ ‘cause that sounded like sass.”
“It’s not
Tony looked away and felt his cheeks heat. Steve let out a little gasp and when Tony glanced back he only looked more awed.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony glanced aside again and, yeah, bus stop guy was definitely taking surreptitious photos. Steve turned to wave from the door and Tony waved back with a grin. As soon as Steve was safely inside, though, Tony spun to approach the bus stop.
Bruce gave him an irritated look.  “All I have to do is sit here.”  He shook his head.  “No offense, Steve, but I don’t think that this is getting us anywhere.  I mean, it’s not exactly hard to keep my cool sitting in a training room surrounded by my own teammates.”
Steve laughed and shook his head. “No, but I did get this,” he said, fumbling around in his bag. “Uh, I thought you might like it.”
Tony felt a little rush of panic.  (Calm down.  This is what you expected, remember?)
“Don’t worry, babe,” Tony said, patting his massive chest. “You’ll love it.”
(Tony made a mental note to see if JARVIS could find him a salvageable Norton Dominator anyway. There probably wouldn’t be any in working order, but maybe the body . . . He could do the rest.)
It was overwhelming, hot burning chaos and he thought he might fly apart.
“Tony, this is amazing,” she said almost reverently, then gave him a little hug and asked half-playfully, “So am
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve nodded, looking relieved.
Steve nodded, smiling.
“Mr. Stark?”
Tony leaned down to trade hot, open-mouthed kisses that left Steve breathless.  As they kissed, Tony brought one hand up to curl lightly around his throat.  The feeling was surprisingly intense—though gentle, there was something masterful about Tony’s touch there.  Steve whimpered and his body twitched, hips bucking.  When Tony pulled back, Steve started to strain up, wanting to follow, but Tony’s hand at his throat stopped him.  He fell back, bound and helpless, gasping and squirming.
“So what is the mystery date?”
Tony wondered suddenly whether the movie night was more for their benefit or Natasha’s. Or whether she knew herself. If she’d wanted them all together—this fucked up little team of theirs—would she have been able to tell them that? It was the closest he’d come to seeing vulnerability in the super-spy and something about that glimpse was warmly reassuring. (He remembered the hospital—
“Very nice to meet you, Miss Rushman,” Steve replied.
Rhodey trailed after Tony, slow and awkward with the crutch.  “The Air Force has it.”
Tony grimaced. “I’m under-caffeinated and look like shit.”
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Tony snorted.  “Good talk,” he said to Steve, brushing past.  He added to Clint, “And although you didn’t actually offer, I’m just gonna help myself to--”
Steve’s brow furrowed.  Tony still hadn’t given him the books he’d promised either.  Would it be okay to ask?  Or remind Tony?  Just to reassure him that Steve was totally sincere—he wanted to read whatever Tony wanted him to read.  That should be okay, right?  Well, he’d wanted to ask Tony on a date for Saturday night, so maybe he could remind him at the same time.
but also . . . sad.  “I am trying,” Rogers said helplessly, spreading his hands.
“Of course, sir.”
“Dirty Talk:”
Tony shrugged.  “It’s
“Mmmmm!”
“Mexico.  Mexican hot chocolate is traditionally spicy,” Bruce explained.
“Thanks for the dance earlier,” Tony said, voice still quiet.
Pensive, Steve slowed down his run a little. Maybe that was why Tony still hadn’t . . .
“And I definitely don’t think you had ulterior motives about Iron Man or anything like that.”
.  He’d even used some of the techniques that Pepper—
“That’s swell,” the Captain said, looking very pleased.  “And I’d like Iron Man to join our sparing.  We need to start learning each other’s fighting style if we’re going to coordinate in battle.  Learn each other’s strengths and weaknesses.”
“Mr. Stark, would--” Rogers reached his hand out for a moment, brow furrowed.  Tony paused, but Rogers had fallen silent, frozen with his arm outstretched.  After a long moment, Rogers cleared his throat and dropped his hands limp at his sides.
They lingered in the living room, Tony on his knees on the plush carpet and the decadent pillow (the one Steve had selected and arranged on the floor for him).  Eventually Steve broke the lazy silence.
“Got it! Good. Great. See you at seven!”
When Tony resurfaced the next evening, all the lights were out and the quiet strands of “Once in Royal David’s City” on Classical guitar floated through the living room. Steve was standing alone, illuminated only by the light of the Christmas tree.
“I’m way too old to sleep hunched over in the workshop if I don’t have to.  And, well . . .” Tony hesitated, clutching the coffee to his chest.  “Workaholic sleep deprivation isn’t gonna do much without some new data.  I’ve done everything I can think of for the portal devices, so . . .”  Tony trailed off with a shrug.
(How fucking selfish are you? At least
Rogers grimaced.  “I don’t know. I don’t seem to be of much use yet in this brave new world. Everything’s so . . . I mean, I don’t—” And Rogers sounded lost and Tony remembered those first few google searches; his heart twisted with pity.  Rogers cleared his throat.  “Anyway, I keep breaking the tech they give me; so far the coffee maker is the only thing holding up to repeat use.”  Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so he just reached for his wrench.
WARNINGS: self-destructive behaviors; drug use; slut shaming; shitty media being shitty; elements of dub-con (though Tony doesn't think of it in those terms); internalized slut shaming.
better than
The episode began:
“Sorry,” Rogers said after a moment checking the plates for cracks; they seemed undamaged.
about art kinda interesting, maybe he’d improve
“Hawkeye and Black Widow have far more training in hand-to-hand combat than I do,” Rogers answered, tone calm and reasonable. “They’re both better qualified to teach you than I am.”
“All right. Mulled wine at eight still, right?”
Steve’s hesitation about going out seemed a bit more understandable, but now it seemed all the more important. Tony hurried into his winter things and grabbed an extra scarf before taking the elevator to Steve’s floor.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony didn’t know what to do with that admission, so he just murmured again, “It’sokay, really.”
Tony held his phone out to Steve. When his admirers tried to get a look, Tony pulled it away.
He hated what Steve was saying.
Before Steve could set the freshly poured cup on the counter for him, Tony took it from his hands and gulped it uncouthly. Steve blinked, then grinned.
“Oh shit!” Tony exclaimed in mock horror.  “Did I speak without being spoken to?  What was I thinking? Slipped up again—I’ll never find a Dom if I’m such a little brat.”
He’d been expecting to find Rogers sitting at the kitchen counter with a book, or working a crossword puzzle, or maybe making something to eat, alone or perhaps in companionable silence with a teammate or two. Instead, he found Bruce, Clint, and Natasha, sitting in a row on the couch, sharing a bowl of popcorn and watching
Steve nodded again.
“I mean it,” Tony repeated insistently. “Vow you won’t tell anyone before the gala.”
“So,” Tony said, with a bit of a smirk as his brain started coming back online. “It’s my turn to take you out for dinner tonight.” Another sip of coffee. “Any ideas where you’d like to go?”
“Anyway, done here?  Great!  Let’s go up to the common area.”
“Yeah, okay.  Put her through.”
The Captain smiles. “That’s classified.”
“You already knew that.” Steve smiled and kissed Tony, then settled back on the couch.
“Tony?” Steve said, “Sorry. Uh, I think you need to explain this one to me. ‘Cause, gosh! Now I’m really confused. Before--”
(YES!)
When Steve’s questing fingers dipped between his cheeks and brushed against his hole, it took everything Tony had not to come.
Steve nodded.
Steve felt something flutter in his chest, but he tried to tamp it down.  (He’s just curious.  He probably doesn’t even realize tomorrow is Christmas.)
“Nah, I’m good,” Tony said, sauntering past.
. . . x 2.3644 . . .
“Veronica!” Tony said with a grin, turning to look up at her. She was six feet tall, even before donning her stilettos or piling her sumptuous braids high on her head; counting those, she was probably the tallest person in the room. Tonight she was sporting a stunning tuxedo with red piping and tails that accentuated her long limbs. Her crimson lipstick was brilliant against her dark skin and matched both shoes and piping.
(And, as I've asked so many times before, if you don't enjoy my writing for whatever reason, just hit the back button; please don't ruin my day by enumerating all the things you hate about it.)
“Hey, did you see if they have jello today?” Clint asked. “I could really go for some jello.”
telling them would make it seem like a thing. They weren’t keeping it a secret or anything—or were they?
(-- don’t expect me to be team whore. Or Captain’s bitch.)  Tony bit back the words, somehow unwilling to bring his orientation into the conversation any more than it was already.
Bruce’s eyes narrowed and his mouth went pinched.
Steve took his hand as they walked towards the elevator.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I can pick out salad bowls on my own, thanks.”
“Look, if you can honestly say that you want to be alone because it’s best for you, I’ll leave you alone. I’ll respect that,” Tony said. “But please don’t hide.”
It was hard to believe that seeing the Hulk burst out of Bruce’s little body was getting to be familiar, almost to the point of routine. Then again, he’d stopped screaming with anguished rage when he arrived and now let out something closer to a grummpy cat’s yowl, so maybe that was part of it seeming less disturbing. He’d also stopped trying to destroy Tony. Probably.
“Do you have an alternate plan for nourishment, sir?”
Tony grabbed his tablet and propped up in bed beside his Dom. He set the brightness to low and hoped it wouldn’t wake Steve. (Seemed like a good bet, since the arc reactor’s glow hadn’t troubled him so far.)
Of course he liked it.
Tony was thinking about Rogers again and it pissed him off.  Why the hell did that guy get under his skin so badly?  (Okay, Howard might have something to do with it. Whatever.)  Tony’s mouth twisted.  Apparently mainstream Catholicism was too
“I am here, sir,” JARVIS answered quietly.
“I haven’t had the pleasure.”
Tony shrugged.
Steve rolled over, gasping and overwhelmed.  He turned away and threw his arm over his face, hiding, his eyes squeezed shut.  Beside him, he heard Tony wipe his hands on the sheets, then he moved Steve’s arm aside to cupped Steve’s face with his hands.  He kissed Steve’s eyelids very softly, then pressed his forehead to Steve’s and whispered against his lips, “Shhhh, I’ve got you, baby. . . I’ve got you.”  He kissed Steve softly, caressing his scalp with gentle fingers. Steve returned the kiss, pressing his tongue into Tony’s mouth.
“Bla bla the usual,” Tony said with a shrug. “Beautiful people, mean people, self-absorbed people, sprinkled with occasional idealists. You know I’m fond of Sam Deetz and Rebecca Martinez, right?”
The Dom showed no sign of moving (or actually using the bathroom); he just stood in the doorway, blocking the exit. Tony’s pulse was starting to speed up a little.
“I have to admit, it reassures me that he’s willing to confront Fury,” Bruce continued. “We’ll be in that position again, I’d expect, and it’s good to know he can stand up to command.”
The very faint sound of the elevator’s buzz on the way to the penthouse was a comfort, almost like a purr.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve nodded and Tony glanced away.  His voice went thick: “I . . . I don’t want to hurt you.  At first, I wasn’t sure this was something I could do, but now I . . . I think I can and I want to, but if I hurt you I—I’d—“  It felt like the arc reactor had expanded too wide and was squeezing the air out of his chest.  (Calm down, stupid.  He’s right here and he’s fine.)
“I’m not overreacting! And don’t you
“Thank you, sir,” Steve said, trying not to sound stiff.
Unless the pretentious menus were too much of a distraction—who wanted potato to be a “foam” anyway? Idiotic ‘swells,’ that’s who.
Steve took a startled breath and his eyes went wide.  He looked horrified as he asked, “You said all that to Tony, didn’t you?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
The TV was on in the common room.  Rogers sat alone in the middle of Tony’s sumptuous leather couch, frowning with concentration (or perhaps disapproval), a small spiral notebook in his left hand, pencil in his right.
“Don’t watch me in the Tower,” Steve said firmly, then added, “Please. I don’t like it.”
“Tony could be home any minute!” Steve snapped.  “What the hell are you thinking?”
Tony swallowed.  “Yeah.”
Tony shook his head. Better they call him arrogant than
“I thought you might be embarrassed if I said something in front of the others, but Mother Superior thanked me,” Steve said, eyes bright. “She said there was an anonymous donation of five million dollars for Magdalene House—enough to fix the roof, redo the insulation for the dormitories, and hire all the additional staff they’ve been needing. Even enough left over to start a scholarship fund for the older kids. She suspected my influence and thanked me, but it was all you, wasn’t it?”
Tony guided him gently with his right hand as Steve curled up, lifting his legs. He was so exposed: spread open, tied up, and desperate to be fucked.  (Oh God.)  He trembled.
(Well, as if he were looking for a way to escape.)
Nobody moved. Nobody spoke. Tony’s blood thundered in his veins. The creature remained entirely still in the haunting light of the portal still crackling and spitting above them. Tony glanced up at it nervously.
“Damn, that smells good.”
Now that he’d been addressed, he looked up.
“How are you feeling?” Tony asked softly.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and curled up, gathering the covers tight around his body.
“Have you seen these yet, James?” Mrs. Rhodes asked, flipping through her phone. “Your little cousin Benji had his presentation party last weekend.”
(I misjudged you. I’m sorry.)
Steve’s breath caught. Stark was there, wearing an expensive suit—in ruins now—on all fours on floor.
The Mighty Spreadsheet!
Colonel Rhodes, who (thank God!) had been looking a little startled himself, smiled back and shook Steve’s hand.
.  So, yeah.  But . . . ”  Tony rubbed the back of his neck then sighed again, trying to gather his thoughts. Rogers looked at him with a frown of concentration, waiting.  (Clearly he knew some of Pepper’s voodoo.) Tony had a little more scotch.
Tony let out a sigh and slid back under.
Steve rewarded him by returning his mouth to Tony’s cock and taking it in his mouth. (oh yeah!)  Steve circled the head with his tongue a few times before easing down to take as much in as he could, his lips a firm pressure.  He hollowed his cheeks and sucked gently as he moved, slowly and cautiously, no discernible rhythm.  (wet . . . hot . . . wonderful. . .  )
“You’re amazing,” Tony murmured to him, pressing a kiss to his inner thigh.  “Here, let me take care of you.  Give me a second.”
“--and you know that.  Besides, Steve has the serum--”
“Nah,” Tony said, sitting down at the counter again. “I can chill for a few minutes.”
Harry—(you couldn’t talk about mathematics so joyfully for so long without inviting first names)—nodded agreement.
At the penthouse, they walked hand-in-hand down the hallway, Steve’s other hand a warm pressure at the small of Tony’s back. When they reached the threshold to Tony’s bedroom, Steve paused. Before Tony could start talking contracts, firm limits, and seductive offers, Steve said softly: “I believe you offered me a kiss.”
Tony smiled and his fingers drifted to his wrists.
(-- something like an airbag system?  Nothing so crude, of course, but a way to let the suit absorb the impact better, divert the damage away from--)  Tony chewed at his lip.  (No, that would require a wider gap between the pilot and the suit; that would open up larger operational problems, but if--)
Steve shook his head.
“Here,” Bruce said, “we’ll start from the beginning—we weren’t that far in anyway.”
“Mmm-hmm,” Tony muttered, trying to remember what he’d been doing before Rogers arrived.  (We are
It’s so good to be back! And I am hoping not to go on hiatus again until this story is DONE!
(Mikie was Catholic? Huh.) Tony never would have guessed that.
“Good,” she said sternly. “I thought so.”
Tony was panting heavily; it was hard to press words out.
Tony gasped.
“Please take your time,” she said, then added to Steve, “Can I start you off with drinks? Or a bottle of wine?”
Steve nodded and took a sip of tea.  It was smoky, but not too much.
“All right, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said politely.  He was still
“I’ve got a bottle of Veuve Cliquot chilling in the executive suite,” she said softly. “Are you sure I can’t entice you to join me?”
“You bet, Cap! Come on in.”
Tony blinked.  (Well, duh.)
.  (Adorable.)  Tony had
Steve’s heart was pounding, frantic and guilty.
“Oh, honey,” Tony said, voice dripping with condescension, “I am the
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
could come pouring out of there and if we don’t know how to close it . . .  well, it—how’d you say?— it gives me the ‘heebie-jeebies.’”
, just, you know—boundaries and stuff.” Rogers was nodding and giving him that hangdog look.
“Nope.  Just wanted to make another little change to celebrate,” Sasha said.  “Sasha’s the Russian diminutive for Alexander after all.”
“Are you avoiding him or is he avoiding you?” Rhodey asked shrewdly.
“They didn’t tell you?”  Pepper frowned.  “The new venue.  It’s The Pierre.”
“Are you all right?” Rogers asked, bemused.
“Well, this was sure classy as fuck.”
Steve held the letter out hopefully.  Rhodes snorted. He shook his head.
“Sushi is confirmed, sir. Perhaps you’d like me to turn down the music?”
Tony felt Steve sigh against the back of his neck.  “Mmm . . . love you too . . .” Steve mumbled.  Tony smiled.  (Not asleep after all.)  It was warm in Steve’s bed, nestled in his arms.  Soon, Tony drifted to sleep.
“That doesn’t mean a thing,” Rhodey protested. “People aren’t always what they seem, and he’s from the ‘40s, so I just want to make sure you—”
Tony turned to watch his sleeping Dom as he huffed and rolled over. He was still frowning slightly in his sleep. He looked so young--no wrinkles on his face, except the crease of his frown. Without thinking, Tony ran his hand down Steve’s back; his frown eased and he let out a long, deep sigh, still sleeping.
“Shall I order us room service?” Rebecca asked.
In the end Steve made Carbonara and they agreed to watch
(Were Steve’s ears a little pink?)
“Good.” Tony finished off his coffee. “That reminds me. I’ll have something for you soon.”
“The Russian church isn’t on the Gregorian calendar,” Steve explained. Natasha gave him an approving look.
“Yes, Sir?”
“Good plan,” Tony said with a nod.
Clint swallowed.
“I’m glad,” Steve said softly.  He turned off the gas and set the griddle aside.  “And you’re just in time for your breakfast.  Go on.  Grab a seat.”
Tony was a speedy driver in general; tonight the Lotus purred and zoomed.
“Wouldn’t Teressa mind?” Tony asked with a raised eyebrow.
(He was always smiling at Tony lately it seemed.)
Tony poked sullenly at one of Dummy’s wheels.
Tony grimaced in sympathy.  “Bad meetings?”
“I’m fine,” Rogers told the bartender, then turned to Tony solicitously, “Are you--”
! It just can't be good for Tony!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>.>>>>>>
Pepper rolled her eyes. “I won’t tell anyone. But in all seriousness, what are you wearing?”
“Sir, Agent Barton is in the elevator, now approaching the living room from the shooting range.”
(Sweetheart, huh?  Steve felt warm and a little silly, but apparently he liked that.)
“Nah, I’m okay, buddy,” Tony said, giving Dummy a little pat. “Just got some thinking to do.”
“Don’t sound so surprised, mister!” Tony said, tapping Steve’s chest with hyperbolic indignation. “I said I’d made a breakthrough.”
With a light pressure on Tony’s shoulders, Steve turned Tony until he was standing with his back to the foot of the bed, facing out. Reaching up high, Steve carefully threaded the leads on Tony’s wrist ties over the horizontal bed beam.
“ ‘Ranch Mansion’ doesn’t have the same ring to it,” Clint said with a laugh. “Well, whatever we call it, I love it. Where should we put our stuff?”
Pepper took a deep breath and continued: “When Samia told me, she said I was basically the godmother to dozens of babies by now, or should be since these reforms have helped so many people start their families.” Pepper was talking faster and faster, the way she did when she was upset. “And then Aunt Maggie called and then Jeremy texted me and I—“
(Godamnit.)
She quirked an eyebrow. “You want to show Steve a movie in which a guardian angel shows a man what the world would be like if he hadn’t been around to live in it, but ends with him being restored to his loved ones and living happily ever after with them.”
“There you are!” Tony exclaimed as Natasha and Clint stepped out of the elevator. “Let the record state I was here and ready before you were. Even before Steve.”
Tony burst out laughing. Clint looked a little sheepish.
“ASAP.”
Cap, Widow, and Hawkeye were already advancing on the creature as one. It struggled away, dragging Tony with it—the damn thing was
“Yep!” Tony smiled, then sniffed himself. Yep. Time for a shower.
There was a time when Tony would have pressed her, but he was getting better.  Better at recognizing not everything needs an engineer to question and test and solve it.  Some things can’t be fixed; and not everything is broken that isn’t perfect yet.
Steve took a sip of his hot chocolate.  “So, uh, what are you working on?”
Tony’s hands were warm as he cupped Steve’s face, looking at him with great concentration.  Steve pressed his cheek against Tony’s palm.  Having his hands bound behind him back made him feel vulnerable and off balance (but I could break the cords easily, so why is that?)--  Tony grounded him and he just wanted to nuzzle the man’s hand, lick and kiss him.
“Iron Man, report!” Cap repeated. Bruce had opened their conversation up to the comms apparently.
“And I think,” Bruce added from Tony’s left, “it’s outrageous that SHIELD is treating
Tony deleted every dumb, pointless word he’d barfed up so far.
Clint laughed. “Are you nuts? Yeah. No.” Clint shook his head. “No way I’m facing the combined wrath of Banner, Cap, Rhodes, and Pepper Potts. Sorry, man.”
mom! Busted, man. So busted.” (Huh?) Steve shot Tony a baffled look.
” Tony gave him a significant look. “You spent twenty minutes at the edge of the balcony.”
“Well, maybe, but could you say no to Captain America making puppy dog eyes?”
“Hey, Steve?” Tony asked, voice quiet and tentative.   “How long have you been at this?”
“Yeah. Thought so.” Tony snorted. “Sure—go ahead and order pizza. Extra sausage, extra cheese.”
(Really? That was all Rogers? But… But . . . He . . . He said . . . Huh.)
“Of course, sir.”
“Workshop, J,” Tony said, stepping into the elevator. He’d only made it half way down when he remembered he was out of coffee in the workshop and the new machine hadn’t arrived yet. “No, wait. Back up, J. Communal kitchen. And start the coffee.”
“Is it really?” Pepper asked, her voice tense and worried. “God! I just want to shake that man and tell him I don’t fucking care if he’s Captain America-- if he does anything that hurts Tony they’ll never find his body!”
“Gotcha,” Pepper said with a little smirk. “It was terrible, wasn’t it?” She grimaced. Tony reached for the wrench sulkily.
“Thank you for taking charge of this,” Cap said.
“You’re a fox,” Tony said, bringing a blush to his cheeks and tilting his head a little more. “We both know I’m getting old.”
Mollified, Tony nodded. “Yeah, well. It happens. He’s an asshole, etc., but I had it under control. I was pissed because you charged in anyway and nearly caused us bad PR. Because, trust me, if that little incident had made it into the press, I’d be the one they made look bad and we—
“Yeah, here I am.”  Tony raised an eyebrow.  “I’m going to assume that if
Tony’s heart was racing and the air in the workshop seemed too thin. He took a long draught of coffee to compose himself.
“Good night.” Steve said, smiling and smiling. “Oh, and Tony? Happy new year.”
“Wish I could have,” Bruce replied.
. It’s a classic! You’ll love it! Come on—it’s team bonding, Cap.”
“Hey, Tony!” Tony Y called cheerfully, heading for the kitchen counter. “Hi, Steve! Hi, Avengers!”
With that, they walked inside.
Tony caught Steve’s eye as he approached; the look of relief on Steve’s face made him feel warm. (And it definitely wasn’t wishful thinking.) Tony gave Steve a grin and a wink, then schooled his expression to serious.
?”  Tony checked the HUD.  “Damn.  Fire blast just grounded me, Cap.  Gotta land.”
Steve looked down at Tony with an amused smile, but Tony was flustered and distracted. Steve’s smile fell.
well.”
. Thought you might be able to recommend something. Or maybe you have time for a break?”
“Yeah, Tony,” Steve said.  (See!  Words!) “It’s great.”
that he—
Perfect.  Tony hopped in the elevator.
Tony’s shivering abated as the heat lamps kicked into full swing. The air was crisp, cold but not punishing. Tony looked out at the dark expanse of Central Park. Over across the city, stood the mansion he’d grown up in, ostentatiously claiming a whole city block. He’d be going back there tomorrow morning. Back to where Mom and Howard--
Also, FYI: On my 16th birthday, my mother gave me a copy of The Joy of Sex with an almost identical inscription.  My mom is awesome.
Tony finished up with Dummy, wiped him off, and shooed him across the workshop.  Tony’s own joints creaked as he got up off the floor and he frowned.  (Ugh.  Old.)  He rummaged around in the workshop for a piece of paper.  And, seriously, when was the last time he’d done that?  After a while, in the bottom of a drawer, he found a yellow legal pad and a variety of pens.  The first five he tried were dried out, but he eventually found one that worked and jotted down a quick note:
His chest felt tight.
“Well,” Tony said, taking another long gulp of coffee. “It’s stupid-o’clock in the morning and I’m awake, so I might as well get to work.”
Steve was sitting in the back on the Quinjet’s low bench, his knees splayed as he sketched. (It would be the perfect height.) Tony looked at the spot at Steve’s feet. He wanted the warmth of Steve’s knee under his cheek, Steve’s hand in his hair, the sound of Steve’s approving murmuring.
“Yes?” Tony said it like a question, but Rogers took it for a real answer and smiled at him.  He broke six eggs carefully and whisked them with a fork.  Added salt and pepper.  Bruce must have showed him around—he knew more about Tony’s spices than Tony did.  Rogers put four slices of bread in the toaster.  Tony just sat at the kitchen counter and watched the whole thing.
“Tony?” he said after a moment.
“Tony?” Steve whispered so quietly it was little more than a breath against his neck. (A very hot, sexy breath.)
“I've already eaten,” Pepper said politely, “and I really do have to get through these reports.  Thank you for the invitation, though, Captain.”
Steve nodded. “Of course they did.” He added with a teasing smile, “Because you’re a
Steve smiled. “Right. Well, I was just wondering if you could help me set up the movie later and, if you’re not too busy, if maybeyou’dliketowatchitwithme.” (Oh god! He did that things were his words run together ‘cause he’s nervous. Idiot!)
“Have you two talked about Howard?” Pepper eventually asked.
This—now
Tony was still talking:  “I want to know, to understand, what went wrong.  Whatever it was, we need to talk about it . . . before making any—“  he paused. His voice was heavy. “-- major decisions.”
.) Even more distantly he tried to picture suggesting to Tony that they postpone sex until marriage.  Steve had to smother a laugh.
“So, let me see if I’ve got this,” Steve said. “Either, it looks like other aliens saw the arachnoid invasion and are trying to copy them. Or these are semi-natural phenomena, randomly occurring in the environment, kinda like a tornado.”
Tony frowned. “It’s hard to say. We’re never getting a complete data pull and I haven’t been able to accelerate the intake process. Those things really need to stay open for 45 minutes to get a full read. And they never seem to.”
“Katie, seriously, what the hell? You don’t have to keep--”
.  Tony froze.  Steve’s breath was hitching unevenly and his chest was heaving.
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
“Oh, yeah, gonna take you while you’re all soft and loose, ‘cause you're mine.”  Steve’s mouth watered as he tongued at Tony’s dick.   He hollowed his cheeks and sucked.
“Yep! But first, let’s drink some more eggnog with the team. I’ll take you down later.”
“Fine, fine.” Jackie patted the salon chair and Tony settled, ready for a nice long scalp massage and a hot shampoo.
“Hey,” Tony said a little uncertainly, rubbing his hand up and down Steve’s back. Steve just squeezed him tighter. Tony bit his lip, then asked, “Rough day at the office, babe?”
“Anyway, the attack passed—they always did eventually—but I’d given Bucky a good scare. He asked Father Gabe if he could stay and sit with me instead of going on to Mrs. O’Connors. Mom said, okay, so Buck stayed. We played checkers. I showed him some of my drawings.” Steve smiled, his expression distant.
Thank you so much for reading!  I hope it was worth waiting for.  Action scenes aren't my forte, so where necessary please suspend disbelief. :-)
: What you’ve done is brave.
Clint wanted to punch something.  (Hm.  Good idea.)
“Not as quickly as I am, and we both know that.” Deetz patted his paunch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay.” Pepper pursed her lips. “But if you did want to talk . . .”
(I’m fine.  It’s all gonna be fine.)  Strangest of all, he was pretty sure he meant it.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“That right there?” he said, pointing with his chin.  “It’s Tony’s handwriting. And if Tony doesn’t want to hear from you, why the hell would I help you out?”
So, yeah.  That happened.  Uh... Hope you like it!  (kinda hurt to write, honestly...)
“Ok! No, wait. I’ll take it in the workshop; tell him I’ll call him back in five,” Tony said, relieved to escape the awkward air of the kitchen. He looked at Steve and Clint and shrugged, “I’d better take this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve pulled back to look up at Tony through his lashes, but didn’t take his mouth entirely off Tony’s dick.  (Oh fuck!)  He paused, waiting for Tony to speak.
Tony nodded, lathering his hair with shampoo. He kept his face out of the spray as he rinsed, formulating a plan.
“You can’t know that,” Steve said, pulling back with a frown.
“Arc reactors?” Bruce said, frowning a little. “How does—“
(It’s good.  Don’t worry—I don’t have to worry.  Tony’s using me how he wants and that’s good. Be good.)
. Then again, maybe
(Oh fuck!)
(Yes, yes, yes…)
Tony snorted. (Meaning I’m a slut. Thanks, Hawk.)
“I said ‘tempted’ not ‘planning to’!”
There was a long pause.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t believe you’ve met my daughter,” Tyrone said, chin up, shoulders back with visible pride. “May I present Ms. Sylvia Margaret Macmillan. Mr. Anthony Stark.”
“Yeah.”  Tony waited only a few seconds before offering a few theories, as though he couldn’t quite resist: “Was it just coming out of subspace?”  Steve blinked.  (Huh?)  Tony continued, “Or the overall stimulation aggregate?  Or did I—”  Tony broke off abruptly, then added, “Uh, yeah.  Can you tell me about it?”
Steve let out a weary chuckle and pulled away, shaking his head.
“ ‘m glad you came,” Steve mumbled against Tony’s shoulder.  Tony’s chest felt tight.  (Oh fuck, I love you.)
“What have you talked about?”
“Nothing,” Steve repeated again, a storm gathering across his face.  He glared.
“Bruce,”  she said quietly and Tony really should have known, shouldn’t have been surprised, but he was.  He really was.
“I mean, I’m pretty sure people still give flowers in the twenty-first century, right?” Steve said it jokingly, but there was an underlying ripple of uncertainty as he stood holding out the flowers.
Tony clenched down on Steve’s cock and savored Steve’s rough words: “Tony, gorgeous . . .
“Oh, he took your advice all right,” Tony said, rolling his eyes. “Wanted to make sure—“ (I wasn’t being harassed by my own Dom, never mind his fucking agents who--)  “—uh, everything was above board.”
Tony to fuck him.
“As a matter of fact, there is,” she said briskly.  “He’s completed his--” there was a split second pause as she searched for the word-- “--program.  He’s returning to Stark Tower on Monday.”
(Everything was fine. Good, even.)
“Okay,” Tony conceded. “Maybe I was
(And here we go. . . )
(10J⋅m
Tony blinked. “Mr. Stark? I come visit you and all of a sudden I’m ‘Mr. Stark’ again?”
“I know you just woke up,” Steve said, “But I got you a little something.”
Tony laughed. It turned into another long, wet cough, but when Steve tried to stroke Tony’s back the man twisted away.
“Excellent. You were originally on the guest list as ‘plus one,’ but even after the attack they haven’t sold all the tickets and would love an extra bump. Their publicist asked if all the Avengers might be willing to attend as a group and, if so, if she’s allowed to leak that to the press.”
(Now we’re getting somewhere!)
“Well, the workshop is still mine. Technically.”
“Pretty sure you’re doing all the work,” Steve said, glancing down at his feet again as they spun. He promptly over-compensated.
took Home Ec?”
Apparently, the alternative had never occurred to Howard.
v50 = (U*) 1/3f (Ad\Ap)
“Please, Tony.  Let me touch you,” Steve whispered.  “I want to make you feel good.”  Now Tony’s thumb was stroking that spot, where his jaw met his throat, the spot that drove him crazy.  Steve added roughly, “I’ll be so good for you . . . make it so good.  Please?”
“Ooh, is that us?” Pepper asked, stepping into the kitchen. On screen, they were shimmying their butts and shoulders in unison, then shaking their hands.
“Scotch, please.” The bartender nodded, but as he turned for the bottle Tony amended, “Actually, make that a soda water.”
The creature took a tiny step forward too.
“No,” Steve said, smiling. “No you don’t.”
“Sounds good,” Rogers said, heading for the stairs. “See you soon.”
“Yes!” Tony moaned.  “Please!  Take me
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Where’s Cap?” Tony repeated, peering around.
Then Steve swallowed, drew his shoulders back, and said firmly, “Good.  I want you to come.”
Bruce just looked down at the board and raised his eyebrow again.
say “we need to talk,” Steve.)
“It’s late,” Natasha said, shaking her head. “Time for bed.”
“President Kennedy, 1963!”
“I’m serious,” Bruce insisted.  “I think he has a little crush on you.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve was fleeing the kitchen all over again and, clearly, he should just lock himself in his rooms and never—
There was something odd in the professor’s voice and Steve started to worry that the old man wouldn’t give him the referral card after all.  He held his breath as Professor Ellis finally looked up and met his eyes.
up and down . . .
Steve’s sweet eagerness, the open affection on his face, had soothed even Tony’s most paranoid fears.  And it was a good thing Steve had pounced him when his brain was still off-line—it removed the possibility that Tony would over-think and do something stupid.  And they’d reconnected physically, without any sort of power exchange!  So really, today was a great day to Talk.  Perfect, really.  Better than last night, even if that was when he’d meant to do it.  (Oops.)
“Yeah, right.
, but Tony snapped at her anyway. And she was so
(Shit.)
“They’re for you and I wanted to offer them to you tonight.  I’d like to see you in them.  I’d like to cuff you to the headboard, but we don’t have to do that now.  We have lots of time.”  He caressed Steve’s cheek, looking down at him with an expression so tender Steve thought his heart might burst.  (Not really . . . ridiculous, but that’s what it feels like . . . oh fuck, Tony. . . )
Tony watched the team settle into friendly chatter.  Clint loaded the dishwasher.  Natasha got five of the big blue mugs down from the cupboard and laid them out on the counter.
“Okaaaay,” Rhodey said, syllables drawn out. “So you wanna tell me why I had Captain America on the phone wanting to know if you’re okay and asking me to check on you?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony perked up.
“I’m sorry I lost my temper,” Steve whispered against Tony’s cheek.  He rubbed Tony’s back for a few minutes.  Eventually, he added with a sigh, “But we really do need to talk.”
“No.”  Steve took a deep breath.  “Then he said that this relationship would draw heavy fire when it went public—which it would because it’s impossible to keep something like this a secret, especially where we’re concerned.  Said people wouldn’t like us together. I told him, rather more delicately, I didn’t give a damn.”
“Okay. I understand that,” Steve said slowly and deliberately. “But I’m
“I’m gonna untie you now, sweetheart,” Steve said, “then get us cleaned up.”
“Welcome to St. Michael’s,” a woman’s voice said softly.  “Just let me know if you’d like a tour or any information about the architecture or our ministries.  I’d be happy to—  Oh!  Steve!”
Steve sighed.  Should he know the answer to that?  Did he know?
“Uh, no. Where are you anyway?”
When Tony arrived at the opulent salon, Jackie tsked loudly at him and grimaced with disapproval.
“I’ll inform him, sir.”
“I’d love that,” Steve said, then asked in a low tone, teasingly formal, “May I have the honor of escorting you home?”
Tony laughed again, and it turned into a hacking, wet cough. Steve hovered awkwardly, wanting to do something, but unable to decide what.
Tony took a pained little breath, cheeks heating with shame and anger and—
“It’s an acronym, not an insult!”
“How are things going in the lab?”
I'm BACK!  With extreme gratitude to lilragekitten who heroically figured out my timeline so I could focus on writing new chapters.  The timeline revealed that Tony and Steve went on their first date just THREE WEEKS ago.  Feels like years, doesn't it?  Oh, right.  In RL time it has been years.  *face palm*  I've gotta finish this story soon.....
Tony clutched at him, fingernails digging into the back of Steve’s neck.  (Oh!)  Steve gasped and came, shuddering and jerking against Tony’s lean body.  (Oh, God.  Tony . . .) He shivered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve gave him an exceptionally chaste little good night kiss and high tailed it out of the workshop.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steven’s eyes flicked across Tony’s costume and he said, “If you’ll forgive me for saying so, Prince Anthony, it seems you’ve come from a strange land too.  At least to me.”
“Nonsense,” Mrs. Rhodes said, sprinkling more flour on the counter.
As Tony gathered bowls and utensils (even napkins!), then picked out the best beers for their pizzas, Steve and Bruce chatted about
“You’re still hard,” Tony murmured, sounding pleased. “You like kneeling for me, like being bound, don’t you?”  Steve nodded again.  “Tell me, Steve.  Tell me what you were thinking about.”
“What?” Tony cried. “I thought he was promising.”
Pepper hesitated and his throat closed up.
•	Armored Vehicle SW-4458 (4)
“Yeah,” Tony whispered, smiling.  “I’m great.”
“You’re looking very smart,” Steve said after a moment.
Tony downed some more of the coffee.
Um, sorry to leave you here...  I thought about waiting until I could post the events of the entire night, but the next bit might take a little while and I was eager to share what I have.  Hope you like it!
“Which I’m putting up,” Clint cut in.
“Yes, Steve.”
Mrs. Rhodes patted his hand reassuringly and shook her head, clearly amused. (Oh, right. She was teasing.) “Don’t be silly, dear. The oven you have is fine. Just want to be sure there isn’t an arc reactor in there to mess up the timing on my pies.”
Steve walked away from the bed, then paused, watching as Stark reached up to run a tender finger down her cheek. "Always cleaning up my messes, Ms. Potts," he slurred sadly, eyes full of--
“You’re lovely,” Steve mumbled, kissing Tony’s hair. Tony smiled and curled a little closer, muscles going lax as he took another deep breath of Steve’s now-familiar scent.
making smores?” Bruce protested. Clint just snorted and kept rummaging through the pantries—the many
A warm, strong hand settled on Tony’s shoulder.
I'm BAAAAACK!!!! :)
Bob disappeared after thirty-seven minutes and, if anyone had doubted Tony’s volume and inventiveness in the field of swearing, they would doubt no longer. Seriously, it should be his seventh PhD.  Some of the SHIELD agents even looked
(The Captain was getting loud; Tom’s ears hurt with the enhancers.)
you.”
Tony just shook his head and smiled at Steve over the rim of his mug. He took several long gulps and sighed, grateful that Steve made his joe like a man who remembered and
“Hi, Tony,” Pepper’s voice filled the elevator.
Natasha draped herself across the armchair and pulled knitting needles and yarn out of a small canvas bag.
) Steve flushed.  (Yeah.  We’re good.  Tony wants it like this too.)  Tony had seemed
“Steve?”
“Get up.”
who’d be getting tied up, but he kept it to himself.  Steve had seemed a little sex-shy lately and, though Tony sure hoped he was getting laid on Valentine’s day, well--no pressure.)
“Pardon?” Rogers looked at him, expression a hint alarmed, his hand frozen mid-chop.
(No real regrets even if he’d had a rude awakening. At least, no regrets caused by the hangover.) It had been great to see Pep and Rhodey unwind. They clearly did it so infrequently. The team, though . . . He wasn’t sure--
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
But there was something that’d been buzzing urgently at the back of Tony’s mind. Something Tony’d been putting off— worried he’d mess up, that he’d do more harm than good, that he’d damage their new friendship—but it was important enough he had to try. (Because who else was gonna say it?)
This chapter is dedicated to my friend, A---, who recently came out to her parents.  I’m so happy for you, love.  (Her girlfriend will now be spending Christmas with them at the Parsonage.  Yay! All is well.)
But he never did.
“I’ll never hurt you,” Steve promised, “except the ways you want me to.”
“I just felt bad for beating you so badly last time,” Tony said. “Had to let you reclaim some dignity.”
Tony smiled, but it was a brittle thing.
Tony gave himself a final check in the mirror and ditched the pocket square.
) and eased forward.  He gagged.  (No!  Damn it!)   A frustrated little noise escaped as he pulled back to suck Tony’s cock again.
“Just set it on the console,” Tony said absently, then added, “I don’t like being handed things.”
"I hardly think you're the right candidate for this," Phillips said, "since the thought fills you with such revulsion. I misunderstood your willingness to serve your country."
Rogers nodded and gave him an approving smile. Tony opened the fridge and buried his head inside it. After a few moments, Rogers repeated a quiet, “I’m glad you could make it,” and carried the last tray of snacks over to the coffee table. Clint joined Tony at the fridge.
She was making that face Tony made—the “disappointed or maybe hurt, but would rather die than let you know it”  look.  Steve tried to give her a little smile as he added, “And, trust me, I’m really not as interesting as people think.  Dead boring in clubs.”  She was frowning just slightly, maybe preparing a rebuttal, so Steve rushed on,  “But, thank you for the invitation anyway.  Have a wonderful evening.”
“I guess it depends on if an extra-terrestrial encounter was as rare for them as it was for us,” Bruce said seriously. “And their narrative traditions. And the status of that particular Eewoo. And, really, a host of cultural issues we can’t properly imagine.”
Another longer-than-usual chapter.  Enjoy!
Tony’s humming became more and more deliberate. He realized it was turning into a down tempo version of “I Wanna Hold Your Hand,” but he figured Bruce like The Beatles, so that was fine.
Steve’s hips rolled subtly against Tony as he ran his hand up and down Tony’s side. He licked his lips, but didn’t interrupt; his eyes lingered on his dog tags around Tony’s neck. Tony struggled to keep the story moving.
Tony cleared his throat. (Right. Clothes.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Beams of electric blue light surrounded the Rectangle of Creepiness, running up and down it.  Huh. They didn’t actually illuminate the damn thing— it clearly made photons go . . . wack. (To be technical about it.)
It was like Tony was seeing double. There he was,
Tony closed his eyes and took a shuddering breath. “Yeah,” he breathed, taking Steve’s left wrist. “They’ll look beautiful on you.”
(‘I’m here’—yeah, great comfort.  You’re the asshole who fucked up.  But how?)
Eventually, his mind still a blur of numbers, Tony reached out for pizza and felt around in an empty box.  He blinked and looked up, alone in his workshop.  (Steve?)  There was a piece of heavy sketch paper, wrapped in onion paper, with a note on top of it “for Tony.”  He wiped his fingers on his shirt and reached for the note.
“They seem to hate the repulsors,” Cap called over the rushing wind. “Let’s try the shield move on them.”
to be the one who defines everything and explains it to me, teaches me.  And . . .”  Steve paused, clearly considering his words.  Tony was desperate to cut in, but knew better; he bit his tongue to keep silent.
A search for “War Machine Iron Man portal New York” gave him over eleven-hundred hits, many of them video. Tony hit play.
“Whoo-hoo!” Rhodey whooped and fist pumped. “I knew it! I fucking knew it!”
“Yes, sir.  I’ve placed the order.”
“No!  It was . . .” Tony shook his head.  “Habit.  From the past.”  Tony’s voice went light and breezy, tyring to lighten the mood, “Don’t take me so seriously.” Tony shrugged.  “I didn’t mean it.  It was nothing.”
“Can’t distract me, so cough it up.  Who is she?  Why aren’t you telling me?  And, seriously, what the fuck—”  Rhodey scowled at him.  “Why’d Pepper hear it first?!”
Tony jolted at the sound of Rogers’ voice.  He’d been so lost in thought he’d almost forgotten the Captain was there.
“Sure, baby,” Tony said, with a little smile.  “Sounds nice. You can take me on an old fashioned date—if you ask nicely.”
wasn’t what Steve had originally started to say, but Tony was grateful anyway. He could apparently, maybe, on occasion offer comfort to a grieving friend, but talking about feelings and gratitude and friendship and stuff afterwards would probably push him across the line.
“Okay,” Steve said with a smile. “I’ll be right back.”
“Mmmm-hmm.”
“Why wouldn’t you let me suck you off? I
Yeah, I don't know what happened with this one.  But somehow this is what the characters did...
he’d presented, like it was a celebration either way. (Unlike Ho— No. Shit. What was with him today?)
Tony parted his lips in a contented sigh and Steve nipped at his lower lip before pressing in a little with his tongue. Tony’s heart started picking up the pace. He was sorely tempted to deepen the kiss himself, but now more than ever he wanted to let Steve lead, even in the little things.
(“Steve?  Steve
Tony swallowed. “Cause, it kinda looks like you’ve been right here for four days, not even changing out of the uniform.” Still no answer.
Pepper’s face went tight. “Tony, I’m so sorry that they—“
Tony grinned.  (Wasn’t that nice?
“Yeah, yeah, Brucie,”  Tony waved at him.  “I’ll give you this one, though you never stated an explicit hypothesis.  You just dropped not-as-subtle-as-you-thought *hints* at your hypothesis.  So, actually, no--  you can’t have full credit.”
“Looks great,” Tony said grabbing his fork.  Beside him Rogers had his hands folded and head bowed.  Seriously?  Well, at least he didn’t expect them all to say grace together or something.
“Makes sense, though, right?” Clint continued, “Cap’s dealing with the future and now the media frenzy. Probably good to show him we can still, you know, think of him as a person not just some icon.”
“It needs to be said,” she answered, hand firm at the small of his back. “You’ve always been so brave in your life; nobody should have been surprised by your heroism on the battlefield.”
“No problem,” Tony said. He looked around Rogers’ apartment, hoping for a new topic of conversation, but the place was uninspiringly barren. Rogers hadn’t hung any artwork or photos, hadn’t unpacked anything on the living room shelves. His kitchen was spotless and empty; there weren’t even clean dishes on the drying rack, or a washrag hanging from the faucet. The only sign that someone had been in the room recently was a sketchpad and a few wooden pencils on the coffee table between them.
(Yes!)
“You wish, man! Nat and I have been working on new moves. You won’t know what hit ya!”
(And, if anybody has a few extra dollars for charitable giving that haven't been allocated yet this holiday season, sub!Tony would like to suggest an RL version of the Submissives' Rights & Protection Organization, someplace that helps to stop gender discrimination and violence...  V-day, for example, does some really amazing work: http://www.vday.org/home.  He just, you know, wanted to bring it to your attention, with his usual modesty and charm... *blushes*)
When at last Steve opened his eyes, he found Tony turned towards him, studying his face intently. Like he was a puzzle to be solved.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you all so very much for your kind words on chapter 4!  And thanks once more to Rex Luscus for the awesome post-it notes!
Tony unscrewed the bottom of the laptop he’d been playing with again.
“Knock-knock?”
Wow.  Just, wow.  Not so many things on Steve’s “love” list (yet!), but (oh god) no shock to see both “anal sex” and “begging” at the top of the list.  (And, okay, alphabetizing, but whatever.)  Also he’d marked a whole ton of “curious” and “unsure,” with very few negative ratings outside his hard limits.  Tony read through it, slowly and steadily, unsurprised by much of what he found.  (No really—Steve Rogers isn’t into scat?)
“I love Italian,” Tony assured him, stepping a little closer.
you now, Steve. I trust you. I’m not going to shut you out over some little thing.” Steve didn’t look reassured.
“Tony!”  (Huh.  That came out kind of ‘Captain America.’)
Steve could see the tear tracks on Tony’s cheeks, but he didn’t care. (It was fine. Good.) Steve just knelt there, stroking Tony’s hair in a slow steady rhythm as Tony’s eyelids grew heavier and heavier until eventually sleep took him.
Tony fiddled absently with the wrench he’d been using on the Security Blanket and glared at the screen.
. . . slapped me across the face and asked what I’d done to you.”
Tony felt like the wind was knocked out of him when Rhodey continued, stumblingly awkward, “I mean, just ‘cause he’s Captain America, that doesn’t— I wouldn’t assume, uh--”
When Tony arrived on the common floor, Bruce was peering into a steaming pot while Nat King Cole soulfully wished everyone a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
The club was exactly what one would expect of LA: chic, minimalist, dim and crowded, populated by the wealthy and fashionable or the young and beautiful. (Tony was no doubt the oldest sub the bouncers had let through the door. But, hey, he was
“Thank you again for a wonderful evening,” Steve said. He swallowed roughly and glanced to the elevator. “I, uh, I should probably go . . .”
Steve’s fingers caressed his neck then tipped his chin up as Steve leaned awkwardly down for a kiss.  Tony knelt up to meet him and parted his lips eagerly, inviting more. Steve let out a little noise and pressed into Tony’s mouth, drawing him closer, hands roaming Tony’s body with new urgency.
Tony frowned.
Tony paused.
If there are things you especially liked here, you know how much I love hearing about them.  Thank you so much.  I'm so grateful for all the kindness.
"An untouched young omega is by any standard a princely gift," Fury said, pulling out a chair and straddling it indecorously. "That's good, sure.  Important.  We need someone with the brains to stay on the prince's good side, to keep him favorably disposed towards our little nation and her interests."
“Most of it’s with contractors—turning office spaces into apartments, but one project’s really all me.  I’m making a new gym.  One that can hold up to Iron Man and super-soldiers doing training exercises together.”
“They do,” Colbert agrees. “So, funding is one way to remedy the situation. But it seems like that’s only part of the problem.”
Tony could not do this shit on 38 hours without sleep.
They drank quietly for a moment before Tony took a step closer. He laid a hand on Steve’s arm as he looked up and asked seriously, “But really. Are you doing okay?”
“JARVIS, bring up the document history—put the list of alterations and edits on a side screen.”
“Look,” Pepper said, “apparently I’m behind on developments at the Tower—and don’t you dare think you’re getting away without spilling details!—but what I just heard is that you like Steve. And you want to go on a date with him.”
“When Tony and I got together you assumed—“
At last the end credits began to roll and the team chatted pleasantly about the film--the quality of the acting, the CGI, the emotional impact of various scenes.
“Thank you, Tony,” Bruce said again. Tony shrugged and handed an envelope and a small box to Natasha: season tickets to the ballet and a small emerald pendant. (One of his mother’s more modest pieces.)
“Nope! I’ve got an empty bedroom just for you,” Tony promised. “Come on! Nice fresh air at the ranch would do you good—get you away from LA.”
“Mr. Stark, if I may?” a deep voice said beside him.
(Oh shit. Didn’t send them a thank you gift either.) Tony bit his lip. (Pepper probably did, but still . . .)
•	Hammer 5000 Anti-aircraft 477 Missiles (9)
“And that insane memorabilia collection of Howard’s? Tony had me get ready to sell the whole thing at Christie’s—
Jackie didn’t gasp or clutch his pearls. He just nodded with satisfaction and said, “Good.”
And Tony had a feeling it was about to get even better . . .
“Anyway,” Steve said, looking down bashfully and lowering his voice, “I used to have this little daydream. My health’d get better, and I’d have a really good job—drawing comics and political cartoons. And there’d be this sub, see? Smart and witty. All fiery and independent, and, god, just so handsome! And I’d bring him here on a date, introduce him to Luca and Anna, and we’d have this amazing dinner and then I’d leave them the best tip ever, just loads. And after dinner, this sub—my special fella—he’d let me steal a kiss at the door.”
“Good. ‘cause I’m gonna kick your ass extra hard for being late.”
Earlier, Tony had eaten a heaping plate of pancakes, bacon, and eggs, which he’d praised to the sky making Steve want to preen and puff out his chest.  Steve had even kissed Tony in the kitchen—twice!  And, okay fine, nobody had actually been present to see it, but still.  Tony had seemed almost hesitant when he mentioned having some projects in his workshop, but Steve had shooed him down to work and play.  (See?  Not trying to change you!)  Then Steve had left for his run.
“Of course,” Steve said. A pause. “It’s a pleasure. As always.”
The bartender gave Steve a queer look, but didn’t say anything. Miss Rushman studied Steve’s face with an intense expression while the man brought their order. Steve flushed, then turned brighter red as the man set the coffee in front of her and handed Steve the vodka. She traded their drinks immediately, paid, and raised her glass saying, “Cheers.”
Steve smiled and stepped forward to offer his hand. “Nice to meet you, sir.”
“My reputation?” Tony repeated, shaking his head.  “As if dating Captain America could damage my reputation.”
Steve raised his hands to unbutton the top button of his shirt, then glanced around the workshop. His ears turned pink and he paused.
Ta-da!
Natasha shook her head with a smile, then leaned over to kiss him on the cheek.
supposed to tell them that. Fury gave you explicit orders.”
Nat raised an eyebrow. “I am not amused.”
Tony smiled--vicious. "Then what are you waiting for?" he asked. "Get your cock out and fuck me. Fuck me up, hold me down and--"
“Hands behind your back!”
“I didn’t say a word about your orientation,” Fury said a little sharply.
Tony’s face was relaxed with sleep, his lips parted.  Steve noticed for the first time that there were little flecks of grey in the stubble around Tony’s well-trimmed beard, but no grey in his hair.  There were fine lines around his eyes.  Steve smiled.  He pictured Tony frowning and squinting at the projections in the workshop, when Tony was running on too much coffee and too little sleep.
As they stepped into the elevator, Cap looked at Clint with expectant curiosity.
) for days—he wanted to know if it fit!
Belford jumped away, but hissed, deadly quiet, “You little
Before Tony could answer, Dummy wheeled over with an excited whirring noise.
“Fine.  I--” he took a deep breath. “I promise that
“This place looks amazing,” Tony said. (And actually meant it. Seriously--there was an elderly couple speaking Italian at the next table!) “So, how did you pick it?”
(Fuck!  Steve, oh fuck!)
“FUCK!”
Little by little, Steve’s kisses grew deeper and more urgent. This was going well! (Maybe they wouldn’t have to talk?) Steve’s hands closed around Tony’s wrists and dragged Tony’s arms behind his back, pinning them. Tony’s heart leapt. He let out a low moan and—
and Thai food, Tony was kinda surprised to get another, “Captain Rogers regrets he is unavailable, but thanks you for the invitation.”
“Would you like to say a few words, Tony?” Mrs. Rhodes asked as she took her seat. (He knew what she was
Thank you so much for your patience and support!  This chapter was a struggle to write, so if you liked this chapter or had a favorite bit, or maybe have nice or curious ramblings in response, I’d really really love to hear from you.  (I may write a meta about their scene on tumblr?)  Anyway, I really hope you liked it. *blushes, stammers, hides*
Tony turned, heading back to the elevator, “Anyway, now you know where all the basics are, so I’ll let you settle in.  I’m going back to the lab.”
“Hey, Jarvis?” Tony called, pouring another cup of coffee. “Gimmie the specs for the training robots. And let’s get some Taylor Swift going.”
Steve nodded, face still hidden, arms tight around Tony’s waist.
“Well what do you want me to say, Tony?” Steve snapped.
(Can’t go under; not really gonna drop, now am I?)
“The Captain’s a good man,” Natasha said. (Ah shit.  Et tu, Widow?  I
Tony perked up.
Steve looked a little wide-eyed taking it all in.
He must have looked a little off, though, because Steve paused as he backed away. His brow furrowed and he asked, “Are you all right, Tony?”
Pepper was talking again—something, something, did all he could, could have been so much worse, bravery, something something—but his mind was still spinning around
“I’m glad.”
EDITED TO ADD: 2/4/2020: I've had a rough time lately ( https://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/190431522891/not-great)  and must admit I won't really have time to write until I meet some major work deadlines in late May.  But then I'm hoping to set aside a nice chunk of my vacation time and have a writer's retreat with the hope of finishing this beast in 2020!
about nestling in Steve’s arms and Tony found himself going loose and relaxed even as his mind raced with tantalizing possibilities: images of Steve’s naked body, a wide expanse of creamy skin; the thought of rope or restraints, secure around his wrists; the sound of smacking flesh and labored breathing. Tony licked his lips. There was warmth pooling in his belly, low and tight.
Steve sucked then eased the cock to his throat, over and over. Sometimes he choked, but he seemed to be getting better, and the whole time he imagined Tony’s hand in his hair, his soft filthy praises in his ears.
(Woo hoo!)
Steve nodded.  Tony scooted closer, kissed him on the cheek, and handed him the tablet.
“Chatter!”
Tony’s breath caught and he felt a (ridiculous, absurd) swell of gratitude. Steve’s feet were there—big and solid and
“And you,” Tony replied. “Actually, I was thinking of you just the other day.”
. And if you go solo you don’t have to worry about some shit guy interfering all the time!”
Tony took a sharp little breath and Steve tensed.  (Shit!  You know better than to mention God to Tony!  Idiot.)  But then Tony ruffled Steve’s hair playfully and said in a teasing voice: “Miracle?  Pretty sure it was technology, Cap.”
“You have to give yourself a moment to recover.  It’s a reflex you’re trying to control.  Once you set it off, you have to take time to reset. Relax and—“  Steve moved his tongue against Tony’s shaft.  “Just,
“Uh, yeah,” Rogers answered.  “2:16 actually.”
“Fine.  And, no, this is Avengers stuff.”
“We need to talk,” Steve said.
“Just lemme swing by the kitchen and make a sandwich first,” Tony added with a little glance at Steve.
“Bitch, you got a lotta nerve asking for an appointment this close to a major society event.”
Warnings for period typical slurs, stereotypes, and (internalized) homophobia.  It's the 1930's, y'all, so they're honestly doing pretty well.
@bitchinkiki
(You can
Tony smiled. “I do. And you have my permission to drop some hints to your most trusted circle.”
“Oh, you mean Jeremy?” she grimaced. “Dumped him. Fucking poser.”
“Why’s it all or nothing with you?!” Steve asked with frustration, running his fingers through his hair and shaking his head, clearly agitated.
Tony rolled his eyes and took a sip of coffee.
“Of course.  I think Katie Winters might wring my neck if I tried to back out.  Or she’d get Michael to do it.”
Tony shook his head angrily; it made him feel dizzy.
Like Tony was some wild doe to be tamed with scraps.  Was making Tony an omelet a victory somehow?  Did that mean Tony’d lost?
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony was full of a warm, lazy pleasure. Mrs. Rhodes, Pepper, and Rhodey had settled in seamlessly and everyone seemed in awe of Mrs. Rhodes, particularly Steve. For all her small size and advanced years, she had a commanding way that any general would envy. She’d been an office manager for AT&T for many years and had run her division with truly military efficiency. Dinner had been full of easy conversation and Tony’d managed not to look at his phone or tablet once. (Mrs. Rhodes hated people checking their phones during dinner.)
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, thank you,” Pepper said, a little primly.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
He’d had no idea.  How stressful, how exhausting it must be! How could Tony possibly want to do all that work?  Steve shook his head.  He felt so stupid.  Of course, on some level Steve had realized that giving up control actually meant giving it
“Fuck!  You want it, don’t you?  Wanna swallow my come?”
Tony checked his reflection over and grabbed his great coat.
“I’ll try,” Steve promised.
. Where’s my cynical engineer?”
.) Tony nearly sighed with relief when Steve finished, “then, how about now?”
“They’re all fine though? You said my team was safe, right?”
“I’m gonna make you feel so good,” Tony promised roughly.
Tony licked his lips and nodded again.  Steve smiled and kissed his forehead.
Tony shook his head.  “No, it’s fine.  I’m at a stopping place.  JARVIS, save my work.”
Then again, maybe Rogers just wanted something familiar.  That would make sense.  The guy was a stranger in a strange fucking land, after all.
place (where they had to order fifty dishes to have enough food).  They were all great, and the owners were used to them.  But, well, those were all
Tony nodded again and opened the box.  “Thanks.  This is,” he fumbled for the right phrase, “really great.”
“What!? No!” Tony fumbled. (Shit. Miscalculated.) “No, it’s cool! Cook wherever. I don’t think this kitchen’s ever had so much cooking happen in it, really, which is pretty ‘
“My God,” Bruce said. “It’s mimicking you!”
“Yeah.”
“Yes, of course,” Steve said, hurrying forward. Grateful not to be the pained spectator to their intimate scene any longer.
Fuck. Tony’d known that Fury thought he had a good carrot in his back pocket, but this? Tony’d been certain his spot on the Avengers went out the door for good when he had palladium poisoning.  (Well shit.)  He bit his lip.
“Yeah.  Not what SHIELD’s been using it for, I know, but I was thinking about the retiarius—you know, the Roman gladiator?—and it seemed like it might adapt well.”
(God knows, I would have been at thirteen. And I didn’t live through the Mary Jacobs’ trial . . .)
Tony nodded. Pepper let out a relieved sigh and turned the dial for him.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
The Northman just laughed.  “You’ll see the King for yourself soon enough, lad.”
“Sorry,” Tony said, “I’m still not quite used to this being a common area.”
“No.”
“Sir!  You authorized me to use the sprinklers.”
Tony shrugged.
Thank you so much for the comments and kindness.  As always, it's great hearing from you.  If you have a favorite bit, do please let me know!  It really helps inspire me and has, in some cases, helped shape the trajectory of the story.
Bruce brightened.  “The collapsed wave-particle?”
Steve blinked a few times. As he grew more alert, his smile faded and he sat up. He rubbed the back of his neck. “Damn. How long was I out?”
Steve nodded, rubbing his face against Tony’s hand, but Tony shook his head.
Rhodey grinned up at him. “Relax, man. Just a little banged up. War Machine had a rough week.” Rhodey grimaced. “You know how it is.”
“Of course,” Tony said, then added, “If he comes.”
“There,” Tony said. “You’re mine too.”
Rogers flipped his shit when he thought SHIELD was putting something—how’d he put it?—
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said. “Sounds good.”
“It was cruel,” Tony said, dropping his gaze in shame then forcing himself to look up, not to seem like he’s performing another act of manipulative submission.  “I lashed out.  Because I was angry that you were right--I didn’t think about Bruce, but I didn’t want to admit it, even to myself.”
“Of course, sir.” A pause. “Would you also like to set a timer or reminder?”
Steve pulled himself to his feet, waited a moment, then walked to the door. He paused.
, and quizzed Steve about his trip to Magdalene House.
Tony smiled back. “I’ll have to read it!”
“Sir?”
Rogers hit ‘play’ and that was that. No reproachful glances, no cold politeness; no nervous fidgeting, no flirtatiousness. Just Rogers’ usual earnest friendliness.
TACTICAL SUPPORT (slide 1):
Tony’s heart started beating faster and there was a warmth spreading from his chest and--.
Tony smiled very slightly at the praise.
He destroyed two punching bags at three a.m. when he couldn’t sleep.
Something about that step, the little pause, the slope of his shoulders, and the way Rogers blinked all made Tony think that there was more to it than that.  It only made Tony more curious.
“Looking at the final round of results Howard said, dazed—like he was in a state of shock—right in front of me, like I wasn’t even there anymore: ‘But he was supposed to change the world.’”
Steve was running too fast—he knew that, knew people were starting to stare.  He really shouldn’t let himself run like this in public, but it was hard to slow down, hard to hold back.  He felt like he was flying and each pounding footfall was crying out “He loves me! He loves me!  He loves me!”  Steve was grinning like a loon and didn’t care in the least.  It was a beautiful, crisp autumn day in Central Park and everything was perfect, beautiful, amazing.
“Its ok,” Tony said. “Passionate scenes can dredge up all kinds of feelings. For me too.”
(Pep’s right . . . I did all I could, but I
Steve let out a happy sigh and felt like he was preening inwardly.  (It’s not like I did something amazing . . .  Why do I feel so absurdly proud?  Because.  Just, because.)  Steve sighed again, letting go of his lingering uncertainty and going more and more languid under Tony’s attentions.  (I made Tony happy.  Doesn’t matter.  Don’t over-think it. . . .)  He was still hard, but not aching; his lingering arousal felt like a vague buzzing in the background.  Steve lost track of time, lulled by Tony’s affectionate touches.
Steve nodded.  Then Tony swung his leg over to straddle Steve’s back.   Steve held his breath, thrilled by the weight of Tony’s body on top of him.  Using the added leverage, Tony went back to massaging Steve’s neck and shoulders, his hands warm and soothing.  Steve took long, deep breaths, relaxing more and more.
Tony turned. The man who’d spoken was bald, tall, and thin—almost lanky—wearing an immaculate tuxedo and small wire rim glasses. He looked familiar, but Tony couldn’t place him.
“Is it true?” the Captain asked immediately.
century and even now all the lights felt just a little too bright, the corridors just a little too narrow.  The open floor plan at Stark Tower had been an immediate relief, even if the furniture had felt too cold and the size of it somehow wasteful.
“Yeah,” Bruce nodded, then gave an awkward smile. “Uh, if possible, I’d rather just be Bruce Banner, scientist. If I
Tony pulled a lager from the fridge, then put it back and grabbed an IPA, though it was a poor substitute for Belgian ale. Natasha was curled in the far armchair. Bruce was next to her on the couch, then Rhodey and Rogers with Clint in the opposite armchair. Tony wiggled in between Bruce and Rhodey and grabbed a slice of pizza.
(Oh God, yes please . . .) The desire to please Tony was like a heavy yearning, an ache deep in his chest or coiled tight in his stomach.  He wanted Tony to use him, and the very word sent a frisson on guilty pleasure through him.  (
“Yep,” Tony said, looking a little nervous.  “You know me so well.  Workshop, workshop, workshop.”
“Oh, fuck,” Tony mumbled.  Steve could hear him rummaging around in the black bag and then the familiar sound of a plastic cap flicking open.  Steve’s heart leapt.
“Mr. Stark?” Rogers called, running after Tony as he headed off to join Bruce.
“We should catch up properly sometime,” Tony said, trying to find a graceful way to excuse himself.
Pepper laughed again and came over, heels clicking, to kiss him on the cheek. “See you after work.”
“Thank you,” Tony said.
“Uh-huh,” Tony muttered. (Didn’t really answer my question.)
“That’s not true,” Pepper said, then, “Oh, Tony.”
There was another possibility, though.  Was Rogers trying to
Rogers shrugged.  “Nothing much.  I’m not half the cook Bruce is, but this counts as fuel.”
Tony squeezed his hand for a moment before dropping it.
Thank you for reading and for your kindness!  There's more on the way (hopefully more quickly this time...).
) What was Tony supposed to think after that?  (I told him what I wanted sexually before I even said I loved him!  What the hell’s the matter with me?) Steve’s heart rate was climbing.  (Does he think I’m using him?  That we’re together because there’s nobody else I could trust to tie me up?)  Steve shook his head.  (No, he can’t think that.  He
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said, trying to feign more enthusiasm than he felt. “Happy to take a look.”
“Ok!” Tony said urgently, giving up the game, “we’d better get out of here before I pounce you on the dancefloor or drag you to the coatroom.  Do I have to beg?” Tony leaned up to whisper in Steve’s ear. “Please? Please, Steve. Take me home and ravish me.”
“Bruce!” Tony cried. Totally unable to play it cool, he instantly blurted: “I’m so sorry.”
My dad drank. Bad. He never tried to stop. Not like you.
, but--
don’t comment and say so.
“You . . . you were
Tony could hear Steve singing along, ever so faintly under his breath as they moved across the dance floor.
“Fuck!  Look at you,” Tony growled, voice low and heavy with lust, “opening up for me like that.  Good boy.”
Tony rolled over and opened his eyes.
Tony woke suddenly, heart pounding and palms sweaty. He flailed out from under the covers.
Steve squinted at him, considering. “Huh.”
“If I hybridize the current aramid with scale mail gold titanium alloy, maybe . . .” Tony mused to himself. His eyes strayed to the BLT.  (The ‘tea sandwich.’)  He jotted down a few equations.
Tony stayed in his lab for three days straight.
Tony could picture it somehow—Steve tiny and sick, Bucky this big strong kid, a dingy tenement walk-up. In his mind, they sit together in a window seat, looking down at the street, the bustling city little Steve is too sick to join. Tony’s throat felt tight.
“Okay.”  Steve answered but his voice was hesitant. “Are you sure?  Because I mean it, we can be together however you—”  Steve fell silent when Tony pressed a finger to his lips.
“All’s fair in love and war!” Tony retorted, launching one of the perfectly packed spheres at Bruce.
He didn’t want to read it.
Steve frowned. He pulled something or other up on his tablet and sat down abruptly.
“Would you kneel for me, Tony?” Steve asked. Tony complied with a little flutter in his chest; he shivered.
Rogers looked up at Tony, expression sad.  “I was only twelve; I wouldn’t present for two more years. And, like I said, I was so small, everyone assumed—I mean, I did too.”  Rogers fell silent for a moment, then said softly: “My mother prayed for Mary Jacobs.  She prayed for me too.”
“Hey, you with me, babe?” Tony asked, voice a little softer.
.  But, you’re like a duckling—you imprinted on your first sci-fi.”
regretted forgetting his lunch in the fridge at home. He spared a moment’s pity for the Agents who lived on base, then picked up his fork with steely resolve.
his stomach,” Bruce corrected with clear amusement.
“Thank you, but no I don’t think—“
“But today, was not that awesome. Seriously, man, what gives? You sure you’re okay?”
“Say hi to Steve for me.”
“Sure thing,” Tony said and hurried into his seat before Rogers could pull it out for him.  (Ha! Victory!)  “So, what’s up?”
The pile of papers were all letters addressed to Captain America, most of them in various shades of marker. On the computer was a picture of Steve, holding up a crayon drawing of Captain America with a small child’s sprawling signature: T o M M y.
As they poured out of the limo exchanging ‘good nights’ and thanking Francis for driving, Tony’s eyes kept straying to Steve. Steve smiled.
Pepper blinked and Tony worried that he saw some sort of emotion flash across her face—hurt, regret, jealousy, concern,
(What was he even doing here?)
“So tell me, Miss Rushman,” Tony said with a sharp smile, “oh, I’m sorry—I mean,
“To set you up with a date,” Tony clarified. “I’m a
There was a blinding flash of light as the portal ripped open and something fell to earth with a horrible high-pitched noise.
Rogers snapped his mouth shut; the tips of his ears turned pink.
“Tell me. Say it properly.”
Huh.  Tony hadn't expected a guy from the '40s to be more liberal than that, but he'd at least expected a little more class.
“Oh. Okay. Great,” Steve said, then added with a hint of a smile. “Good job with the Eewoo.”
Tony sat smiling at his phone for a moment before beginning to type a reply. (It felt weird to just put it in words. Into writing. Had he done this before?)
, just suck me like that for a few seconds, then . . . then . . . try again.”  Tony released his hair.
Tony jerked awake suddenly, Steve’s hand on his shoulder.  Tony blinked and looked up.
(Shit.)
“Oh God!”
Thanks to everyone who has stuck with me for all these years, most especially my beautiful beta, thatwhichyields!
(Too late!)  Steve thought he was only taking a little, but it was far too much.  He swallowed.  His throat closing felt like failure and he frowned.
“Dunno,” Tony said noncommittally, though his first instinct was a firm ‘no.’ He doubted that Rogers was talking about feelings and loss and trauma with any of them.
Tony turned to grin at him.  “Consider this a little bit of gay cultural history, babe,” he whispered with a lazy smirk.  Steve smiled back, stroking soft little circles on the back of Tony’s hand with his thumb.
“Great!” Tony interrupted. “So when do we start?”
“Legitimacy.  Accountability,” Tony said firmly.  “Without them, we look like vigilantes, running wild, doing whatever we want.  I know.  I’ve been there and it wasn’t pretty.  With SHIELD oversight, when people say ‘who authorized that?’ we can say, ‘SHIELD--and behind them, your own elected officials.  Congress.  The Commander in Chief.’
Tony nearly preened. (Ok, stupid, it’s not like you actually made the food…)
“Best of the lot from what I’ve seen.” She raised an eyebrow.  Steve paused and gave a little shrug.  “Uh, not sure how valuable my opinion on this stuff is as an outsider, but she’s got all the technical skills in her favor, it’s there in the report, and--” Steve hesitated, “if you don’t mind my saying, I think she’s got a real command presence and raw instincts.  And that can’t be taught.  If  you put her in charge of a squad on the next rotation, I wouldn’t think it was too soon.  I think she’d handle it really well.  I’m not sure any of the others are command ready.”
“Jeeze, you’re really worked up,” Tony murmured softly, more to himself than Steve.  “Baby, I don’t really know where this is coming from and I wanna talk about that in a moment, but first let’s clear something up.”
“Did your present arrive safe and sound?”
There was a long awkward pause; Steve just looked expectant.
(And why were you watching footage of Iron Man? You get the real thing …)
The closer he got, the more obviously Tony could see signs of strain, though Steve was trying to cover it up. His smile was tight, his brow was pinched, and—though Steve was usually pretty intense about maintaining eye contact—at the moment his eyes were darting from person to person, then around the ballroom as if--
Tony gave her a sincere smile. “Me too.” And with that, he took the elevator down to the lobby where Happy was now waiting with the car.
“Ooooh, I’m scared!” Dom rolled his eyes. “Your word against mine. Just because you’re Captain America, doesn’t mean they’ll just—”
don’t work.”
“Fine,” Steve said with vague exasperation. “Just keep it cordial.”
Tony looked up. Then blinked.
Tony S. "You are too kind." (but mispronounced)
“You don’t really seem fine,” Tony said hesitantly. “What’s the matter? Maybe I could . . . help?” (Ugh. Didn’t mean for it to sound so uncertain.)
Steve slid a finger under the bindings and asked, “Is that good?”
“How’d we do?!” Bruce asked, looking around a little wild-eyed.
Steve approached from the kitchen. Tony tensed up with nerves and hoped Pepper couldn’t tell. He forced himself to relax.
“Knock, knock?” Pepper called from the outer workshop door.
“Of course we didn’t fucking know!  We--” Clint glanced over at Natasha.  “God damn it, Nat!”
Tony hesitated. “Yeah. No, but I didn’t--”
. . . at your mercy . . .”
Steve blinked, eyebrows up. “Uh, sure. That sounds nice.”
“Mmph.”
Steve froze and tensed.  He could feel Tony shifting behind him, taking off his own helmet, and setting it aside.  Tony unfastened the buckle under Steve’s chin and very carefully eased the helmet off over Steve’s head.  Tony’s breath warmed his neck. Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, massaging his scalp with a firm pressure-- it sent shivers down his spine and made him drop his head back, exposing his throat to Tony’s lips and teeth.
“Maybe we could go to the Met sometime,” Tony said, already thinking about which pieces in his fabulous (Pepper-curated) art collection Steve might like in his suite.
Steve chuckled and nuzzled Tony’s neck, snuggling into his arms and wrapping a leg around Tony’s.  They laid sleepily together, exchanging slow, lingering touches, for long pleasant minutes.
Tony grinned. “Oh, I plan to.”
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said with a little wave from the refrigerator.
’s what they offer.” Tony paused for a moment, then added: “I mean, other than all the agents who fought and died with us in New York. I suppose you remember them.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Steve snapped. “I’m not a
“Mr. Stark,” Deetz said, leaning in to kiss Tony on the cheek, “Ravishing as ever.”
Your encouragement means the world to me.  Thank you for reading this!
“Avengers, report,” Cap ordered. He sounded exhausted. There was a long gash across his shoulder, uniform stained with blood and dirt.
turkey. Do you have any idea how long that’s going to take to roast?”
“I know it’s been hard. That Bruce won’t talk to you.”
“Perhaps,” Tony said, tone grim.
Tony frowned. “Are there any particular problem areas?” Then he called out, “JARVIS, get me a screen with Cap’s suit, here.”  Tony slid the glowing blue screen over where Steve could see. “So, what’s the problem? Chafing? Impaired mobility?”
,” Tony repeated. “With Sam Wilson--his running buddy.”
The priest intoned: “Lift up your hearts.”
Of course, Tony’d put it into his contract that Steve couldn’t
“Do you think she’s forgiven me for--” Tony waved his hands, “—that thing?”
“Did you have a good day?” Steve asked. He dropped a little kiss on Tony’s temple.
Steve shrugged. “You’re fine. We’re not on a deadline or anything. Here! Come see what Nat and I got at the Christmas market.”
“Nope,” Clint answered. “He actually got a tree! And a really awesome tree too.”
“Do you want some mulled wine?” Tony asked.
And then Tony
“Of course, sir.”
“You mean the place you had so much tequila I had to get you home in a fireman’s carry?”
“What you said earlier . . .” Steve began softly, words halting. “Did you mean it?”
Tony hesitated. Steve still didn’t ask him to leave. So Tony walked over and took a seat on the far end of the couch. Steve glanced over at him in surprise or maybe confusion for a moment, then fixed his gaze on the coffee table again.
Is this a workplace appropriate comment:
“Whoa there, we already did this,” Tony said, waving his fork.  “We’re good.”
I don't normally manage to write and post a chapter so quickly and won't be able to make a habit of it, but P&P is my happy escapist place these days and I've really needed that lately.
He’d meant it to sound casual, nonchalant, but it came out hesitant.
, his fingernails digging in as he held Steve still, fingers still deep in Steve’s body.
“No. Dummy, what are you doing there?” (Oh. Right. Coffee.) “Well, make yourself useful. Find the--” Tony's vision swam. (Huh.) “-- the . . . the--”
“In fact,” Tony murmured, “I was really enjoying what you were doing earlier.”
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
?  I don’t--)
The rows of the first chart listed various kinks; the columns, Tony’s enthusiasm for them. Some people liked to give these things rankings, but Tony preferred to present his kinks alphabetically for his Dom’s convenience and since, really, his enthusiasm for a kink depended so much on the scene or the person.
“Nice to meet you.”
“Excuse me?  Mr. Stark?”
Tony moaned and swung one leg to the side so he was straddling Steve’s lap. Steve gasped.
Tony froze. He looked at the glass of water.
“The short answer is ‘no’.” Captain Rogers shakes his head. “I’m the wrong person to ask about the science side of things; Doctors Stark and Banner are working on an array of theories, but I’m not at liberty to disclose any of their findings at present. And I probably couldn’t explain it even if they’d asked me to try. For now I’ll just say that I have absolute faith in them and we have every reason to believe that the portal closure devices will work in the event of a second attack.”
“Mmm-hmm,” Steve hummed, nuzzling Tony's neck and lathering the soap again.
Natasha had somehow mastered the art of aloof yet charming; the reporters seemed to hang on her every word. (And only asked a few questions about being a Domme on a team with so many Doms.)
Dummy wheeled over to him with a tumbler of . . . water?  (What?  You think I need a drink?)
“So, hey, maybe now’s a good time for these,” Clint said, attempting casual but failing even to Tony’s ears.
“Have you been drawing?” Tony asked, gesturing to the sketchpad.
gonna roast this ridiculous turkey?”
Tony waved at the TV.  “That means Saturday morning cartoons.  Hey, JARVIS?  Hit it!  Oh, and get brunch delivered from that place—whatsit on 9
(Hm.  Ominous. I like it.)
Steve moaned again.
Tony moved his Queen. Bruce shook his head.
Steve felt a warm sense of relief to have Bruce's support, could breathe a little easier now that he'd shared his plan. He'd half expected Bruce-- (well, not
“We were just about to have a beer in the sun room,” Rhodes said. “You should join us. I’ll grab another--”
“Rude,” he said to Bruce, glaring at the now empty patch of dirt, “Just rude.  It’s like inviting people to a party then canceling at the last minute. And, okay, fine, that thing was probably promising a pretty shitty party, but still.”
Steve let out a long breath and started stroking Tony’s hair.  He began to nod.
Steve stared out the window with unfocused eyes.
“Shit,” Tony swore. “No offence, but this girl, uh ?” He waved a hand.
want to—so instead he kissed Steve’s knee and got to work on his foot, pressing carefully with his thumbs. Steve let out a pleased noise and Tony felt a little rush of pleasure.
“Of course, thanks to Fury, you
Tony laughed.  “It’s fine.  Really, it’s good that we’re talking.”  Steve reached out to take Tony’s hand.  Tony bit his lip.  “And, I want to tell you something.  I— Just wait.  I need a minute to think.”
Steve hesitated, then stroked Tony’s hair.
“I’m still not ready, to uh—“ Steve made a vague gesture. “Hate to wind you up for nothing.”
Tony shook his head. “I’m useless in the kitchen—if it were up to me I’d serve it half-raw or set the damn thing on fire.” (Of course, it would have been easy to hire caterers who’d have done it perfectly, but Tony was too nice to say that.) Tony shrugged. “I’m sure it will be fine.”
“I’m glad you think so.”
The elevator doors opened.
“Tony! Good to see you again,” a man’s voice said.  “Would you do me the kindness of introducing me?”
Tony didn’t know who had eventually gathered him up off the floor of the ballroom where he’d been shivering—everything had gotten fuzzy—but the man had folded him into his giant great coat and carried him out of the ballroom.  He’d called for Mr. Stark’s driver, saying that Mr. Stark was “indisposed,” then helped Happy bundle Tony into the car.  The stranger hadn’t left Tony his card or any way to contact him.  (Tony hoped it was because he had no expectation of thanks rather than wanting nothing to do with somebody like Tony.)   Tony still had the man’s coat and sometimes he remembered his hands, large and strong and warm when Tony’d been shivering.
Something about Steve just
The memory came to Tony suddenly:
“Tony?” he said softly. “Say my name.”
************
The elevators were quiet in the Tower (of course), but they hadn’t been designed with Steve’s acute hearing in mind.  There was an elevator on its way past Steve’s floor, and it sounded like it stopped just one above, at Tony’s.
Cap seemed to hesitate for a moment, then got to his feet. The other Avengers followed suit. (Agents included.)
Hulk watched with lazy attention as Tony fitted the helmet in place with the faceplate up. He sniffed at Tony again and yawned.
Bruce laughed and followed him into the elevator.
“Oh my God, Alex!” Tony exclaimed. (They’d fucked on and off back in grad school.)  “It’s been ages! How’ve you been?”
“It’s okay, Steve.  I’ve got you . . . you’re so good. . . It’s okay. . .”
“Nonsense! It’s good to finally meet you and—”
“Spoilsport.”
Clint rolled his shoulders and said, more seriously, “Ok. We were working on rushes, so you start then we’ll trade.” Then he grinned and waved his hands. “Come at me ‘bro!”
(See the end of the chapter for
They both turned, bewildered, to the training room door as Cap barreled in, bellowing, his nostrils flaring.  He had Clint in his sights with a horrible glare—like the one from their little chat in the elevator times a thousand.
Tony blinked. (Huh?)
Tony almost resented the rush of relief that shot through his body at the sound of Steve’s voice. (Ridiculous. You were
Tony devoured the food ravenously, more of his brain coming online as he ate.
“That the stuff Fury sent over?”
(Thank you, Pepper, for that information.)
Steve raised his head to give Tony a blank look for a moment before looking a hint concerned. He hesitated a moment before asking, “What?”
“I—“ Steve swallowed and took a breath, then mumbled hotly against Tony’s neck. “You’re so precious to me. You know that, right? So dear. I’d never—never—” His fingers clutched at Tony’s arm.
“Point. I’m an atheist—I don’t want God near my anything.”
“So, nothing?”
Tony cleared his throat. He hesitated for just a moment, before saying, “It’s leading that’s hard. Any idiot can follow.”
Long before Afghanistan, though, he’d known better than to try. Pepper was
“—the monkey that belonged to this American G.I. But there was also this water buffalo that—“
“I mean,” Tony began again, still frowning, “I'm not really
Tony couldn’t help smiling.  For such a kinky son of a bitch, Steve was a real romantic about it. And holy shit, he was interested in way more than Tony had been expecting.
Bruce mumbled something about multivitamins and maybe just one G&T; he was wearing a gigantic plaid dressing gown over matching pajamas.
Tony hesitated--(was he?)--then gave a little nod.
Steve drew back to stroke Tony’s cheekbones with his thumbs and hold his face in his hands.
A sultry sort of ambient music with a bit of a Latin backbeat filled the room.  A Dom in a crisp black suit parked his red sports car and went into a decadent white marble bank.  “
made a new friend?”
“Oh, we don’t have to,” Steve said, eager to be inclusive.
“If you don’t want to go, you have my support,” she told him.  “Really, the firefighters have plenty of important guests already.  So, just, it’s whatever you want.”
Tony scooted closer, until his chest was flush with Steve’s massive back. He wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist.
Flushed and breathing heavily, Steve scribbled  “Work in progress-- be back later” on a note and flipped off the tablet.
“Uh, how about I bring all of you some water?” a familiar voice chimed in.
Tony had two lovely glasses of the pinot and was feeling good.  Relaxed.  Content.  (Mostly.)
“Shut up,” Clint muttered. “Movie.”
“Yeah. Yeah you are.” He could tell from her voice that she was smiling. “Thanks, Tony. I’ll see you soon.”
Tony tried to focus on the body armor on his tablet, but something was tugging insistently at the back of his brain. Pepper and Rhodey had
“—goose,” Steve finished awkwardly. He paused then said, sounding a little stricken and incredulous, “Chinese food for Christmas dinner?”
“What the hell were you thinking?” Tony asked abruptly, sounding half-confused and half-irritated.
It was too warm. The thought of sending it made his heart race and his cheeks heat; the thought of
“We bullied Steve into serving us his Carbonara on the couch last night,” he explained.
Steve swallowed and clarified: “I just want to spend time with you. And . . . and maybe get to know you better.”
“You’re not good, Tony,” the Dom growled in what he probably thought of as his sexy voice. “You’re very
“Lord,” Mrs. Rhodes said, head still bowed and hands folded. Tony put his fork back down. “I’d like to give thanks here for family and for friends and for the bounty at this table. Thanks too for the bravery of all the men and women who risk their lives to protect this country. We give thanks for the good things we have as we continue to strive for prosperity, peace, and justice for the world. Bless and keep us all. Amen.”
“Looks good, Cap,” Tony said. Rogers shrugged; he didn’t offer to make Tony an omelet. Tony still felt sort of bad for snapping at the guy—as Rogers had said, he was trying—so Tony wracked his brain for a peace offering. A “hey, we’re cool, but let’s not do the whole Talking thing again anytime soon unless we have to” kind of gesture.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(So? It could just be nerves.)
The silence lingered.
And he always called him
“Actually, I do,” Tony assured him, taking a seat. “I really do. Tell me?”
Tony sat up and rubbed at his eyes.  Steve.
(No.)
Tony stayed on the couch, looking at him.  Steve waited.  Tony seemed very far away.
A/N:  Oh, wow.  Such a relief to post this!  I rewrote it, uh, quite a few times, really struggling with tone and form.  (I wanted to replicate Tony’s vacillations between past and present formally, but not in a way that would actually confuse readers…)  And the subject matter at the Pierre was really hard for me to balance.  So, thank you very much for your patience!
. (Does Steve even know what that is?  Okay, he must—he looked it up online, right?  And that is an amazing thing to imagine-- hot and hilarious all at once.  Bet his eyes bugged out...) Tony closed his eyes and took deep steadying breaths.
“I—“ His Dominant’s notch bobbed as he swallowed. “I should let you get some rest.”
“You’re blushing,” Steve said, sounding truly surprised. (Had he never noticed it before?) Tony felt soft and open and a little embarrassed, but not exactly in a bad way.
“Excuse me!?  What?” Tony cried incredulously. “You want me to turn Stark Tower into a barracks?”
Bruce’s expression went pinched; his hand tightened on the ladle. “No.”
“Please,” Tony said, head dropping down to the side. Steve was still stroking the back of his hand. It was terribly distracting when Tony was trying to make plans: what sort of contract to offer (maybe just set out the firm limits?) and how best to frame his invitation to
Steve gestured to the cardboard box Tony had dropped off near the tree earlier. “What’s all that?”
Rogers sighed. “I know that too, I guess. I just—it’s all so . . . disorienting. Lots of things are obviously better—so much better—but then some things seem worse and then it’s like this punch in the gut to see it because of all the other things that have changed.” He frowned. “I mean, sure, people made nasty remarks before too. Called each other names. But--” He gestured at the tablet. “—not like that. Not that I heard.”
“Let me help?”
“Yes,” Tony said, a little flustered. “Can’t wait.”
Everyone would see.  It would mark him as Steve’s, even in some small way.
Tony didn’t know what to do with that number. It seemed at once huge, yet on some level relatively small.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I know that, Tony.”
Tony took a moment to think about it—Rebecca would expect him to give the question sincere consideration. He answered decisively, feeling a little more awake, “Good. Really good.”
For Rogers’ space Tony’d told the interior designer “classic, a little old fashioned, with clean lines, but not modernist” then okayed or nixed a few items she pulled up.  (Wood, not metal and glass.  Oak, not mahogany.  Dark blues and earth tones, no orange, bright white, or black.)   She’d taken it from there and whipped the place into shape with all the speed big bucks could buy.
“So don’t
Don’t make me wait.”
. I’m not talking about those. Those were crap.”
“Funny you should mention that,” Pepper said, bookmarking her reading. “Nat and I were talking earlier and she had an idea. She suggested that the Avengers could offer a self-defense class at the Safehouse. Something designed specially for the subs there.”
“Uh, yeah.  Good,” Tony said, not feeling entirely reassured.  “And, here we are.”
It was fine. Everything was fine.
“Good,” Steve said, smiling back, expression almost dreamy. He cleared his throat and got up, pulling Tony to his feet too.
“Nobody is implying that,” Fury spoke up. He glared at Carmichael—or maybe that was just his usual expression.
“Tony! Don’t be vulgar! That’s—”  Bruce grimaced.  “That’s not funny.”
“I’ll have a cappuccino and the panna cotta,” Tony said.
“Forget you heard that,” Tony said sternly, cutting in. “They’re crap and we’re gonna pretend they don’t exist. Just like the recent
, so He’d know what Steve meant…
“Sure,” Tony said, feeling a little hesitant, “No trouble.”
“That’s Steve, Pep! Gotta go!”
(Well played, Romanov.) Tony shook his head. (Wonder what she told Bruce—that
“It’s an honor to meet you, Dr. Banner.”
It was a column tie, the simplest tie in all of bondage.  One that even Tony could do it in his sleep and like most (though not all) subs he had little to no interest in tying other people up.  But Steve was giving it the rapt attention one expected for brain surgery, as he looped the rope around Tony’s wrist and his own fingers, brow furrowed biting his lip just a little.
Something was beeping.
“The dominant is not there to please the submissive.  The submissive is there to please the dominant.”
(And, okay, it was probably projection, but maybe Tony wasn’t the only person who got kinda bummed when his fellow singleton friends started pairing off…)
“What’s the delay, Cap? Should have had reinforcements by now.”
Steve wanted to practice.  He wanted to learn everything, wanted to drive Tony half-mad with pleasure until he’d wiped the memory of all Tony’s other lovers from his mind, every single one of them.  (Idiot—it’s ridiculous to be jealous.  He loves
Tony shifted closer on the couch, thigh against Steve’s thigh, side-to-side, his head almost but not quite resting on Steve’s shoulder. Tony let out a content-sounding little sigh and Steve let his arm drop all the way to Tony’s shoulder. (Steve stopped holding his breath.)
Steve smiled, hesitance bleeding away.  He took a few long deep breaths, shrugged out of his blazer, and draped it over the back of a chair.
pretty sure we’ll both sound like idiots. Or assholes. We got off to a rocky start, you know.”
Steve thought about it--once, twice, several times. Maybe he could ask Stark—Tony?—if he wanted to get pizza? Just go down to the workshop and ask. Or just get a pizza first—(yes, much better)--and bring it down. "Thought maybe you'd forgotten to eat," he could say.
“You may see the king now.”
“Can I help with anything else?” Rogers asked.
“You have a plan?”
“Good,” Steve said.  It was all terribly awkward. He tried a smile and added, “No alien invasions, so it’s officially a good day.”  It wasn’t a very good joke and she didn’t pretend that it was. But it
“Oh, I’m Tony again now, am I?” he said in a snide voice.
Tony squirmed a little.
into the contract. He knows I’m not just team whore.  Or Captain’s whore.)
“Whatever you think best, sweetheart.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Ms. Potts pulled the large box into her arms and staggered a bit under the weight; Steve could hear glass clinking inside.
“Tony,” Pepper said, her voice chiding.
“Okay.” Deep breath, in and out. “Tell him I’m on the way.”
Rogers gave Tony his most guileless Captain America look and spread his hands.
Steve’s breath hitched.  Maybe the roses meant Tony had something special in mind for tonight?  (Oh God!) It was warm in the room, but Steve shivered.  Maybe Tony was finally planning to fuck him?  His cock grew hard; he squirmed and adjusted himself in his trousers.  Steve’s thoughts were racing, barely lighting on one fantasy before whisking away to the next, but always Tony—inside him, above him, pinning him down.
“Oh sure! Of course,” Steve said with a nod, “I mean, it doesn’t have to be right this minute. Maybe a little later?”
She looked back down at her report.
“But I--” Rogers started, then he snapped his mouth shut.  Rogers had that frustrated, confused puppy look on his face.  He took a deep breath and let it out, blanking his expression.
Steve was clearly waiting for him to say something more; he hadn’t made the leap Tony was considering. Tony studied him for a moment, then held his hand out with a flourish and a bow.
Tony laughed.  “No punching the reporters.”
Steve walked to Tony’s bedroom and, after a moment of hesitation, removed his socks and shoes, but nothing else.  (Tony didn’t say to strip. . .)  Steve knelt beside the bed and waited.
“Tony,
“Hey, Cap! Smells good,” Clint said, wandering into the kitchen and yawning.
“Okay.”
The brisk evening air was helping Belford’s cologne to dissipate. Tony leaned closer. He tilted his head to an alluring angle. “Is that so?”
“Ah, Steve?” Tony said once he’d recovered.  “Shall we take this conversation elsewhere?”
“You think they’re perfect, so you imagine there’s an impossible gulf between you.  But there isn’t.  There really isn’t.”
Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple and whispered, “Be right back.”
. Said that if word got out it’d ruin Christmas for a bunch of kids.”
“Oh.  That makes sense,” Rogers said sounding a bit disappointed.
Tony worked on the training robots while Steve alternated between sketching in his notebook and working his way through a stack of reports.
“Nothing. It’s fine.”
(Yes!)
Tony held in a sigh.
“You have.”
Steve swallowed thickly and something on his face must have given him away because Rhodes added, “I don’t know what the hell you’ve done, Cap, but Tony’s my best friend.  And I would do anything for that idiot.”
“That’s fine, Tony,” Steve said.  “Don’t worry about it.  I’ll be back down in a few minutes with something to eat.  There are still some of Bruce’s curried lentils if you like.  Or I could make you a ham sandwich.”
“We have to talk.  I can’t . . . I can’t talk to you like this.  Not when I’m angry; it’s not right.”
Tony had expected Clint to call him a jerk or laugh or somehow know it was a gag—his polite disappointment made Tony’s stomach twist. As if Clint didn’t expect Tony to remember that he’d collected
“Is that really necessary?” Steve asked.
“It’s so corny,” Natasha protested.
Steve nodded and just looked at him, smiling. Tony glanced away, feeling uneasy. The silence stretched between them.
“Look at you, bent over, bound up,” Tony said.  He eased his finger in and out, torturously slowly.  “Look at you, clenching around my finger for me.  So tight, baby.”
“Yeah.”  Tony stood staring at him.  (Ah, shit.  Awkward.)   Tony swallowed.  He took Steve by the hand.  “Come on, sweetheart.  Come sit on the bed with me, would ya?”
“Yeah.”  Tony nodded earnestly, then grimaced.  He let out a bitter little laugh.  “Won’t be glad to see
“Yeah, cool,” Tony said with a nod, then added more feelingly, “I mean right. We’re definitely a team. And we should, uh, support each other, right?”
“I never thought that I’d get to touch or be touched by someone who loves me. . . who I love like this.”  Tony shivered.  Steve took a shaky breath and forced himself to continue, his voice soft:  “I’ve known I’m not really broken or sick for a while—I mean, I’ve
The man gave Tony a speculative look then asked, “They didn’t want to see Iron Man? You just the chauffeur?”
“Maybe I’ll do that,” Steve said vaguely. The silence turned awkward.
“Hey, Steve?” Tony began softly. Steve looked up with an attentive smile. “I, uh—“
Steve propped up on his elbows to look at Tony with a worried frown.  “Tony, I know that.”  Steve took Tony’s hand and squeezed it.  “I know that.  I just wanted to make sure that we both agree.”
“I’m shocked that my super soldier has a gift for a physical activity.”
“Here’s what we’re gonna do,” Tony said. “I’m gonna order us a gigantic pizza. While we wait for it, you’re gonna have a shower and change—because, frankly, you stink—and then you can join me in the workshop for food. Then, if you think you can sleep, you should go sleep. If not—and, trust me, I do understand—then we can work together in the shop. Okay?”
Tony shrugged. “Let’s keep it that way.”
“Certainly, sir. On any particular subject?”
The guy shrugged, unperturbed. (Clearly not a
that and still pull away?)  He folded his trousers and put them on top of his shirt.  (Next time, I should just kiss Tony.  It’s the twenty-first century!  Nobody will care.  Right?)  Steve stared at his nice clothes, meticulously selected for their second date.  (Damn it!)  He slammed his fist down on the dresser.
Happy Thanksgiving!  :-)
“Dude, that doesn’t mean he’s not gonna pour, I dunno, chocolate, flowers, jewelry, and probably some super thoughtful, meaningful crap in your lap. Isn’t that what Dom’s are supposed to do?”
Then Tony closed a hand firmly around his balls, not quite pain but an intense sensation; Tony took Steve’s cock in his mouth and made him wail.  He wanted to come so badly it hurt, but he couldn’t.  (Not allowed . . . don’t you dare. . .)  Tony tugged at his balls and it pushed the urgency away a bit, but only a little and Steve fought himself to stay still ( be good!) but couldn’t stop fucking up a little, pushing his aching cock up into all the wet tight heat of Tony’s mouth.  (Breathe, breathe…)
Pepper sighed and Tony couldn’t tell if she was more resigned or exasperated (and surely the ability to be both at once is a real marvel).
“Anyway, Pep and I couldn’t believe they didn’t have a sit-down restaurant yet. Eventually found out that it was because they were having trouble with start-up capital and finding a space in such an expensive city and other morons eating their food hadn’t pounced on the investment opportunity. We did and they started Café Leila later that year.”
like.”
“Uh, doubt that will be of much help here, Iron Man. But it does--”
“Uh,” Tony swallowed, “right.”
“So, I take it you’re involved with the restaurant?” Steve asked, scooping up another generous portion of
“No, really. Tell me.”
Tony grabbed a clean but battered pair of jeans, worn down and soft.
Pepper brushed her bangs out of her eyes and said, “You know, though, if you really didn’t want to go, I’d deal with Katie and Michael.”
(No, seriously, huh? What the hell is--)
“Tony, I’m honored,” Steve said softly.  He crouched down to bring himself level with Tony and reached out to touch his cheek.  “You’re too good to me.”
Steve nodded and had another sip of coffee.  He should go back to his rooms.  Or out for a run.  Or--
“Isn’t it Sunday?” Tony blurted.
Tony scooted closer. “So . . .” he said, leaning forward, “You should know, I’m really not a good man.”
“Yeah.” Tony swallowed. “Back at’ya.”
Rogers shook his head. “I assumed it was just a check-in like last time, but they scheduled it for two hours and said there would be a guest presentation, so apparently not.”
“Killing me, I tell you!”
Rhodey hesitated, then added softly, “You know Howard isn’t Steve’s fault, right?” Tony rolled his eyes and nodded, making his best, “no, shit” face. Rhodey gave a little shrug and an apologetic look. “Just, he’s a good guy, you know? I like him.”
“Anyway,
“Cut the music, put her through.”
Tony clenched at the screwdriver in his hand.
“Would you look at this for me?”
“And, we’re together now,” Tony continued. “So, what do you say, big guy? Wanna show me some moves? The training mat’s nice and soft if I take a tumble . . .”
No.  They were teammates for God’s sake!
Steve smiled and chuckled through “Trouble with Tribbles,” and they were barely five minutes into “Shore Leave” when Clint arrived.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, so, burgers?” Clint said plaintively. “Go grab your coats! Meet in the living room.”
Steve gave a rueful smile. “People weren't exactly lining up to dance with a Dom they might step on, you know.”
“And tell Steve I’ll be down for breakfast in ten!”
Tony winced anyway. “When you say it like that, it sounds stupid. Just—“ Tony shrugged, “—I don’t-- it’s been a while, you know? Come on, Rhodey-- when was the last time
“I’m glad,” Steve said, smiling again.
“Hey, Cap?”  Tony’s tone was so casual it had to be calculated.  “You busy tomorrow?  Or, I guess I mean today since it’s after midnight.”
“Your trust in me is terrifying,” he muttered. Then added, “And yes. Too soon. And too soon to admit that that pissed me off too.”
“All right, man,” Rhodey said with a grin. “But just one drink.”
Pepper came up to the penthouse to fetch Tony for dinner sumptuously dressed in a navy blue Vera Wang; it wasn’t nearly so formal as the gown she’d wear tomorrow night, but decidedly elegant.
“No, sir, I don’t believe you have.”
At last, Steve drew back and eased in again; Tony arched and pressed back against him.
Tony’s cheeks heated.
“Ow.”
“Well, let’s not test that theory. I, uh, brought you an extra warm scarf. Just in case.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony typed five little words and hit send.
Rogers managed to get him in an upright lock the next three times, but on the fourth attempt Tony managed to pivot then drop. He jerked the Captain a little off balance as he fell to the mat, but Rogers didn’t loosen his grasp. Tony rolled between his legs and got ready to knee him in the groin. (What? The guy had his wrist—they weren’t playing Marquise of Queensbury anymore.) No luck. Rogers saw that coming and drew his knees together, blocking the kick, then easily knocked Tony’s leg out of the way.
“Tony, I really don’t want to be late. Why don’t we just take that big one?”
Tony paused.  He
They glared at her.
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, then looked around urgently for Jake and the bill.  “Let’s go!”
Steve gasped and raked his nails down Tony’s side, making him shudder and writhe.
“Yeah, yeah.  I know what you mean.  So, what’s the deal?”  Tony was silent.  Rhodey frowned.  “Well, now
“Good.  Yes! Absolutely.”
“Don’t move,” Tony ordered.  Steve heard more rustling and then a thick, silky-feeling cord was looped around his wrists, once, twice, three times, four, around and around in loose coils.  Then Tony held Steve’s right hand steady as he threaded the rope back over the coils, drawing the binding tighter and tighter until the ropes were a firm, steady pressure.  Tony slid a finger under the ropes for a moment, then began to caress Steve’s bound arms, running his hands up and down.  Steve let out a shuddering breath.
.  Fighting with an intensity he’d never seen from them before.
“You still have the right to change your mind,” Steve said.
“In the forests at night was the worst. Couldn’t risk a fire behind the lines.”
Steve shrugged.  “Maybe.”
Huh.  “Second favorite?” Tony asked.
Steve huffed out a little laugh.
Thanks to evil_kneazle whose astute comment inspired some of Mrs. Rhodes' dialogue!  :-)
“Yeah. Of course.”
(Steve
about her son’s wedding and his lovely husband.  Because she wasn’t ashamed of them.  She was
It was a chic gala; no one was gauche enough to gasp outright or take photos with their phones, but a startled little titter ran through the ballroom as Tony took the lead and showed Steve the basic box step.
“All right,” she said, smile perhaps a little regretful. She squeezed his hand. “Take care of yourself. And let’s do catch up soon, Tony.”
Things had gotten pleasantly fuzzy halfway through the gin, but Tony was pretty sure he and Pepper were bouncing on the table together, belting out “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun” when the other Avengers arrived.
From the sound of her voice, Tony could picture her vividly: the tip of her nose turning pink, unshed tears in her eyes, and trembling lower lip.
“No, no.  The mountain will totally go to Mohammed.  Vamanos!”
.”  The nickname felt strange in his mouth, like it didn’t belong there.
“Look, Pep, we can get more space somewhere else, but this is important.  Okay?”
“I’ve changed my mind,” Clint said with a groan.  “Terrible Valentine’s day. I could be at home in bed with a pint of Ben and Jerry’s.”
(So close!)
“Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, voice intense, perhaps a bit distressed. “If they’re making inappropriate demands, I'll report it.  I won’t let them just—”
,” Tony said and it came out a little strangled.  He grabbed Steve’s hand to pull him closer as he leaned over, reaching out to touch Steve’s cheek, unsure what to say, but needing to kiss Steve, to
calling when she was upset.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Wait! Wait. What?” A pause, then, “Tony, I’m putting you on video.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Tony?” he called, stepping into the workshop.  “I’m sorry about that, okay? I should have talked to you first.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Captain Rogers.”
At exactly 3:59, Steve stepped into the pub, blinking as he adjusted to the dim light. A voluptuous redhead in a beautifully cut green dress approached him immediately with a slight smile. She extended her hand and greeted him in a deep voice: “Good afternoon, Mr. Rogers.”
Thank you so much for reading! Your kind words are an inspiration!!!  These chapters are proving really hard to write...  I hope you liked it!
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured.
Tony worried at his bottom lip.
“Well,” Tony said with an awkward metal shrug, “It’s not gonna do something differently just ‘cause we’re staring at it. Wanna go back to the mini-lab on the quinjet and watch the readings with a cup of coffee? I’ve got all those hypotheticals loaded and few little devices I’ve been working on and—.”
“Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes is using the facilities at present, Captain.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony squeezed Steve’s hand under the table and rubbed little circles on the back of his hand.
“Color?”
; he was master of the half-truth.
Fury began to clarify, “Captain, Stark isn't actually--” but Tony cut him off, sidling up to Rogers right into his space.
“I want to know everything you want to tell me,” Tony whispered against his lips.
At some point, Tony made his way to the couch and sat watching the team. (His team.) Pepper was flailing around (or maybe trying to dance with?) Natasha who was holding a nearly empty bottle of vodka, looking perfectly poised and sober. Clint was showing an owlish-looking Bruce how to make some fancy cocktail, lecturing loudly in slightly slurred tones about the proper use of egg whites. And Rhodey, well, Rhodey was trying to teach Steve how to moonwalk. It was not going well. Rhodey was far from smooth under the influence, and though Steve was making a game attempt, he was horribly stiff-limbed. (But he was so graceful in the training room . . . ) Steve glanced over at Tony; his ears turned pink.
Rogers swallowed. “Well, I’ve intruded on your work long enough.” He summoned a smile, seeming to recover some of his previous good cheer, “Thank you for indulging me, Mr. Stark.”
“Sir? Your order from Park Chop Suey has arrived.” The team cheered. “And Mr. Yuen requests permission to bring his delivery assistant.”
“Then why are you so worried now if it wasn’t a problem before?” Tony asked.
Tony looked at Rogers with raised eyebrows, a little challenging, but Rogers just smiled.
“It’s okay, sweetheart,” Steve said, pulling Tony into his arms. “I’ve got you.”
“I understand, sir,” Steve said in a hollow voice, then added after a moment’s hesitation, “Perhaps there’s a waitlist in case a model cancels? And, I-- I understand that funds are tight for the Academy; I could accept a reduced rate if there’s any opportunity that opens up.”
They took their seats without further ado. Their server arrived.
“You’re leaving?”  Bruce was frowning.  “But I thought you’d want to watch
Rogers handed him the cup he’d just poured.  Across the break room, Agent Dickface was smirking at him.  His eyes flicked over to Rogers, then back; he raised an eyebrow and his smirk grew even nastier.  Tony smirked back then flashed him a dazzling smile, just to fuck with him.
“Really?” Steve said curiously, peering into the box. “May I?”
“Of course, sir.”
Tony’s heart leapt.
“So that’s it?” Rhodey asked.   “You called to ask me how to make new friends?”
“The Master suite
“So, Dr. Banner,” Agent Dominick said, turning to Bruce. “Why don’t you start by telling us what your team has come up with?”
Tony laughed.  “You know damn well it is, since you got Fury to drop the morality clause.  How’d you do it?”
“I always liked charcoal, and it was nice and cheap, but all the fixers made my asthma worse so—“
Tony stumbled blearily to his kitchenette and poured himself a huge mug of coffee.  He drank half of it in a few long gulps, letting it scald his tongue but not caring.  He needed to be alert.  A long anticipated pleasure was about to be his.
Tony bit back the “
Tony swallowed and his cheeks heated again.
“No,” Rogers said firmly. “Their strategy makes sense; it will be the best for the team. And as Captain it’s my responsibility.”
“But I really want to tell you how--”
“Drivel as ordered, sir,” JARVIS said as he pulled up the tabloid.
Steve took deep, even breaths and kept his cheek pressed against Tony’s foot.  Bent over like this, with his hands behind his back and his shoulder to the floor, his back was arched in a gentle curve, his ass sticking up-- exposed.  It made Steve want to spread his legs and beg Tony to fuck him, but Tony’d told him not to move so he wouldn’t.  He swallowed thickly.
“JARVIS? Has Steve gotten my contract?”
“Well then,” Katie said. “Let’s get started.”
“Uh, amen,” Clint mumbled.
feelings for me for ages and—”
Tony lifted the lid—heaven in a box.  Double sausage, extra cheese, and olives.  Sombody’d ordered his favorites.  Tony piled three slices up on his plate and was considering a fourth when Rogers approached him with a frown.
“Rhodey head out already?” Tony asked, with a sudden wash of confused guilt. (How long have I been down here?)
Tony opened the door without bothering to knock and stepped inside.
Tony nodded and Steve headed for the elevator.
(Oh!)
“And you, JARVIS,” Bruce answered politely.  Tony smiled.  He liked people who treated J like a person.  (As they should.)  Bruce would probably like the Tower if he liked J and
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“On a scale of ‘wish I were dead’ to ‘totally worth it,’ this morning I was at ‘should have skipped the last two drinks.’ So, I’d say pretty good.”
Tony only hesitated a moment before prompting, “And Rogers?”
Tony took a deep breath.   He reached for a screwdriver, wanting to have something in his hands.  Eventually he said, “It was a long time ago.”
Tony nodded and handed them back to Steve.
“JARVIS? Make a reservation for two at 7:30 at . . . .” He frowned. “Let’s just try every restaurant in New York City with three Michelin stars.”
“Ready for the meeting, Mr. Stark?” Rogers asked at his side, seemingly oblivious to Agent Dickface.
“It is now 10:12 am, sir.”
Tony smiled back. “You read my mind.”
apart?)
“The SATs,” Bruce said. “Did you find the study guides online?”
Her voice was low, intimate, almost a caress. Steve’s heart began to race as she continued: “He likes control. Intricate patterns of rope twined around the body. Leather cuffs. Chains. And he likes to inflict pain and make it show. Bruises. Scratches. Sometimes welts.”
UPDATE:  the out-take is ready: All Hail the Conquering Hero can be read here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/8450386 . Enjoy!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
. (It reminded him of Natasha.)
Steve read it again.  He reached up for his pencil and then lightly underlined the last two sentences.
JARVIS chose “All the Single Ladies.” Pepper cried out in delight and started singing along as Tony did his best to recreate the famous dance. Pep gave a little catcall and swatted Tony playfully on the hip as he put on a show for her. Alcohol tended to loosen him up, so his hip action was pretty fucking fantastic—until he overbalanced and crashed right into Pepper, who saved him from falling off the table. She clung to him, giggling as she lowered them both to a seated position.
“You did?”
Tony looked up to be met with a smile.
“Silence the music, J.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony murmured.  He stroked his hands across Steve’s back, then--desperate for skin--reached up to where the cowl hung down so he could touch Steve’s neck and run his fingers through his hair.
Tony rolled his hips up and said coyly, “Hi, sweetheart.”
“Answer me properly,” Steve murmured into Tony’s ear between kisses. “I want to hear you say it.”
“Mr. Stark?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He gasped. Steve looked up.
“So, I came over here to yell at you about fucking up our data pull,” Tony said with a shrug, “but apparently you’re pissed too so maybe I’ll skip it.”
. There will be no debate.”
Steve laughed.  “Sounds just like him!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Mazel tov!” Bruce burst out with a grin, as if he’d barely been holding it in. Nat smiled. Clint’s look of shock was comical. He kept glancing back and forth between Steve and Tony.
happy to see him, but it felt so hideously awkward. But not just awkward—gross, like he was some disgusting parasite, swooping in to use their tragedies and hardships to make himself feel like a good man, not just another rich asshole. Like he was showing up to collect his due of gratitude and groveling. To force himself on their consciousness and remind them just who paid for what, and whose house that was, just by being there, no matter what he actually said or did.
“And you!  I watched your Colbert interview.  Powerful stuff. You did a lot of good for people by speaking out like that.”
Tony laughed and shook his head, turning back to the cityscape.
Tony chuckled. Jackie launched into a riff on Madonna and ‘sexy Jesus’ and Tony was glad to have everything back to normal. (And Captain America banished from the conversation.)
This section of Sexology is lifted VERBATIM from the actual book of the same title.  In addition to having tons of insane, absurd, and offensive views of sex and gender, one of the book's main goals was to prevent marital rape and educate young turn-of-the-century men about consent. It's a fascinating and (at at times) infuriating read!
Eventually Tony let out a deep chuckle.  “My God, you’re adorable.”  He kissed Steve on the forehead.  “I love that you always *ask* before giving me a blowjob.  Like I’m gonna say ‘no’!”
Tony woke the next morning to the sound of Steve returning from his run.
Rhodey’d gone into Rambo mode. He’d used all his sick days and vacation time to play bodyguard bestie 24/7, barging in if another Dom got up in Tony’s space uninvited, hovering around if a Dom even
Tony looked up and Rogers smiled at him as he slid a beautiful omelet onto the counter for Tony.  Something about Rogers’ smile made him nervous.  It wasn’t bright or obviously happy; it was a quiet smile, subtly pleased.  Tony looked at the omelet.  Suddenly, Tony didn’t want it anymore; he forced himself to pick up his fork anyway.  Rogers took a seat next to him and served himself some fruit and a pancake.  He asked Bruce something about tornadoes.
Ta-da!  There it is. Finally.  FINALLY! I really hope you liked it.  Uh, maybe let me know?  Favorite bits?  Stuff that surprised you (in a good way)?  Comments are love!
Tony managed to hold in a little laugh. (Oh man! Steve doesn’t wanna go for the same reasons I don’t!) Tony was about to promise Christmas with him in the Tower would be chill when Steve added.
Steve let out a long sigh.
want to eat the food I’d cook us, so I order out. No big deal. Just hospitality. But, hey, if you like, next time you can order the
Tony gave him a shrug and a grin.  “What can I say?  Nobody gets my tech.  Now tell me why you’re trying to hold Bruce hostage.”
“Right, Tones?” Rhodey said.
“Pepper,” Bruce cut in more firmly, “I honestly think--”
to be right on time.  I’ll get you out and back before you’re anything more than fashionably late.”
“Say it, Tony,” Steve prompted.  “Say it for me.”
“Reading things into people’s safewords.  It’s like those fake science studies of what your sleeping position means to your relationship, or how your favorite foods predict romantic compatibility or bullshit like that.”  Tony shook his head.  “My safeword is ‘safeword.’ ”
