(See the end of the chapter for
John and Sherlock rushed to the Yard. Before this new evidence, both Lestrade’s and Sherlock’s leading theory had been that the culprit was the victim’s coworker, and the motive was assumed to be something to do with the project that Mrs Tilney had mentioned. They had been about to go to his office and look up some papers and begin questioning the employees.
“Nothing at all John, well, nothing of consequence.”
John hadn't thought of that, but this time a ready excuse came to his mind, maybe because it wasn't that much of a lie. "Not much longer actually, I'm going to be sent on a mission far away, for a long time."
Yeah, I married John to Sarah! I wanted to experiment in a world where John married someone normal. Not a secret assassin, just a normal person. And I did like Sarah a lot.
Sherlock was not sure if his deductions very accurate. John seemed to be slightly flustered, and if he was not mistaken, embarrassed at being caught thinking. But Sherlock was too hassled with his own thoughts, and did not delve into the matter any further. Instead he pulled out his phone.
Sherlock cocked his head to one side, not as much quizzically as it was scrutinizing and John shifted a bit, uncomfortable, but making a pretty good show of being, largely, at ease.
“No, no. Sorry,” John said, not hiding his laughter, and most certainly not sorry at all. “It’s alright, lie down.”
-----------
And he smiled with understanding, not of unrequited love, but a way of caring for each other that had been accepted by both of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, my timings are going to change slightly
Mrs. Hudson smoothed the fabric of Sherlock’s tuxedo, and straightened his collar. It was beautiful fabric, smooth, with the jet black colour sharpening it's edges, like, she thought, the cold precision that he claimed to like. It was almost like Sherlock. Almost. She picked up a light pink rose, and placed it in his pocket. There you are, Mrs. Hudson smiled to herself. Perfect balance, common sense and reasoning, completely upset by the presence of the rose- a betrayal of the emotion within. And yet the suit could not have been better complemented.
Mycroft smiled wearily at him, "That, Dr Watson, is a story for another time. Bringing the point back home, you became a liability for Sherlock due to which he had to go through all of this."
Again.
All this would be gone in a month.
You kiss me on the cheek, ever so tenderly. I have thought about it,how your lips would feel. They aren't anything like I have imagined. In my imagination, they are soft like rose petals, and they taste like something, I never know what it is, but it's somehow you. And there, you kiss me like my lips are the only place where yours belong.
You smiles softly, and patting my head saying, "It's okay."
Yeah.
The chaos that he'd awoken to in the morning had completely put out of his mind the blog entry he'd made. Oh god,
Sherlock and John get a scolding from Moustached John, and Sherlock tells the John from another universe all about his 'high' past.
But even as he planted himself on solid ground, his feet gave away, particularly his left one, and he hit the floor with a thud.
Sherlock looked at John, really looked at him, as if surprised at his independent thought and emotion. "Mycroft cannot stop me if I want to, regardless of a case. There is nothing that he can say or do to change my mind." There was still a rebellious tinge to it, but an overall sense of control had been established over his syllables.
At first John kept silent, hoping Sherlock would eventually tell him what he'd deduced, but he looked up to find the detective looking at him with an expectant look. "Um, not really," John rubbed his neck, thinking internally that too much was asked of him too soon. He needed to recover from sleep and everything else going on in his life. Which was, a
And all good things and bad things alike- must come to an end. But when the song came to its final notes, they still didn’t let go. They lingered on for a second or two, till the silence became evident. Then, untangling themselves from each other, they stood looking at each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
He loved Mary, it wasn't that he didn't. It's just that--
Ahhhh such angst
Then his lips curved into a soft "oh" as his brows, which had progressively knit closer, now unfurled a little.
Thinking about how cute John looked when he scrunched up his eyebrows did not help his cause.
', "and post it. It will be an excellent way to tell your story to the public without having to expose you at all." Mycroft hummed, expressing his approval and satisfaction.
Anxiety rising inside him, he left one last voicemail on her number. "Hey Harry. Sort of worried about you. Please call me. And er, take care. Bye."
Thankfully, he recovered in time, and vowed to never do it again.
"You look like you're crying."You look concerned, and it makes me smile
Thought Sherlock, and he turned around, and said, his voice almost a shout, "I didn't choose, Mycroft. And I know that love is a chemical defect found on the losing side."
John had never admitted it out loud. Never even fully thought about it in his head, it was too painful to think about. He remembered Mycroft asking Sherlock a similar question. "So who loves you? Assuming it's not a long list." And John had frozen then, afraid that his wildly beating heart would have given away the answer.
It was done.
Sherlock's face hardened, apparently John had hit a nerve too, and with an exceptionally polite tone, he replied.
"How long have you been keeping a watch on me?"
Then, he abruptly stopped himself. They weren't the characters of the romcom, they were the
He didn't know why he'd thought the nightmares would go away. They didn't.
Part of him was angry with himself, wasn't this what he had wanted all along? Why had he flirted with her and come down every time to see her out?
John sighed audibly, thinking that he should have known that this was coming and then, ruefully thought to himself, that didn't know a lot of things regarding the people around him these days.
"Yes, thank you." Mycroft's voice resonated loudly in the mostly silent room, calm in contrast to the chaos outside. "I trust you've read the newspapers and have felt the
Instantly both men stopped whatever they were doing to gape, as if they weren't aware of the possibility of this happening for a few weeks now. John, who had just started to stand up from the couch, paused midway.
He had had experiences with de-addiction before, like he had for Harry, his sister. It suddenly struck him he hadn't told her about this whole fiasco and that she'd find out from the papers. He felt bad about it, but then the feeling subsided when he remembered that
Now came the moment that Sherlock most dreaded. He might have enjoyed it, but he did not trust himself to hold back. So he decided to get on with it quickly.
There were times when they, leaning against he headboard of John's bed, tried to get Rosie to sleep, the three of them ending up sleeping together, curled up around each other.
Then Sherlock opened his eyes, and appropriately the spell was broken, both of them startled as they realised their hands were still on each other's faces.
Miserable, wasted, slopping drunk over the floor.
And lastly, LOTS OF LOVE AND THANKS to all my readers who made this process so much more better and fun and helped me write even when I felt like I couldn't. I cannot thank you enough for all your love and motivation.
The incriminating bottle and the documents that many labours had been undertaken for were left behind, Sherlock reasoned, due to the horror of having taken his father-in-law’s life, and appropriately Mr McArthy left in a haze of panic.
"I don't know, Mycroft. I don't know why I am sad. It's John's wedding, and he has a wife, and I should be happy, play the role of a best friend."
Rosie simply watched them for a while, at peace, and then went to sleep quitely, somehow knowing better than to disturb her parents in a moment like that.
I get up and turn down the lights, leaving them very dim.
“Very well. Now I suppose you would like to do a waltz. Now of course, there are many styles, some are more complicated, but with enough practice--” “Sherlock,” John cut him off, “We’re doing the final dance rehearsal tomorrow. I was hoping you would teach me something simple.”
John attempted at a chuckle. Sure he had come to terms with Mary's death, but seeing her again brought back old memories.
And so he stood straighter, resigned to do what Mycroft wanted until he could see a way out.
Together, with some healthy bickering, they wrote up the post and read through the comments.
And with that she made her exit, with a grin flashed at them and a wink at John.
Tonight, John decided he wanted to know just what Sherlock did all night. He expected to find the detective at the kitchen table that he'd hijacked for his experiments, eyes alert with that all-seeing cold gaze.
It was a wild, unthinkable thought. Feeling dazed with all the 'what-ifs', he imagined briefly what it would have been like to kiss Sherlock. He threw the thought out of his head the very next moment. Sherlock Holmes was his best friend, and best man. John had a wife. He was happy.
He vowed he'd get answers from the stupid prat when morning came.
Mycroft slowly walked towards him, as if approaching an animal; for an animal Sherlock was, wounded, hurt.
“Oh many things,” the Sherlock in the video began, causing an “Oi!” from John. The footage continued, “He often raises objections with my experiments, and is most unrelenting in his insistence that I eat something regularly. I do not eat, especially during cases, because digestion slows down mental processes. But John insists on feeding me, and all but shoves food down my throat.”
John sighed, nodding, not knowing what else to say. He really had to go and talk to Sherlock.
"Oh yes, Mycroft. You. Hello." the John that didn't have a moustache smiled a smile that he hoped didn't feel as fake as it felt. "I... "
"John, due to the architecture of baker Street, the two bedrooms in your flat are clearly visible to the person in the opposite building. There are a few old women living in adjacent flats who have a direct view to them, and are quite eager to talk to the press about everything that they see.
The Boys spend a week in each others' company
John fumbled a bit in the beginning, and almost tripped, which might have brought both of them to the ground, but Sherlock caught him by the waist in time, and jerked John towards him.
"Oh, my assistants will email you the content. You will write it in your own words," that sounded a lot like '
"I told you, caring is not an advantage."
are going to do."
"Hello John." Mary smiled.
When we got together, John, I was sure that you were over him. But on that day, when Sherlock came back I realized how wrong I was. I had then decided to accept the fact. And I thought that we could share you, John. Not like a commodity, you know, but that we could share a place in your heart.
((This is the last chapter of the fic.))
Rosie giggled softly, and he realized that he had said it out loud.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded his head.
At this, Sherlock said nothing, but even from the feeble moonlight that fell on him, Mycroft could see his shoulders shaking.
Both the Johns and Sherlock unearth truths about both universes, as the tale begins to unfold in front of them.
And chapter 7!!!!
"Not my fault you weren't there." Was all the detective would say, with a small frown, but John couldn't help that small surge of pride.
John was glad Sherlock had said that and not "check if you and I have fallen in love". Because then that sentence would be out there in the open, and freely available for John's torturous memory to store.
They could make the arrest by tomorrow.
Standing up quietly from Lestrade's side, he first looked at the room, then. At Sherlock, and taking a deep breath, began, "Brother mine, as you know, I have always despised sentiment, and everything that comes with it. I have always considered it to be a chemical defect, a weakness." There was no sound except those of his even, carefully spoken words, and as he looked at Sherlock, who had grown stiff. Sherlock knew that Mycroft did not approve of sentiments.
woman asked.
"Psychopathic?" Sherlock looked up, meeting John's eyes squarely, and John could see the feigned nonchalance in them, and remembered the words Inspector Donovan had used for him that perhaps others had too, and realised why Sherlock was so defensive. '
“Maybe, but…” Sherlock paused and looked up at John meaningfully. Ah, this was a cue for John to try and deduce it himself. Sherlock did this occasionally, and it made John feel childishly proud when he did reason correctly and received Sherlock's approbation. So he gave it a try.
"Here," Harry handed it back to him with annoyance all over her features, "and tell your boyfriend to quit nosing around in others' business."
He hadn't known.
There was barely time to feel anything, and as much as there was disappointment pooling in his stomach, John was also very relieved.
You get up, and leave, without saying anything else.
?" Sherlock protested vehemently, evidently not liking these restrictions. John wasn't too keen on them himself.
As always, a HUGE THANKS TO VANSHIKA WHO MAKES EVERYTHING SO MUCH MORE BETTER, AND WHO TOOK THE LAST LINE AND SPRINKLED HER MAGIC DUST ON IT!!!
John woke up from his dozing, finding Sherlock still in his lap, fast asleep, and the telly murmuring in the background.
John leant forward too, thinking, '
"Merry Christmas, Molly Hooper."
John found out that all his 'preaching skills' had been used up quickly, and he felt very awkward now, sitting there under the detectives dissecting gaze.
He stood for a second on the footpath he was walking on and shut his eyes tightly. He took a deep breath, trying to just... Live.
They'd breezed by John's interview, and other than a strict warning to not bring up Sherlock's, er, experiments on human body parts, John had played the role of the lovesick boyfriend exceedingly well.
"Yes of course John. But what if I agree to become Rosie's father? What happens when you get another girlfriend, another wife. Where will this extra 'father' go?" He spat at John angrily.
Irritation clouded Mycroft's features as he said, "Get yourself together Sherlock! It's a choice you've made, and you have to face its consequences."
It doesn't matter, he realised, the damage was done. He couldn't go and undo it.
"Boyfriend then."
You laugh lightly, "That he will, Mrs Hudson."
?" John had grown positively more and more lost as Mycroft's narrative had gone on.
"Yes, obviously, because I'm a five year old child, who needs constant inspection." Sherlock replied, not bothering to hide his exasperation.
Gosh. We're really at chapter 17 hiuh.
John was completely taken aback by the question and the directness of Mycroft's voice.
He went back to the crowd, and found Sherlock talking to a guest. When the guest had moved away, Sherlock asked, "So, how was it?"
Their lips touched for a second, and then each was kissing air.
John chuckled. "Well, that is true."
"You help people simply because you can and because you want to.And that makes you a better man than most people around here. So don't waste all of that on getting high." John finished, his eyes moist, his left hand in a continuous clenching and unclenching episode, and his left leg feeling slightly heavy.
"No," Sherlock said, the slightest of annoyance evident in his voice, as if he should have been able to deduce it by sight alone "But I know that you're a doctor, with some military career in the past,which gave you a shoulder wound-- right one, no left-- you live with a child, most likely a daughter and your husband and worst of all, work for Mycroft."
"You know what I
"John" Mrs Hudson chirped and John proceeded to sit on his usual place at her tea table, the panic that was welling in his chest subsiding when she did not seem to find any discrepancy in his appearance. "Just give me a minute, would you, I'll get you the cuppa."
Before his existence as it was, was erased from the canvas of the universe, he had one final chance to record whatever he thought was relevant. Whatever that had to be preserved.
Another voice echoed, and Mycroft stepped from the shadows, “I understand you have put yourself in a very,” he paused as though searching for words, very well knowing he didn’t need to. “delicate predicament. Tsk-tsk, remember, brother mine, caring is not an advantage.” He ran a hand along the handle of his umbrella- a cold calculated gesture to lay emphasis on his statement, before smiling and vanished.
, I presume."
Sherlock stood poised, elegant, and beautiful in the suit. The darkness of it brought out his own paleness, making him look like a skillfully sculpted marble statue. And though he looked spectacular, it was his face that was worth looking at more than his body. A big smile stretched across his features. The smile of a man who was deeply, madly, irrevocably in love, of a man whose future excited him more than words. It had a sort of happiness in it that was child-like. Pure, unadulterated, limitless.
', how wonderful John." Sherlock's voice was disdainful though not unamused as he read out an excerpt from his phone.
All in all, it took Sherlock twenty minutes to come to the correct conclusion, an additional stifling thirty minutes to work with the Yard to build up evidence.
"Shh-shh." Sherlock's voice was calm over John's own, which was really the result of a tremendous amount of self control. John needed him, and he had always given John his all. "John. We don't need to turn back time. I have never felt that the time we spent together was a waste. Every second with you is a pleasure." It seemed as though he had rehearsed it a million times, but as the words spewed out uncontrollably, Sherlock surprised himself. He was not very good at expressing emotions. Until now, probably.
"Yeaj, why wouldn't. I be?" I realize that my eyes are wet.
His eyes were both energetic due to the cocaine, and tired, a slight stubble had grown on his cheeks, there were lines beginning to develop under his eyes, they were getting heavier.
"I think I made myself perfectly clear." Mycroft said plainly.
And then, when John stood without doing anything, Mycroft said irritatedly, "Press the red button, John. You can use it thrice, to reach the same time stamp and once you're done, press the 'Reset' button which ought to bring you back to the present."
(See the end of the chapter for
For a moment, I can see it. I can see us, together, holding hands, and me laughing at something you just said. Your mouth quirks into a smirk, full of the satisfaction that you made me laugh. I can see you looking at me, with an odd look in your eyes, and we're close, oh so close ,and you lean in slowly. I can feel your warm breath.
This time it was more that a friend Sherlock had lost.
Sherlock caught himself.
P.s.please give kudos, comments or constructive criticism if you like the story!
The little voice in his head would lure him,
“If I could teach you how to.” Completed Sherlock. He smiled indulgently, “Yes, with your gait and manner of holding yourself, I did deduce you had two left feet.”
It was a tentative statement, and Mycroft was walking on unknown grounds, not sure how much Sherlock had used. He hoped he had come on time, and would be able to control the situation before it got out of hand.
"Oh." John stood there for a minute, unsure of what to say.
"No Sherlock, I do want to accompany you to cases. It's just," John walked to what had become 'his' chair, motioning Sherlock to sit opposite. "I think--"
"Mary." He tilted his head slightly. His voice shook only slightly.
John.”
Should it have made John as hot and bothered as he felt? Probably not. But then again, John had not snogged or gotten a leg up in quite some time, which really, he explained to himself, made up for everything without the slightest bit of doubt. Just a bit touch starved.
And it feels amazing.
The people who fall in love with you Sherlock, there's a bug, a defect in their wiring.The people who love you, Sherlock. They can never stop. Never fall out of love with you. They might love others, but they will never stop loving you. However little , however detached.
He couldn't. John couldn't live with this man for two months and experience him in all his brilliance and take money for it, like it wasn't the most amazing thing to ever happen to him.
There was the detective, pulled down by sorrow. Sorrow caused by John. It pained him to see Sherlock reduced to this state. It killed him to know that he himself was the reason.
Sherlock opens his eyes for a second, he's not sure about what he heard, he's not sure about what is true or not.
Sherlock nods, back to silence again. He doesn't want to take a breath and think about something useless, about something that is not going to change anything. Not the state of things, not his sorrow, not the hole in his chest, not his shortcomings.
“It's always you, John. It will always be you. You're everything of human I have, everything I've always wanted.”
“It had to be you, John” he says in the end, eyes down. He feels John's gaze get up on his face, but he can't watch him. “I wanted it to be you.”
“No, you're not.”
A whisper, Sherlock moans, John moans louder, another gasp.
“Sherlock.”
John is in front of the window, arms folded. He looks tired, terribly tired.
He has his back on the mattress, and John is always careful not to turn him and to look him in the eyes.
Does anybody want an explanation on HOW she deduced it?
Because sometimes I see you clearly. Without all the walls, all the facades, or tricks. That is what I love the most about you. It's easy to overlook your moments of arrogance, rudeness or eccentricity when you think about these. Eccentric you still are, but the arrogance and rudeness has mellowed down. You started to show people you care about them. You thank me often, smile at me, and you look at me like you understand me.
Without missing a beat, Mycroft replied.
Sherlock of course, had noticed him already, though he made a show of adjustiting a thing or two before replying, “No, no, of course not.”
Until then, please leave kudos or comments or constructive criticism. Thanks!!
It was obvious he should continue from where his first recording had stopped, but he had so much to say, the first recording seemed inadequately short and the second too long to be possible.
John, however, was used to his tactics and did not flinch a muscle.
"John, don't you see?" Mom's voice is incredulous.
Mycroft's voice drawled as John entered, standing In between his large plush black chair and his even larger mahogany desk, which was neatly stacked with papers. His palms were splayed on the desktop, his back bent slightly, as he looked at John amidst all the paperwork.
Instead, he thought of the Sherlock he had left in the flat, the man who was probably sitting with drugs pumping in his veins instead of blood, his head swimming. The tired eyes and slumped body of the man he had witnessed today. That was all it took for him to decide.
And John watched it dawn on the detective, like some sick, painful joke. Watched as curiosity piqued in the taller man, as his eyes widened ever so slightly in realization, the split second of hurt that was quickly masked, and the features that hardened, betraying nothing.
"Do still believe he's not better off without you?" Mycroft asked. When John gave no answer, Mycroft slumped his shoulders in resignation.
"Ah, finally, something about my
"What? You want to try again?" Mary asked, teasing John of course, but with a hopeful turn to her smile and eyes.
that Sherlock had been lying to him about not needing sleep,
Rosie walked daintily down the aisle with a little basket of light yellow rose petals, that did brilliant job of going along with the light blue of her gown, which she took care didn't make her stumble. After all, this was the wedding of the best dads in the world. Behind her, supervising the child was Molly, who affectionately looked on as Rosie excitedly threw rose petals around, leading up to the end where John and Sherlock stood waiting. This elicited a lot of 'oohs' and 'aahs' as Rosie charmed her way down the aisle, stealing the hearts of everyone in the room.
"Round two?!"
He hated himself for it.
"Whatever do I need to answer? I was simply resting in my chair. Not a crime, is it?"
Was there anything in the world that could force him to leave Sherlock?
Warmth floods my chest. Even though I know that it was your fever talking, for a split second I savour the feeling of what it means. It feels wonderful, and I turn to look at you in the dim light of the room. It glows a little as the golden light falls on your face. There is an innocence to your face, one that you always had. It's not the innocence of the naive, but of the powerful, the untouchable. And yet the calmness on your face as you sleep is childlike. For a moment, I am taken aback. Your face has no trace of the cold, calculating mind that you like to show everyone, for now it looks tired, vulnerable. I smile because it is then that I realize who you truly are.
Abruptly, John drew back, with perhaps a mere inch between them, the overpowering feeling that he could not kiss Mary making him feel repulsed at their closeness.
I close the windows, but the strong wind shows some resistance. Firmly putting the latch, I draw the curtains, and then come back to your bedside, tucking you in properly. You sneeze violently in response, and I give a sigh.
This is about Mary Watson. I know a lot of people think that she is bad and all, but this Mary is what John imagined her to be.
It seemed as if a circuit had been completed, for sparks of electricity, like fireworks clouded their brain.
You say it so softly, I am not sure if You actually said it, and so I turn to look at you, to make sure I am not imagining things.
"Oh is it the cost you're worried about?" Sherlock waved his hand, as if dismissing all John's concerns, "Don't worry about it, Mycroft's got most of it covered, though if you--"
He finally reached a secluded spot, and found her standing there, as if she had known that it was the place he would pick. She'd worn a black dress, as if in a funeral. It had been a long time since he'd last seen her.
"Mary, I--" John couldn't explain why he'd done what he did, embarrassed at having recoiled like this. And yet, he realised, if they were to try again he would still behave the same way.
He indeed did. Wearing a matching tux as Sherlock's, his silver hair were combed backwards, as Sherlock had taken a likening to, John stood still with Harry fluttering around him, making little adjustments, and looking at him critically, as if to find imaginary mistakes. There was only one difference between the way Sherlock wore it, and the way John did. Sherlock looked like an aristocrat, whereas John, like a army man, a commander, if you will. Harry stepped back a little, allowing Mrs Hudson to take over, and as the latter chatted excitedly, Harry looked at them, warmth flooding her chest.
We talk for a long time. I don't find any difficulty in keeping the facade of Mary Morstan. I have done this hundreds of times before. Only this is the last time. This is who I am going to be, forever. I am leaving my past behind, and if all goes well, the man in front of me is going to be my present and future.
None of them mattered now.
"No Sherlock. Not nice at all," John fought to keep his anger under control. "Look, I appreciate what you did for Harry yesterday, but you don't have to keep helping us. We're okay."
Below that was a very long article that was continued on page 2 and 3 apparently, and their names there-- probably Mycroft's handiwork to make things sail quicker-- and a picture of the two of them standing: John staring at Sherlock, slightly awestruck. Sherlock had his hand outstretched, likely calling out for a cab.
Just as John and Sherlock were feeling the relief of having crossed the bridge without burning it, Mary stepped forward and patted their shoulders. "Round two please. And this time don't jerk away like you've been electrocuted when you do it. Ta mates."
John felt the warmth emanating from Sherlock, and perhaps, could it be? A bit of affection. In Sherlock’s arms, he did feel warmth; but something else too. Safety. A kind of haven right there, and it felt strange. It was a feeling he hadn’t felt for a long time now. All this while, he had been protecting. On the war field, protecting his fellow soldiers, protecting Sherlock on his haywire adventures, protecting Mary.
Before, I thought that we could share you. But now that I am dead,  I realized something. No, I had always known it. I knew when I took the bullet for Sherlock. I know it now.
It's a sad chapter.....
"I've known Sherlock for a very long time, John, and let me just say this, Sherlock Holmes has always been a great man, but you made him a good one." He smiled softly to the applause in the room. " And Sherlock, now, I think your brother would like to say a few words."
Sherlock thought about this for a moment, and then sliding his hands down his face, asked,
Two practice kisses, one rejected kiss, and a case to solve.
“Ah, yes! ‘Thinking Out Loud’ by Ed something-or-the-other.”
And then he suggested, in a low voice, "We can began our attempts for salvaging John's domesticity from tomorrow, can we not? Tonight, I think, we can reserve to mourn."
John opened his mouth to answer, found that 'nine years' though correct was hardly one by which either of them would be comforted, and settled for, "A while."
They laughed, and Sherlock took out his phone.
First morning in Baker Street, the first experience of fame and Mycroft being smug.
"Though she was previously against using it, after much persuasion, she agreed to lend me this, on the condition that I only use it thrice, at the most, and has configured it to be so. She has, helpfully, set the coordinates to the park at approximately the time you met Mike Stamford.
Now it feels as though I am making excuses for you.
Without meaning to, John looked for his past self on the busy hospital floor, and when he found him exiting the premises, he did nothing to stop him and followed him out. He looked at the limping weary form in front of him and then looked away.
, John did remember her then. Quite well in fact. This was fantastic news.
An absolutely sinister thought crossed his mind, and before his rationality could stop him, he blurted, “You could lie with your head in my lap y'know. You'd be more comfortable that way.”
"Right then," John said, eyes traveling over her features, in an attempt to rekindle the feelings of not too long ago. "Bye."
"Oh," Sherlock said, hurt, not having expected his perfectly good intentions to backfire so hard. "I will refrain from interfering again."
He was setting aside the papers, chiding Sherlock for not keeping his ones properly, when he cast a glance at Mary. There was a glint in her eyes, and a warning bell rang in the back of John's head: the kiss.
"Oh John," she spoke in the way of explaining a simple thing to a child, "you loved him the day we met. You loved him when we were together. You loved him when he came back. You loved him when we married. And you love him even now John. You always have." She chuckled sadly, as if at her own fate.
Sherlock took in a deep breath, and that moment which would have been otherwise silent, was interrupted by an 'Ah!' From Rosie, who was in the corner of the room, sitting on a yellow blanket, which was barely seen under the rubble of toys.
He reached for the remote, turned the telly off, and settled comfortably into the couch, already apologizing for another night that his back would have to survive sleeping on a 'not-bed'.
John wasn't sure why, but he had expected Sherlock's lips to be harsh, dry. Instead, they were sweetly soft, firm in the space they occupied, demanding attention as they pressed against his own. They tasted faintly of the tea they'd had, and John realised Sherlock added a lot more sugar in the tea than he let on. The edge of his lips curled at the thought.
And perhaps I am not your mother, but in that moment I feel a wave of affection drown me and I smile, closing the door behind me quietly.
"You can hardly argue with your own mind, darling." She cupped the side of his face, and placed a kiss on his cheek. "It's time to say goodbye!"
For a split second, something very much like anger flitted through her eyes, but it was replaced quickly with a sad, disappointed look.
Lestrade gave him an appreciative pat on the back, and his gaze fixed on Sherlock, who was looking right back at him. Stepping away from the crowd, they stood silently facing each other for a moment. Then, "Mycroft."
"To err-- check on you."' John fumbled a bit before solidifying his certainty. "I'm here to check on you." It wasn't much, but he hoped it was enough.
“So, will you?” John ignored the jibe.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had explained to John how he thought it was very likely that the man was hired by Moriarty: he was the only one who'd profit from their -- Sherlock and John's-- actions; namely if the prophecy he'd made was coming to fruition.
Without any preamble, he placed a hand on John’s waist, the other grabbing his hand, and dipped him low.
Perhaps, it is your way of caring, being candid. Or maybe you do not know the extent of damage your words do.
Sherlock knitted his eyebrows together angrily and stepped into John's personal space, in a bid to intimidate him.
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson didn't know and would never know each other.
it, not that I'd
There were, of course, other things that he liked to remember when he was feeling low- usually when he was bored and had used, always feeling alittle guilty, but letting the want take control. He would remember Redbeard, and imagine himself playing with the dog. Some days he would remember Victor- but only for a few moments- before banishing him to a corner of crumbling walls.
He played a broken, sad tune, which occasionally bordered on noise as he clumsily played it, making a bad show of hiding his state. The room was dark, to say the very least, with only one lamp that provided any light, so that most of the room was illuminated only because of the moon.
John's jaw clenched, his senses heightened, his eyes roamed over Sherlock, looking for signs. Sherlock's eyes were blown wide, his hands a little shaky. John stopped mid sentence, his breath caught momentarily, anger quickly rising. He wanted nothing more than to strangle Sherlock to the ground.
Gingerly, he laid his hands on Sherlock’s hair, barely touching them at first and then gradually gaining confidence, and letting his fingers reach deep into them, brushing his scalp, something he had not dared to do before.
"Mom, it's not like that. She's just under peer pressure. And this is just temporary, she will stop drinking."
"The same friend who gave you that password?" John asked, amusement evident in his voice.
"No. We're just -- friends." John gulped, a bit in disbelief. Had Sherlock just suggested that his future self may also be attracted to him? Of course not. He couldn't be, Sherlock didn't feel things like that.
John coloured up instantly, not meeting Sherlock's eye.
One such morning, when the day had only begun and soft sunshine filtered onto their bed, that Sherlock woke up, trying to understand what the heavy weight on his left torso was.
He hadn't even looked at it properly. He hadn't even thought about it properly.
When he'd chosen to hurt Sherlock by saying what he had, back at the flat.
John had been in the process of making tea, but he rather forgot about it. The kettle was on put to boil without switching on the gas.
John would later recollect each moment of it perfectly. He'd lifted his left hand once again to Sherlock's face and leant forward, and this time, having evidently learnt from the previous attempt, Sherlock did the same. John felt his face being encompassed by a large hand and tilted upwards; somewhat clumsily, their lips met.
As I add my final touches, you talk about your honeymoon, and Sherlock. You talk like you're in constant awe of him, but not with the blind admiration of a puppy, but of someone who's seen his devils. Seen him conquer them. Like you're proud of him for doing it. And now I can see you two, old and fragile, holding hands, smiling like two lovesick fools. But you deserve it, you know. And I really am happy for you.
And, if you like the story, please leave kudos or comments or constructive criticism!
*****
“So john, what brings you to Baker Street?”
Everyone was quiet. They were seated, waiting. Lestrade was about to give his best man speech.
"Good. Then you'll do as you declared earlier. Make sure that 'You never met him'. "
He pushed open the doors, walking into the lab, trying not to fidget, his entire body shifting to battlefield mode. Sherlock looked up from the petri dish he was examining and experimenting on. His attention snapped onto John and the latter felt exposed.
"Yes?"
For their faces were close. Close enough for John to see the wrinkles that were slowly becoming more pronounced, the faint hint of grey at Sherlock's temples. The tenderness of the eyes that held his own, the galaxies hidden in them. It stirred something inside him.
The last night if their honeymoon period, the next morning, and the entry of a surprise guest .
"Oh," John said, his sarcasm very apparent, "people laughing? That must have been very hard on you."
But that's it. That is were I stop Every time, Sherlock. Because I never know what it feels like to kiss you.
The annoying, yet accurate voice in his head spoke,
There was a brief silence in which both of them soaked this in. Yes they did know they'd have to share a bedroom. But really, John had thought that it would only be for a day or two, so that later when they'd be asked John could tell everyone whether Sherlock was a snorer or not.
Aaaaaaaa another chapter, hope you guys are liking it, and please leave kudos or comments if you do like it!
Then with a slightly humorous tone, "It was great dancing with you."
Of being together, now, of being. Simply of being.
“What's the problem? I did something...”
“They are looking for you, they're close. I saw them.”
He will tell him, one day.
He will tell him, one day.
And there is a voice, his voice, in that remote corner of his mind palace where he's still able to listen.
“Can I, John?”
“Sherlock?”
“You can’t do it, John. You can’t manage him”
The first time Sherlock asks him, John trembles. He's not sure about what Sherlock wants, he's not sure about anything.
The words get lost in an orgasm that hits them both and ends with a scream. John knows who Sherlock really is, and he keeps the secret deep down, hidden in his soul. It could not be otherwise.
The boy stands up, he looks young, he must be very young. Sherlock wonders what he’s doing there, he wonders why he's asking himself these questions. Irrelevant, after all.
“John...” Sherlock whispers, taking their pleasures and moving them together, holding them with his hand, with delicacy.
Sherlock has always loved it, but not this time. This time the silence is just sorrow, it's just purplish bruises on his snowy and naked skin, exposed, terribly available.
Time for another miracle.
He will tell him, one day.
It's for this reason, for this feeble sunshine that reaches him, that Sherlock says no: he tries not to get caught, he closes his legs as hard as he can, and talks for the first time in weeks.
There are good days and bad days.
John wakes up with the usual morning erection pulled against something incredibly soft. He squints his eyes, a bit confused, and realises that he's still entangled with Sherlock, who pulled John against him.
Sherlock remembers that day very well. He often thinks about it, when he's not so tired that he still can. He likes how his name posed on John's lips, as if it was the only place in the world where his name was supposed to be.
“It's better now.” John's voice is terribly close, and it isn't a question.
A thrust stronger than the others and John leans his head back, against the pillow.
He laughs, realizing where he is. “I don't know if I should be ashamed or not, sorry, Sherlock” he says. His voice is warm and sincere. He's not ashamed, not for real, he just thinks that this has never happened to him before. To have Sherlock in his bed, he means.
John moves a bit, lifts him up, moves his curls off his forehead and sees the terror in his eyes.
And John doesn't stop, his tongue caresses slowly his lover’s jaw, he barely touches his lips. He walks down his scar letter by letter and tries to make Sherlock realise that he is the best and the most extraordinary man John's ever known, that he ever had the chance of meeting.
“You're...” he tries to say, but then he stops. He can't hold a moan. He knows he doesn’t have to do it anymore, he doesn't need to hold or hide anything, for any reason, ever again.
“Stay”, he asks again. “I'm cold”, he says then, as a sort of an excuse, as if he needed an excuse to ask John to stay with him. And it's actually just what he needs, because he isn’t anywhere near to telling him. Not yet, not yet.
He remains silent when the last piece of cloth tears and leaves his skin exposed, he remains silent when someone or something pushes him to the ground, hard, his face pressed against the filthy floor, hot fluid that wets his dark curls and he really doesn't want to know what it is.
And Sherlock begins to run, he runs towards those lights. He knows that it's just adrenaline, he's too weak to sustain that run for long. He has three minutes, maybe four. Not more.
John always touches him gently, he always looks him in the eyes.
“We've got time, Sherlock. We've got all the time of the world.”
“I will never hurt you. Never.”
“Don't stop, John.”
The good ones it hurts a bit less, and Sherlock just sleeps. The bad ones, he can't hold tears and he invocates his voice.
He falls, tripping, and suddenly it’s impossible to get up again. He drags himself on, breathless, dirt and grass on his face. But time is over. And he can't take it anymore.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. And that's scary, Sherlock knows, John knows. *
He’ll think about it later, when he’ll let himself deal with the guilt, now he just has to run.
There's silence everywhere, even inside of him. Even between his thoughts.
It was a case, he remembers. One of many. One of the easy ones. He went alone, of course he went alone. He wouldn't have bothered John for anything less than a seven-point case. At least.
“You must go now, before the others come back. Time is over, time is over!”
Always, as always.
There are a lot of first times, after that one: the first time Sherlock gets up and makes tea for him and for John, and John smiles so much because he has never done it, not even before, and Sherlock thinks that his smile is the best thing ever happened to him. Almost like a nine-point case, you know; the first time Lestrade comes to visit and Sherlock calls him
It will pass. It will change.
He's awakened by sweaty hands running on his body, he closes his eyes and says nothing. He thinks about John, and says nothing.
Sherlock nods, moving some steps, he wobbles.
“No” growls John. John understands, John always understands, he pulls him to his chest and Sherlock holds on to him without having the slightest intention of letting him go, fingers tight to the cloth of his jacket.
“Are you sure?” John often asks. Sherlock's answer is always yes.
He cries because he didn’t have the time or the opportunity to tell him.
John understands, and he’s horrified. Sherlock sees him, he can see all the disgust and the anger. Somewhere inside, Sherlock knows that it’s not John’s fault, but maybe John is just another man and he wants to take him, he wants to hurt him. And he should let him, because it’s John and John’s safe, John’s good and Sherlock doesn’t want him to leave, and he just wants the pain to stop and..
John's eyes begin to fade in his mind and he tries desperately to prevent it, to get hold of them, to remember. But it's like trying to retain water on fingers, and John flows away, like everything else in his life. There is only darkness, and pain.
everyone heard it; the first time Mycroft appears in their living room and Sherlock gives him a half smile, John doesn't notice because he’s still too angry, and the eldest Holmes pretends not to care.
They stay in silent for a bit, John sitting on the floor, Sherlock still under the blanket.
“Get me out of here” he just says. He takes his wrist, he holds it strongly. It's not a request.
The first time John convinces Sherlock to have a bath, it's also the first time Sherlock can see himself in the mirror, and he sees the cuts on his chest. There are red, gnarly scars on his pale skin.
He remains silent because he needs to preserve the energies, he remains silent because the only thing he can do now is escaping in his own mind, in a remote and protected room, secure, in his mind palace, where there's just the 221b of Baker Street and the hands are John's, the skin is John's, and so the smell and his eyes, and the cold floor is just the carpet of their living room and the pain he feels is caused by a fall from a roof. Nothing else, just John. Just what matters. The only thing that matters.
To ask him to take him, to see his blue eyes raising for the surprise and -Sherlock hopes- shining of joy. He didn’t have the time. And he won't anymore.
Is this his name? Is this his name for real?
“John...” he calls, with a feeble voice. Everything hurts and his senses are muffled, but when John comes close to him and looks at him, he thinks he could drown in those eyes and die happily a million times, it doesn't matter the pain he feels in his body.
He will tell him, one day.
John approaches him carefully, breathing slowly while he takes his own towel away and throws it on the floor. Sherlock looks at him without understanding, but he let him take his hand. John takes it, shaking a bit, and he puts it on his skin. He leaves it there, where the Afghan bullet cut through his shoulder. That’s the same scar that allowed them to meet, and maybe all the pain and the sorrow sometimes can be worth it.
“Sh-Sherlock.”
“Die... again?”
It's a strong negation, despite his raspy voice after weeks of silence. He just manages to make them angrier. One takes his hair, pulling it so hard that he screams, foreign fingers filling his mouth.
John sees him. He reads the word
And John stays. He undresses, remaining in pants and t-shirt, and holds him under the sheet, chest against back and Sherlock feels so good, feels some heat, for the first time in weeks. With John in his life, waiting for the morning every day would be worth it.
It takes some time before Sherlock understands that John's touch is like nothing he’s ever experienced, nothing similar, it's just
“Can I touch you?”
He doesn't stay silent now. He just screams when he feels someone grabbing his legs and dragging him back. He doesn't see, eyes are closed and black, crushed by the weight of the beating, but even if they weren't he would close them anyway.
Sherlock takes his time, he always does. He likes John's chest, he likes to linger for a long time with his fingers on his neck, on his scar, brushing up his own scar as well and feeling them close. He knows he's not ready, not for
“Stay” Sherlock asks one evening. He’s cold and so tired, even if he just got up. He opened his eyes and panic took him, his breathing speed up and cold sweat started to drip on his forehead. He called John. “I've all the symptoms of a panic attack” he says, and it's so incredibly like Sherlock saying such a thing, with the usual rationality, that John can do nothing but smile and breath with him.
But what it should be doesn't happen. What happens is something else, and it isn't right. It's anything but right. It's just pain and every other bad thing that there is in the world. Sherlock cries because he cannot scream anymore, a hand closing his mouth and it isn't John's. It's never John's.
The person who'd been following them had disappeared into the shadows. But there was a possibility that they would be followed further.
Mycroft, who'd been waiting patiently during the whole exchange, spoke up. "Yes, indeed. We now need to manage your media presence and therefore, you will not be stepping out of Baker Street for a whole week to mark your 'Honeymoon Period'." Mycroft's voice had more disdain dripping from it than John had ever heard anyone else's.
But of course he had, he was Sherlock Holmes.
Two weeks later, while John is still struggling to forget the discovery he made, a revelation brings him closer to the truth.
Sherlock bent forward too, so that their faces were only centimeters apart. “John,” his voice seemed to have dropped an octave, “This is the part where you kiss Mary.”
had made a blog entry that was
"Mike! Mike Stamford!"
John hadn't known.
"Yes round two. Now don't be babies about it and get to it."
Understandably, things were a bit awkward afterwards, and this time when John jumped at the opportunity of escorting Mary to the door downstairs it was more out of not wanting to be alone with Sherlock than wanting to be alone with Mary.
She wondered if he knew that she was sad on the inside. That she still loved him. Of course he did, she thought. He was Sherlock bloody Holmes!
Mrs Hudson began going on and on about the show-piece, and John tried to get involved in the conversation, hoping Sherlock hadn't caught on to anything.
"Hello Mycroft." John did not possess much politeness at the moment, because he was still trying to figure out how his phone was here and what Sherlock had to do with it.
Always protecting, never protected.
"Mycroft, why are we so different than the- others?"
"Yeah, sure."
"I sometimes don't know what you are thinking, Sherlock." I mutter, mostly to myself, but you are close enough to hear it. "Chasing criminals, and what not in the streets when it's raining cats and dogs outside."
"Ever since, Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. My friend." Your voice cracks a little as you say his name. I suddenly remember why your
One might reasonably assume that John would have recovered his dignity in the time this explanation was given, but the situation there was even worse.
"As you wish, Doctor Watson. Sherlock, don't drive him to insanity, would you? Goodbye."
"Well, now.I am going to go and meet him. So don't go trying to talk to him. It's tradition."
“No, John, its. It’s just that—she, I mean having a child is not ideal for my lifestyle—not that-“
He stopped briefly as Mycroft stepped in, and then continued. The brief pause was the only acknowledgement of Mycroft's presence.
"Just, be a bit more kinder to them the next time yeah? And," John chose his next words carefully, "if you, um, want me to that is, I can help you."
Now there was moisture in them.
"Well, look at the group of reporters. Go on." Sherlock had an encouraging look on his face that meant he was dead set on John figuring it out himself.
There was such wonder in the gaze Sherlock cast upon John, but it was only momentary, before the impressive facade fit back into place. "How much longer has Mycroft asked you to spy on me?"
It was unlikely he'd ever meet Sherlock again after that, right?
There was these little times, that brought them closer to each other, and if it was indeed possible, make their love grow.
I haven't stopped loving you Sherlock. I never will. It's just that it doesn't sting anymore. Not even today, seeing you with John, happier than you were ever before. I don't feel jealous anymore.
He paused before opening the door to the lab, revising, in his mind, the reasons he was here, the 'here' not just the lab, but the time he was in, where he had been transported, and the three chances he'd been given.
And if you like the story, please leave kudos, comments or constructive criticism! Thank you!
Sighing, with his chest feeling strangely hollow, he tried to distract himself, and not face Sherlock lest he picked up on something. But inevitably, every few seconds he caught himself looking at the reflection of the detective's face in the window.
Wow, we're pretty near the end aren't we?  It's been a beautiful journey until now, and I hope that will remain till the end!
Humans could finally time travel and John hadn't given it a second fucking thought.
He continued. "And until it is absolutely necessary, do not attempt to talk to your own past self. And if the need arises-I do not think that I should have to tell you- but do not tell him anything about the future that's important. Am I understood?"
He looked into John's eyes directly, face obstinate like a child's.
“Okay, now I will place a hand on your shoulder. Now give me your other hand, John. Yes, like that.”
You say Sherlock's name like it's a sacred prayer,  savouring it each time you says it, pausing a little. You talk a lot about him, and when you laugh, sometimes you looks to your right,  eyes stopping there for a second, as if you're looking at someone over there. I've checked, there's nobody. I shrug, because everyone has their quirks. I suppose it's just the way you're. It doesn't really matter.
"Do you like it?" Mary asked John, smiling with intent. She was pointing towards a mantelpiece, a statue of L’Enfant Guerrier, the image of a knight on an ostrich.
I chuckle at this, and gently caress your forehead. It burns at my touch, and I recoil my hand with an exclamation.
He kept repeating the question, because it was not possible. It seemed to Sherlock, for a person to care so much about his well being or his drug abuse, even more confusing by the fact that he'd never met the man.
“Excuse me,” Sherlock said to Mrs Hudson, and went upstairs. His departure was met with silence.
Hey guys. We're only one chapter away,  and yes Sherlock finally decided. Aah.  Has this been wild...
, he reminded himself,
"Leave it."
There is a confrontation and some practice in intimacy.
“Sherlock- you dancing- in a gown- imagine you in a tutu. God that’s too much! Oh my god!”
The way Sherlock always wore long sleeves these days, the way he didn't come out for hours from his room, and when questioned said he was doing an experiment. And John hadn't given it a second thought.
By the time he was finished he was actually quite drowsy, as if all the pouring out had left him empty and tired. And therefore it was not with all the awareness that should have been there, that he clicked on the "Publish" button.
One that he could shout from the rooftops now. His voice was scratchy and his hands shaky, when he issued out four more words.
He probably doesn't even know it yet, or else he's too good at hiding it. My money is on the former.
this other agent was.
"Of course Sherlock." Mycroft said this in a very patronising tone, sure to tick the younger Holmes off, "but Lestrade will still be coming around this evening. Goodbye, Sherlock and Doctor Watson."
What can I say, except, ANOTHER CHAPTER.
Two more chapters to go!!! (maybe three),  until the end.  Gawddddd Poor John. And poor Sherlock.  What choice will he make? Only god knows (and maybe I do).
I suppose that is our bond. We understand each other like no one else does. We see the weakness, the pain, when it's hidden.
"But you do not, I understand, feel for him as a best friend should. You feel something more." At this a sob, this time more audible escaped Sherlock.
It was likely that Sherlock was already aware of his presence, and Mycroft's doubts were confirmed, as he found Sherlock with his violin, facing the window to which he stood closely.
"Does it make you uncomfortable John?" He asked, earnest, as he cocked his head to the side. "Mary had called earlier, asking if we were still practicing. Was horrified to know we'd been 'apart a whole night," Sherlock rolled his eyes, still very much cornering John. "She sent me a few websites to look at for a study in intimacy, I found this pose quite frequent and recognised as a form of intimacy. Mary said I should give them all a try. So, going back to the original question, does this make you uncomfortable?"
as this.
They both knew what John was saying. Sherlock had been known to go in a downward spiral due to John's absence before. How would be take to John permanently leaving his life?
'Gaymen chosen to be the greatest lovers of all time.'
This seemed to have hit a nerve somewhere, because Sherlock's neck swerved towards John, defiance etched into his features, plain as daylight. "Again, I'm not a five year old, I am capable of making my own decisions, and if I decide to become unclean, there is nothing that Mycroft can do to prevent it. I have done so before, and as he's already remarked 'rehab doesn't have much of an impression on me'. So tell Mycroft to piss off."
Until one day, when they were both arguing over something, something so very mundane, that John noticed a feverish spark in Sherlock's eyes.
"Nothing, it's just that I am happy for you." I take a deep breath, and see Mrs Hudson step back, out of the corner of the eye. "And I wanted to thank you-- for believing in me."
Sherlock danced on, and for the first time, his mind was blank. Blank so that all he could see was John, the sun in John’s hair- making it glow, like a halo around his head. Like an angel- his angel. Sherlock’s angel. The angel, who had always been there for him; who watched over him, saved him, over and over and over again. but this frightened him, for this blankness, this feeling of completeness of just being in the moment was new to him. he quickly tried to summon the digits of pi. All that came was a random, floating thought:
That it was all torturously inexplicable.
John thought as she walked away.
John and Sherlock go back to where it all began- January the 29th, 2010, St James Park.
Thank you for commenting and giving kudos it's really helped me continue. <3
"Put. It. On. Speaker." Sherlock practically bit out every word, but was sufficiently audible, so John did just that, laughing a little.
It was a nice feeling. And then, again, Sherlock locked eyes with her. It was purely coincidental, and yet, when he stopped to look at her, it felt as though he had invaded her mind, and gone through her thoughts, seen her free herself from him, in a way.
John started. "Wait, what do you mean, 'what he thought'? He has dismantled the entire network, hasn't he?" He asked, both confused and hurt, and a bit frustrated by the fact that all of Sherlock's efforts, all of these injuries and pain was for nothing.
And then, as if hit with the full meaning and implications of what he had said, Sherlock's hand rose towards his mouth, trying to take back the words.
"What? What are you talking about Harry?" John asked, peering at the paper.
His fingers hit the stop button and he relaxed fully into the wall behind him, feeling as though a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
“Um, not really. It’s Mary that listens to those kind. she was obsessing about this one song, said it was cute. It was- ah! No. that wasn’t it.” he scrunched up his eyebrows, trying to remember.
"Sherlock, rest now. I will check your temperature after a few hours." I am about to leave, when I hear you mutter something.
As John came into view, however, the detective set down the slide he'd been examining, as John accusingly held up the rehab envelope, visibly annoyed, and possibly angry. "What the hell sherlock?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock beside him squirmed a little with impatience and, though he would never admit it, was also somewhat uncomfortable.
No one tried to come out of the van, and John could hear Harry's voice shouting, "Let me go!" In a voice so full of panic that John's blood boiled, and seeing red he dashed towards the back door, yanking it open with such force that the resulting bang startled everyone, even Sherlock.
Also I've never written an action/fighting scene before, so please feel free to give any constructive criticism on it!
It was all quite innocent really, as they sat curled up watching crap telly-- well John watched crap telly while Sherlock was deep in thought about something--John’s arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, his hand resting at the nape of the detective’s neck.
"And yet you chose to let sentiment cloud your brain. Still not
John thought.
Both John and Sherlock exclaimed at the same time, and proceeded to give each other slightly offended looks at hearing it from the other's mouth.
Mycroft calls, again, and John and Sherlock make the first move into a blossoming friendship.
He could imagine Sherlock in a dark dump somewhere, high on drugs, a list loosely hanging from his fingertips.
Press that, a voice in his head said, and you'll never know the joy that he brought into your life.
How can you ever love me John, when you've already fallen for someone else to deeply?
"Thank you, mother."
“John, you can’t leave. This,” he pointed to the laptop screen where john had been writing his blog, “is what you do, John. This is what
The next day John woke up to a brighter room than he was used to, and a lot of noise that he wasn't used to, coming from the outside of the house. Even busy streets did not have this much commotion in the mornings. He checked a clock on the nightstand, it was ten past nine now. He'd slept longer than usual.
As John looked on at the detective who didn't quite meet his eyes, the answer came to him on its own.
"You're here nice and early. How did the thing with Harry go?"
So instead he took a minute to pause and think, and then hit on the phrase he wanted to use. "No, it's just, a bit not good."
John thought of that night, when looking up, Sherlock had pointed towards the sky, sandwiched between buildings, that was filled with stars. 'It's beautiful, isn't it?' He had asked. It was one of those rare moments when Sherlock gave hints about his young self, before he decided to 'abandon' feelings- John has often wondered what Sherlock was like as a kid, he wished he had been there to see him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you two together now?" One reporter shoved a mic into John's face.
Rosie was two, then, and had only begun speaking. It was a fun time, when John kept telling Rosie to call him "Papa", and try to get her call Sherlock anything from uncle to Sherlock. But for some reason, Rosie just wouldn't. Initially, they had tried getting Rosie to say "Mrs.Hudson" but then gave up on it. That day John had gone downstairs and asked Mrs Hudson, if she would do them the privilege of being Rosie's grandmother. She had, of course, accepted the offer, with tears in her eyes, and an affectionate yet tight embrace. It was thus that Rosie began to call her 'Gramma'.
It was a laughable idea, but given what he'd come here to do, it was the most he could do.
"That's good." Sherlock's hands were getting fidgety, and Mary looked at them, her expression softening and then said gently, "Hey there's no need to worry. It will be quite natural. Look--You know what, let's do one right now. John, scoot closer to him."
Of course, Vanshika has had a HUGE hand in my regular updates, and in having the story make overall sense. So lots Of love to you!!!!!
It was a lazy afternoon, when the domesticity was at its highest, and the living room of the flat emanated a soft aura, that a harsh crashing sound disrupted the peace.
"Um, yeah, it was good." John looked into Sherlock's eyes.
John had now abandoned whatever detached facade he had, and spoke with considerable emotion. "It doesn't matter who I am. As to why I care? Sherlock, because you are brilliant! Because you're a mad genius who can tell everything about me from one look, because you're the world's only consulting detective and you help Lestrade without wanting any credit or money.
John hadn't read the comments and kept putting it off, perhaps for this very reason.
And then Sherlock took a deep breath, and asked, "Do you, too? Sometimes?"
As he bounded up the stairs, giving Mrs Hudson a polite good morning, he heard Sherlock's voice call out to him, clearly under the assumption that nothing was wrong.
voice
He once again adjusted his glasses and cap, a disguise he hadn't removed simply because it felt wrong, somehow, that Sherlock should see his face properly, that he'd know that it was John here, despite the fact that Sherlock did not know who he was yet.
Also, I used his moustache like a mask that he puts on, like he did when he was with Mary.
He took in a deep breath, his knees folding up and his arms wrapped around them, his body exhausted, even scared, wanting protection and release from all the pressure.
As John scanned the room, he suddenly froze. No, not today, not after all this time. He tried to look away, but kept looking back at it.
"And now all this drinking. That's the kind of things i/those/i type of people get in." I want to cry. I hate hearing the utter disgust in her voice. I hate myself.
And sorry for the okayish Greg's speech.
There's a pause, and I close my eyes, waiting for you to say yes. Say that you see it, see what a mess I've become.
"How did my phone end up here?" John said with a confused look. He saw the expression on Sherlock's face turn slightly guilty, before the detective tried to deflect it by finding out who'd called John.
They breathe together, the one on the other, as if they were one, caught in the storm of what they're feeling, of unspoken words and years spent without touching, of fear and sorrow.
“Mmmmh...”
“If you tell me to stop, I'll stop.”
And then he sees him, and it must be a dream or something similar, but maybe it's just real: those blue eyes. His blue eyes.
The other one stays silent. Shakes a bit, wondering if he didn’t go too far in trying to help this strange prisoner, reduced to the shadow of the man he once was.
He will tell him, one day.
He closes his eyes, there's still time.
When he wakes up, someone is helping him to drink. Sherlock tries to focus on the unknown face in front of him. He's a boy, but Sherlock's reflexes are so slow that he can’t really say anything else.
Sherlock moves slowly his fingertips on the raised skin, his breath almost imperceptible.
And Sherlock moves, realising that John’s afraid of having done something wrong.
“Sssh, there's time, Sherlock. Rest.”
“There's something I should say, John.”
Then, he understands. Stupid John, stupid, slow, trusting John.
“I have to get out of here. I need to find him. I can't die again, do you understand?”
“Sherlock.” Silence.
When John reaches his crotch, Sherlock feels himself loosening up. He feels a huge heat all around him while the doctor goes along all his length, wrapping the top, tasting him and kissing his thighs and his flat stomach.
Because what could he possibly tell him now, now that this man is pushing himself hard and insistent inside his body, his strong hands on his thighs, forcing him to widen them, moans pouring on his back and a hollow ache when the man violates him, taking something that was not supposed to belong to him. But he does, regardless, and he opens him with violence, pushing hard, with arrogance, uncaring of Sherlock’s gasps, of his moans, of his pain. How could he tell John, now? He can't, he won't. If he ever gets out.
When later they come, they are more cruel than usual. They must have received some news from Mycroft, and he’s probably not giving in to the ransom. Sherlock smiles for a moment: he's taking time, he's searching for him. He's out there, somewhere. With John. John who's searching for him. John who's not leaving him.
“W-what...?”
“I could drown in it” he whispers, and John isn't sure of what he said but then their excitements meet and the words on his lips just fly away.
Mycroft told him he's going to be fine very soon, that the injuries are not so relevant, and he's just deadly tired, and Sherlock trusts him. For this kind of things, he trusts him.
“...am I not doing something bad to you? I don't like the things they do, most of them.”
John's lips on his skin: another thing Sherlock likes, even if he never understands entirely.
He will tell him, one day.
“You can do anything you want.”
But there's John with him, there are his blue eyes, there's safety and after all, Sherlock thinks he might be ready for anything.
“It's me, it's me, it's all alright.”
Sherlock realises how much he missed the man in front of him, who doesn't get closer because he's afraid of hurting him, again, but how could John possibly hurt him? John who, is the only reason if he's still alive. Sherlock feels so stupid, how could he react like this, and for something so natural?
“I'm not broken, John.”
“And are you?” John's voice is hard, Sherlock feels it even before hearing him, even before seeing him. And then he opens his eyes.
John looks shocked at Sherlock and he feels like he’s dying. He moves from him and gets dressed, quickly, as fast as he can, and he cowers on the floor, near the mattress. He would like to take Sherlock’s hands, but he doesn't dare touch. He would hold him but he can't, not now.
, John always says.
“Who are you?”
His legs are starting to feel dumb, ready to give up, and there’s blood flowing under his feet. He must have cut himself, but it doesn't matter.
When they come back it's evening -or later, Sherlock presumes it's evening-, he's not afraid. He doesn't care, he doesn't care anymore. He managed to find where he hides John's eyes, in that corner of his mind palace. He hides them because he didn’t want to lose them, he didn’t want to forget.
And the world becomes dark. And this time, it is alright.
engraved with blood on his friend’s skin. He sees Sherlock's lips trembling, while he feels so much anger inside that he wants to scream. Against Mycroft, against those bloody monsters, against anyone that ever hurt Sherlock during his entire life, because this is not fair.
But, for one time, it is fine.
He sees some lights in the distance, through the trees. He isn't sure about what he sees, actually, but he wants to believe in it.
“It's alright”, and it's so unusual to hear it from him that they both smile.
“John!” he screams, hoping they will hear him. He sees the lights moving, coming closer. The noise of a helicopter, somewhere.
“John...” he whispers.
John's voice seems to be the only thing that he can hold on to while they push him to the ground. They must have broken some ribs, even just the thought of breathing hurts as hell.
Sherlock sleeps a lot, barely talks, he listens to John who never leaves him alone. They're permanently back at Baker Street, now, as John keeps telling him this every time he feels lost. “We're home, it's alright, you're safe.” The very first days there was a female doctor there to stitch him. Sherlock remembered vaguely, he just distinctly noticed that John wasn’t the one taking care of his wounds. He doesn't want that John looks at him, not before he had the possibility to see his own body, see the damages with his own eyes, without having to imagine and draw deductions based on the pain he feels.
But isn't that how you're wired Sherlock? Whomever you meet is destined yo fall in love with you. It's inevitable. Like death, perhaps. Perhaps it's not you, it's us who is wired that way. Because you never loved me Sherlock. Not like that. Not the way I loved you. But that's okay, Sherlock. I understand. You love John. And I , Tom, I suppose. But did I tell you that one other thing?
As always, a HUGE THANKS TO Vanshika, who makes everything so much better!!!!!
It all made sense.
Distantly, Moustached John heard the whirring of an engine of a car, and the sound of a steel utensil falling to the floor in a flat above them, with it's characterstic 'clang'.
Lestrade tried to defend Sherlock, John decided to talk to Sherlock, and everything goes awry when John gets a phone call.
Sherlock sighed. “Fine then. a slow waltz should suffice. I will show you some extra steps to add a flair to the classic waltz. Does that suit you?” “Definitely. Thanks Sherlock, you’re a life saver.”
Aaaannd here's another one!!! Yes, I just recently read The Song Of Achilles, and I am in LOVE with it. So yeah, I had to put in some references.
And then a moan emitted from his phone. The people near him stopped for a moment, unable to figure out the source of the sound, and turned away again.
John hesitated,"I mean- y-yes-like a friend I suppose-- I'm not gay you know-I mean that I--"
"Of course you do. You understand everything John, but nothing at all." Sherlock was surprised at the extent of bitterness in his own voice.
It looked at him and shook its head, “There’s only so many times a boat can be repaired. If not the old wood, one of those patches will surely let water in.” Sherlock gulped, and took a deep breath. Surveying his.situation, he realized he had made no inappropriate gesture, and hadn't tried to make an advance on John. But he was almost sure John could read him emotions back there. Dilated pupils, hitched breath, pulse going crazy, and deepened voice. Could he have been any more obvious? He hoped John hadn’t read between the lines, and reassuring himself, looked into the mirror.
John fondly stroked Sherlock's face, the pads of his thumbs trying to memorize every sensation, every surface. Sherlock looked at John, marvelling the view - his luck, elated.
All of this was explained by Sherlock, with some parts supplied by both Lestrade and John, and many interjections and exclamations of praise from both of them.
"Yes," almost subconsciously, John slipped into his part of the concerned parent having 'the talk' with a thoroughly embarrassed son. "We do."
"Sherlock."
The statement was meant to comfort him, persuade himself to take up this one opportunity, but instead it hit him like a blow to the stomach.
"Key Incorrect, please enter again."
Five days later, John, carrying a small backpack, once again stood at the doorstep of Baker Street, at six in the evening. The sky was light now, but the darkness of the night was slowly creeping up from the edges.
John, waiting outside, was not sure what to make of the previous moment. For a minute he thought Sherlock was going to kiss him. then he realized that it was well- Sherlock. It was probably just him being weird. Even so, he could not help but think, what if Sherlock had closed the distance?
"Nothing, John. Just forget that I ever said it."
Mycroft was quick to reply,"Oh yes John. Didn't you know? Sherlock has returned very recently from Rehab , where he has been to multiple times, due to his addiction to drugs, primarily morphine and cocaine."
Some time later, you come in.
The drug was pumping through Sherlock's veins, and his cocaine-addled brain was shocked into silence at the mere thought of John leaving.
Then, as if at a mutual understanding, they leaned their heads forward in recognition, and went back to their own places. And perhaps they'd come closer to the mystery they had made themselves into.
'I wish I'd never met you.'
Then, with moisture prickling his eyes, he opened them, and brought his right wrist up, surveying the leather band.
Frustrated even more, Sherlock finally resorted to voicing his questions. "Why are you so different? The others, they are detached, impersonal, the way Mycroft's people always are, addressing me as 'Mr Holmes'. They never retaliate against my statements or plead for my welfare. You, however, you seem like you don't work for Mycroft and yet. Yet there's clear evidence to the contrary. Who are you? And why do you care?"
"You wouldn't be able to comprehend it John."
He cut the call and slightly massaged his temples, hoping she'd call soon.
And if you like the story, please leave kudos or comments. <333333
Thanks as always to Vanshika who edits these stories into comprehensible chapters!!
This time however, they couldn't bring themselves to laugh. Something about their whole demeanor had changed. John's hands felt sweaty as his fingers brushed Sherlock's cheek, his tongue paralyzed, his heart nearly bursting out of his rib cage.
It was just nine in the morning when John woke up, sunlight nastily falling right on his sleepy eyelids. He opened his eyes, slightly disoriented, and froze.
"Yes, she is." John smiled, and kissed Sherlock lightly.
He turned another light on, so that it was bright enough to be able to see things clearly, but dim enough to hide the intensity of emotions. He would not need an extra aid in determining the state of his brother's mind.
Anyways I thoroughly enjoyed putting John in one of the most frustrating situations ever: yOu have to make a decision, but someone else or some circumstance makes it for you, and you suddenly realize what you wanted all along. And the SHEER AMOUNT OF FRUSTRATION that follows.
Minutes later when Present John walked by, he was ready, and quickly saying farewell to Mike, a lot more elegant and friendly in its nature than the previous one, he rushed to follow his past self.
Like a man walking to his death sentence, John pushed his body up to stand, and then swaying on his feet, sat back down again.
went into making people like John Watson. Wondered what went inside the brain of John Watson.
He cleared his throat, not wanting to answer that question.
Sherlock struggled to free himself from John's grip, but abandoned it soon, knowing that it was useless. Instead, he stared firmly into John's eyes. How longer would the ruse work? How long until John would know the truth?
His eyebrows where scrunched up with worry, and John smiled between the tears because it looked endearing.
I suppose people never stop loving you. It's only the way they love you that changes.
Mycroft led him down many corridors and doors, so that John stopped keeping track of the way back, and left his safety in the hands of fate. Plus, he was pretty sure he could overpower Mycroft easily if he wanted to.
Also, the sex John and Sarah have was a sort of apology sex??? And yes, Sarah is acting a bit odd, I wonder why???
She was a fairly attractive woman with short blonde hair and a sleek tailored suit, with the kind of intelligence and spark in her eyes that felt very familiar to John, but he could not place
You lean in, but suddenly your eyes flit towards my left and your eyes widen. "Sherlock..." You whisper. And then you run. You Run like he's there. I look to where you seem to be heading. A tall man in a black coat is walking, his back towards us. His hair are a mop of black curls. And then, sensing someone is calling him, he stops and looks behind. I can see you stop abruptly. It's not him then. I can see you physically deflate. You really did think it was him.
It was a photo of someone's back, skin white as porcelain, covered in horribly grotesque scars made from what appeared to be a whip. They were raw, and the skin was a vulnerable pinkish red, purple at some edges. John recoiled with horror, because it was surely not- it couldn't have been-
“I wish I’d never met you”
Her anger subdued when she realised that John looked visibly confused, and handed him the envelope. It was a pamphlet of some really posh rehab by the name of "White River Manor", and a voucher of some sort, covering most of the charges to a 3 month stay.
He had the urge to laugh, and he looked up at Sherlock.
He realised too late that he had said that out loud and what it must have sounded like. The shattered look on Sherlock’s face confirmed John of his suspicions. He hadn’t meant it that way. But even then he said nothing.
And so John did.
And Sherlock was glad for it.
"But Mary--"
John looked at the worry lining her face, and affection bloomed in him, warm and sudden. Unexpectedly, he reached out and covered her frail hand in his, “No, its alright Mrs Hudson. Nothing’s wrong.”
"Wonderful, actually", John's voice sounded very joyous, and he looked back subconsciously to where Sherlock would be,even if he couldn't see him through the walls. "I am a very fortunate man indeeed."
"Go to hell!" Sherlock shouted and then resolutely cut the call, still frowning heavily.
"But you never saw it, did you? John 'not gay' Watson. You never saw it and you never will. Because you can never love me back!" The last sentence was loud, and yet his voice shook audibly, the resultant effect of which voiced only to clearly the depth and intensity of his emotions. Rosie sensed pain in her father's voice, and she held her hands out, in order to somehow comfort him.
Sherlock reluctantly complied, relaxing his shoulders. This time, when John slowly massaged his scalp, Sherlock was more controlled, and let out no further moans or yelps, though John had the impression that he was far too distracted to continue his intense intellectual exercise, whatever it was.
At the table, when Sherlock returned, a rose the colour of blood, passion, a deep red that was almost a black, and yet not quite that, lay, with a card attached to it.
A co-worker coming up to Mr Tilney in the middle of the night might have been suspicious, but a desperate son-in-law with some or the other pity-inducing excuse was not. After all, Mr Tilney only wanted his daughter to be happy.
"Uh,..." John muttered,
John did mechanically what he was told to do, his heart beating at a not-so-good rate, and his head rested on Sherlock's shoulders, and it felt unnatural to not feel the soft feminine torso he was so used to; and instead a hard, broad chest. He wasn't sure how to place his head onto it.
"But there are some more things to be kept in mind. Look, it's really hard to remember to always do certain things or do them on purpose-- you'll be exposed very easily. I suggest that you maintain some intimacy now-- y'know, the hand holding, sitting close to each other, cuddling, blah blah. All the gestures that a couple would do."
he hoped not.
John had been taken by surprise when Sherlock had grabbed him by the waist and dipped him. Had he not known Sherlock, he would have thought the action to be one done in the spur of emotions. But then, it was Sherlock he was talking about. The man with no heart. he had probably done this to catch John’s attention, thinking his mind to be diverted, he reassured himself. However, his quickening heartbeat did not seem satisfied.
Sherlock's eyes were rimmed with red from crying, and he looked tired; no, drained was the word, for it seemed as though a person has physically drained every ounce of will that he had.
John's features contorted in concern. "No Sherlock! You can't use again. I mean, Lestrade's given you a case, why do you need drugs for stimulation?" John's voice, though level in its own way, was somewhat disbelieving at its edges, as if what Sherlock had said defied some basic laws of the universe.
The button lay there in invitation and John pressed it.
"Sherlock? What are you thinking about? ” the question shook him from his unhappy thoughts, and he focused onto the situation at hand.
"Mycroft cannot tell me what to do. Besides, his minions are useless. I asked him to track down the man who was following us. He had the audacity to text me that I should not
John was caught by surprise. “Hah! Didn’t put you down for a, you, know,
Sherlock, using the height advantage, leapt out of the chair and kept it out of the smaller man's reach and continued reading, "'
Instead, he reached out to Rosie, murmuring that everything was okay and that he'd be back soon, left her amidst her toys the argument forgotten, took his coat, and stepped into the winter evening, the cold wind sharp as a slap in his face.
His face contorted into disgust. "Mycroft. Talk about the devil." He said to John accusingly, as if John was to blame for this.
He always was.
He hit a nerve there.
By this time both of them were comfortably into the rhythm, and save a fumble or two from John, they danced pretty well.
, John thought.
, as your name is now becoming publicly known. If you were to check your blog now there is a steady torrent of people commenting how
Sherlock stood up from the couch and faced John. They looked at each other, inching closer.
Molly caught herself staring at Sherlock in time, and looked away. She felt happier somehow. Better.
"And so today, I will be giving Sherlock a specimen, on how to not prepare a best man speech as if you're in love with the groom. " At this Sherlock reddened, and laughed embarrassed, and John looked at Shelrock with adoration in his eyes. Everyone who had been to the mentioned wedding couldn't have agreed more, and resounding laughter echoed in the room.
“Stop. Please stop Sherlock. I don’t want to—I can’t hear you make any more excuses. ”his voice was cracking.
"I tried, Mycroft. I tried so hard."
His voice was soft, unsure, as if asking if it was the correct answer.
Wellll the third chapter is up!!!!!
Feeling stupid, but complying nonetheless, John pressed the button.
The door suddenly cracks open, and there's a lot of light. I squint.
"Right." He muttered.
He looked at the 'Vortex Manipulator' as Mycroft had called it, strapped to his wrist and at the button that read 'Reset', a promise to take him to the future that awaited him, wherever it might be.
A savage thought had entered his brain, that Sherlock might now feel a fraction of the pain he had given John when he jumped off the roof and the wave of self hatred that followed engulfed John and rendered him mute.
'-- I did John, your wound
The boys at Baker Street and John's first night
"Ugh," Sherlock groaned, "is that all? If so, you can please disconnect."
. They were tracking down their spy's routine to see if there was a shift, and another person came to fill in his place, or when he left, to follow him and confirm he was one of Moriarty's.
"What I'm feeling right now." "Oh really? Try me."
As always, a HUGE THANKS TO Vanshika, who makes everything so much better. <3
embarrassing."
In reply, Sherlock cautiously put a hand on John's neck, and pulled him forward somewhat roughly, not because he didn't have enough experience, but that for all the experience, his mind had gone blank. The only coherent thought was a single word.
"The need hasn't arisen yet." Came the reply.
Yes John's limps returned .
Anyway, John and Sarah are slowly coming to terms with their sort of failed marriage. In a way, I believe that there was a chance they could have somehow salvaged their marriage, but with Sherlock there ,even that chance will be gone.
"What the hell, John?" She demanded, and John looked at the letter she was holding. "I told you that I was going to
John froze. Had Mrs Hudson seen anything? But her behaviour didn’t indicate that at all. He felt a blush creep to his neck, and cleared his throat, trying not to meet Sherlock’s eye.
Sherlock curiously abandoned his laptop-- for once it thankfully wasn't John's-- in the interest of trying to figure out just
He wasted no time in going upstairs, to the lab where Sherlock would be conducting an experiment, ultimately incriminating the brother with the green ladder.
.He repeated to himself, like the word was a spell that would make things easier to understand, easier to decide upon. He had made a choice when he called out to Mike Stamford. When he'd distracted Sherlock. When he'd said goodbye.
He put the kettle on, and took out the tea bags.
"Shut up for Christ's sake! I was really sleepy when I wrote that." John's neck and ears were red and he was furious at not being able to reach his phone.
Beside him, Sherlock suddenly froze, and John hastily retracted his hand, an apology on the tip of his tongue. Had he gone too far and invaded Sherlock’s personal space?
"She will follow my 'antics' if she wants herself and you to be safe from the venom of the press. Also," it seemed like Mycroft had something particularly nasty to say, John could feel the smugness emanating from his mobile phone, "both of you will have to share a bedroom for as long as this lasts."
She smiled back widely, this time genuinely, thinking,
He looked down, half in a daze, at the halo that his hair had made as the dim lights fell upon it, his hands clutching, desperate, at the taller man's robe.
starring in one.
"And I know, you're only doing this because you think it's kinder, but. It's not Sherlock. These people have often witnessed traumatic events very recently, and. Being harsh on them does not help at all.
John remembered mentioning that to Sherlock the previous night. He hadn't guessed Sherlock would make such extravagant gestures.
"Yes. The owner of the object inside requested this be the key, and the others," Mycroft's face showed open disappointment, as if the others had committed a serious breach of civility, "thought that it would be bit of a laugh'."
“Warrior of Love.”
Sherlock subconsciously thought about the day they had met, and smiled. He remembered many things about that day, especially when he had heard John say 'brilliant' for the first time. Even then he wasn't sure how long John would have stayed. He had known many that didn't stay long. But John had. Long enough for them to be dancing in each other's arms.
And with a decisive click he was gone.
He looked at Sherlock with such fierce emotion, that for a moment, the latter stood shocked. He had not expected John to love him back- and never so much.
Sherlock didn't reply, simply gazed into nothingness.
"I love you, Sherlock."
"Good morning, Sherlock." John said politely, joining him at the window. "What's causing all the fu--" He stopped mid sentence, as he got his answer without the detective having to say anything.
“Get into position, John.” John placed a hand on Sherlock’s waist, still fascinated on how slender and delicate it seemed placed in John’s hand, and placed the other in Sherlock’s hand. He looked up and was surprised to see the amount of softness in his eyes.
The detective was looking a little pale, well paler than usual, but he nodded at John.
"Oh. I'm sorry." I take your hand in mine in a comforting gesture. At first you pull back a little to withdraw your hand, but then seem to admit defeat and let it stay there. I hold it tighter, as if to say, I am there for you John. You smile at me gratefully, and then firmly withdrawing your hand, say, "Enough about me, let's talk about you." I laugh lightly, and smile at you. "Alright."
“Go away.” Sherlock told her angrily. But she did not leave.
For a moment, I freeze in my tracks.
The agent laughed on the other end, a pleasant, tinkling sound. John rather liked it.
Over time, a person using sleeping pills quickly develops an endurance for them, and so did Mr Tilney. He quickly recovered from the drowsy effects, and intercepted Jared in his attempt at destroying the documents. There was a scuffle, and in the panic of the moment, Jared McArthy plunged a knife into his father-in-law and became a murderer.
"It-it will be alright if you do not wish to accompany me in my investigations, as I understand you disapprove of my methods. You needn't go out of your way to help me, you're already doing enough." He'd evidently been worrying about the matter while John was away, and his brilliant, genius mind had jumped to a lot on conclusions in the interval.
You mutter something, which faintly sounds like, ‘Only for you’.
Almost involuntarily, John’s hands began to stroke the dark curls on the nape, and Sherlock, too distracted by his thoughts to pay attention to his own impulses, leaned into the touch.
You look, lighter. As if you have been freed, like a load was lifted off your back. You seem more carefree, not like someone who is sure of not getting hurt, but of someone who is brave enough to take the risk of getting hurt. You seem younger, and stronger than before. Sherlock Holmes has changed you for the better, then. He is a strange man, that fellow. But in a nice way. He has eyes that look like they can see though everything. But somehow, they're reassuring too, like your secret is safe with him. He smells like danger, and adventure. I can see why you like him.
Exasperated, Mycroft asked him, "What did you think, Sherlock, that John would be waiting for you when you came back, and you could pick up where you left off?" The last sentence had a touch of incredulity.
"That's your password?" John said a bit breathless from all the laughing.
"Hey does he top or do you?" Another shouted and that earned a grin from John, though he obviously didn't reply. Man, the things they said just to get them to turn around.
Chapter 10 is up!!!!!
Will I ever let go? No. I don't think so.
"I am sorry, John, forgi--"
"It's really not like that." John tried to laugh it off.
John walked-no- ran, down to the entrance, wanting to be the sole witness to the breakdown that seemed imminent.
John hadn't known he would care so much. Somehow, it made a tender feeling bloom in his chest about the lanky twat, and he found himself joining in and making rubbish but scathing deductions about them too.
Is it not a few days ago that I had first seen you Sherlock? So young and clever and bored. You had spewed something horrible about my husband. And then I smiled. I laughed and I ruffled your hair and asked you if you wanted a cuppa. You looked so surprised Sherlock, and it was then that I was sure that you needed a lot of love.
Do all that, and if Sherlock ever looked up from whatever he was doing to analyse his movements, John Watson would put up a breezy, casual look on his face, pretending his heart wasn't slipping further and further into something very dangerous.
John remembered all the praises he'd lavished at Sherlock the night before and wondered if this was what it had looked like to everyone else around them.
With a small smile, which wasn't entirely fake, she kept looking.
There are moments, that I will never stop loving. Like that Christmas, do you remember it? I always come back to it, Sherlock. Always.
In the bright light of the room, one thought plays in my mind.
Sherlock was sitting on his arm chair, with Rosie in his hands,.playing with her. He tickled her chin, and grinned as she giggled. John had kneeled near them both, and grabbing Sherlock's head, placed a kiss on his forehead. All of them were happy. They were a family.
It had been a silent afternoon, as each marinated in the awkwardness, dancing around each other in awkward circles, far from resuming the ‘Practice in Intimacy’ that they were supposed to.
They had never talked about it. The only explanation he'd gotten was that Sherlock had to dismantle Moriarty's network. His mind slightly reeled at all the implications this had, and he wished, once more, that they had talked more about---about
"Yes John. We have talked before. Mary Morstan, remember?"
As always, for the final time in this  fic, A HUGE THANK YOU HUGS AND KISSES TO VANSHIKA who is utterly amazing and has been the best beta ever, making this fic a hundred thousand times better, with her intelligence and amazingness.
Rosie, having sensed that the atmosphere had lightened, and that her parents were happy, gave a little cheer, and looked, mystified, at their closeness.
Their heads grew closer together, and John's heart was beating, quick and erratic, as he thought of how Mary's lips would taste.
Sherlock hummed, seeming more comfortable, and then, once again in synchronicity, they shifted to sleep on their backs, much more relaxed, and sleep seemed much easier.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I- I. John." Then lifting his hand to touch John's face, but withdrawing it, not Sure if he had the right to. At last, he said, "I do."
There was silence for a moment, and then John chuckled softly, and a small smile spread over Sherlock's features.
To be honest,he might have overdone the laughing, seeing as it was irritating Sherlock no end, obvious from the deathly glare directed at him. He eventually stopped, and placed a hand on Sherlock's waist, albeit a little awkwardly.
Mary looked at him without saying anything for a long moment. Then she smiled softly and said, "Good. That means you're still up for grabs."
It was a mostly empty room, and John couldn't quite make out what was so important that those security measures had been necessary. It was a grey walled room with only a round table in the middle of it, upon which rested what to John looked like a fancy leather wristband.
that you didn't want to sleep and were doing experiments. Why?" John really hoped the hurt hadn't been too evident in his voice.
He hadn't even kissed her, John reminded himself, why was he feeling so awkward?
"Please don't use, Sherlock. Try, at least, to let go of it." There was a pleading edge to his tone though he'd not surrendered the calm in his voice. He walked closer to Sherlock, only a few steps, to emphasize his point. There was now a distance of one feet separating them.
Getting up, she ran a hand over her partner's shoulders. "Kate, darling, we have an email invite to send."
"Indeed." Thank the gods, Mycroft seemed a bit calmer, though just as irritated, "I had not placed a full time surveillance on you because I thought you wouldn't be as
John was confused, because he could not find anything to say to her. Was it true? He questioned himself.
“Well then, sir, what must we do next?” John’s voice had the mock-sincerity of a pupil to his teacher.
Suddenly Sherlock was under water. A thousand feet below the surface, with not a sound, except of silence, and a calmness that enveloped him completely.
The Holmes brothers really did indulge in their own share of drama.
The John and Sherlock of the other universe bid goodbye to each other and the world, and the John and Sherlock of this universe say hello to a new future.
?" He said the last two words scathingly, his earlier disinterest falling apart, intending every bit of the wound he had just inflicted on John.
-----
"Oh shut up" you say it like you're disgusted with me, but I see your cheeks tinge pink.
, that John could take while they practiced.
The calm in his voice was all Sherlock needed to know that John knew. He glanced away and to the floor.He couldn't look into John's eyes, afraid to face the anger in them. But somehow, gathering some courage he looked up.What he found instead was
He regretted ever saying it, regretted not explaining what he'd meant, regretted, John realized, a lot of things.
“You know, on the wedding day, the bride and groom dance, right? And the thing is, I am rubbish at it. so I was wondering…” he left the sentence with a shrug.
"Oh, she doesn't. But this is probably to wish us a happily married life, and provably an invite to a session to teach me how to master action in bed."
And in that soft light, he saw John curled up against him, with a Rosie in his arms.
He packed away the chemicals and test tubes for later use, as John busied himself by sitting on his old chair, and looking around. nothing had changed. Of course it hadn’t. Why did he assume his departure was important enough to produce any change?
“Okay, now we have to move together, you comprehend? First to your left, then to your right. Yes. Like that. now, together, on the count of three, diagonally to your left, one feet at a time. “One, two three. Yes, you’re doing fine. Now, once again, a little towards the right, then diagonally to your left , then to your right, diagonally- ow!”
Do you remember Sherlock, when you said I was the one that mattered the most. That Moriarty had gotten it wrong. I was the one who had made it all possible. Your eyes looked so soft Sherlock, I thought you might have kissed me then and there, right on the lips. I would have let you Sherlock. Let you kiss me, just that once, maybe more than once if you would have wanted it. I loved you then. I still love you. I think I have always loved you.
ANNND ANOTHER ONEE
He removed his hand from john’s and placed it on his back instead, indicating john to do the same. As a result, they had to step closer, and Sherlock’s increased heart-rate didn’t aid him much, except make him worry that john would hear it. and then he would know everything. Then he would lose john. Something, that he could not bear to happen.
Yesss I added a lot of fluff because they were having a rough time before, and things are just gonna get better for like a chapter more!!!
Apparently, it was the son-in-law who was the perpetrator . A search through the victim’s flat had produced some documents which looked like pieces of evidence to Mr. Tilney’s son-in-law’s gambling addiction.
"Yeah," he laughed awkwardly, still not meeting Sherlock's gaze, "it's a bit much."
She listened with great pleasure, as she always did with the cases, to their story, and whatever awkwardness of the morning was left, for the moment, had eased away.
His eyes were still closed, a faint pink tinging his cheekbones and ears, lips parted-- beautiful as always, like all things unearthly and divine. John clenched his other hand, curbing the bizarre urge to kiss the man again. Of course, this was just a normal reaction to kissing someone, he wasn’t gay or anything. After all, he’d kissed so many women, and this was the only man he’d kissed. What about Adam? echoed in his mind, and with a shake of his head he sent it away.
He sighed. "Will I never hear the end of this? God this is
His laughter was contained at first, but then he burst into a fit of giggles, marvelling at the ridiculousness of the situation.
"Are you aware of how long this has been going on? Or are you blissfully ignorant of the fact that my brother has been taking plentiful of drugs since the past
(See the end of the chapter for
And then, in response to John's look of bewilderment, added, "Even if I was alive."
-----
that he wasn't getting proper rest, and
Besides how could that one tiny detail matter? He thought.
.' thank you John, I didn't know you found me so 'charming'." Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock interlocked their fingers, and tried to calm down his firing neurons. Holding their hands up, he stood a little straighter, as did John, and they both stood a little uncomfortably, not used to this position or proximity.
"Show me your hands.” John spoke quietly.
Scrolling through them, he found one by Harry.
Really, I was tempted to name the chapter: The One Where Sherlock Sniffs John's Underwear.
John couldn’t help it. He let out a giggle at this, and Sherlock looked up at him with a blush creeping from the collar of his shirt, and face looking very embarrassed and slightly confused.
For Sherlock, it would be a memory preserved inside a CD of the song in a drawer in his mind palace, in the wing that was John’s. Where one could find everything about him, from the feel of his ridiculous jumpers, to the different colours his hair turned to in bright sunlight (light golden strands that seemed to be emitting a light of their own), the dimmer afternoon sunlight ( a brownish golden), and the darkness of the night( an ocher). There was, of course, another colour, labelled ‘the colour on that day.’ (the most beautiful golden he had ever seen).
John mentally berated himself. No, he wouldn't go that way. Sherlock was none of these things.
" 'S nothing. Yeah, just some orange juice." This only shows how drunk I am.
"I left you? I struggled for two years John! Dismantling Moriary's network, making sure that there were no loose ends. All so that you wouldn't be shot by Moriarty's men. I did it for you, John. It's always been for you John." His voice had a shiver to it, and he seemed to no longer be talking to John.
Sherlock looked up sharply at him at this, as if analysing him, and John stammered a little, "by, er, help I mean- I mean that y'know I'll tell you when you aren't being a 'bit not good'. And then you can work on that, yeah?"
He had to believe that Rosie would be safe and that she would exist. Because she had to. There were only two people that John truly loved in his whole world and he couldn't bear to lose both of them.
Sherlock was about to tell John just how wrong he was when John's phone, which he'd absentmindedly left on the table last night-- no, John was quite sure he had kept it in his pocket-- rang.
John himself was leaning against the kitchen counter, and Sherlock with his arms around John's waist and face merely inches above his own. Had John ever mentioned the sheer amount of colours in Sherlock's irises?
"Remembering me on your wedding day, John? Don't you know, never invite an ex." She smiled mischievously.
On gaining realisation of what he was doing, John stopped, for a split second, and was about to remove his hand, when the sly, smug voice in his head whispered,
It of course, caught John's attention immediately. "The Woman again? I didn't know she still texted you."
At this Mycroft sneered at his younger brother, and looked away. They stood for a few moments in silence.
Hi I hope you like the chapter!!!!
." Mycroft's tone was irritated and short tempered, and surprised John thoroughly. "I really did not think, Doctor Watson, that
John was almost wary of touching him, for the fear that the illusion would break.
*******
"You saved my life!" Sherlock had exclaimed to Moustached John, and now he explains how. This leaves the other John wondering if he is making the right decisions.
It was 5 in the evening before there was any sound in Baker Street. Sherlock’s phone rang. There was a call from Lestrade.
, very bad image-- but he had at least expected some remark, some nervousness to indicate that a mistake
Now, however, he could indulge in them. Perhaps not as far as outright pulling him into his arms, but there were many, er
John checked his phone one last time as he had done many times during the day.
"Hmm?"
"Here," Sherlock said gruffly, handing him the newspaper, "nothing we hadn't already anticipated."
"If word gets out that you are sleeping in separate bedrooms-- the media will be printing 'Trouble In Paradise?' before we can ever start, and it will be a huge blow to us. We need to get through this as quickly as possible and a scandal will not help anyone." Mycroft seemed satisfied by this explanation, and indeed even Sherlock had nothing to criticize except a few grumpy mumbles.
John wanted to.say no, that he didn't understand anything, except that Mycroft had lost his mind and that John should leave. But he didn't, and kept his mouth shut.
That day they both would remember till the very end.
"Shit." He cursed. He couldn't just walk inside and yet he wanted to be near his home, their home, as his knees threatened to give away.
Inside the heart of John Watson.
Another one is up the next one soon to follow! Please give kudos or comment if you like the fic!
John's mouth was dry as he managed to choke out a "Yeah I'm fine."
His expression was calm, content-- a stark contrast from the chaotic frenzy that he was so often in. John liked the look a lot. Liked seeing all these different aspects of the man who seemed so ethereally untouchable and aloof most of the time. Not that John didn't like that smartass side of him that spewed deductions and clever insults faster than one could comprehend them. Maybe he liked all the different angles of Sherlock Holmes.
“Do sit down. I will be with you in a moment.”
"John!" Mrs Hudson exclaimed as she saw him, "You look very handsome."
“John—“ he tried, but no words came out. He didn’t have any explanation.
Of course, if a certain detective and a certain army doctor played a kiss a few times in their heads over the period of the next few weeks, no one was the wiser, and there was nothing to rebuke.
He had been so alone. And then, like a miracle, John Watson had entered his life. He owed john so much. Too much. He had to convince John to stay. He had always believed that it was the danger that the work provided that kept John here in Baker Street. And so he made his plea.
Shoutout to Vanshika for her patience and her amazing beta skills, and to y'all for reading this story!!!
Mrs Hudson smiled fondly at him, and it momentarily filled her with a warmth and pride like that of a mother’s. he had always been the son she never had, but always wanted. A memory came to her mind, and she could not help but smile wider as she recollected it.
Mary chuckled, drawing John away from his thoughts. "You're a loyal man indeed, John." This time, there was a sting to her words.
On the other side of the room, unaware to John, between the chattering crowds, stood a lady in a black dress.
"Now, as I was saying," Mycroft continued, like he hadn't just threatened John, "a few guidelines. Don't attract too much attention, don't talk to too many people. Here is some money dated 2010, a cap and glasses for a disguise," Mycroft handed John a wallet, presumably full with cash, and a blue plain cap and dark sunglasses.
When John only cleared his throat, his discomfort evident in his eyes and their skittering gaze, Sherlock stood up, a bit more at his guard as John began to unfold in front of him.
-------
Then, when the timer started, John found out that he didn't know what to say.
John wanted to vomit at the thought of it.
There was a momentary silence in which the three stood for a while: Mary smug, John scandalised, and Sherlock, well, unable to process.
He stepped back, unsteady, looking at Mary in shock.
Press that and you wouldn't remember how much you loved him.
My boys are doing famously, those idiots. And John did try to hide his confession, but was he successful?
"You care. You really do care, not just as Mycroft's employee, you have a personal interest in my welfare. Why?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John stood in front of Sherlock, a slightly comical expression on his face.
As Rosie looked on at him silently, with a toothless smile that said that she knew what was in his mind, he said to himself, albeit not without some fear: He wanted to marry John Watson.
Mycroft's gaze was as steady as his voice, betraying no emotion, except a detached disappointment.
"Need to know what, John? How I have made a fool of myself?" Sherlock said bitterly. He hated, in that moment, every feeling of affection he had ever felt for John. How could he have ever thought John would reciprocate his ridiculous sentiments? He was afraid that John would unravel them, and then look at him in disgust as he picked up Rosie and walked away; out of the room, and out of his life. He couldn't lose John, not again.
“we’ll take a break”, he said awkwardly, “And then practice once with the music.” He hurriedly went to his own bedroom, leaving John standing there.
"No, Sherlock," John's voice was restless and gruff. "I will not leave it. Goddman it Sherlock! I will not leave it. Sometimes, people care about other people, you know? And they want to know what happened to their loved ones when anything is wrong." It Was meant to be a statement, but came out as a shout.
John was taken aback by the bitter misery in Sherlock's eyes. But before anything else, John looked at Sherlock for signs of drugs. Sherlock had promised that he wouldn't use anymore. For John. For Rosie. He felt extremely relieved at not finding any, but was still startled by the helplessness and melancholy in Sherlock's eyes. He could think of no reason for it, but it diminished his anger a little, and he asked gently, "Are you okay? Look, I already told you that you can be Rosie's father too, if you want. And it's okay if you don't want to. I understand that--"
“Of course, what favour?”
Then, John stroked Sherlock's hair softly as he laid his head onto the headrest of the couch, and let sleep lull him into safety.
Of course, John did not make the mistake of staring back into the detective's eyes. He had once before, foolishly, found himself staring into those blue-- no green, a bit of golden maybe? Those indescribable coloured-- eyes, and had found himself wondering what it would be like to look at them up close.
But then, he stopped, withdrawing his hand from the doorknob, perhaps due to the fact that he could read his brother's mind so well. He turned around, and saw a flicker of hope on Sherlock's face: that his wish had been heard.
Perhaps because it was that they'd already done it once, or that the shock had passed, or that there was a part of them eager to do it once more-- things went more smoothly than before.
I flinch at the reference to my homosexuality.
to their love interest.
But in these moments, he was safe. Safe from the dangers of this world, of his future, the demons of his past—all seemed to dissipate. Perhaps they would never speak of this moment, but for now- all was well. Even so, john kept his sewn shut, for a childish thought had seized him—what if he opened his eyes, only to know it was a dream, or to know this moment was over? And so, once again, he refused to see; afraid he would see what he feared. Is it a tragedy then, that before his eyes stood all that he ever wanted?
His eyes flitted to Sherlock's hair, dark brown curls, and he remembered them matted with blood, his porcelain skin tarnished with the dark red. He knew it wasn't real, but the image haunted him all the same.
and that he was doing the
Sherlock looked up. Tears stained his face, and his eyebrows scrunched up to show his confusion.
"Do you think you can stop?" His question was clear.
He walked to the outside of the hall, all the while wondering how he had become so lucky? Lucky enough to be able to look into the beautiful eyes of Sherlock Holmes, and see the love that he held for him reflected back. Lucky enough to meet a man who could read his mind and heart. A man with whom he'd gone through hell, a man who'd shown him heaven.
The man on the other end spoke some more, and she hummed, a smirk forming on her features. "Of course, why not. This will be fun."
There was a certain smugness on Sherlock's face, in light of all his victories over Mycroft. He didn't spare a second glance at John, as if he was merely an object that was transmitting the message to Mycroft, directing his rage not at John, but beyond him, to where Mycroft lay listening.
Mycroft tutted a little at his idiocy as if John should have known what it was, and repeated, "A Vor-tex manipulator"he said slowly, emphasising each syllable."I have, after many efforts, been able to borrow this from a friend."
John pretended not to hear, "No speaker then." And picked up the call.
John thought , annoyed,
Far in front of her stood Sherlock and John, both of whom where grinning madly, and as their eyes alternated between resting on Rosie and each other, everyone could see two things quite clearly: one, that they were immensely proud of their daughter, and two, that they were deeply, passionately in love with each other. As Rosie finished her detour, she was met with hugs from both her parent.
He imagined them standing, him bent forward, inching closer, her lips pliant-- suddenly the image in his head morphed into something else. Mary's lips were replaced by firm, yet soft lips. Placing a brief kiss on his own. Tasting like tea leaves and mint and sugar.
Yes, he hadn't expected Sherlock to be begging on his knees saying sorry-- no, a
They were arguing.
, John thought and remembered just how long it had been since they'd last talked besides empty 'How are you's and 'Fines'.
For now, there was the fake romance he had to play a part in, there was fooling the rest of the world, there was the fulfilling of the greatest prophecy of all time.
In Sherlock's mind, he was back to when he was little, and Mycroft stood tall in front of him, looking down at him with obvious disgust.
Once again, they faced each other, and instinctively John brought up his hand to cup Sherlock's face, at the same time Sherlock leant towards him with a jerk, both surprising the other, so that they let out a soft chuckle.
Sherlock sometimes made deductions about the people who'd left the comments, and was surprisingly venemous towards the inevitable Anti-LGBTQ ones.
"Dada, dada ."  She appealed, her arms outstretched.
The agent walked in with a smile and a mischievous glint in her eyes, raising an eyebrow in acknowledgment to John looking at her. "Hello boys."
Then, "Where is the List."
Sherlock would never come to bed, insisting that he didn't need sleep, and that John could sleep on his bed for the time being. He stayed up all night, John thought, doing this experiment, or solving some case, just by reading about it from Lestrade's texts.
"Oh, the one with the 'W'? A lady, your relative, she said, the one who recently became a widow? That's what she told me to tell you. That you'd remember who she was. A bit odd, if you ask me, telling me to say that to you. Anyway, she looked very happy that we had finally gotten married."
Trying his best to sound mature and serious, John cleared his throat and nodded, “They do Sherlock.”
"Hold on, I'll put you on speaker."Sherlock made a face to protest, not wanting to hear his brother's voice so early in the morning, though it was
“Sherlock.”
And thus began their study in intimacy.
And yet John Watson, among his many qualities, was a man who could be relied upon in times of stress. He was calm, reassuring to those patients whom he treated and dangerous to those who threatened to harm.
Yes they had known that this was coming, it had to sooner or later, but they never thought it would come in such a fashion, and so directly and headfirst, that they couldn't skirt around it a bit, as was the British thing to do.
Then, once he saw the accident occur in front of him. Satisfied, he waved a taxi and went to St Bart's.
Picking up the lighter, he saw the flame come to life, and admired it for a few moments. Perhaps he could see beauty in things after all.
He expected some wry, cutting remark from the older Holmes. Not what he replied with.
Naked.
John says something, and you reply. I feel a little light Sherlock, like I'm floating. Is it because you kissed me, Sherlock? But then I look down and see that I have a glass of wine in my hand. Is it the drink? I don't really know, but I take a huge gulp of it. It's bitter , but it leaves me more lightheaded, and I look at you.
John was surprised at the smile that the idea left on his face, and the warm feeling that seemed to radiate from him.
“I—I thought that you had –stopped.”
"Okay, so, um," Greg smiled at John and Sherlock, "first off, congrats on your wedding." Some people smiled at this, and the tension in the room slowly diffused.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, answer me!" John demanded.
All he could see was John and Rosie in his arms, and him with John and Rosie. And the three of them, for what they were. A family.
Rosie smiled at the memory. It was a happy memory, and she loved it. She loved her dads. They loved her a lot too.
"Thank you, mother."
Another chapter up, five and six coming very soon (in like a few days!)
"Both of you, stop talking!" Mycroft thundered, his patience wearing thin. Both John and Sherlock immediately stopped their bickering, "now that you have made this mistake, we must turn it to our advantage. John," there was a pause, "you will write a blog post every five days, about your life with Sherlock."
What they feared, was the possibility of the other apologizing to them. Even so, it would have been an acknowledgement- acceptance of the fact that it had occurred. But it would be brushing it off, as though what had happened was a mistake- what had happened was far from being a mistake, both knew- and they wouldn’t bear it to be so. Sherlock, in his newly found state, was blank, and stood looking at John stupidly- if the word could ever have been used as an attribute for him.
When Sherlock spoke, though, John's quickening heart-pace stopped for a second, and then resumed beating wildly. His voice had seemed low, husky even, and John found he liked it more than he should have. But as Sherlock said the last sentence, John stopped.
"Sherlock."
But somehow, before he broke down completely, he pulled himself together, reminding himself that what had happened had happened and that he couldn't do anything to change it.
"Mycroft, I tried to tell him," Sherlock's voice was a little unsteady, "When I said my best man's speech. I tried to tell him. But he couldn't listen."
The sinking feeling that he'd done something wrong wouldn't evade him no matter how much he tried to rationalise it away.
Sherlock was using again, was distressed, pained, and John hadn't known. He didn't know how long this was happening, or what had caused it to start.
They chatted for some time, and suddenly Mrs Hudson recollected the mantlepiece Mary had bought. “I had no idea why she bought it, but really, it was ever so nice of her!” She exclaimed, “I asked her to stay for a cup of tea of course, but she was just in such a hurry, and then you came down, John.”
I knew it on the day we had our first date. It seems like a lifetime ago, probably because it is. Back then, when you were still grieving over Sherlock.
And I am thankful for that.
John stood still, breathing out shakily. He closed his eyes as if in pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Actually, you know, with the wedding going on, you being best man and all that, there is a small favour that I wanted to ask.” His hand reached out to rub his neck, showing embarrassment.
"She's my sister too," You continue. "We cannot just abandon her like that. And it's not her fault that she's like that."
And yet, a voice in his head said, you and Sherlock met each other even when there was no Mike, even when you tried to prevent it.
The car sped off, and John didn't even bother to see where, knowing it was another secluded basement or parking lot.
John however, was a little disappointed with the quick change of position. He had enjoyed, not that he would admit it even to himself, the warmth that their embrace had brought, and the protective stature of the detective as he held him.
(See the end of the chapter for
And another chapter is here!!!!
She interrupted him, "No John, I never meant that you didn't love me. You did. You were faithful to me that way, if not in the others," she spoke with full awareness of the sting in her statement. In this one, John deserved it, " You still love me. That is why I am here today. But the greatest tragedy remains John, that you always loved him a little more."
. Was the idea of sleeping next to John so bad that he had to lie and sleep uncomfortably in a fucking chair?
"Mycroft, what are you talking about? The Doctor? Doctor who? You can't possibly be serious about
It was a large imposing room, built underground, with light pouring in from square holes, and a large portrait of Queen Elizabeth II behind Mycroft's desk. John wasn't sure he liked the feel of it. It made you feel- captive.
Aaaand chapter 8!!!
Taking the phone out from his pocket, Mycroft dialed Sherlock's number. He let the phone ring five times, then cut the call.
There was a tinge of hurt, jealously in it.
*****
Sherlock consented, and trustingly laid down, stretching his long limbs over the couch, the end of his feet dangling off it. He placed his head onto John’s lap, and the latter found out very gratefully that his fears of having an untimely boner were completely unfounded.
"Round two?!"
Eventually he fell asleep, exhausted, on the carpet.
He looks so peaceful, Sherlock thought.
After the conversation with Mrs Hudson, John tells Sherlock and Moustached John about his decision.
“Any time. Okay then, let us begin. Now John, we’ll first practice without music, then with. Even by your intelligence we should be fine in a few attempts.” He stood up, and moved the chairs out of the way, and made enough space for them to waltz, provided that they didn’t move around very much. John, who was only too familiar with the insults that Sherlock made in passing, brushed off the attack on ‘his intelligence’ easily.
"Nice talking John, remember to write your blog. Bye!"
The purpose of the fic was for John to realise how important he is to Sherlock, and for John to start forgiving himself and Sherlock for all the hurt they've caused each other.
He read the text, which looked  a little obscure, but couldn't have been simpler.
He studied the earnest face and the uncertain eyes, and wondered just
Mycroft just smiled. "John, I am very serious about all of it. Now, please maintain silence or I will, quite unwillingly, call upon a few guards to help you do as I say."
"Agent? Yeah the one on duty came by a half an hour ago."
"At 4:25 pm today I got an alert from my men that
“Yes, John.” Sherlock beamed, as proud as John was. “Good work.” The detective’s smile was contagious, and soon John was grinning too. Thumbing through the report, Sherlock continued.
"Saved your life? How did I do that?" He asked, raising his eyebrows.
John grinned widely, one happy thought breaking through all else: Sherlock was looking at him.
would succumb to ridiculous impulses and take actions-- without consulting me-- that may blow our cover. Please tell me,
"No, no,no, Sherlock," John's voice was a breathy whisper, "What did you mean,  when you said 'never love me back'?"
For John, the nightmares came. He would wake up in the middle of the night, in cold sweat, shaking, disoriented. And then, like magic, music would float in from the living room, calm, tranquilizing notes from the violin that soothed him and helped him go back to sleep.
"I think we've already begun!"
(See the end of the chapter for
He opened his eyes, and started to move forward, now that multiple elbows had pushed into him to brush past him, when he found a long black car standing next to him, it's door open in invitation.
Beside him Sherlock had gotten up from his experiment table and was now eyeing the woman,
Years of living with Sherlock and their lack of personal space had made touching him - nothing sexual, just small touches to affirm their support or agreement- an instinct and knowing Sherlock took comfort in them made it a habit.
But there were signs of withering.
John and Sherlock meet again. This time, at Angelos, and simultaneously do a stakeout to catch a criminal.
I posted it one day earlier than usual to compensate for the delay the last time.
And John did seem content. Content as if there were no problems in the world, as if he had everything he could ever wish for. Content like this was the only place he belonged. In Sherlock's arms.
Anyways, please leave kudos and comments if you liked the chapter.
"It's- sherlock, Harry. I'm sorry."
Then, unable to hold it in any longer, they simultaneously turned around to face each other, and froze when they found the other staring into their eyes.
(https://archiveofourown.org/users/Vanshikakumar/pseuds/Vanshikakumar)
At this both John and Sherlock looked at each other instinctively, and then looked away just as quickly at being caught, as Mary continued.
But that of course, didn't matter.
"I told you to stay away from emotions, didn't I?"
"Shut up you git." John said, smiling, and so Sherlock smiled back too, playfully dodging John's attempt to swat him.
And yeah, can Mrs Hudson do John and good ? Who knows...
For John, it would be a guilty bliss, for he remembered the moment often, but not always at appropriate times. For isn’t it a crime to think of someone- the way they held you- when you lay in another’s arms?
Sherlock's hand stopped fumbling with the papers abruptly,"I, er--" Sherlock stuttered.
Sherlock grumbled some more, his foot tapping impatiently as he recalled the text message, "
he said,
"But alas, Sherlock, I was proven wrong, by none other than my very own brother."
"Follow? But didn't your brother specifically ask us to stay indoors?" John had asked, as ever the voice of reason, and Sherlock had huffed in a manner that made John sure he'd acted just like this when he was seven, complaining about Mycroft.
John was sure Mycroft had gone mental.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Us. Us.
Sherlock looked years younger, his mouth slightly open and relaxed unlike the tightness with which he carried it when awake.
Mary looked at John, and how he stood, fidgeting, and laughed, placing her hand on his shoulder, "It's okay, John. It was going to happen sooner or later, anyway. One way or another."
"But Mycroft, do you think he'll be-- I mean if i --"
And for a moment, he was back to when Sherlock was six, and him 14, comforting his younger brother over the loss of a friend.
But often that memory felt like a sanctuary. A recollection of absolute safety; a haven in times of need. He knew that day, that he left the flat with no regret- he could not bring himself to feel anything but happiness. He never thought much about it, afraid that he would realize what he had felt- that nameless emotion- in the detective’s arms that afternoon. Afraid of his own feelings- of everything they were, and everything they could be. And so it was a memory meant to only be felt, in times when one is in the bliss of solitude- like the song that you only played when no one was about- not because you were ashamed of liking it, but because you wanted to keep it all to yourself. It was selfish, yes, but then isn’t every kind of love?
Finally, they reached a room, and after a retinal scan, a voice issued from the panel next to the door, "Enter voice key."
Mycroft just looked amusedly at him, reading his mind as usual and saying, "No John. I most assuredly haven't gone insane. Now, if you will, please follow me."
"Yes." John said, smiling just a little, his entire expression soldered back to calmness.
“Very well,” Sherlock huffed, looking for the song, and on finding it, set the phone on the table.
Mr Tilney seemed to have been collecting them since the past few years, perhaps threatening to show them to his daughter if the gambling did not stop.
Except at the end, he'd used Sherlock's name, but John couldn't bring himself to change that.
Sherlock and John watched quietly as the Sherlock holding Rosie disappeared behind the door with the child, and then reluctantly turned to each other. They weren't ready for this. For being wiped out of existence. Not yet.
Mycroft's voice was a tired sigh, all his efforts over the years gone in vain.
"Oh."
"So long, Sherlock. Too long."
Didn't really matter, John thought, and flashed his most winning smile. "Hey. Mycroft sent you?"
Mycroft sighed, giving up, his face still full of sourness, and said, clearly,"Wibbly-Wobbly Timey-Wimey."
The hostility that had been evident in Sherlock's features lessened, and so, an encouraged John continued.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once again, it occurred to him that once all of this was over he'd be alone again; but it was too far into the future to not wave away for now.
"Right then, we'll both be sleeping on that bed from now onwards. And you'll be doing that every night whether or not you want to sleep." John surprised himself, truly. His voice was even, firm, like he was Captain John Watson again ordering his soldier.
Sherlock closed the door of his room behind him, and leaned on it, sweating. “Sherlock, you have been naughty.” A sultry voice accompanied with trailing fingers on his face said. Irene stood in front of him, stark naked, like she always was.
After five long seconds, they drew back from each other, softer than before. Slowly, John opened his eyes, noticing they hadn't moved much further apart, drinking in how Sherlock looked up close after being kissed.
John, shocked out of his mental ramblings, incredulously said, "
Something that was a delicious temptation named Sherlock Holmes.
“John,” Mrs Hudson said softly, immediately sensing something wrong, “Is everything okay between you two? Was it something I said?”
"Yes, um, I suppose." He laughed awkwardly in reply, unsure of what to say next.
And then, once he had read the shock on Mycroft's face, and the little tinge of disapproval, he turned once again, to the windows, and resumed playing.
Sherlock and John go on the date,  have a quick detour and just pine after each other the whole time.
The next morning, Sherlock looked up at him with some caution as John exited the bedroom,
I am surprised. You've never stood up for me before. A wave of gratitude rushes through me.
"Very well. " Mycroft paused. He straightened up a bit. "I see that you and my brother have been having... arguments very frequently these days. I'm disappointed to know that you didn't find out about his activities sooner."
"Do we need to have this conversation?" Sherlock's voice was bored, deliberately so, like a rebellious teenager not wanting a telling off from his parents.
It will all be fine, John thought, I have enough money to temporarily stay somewhere, and then I can continue at the clinic and--
"I know, Harry. I know you will."
"Else," his voice was grave, like a judge declaring a death sentence, "If you love him enough, Sherlock, ensure that he and Mary lead a happily married life. It is the greatest, and perhaps, the last chance to express your love for him."
(See the end of the chapter for
name seems familiar. You are John Watson, partner in crime of the famous, or rather, now infamous Sherlock Holmes.
"John?"
"Yes. Moriarty threatened him to kill you-and two others-- but primarily you. And to save your life, my brother jumped off the roof of St Bart's, and consequently worked for two years to dismantle what he thought is all of Moriarty's network."
John, who had taken this time of silence to decide what he would say next, smiled gently, and said, "Thanks Sherlock, for the dance. And. Everything."
John took a deep breath and looked at his shoes. Mycroft probably knew already and was just wanting to confirm it. He let out the breath he was holding and said,"Yes. I- I do." his  voice was quiet.
His eyes looked so broken, Mycroft thought, and anger seared in his chest, and for a moment he contemplated physical harm to John Watson. He knew better, though, and distancing himself from Sherlock, prepared to leave.
bedroom now, and asked in a quiet voice that John could pretend he hadn't heard if he didn't want to answer. "You have nightmares, about Afghanistan?"
She had explained to John the points he was to write on, about how they were "getting to know each other" for these seven days, and how he had to say sweet things about Sherlock.
"John?" I slurr.
And as always, if you like the story, please leave a comment, kudos or concrit!
Scared though he was, Sherlock kept his eyes wide open: for he didn’t want to blink—lots of things can happen in the blink of an eye. It was idiotic yes; sentimental, but he couldn’t care less. All he did care about was John. Now. His face, marked with lines of hardship, worry; the last few years, Sherlock noted with a slight dismay—had taken a toll on him. but all these lines, for now, were softened—with an expression Sherlock could not point put exactly—but it was surely an expression of calm, bliss. He had never seen it before.
"We'll have to stay in for one whole week?" It was more of a remark than a question from John's side. He'd only just met Sherlock, and he didn't know if the two of them would survive cooped up like that.
I try to hide my bottle, but in vain. I am too drunk, the glass of the bottle clinks as it touches the floor.
"Hey listen. I am going to kick the bottle, alright?"
And thus John had irritatedly asked and Sherlock had behaved even more ignorant and then John was shouting.
John, Sherlock, and John visit the drug den, find out more about each other's lives, and get into trouble.
John waved away the thought, recognising it to be idiotic. His imagination was running wild, and he had to check it. He was startled out of his thoughts, as Sherlock suddenly dropped him, almost like he had been singed, and John would have fallen- except his army training kicked in. regaining his stance, he looked at Sherlock, who seemed horrified at what he had done.
(See the end of the chapter for
John's words seemed to provoke the feelings that Sherlock had tried his best to bury, "Sure, John. How convenient for you to understand things and play dumb as you please."
This time however, I have to thank my newly found beta Vanshikakumar for making my work so much more easier with her help and awesome suggestions!!!!! You can find her on the link below >>>
But sentiment is a mistake; for Sherlock did see, but not observe. And even if he did, he would not speak. What if he were wrong? what if everything he had with John would be gone forever, just because of a few words?
I smile widely and reply, "You are always welcome, Sherlock."
Then, they were both laughing, giggling. Mary made a few annoyed remarks, and then they did attempt to calm down, but some brief eye contact set them off once again. It was some time before they could be anywhere near serious.
And yes I copy pasted the deductions from the show, simply because I feel he would have said them the EXACT same way???
At this Sherlock took a step back. John's arms fell limply to his sides, and Sherlock said. "John, I--I. I am going out." His voice was apologetic and urgent. Grabbing his coat and scarf, he dashed out of the flat. Rosie began crying. Trying to pacify her, John rocked her back and forth, thinking about what had just happened. Through all of this, he had not properly registered what had happened. All be knew was that when Rosie had called Sherlock dada, a warm glow had spread all over John's body. John wondered what it would be like if Sherlock became Rosie's dad. What would they be then, a family? A vision swam into John's head.
Besides, he wasn't actually with Sherlock, there wasn't any obligation he had to the detective.
"Did you write up the post? I want to read it."
The effect on Sherlock was utterly unexpected and instantaneous.
Grumbling, they stood in front of each other, calmer this time, though not happy with the second trial. John took a deep breath.
Instead, when John walked out of the bedroom into the living room, he found Sherlock curled up on his chair, fast asleep. He was lying in what seemed
"Hey," your voice is cautious. "I told mum and dad, okay? They'll understand, Harry. We're family. And family always sticks together."
Both men instinctively reached out for her, but John checked Sherlock in his tracks with an outstretched arm signalling him to stop and went to attend to Rosie. Sherlock's lower lip quivered but he said nothing. Then, silently, he moved to his bedroom door and John knew why.
Not pretty words to hear about yourself all the time, or to have yourself rejected over and over without an explanation other than a few insults.
Rosie's sleep had been effectively terminated by the sound, and irritated, she began to wail loudly. The culprit was found to be Sherlock, who had accidentally dropped a beaker. John rushed in to the sound of the breaking glass and Rosie's cries, and stumbled upon a wonderful scene. The chemical in the beaker lay in a guilty puddle, beside Sherlock, who seemed to have forgotten all about it. He had picked Rosie up on his arms, and was rocking her back and forth, humming softly, trying to calm her down.
John had been there before.
-----
(See the end of the chapter for
He repeated it like a prayer in his mind, as their lips met. Initially their lips were still, savoring the moment, the feeling of their own lips pressed against the other's. Then John used Sherlock's shoulder to steady himself, and kissed him, a little roughly, but then, slowed down to let Sherlock pick up the pace. They grabbed at each others lips, and John traced the lower lip with his tongue. Thrilled, Sherlock parted his lips, perhaps to let in some air, and John dove in.
"He sustained them during the two years after his staged suicide from St Bart's roof. He jumped, Doctor Watson, to save your life."
Parenting, apparently was a job that Sherlock was not comfortable doing. And the nightmares.
Mycroft regarded him with a slightly pained expression. He took a deep breath. "Do you love him, John?"
And John would do it. He would grab Sherlock's hand, let
They were close enough for Sherlock to see a layer of.moisture glisten in John's eyes. Worried, he stepped back a little, so that he could see John's face properly.
Mycroft attempted to nudge him further,
"No, no, no. Sherlock," he said, setting Rosie back in the cradle. He held Sherlock's shoulders with both his hands, as if trying to steady him, "it's not like that. If she- if Rosie wants you to become her father too, if that's the way she sees you, I have no objection, Shelrock. "
John had just kept down his phone when Sherlock materialised behind him. "Did the conversation last so long?" He inquired, his head tilted, looking straight into John's eyes.
With slow, deliberate motions, John stroked circles on Sherlock's head, taking his time to feel the soft texture of the hair.
John finally comes to Sherlock with his case, all the while trying to hide the thoughts stirring up within his brain. And heart.
God, he needed a distraction.
He was about to open the drawer to get his and Sherlock's cups, also known as 'the few pieces of cutlery not subjected to human parts', when he felt two arms slide around his waist and a long body pressing against his back, warmth circulating through John's body at the warm embrace. It was pliant against John's back, moulding into his smaller frame.
And so, he reached a truce with himself, taking out his phone from the jeans pocket and switching it on. Sherlock's, Rosie's and his own face smiling on the screen. His thumb hovered longingly over the face of his flatmate and his daughter.
And yet, it was exactly what he was doing.
Too late I realize it's ,you, John.
"Dear god," Mary sighed, "I'm not asking you to go French or get off right here, y'know? A simple peck on the lips is enough."
The air around them thickened, the expectation of… something clouding it. Mary's breath seemed to catch in her throat and she leaned forward.
You look happy, Sherlock. You don't look so sad anymore. Not like the day, when I told you you look sad, when you think he can't see you. You still look a little sad sometimes, when you think no one's around. But it's different now. As though the thing that made you so sad, is simply a memory of the past, tinged with a little melancholy. As if you let go of it. That's good isn't it?
With it came a sudden wave of want. It's depth was all-consuming, and it left both of them suddenly exhausted, and yet energized by the want. It was a longing, the longing for deliverance after all the years of pent up emotions, trying to come through all at once, like a river trying to flow faster than could be contained, resulting in a flood. They drowned in their own emotions, parting from each other to breathe, come up to the surface.
Then John spoke something in his ear, and he laughed, his eyes crinkled, and though she was too far away to have heard him, she could have sworn his deep, bubbling laughter echoed in her ears.
Annnd here's another one!! Gosh, we've come so far!!!
"So, John, how does it feel to be romantically entangled with the heartless detective?" She said the word heartless mockingly, as if they both knew that it wasn't true.
With that he sat on the armchair, and Sherlock sat at the foot of it on the carpet, every notion of pride or dignity thrown to the wind.
That instant was theirs, and they held it gently in their palms, balancing it carefully.
“I never meant tha-“ Sherlock started.
They stayed like this for a moment, tasting each other, but chastely, trying to calm down their respective hearts and 'living in the moment' the best they could.
And so John talked and talked and talked, not stopping even after he was out of breath and his mouth dry from use and tears streaming down his cheeks.
I could never stop loving you. I never will. I don't ever want to.
too early for that.
The tears had stopped for the meantime, Sherlock was looking for the answerable desperately needed.
Sherlock sat on his own chair and smiled at John, “How is Mary? How is your practice going? Good, I assume?” John just smiled back. “You know you don’t have to make small talk with me Sherlock, it’s okay.”
"No can do sweetie. But, you can call me what my spy name is. Mary Morstan, at your service."
They were, moreover, getting used to each others' close proximity, and didn't flinch or freeze or do anything of the sort if the other touched him anymore.
, that you might employ to get the information you want, but sometimes, they're, um, a bit…" John looked about for words that were softer than "traumatising" and "terrorising".
But I could, John thought, still surprised at the man he saw in front of him, the Sherlock before he'd met John.
"Sherlock, what is wrong with you? I know it is difficult for you, but it's not been a ride in the park for me either, you know?"
"Dead as ever!" She laughed, a little dryly.
My parents and I got into a fight. At first it was about my alcoholism, but the topic soon shifted to my homosexuality. That's what bothers them. The most, more than the fact that I get wasted almost every other day. I know it, they know it too. They just won't say it. Like it's a disease. The thought makes me furious. But then the anger goes away. It occurs to me that I probably should give them time to adjust to it, because it's new to them. But then their harsh words come back to me, and I throw the thought away. Suddenly I hear some voices outside, arguing.
After much thinking, and over thinking, John reached to a conclusion .
He stood before the door in front of him for a moment, as if bracing for the near future, and allowed himself inside, straightening the knocker subconsciously, entering 221 Baker Street.
It hit him like a jolt of lightning.
To this Sherlock gave no response in particular, only a gruff sound. Rosie noticed that her dad had come home, and gave an exclamation of delight, before a stuffed elephant caught her eye and she started playing with it. Sherlock looked at her and smiled tiredly in response. He walked past John without meeting his eyes, as if the latter did not exist at all. His anger fueled, John roughly grabbed Sherlock's arm, and turned him around to face John. His earlier worry about whether or not Sherlock would accept the role of being Rosie's father had temporarily subsided.
That was the main attraction then, John thought, because it was inside a glass case, and Mycroft once more proceeded to do the same actions which he had at the door, to open the glass case.
(See the end of the chapter for
Both of them were thankful for what he had done.
"Mission accomplished" John said to himself in a weak laugh, before a curse escaped his lips and he held his head in his hands.
John had no answer, to neither the question in his head, nor to what he'd just felt and done.
And sometimes the drink gets to me, sometimes I'm tempted to have a sip or two. But then I see you, and Clara and Sherlock, and Rosie, and sometimes mum and dad. People for whom I need to stay sober. And most importantly, I see myself, in the mirror. I look healthy, happy. I look like life.
If he'd thought that this would improve the atmosphere, it didn't work.
John, he really did love you, didn't he? He would go to the ends of the universe for you John. That's the thing with people like him. They love seldom, but they love with everything they've got. And you deserve that kind of love.
I could make you stop using and you listened to me.
But he seemed to understand, when he looked at her, as if he knew what was going on in her mind, and wanted to tell her it was okay.
his brain to not draw a blank. Sherlock had stepped too close to him, and now John was ridiculously distracted by the detective's lips. Thinking was a bit hard, at the moment. "Mycroft?" He said stupidly. Anything was better than not being able to look away from his flatmate's lips. The fact that he might have to kiss them in the near future did not help at all.
"For god's sake Sherlock, I said I don't need your help!" John growled, "and I don't need any benevolence from Mycroft either. My sister and I are managing fine without your help."
He'd grown so used to Sherlock in the short span of time they'd lived together. To the tantrums, the eccentricities, to his brilliance, and the way he spoke, and his violin, and--
Hahaha really excited, for what's to come next hope you're too!
. That didn't bear thinking about. John had not forgotten his scandalous moment of distraction that had only been saved by Mycroft's call.
He preseed a kiss to John's head, enjoying every sensation,every sound and smell, and whatever else he could salvage from his moment. They stood there for a while, even after John's sobs died away, holding each other in blissful silence.
It had been his fear, the very thing plaguing him- The fact that he was the reason Sherlock had experienced pain. It made him angry. It made him what to throttle Sherlock, shake him to his core, and ask, why,
"That's right Rosie, daddy is right there." Sherlock said pointing towards John. Ignoring his statement, she continued repeating 'Dada', her arms outstretched towards Sherlock. It was then that both of them understood the situation.
(See the end of the chapter for
This time when the darkness gave way to blinding sunlight, John was prepared. While he still stumbled, he did not completely lose his balance, and in a minute or two, he was ready for action.
"Touching, is it not, the fan-base we have already acquired?" Sherlock had a sneer on his face that John supposed had more to do with
Also, I hope you like the imagery in the last scene- half angel and half demon.
Mycroft was taken aback for a moment. He had rarely seen his brother this passionate. But he chose to carry on slowly; Sherlock on drugs was a man with no control, or idea of control: he would act instantaneously, and powerfully.
I'm really excited about what's to come next!
They don't reply.
, mom?" Your voice has risen to a shout, John, you've never done that before. For a moment I am taken by surprise at the anger in your voice. "I see a scared girl, suffering from peer pressure, and doing all of this, because she wants acceptance. And the one who made her feel like that are her parents. She probably hates her guts now, dad. Please. " Your voice breaks a little, you sound tired. "She's family. We can't do that to her." There's silence. You storm off.
Except. There was still one more trip possible to the morning that had just passed.
This was met by silence. Funny, John thought, he had expected a blast, a loud bang, an applause or hell's fire engulfing him. But there was nothing.
((Warning: use of the word fagg*t ))
Our date is over by seven, and it seems too early to have dinner. So we stand outside the cafe, looking at each other, trying to make small talk, anything to stall the inevitable. That we have to leave. Suddenly we both fall silent. We have nothing to say. Our eyes meet, and we laugh at the awkwardness of it all. And then it all fades away, with the realization of what is to happen next in both our eyes evident. And then you lean forward, and my heart races. You are going to kiss me. This is the moment that will define our relationship.
He lit the cigarette and inhaled deeply. It was a low quality, high tar, and it made him cough from the unfamiliarity, but it was perfect. It was strong enough to meet his needs.
"Let us talk about your problem. Perhaps that will lessen the sorrow." Mycroft spoke soothingly, as if to a child.
He opened his eyes, made a brave attempt at keeping his voice and determination strong. He failed at both.
"Oh," John thought he was getting a hang of this whole deduction thing, "So he's keeping a watch on us then?"
"Stop!"
hand rest on the other's thigh, rub circles on the detective's hand, inch a little closer, stare just a little longer.
"Mycroft?"
He simply stood there, breathing. Not knowing whether to jump off a roof like Sherlock had, or dissolve right here and now into a puddle of sobs.
“Why? Why did you –use ---again.” John’s voice had dropped to a strangled whisper, his watery eyes fixed on Sherlock, a sentence left unsaid but glaringly obvious in his voice.
I was so desperate, John, to get rid of my old life, and everything was going well until Magnusson came into picture. I shot Sherlock, John, that day, and it was a shot to kill. But somehow, I didn't. I couldn't. I missed a little, just enough so that you didn't die immediately. But you were supposed to die there, Sherlock, somehow you didn't. I thought then that perhaps It was your will to live that had been so strong. But it wasn't that, was it Sherlock? It was never the wish to live, but your love for John. You came back from the dead for him. Twice.
John and Sherlock go to meet Mycroft.
Sherlock, who was married to his work , could never love him back. He had made it quite clear already.
The voice said "Access permitted" in the background of his giggles and the door slid open silently.
His eyes flew open, a moan escaping out of his mouth that sounded so surprised that it came out as a yelp.
It occurred to John that maybe Sherlock had used, and a wave of anger erupted within him.
Before, he'd waved the thought away by saying that this would only affect his and Sherlock's relationship and nothing else. After all, if he and Mary were meant to be, they would.
"Dr Watson, my best wishes and goodbye for the last time, if all indeed goes according to plan."
"Come on John," I smile, "you've got a wedding to attend, a man to take to bed."
She was silent as she listened to the man on the phone talk. "Oh, pity."
As always a huge thanks to Vanshika who makes the mistakes and loopholes apparent and fixes them too!!!!.
The refusal was on John's lips before he could even fully consider it, "No, no. That would be--
in fact been made and acknowledged by the detective.
"Mycroft." John replied curtly. They had never been on the best of terms and his argument with Sherlock had further reduced his desire to maintain any politeness.
But John hadn't realised, at least not yet, that the connection that they'd shared was not present now, at least it wasn't mutual.
They were very beautiful, the pupils large, dilating almost hungrily as they consumed the turquoise irises. Sherlock was studying his reaction intently. In fact, this seemed the general mood he had today: dissecting John Watson with large cat-like eyes.
"No thank you very much, I'm better off standing." John's voice did not contain an ounce of the sincerity that usually accompanied those words.
The image was persistent and made little flutters of something arise in his chest.
No. No. No
"Nice." Mary said, surveying them intently. "It's television anyway, people won't be able to take more than a few seconds of kissing from two men."
John had to restrain himself from taking the man in front of him into his arms, to beg for forgiveness and return things to normal. But this Sherlock did not even know John's name.
He'd stayed in denial, thinking that things weren't that bad, but this was irrefutable evidence that they were far worse than bad. He had known things had been slipping, but not so much and so quickly.
"John!" I shout at the closed door.
Neither, as anticipated, had gotten much rest the previous night, and with all the turmoil of the past two days, physical as well as otherwise, this time of peaceful, companionable silence became a safe place for their minds and bodies to cave in and let go.
The latter held on, fingers deliberately brushing John's neck in a gentle caress, playing with his collar indecisively, reaching beneath it,  and then retreating in a flash, leaving John wanting for more.
He tasted the word in his mouth, as if just understanding what it meant. What it would mean if it were true.
Your eyes are filled with gratitude, and love, your lips in a small, uncertain smile. Not my imagination, then.
? John wasn't quite sure but he decided to take the chance.
The detective and his army doctor left the Yard in good spirits, picking up some takeaway, and even stopping by Mrs Hudson to have a cup of tea with her.
Giving in to his little impulses, to that dangerous voice in his head that said "
had to find out about her divorce from someone else too .
"I need to know, if you feel the same way. If you- if you--" John choked a little, and at the same moment Sherlock looked into John's eyes, and he knew.
John couldn't help it. He burst into a fit of giggles, making it last longer than was strictly necessary, just to make Mycroft's scowl even deeper.
Beside them, on the table, was a little diary in which John insisted they keep all the observations that Sherlock made, so he could remember: what the man below on the street looked like, what did he do during his shift, and so on
But I have lived so much, a lot of it thanks to you.
So yes, this is first try that John gives.
He'd only just finished his rant when John's phone went off again and he left his place at the window to retrieve it. Sherlock peered over his shoulder, then made a 'hmfph' sound and sat on the chair by the window.
AS always, lots of hugs and gratitude to Vanshika, who is truly amazing!!!!
(See the end of the chapter for
"Unfortunately, Mycroft," His voice dropped it's strength as he went further down the sentence, and the last word was uttered with almost a whimper. "I lost."
He reached out to graze his fingers against the cool metal of the knocker and the rectangular plate that had in it engraved the letters “221B” that John called 'home' in his head. His touch was reverent, trying to map it out under his touch and preserve in his memory, even though soon he'd remember none of it. Closing his eyes, he inhaled the scent of the wood, the air around him and London in general- the place that both he and Sherlock loved.
Sherlock Holmes was a very complex man. He had many antiques and just as many redeeming qualities, though situations often turned out to be such that one forgot all his plus points in the face of the one atrocious thing he would do.
Well now he did.
The tension between them was straining as it increased each day, pushed forward by the weight of the things unspoken between them. There was an urgent need to talk, to discuss things. To settle old scores. To be rid of the past that had settled, John knew, on Sherlock too, making his shoulders sag under it pressure.
Across the room, Molly stared at him for a moment or two before realizing that she had to smile back, and forced a smile on her face.
John’s heart thudded rapidly as he watched Sherlock make up his mind, wanting the detective to both accept and deny his proposal at the same time.
John looked at his shoes, then at the piles of papers on Mycroft's desk, and back at his shoes. He didn't know what to say.
Mycroft looked like he wanted to feed John to the hound in Baskerville, but said nothing except giving John a glare.
As he went inside the room, John smirked, following the older Holmes.
But now that he thought hard about it, he realised that it might not be the case. There was a chance that he'd never meet Mary in the new future.
"I don't need your help," Sherlock said haughtily, not meeting John's eyes and instead scrolling on his phone screen.
John knew Sherlock was right.
John woke up to sunlight planting soft kisses on his skin and the pleasant hazy buzz of having slept well. That, however, was falsehood, since John had spent the better part of the night researching "Sherlock Holmes".
A few minutes ago he had entered the living room to find a very-- unnaturally so--
It was the next day, when the afternoon was fading into the oncoming evening, when the trio started their tour of how John and Sherlock Holmes had truly met.
A bit of angst and quarrels, and solving a case.
As John entered the flat, the all-too-familiar scent of 221B Baker Street hit him- the scent of chemicals, haywire shots at the wall, the odd cigarette, some weird smells that he was better not knowing about, and the shampoo Sherlock used. Was it bad missing all of it as much as he did? The atmosphere looked more than inviting. It was dimly lit by the afternoon sunlight, and the only other thing that glowed brightly was the lamp at the station Sherlock was working on. He composed himself for a moment, and then, levelling his voice greeted, “Hey Sherlock, you busy?”
Another chapter up, and don't worry, THE PRETEND RELATIONSHIP STARTS SSOOOOON
Mycroft banged his hand on the wood, his voice laced with obvious irritation"You know what I mean very well John! Stop with this idiocy of yours. I am not here to cater to your sexuality crisis."
"You're welcome." We embrace lightly for a few moments. Neither of us are touchy people.
"Oh the comments, if you read them, say quite the opposite."
When they woke up in the morning they would find themselves carefully apart from each other.
“I am not, John. But Mrs. Hudson seemed to have picked up the song from somewhere, and had been babbling to me how wonderful the song is, ‘God bless Ed! Such a wonderful song he’s written!’” Sherlock imitated her with a sour look.
"Mycroft! At least spare her from your antics." Sherlock sounded dramatically tired of it all, and John wouldn't have thought a theatrical slump of shoulders and sigh amiss.
P.s.sorry for the one day late update!
being there than anything else. The detective drew the curtain close with a dramatic sweep, pacing the room. Then, he asked John, who was still peeking from behind the curtain, observing at the window, "John, take a good look at the crowd below. Do you notice anyone that seems out of place?"
"Oh get used to it John, I'll be guiding you through all the posts. Get used to me." Was she
John had wanted to ask where they were going, but said nothing knowing he wouldn't get an answer, and walked behind Mycroft, still doubting the latter's sanity.
John continued to stand and then went to the desk,"Do we--" John fumbled with both his words and his hands as he tried to tidy up the papers on the desk in vain.
"That's okay really. I understand. The traffic is sometimes too much. Hardly anything you or I could do. It's not like we can make it disappear." I chuckle. And suddenly you think of something, someone, and your mouth's corner perks up, as if to say, i/ I know someone who could/i .
But Sherlock had the answers to none of these, and so just nodded mutely.
John wakes up into a world without any memory of his time with Sherlock.
Of course, a BIG THANK YOU to Vanshika, for being such and amazing Beta Reader!!! <33333
You look beautiful, Sherlock.
“John it became too much. She- Rosie—I was---nightmares—you died. John, I couldn’t.” Sherlock's voice, like his eyes were pleading, begging John to understand.
"It's not an addiction!" Sherlock growled, his nostrils flared, " I only use it for intellectual stimulation and I can stop
"Fine." Sherlock's interest had shifted back to the petri dish, and he was about to add a chemical to it. "So why did Mycroft send you here?" His voice was heavy with derision.
He took a deep breath, his eyes shut for a moment, and then said, “If Rosie and I are a burden to you, if we have reduced you to this state, then I think we should leave.”
Throughout the day, they sat in close proximity to one another, often holding hands, or with an arm around each other, and once both had gotten over the initial shock of close contact, it was actually quite comfortable, John thought.
"Hello Doctor Watson. I have tried to call Sherlock multiple times, but as always, he refuses to cooperate with anyone." Mycroft's tone had the same diplomatic tones heavily laced with sarcasm, and he put on a theatrical sigh for John's benefit.
He lay in bed, silently for a few minutes, his face sticky with the aftermath of tears, and lips dry and parched.
"Umm, okay, I'll sleep on a mattress on the floor then." John said, and really, Sherlock couldn't object. They were practically strangers last night and this was too much to ask of either of them.
"Very handsome, Sherlock. John is going to be head over heels over you today." I smile fondly.
"This is a what manipulator?" John asked his voice incredulous, now sure that Mycroft really had gone mad.
He couldn't help staring at this Sherlock, the man before John knew him, still in danger of succumbing to the high and so brilliant it hurt. He feared that without he himself being there for him, Sherlock would once again reach for the syringe, but he hoped, however unlikely it was, that his speech would help him.
On the first night together, Sherlock insisted that John should sleep on the bed because he didn't sleep as much, and would be busy finishing an experiment all night. And yet John was adamant that he sleep on the mattress, even if only for this night. He had to establish that this was how it was supposed to be. That it was part of an
John is finding it even more difficult to make his decision than he'd thought it would be, but keeping them apart is more than the universe's cup of tea.
A reminder of what would happen once John was back in the future.
Now in the morning, at around 10, after making sure Harry's wound-- which was healing rapidly despite the alcohol abuse her body had endured-- was treated with some new bandaging, he decided to go back to Baker Street, and was about to leave, when he heard an angry shout from his sister.
"Never mind. Forget that." You slam the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
As if Sherlock would know the truth about him, about them. He felt as he did back at the lab all those years ago, stripped to the soul, yet fascinated by the man in front of him.
Press that, John thought, and all the pain would be over. Press that and he would never know what he'd lost.
For now he curbed his urge to snog Sherlock on the wall behind him, knowing that there would be enough time tonight for payback.
A little boy with a curious mind and a golden heart, who flings himself into the world, going on adventures, and figuring out the impossible. And underneath it all: a will to love, grieve, get angry, and be surpised with what the world has to offer, hidden only for the fear of getting hurt.
Hello guys!!!
"Oh yes," The Woman replied, amusement evident in her voice, "It's a date."
"Well, then it depends. You could sever all ties from him." But even as Mycroft suggested this, he knew when he looked into his brother's eyes- it would not be possible.
"I see how it is," She laughed dryly, but without an edge. "You're in deep, John Watson."
Again the urge seized him like it had in the park, a desire to let out all of his anguish, and he opened the voice recording application in his mobile phone.
"It hurts Mycroft. It feels as though I have been physically injured." And then, with the whimsical reasoning of a child, "Make it go away."
The next morning, they woke up a little later than usual-- Harry feeling drained yet a lot better; and John with an aching back from the couch. He had not slept too well, as he stayed up quite a bit after the phone call with Sherlock.
