Castiel smirked, which was rare and all sorts of hot, as he pulled the plate away from Dean, leaving it at the other end of the table, “I’m taking it back until you’ve finished math then.”
Dean melted a little bit on the spot, “For all your talk of no romance, you sure know the way to a guy’s heart.”
He frowns at the huge rainbow flag in front of the frat house. He never even noticed that they had a flag pole.
“Anyway, it was pretty cool. I’m glad Eileen suggested it,” Sam finishes and then he gets off the couch, stretching his legs, “I’m gonna unpack and then I wanna watch I Am Legend if you’re up for it?”
When he gets back, he downplays the trip when Benny and Victor ask about it, to a “It was fun. Cas’ family is nice.” And then he throws his duffel bag in the closet and spends 20 minutes skim-reading the chapter for the next day before he’s back at Cas’ again.
Castiel smiles despite himself. The sex is one thing, and boy is it, but Cas is going to miss this more. He stares into his black coffee, meeting his own eye and wondering when he fell in love with Dean.
Sam asks about his classes, and Dean totally should have just talked about statistics or physics or anything safe, but he doesn’t because he’s a dumb fuck.
They get in and everything smells like Dean’s cologne and leather. He gets so caught up in it that he loses points as Dean flirts up a storm with Meg. It doesn't really matter, because when they get to the frat house that Dean calls home, Meg instantly disappears to flirt with someone else.
“I am not sure yet. I'm not sure how I feel about dating and doing porn at the same time," Castiel says.
He almost wanted to just go up on stage right then and pull Dean to him and kiss him, and tell him that he’d always have time for him. Nothing would ever be more important.
in powder. He doesn’t have any eyebrows so he looks perpetually confused. He sees Charlie through the mirror and turns around to smile at her, “Long time no see, hon, how’s it going?”
He slams his (honest-to-god) tray on the table and sits down next to Benny and Cas. He places a white chocolate chunk cookie on top of the open page of Cas’ book and the dark-haired man finally looks up.
Castiel doesn’t come further into Dean’s space but rests his shoulder against the doorway. Smart, since he can hear the next group at Charlie’s station already. Cas smiles at Dean, and even with the rubber goo in his hair and all over his nerdy clothes, Dean melts a little. Gets a little gooey, if you will.
Today they go somewhere else. Dean steers them, determined, like he knows where to go. They sail for a long time.
Dean was just twisting out the kinks of his back, making sure he was warmed up for this, when he spotted Castiel by the entrance. He wasn’t exactly hard to notice, and Dean needed to go get him before anyone else noticed him. He went to get him, not even saying anything to Sam who continued his story for a good fifteen seconds before he realized that Dean was gone. Dean got Castiel a pair of shoes and a root beer because he liked the stuff to a point where it was unnatural.
They hadn’t discussed it and now that Dean asks, Cas is definitely okay with not having anymore close encounters with any reptiles for a while. He tells Dean as much.
Dean looks from side to side in panic, grateful that Sam can’t see him. Why did Cas have to send a dick pic
Anna reveals that the asshole boyfriend was a rebound from the guy she really wanted but who dumped her. She apologizes again. And then she reveals about a hundred embarrassing stories about Cas that Dean will treasure forever.
“Wine is great,” Castiel sits down, “If your finances are tight, couldn’t you get student loans like your brother? And most other students for that matter?”
Dean grins and shakes his head, “Oh no, not me. I’m designated driver too. And just so happens that root beer’s my favorite too.”
Castiel gets the lube, opens it and squeezes some onto his fingers. He leans in close to Dean, whispers throatily, “spread your legs, baby. Relax.”
Castiel started gathering his papers, mostly to do something with his hands and not have to face either of the girls.
Dean scrambled off Cas, sitting back on his own chair, “I just lost my balance,” he explained, trying to brush away the awkwardness.
He walks him down in a pair of worn sweatpants and holds the door open. Cas stands on the porch. Their breaths fog but the sun is rising and it’s going to be a warm day. It’s eerily quiet in a way the house almost never is. Most of the inhabitants are still sleeping, if not all.
Castiel sips his to go coffee, squinting against the sun. He left his sunglasses in Florida, but luckily Dean has since found them and promised to bring them back with him. God, Cas can’t wait to see him again.
“That’s the plan,” Castiel confirms and then a car honks at them and it turns out to be Dean’s friend and their ride, and it really just irritates Castiel further when the driver turns out to be another girl.
“Nah. He’s a good kid, alright. He grew up out there, and despite the attitude you won’t get a better guide.” Cas hums a reply.
Castiel almost rolled his eyes affectionally. Ten thirty was hardly the middle of the night, even if it was past his usual bedtime. “I uh… I was waiting for you, so my ride left.”
He gets home and turns on the light and music and even the TV but it doesn’t make him feel any less lonely. He works on his comp exam and sends an email to Cain that he knows he won’t get a reply to before he sees him next week anyway.
an alien. I got my phone.” He waves the square of light before swiping up on the screen to activate the flashlight.
Castiel takes his books and laptop out of his bag and brings them to the couch where he puts them down, “Of course I have coffee,” he smirks at Dean and Dean smiles back at him. Cas leaves for the kitchen.
Dean’s heart is thumping heavily in his chest and there’s a lump of unspoken panic in his throat. He barely registers his own voice as he says, “Just let Jo take it. You and Bobby can take the pull-out couch.”
Dean tried his hardest not to blush. Judging by Sam’s snicker, he was unsuccessful. He tried to shrug nonchalantly anyway, “Just wanna smell good.”
“You talk to him first. I don’t want to distract him from his performance in case he doesn’t want to see me,” Castiel explained.
He moves his hand to hold his cheek, and leans in and presses his own lips against Cas’. They’re soft against those too. Dean leans back and ignores his desperate sigh, before tilting his head and leaning back in.
Anyway, now here he is, walking along the bookshelves, moving slowly to search every shelf from bottom to top. At least he’s in the right area, he’s fairly certain.
“So?” He mumbled going back to his drawer to try and find the green Henley he knew had to be somewhere.
Castiel takes a bite of his strudel. Dean folds his hand around his mug, letting the warmth seep through.
“Hey Cas! Sorry for letting you wait,” he said, smiling brightly. Castiel brother was home on visit this weekend, and apparently that meant they had to go to Dean’s house. Dean didn’t mind. It was always easier on one’s own turf.
“Is it about the birds and the bees? Because I’m sure they’ll tell you about it in school at some point,” Dean says, still absorbed by the game.
So while Dean takes all morning classes, Castiel teaches in the afternoon, and suddenly they don’t have all that many hours left to see each other.
Benny is walking around, rolling his shoulders and hips to the introductory tunes of the song, and Dean. Just. Stands. There.
He gets his phone out of his book bag and his fingers get slick with sweat because even if he only intended to text his friends for coffee, he still has Castiel’s number and Castiel wants Dean to text him while he’s off shooting porn for the next week.
“Aw,” Cas deadpans because he’s an asshole who can’t handle romance. “What if I was just staying on campus all week?”
They conversation was briefly interrupted when Charlie sat down in a chair next to them, “Wait what? You broke up with Dean?”
Dean sighs but gets them a little closer, closer, closer aaand- clank! Castiel is knocked out of his hyper focus, and turns to Dean.
Castiel looks up like a deer caught in headlights. Is this a parking inspector? Castiel scans the man quickly, and after taking in his gelled up sandy-blonde hair, his scuffed leather jacket with a well-worn flannel peeking out under it and the holes on the knees of his jeans, Castiel decides that he is probably not. And if he is not, he must be-
Now Castiel was left without a ride at 9pm and an aching heart in the empty hallway of Dean’s school. He couldn’t even call his mom because his phone had been dead since that afternoon. At least he had plenty of time to meditate on what exactly to say to Dean on his walk home, he thought to himself, trying to remain at least a little positive. If he didn’t, he was sure he’d be crying before he was halfway home, and he could do without crying in public, thank you very much.
“What do I suggest? I don’t fucking know! How about not sailing too close and getting stuck in the first place?!” He knows how his voice comes across when he’s like this, low and full of anger.
“Oh yeah. Nice’s the word,” Gabriel nods. He looks up at Cas, still walking. They’re circling the local park with coffee and paninis as they catch up.
Apparently Sam can tell his brother is freaking out because he says, “hey, I’m going to try, okay? I’m just saying… Don’t expect us to be… best friends or anything. Of course I want to get to know him, he’s your boyfriend, Dean.”
“Oh,” Dean lets go of his shoelaces to accept the papers, “Right, thanks,” he says feeling very small.
“But you can still get us out, right?” Cas asks, and he knows the hysteria is not in his voice because it never is.
And it probably doesn't help that when Dean does meet people he only fucking talks about his stupid comp exam.
But Sam doesn’t even mean it like that. He just nudges Dean in the ribs with his elbow and smirks, “So… Couldn’t help but notice Cas spent the night again after your birthday…”
Her bouncy hair is partly covered by a pair of fuzzy earmuffs and she has one of her girlfriends in tow. They shake snowflakes out of their curls and stomp them off their boots. Meg’s hair is curlier and darker than usual with the moisture from the snow and her pale skin looks luminous in contrast.
Benny rolls his eyes, “No, but when we start betting on… I don’t know, when you’ll get married or something.”
The waitress looks up from the register, grinning like Dean is adorable. “Sorry, your friend took care of it already,” she says.
Sam checks the time on his phone, “I do kinda have to get going, but Dean… You’re sure you’re okay by yourself?”
“Oh, thank god,” Dean says like a complete idiot. He claps Benny’s arm, “See you later. The gym at 6, right?” He starts walking away.
“Probably,” Sam shrugs. “He’s more perceptive than I am. And also you don’t shut the fuck up about him. Like ever.”
Cas comes up behind him and places his hands over Dean’s, “Relax, baby. Don’t worry about padding. We’ll cinch your waist a little, it’ll be fine.”
Cas smiles patiently at Dean, knowing how shitty Dean feels about this even though they have never talked about it. “Dean, it’s two blocks.”
“Hey,” he said, stripping free of his jacket and school uniform blazer, sweaty from the bike ride across town.
Dean woke up too late that Sunday, with only a half hour to spare before meeting Castiel. It was only the second session but it would be an overstatement to say that Dean was looking forward to it. Not because of the tutor. No, that was the one saving grace. But Dean hated schoolwork, and he especially hated spending his spare time doing it. And now he had to tell Cas his grade in biology just dropped to failing as well. Who cared about stupid alleles?
Castiel feels like he’s been slapped across the face but in a good way. “I live two blocks from MIT,” he says, almost numb with surprise.
It dawns on Castiel that this guy made the same mistake Castiel did and thinks Castiel is a parking inspector. And Castiel cannot really come up with a better excuse. Staring into the face of this beautiful man he knows he needs to get out fast, and this seems like as good an opportunity as any.
Dean slumped back in defeat, resting his chin in one hand, elbow on the island top. He sighed, “You’re really serious about this.”
“Was I not supposed to be ready when I got here?” he ignores the way Ruby checks out Cas. And he also ignores how everybody else backstage checks out Cas.
It’s late august and he hasn’t been back in Boston for a week when they run into someone Dean knows for the first time.
Dean put his hands on his hips. “So I’m just supposed to get gay married by the heavens without any proposal or ceremony or anything? Sam was supposed to be best man.”
Despite whatever forces are trying to say that they shouldn’t be together, that they don’t belong together, that they’re
Castiel was walked up the aisle by Meg, who was wearing a new meat suit, what with her old one having rotten and all, first.
“No, Cas,” Dean looked at the steering wheel. He wasn’t driving yet. “I shouldn’t have assumed what I did. I was stressed out and am an idiot in general. So I’m sorry.”
Dean leans back and puts an elbow on the armrest, facing Sam instead of the TV, “No. I’ve got no fucking clue. I could actually really use your advice, you date complicated girls, right?”
With his trench coat curled up under his arm and his backpack slinging from his elbow, he took the few steps to the main entrance two at a time. That just served to take him back to square one of being a sweaty mess, and he leaned his hands on his knees to catch his breath, whipping his head back to get his hair away from his sweaty forehead.
A couple of hours later, Dean is chatting up Pamela, who’s a slutty zombie, mostly out of habit when she just starts laughing in the middle of a perfectly fine line.
They all look at Dean. Dean is notoriously never serious about his girlfriends. Not since Lisa in high school. He was so naïve.
When he thought about it he guessed he was mostly in his ratty old dance wear around Cas. And the uniform. “Well, right back at ya. You know, I don’t actually choose to wear that uniform,” Dean said and sat down next to his tutor.
“No, wine’s fine. You know, I don’t only drink beer, right? I can be classy,” Dean says, maybe to try to seem a little bit more sophisticated, more mature. Less like a 21-year old red neck.
Castiel’s nonexistent resolve broke and he walked the few steps forward and opened the door. Before getting in, he looked at Dean again, “You’re sure? I’ll be fine walking if it makes you uncomfortable.”
Castiel tilts his head, still smiling humorously, “Hanna is my sister. And I’m not in the habit of dating women.”
Dean continues enjoying the view. “I don’t think there’s anything that could be more important than this.”
Probably some big, manly, mean guy who smokes cigarettes and has tattoos and is taking a women’s rights class to impress girls. Someone who, if Castiel actually protested about the parking spot like he does in his mind every Thursday afternoon where he made the mistake of signing up for Text Revision, which he cannot for the life of him pay attention to, would beat him up. If not ignore him.
Benny sighs, “Nah, Lilith either. I’m gonna go home and practice the false eyelashes all afternoon.”
Dean wakes up in a pool of his own sweat. His t-shirt is sticking to his back, and he feels like he’s suffocating under the covers and under Cas’ arm. And hey, that
The cherub remembered that humans generally had weird hang-ups about nudity, and that his kind’s usual attire - or lack thereof - was uncommon on Earth in most - but not all - social settings.
Dean is kind of proud of himself for asking Castiel to come by his apartment without hesitating or stammering or sweating through his T-shirt, and he has also beaten himself in the face with his notebook repeatedly for being proud of something he’s been doing since he was 14.
When Dean gets his break he notices a missed call from John and one from Bobby, and when he returns from break Meg says he’s so pale that he should go home and let her cover for him because she’s worried he’ll be sick all over the baked goods display.
Benny groans, “You’re practically Dean’s confidante, it’s not fair. You don’t get to play next time!”
But apparently Dean wants something in return, and he starts on Cas’ shirt buttons with one hand, the other supporting his weight above Cas.
“Look, Dean, I’m working next to my grad school load too. I know it’s hard. I’m just saying maybe work a few less hours for a little while? Just until you’re on top of things again,” he suggests, sounding rational and like he cares and like he has any fucking clue. Dean makes about $8 an hour. He wonders what Castiel makes a film.
When they park on campus with a car between them, Castiel grabs Dean’s hand once they’ve exited the car. Probably because of the too loud Metallica and incessant finger drumming on the steering wheel.
“This was better than a proper meal,” Cas says and Dean wants to push him for being too genuine again. He feels all warm inside.
Or maybe he does, and just doesn’t get a chance to, because the next thing Gabriel says is with a big, fake yawn.
Then they move to the living room, new glasses of wine and a promise of no more talk about grad school.
me in the first place? I mean, I’ve met the man twice already and we’ve never had, like, an actual conversation.”
Castiel eventually relents. He pulls his fingers out of Dean, and Dean immediately protests. Cas slips the condom on and puts his hands on Dean.
What stupid fucking thing to say and Dean has to deal with the consequences when Jimmy lifts a corner of his mouth in the tiniest smirk that has Dean a little bit turned on, “Professionally or?”
He’s on the dance floor in he-doesn’t-know-whose heels and he’s mostly just grinding against Cas. Last he saw Sam he was getting drunk under the table by Ruby and Mrs. Rainbow. It’s a really good night.
His first act tonight is a strip tease kinda thing. There are three poles set up on stage and Dean can do a tease and a crucifix and then he can look real pretty when he twirls around it. Abaddon is going to go in the middle and she is the best pole dancer at the club.
Dean nods, wonders if there’s anything else he has kept from Sam. Then he smiles evilly. There’s nothing better than offending Sam, “I started wearing panties.”
“Well, you suck at beer pong, Castiel,” Dean says, smiling.  When the ball lands in the first cup, he downs it, eyes on Castiel.
“In a minute,” Cas says, breath labored too. He runs his hand over Dean’s dick, and Dean shudders against him, pulling Cas closer with his heels behind his back.
Anna somehow gets Castiel roped into going to Taco Tuesday. It’s not terrible, there are tacos after all, and margaritas, but Castiel wants to read up on that test next week and he really doesn’t want to sit in a booth with a bunch of his sister’s friends he doesn’t know in a crowded bar that only plays ‘Despacito’.
“Twenty-three. In May,” Cas provides. Dean nods, biting his lip. It could’ve been worse. “And you? How old are you turning today?”
“Isn’t it premiering this Thursday? I think I’ve seen the posters at the community center,” Hanna said. “We should go.”
Apparently, he had some big history presentation coming up the next day and Dean should have known better when he decided to date a nerd.
Cas leans in even closer, ghosting his lips against the shell of Dean’s ear. “Who said anything about sleeping?”
“Dean, why didn’t you tell me you did drag?” Sam sips his juice. The freak ordered pineapple and spinach juice. Dean didn’t do as great of a job of raising him as he’d thought.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Winchester! What are you doing here?” she asks, grinning so her sharp canines show against her dark purple lips.
“So yes. I will give you the time of day,” Cas says and Dean looks back up, eyes wide and hopeful. Cas smiles, just a small uptick of one corner of his mouth, reassurance. “Were you to ask.”
Castiel waves his own words off, “Or well, not ‘technically’” again with the air quotes, “I haven’t ever dated anyone before.”
This is it! I don't wanna complain about my own fic but this was supposed to be a rom-com. That clearly didn't happen lol but oh well
Dean’s been fucked in bathrooms before. Well, this exact one by this exact wonderful man, but before that too. He’d never found it hot; it had always been desperate and left Dean feeling dirty and worthless but it was never like that with Cas.
They spend the last night outside on the deck, tangled together on a sun chair and wrapped up in a blanket from inside.
“Yes, Sam,” Dean groans, “I promise I’ll have a therapist on speed-dial and a suicide chat room open at all times in the four days you’re gone. Just go, you’ll miss the bus.”
Castiel stopped behind a row of lockers, out of Dean’s view, and grabbed Charlie’s arm, “Wait,” he whispered.
Dean scowls, “Enlighten me.” He refuses to cry here, in front of her, and he tenses his jaw and channels it into anger instead.
“It’s… not like that,“ Castiel mumbled, putting his papers away in his bag, blush burning in his cheeks still. He hadn’t told Hanna about him and Dean because they’d both always been single and always agreed that high school boys were stupid. He wanted to keep his relationship with Dean to himself. Especially since they were just making fun of him. “I’m just helping him pass.”
Dean can see Sam turning towards him out of the corner of his eye, “I know he’s important to you, Dean, why do you think I agreed to let him
, which is a term that Castiel had started using all casually, like that didn't give Dean a half-hour breakdown he needed Sam to deal with, but which also is a term Dean both hates and loves. There’s been a handful of dates, a lot of studying and even more making out.
“Things have changed a bit. I have a different contract now. I have for a while actually. I don’t do… partner stuff anymore,” he tells Dean, which Dean doesn’t really know what means. Cas can tell from his squinting, “Just solo stuff. Here,” he points to where he’s seated, “In my apartment. Uhm, live stuff.”
“It’s clinical research. I mean I don’t know that much about it, they just emailed me a while back asking me to come in for an interview, so…” Dean shrugs.
“And like he said, you got the cream of the crop when it comes to gator huntin’.” He smiles, a wicked thing.
The first things Dean notices are feathers and glitter and then he’s almost hit in the face with a giant fan that someone is dancing with.
And that’s when they finally remember where they are. The alligators were clearly disturbed by their yelling, and several of the big ones are in the water now, headed for their little boat.
Meg brings the cappuccino and strudel and even a refill for Dean. She, god bless, doesn’t say anything, only lifts her eyebrows at Dean when he makes eye contact. He mentally flips her off.
“You can just tell me, I’ll be fine. I won’t like, try to find you or anything if you don’t want me to,” Dean says, and Castiel stops mentally making room for Dean’s Doritos and gator jerky in his snack drawer and zones back in.
“Well, there you go.” The doorman says. “I’ll have to ask you to step aside. There are other people waiting.”
Where Anna is reserved and Castiel is sarcastic, Gabriel stands out as the extrovert in the herd. He's the eldest, but acts the youngest. He thinks Dean is ridiculous for being in a frat, but they instantly get along. He broke up with his girlfriend this morning (for the fourth time this year according to Cas), so he’s flying solo.
“Uh, yes, well,” he pulls his coat around him and stands up straighter, “This parking spot is reserved.”
Anna explains the evenings proceedings, “You’ll be split into a main course-group and a dessert-group, and when everything is done you can either stay at enjoy your creations with us, or you can take it home in Tupperware that can be purchased.”
Dean tips his head back and laughs, and it’s embarrassing, really, how Cas’ stomach feels warm with emotion at that.
Balthazar asks Dean what his major is, how long he and Cas have been together and what it’s like being in a fraternity. In turn, Dean learns that Balthazar is an investor, is British along with Cas’ father, and never settled down because he’s still 21 in his own mind.
“Sure,” she went back to her food and Dean got up, “Have fun studying.” She said as he left and Sam and her both snickered.
“What?!” Dean asks. Like yeah, so Sam left him hanging but it’s Sam. There’s was probably some nerd documentary on the world’s largest predator on at home or some bullshit. But he feels bad for Cas. His date left because Dean couldn’t shut up for one second.
Cas squirts some lube onto his fingers from a travel-sized tube he found in Dean’s pocket. One of them always has to carry some, they’ve learned the hard way.
“Right,” Cas says, leaning his forearms on the bar while he waits for the server to get their order. “Moonshine,” he says, with a little
Castiel wastes the perfect opener that Dean just gave him, and instead of having the conversation yet, Cas focuses on something else. “We didn’t have sex,” he searches for his underwear as he says it.
“Oh!” Castiel exclaimed and held the rose out, “This is for you. Congratulations on the show.” A few petals fell off and floated to the car floor.
Dean waves both hands in front of himself, “No! We didn’t! Nothing happened, we didn’t even kiss. We just… got high and talked for a while.” His shoulders fall down. He wishes he were smaller. He feels small under Cas’ gaze. “I mean, we were gonna, I think. But then I couldn’t do that to you, and I’m just really sorry.”
The chemistry is there but Castiel is hard to read. He’s awkward and shy, and yeah Dean is fucking into it but some confirmation would be nice. Usually Dean isn’t shy to go for what he wants; he was actually kind of infamous for it in undergrad, but this, with Cas, it feels to important. If he went full speed ahead he’s worried he might just scare Cas off.
The only bad part of the trip is Anna’s dick boyfriend, but he’s quickly sailed back to the mainland when he reveals himself to be a complete asshole within the first 24 hours.
Dean flipped the channel on Cas’ TV again. It was muted but the last few minutes of Indiana Jones were on.
“God, Charlie, can you shut up?” he leaned back in his seat, rubbing his lower lip in contemplation.
That’s how you know that when two so frustratingly strong-willed individuals accept being bonded, then they must already share a much profound bond.
hasn’t unsubscribed from his profile and Castiel or Jimmy (fuck, how does this work?) uploaded something with nipple clasps and a double-ended dildo about a week ago that Dean is having a hard time over, if you catch his drift.
that belonged at the end of that sentence remained unspoken. He pulls his shoes on, stuffing the shoelaces into them. He turns and looks at Cas, who is glaring at him without blinking.
“I’ve done my sister’s makeup a few times. I used to be really twink-y back in high school,” Cas glimpses up to catch the surprised look on Dean’s face. He shrugs, “It was an aesthetic thing.”
But they’re eating chicken Parmesan and Dean is starting to run late (but he’s never been at Rainbow on time), so he’s starting to just stuff giant chunks of food into his mouth.
He doesn’t realize he has talked about Cas for thirty minutes until they park in front of Bobby’s house, and Bobby says: “Well, he sure sounds special.”
“He’d just yelled at me for flirting with his girl and then he walks in on me with a guy. You should have seen his face! He apologized for a solid half an hour, I swear,” Dean is laughing too. He usually tells these anecdotes when he wants to let the other guy know that Dean does like dick. Or if it’s a girl, that he likes vagina. Dean is open about it but number one thing he learned in undergrad was that most people don’t believe in bisexuality.
you we shouldn’t go further.” He’s not yelling but the voice is loud in the still surroundings. They both still and turn to the group of alligators on the shore behind them. One of them moves but doesn’t dip into the water.
Castiel had given him a playful smile, “I hate to be the one to remind you, Dean, but you are a grad student yourself. So what does that make you?”
Cas closes and relocks the door after him. “Why are you sulking in your room?” he asks, sitting on Dean’s bed while Dean continues pacing.
Dean’s bad mood is vanishing. “Yeah.” But he clings to a cloudy worry despite it. “But isn’t it a bit soon?”
“Friends, eh? Maybe they get mixed signals if you take them all out to nice restaurants like this one,” Dean keeps smirking. Castiel blushes deeper.
He can feel Cas stare at the side of his face. “You’re kidding, right? The ones with the flamingoes?”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is a little offending and Castiel is not sure of the odds of the note solving his problem. He looks back at the girls who are both grinning and giving him thumbs up. He nods gravely at them. This is all he can do right now and maybe the person is not a tattooed mean meninist and will see the desperation behind the note and find a new parking spot out of the goodness of his heart.
Before he can compliment Meg on it, Dean comes up to him, “Where’s your pie? I’ve been looking forward to it all evening!”
They’re tipsy on the beers and a shared bottle of wine they drank from Dixie cups in the local park while holding hands, and they keep giggling as they make their way up to the Winchester apartment on third floor, still grabbing each other’s hands and bumping into each other.
“Nuh uh,” Dean said. “Gay marriage isn’t legal in half the states and Castiel isn't even a registered person. We can’t just get human married. Besides, I bet this cupid crap is more legit anyway. There’s no such thing as a heavenly divorce, right?” Dean said.
“Right, yeah,” Dean extended a hand to help Castiel up, giving Castiel a once-over, “Isn’t this the dream?” he said rather randomly in Castiel opinion.
Sam is right; Dean never has been this strung out over schoolwork. And this is his second year of grad school. He’s not sure what has changed; he used to not care about grades or comments, as long as he passed the course. Dean thinks it might be because he’s so stressed out about the financial stuff that it tears on his focus and confidence in other areas too. God, he hates his dad for doing this and he hates his bank for letting his dad do it.
“So, did you start a new workout regime, or is there another reason you’re walking in the middle of the night?” Dean asked then.
Dean gapes but the panic is momentary before his flirt reflexes take over. Maybe because he’s been thinking something similar. He smirks, “No wonder you struggle so much with microeconomics then.”
He feels even worse after. Cas clearly doesn’t want him that way, doesn’t feel that way about him. Dean should just get over it.
Dean takes out his wallet to find his ID preemptively, letting go of Cas’ hand to do so. “Wait for me inside,” he mumbles and Castiel agrees.
Dean has a weird habit of being where Castiel is, and they both happen to cross paths with Meg quite a few times on an average day as well. They all lunch around the same time in on-campus cafeteria between the humanities and engineering buildings, they use the same areas in the library, they even work out at the same goddamn hours; Castiel firmly on a treadmill and Dean stationed in the weightlifting area. Meg usually just stretches for 10 minutes while gossiping on the phone with a girlfriend before she’s out of there again.
He looked up, shocked at their sudden appearance. His eyes went to the cherub and went south very briefly before he settled his eyes on Fate. He cleared his throat awkwardly.
He sees a couple of alligators on the shore about a hundred yards away. There’s some movement, and Cas thinks it might be young.
Castiel flushes, “I-I uh…” he stammers before he remembers Meg is right there and he’s supposed to be impressing her, “I maintain a 4.0.” He changes direction before he can bring up the scholarships. He hates bragging. “You do engineering, right? Not a light subject either.”
“I’m gone for twenty minutes and the study session turns into a therapy group? What the hell, guys?” Benny dumps the bag of snacks on the table and Charlie immediately starts digging after her candy.
Dean waits on a few more tables and punches a slimy guy who grabbed his ass in the face when Mrs. Rainbow’s not looking. Then he spends 20 minutes emptying the bowl of peanuts by the bar out of sheer misery.
Castiel doesn’t even flinch and Dean is grateful. He’s behaving like a real prick. “We can go back to mine?”
“How about your bed?” Dean grins, eyes Cas playfully. He doesn’t want to be turned away at another club, or get carded while Cas walks right in. And he was planning on ending up back there anyway.
Castiel has never really been interested in girls, but Meg has been different since the very first day of their ancient history class.
An episode of Munchies somehow turns into a Harrison Ford marathon and Dean really shouldn’t be wasting time like this, but he does feel a little better.
Dean rolled his eyes but followed Castiel, as he made his way back to a secluded area of the library. Castiel demanded Dean’s phone in prevention of setting them further back. Dean had just confessed he was failing a third class now as well, which put Castiel’s planned schedule for Dean back. There was no time for distractions.
Dean has gone over the interaction in his mind one too many times and now he honestly doesn’t know what to expect. To be on the safe side, he’s not expecting them to bang tonight. He thinks they’re just going to have dinner, complain about grad school, maybe watch a movie. But just to be safe, Dean’s not making anything with chili and he restocked his bedside table drawer with lube.
And he does. They make it out to a bar an hour later and Dean wants to spend most of the night with Cas, but he’s being detained by first Charlie and Benny, then Aaron and Carmen (Dean almost has a heart attack) and then Sam. He does shots with Jo instead and doesn’t realize till next morning that he’s too old for that now.
Dean starts reaching for his things to pack up, “Fine. Sorry. Look, I need to go,” he zips his bag and starts to get up.
“Maybe he’s used to people not wanting to be intimate with him in a genuine way. You know, because ‘he’s just a porn star’ or whatever?” Sam says.
“On Tuesday if things go as planned,” Castiel honestly doesn’t notice the waitress. Dean is secretly smug and the waitress probably knows it too.
“Everybody knows you are. But I did sleep with like three people in the year after, before we started sleeping together regularly. Or no, just two,” Cas smears something on Dean’s face, he has no idea what it is.
The bonding is ordered by Heaven, but those who know Dean and Castiel know that how it is in Heaven is not necessarily how it shall be on Earth.
“See ya later, man,” Dean acknowledged and with a last wave he made his way to the park across the school. He still had to wait for the bus that was not coming until 3.15 but the sun was out and Dean had a tennis ball to use in lieu of a foam roller for the next fifty minutes.
Dean doesn’t want to complain. It’s not his style and his friends will just call him a lazy drama queen, but man, is grad school getting to him. He actually thought he was going to have some sort of fit at work the other day, because he couldn’t stop thinking about things he should be reading, revising, researching. But he couldn’t very well let Meg or Alfie or whomever cover another shift, because the way Dean’s been giving them away lately, he and Sam will end up on the street.
Viktor raised an eyebrow at his cockiness, “Suit yourself. I’m not taking any chances. I gotta go to English.”
Dean almost thought he would die, and what a shame that would be now that he had gotten what was basically a straight out sex proposal from the one guy he never thought he’d have a chance with.
The hotel is placed in between the nearest small town and the outskirts of the bayou. To phrase it differently, in the middle of nowhere. Cas can either walk 5 miles to the town to rent a car, or walk 3 to the dock and get started. Shouldn’t be a hard choice despite whatever creatures might be out there. He decides to take his chances.
He starts on his assignment for advanced statistics even though it’s a group project and he only has Ash in his group so far. He can at least write up his notes from the class he had yesterday.
Castiel smiles serenely, apparently forgetting what was so important to discuss but he shakes his head to get back on track, “I just think we should… Well, we need to discuss boundaries, I suppose. Just with the porn and…” he fades out, his eyes wandering off to the side.
This always makes Dean self-conscious. When he was younger he always felt too young. Too young to sign permission slips and buy cough medicine for Sam. It shifted when he started college, then he always felt too old.
Dean lets go of Cas’ hand only to put it around his waist to pull him closer, and Cas puts his now free arm to good use, feeling up Dean’s warm side under his sweater.
He’ll do that the next time he sees him. Which is the movie marathon night this weekend. Should he still go to that? He has to return Dean’s books anyway. But Castiel hopes Dean will let him keep them a little longer. He’s about a third through the first one and it’s pretty awesome.
Their table mate is fucking Asshole Psych Major, and he’s on a date with some hot as fuck girl, who’s totally out of Dean’s league.
“Do they have to do that right in front of everyone?” Anna’s boyfriend says, not whispering, but meant for Anna.
Dean uses the link to pull him close and he caresses Cas’ face, nestles his fingers in his hair as he lets his palm rest against his jaw and connects their lips again.
“He’s just stressed out because you guys are fighting on top of this being his most important show so far. After the show when he’s gotten all the praise his ego needs, and the adrenaline has worn off, he’ll be fine.” Charlie reassured Castiel.
“You’re a fucking idiot.” Dean says and gets up. Dean takes a calming breath because she’s just such a fucking idiot. “And he’s not into predators, he’s into reptiles.”
“Can you cut it out, you freak?” Dean grits at him, not looking away from his piece of notebook paper, because he’s in the middle of a long-ass equation and it’s
Cas takes a step back at that, suddenly cold despite the three digit degree weather. “I don’t want to
“Right,” Dean nods. He wants to let Cas know he appreciates him opening up like this, but he’s not good at that. “Why Kansas though?”
“Aw Bobby, you’d be lonely without me,” Dean says, mostly to Bobby’s back as the older man is turned to Cas. Dean turns to him as well.
“Wait- Dean?!” Sam shrieks, and Dean is padding Cas’ lap with napkins, while Cas hides his head in his hands. What a mess.
“Charlie, I don’t care. What do you talk to strangers about? Talk to him about coding or Harry Potter. Or microbiology for all I care.” Dean wishes he didn’t snap like that. Charlie holds her hands up in defense.
He checks on Sam who hangs sickly over the porcelain bowl, “how’re ya doin’?” he says as chipper as he can muster. He feels like he’s been hit by a truck himself. Sam groans and gags.
Sam looks down. Dean is pretty sure he has something important to say but Dean doesn’t want to hear it. He wants to get drunk.
Dean sighed again, “I don’t know, Charlie. I guess get over it, watch the Notebook. Shit like that.”
Everybody knows that Charlie’s Beetle is right next to Starbucks because she always has a shift after class. Just like the spot closest to the entrance is Meg’s, so her hair is not subject to too much water in case of rain. And many of the athletes park far away from the entrance, they have reserved the whole row of spots next to each other, because they are co-dependent and view the walk to the building as a work-out.
Dean’s watching Ash destroy Ketch from his seat on the floor. Cas is sitting on the couch behind him, a leg on each side of Dean, and fingers lazily kneading Dean’s shoulders.
“Hey pumpkin,” she said and walked the step and a half over to him to kiss his cheek, “How was your training? You should eat a proper meal, you know.” She said the last part with a pointed look at the carton of chocolaty goodness in Dean’s hand.
Cas looks briefly at Sam then back to Dean. He runs a finger absent-mindedly over Dean’s full cheek, “I’m used to seeing him with his mouth full.”
, fuck, but Charlie had promised to join him, and Benny said he might too, and he figures he can persuade them to bring coffee since neither is here yet.
Castiel squinted, mulling it over. He turned to look at Sam and Kevin who were still bowling. He turned back around and squinted at his hands a bit harder. Then he looked at Dean and chewed his lower lip a bit. “I… Suppose.” He said not even breaking eye contact with Dean.
Castiel knits his eyebrows together in consideration, “And here you are, a grad student. You must be proud.”
Benny understands, “We get it, no porn. We’ll read up on Wikipedia’s microbiology.” He starts the next game and Dean could kiss him for it.
The next morning Castiel wakes to an empty hut. He’s feeling a little disoriented and takes in the made bed across from him. He frowns at it and hurries to get dressed.
Dean tips back in his chair because years of falling on his ass in classrooms have taught him nothing, “I need a break.”
Hopefully the length of the foreplay can make up for the three minutes the actual intercourse takes. Cas would be embarrassed, well he is embarrassed, but he’d be more embarrassed if Dean hadn’t painted the shower wall with his own release about 90 seconds into it, completely untouched.
“Well, Gabriel just laughed, and Anna asked how we even met, because she thinks I’m a loser who can’t make friends,” Cas says, rolling his eyes.
fondly before he can even try to stop himself. Dean doesn’t know if Castiel comes from money or if this is all attributed to porn.
“Clarence, you made it!” she smirks at him, “Dean and I are doing main course. What group did you get in?”
They chuckle, eyes meeting over the table. Castiel doesn’t reply for a while and they eat in silence. Dean wonders if he shouldn’t have brought it up. He knows Cas isn't too comfortable with his own position.
They sit in silence then for a while and it’s not uncomfortable despite the note it started on, and they keep playing footsie and sharing the milkshake, until Dean’s phone interrupts them.
But not this guy. This guy who arrives early and leaves late all days but Tuesday, who has engineering books and blankets and Goldfish (and once a pair of pink satin panties) in his backseat, and who could be a girl but Castiel has just sort of pictured him as a guy.
“Shit,” Dean mutters when the darkness surrounds him. He stands still for a few seconds, barely breathing.
Cas! Dean has told me so much about you, it’s so nice to finally meet you.” And now Sam’s smirking is over and he’s looking all excited and Dean hates him because he’s told him two things about Cas, and that is that he’s a grad student and that he’s hard to read.
“You’re exaggerating,” Benny says, rolling his eyes. And Dean might be. He does have some hilarious memories from those trips. But still.
“Dean,” Cas runs two fingers under Dean’s chin, making Dean face him. “I want you to move in with me.”
Dean frowned harder, a headache creeping across his forehead as he looked at Castiel, “You’re the one who just said you don’t have time if I’m not buying it!” he tried to ignore how his voice rose in volume, unproportionate in the small space of the car. He wasn’t sure why he was trying for a fight in this way.
He means to turn to leave but he’s too slow, he contemplates for too long, and then a waitress behind him says ‘Takeaway ready for Milton’, and Cas and the pretty girl get up, the girl still laughing and she clings to him, and Dean
He gets a guffaw, and Cas doesn’t stop laughing until they’re back at the table and deciding not to try and explain the joke to Cas’ friends.
Castiel had never been one for social initiative, especially not sexually, and he wasn’t supposed to date in high school, and he certainly wasn’t supposed to fall for Dean Winchester.
Cas must notice the change in his mood. “You know, if you want to make a good impression, there’s still time to change out of the lime green flip flops.”
“Shut up. You probably spend your Saturday nights in the lab anyway, nerd,” he responds with any heat to it.
“I can't pretend like I agree with that lifestyle,” the boyfriend says, still keeping his voice down like everyone isn’t staring at him.
His words registered then, and Castiel stopped picking his stuff up and lifted his head to look at the guy, mouth open, “You’re…”
Castiel just waved her off and she rolled her eyes before going. Castiel couldn’t see them but he could hear them rather clearly.
When Charlie offers him more shots Dean shakes his head and makes his way to the other end and sits down next to Cas.
“Well, we figured… since you and Cas came back right in time for it… We just wanted to be supportive,” Benny says.
“Cas…” he says softly, just before reaching for the door. He wants to apologize. God, he doesn’t want it to be like this. To end like this.
“You two are twins?” Dean asks dumbfounded, and Castiel isn’t paying attention and just smiles awkwardly up at Dean.
“I know, sweetie. But not in the winter,” Dean jokes. But not really. Cas pinches Dean’s thigh lightly and finally sits up.
Now it’s not like Castiel packed lube and condoms for a business trip, but after the development in his and Dean’s relationship, he’d picked some up. Especially after Dean had whispered that he should, one evening after he’d driven him home and they fogged up the jeep and swapped handies.
Castiel smiled to himself before locking eyes with Dean and reaching his hand out to rest on top of Dean’s, “Me too.”
“I’m going to be a dancer - a musical performer,” Dean nodded to convince Castiel that this was a plan - not a dream - as well, “That’s why I spend so much time on training. But I guess I have to keep up with the boring stuff too, huh?”
Dean looked at him and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, “I know, I know. I’m sorry. It’s very sweet of you,” he grinned and accepted the rose.
As Sam made his way out of the room, Dean mumbled “And you’re such a bitch,” after him. He looked at himself in the mirror again and regretted how much he cared about his stupid outfit. Castiel probably wouldn’t even notice anyway.
Castiel blushes, suddenly self-conscious, and runs his hands through his hair, wanting it to fall back the way it naturally does.
It’s quiet, and a little dark from all the trees. “But I’ve lived here my whole life, and the only place I’ve consistently found babies, year after year, was ‘round here.”
major. There are no labs. But time spent in the library is better than spending valuable educational years playing beer pong in a house full of dudes.”
“You usually know exactly what girl you want to kiss at midnight. But I'm guessing there's no one around you want right now?” Benny asks.
boss he doesn’t want to bother, “The case is I just- I don’t get back until I have my first final on Wednesday. I’d like to hear from you while I’m gone.” He hands the coffee sleeve that had been around his cappuccino to Dean, 10 digits written neatly on one side.
Dean sighs and closes his laptop. His productivity of the day has reached a rate of rapid descend but his thermos of coffee is still half full (look at him staying positive, though).
“I’m taking Textual History,” he nods towards the door that Cas just left through. “And I’m about to be late for it.”
“Right,” Sam plops down on the couch, squeezing Dean with his enormous body and Dean scoots over, “What did you do all weekend?”
upset, I know you are. And we were just in a fight. It’s not like… Things weren’t final between us or anything.” Dean explains.
At 6PM sharp Castiel arrives on Sam and Dean’s doorstep, despite Dean’s offer to pick him up at his place. Dean’s dropped him off there before but he’s never been inside. Even from outside Dean can tell it’s a lot nicer than his and Sam’s place.
“’Roundabout way’” Dean mocks, air quotes and all, because there’s no way he trusts his nosy friends to not bring it up after going to a club where it’s three jägerbombs for a tenner.
Ash makes a decision without him, “I’m gonna go,” and then he gets up. He goes to the kitchen to clear out the bong and packs it away before coming into Dean’s room again, leaning against the doorframe.
“Cas, come one! It’s your turn!” Sam, the forever cock-block bitch little brother, yelled then, and Castiel left without further comment.
“Alright,” Dean says, smirking. They get to the channels branching out from the river, and he asks “How do you feel about letting the gators be today?”
Charlie rolls her eyes, “But how do you know him? Who is he? Hello? I feel like you’re missing 90% of the story here.”
The only downside was that while he was sitting in the kitchen with his mom, eating the celebratory cookies, she had brought up the obvious.
Castiel mulled it over. Maybe the break in-between two acts of Dean’s show wasn’t the most obvious time and place to be making up. There were scouts from some of the performing arts colleges, Dean had told him. Dean didn't need the distraction.
Cas accepts it and hands Dean his beer. Dean takes a few steps back to give him space to aim, and when he finds his eyes roaming Cas’ backside, he’s pretty sure he’s just checking his stance, not checking him out.
Dean puts his hand over the phone’s microphone, “You wanna hang out? Watch a movie or something?” he asks.
The telling off from Bobby doesn’t come though. There’s silence between them for a beat before Bobby asks, “You in financial trouble, son?”
Dean twirls the drink in his solo cup. He’s switched to soda. It’s nice to be outside in the cool air, the night sky black above them.
“Sammy wants to come over this weekend but I have shows Friday and Saturday. Would you mind, like… entertaining him or whatever on those nights?” He’s holding the phone away from his face, but judging from the tinny whine Sammy can still hear him.
Without looking up Hanna replied: “Do you want to practice the answers together tonight?” Then she looked up at him, “Oh right, you have tutoring on Mondays. Tomorrow, then?”
Castiel smiles shyly back and shakes his head, “I haven’t, actually. I did see the Hobbit with my brother when it came out though.”
“Okay?” Gabriel says, looking confused. He smiles playfully, ready with another joke. “Oh my god, is this the first time you’ve fucked a 21-year old? I know you rode the virgin train well into senior year of college.” He chuckles.
He yawns and it morphs into a smile while he does his business. Castiel spent the night and he’s gorgeous in the morning and they told each other things about their families (which is something Dean usually keeps far,
“Hey Caaaaas? Baby, where are you?” Dean walks into their – now shared (well, it’s been for a while but Cas’ old room is now officially a guest bedroom/office) – bedroom to find him on their bed, wearing nothing but one of Dean’s sweatshirts, which is huge on him, reading Vonnegut and Dean feels warmth open like a flower in his chest and he can't help but think to himself that he’s been spending too much time with the queens.
She dumps her book bag on the floor next to Dean’s chair and takes a seat next to him before leaning forwards on her elbows on the table. She flutters her eyelashes at him, “So? You exchange nudes with him yet?”
Dean throws his arms around Cas’ neck, kissing him again, and Cas figures, nah, they’re not scared of love confessions, as Dean mutters “I love you” into every kiss.
“Listen I’m sorry about what I said out there. You’re not a lame professor. You’re actually really interesting. And you can stare at me all you want.”
The man tells him: “I’m Bobby singer, just call me Bobby. I work for Florida Fish and Wildlife. Are you staying at the Bayou hotel or in a hut?”
Charlie leans on the counter across from him, sipping hot chocolate, “He your ex-boyfriend or something?”
He can feel Sam and Bobby staring at him too. He doesn’t know why they all care suddenly. Dean pretty much
“I’ve seen a lot of it,” he looks down at his hands “you were my favorite, you know.” He swallows and looks up at Cas, meeting his eyes, “But I don’t watch it anymore, Cas. I haven’t since I got to know you.”
Castiel realizes that him and Dean are almost having a gosh darn moment and he shakes himself out of it, “We’re here with Meg.”
Dean really wants to know what he said, but he’s certainly not going to ask. He doesn’t know any of these people. He hopes Cas will ask but he, apparently, doesn’t find it to be his place either.
While Dean rinses out their bowls and glasses Castiel slips out of his Fjällräven shorts and unbuttons his shirt. He feels a little exposed in just his boxers, but he doesn’t think he’d be able to fall asleep in his sweaty clothes that smell like lemon grass. Dean drops a bowl while washing up and curses under his breath. Castiel just gets under the covers, pulling them up to his shoulders.
Balthazar waves him off and grabs both of their duffel bags out of the trunk without asking, leaving Dean and Cas awkwardly empty-handed as they walk down the dock.
Sam talks about how much he hates corporate law and asks if Dean will check Jess’ social media to see what she’s up to, since Sam deleted her and Dean turns to look for the beer he ordered.
“Hey, you coming to Jody’s thing later?” Dean asks then. He grabs the hockey mask, getting ready to pull it down as he can hear the next group getting closer.
It occurs to Dean that those words usually mean break-up and he now notices the worry in Cas’ eyes. He can’t live with that, so he gets up from the chair and walks over to Cas instead. But he can’t stay seated anyway.
Cas doesn’t even say anything, he just turns Dean around and leads him straight to the bedroom, where Dean
Castiel looked up at her then. Dean’s show. It was soon. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten about it. “His show?”
Castiel tips his head to one side, frowning in confusion, “Had what wrong?” Dean’s butterflies multiply.
Cas moves his hands up further, slowly and surely and Dean breathes hard against Cas’ neck when he keeps
Dean chuckles. Cas is so not that type of business major. You know, with the country clubs and the golf and the yachts, and what have you. He’s the nerdy type. “Right. The dude wears converse all stars.”
Dean knows they should head home. People are probably arriving. But Sam is there, and everyone there knows each other. He’s not ready to share Cas just yet.
Dean frowned at the wheel and then finally turned his head to look at Castiel, “Why won’t you have time?”
“I know I’m not part of that scene, but you are, so I care! I tell you about new stands at the farmer’s market, but it’s not like you’re going to go to a farmer’s market three hours away! Or
Bela’s demeanor turns downright vicious, and her voice is low and full of anger as she points at the door behind Dean, “Get out!”
Castiel just flees but Dean makes his order and is told it’s already been paid for before Cas can make it out the door, and Dean looks up to see what beneficial stranger granted him free coffee. He’s smiling until he sees it’s Cas and then his expression folds into one of confusion. He lifts his cup of black coffee in salute or maybe a thank you. Castiel just leaves, trying to cover his blushing cheeks with his home-knitted scarf.
Dean chuckles, then takes a step closer to the guy as a couple of freshmen girls step up to the bar to mix drinks. “Sure do. So how do you entertain yourself on a night like this if you don’t like dancing or making out with strangers?”
“We both have scholarships, and we have a relative that helps us out. Honestly, with grad school it has gotten a little tight because I can’t work as much. I worked three jobs in undergrad.” Dean gestures for Cas to take a seat at the table and then opens the fridge, “What do you want to drink? I bought wine but I wasn’t sure if you like it or even drink, so I have beer, water, some flat coke from last weekend and Sam’s nasty multi-juice.”
He smiled at all the best men and ignored the wink from Gabriel as he stopped in front of the cherub.
“Please, babe, trust me, it’s not you. I- I’ve never told Bobby and Ellen, okay? That I’m… That I like guys too or whatever. They’re southern, you know, and my dad didn’t exactly take it well when he found out about it.” Dean looks down at their joined hands. He doesn’t know what to do because of course he wants the world to know that Cas is his but he can’t fucking do this to Bobby. He’s already too much of a fuck-up.
Thankfully there’s a big jug of water on the table outside and Castiel fills his glass from it. Dean does too. Castiel compliments the food when he’s tried it and then they eat in silence for a while, processing the day.
Ash goes into Dean’s room while Dean gets beer from the kitchen. When he gets back Ash is sitting on the floor, back against the bed and has already fired up the first bowl.
“It’s not similar, Dean, just relax. I’ve never seen you this worried about school stuff before and this isn’t even the final exam
“And he’s into predators. Huh? What if that’s a clue?” She says then, leaning back against the couch, crossing her arms across her chest, still smirking.
“Yeah, okay, I hear how that sounds, but I don’t mean he owes me. It’s not about the porn at all. I just don’t get him.” He mumbles. He feels like a fucking douche now.
When he starts shoving his hand down Cas’ (but really his) sweatpants, Cas stills his hand. Dean meets his eyes. “Are you still freaking out?”
The girl looks at Dean and at Sam behind him, biting her lip. Then she leans towards Dean, “I have a table for four that’s occupied by one couple. I could ask them if they mind sharing their table, if it’s okay with you?”
, with the attitude. You can start making this up to me for paying for my glass of wine, and I’ll see you tomorrow for squash.” And then he leaves.
Castiel is actually the one to blush then, “Sorry. I’m just… I’m glad I met you, Dean. I don’t make friends easily.”
“Uhm," Castiel fiddles with his hands. He is not good at this. No, scratch that; he is notoriously bad at this. But he thinks he could be reading this right. And if he is not, he will creep the guy out and Castiel can only hope he will have creeped him out enough to get his spot back. But he hopes he has not misread this. "Dinner?” Castiel asks, tilting his head in that way that makes Meg say 'Sploosh.'
If he hadn’t been with Cas, Dean would have missed the place completely. It’s a narrow two story house, in between two shops. It’s just a normal door, and it says “Cain’s” on it. There’s a few other people walking in, a doorman carding them in the door.
Jimmy takes his own finished shitty, powdered milk-cappuccino and looks up at Dean while he takes the first sip. He winces when he burns his tongue and Dean unconsciously registers what a dorky move that was from someone so hot.
Dean lick his lips, feels his cheeks warm. “Not what? A fairy?” he can’t help the teasing tone that befalls his voice at the last question.
Cas doesn’t have a beer belly or anything. He doesn’t drink beer for one, and two he runs almost everyday back home. And he knows he has a pretty good body for being 39. Meg certainly tells him enough. But it’s the “for being 39” that’s the problem. Because Dean’s body is good. For being 21. And that’s just a whole other grade. His skin is smooth, it’s soft, it’s pulled tight in all the right places, not to mention covered in freckles and farmer tans
That prompted the guests to disperse to raid the buffet and catch up with people whom had been dead for a while.
“Yeah, that’s grad school, huh? Thought I’d get some down time after finals but nope,” he’d pulled out the chair across from Cas and sat down. Castiel had sent him a look that told him he agreed.
Dean’s pulling Cas’ shirt off and Cas lifts Dean onto the counter, coming to stand in between his legs.
“Heeey, Dean-O,” Meg drawls when Dean makes his way to the counter. Dean hates Meg. They make out every single time they get drunk together but that’s just because Dean likes making out.
“Okaaay,” Hanna leaned back in her chair, still trying to get Castiel to at least somewhat engage in their conversation. “Are you going to get another student to tutor?”
He has a double at the coffee house the next day because he has to pay rent somehow and he apparently looks stressed enough that even
Dean scratches the back of his neck and checks for listening ears around him before leaning over the table, closer to Charlie. “I went home with a dude last night.”
His hands make quick work of Castiel’s belt and fly, while he shoots Cas the most obscene look that Cas has ever seen. His lips are wet and swollen, his eyes darkened in lust, he smirks at Cas over his belt buckle and Castiel’s dick actually twitches like he’s a damn teenager.
He figured he’d start with answering Dean’s immediate question, so he gestured to the sidewalk in front of him with the half-dead rose, “Uhm… Walking.”
“No, I don’t know,” he steals a new muffin because he's decided the only logical way to deal with this situation is comfort eating after all. And cancelling his subscription to the porn site Jimmy works for.
But Dean could not sit still for long. He never was able to. And soon, what started as a jittery foot, became a full-on stomp concert with pens and pencils and even the wheels under his chair rolling on the carpet.
they’re not gonna let that shit fly. They’ll give your part to Bartholomew or something!” he wrinkled his upper lip in disgust at the mere idea.
But then Sam asks about Cas because Dean spilling one thing apparently means they’re turning this into a chick flick. Might as well put on The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Dean threw his leather jacket at Sam to hang up with his three outer layers, and went to the bar to check in.
“When do you get your comments?” Dean asks. He pretends not to notice the interested glance the waitress shoots Castiel.
But after a while, they mesh together and Dean ends up on his back, Castiel sprawled half on top of him and he has really sharp elbows but also very soft lips so it’s okay. It doesn’t heat up again, but Dean thinks they need to start slow.
Castiel smiles back and then his eye catches onto Meg at the counter. She’s not even pretending like she’s not eavesdropping, “Preferably somewhere with less of an audience.”
“I’m really okay,” Castiel said, shaking his head at Dean’s offer. Having Dean buy him treats would be weird. Pep talk or not, he was pretty sure the private school student did not like him very much.
The comment earns him a chuckle and then they stare at the screen for a few minutes, neither one talking, until Castiel says, “That Wash looks very familiar. He reminds me of my mentor.”
Dean is lying on Cas’ bed, throwing a nerdy stress ball from the LGBT club into the air and catching it again while he watches Cas drying off after his shower.
“You don’t think they would approve of you?” Castiel asks, tipping his head to the side with the question.
Not only was this his first big match - one that actually mattered for plot, and one which importance had been stressed by Fate herself at the last staff meeting - but this was also the assignment that was supposed to finally earn him a high rank. He was sick of Tinder matches that dissolved after a week - not good resume stuff.
“I can drop you off if you don’t mind picking Sammy up first,” Dean says, and Cas takes the deal, and kisses Dean once more in the dark before they exit the graveyard and find their way back to the lit up road hand in hand.
Mary Winchester, Dean’s mom, had sounded nice on the phone when she’d called. She had found his number on the middle school’s info board and her eldest was failing two classes, and though he was busy with performing arts, Mrs. Winchester would like to clear out some of his schedule for academia. With the promise of two times two-hour sessions a week,
“Thanks for coming out with us,” Cas says, turning to lean his back on the bar and face Dean. “I know it must be intimidating to meet my friends.”
Sam sits up straighter to actually catch his eye, “Why is it so hard for you to accept accomplishments?”
Castiel shrugs, mood kind of destroyed at realizing he’d been invited on some threesome date by Meg and then ended up as the third wheel anyway. He wonders what Meg’s text to Dean must’ve included. Triple x’s perhaps?
“It was good to see you, man. If things don’t work out with your fella, you should give me a call. Or even if they do, and you want me to beat your ass at Diablo for old times’ sake.”
. Jimmy steps to the side to hang out around the pick-up area and Dean lets Charlie take the next customer’s order while he goes to make the cappuccino.
In the end it turns out to be a lot of fun, and Benny and Dean are invited back as a duo the next week. They even make 100 dollars between them, which they instantly buy shots with, and everyone ends up getting spectacularly drunk, and Dean vaguely remembers Cas fucking him in the bathroom stall in the club. When Ruby catches them on their way out, she laughs, “You’ll fit right in here!”
This time Cas’ other hand finds its way up Dean’s chest, over his shoulder and into the hair at the nape of his neck.
“Well, I’m out of here, loverboys. See ya this weekend,” she grins at them while she walks backwards towards the exit where her friends usually hang out near the smoking area.
Dean stood up then, grinning at their stupid game, “I can’t think without food! Cas, I need the muffin!”
Sam sighs, knowing that Dean exaggerates because he’s frustrated, “Maybe he just wants to wait before he gets intimate with someone?” he suggests.
They’re well underway and Dean has already done the pole tricks he was supposed to so him and Glamorama are sauntering into the audience, shaking it and lip syncing to
After that Castiel and his stupidly hot date go back to talking about something that Dean doesn’t understand, but he thinks he heard something about theoretical models and some German sounding name, and he is so goddamn dumb.
That evening Dean came home late after rehearsals. He dumped his schoolbag on the floor in the hallway, shouting an “I’m home!” to his mom and Sam in the kitchen before making for his bedroom.
It becomes time for Dean’s graduation much sooner than he was prepared for and Dean is fucking nervous. He keeps pacing the living room floor and Sam eventually groans out loud from his spot on his couch.
“What?” Dean tries to look over the shoulder of the doorman, trying to see if Cas is nearby. “My boyfriend just went in there!”
“Right,” Dean agrees. He’s heard Bobby’s drunken laughter a couple of times over the last hour and he’s pretty sure he caught Cas tipping over a chair earlier. Sam has already cried twice.
He shakes himself out of it, “Well, anyway. It was nice to meet you. I have a study-group thing I gotta get to.” He makes an awkward half-wave after him as he goes.
Castiel’s grand romantic ending did not go according to plan. He had let Charlie and Hanna go, meaning his ride was gone. Then he’d lingered in the hallways until he got creepy stares for not talking to anyone and sweating bullets while mumbling to himself.
“Ah shit, sorry,” he says to Cas, Charlie and the barista, and then orders. Charlie goes with them to the pick up zone, sending Cas curious looks.
“We’ll keep close together,” Dean assures him, entwining his arm with Cas’, and opening the squeaking gate to take the first few steps onto the gravel path.
Castiel rolled his eyes but let out a huff of a laugh, “No doubt. But I was referring to the whole load of whites he turned pink yesterday, and the several hours he spent purposefully putting my notes in the wrong folders.”
“I’m gen X” Cas says, looking from Charlie to Dean, a confused wrinkle between his brows that Dean wants to kiss.
Dean offers to go with her when he sees how disappointed she gets when no one wants to. She only hesitates for a moment before accepting.
“God, I’m so sorry, I don’t know why I said that. This is awkward, I really didn’t mean anything by it,” Dean apologizes. He gets chills down his spine, worrying that Cas will be upset.
“Do you want anything to drink? A snack?” Castiel asks, taking on an awkward host-role, and Dean gets the notion that maybe Dean hasn’t been invited over before simply because Cas doesn’t invite people over.
. Or was?” Castiel shook his head at himself, “It still important to me, but I’m not sure if he’ll talk to me.”
“Coward,” she said and closed the door. The two girls started making their way towards the front entrance and Castiel cursed under his breath before getting out and running to catch up to them.
Dean rolled his eyes and laid back down on Cas’ bed. Cas had asked him to come over and hang out, but Dean had been there for 40 minutes and Castiel had barely looked at him yet.
Dean opens the door to one of the huts, it’s not even locked. He gets a match from a small table just inside the door and lights three gas lamps before turning off the flash light.
He pushed off the table, cheeks aflame, “Sorry! Didn’t mean to squish you there,” he stammered, trying to regain equilibrium.
Castiel bites his lip around a smile. “Well, Dean, if you had a porn persona, I’d still prefer you, too.”
The crowd is cheering at first, but then they realize that Dean is a moron and some start booing and Benny finally looks behind him to see his stage sista frozen in place.
Dean smiles back but then something hits him, “Wait, haven’t you ever dated anyone while you were in porn before?” Dean’s pretty sure some of the videos on Cas’ site date back about five years.
Dean cuts him off, “I just mean I don’t deserve it like Sam do. He's worked for this shit his whole life. You know, he’ll do great things. I’ve only gotten this far because no one has seen through my bullshit yet.”
Dean is hardly surprised when he notices Sam, Cas, Jo and Charlie all sitting at a table right in front of the stage the next night.
Bobby and Ellen got into town this morning, barely on speaking terms because they can’t be in a confined space together for more than an hour before harmless banter turns into bickering turns into full on fighting. Of course they took the same car. Of course they got married three years ago. They’re stupid and Dean loves them.
39, and also Dean’s only customer these weeks, he also can’t help but think what a horrible argument that is.
“Nah, brother, you know I don’t get the discount. You get it,” Benny grins because he knows he’s got Dean there and Dean glowers but gets up.
Cas gently nudges Dean. “What would you like?” He gestures to the counter where a barista looks impatient.
“Get me a Gatorade,” Dean says. Charlie requests gum drops. “Oh, and can you buy M&M’s? Cas probably wants chocolate.” Dean asks. Cas had a class to attend but is joining them for comp amendment later.
“Fuck you, Gabe,” she says and gets up. “Come on, I gotta talk to you,” she says to her boyfriend, and they leave.
“Listen, Cas isn’t like Carmen. He’s not gonna tell you funny stories or shit like that,” Dean says. He’s starting to regret inviting Cas. His friends don’t have a filter and what little filter they have is easily drunk off by alcohol. He doesn’t want Cas to be uncomfortable and he doesn’t want Cas to think that Dean has been telling everything he’s said to his friends, because he’s been very careful with that. Cas is a private person and Dean gets that.
Castiel gives the patented Grad Student Sigh and rubs his index finger against one temple, “I don’t remember what the floor my apartment looks like because every inch is covered in literature and notes, and I don’t remember the last time I had a proper meal. I suppose that all is par for a grad student, so in that sense it’s going well.”
Castiel actually perks up and slams his laptop shut like he was just waiting for an excuse, “I have time!” He says perkily and then blushes. “I mean, I can make time. Or, well, yes, I’d like to, eh, ‘grab a bite’,” he says while trying to gather his notes and make air quotes at the same time.
Dean checks his own phone and ignores the notifications in favor of the clock. It’s 9PM and Dean has done fuck all on his Specific Aims or literature list and he’s working a double tomorrow. “Fuck, yeah, I should have left like three hours ago!”
For all his redeeming qualities, Cas sure had an attitude, and Dean was half scared to tell him the bad news.
Castiel was typing away on his laptop when Dean made it back to his room, “You started without me?” Dean joked.
The cargo shorts are hung low on the boy’s hips and god, is he going commando or what is going on there? Castiel swallows and averts his gaze. He doesn’t look back at the young man until Bobby gestures to him.
Dean looks mock-offended, “Dude, you have to read them. I have them in my room, we could go grab ‘em real quick, if you’re not busy?”
“Two bottles of the white, the crisp one, and five glasses, please,” Castiel orders at the bar. He turns to Dean “Are you sure you don’t want a beer?”
Final week starts next week and Dean’s first final is Monday fucking morning because the universe hates him.
Dean rolled his eyes but smiled at Cas, “You’re a fucking moron. If it was just to get out of studying then why would I ask you to come over? Just because you’re tutoring me it doesn’t mean I don’t want to spend time with out. I
There was some silence and Dean fumbled with the radio, then turned it off when he couldn’t get back from the static stations. He started whistling instead. Castiel leafed through some boring-looking work sheets.
They eat lunch at a small diner that smells like grease and they don’t hold hands but it’s okay as Dean smiles all shy over his cherry coke. Castiel tries not to blush every time Dean puts the straw in his mouth, which has Dean doing all sorts of inappropriate things to the straw and his fries, his burger, even his poor napkin.
Castiel grumbles but does as he’s asked. Once the apples are sizzling in the pan and the aroma from the cinnamon spreads around him, he calms down a little. He doesn’t even hear Dean and Meg’s flirting anymore. He doesn’t hear Dean slide up next to him to lean his elbows on the counter, either. It isn’t until Dean is leaning over to look into the pan, and into Cas’ line of vision, that he notices him.
Castiel chuckles too and his eyes are shining from the wine and the TV light, “He’s quite a character.”
“It’s a bit primitive, I know,” Dean says behind him. He’s out of his shirt and Castiel quickly averts his eyes, unprepared for a half-naked Dean in the soft glow of the petroleum lamps. His hands grow clammy.
Dean spends the rest of the morning pacing the living room floor and checking bank statements until he has to leave for an 8am class.
“You’re still a little behind there, Clarence,” Meg nods at three shots lined up at Cas’ elbow. Cas turns to them and, one after one, he downs them, not pausing for salt or citrus even once.
“We’d starve to death,” Cas argues, yet he scoots closer, trying to avoid his now limp dick slipping out.
“D-Do you want your muffin?” Castiel asked after another minute of silence and Dean looked up at him.
“Sure thing, handsome,” she grins darkly, like she can see completely through Dean, which she probably can. But it’s part of the game, and the fact she accepted means she’s playing. Dean does a mental victory fist. She grabs his phone when he holds it out to her and codes her contact info in before she looks up at Castiel, “You’ll come too, right, Clarence?”
Meg is one of those cool girls. She smokes and listens to loud music in the library and she wears dark lip colors that make her look demonic, which Castiel believes to be the point. She kicked the star quarterback in the groin for breaking her best friend’s heart. She’s a badass. But she always smiles at Castiel, even though he wears a trench coat and majors in history, and hasn’t even seen the
Castiel shuffled into the room and leaned against the arm of the couch. He chose the tassel of a throw pillow to fiddle with next, “And the premiere is this spring.”
Dean barely hears it and he certainly doesn’t get it. He squints confusedly at Cas, who’s looking down, “Uh, okay. Yeah, you’re pretty great.”
Eventually they’re out of the bayou and find themselves on a clear lake. There are birds and other things and the mosquitoes they won’t be rid off. But it’s miles different from the muddy waters they’ve associated with for the past weeks.
It had been just a few days before the Specific Aims due date and Dean had been at Coffee and Eat studying with Aaron, a fellow grad student and also (awks) ex-boyfriend, and Castiel had been studying by himself, two tables over.
“Huh,” Benny says, like that just occurred to him. And great, just what Dean needs. “Wouldn't it be nice if you could just kiss him at midnight then?” he says, laughing at his stupid joke.
Cas licks his lip and looks kind of uncomfortable. Dean had almost forgotten that Cas is actually shy. “On Thursday?”
“You don’t have anything to worry about,” Castiel says softly, caressing Dean’s knuckles with a thumb, “You already passed.”
Dean gets as far as “What’s-“ before Cas is off Dean, off the bed and out of the bedroom, leaving Dean in the thin covers. How’s that for rejection? The guy didn’t even say where he was going.
Dean stops his tantrum to consider. He’s never been back to Cas’ place, and lord knows he’s been dying to. He’d hoped that it would’ve been under better circumstances than these but he’ll take what he can get.
“No, I mean- It’s not that I don’t want to see you, but are you sure you’re okay to drive?” Cas asks.
Dean slams the stapler into the wall, missing the soft part of the balloon that instead pops loudly.
Castiel leaned back in his seat and exhaled through his nose before looking at Dean. “Trying,” he said, but he did not seem mad at Dean anymore.
Dean swallowed, “Really?” He glanced down before looking back up at Castiel, “I thought I’d fucked it all up.”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A bright light shone between them, where the arrow connected them. It grew brighter as soul and grace laced together, and exploded in starry glitter as they snapped back into place.
Castiel screams the first time an alligator nudges the boat, splashing water onto Castiel’s sandals. Dean pulls him closer, so they’re chest to chest, his arm around Cas’ lower back. “It’s alright,” he murmurs, “We’ll be alright, now.”
“Whatever,” Dean mumbled, finally catching Castiel’s lips with his own and pressing a thigh between his legs.
“If he is, I got a rainbow headband that I got at last year’s pride if you want it,” Victor says and they both laugh.
Dean is hanging posters in the cafeteria when he hears them. He hears Castiel first, actually, that unmistakingly low rumble of his disrupting Dean’s line of thought.
“And doing molly at burning man. It was like being 25 again,” Gabriel finishes. “That was pretty much how my summer went.”
They’re on the other side of one of the aquariums, slightly obscured by the waves and the underwater plants, but Dean would recognize that dark hair and pale skin anywhere.
Likewise, the spot behind the founding father statue has been Castiel’s for the past two years. He does not have a reason, not in the same way the others do. He parked his sweet sixteen Lincoln Continental there on his very first day of college, and it had been the best first day of school in his something umpteenth first schooldays. So he had parked there the day after, and the day after as well, and the only day he did not park there was the only time he has ever failed a test. So yes, that’s his spot, for no other reason than a superstition you will not get him to admit to out loud.
There are only a few guests, and Dean wants to get the food and go back to Charlie’s without any distractions but then he hears a familiar voice and without even meaning to, he turns his head in its direction.
But something about the way Cas says it makes the scoff that normally would have come out of Dean disappear, makes him think about those words. Because Dean has worked hard to get Sam to where he is and he still works hard to get him where he needs to go. Has made a lot of compromises at his own expense. It’s his life work. Maybe he just feels bad because he’s prioritizing things for himself too. Like a degree.
After dinner Cas helps Dean with the dishes despite his protests. Dean secretly appreciates it, he hates doing the dishes, and it honestly wouldn’t have been below him to just leave them to Sam. Yeah, he’s an asshole, what else is new.
Cas is jacking Dean off in his panties all the way to the bathroom, where they pretty much wrestle each other into one of the filthy stalls.
Dean looks up at Cas, red-faced no doubt, and breathing heavily, “Huh? No! Fuck, I fucking forgot half my shitty compendium at the fucking library!”
He doesn’t entertain any crazy ideas that Dean is a virgin, you don’t look like that, act like that and don’t get laid. But he’s planning on taking his time with this anyway.
“What are your plans for spring break?” Cas asks, shrugging on a plaid flannel. It’s two weeks away.
He leaves, shutting the door behind him with a soft click. He presses the elevator button with numb hands. As he waits for it tensions creeps from his shoulders down his spine, and he feels like his stomach has dropped from his gut. The elevator arrives and he’s lucky it’s empty because he’s only allowed to feel the hotness behind his eyes in the minute and a half it takes to reach the ground floor.
Dean tries not to glare sullenly at him, “I know Cas, I was in class, remember? I’m just saying it bullshit.”
?” Dean asked, as his resolution at the beginning of each semester was to do more homework but he never made it past one month. If even the first week.
Castiel doesn’t step back when Dean steps into the hallway and they end up standing very close. Dean looks expectantly up at Cas, wondering what he wants. Don’t they have some place to be? Should they go back inside? Ask Sam to leave instead…
Cas. Is. Sweating. He takes off his bucket hat and wipes the droplets from his hairline with the back of his hand
The booth has been filled with two drag queens – Abaddon and Cain, as well as a few other guests that Dean doesn’t recognize.
Dean licks syrup off his lip before looking down to cut up more pancake, “We exchanged numbers, and we’ve been texting. Then he invited me over yesterday.”
He has the sleeve but he’d typed the number into his phone the second Crowley had left, and he scrolls for the C’s, pauses at ‘Cas’ before chickening out and pressing ‘Charlie’.
A smirk was fixed on Dean’s face, one that fooled Viktor into thinking he was still paying attention, when in reality, he was looking through the glass double doors at the girls stretching in the smaller gym.
Cas licks his lips and clears his throat, shifting before focusing back on Dean. “Dean, can I ask you something?”
“Oh,” Castiel says, looking utterly surprised, like it was unthinkable that Dean was here on Valentine’s Day with his brother.
Castiel looked up confused, and then a little surprised. He eyes flickered to the towel around Dean’s waist and back to his laptop screen. He cleared his throat, “I was reviewing some history notes.”
“I will give you a call when I feel like talking to you again.” He continues glaring and Dean’s hands are shaking now.
He slumps his shoulders and sighs, “I don’t know, I guess it’s just… I didn’t know how to bring it up. And imagine what dad would’ve said if-“
Dean goes to take a hit but Ash gets up on his knees, “Let me,” He kneels in front of Dean, a knee between Dean’s feet as Dean has his knees bend to his chest.
Castiel looks at him, listening.  The flame from the candle contrasts with the blue of his eyes, and it makes Dean’s throat dry.
And shit, Dean hadn’t even had time to hope that Jimmy hadn’t remembered him. He tries an awkward smile and rubs his neck, “Hah, yeah.” Clever, Winchester.
at the library tomorrow at 3.30. He’s a junior like you, and goes to the high school in town. Maybe you’ll even like him.”
“Does that mean you need a ride?” Dean asks and he knows he’s doing that stupid ‘I’m gonna get laid’ smile, which is so inappropriate but kind of a reflex by now.
Castiel grins at Dean while they shrug into their coats, “I’ve fallen quite behind on my schedule today. Thanks a lot.”
Castiel is sitting there in a booth, still wearing his coat, and across from him is a girl with fiery red hair, and even through the water Dean can tell she’s pretty. The girl is laughing.
Waking up with Cas does wonders to avert the freak-out. Even as they sleep in, and Cas stays even longer to help Dean pack. There’s no chance of sneaking Cas out.
Castiel hesitated, “Are you sure?” He shot a look in the direction he was going, “It’s not that far now.”
The class before Cas’ has just let out and there are students coming and going, but not many. It’s not an overly populated building, and Dean doesn’t know any of the people in the hallway.
“Oh my god, Dean! Can you please just let me finish?” Charlie says exasperatedly. She’s proofreading his full written proposal before it is due in 15 hours.
He gets engulfed in the thesis work soon enough, and makes it 655 words before he feels like throwing his laptop across the room again.
They spend the next hour and a half being too busy to talk but when the lunchtime rush dies down and they’re left with a few patrons scattered at the tables, Charlie turns to him.
Castiel smiles subtly to himself. He does have a class to attend and doesn’t actually have time to try and get Meg’s number right now, but he can leave an impressions that’s somewhat better than bickering with Dean (which, embarrassingly, is what tends to happen).
Dean shrugs, trying to play it nonchalant, “We just had dinner. How long have you guys been drinking?” There are empty solo cups and beer cans on the coffee table.
They spend the next four hours out there. For a long time just laying as they are, chatting easily, joking. Flirting. Kissing. Then Dean sails them a bit further, where the water is even clearer, and he washes cum out of his shorts and splashes Cas with water when he makes fun of him for it.
Castiel has turned towards Dean and their eyes meet, and Dean doesn’t even turn away. He just gets butterflies.
“Oh yeah, real romantic,” She gave Dean a pointed look and sucked on her straw, gesturing silently to the empty junk food wrappers on the table and floor in front of them, and the screaming kids playing laser tag in the next room.
The movie starts and a drinking game starts with it, and Cas has a hard time keeping up. There are spoilers and shots and Cas has no idea how Dean ended up practically in his lap but there’s no space for him to move.
Dean swallows and worries his lower lip. Are they being that obvious? Dean doesn’t think so. Someone would have said something.
“If Cas can forgive me for my bullshit, I’m sure Andrea can find it in her heart to forgive you for yours,” Dean tries to be supportive.
“Thank you,” he said in his gravel voice, and no, it was not like something so simple made Dean’s whole day.
Castiel watches in horror as one of the big guys, easily a twelve footer, nears the end of the boat.
“I meant to. On a multitude of occasions, I was planning on doing it. But I always found that I couldn’t. In the past, when I’ve told people, they’ve tended to leave. I didn’t want you to do that. I understand how keeping it from you might not work in my favor either. I’m very sorry, Dean.”
“Honey, I can barely hear you. I’m at the bar. I haven’t ordered yet. Should I get you a beer?” Cas offers.
Dean now knows that Cas’ favorite food is French toast, he still listens to CDs, his major is finance and he’s from Sacramento. And so much more.
Dean sunk down in his seat, not meeting her eye, “We’re out right now,” he gestured to Castiel, cheering with Kevin and Sam after getting one pin but at least not bowling in the gutter again. Castiel then turned towards the score screen, instantly smacking both Sam and Kevin as he turned so they almost fell over.
But now they were just sitting there, watching the minutes flip further past his curfew on the dashboard clock.
They were 45 minutes in when Castiel looked up from his homework and caught Dean not paying attention. Instead of doing the past conjugation of
Dean is screwing the cap back on the empty bottle when he hears the “For fuck’s sake.” He turns to find the owner of the profanity and accompanying smoker’s voice.
Cas comes back with a small towel. He chuckles when he pulls on the covers and Dean lazily rolls off.
he just wants to throw the rolling pin across the room. He grinds his teeth together as he shoots daggers at Dean who is rolling gnocchi. It was probably all his idea, inviting Meg who’d invite Cas, so he could look like a pathetic idiot third wheel.
Dean is 21 years old and impatient. So he unzips Castiel pants, pushes them down along with his boxers, and wraps his hand around Cas’ already hard cock.
He reads the black card before leaning back to read Cas’ white cards over his shoulder. He chuckles when Cas picks ‘
Dean reads the discomfort in the line of his shoulders and even though he wants to pry (goddamnit does he want to hear Cas’ porn stories), he changes the subject. He is rewarded when he learns that Castiel is from Seattle, has two older siblings and his favorite movie is Amélie.
Castiel had moved a middle school student who was failing English to Tuesday and told her he was available. She had been ecstatic.
“Oh, and remember to cinch your waist, honey!” Ruby yells when they’re halfway across the parking lot and Dean gets even more confused.
Cas scratches Dean’s head soothingly, not speaking for a while. He sounds remarkably snarky for how carefully he speaks when he says: “Do you think it was the two-week road trip we just spent together? Or the choosing me over Cancun for spring break?” A pause. “Or the three nights a week I’ve been spending here for the past seven months?”
“Wait, you’re the sole engineer that Castiel keeps talking about?” the girl(friend? What? Didn’t Cas totally give off a gay vibe, or was that just Dean’s wishful thinking?)
“Hey, no prob,” he slaps Cas’ arm because the moment got to loaded, “I’ll text you and we’ll find a day.”
He puts on coffee before anything, and then starts frying off the bacon. He’d play grade A brother and boyfriend by pretending he’s making bacon bit pancakes for their sake, but truthfully, he just really wants bacon bit pancakes. With syrup and butter. So much butter.
He spends it with Sam, not really doing much of anything. They’re in Sam’s room playing Mario Smash Bros.
Sam remains quiet for the first few minutes of the drive, so Dean begins: “listen, I know he can be kind of awkward, but he’s not… It’s not that bad once you get him talking. And he’s really important to me, okay? Just- Talk about bees or something, he’s got a fucked up obsession with bees.”
Sammy shuffles into the kitchen looking more dead than alive. He lights up a little at the sight of pancakes and coffee.
“There’s nothing to forgive, Cas,” Dean said softly, a finger trailing along the curve of the steering wheel.
Dean fiddles with his phone until he feels guilty for not doing his work and for not manning up and texting the stupidly cute guy.
“My friends are having a get-together on Friday,” He hesitates a little then because Castiel is looking up at him through dark eyelashes, one end of strudel in his mouth and Dean swallows.
“No! Sit down!” Castiel grabbed Dean’s wrists and swung them down, away from the muffin. It only resulted in Dean losing his balance at the sudden movement, and soon he found himself pretty well-situated in Cas’ lap.
Dean shrugs. “I’ve gone the other two years. And I almost have no memories from those trips because we get so fucked up.”
“Oh god,” Dean grips the counter. There are no customers needing service right now, so he doesn’t have to postpone the freak-out.
“Hang on,” he says and stands up so Cas finds himself face to face with his protruding crotch, but only for a moment as Dean steps around him, careful not to lose his balance in the boat.
It’s eerily quiet. All Dean can hear is his own heartbeat, the puff of his breath and two sets of feet walking in step on the gravel pathway.
“Dude, I’m just saying, I don’t buy that Dracula associates his girlfriend with his mother and his tomb as going back to the womb or whatever,” Dean rolls his eyes. They had spent 30 minutes discussing this in class until the teacher had told them to shut up or get out.
Abaddon noticed him and Viktor in the hallway as well and gave Dean the finger. Dean didn't care but the vulgar body language had Mrs. Engel finally noticing that her girls were getting distracted and she opened the door, face already red in anger, “Winchester, Henriksen! Go to your own classes!”
Castiel barely refrained from rolling his eyes, “It’s just that the show sells out really quickly. And I wouldn’t ask for anything else, not even for Christmas either! I promise, mom!”
Sam picks up his bags, “Okay, I really do have to go. But I’m just trying to help. I hate seeing you like this.”
“Yes,” he’d finally looked up at Dean with those big blues of his, “I’d like to have dinner with you very much, Dean.”
He can’t see Dean anywhere. It’s only when the traffic of people coming and going has slowed that Cas hears talking from the office hut.
Castiel almost reached for him but caught himself at the last second, “I’m sorry too. For making you feel like you were just someone I was tutoring, or just a student job. You never were. You were - you
“I said I’d listen to your presentation but I know fuck-all about this programming crap,” he argues and she about to counter when the bell above the door chimes behind Dean, signaling a customer’s entrance. It barely registers anymore, he’s not at work and it’s Meg and Alfie’s problem right now. But Charlie shuts her mouth and her eyes turn wide as she looks at Dean and to the customer behind him. She tries not to laugh so Dean turns around and makes eye contact with fucking Jimmy Novak, and fuck why does this keep happening?
Castiel raises his eyebrows, “No! No, Dean, how could I be? I’ve known since I met you.” He licks his lips, “But I am glad you don’t watch it anymore. I was uncertain if you still did and I’m afraid the thought made me uneasy.”
“Uuuhhh,” Cas blushes. And he usually has such a good poker face. He knew he shouldn’t have posted that photo, no matter how inconspicuous. It showed Castiel standing in the boat with his Fjällräven shorts and bucket hat, Bobby standing on the dock, and another guy next to him, Dean’s friend Ash, holding a baby alligator, while Dean sat at the end of the boat, in a ratty t-shirt and a bright smile.
They lean back slightly, making eye contact for a second before kissing again, more forcefully and Cas lets go of Dean’s hand to hold his jaw instead and he pushes him backwards until Dean’s back connects with his front door.
The last night is spent sailing back. Anna, Balthazar and Gabriel all turn in early, since they’ll arrive early in the morning the next day.
“I don’t know, Dean, I don’t want him to think I’m an idiot,” Pamela is wiping down a couple of glasses, leaning her hip against the bar and lifting an eyebrow at Dean.
They went back to their homework then for a while, until Hanna sat back up to look at him, “What happened?”
. And you motivate Sam. I don’t know your history but something tells me Sam wouldn’t be where he is if it wasn’t for you.” Castiel says in earnest and it should have been too much. Would have too.
It works, too, because the guy’s sarcastic smile turns into a shy one, and he runs his fingers along the rim of his cup. He opens his mouth to say something but is interrupted.
She gives him an incredulous look, “You’ve been avoiding everyone and you just had a panic attack or something in the middle of work. Don’t try to tell me that you’re fine, Dean.”
“Dean, you don’t have to. Not right now,” Cas, endlessly patient saint that he is, says. “I know how hard it is to come out. I’m not going to pressure you.”
“Christ. Are you alright?” Dean asks as if Cas was the one who just physically fought off an alligator.
“Yeah, kinda,” he twirls the broom absentmindedly between his hands, “I’ve thought about quitting school.”
Dean didn’t really understand it. He had never had a type, and if he did, it certainly hadn’t been the nerd. Anna was a hot, goody two shoes nerd, and they couldn’t connect? But who else in Dean’s life was a hot, goody two shoes nerd? It didn’t really make sense, but hey, what are you gonna do?
He could imagine Dean rolling his eyes as well. “Listen, I don’t wanna talk about it right now. I just wanna get through opening night, go home and, I don’t know, eat Oreos and cry, and then deal with this fucked up situation later.”
He was in the locker room, talking to a girl while helping her tie up the satin ribbons on the back of her dress.
He’s sweating and cursing, and might’ve bruised Cas with how hard he’s gripping his bicep, before Cas finally pulls his fingers out to replace them with the real deal.
He’s down by the dock soon enough, and there are a few people there. Bobby’s setting off for sail in a bigger boat with a group of English tourists. He nods at Cas when he spots him.
The next morning there’s still an air of awkwardness. Gabriel and Anna, along with her boyfriend, are all seated at the table when Dean and Cas come in. Gabriel is shooting daggers at Anna’s boyfriend and Anna’s not looking at either of them.
Dean bites his lip as he thinks. “Biology? I guess? Specialized in zoology? Alligators?” He guesses.
Dean gives a long-suffering sigh, “I will throw something at you if you don’t leave. Aren’t you supposed to meet Eileen now anyway?”
“Thankfully not,” Castiel smiles warmly and they meet each other’s eyes for a while, soaking in the experience they shared earlier but not ready to talk about it.
Dean averts his eyes, “I sometimes wonder if it was the right move, you know. Grad school. It was a selfish decision. I worry it’ll turn out to be a waste of money if it means Sam won’t get to complete law school.”
Sam runs a hand through his hair while he contemplates, “You want my advice?” Dean nods. “Just ask him, dude.”
It was mom’s turn to roll her eyes then, at his attitude. She fished out her wallet from her purse on the counter though, and handed Dean a twenty-dollar bill, “You should go to the movies or something.”
Dean is sure it’s going to happen this time. They’ve spent all afternoon and early evening goofing off and cuddling in front of some Netflix Original until they ran out of episodes to watch and their hands started wandering.
But apparently, Dean is done studying it and has come to a conclusion. “Can we have sex in here?” He’s grinning. He already knows he’s going to get what he wants.
“Who’s Ryan Gosling and who’s Emma Stone?” Charlie asked, making Hanna lean her forehead on Charlie’s shoulder in laughter.
If it’s Dean coming back it’s going to look all kinds of weird that he’s helping himself to snoop around. If it’s
“Excuse me,” Balthazar steps in. The atmosphere cools down a little but it’s still ringing in Dean’s ears. “Do you have a problem with Dean and Cas?”
“Yes, after he dumped that beer in my lap and accused me of cheating the only way was up, really. But we did get to talk a bit. He was rather upset with you in fact. I think you should talk to him today,” Cas tears a piece off a pancake and chews it lazily.
“I hate you. If you don’t wanna go, fine. But I’m not cooking anything today,” Sam says and folds his arms over his chest.
There are a few others, some coming back with catches of the night, prawn, nets of fish. An enormous gator, three burly men carrying it off the boat. The reptile has a wound on its head, probably from the spear one of the men is carrying. Cas recoils as they pass.
“I do apologize, Dean, but I must get going. I didn’t realize it was getting so late,” he looks regrettably up at Dean.
It was Dean’s turn to look confused then and he looked down at their joined hands, curling his pinky around Cas’, “Huh?”
Dean rolls his eyes, which hurts him enough that he has to get up to get his glasses from the bathroom, “We're not dating," he mumbles, and then looks at Sam, "Did we talk about the porn star thing last night?”
Dean shuffles awkwardly as his brain tries to make a decision on too little sleep and too much coffee. He wants to go over there but Cas looks busy. Nothing worse that being interrupted when you’re finally on a roll. And are they even… Are they good enough of friends? And what should he say anyway? Just hello? Stupid.
When Castiel had gone to go over the quizzes, he had gotten all mad at Dean because he had trouble sitting still, which seriously? Dean had still been jittery from a dance class, and there was nothing to
Spinning across the stage she can hear people hollering and she grins, knowing that the effort to wear the panties that are definitely being flashed right now paid off.
Dean is busy smiling at the interaction when Sam taps his arm, “Have you heard from dad?” he says it quietly, letting the music drown out the question to anyone but Dean.
“What?” He asks when Dean doesn’t say anything immediately (and just smiles stupidly like a stupid man with a stupid crush instead).
Castiel must be able to tell, because he looks up from his laptop and asks, “Are you sure you’re doing okay?”
Dean resisted the temptation to either shake Castiel’s arm off or to turn around and pull him into a hug. Instead he remained still, voice low, “Doesn’t matter. I don’t really have time either, anyway. So thanks for tutoring me and I guess I’ll see you around.”
“But you enjoy academia and you happen to have the opportunity. Why not worry about Sam when and if you have to worry about Sam?” Castiel asks and Dean knows he’s trying to be helpful. It sucks.
“This is not a human tradition. You can have a wedding after your own standards at a later date,” Fate said.
Maybe it’s because this, with Cas, is moving so damn slow and feels so damn important. Ever since he met him he’s felt like watching his stuff is disrespectful, and he can’t find a reason as to why he feels this way. Castiel knew from the very beginning that Dean knew about the porn. Knew enough about it enough to recognize him. If that bothered him, he probably wouldn’t have pursued a… friendship or whatever with Dean. Despite really wanting to deny everything, Dean is honest.
(It’s not like Dean isn’t enjoying the non-sexual aspects of the relationship. It’s actually really nice, the cuddling, the cooking for each other, the proof reading papers and back massages. But he is
“I’m an introvert,” Castiel excuses lamely with a shrug and Dean sees it for the dismissal it is and knows prying isn’t welcome in this situation, so he leaves it.
“Someone’s in Holiday spirit,” the cashier smiles and takes the twenty. It’s 11 in the morning and there’s no rush so the barrista makes his coffee right away and hands it over to him.
After getting ready Dean made his way to the kitchen, “Hey mom,” he said, kissing her cheek, “I’m headed back out.”
Dean is sitting on the floor across from her. He puts his four cards face down on the table. “Well, ‘cause I’m a fucking adult for one. And there’s nothing predatory about Cas.”
Pamela arches an eyebrow and crosses her arms while giving him a knowing smile. “So, you and Cas just dressed up as the most iconic ship ever platonically?”
“Love you,” Dean mumbles as he tilts Cas’ head back, finally letting him rinse out the shampoo after doing all the hairstyles he could think of.
“Dean?” his voice is a bit clearer and there’s some ruffling like Cas is sitting up. “Are you alright?”
Of course, he hasn’t told them who he is texting. He usually says it’s Sam or some girl. He could tell them, of course. Cas is just a friend. There is nothing weird about friends texting each other. They just text a lot because they haven’t actually had time to see each other since that party, what with classes and all. And with Thanksgiving coming up next week, Dean’s not sure he will see his new friend anytime soon.
“You didn’t tell me you got a passing grade in biology,” Castiel mentioned, pulling a notebook out from his bag.
Jimmy nods and smiles awkwardly and Dean thinks to himself again that his favorite porn star might actually be a real fucking dork in real life. He turns back around, going back to his notes.
“Ugh!” The kid groans. “Gimme a break, Dean! At least I don’t go lusting over customers twice my age.”
Then he bops his head faster, letting it hit the back of his throat continuously. He sucks and licks and spits, and Castiel pulls too hard on his hair, but when he tries to remove his hand, Dean just puts it back.
Dean took in a deep breath and let it out slowly before meeting Castiel’s eyes. “Where do we stand?”
Cas still doesn’t speak and Dean comes up to him, grabbing his elbow, almost like he just wants to make sure he’s there.
Dean chuckles at that and tries to sound nonchalant when he suggests, “I actually cook, you know. You should come by sometime.”
Castiel was disappointed that he had missed him but found himself somewhat glad that Dean had opted for celebration rather than Oreos and the Notebook in solitude.
“Maybe I should start filling you with a plug, huh? So we wouldn’t have to do all this?” he says this conversationally as he inserts two fingers at once and Dean bangs his forehead on the wall.
Or well, what is “barely speaks” for Dean is still quite a lot of chitchat but Castiel has definitely managed to make things awkward. Like when Dean has tried to compliment him and Cas has gotten defensive, or when Dean has tried to joke and Cas has gotten defensive or when he has tried to get to know Cas and Cas has gotten defensive. So Cas is pretty irritated with himself but he’s also pretty irritated with Dean for bringing him in this mess to begin with.
“Sorry, really. I know it’s not exactly the Hilton. But we had to have sex out here just once before you leave,” Dean says, good-natured as he starts making coffee on the hot plate.
Dean wants to hit her back, “Shut up.” He steps further into the apartment and motions for Cas to come in as well. Everyone is there.
“What you got a girl or guy or something?” Ash asks, not a trace of bitterness in his voice and Dean doesn’t understand how these great people can stand being around him.
“How long for?” Dean asks after another five minutes of the alligators not moving and Castiel writing down.
“I’ve never been recognized before, you know,” Cas says then and chuckles again. Dean figures he’s not mad and wonders when he started worrying about shit he didn’t need to worry about.
There weren’t many people in there. A few students making a PowerPoint and a T.A. printing compendiums. Charlie Bradbury was sitting on the next row, either playing roleplaying games or photoshopping incriminating pictures of her friends.
He doesn’t return home for anything but his laptop charger for three days until Benny teasingly asks if he has officially moved out.
“Could hardly be worse,” Cas says. “Anyway, my uncle has a yacht and he invited me and my siblings on it with him for spring break. My siblings are bringing their boyfriend and girlfriend. I figured I might as well bring you to avoid being the fifth wheel.” Cas grins.
Castiel glared at Dean, “It’s not like I have time to go on stupid dates. I’m in AP classes, I’m the president of two clubs. I volunteer.”
Cas doesn’t respond. Not in any other way than snaking his hand out from under the cover and around Dean’s back, feeling his bare hip.
“It’s not because I don’t trust you. I guess it’s just… You’re part of a whole other scene, you know? I guess I’m just not always sure if you’ll understand, and sometimes I just can’t
“Well, I don’t think most predators come across as predatory. I think that’s kinda their thing,” Bela argues, smirking and Dean gets angry, but takes a deep breath and rolls his eyes instead of yelling.
“But before next spring you’re going to want something else. Before Christmas too for that matter,” she giggled.
“You toned asshole,” Dean grins and pulls on boxers. He’s not going to wear pants today, and he’s not sure Sam can’t handle him in panties right now.
Anna is only two years older than Cas, and is kind of breezy and Dean gets the vibe that she was definitely a bitch in high school. Dean feels like an outsider when she laughs at her siblings’ jokes and only meets the eyes of her boyfriend over dinner. Cas tells him that she’s just shy because Dean is hot.
Dean shrugs and looks down. He’s upset. He hasn’t seen his boyfriend all week, he’s been swamped with schoolwork and the last thing he wants to do is discuss logistics.
It has the word ‘couple’ and it has a single kiss at the end. The only conclusion Castiel can come up with is that it must be a date. He grins at his phone. He wants to gloat to Dean.
Charlie grins innocently at him and downs a shot. Dean takes one too, just to avoid meeting Cas’ gaze from across the table, where he can feel it on him.
Castiel lets go of his hair he had been gripping tight, and frankly, painfully between his fingers in frustration. He looks thoughtfully up at his friend, “A note?”
“Oh, so much better.” She says, sarcastic. “Go be with your ancient lizard man then.” She gestures at Dean and then her door.
Cas looks great, like he actually made some effort, which isn’t really his style. He always looks great of course, in the disheveled way; Dean digs the messed up hair and wrinkly, inside-out shirts, but today… Castiel has his hair slicked back and this is the first time Dean notices that it’s actually kind of long, curling at the nape of his neck, like he can’t be bothered to get a haircut, and that his face is unfairly symmetrical and Dean wants to lick his cheekbones and jugular and even his fucking nose.
He guessed none of that mattered anymore as he leaned forward, closing the few inches of space between them to press his lips to Dean’s.
Castiel fiddled with the single rose in his hand, careful to avoid prickling his fingers on the thorns. He felt kind of cheesy, but it was theater tradition, wasn’t it? Bringing roses on opening night?
Castiel doesn’t look nervous anymore, he just looks upset. And hurt. “And you had sex with him.” It’s not even a question.
Dean turns to take in the ghosts hanging from the apple tree and the spiderwebs across the gutters. There are small tombstones across the grass in an indiscernible pattern.
“Now don’t go overthinking that the whole flight home,” Bobby says and with a slap to the hood of the car he gets in and drives off.
. And it’s a nice place downtown, a two-story building with a large balcony that protects the patrons from the cold night of January with large glass panels. That’s where the hostess seats them, right by the railing so they have the view over a park and the streets below.
Dean looks at the first page of the menu without reading anything for a moment, trying to calculate, “So how old are you?”
“Sure,” Dean says, silently praying he won’t ask if he’s gay. Because he’s not, he really isn’t, but he’s not sure that’s what he would say if Cas asked him right now. He’s not even sure it’d be the right answer.
Well, it used to be for practice. Dean’s fluent in car repairs now, so it’s just for something to do while they hang out.
Castiel ran a finger across the rubber where the window disappeared into the car door, “I have to give your slots to another student.”
“It’s true. I mean look at this,” he points between the two of them, “What kind of shitty person booty-calls their ex on a Saturday afternoon, eight months after they’ve last even Facebook messaged. We dated
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean does laugh then. “Dude, do you know how many math classes I’ve had to take? I always get to that point.”
“I guess exchanging nudes loses some excitement when you've already seen the person getting dicked. You're being unfair though, most times people have seen
For some reason, though, they find a lot more time in their schedule to hang out than they probably really have to spare.
“How’s that been going? Sam says you’re not doing too good,” Bobby tells him and Dean feels a spite of anger. He hates when they discuss him behind his back.
He’s about to open the door to the front passenger seat for her when Dean beats him to it, opening the door from inside. But apparently with a different motive, “Hop in, Cas. You should be in front, you have longer legs.”
“I was going to!” Anna says, angry too. Dean feels incredibly uncomfortable. Cas seems confused more than anything.
“Don’t even talk about it,” Dean grins, and Castiel grins back and they’re weirdly silent again while they just stare at each other. Dean’s not sure if they’re just behind on sleep or if they’re forming a pattern here. He clears his throat, “Hey, you said you haven’t been eating right. Can’t focus on school if you’re not eating properly, Cas. Wanna grab a bite? D’ya have time?”
Pamela pushes his shoulder comradely, “You sure your boyfriend won’t get jealous, the way you’re flirting?”
naked before they get your number. Because you’re a whore,” Charlie grins at him. She pulls her very expensive headphones off from around her neck and puts them on the table, and finally shakes out of her coat.
Cas doesn’t come back until after New Year’s so Dean spends a few horny days sexting him until it’s New Year’s Eve.
He leaves the bedroom in favor of the living room and finds Cas on the first try. He’s sitting in the windowsill, the large window cracked and making Cas’ hair flow around the nape of his neck. He’s only wearing a pair of boxers. Dean’s boxers, actually, that he must have snatched from the floor amidst his fleeing.
Dean feels heat color his cheeks to match Cas’, “Oh my god, no, that’s not what I meant!” he wouldn’t bring Cas’ package up in the middle of dinner. Or anywhere. (But it is huge). “Fuck, I just meant you’ve done a lot of stuff. Or, like, your videos are popular, right?”
“Eight, please,” Castiel says to the woman behind the bar and then explains to Meg and Dean, “I’m two behind, right?”
“Come on, let me help you with the makeup and then we’ll get you dressed,” he pulls on Dean’s hand, dragging him into the bathroom where the light is better.
“Wanna go see if the real graveyard’s haunted?” Dean asks, grinning. He nods down the street, when the church is located.
It lasted until the hunter stuck his tongue in the angel’s mouth and the angel’s hands grew comfortable on the hunter’s rear.
Castiel nods and looks up at Dean through his eyelashes and Dean wants to touch his face where the shadow from his lashes fan out on his cheekbones. His cheeks are flushed and his lips are chapped and Dean wants to kiss him.
Dean smiles because this is the third time they’ve run into each other and they’ve had an actual conversation and that means he can’t just ignore him. They’re… acquaintances… now. Dean has a porn star acquaintance.
Dean whistles, low. “Damn,” he’s holding a piece of hotel stationary. “I knew the restaurant was nice here, but I’ve never actually been in any of the rooms.” He puts the paper down and looks into the bathroom. “Can you believe that? I’ve lived here practically my whole life, and I haven’t even seen the hotel rooms.”
Anna seems embarrassed after that, and avoids Dean except a few awkward smiles across the table at meal times.
If only the obnoxious undergrads one aisle over would fucking let him. He’s read the same sentence seven times now and still hasn’t understood a word, because ‘Claire’ and ‘Alex’ are too busy going over the details of last weekend’s frat party. Very loudly.
Dean doesn’t reply. He must be worse off than he realizes, but of course, lying to himself is only one of his many talents. “Have fun in Atlanta, Sammy. Say hi to Eileen.”
He suddenly felt shy under Dean’s soft look and smile, and he broke eye contact, fiddling with the rose in his hand. He twirled it between his fingers before realizing why he’d bought it in the first place.
They parted after a moment and gazed at each other. Dean looked beautiful in the light from the street lamp filtering in through the windshield. His eyes were searching Castiel’s face, or maybe just taking it in. Castiel definitely felt observed.
“Oh, you’re already ready, thank the lord!” Ruby sighs dramatically. She’s wearing a huge red wig, that kind of reminds Dean of those judge wigs or whatever, and a red dress with a huge slit showing off her entire thigh, and red shoes with a huge platform and heel.
Castiel bites off the strudel and swallows hard without chewing because he’s an awkward freak and Dean’s eyes follow the muscles of Castiel throat as they work, and he almost whimpers.
“Hey, what’s with the fla-“ Dean starts when he enters the living room but loses his words when he takes in the scene in front of him.
“Damn,” someone commented from his left, and Castiel turned around to see. The movement was too sudden, and his books fell out of his backpack, pages folding under their weight. Castiel groaned.
Castiel is great, probably the greatest, but Dean still can’t believe he’s this hung up on a guy that didn’t even want to fuck him. That’s not like him. Maybe he just needs to get off. He completely ignores the idea that he should take a look at Cas' - Jimmy's - page. He's not that much of a douche.
Dean finds himself in Castiel’s studio apartment, just perpendicular to campus. Very close to his frat house, actually.
“Seriously? I know you’re going to be a doctor but don’t you ever just wanna party with your friends or something?” Dean scooted his chair closer to Castiel.
Dean rolls his eyes, tired from being around people and from being stressed out about Bobby, and opens the door for Cas, who gets in without protest.
Dean tries to send him a look but he’s too slow. The initial interview was a few weeks ago and Dean had a pretty good feeling about it. But everyone who’d been invited for an interview were good, and while Dean was good at what he did, part of him would always be a high school dropout with authority problems. He sometimes feels like people could tell just from looking at him.
“Hey Dean? What are Castiel and I going to do all night?” Sam asks. They’re exiting the movie theater and the freak still hasn’t finished his soda. It was a medium-sized coke! Dean had finished his super-size
She was leaning back on the hind legs of her chair from where she’d been sitting at a table behind them, “Dude! Are you Dean’s tutor?”
After hanging the coat on a hook in the hall, Dean guides Castiel towards the kitchen, “Do you want a grand tour before we eat?” he asks over his shoulder, “It’s a two bedroom, so the food won’t get cold.”
Benny passes Dean and then curses Charlie for throwing a banana peel. Dean is just about to focus back on the game but gets a text he figures he might as well check.
Charlie finishes typing, brow furrowed and the tip of her tongue stuck out between her lips in concentration.
Dean puts down his joystick, “I’m serious, guys. Don’t talk about porn to Cas, okay? He’ll just be embarrassed.”
He made his way down the hall in long strides. There was one more class left of the day after this, and then Dean was coming to pick him up, and he’d promised ice cream at the mall. At least Castiel didn’t share that class with anyone he talked to.
There’s been mixed reactions. Or… not that mixed really. Mostly surprise or disapproval or judgment, and funny enough no one clapped their hands with glee at the news.
Dean feels better with Cas’ words but they are too heavy and he can’t have this conversation. “Gee Cas, you certainly know how to make a guy blush,” he says instead, smirking.
They make it to the building and take the elevator up to Cas’ apartment on third floor, and as Dean stands behind Cas while he unlocks his door, Dean revels in the fact that this is the farthest he’s ever been before. It somehow means something to Dean, but he figures he might be setting himself up for a letdown.
The snout appears right before the motor and Cas is sure about what comes next. Teeth, screaming, blood, death.
“You know this stuff?” Dean asks. He’s looking at the case Ruby had given him. He has no idea what to use for what, or which colors or anything.
“Oh,” Dean says. So Cas is a camboy now. Dean kind of wishes he was still a fan of Jimmy’s because that sounds all kinds of hot. But he has
At least the end is neigh. He’ll finish school in a few months, and then he can get a better-paying job, a real job, and even if he can’t straight away, he can pick up more hours at his current one.
Castiel bites him gently on his bottom lip for that. He pulls back after soothing it with his tongue and leans against the desk, facing Dean. “You could come here after your classes,” he says.
And Castiel is still frowning. Dean grabs him by the sleeve and pulls him up off the couch, “Well, fuck Firefly, we’re watching Dodgeball.” He turns off the TV and pulls Castiel with him into his bedroom where he lets go of him.
The next weekend Dean is winning in beer pong against Benny and some sophomore he took accounting with until Ash leaves to blaze up downstairs.
Dean knew it was there, and he traces a finger over the C of Castiel’s name. It’s in his boyfriend’s handwriting and Dean is hit by a strike of arousal at knowing how possessive his boyfriend is over
On his way to pick Sam up from school he remembers to call Cas. Just to let him know that the plane didn’t crash after all.
Dean pulls the mask down properly and grabs his axe with two hands. “I can pick you up at seven,” he says, before walking towards the next group, meeting them at the end of a narrow staircase that’s haunted by Donna.
When he goes home that night he jerks off to one last video of his customer, telling himself that he’ll cancel it after.
They soap up each other’s hair, Dean making mohawks and space buns in the thick lather in Castiel’s hair, and Castiel draws C
Victor had asked if Dean was nervous about meeting Cas’ relatives. Dean had obviously answered “Why the fuck would I be nervous about that?” because who gets nervous about meeting friends’ family. Besides Dean
Dean is at Coffee and Eat with Benny and Charlie, eating paninis and flipping through notes on Saturday. They don’t have the same major, Benny doesn’t even go to the same school as them, and Dean gives Charlie a look over her laptop when she asks him some bullshit question about codes and programming again.
“Sure.” They were standing in the study area by then, and Dean slung his bag onto a table before sitting down.
“Just… Group assignments with Neanderthals, and a B minus in history, and then my brother’s visit, of course, as just the cherry on top.” Castiel shared.
It went well. The Winchester brothers were naturally athletic and kept the rivalry for first place between the two of them, while the others just focused on not guttering all their balls. When the brothers got banned for the next round, Dean took it upon himself to be Castiel’s private coach.
Dean thought a weekend to himself with peace and quiet was what he needed. He has a bunch of schoolwork, but he always does and he actually feels pretty caught up, and he only has two shifts in the three and a half days Sam is gone.
They sit across from each other in silence for a while, Dean staring at Cas, Cas staring out the window.
“Squirrel, I know it’s hard to understand but I don’t actually pay you to flirt with the pretty boys who just want coffee.” It’s Crowley and Dean springs to work, grabbing a damp cloth to wipe down the milk steamer.
Castiel fiddles with his napkin (it’s the thick kind, hard to tear, because this is a fancy place) and drops it in his lap, “A friend of mine suggested it. She tends to have good taste.”
Meg rolls her eyes, “No, dumbass. You start out by charming him, making him like you. ‘Hello, big, sexy Impala…”
Castiel gets his luggage from baggage claim and makes his way into arrivals. It’s a big airport, one that’s air conditioned, thank god. He revels in the cold gusts of air against his face as he takes a moment to get oriented. It’s likely the last he’ll see if A/C for the next six weeks.
They have had lunch together, and a little bit of a make-out session. That’s how Dean found himself walking Cas to class. His own schedule doesn’t pick up again for another two hours, so why not.
Seeing Cas naked will probably never stop making something warm pool in his groin, but being together like this, goofing and caressing and bare, it’s different and it’s love and it’s right. Dean doesn’t have a doubt in his mind.
For once Dean didn’t have any plans. He had the whole day stretching out in front of him, and he didn’t even have any real homework to speak of, since Castiel never wanted to fool around before it was finished, and Dean always wanted to fool around.
Cas swallows, burst of confidence disappearing as fast at it had appeared, eyes sinking to his hands resting on the table, “I think I’d like to start with just the kisses.”
“Who are you tutoring? A freshman?” Hanna asked. She lived just a block away from school and Castiel was going in that direction anyway.
“I didn’t mean to spend the night. I hope I didn’t overstay my welcome,” he says with a rusty voice. Rustier than usual. It’s not fair.
Jimmy just nods. Dean smiles. It’s awkward so he gestures to his friends, “Anyway, I better get back…”
“I’m glad to hear that,” Cas says and kisses Dean’s forehead. He pulls the cover out from under them and wraps it around them. “We should get some sleep.”
Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, hands digging into his gut, and Dean pulls his hands away, “don’t play with my fat.”
“You don’t have to answer, and you can totally just tell me to fuck off, okay?” Sam says, and Dean doesn’t really like the sound of that.
The guy's grin widens and he has really full lips. Castiel does not understand what his life has turned into. Now he is reading social signals and
“Don’t know yet,” Dean mumbles. He reaches out for Cas, disappointed to discover he’s still wearing all his clothes. He picks at the sweater. “Take this off and get in.”
It’s a long ways back but they don’t talk. Castiel’s heart is still in his throat and he’s still white knuckling his seat when Dean pulls into the dock an hour later.
“You know a scientific study showed that peanuts in bars have traces of over 100 specimens of urine?” Dean’s heart skips a beat.
Dean gave him a sympathetic look. He too remembered Castiel’s catastrophic attempt at flirting when they’d gone to Home Depot last week and the girl at the check-put had been cute.
The apartment opens directly into a large living room, with shiny dark wooden floors and a really soft looking rug under the six people sectional couch and surprisingly outdated TV. There’s a really impressive wall of bookshelves and Dean thinks
“I’ve suggested different things. Parties, yeah, but also concerts, movies, karaoke night, even poetry slam!” Dean lists.
you been in KC?” Dean wonders because so far he’s only ever seen him at the library and Coffee and Eat.
Dean sighs and takes the mug of cappuccino, relenting “Fine.” They’re all on the same side when it comes to Crowley. He’s evil.
“You’re being ridiculous. You have a great committee and you’ve been working really hard,” Sam is booting up his laptop for Dean.
Dean sighs and sits down next to him. He lets Cas drag his head into his lap, so he’s lying across the bed.
asks if he’s okay. Dean spends his lunch break refining his proposal disposition and writing in the margins of library books.
Dean is over the moon, really, he is, but he hasn’t told either Bobby or Ellen that he likes boys. That he likes one boy in particular, whom they were introduced to about half an hour ago and who keeps trying to hold Dean’s hand but Bobby is sitting
Cas doesn’t really like the sound of that if. That reassurance didn’t last long. Neither did Dean’s smile.
Bobby looks where he’s pointing. “Ah, there he is.” He leaves the office hut and walks briskly down the dock.
but manages to keep his trap shut. You don’t end up in porn without long stories, but Castiel hadn’t pried and Dean doesn’t want to either. They talk about examination committees as they eat instead.
He walks over to Dean’s bookshelf. It’s mostly textbooks, math and engineering; nothing Cas understands. He kneels down on the floor and pulls out the box of books that Dean got the Lord of the Rings series from that one time. He trails a finger over the many titles. Most of them are cracked paperbacks and Cas isn’t aware of the soft smile on his face until the sound of steps outside the door makes him freeze up.
Dean is a morning person, and usually that’s a good thing. He can get a workout in before the days starts, he can study before class, he always has time for coffee.
Dean drops his face in his palms while Benny, the idiot, cackles. A librarian finally comes to shush them and Dean is grateful.
“Yeah,” Dean gestures to nothing, “But we don’t know anything for sure. It’d suck if I was doing this at the expense of Sam’s future.”
He gets his shit together and swallows his bite of burger, “I feel ya. If I didn’t work at the coffee shop once a week I don’t think I’d see anyone but my mentor and my brother.”
Dean accepted the sheet from him and drew the textbook closer. He read for a little and started filling in the information before sitting back.
“How’re you guys doing?” Charlie asks, apparently done with her paragraph (or sentence, more likely, they’ve been here for a couple of hours, there’s not enough concentration to finish a paragraph in one go anymore).
For someone who’s this close to losing his shit, Dean remains fairly cool. “He said that I’m his boyfriend?” he manages to ask in a relatively composed voice.
“I’ll have a tall Americano,” Castiel orders and hands the cashier a twenty-dollar bill, “And please let me pay for the next person in line.”
Dean jumps in shock (definitely not squealing), dropping his phone and he can hear Castiel running away on the crunchy gravel.
Charlie smirked, “Maybe he’s the one doing the tutoring in that?” she pulled her chair over to them to avoid leaning over the back of it.
He’d carried the three mugs with him (he’s been a waiter for too long) and set them on the only corner of Cas’ table that wasn’t covered in microbiology lab reports and comp notes.
“Huh,” Sam nods as he listens, “Well, maybe he’s just an introvert.” Which is true. Then he looks up at Dean. “So what do you do instead of those things? You stay in and do what?”
“Yeah, I… It’s not… Like, it doesn’t mean anything to me,” Castiel tries to explain. Dean doesn’t get it but the look on Cas’ face tells him that he doesn’t either. Dean decides it doesn’t have to make sense.
Cas’ blood stills in his veins. That group of alligators seem very close, all of a sudden. “But you can get us out, right?”
Cas gestures for Dean to sit down on the lidded toilet, so he does, “Come on, I must’ve told you this?”
“Yeah, and Bobby took a good half hour out of his busy schedule to chew me out too, so just a wonderful start to the day,” Dean mutters. He doesn’t meet Cas’ eyes.
“Right,” Dean nods and then picks up his soda to do something with his hand, “You know, I didn’t mean to bring it up like that, you don’t have to tell me about it.”
Jimmy smiles kind of self-consciously, seeming to contemplate speaking again so Dean waits, “Mine is Castiel,” he says to his notebook but probably meant for Dean.
Castiel turns to Dean. He hopes his gratefulness shows in his blink but honestly, it probably doesn’t but Cas doesn’t know how else to convey it. Dean did this for Cas without Cas even asking, and all Cas has done the past 17 days is be a bitch.
“You know what he did today? Do you wanna know what the asshole had the audacity to say to me today?” He asks, sitting straight up and fuming at the muted TV in front of him. It’s a Love Island rerun.
“So am I, Hanna. And it’s not like I’m planning my whole life with him. He’s just… nice,” Castiel deflated. He couldn’t tell her what he thought about Dean. She’d never take him seriously.
in his films as Jimmy Novak, but the Cas that Dean is getting to know? That guy misses social cues and references, and he blushes when Dean smiles at him.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel takes a calming breath and wipes his hands on the flannel covering his knees, “So uh,” he starts, “Do you wanna make out then?”
Dean groans and leans his elbows on the desk. Charlie is coming soon and he can’t wait because he doesn’t have the energy for this and Charlie is usually pretty good at carrying him.
“I’m not ready for that step yet, with you. I hate to sound like a ‘tease’ or to make this into too big of a deal, but I just…” He trails off, seeming to have trouble wording what he wants to say.
Dean shrugged and failed to keep another grin off his face, “Yeah, I mean he was a nice kid and all but he just… He didn’t have any
Dean hates not being able to actively help but he can’t argue with that logic. “Alright. Uhhm,” he hesitates, feeling awkward.
Dean is looking back at him, green eyes cloudy with arousal, his lips are glistening wet, lush and stretched around Cas’ cock. There’s a mix of saliva and precum running down his chin, and his hand is working himself at lightening speed inside his pants.
For now, he followed the older of the hunters as he was dropped off at the diner in town by his brother, who drove off.
And Cas usually drank for free because Crowley thought he was sexy, and it would bother Dean if it wasn’t because
anything. It’s just, I keep suggesting we go out to all these different things, and he just never wants to,” Dean says.
Dean it’s going to look all kinds of worse. Stalker alert. He doesn’t breathe out until he hears the steps pass and make their way down the stairs. He pushes the box back under the bed and makes his way downstairs as well.
Dean thinks that that’s probably a good idea. But he’s pretty sure he saw something that looked a lot like a corset of some sort in the mass of items he’d been given, so he’ll probably just get fucked in that all afternoon, rather than practice makeup. Hey, it’s not his fault his boyfriend is a freak.
seems to need a ride too. Is he spending the night at your apartment too?” Ellen asks, face sly as she busts Dean in a way that Dean can’t even respond to. He just knows he’s outed.
Dean shrugs, “I mean, he’s still into me. I don’t know, maybe he’s just embarrassed,” Dean wonders. The age difference is quite large. It’s very obvious when they’re out together. At least no one’s mistaken them for father and son. He shudders at the thought.
He ultimately forgets about worrying because once he gets to the club Ruby yells at him for 2 and half minute for being late and then throws a wig and a million sequins at him.
They sit in silence for a bit. It isn’t awkward but it’s not entirely comfortable either, though their hands are still clasped in Cas’ lap. Dean can’t stop thinking about this new piece of information. Has Castiel just never been interested in dating before? Then what about Dean has made him change his mind? And does this mean that Cas has never had sex off screen before? Or been taken out for dinner?
“Moooooom,” Castiel dragged as he entered the room, eyes in full-on puppy mode and shoulders slumped for sympathy.
Bobby drives Dean to the airport on the 27th of December. They don’t talk on the drive, Dean nervously humming Metallica already.
Dean should go out there, should find out what he did to mess it up this time. But he can’t. He stays where he is, feeling numb and heartbroken at the same time. Cas clearly doesn’t want him as much as he’s let on. As much as Dean wants Cas. Dean briefly wonders how much of it was real.
“Hey man. Dean, like he said,” his hand is outstretched and Cas shakes it and earns himself a smile that makes Cas take a sec to remember that he’s here for business NOT pleasure.
Cas hasn’t said anything about it yet, but Dean feels rotten when he wakes Cas up at the crack of dawn and watches Cas get redressed in the clothes from the night before. He gives Cas a sweatshirt because the morning air is cooler than the evening he arrived in.
When she comes back out Dean excuses himself to go to the restroom and sits in there for fifteen minutes trying to calm down and do his fucking job until Charlie comes knocking on the door to ask: “You okay in there?”
“I think if you’re going to freak out about me being your boyfriend, I might as well be,” Cas says, smiling innocently.
A few months ago, when things were bad, Bobby came through with enough financial support that Dean didn’t have to quit school (and that he and Sam didn’t have to live on the street either). Like Bobby has always come through with the support, be it financial or emotional, that Dean would never admit to asking for, either directly or by getting into fights at school and smoking in the lavatories instead of going to sophomore English.
“Dean, no! I do! I do want you to- to-“ what does he want him to? “I do want you!” Castiel says probably too eager. He grabs one of Dean’s hands across the table, stroking his thumb over Dean’s knuckles.
This chapter might seem a little short but it got way too long and I decided to split it into two chapters. That should mean the wait for next one shouldn't be too long. Hopefully lol
“Uh no,” Castiel says, looking uncomfortable, which, great, even the thought of them dating is mystifying and disgusting to him. Not like it isn’t to Dean or anything, but still… Offensive. “We take a lit class together.”
Cas tilts his head, lamenting. There certainly was penetration involved. God, he should really go brush his teeth. His tongue especially.
Castiel’s hands moved down Dean’s chest, slipping under the hemline of his T-shirt to trail his nails up his sides, smiling innocently at Dean. Dean bit his lip.
“Mhmm,” Ellen says with no further response like she didn’t just out him, “And will you be returning or can Jo take your bed?”
He didn’t know when he’d next be able to meet Dean. He worried that if he called Dean, he simply wouldn’t pick up the phone, especially after what he’d said to Charlie that night.
Sammy’s calling to yell at him. Dean was supposed to pick him up ten minutes ago from a friend’s house. Dean apologizes profusely, assures Sam that he doesn’t need to ask if he can stay at his friends house overnight, and promises to leave within ten minutes.
He’s wearing a light blue button-down under his open trench coat, and black slacks, and while it isn’t too far stretched from what he usually wears it’s different enough that Dean almost suggests they stay in.
Dean meets Cas’ siblings and his uncle over Spring break, when he skips out on the yearly Cancun trip with the frat to spend the time off on Cas’ uncle, Balthazar's, yacht with them.
They had been running late, which may have been on purpose, so they did not get a chance to look for Dean before the show started. They just made their way to the gymnasium and found empty seats, a little too close to the stage for Castiel’s comfort.
So far they’ve been on the same branch of the bayou everyday. There are many alligators there but they don’t do much. They don’t seem to be hunting there or mating or anything. Except, as Dean had so elegantly phrased it one day, chilling. Castiel had put it in his notes as a joke for himself.
“Usually,” Dean sighs. He squeezes his eyes shut for a second, before looking back at Cas, “I hadn’t seen him in almost a year, but then he came over a few days ago…”
He broke the lead of his mechanical pencil four times in a row before picking up a pen instead. He click-clicked it against the table incessantly and waited for Castiel’s response. He got nothing and soon forgot his efforts to annoy. He started doodling instead.
Instead Cas pulls on pajamas, and sits down at the desk in his room to look through the material from Bobby. It’s some general information on the Florida Fish and Wildlife Association, the bayou and the small company that Cas is renting boat + sassy guide through. He puts it aside and spends the rest of the night going through his own notes on his laptop, before turning in early with a belly full of room service burger.
Dean is jealous of whoever is getting a week-long sex trip with Castiel in LA and briefly wonders… Does Cas still want him to text him? He’s off getting laid and hanging out with other porn stars, why would he want
She was smiling at her phone, which she was holding in one hand, while she used the index finger of her other hand to type.
A shot girl in a tiny Taco Tuesday uniform stops Dean halfway through and hands him a shot, “You look like you could need a stiff one, handsome,” she grins.
“Definitely don’t wanna hear about that,” Sam says, “but it doesn’t sound like you’re on the verge of breaking up.”
“Hello, welcome to Coffee and Eat. What can I do you for today –uh, what can I do for you today?” his face heats up and he knows the blush is spreading to the tips of his ears and under his shirt with the name tag pinned on his chest. Sweat trails down his back. Other than that, he pretends like that didn’t just happen.
“Nah, he knows how I am,” Dean says without thinking. The he thinks. “Wait, hold up. Who? I don’t have a boyfriend.”
“Maybe you should take a break?” Castiel suggests while shutting his laptop to give Dean his full attention.
Charlie’s staring at her iPad, MIT’s website open. She scrolls through the majors, still undecided as she is. “Ugh this is so haaard.”
“Then why are you consummating your pairing when you haven't been being paired yet?” Fate asked, gesturing to the two of them, naked and sweaty and tangled in damp sheets.
Cas follows Bobby into the hut. There’s a desk and a table fan and no A/C. The papers on the desk whisper in the wind from the fan but are held down with rocks.
Cas catches Dean’s hand and pulls him down next to him. He strokes his fingers over Dean’s knuckles, and it soothes Dean a lot.
“See you later, Alligator,” Dean calls after him, and Cas smiles to himself all the way home. More or less. It’s a long flight.
to the end of that sentence but manages to cut himself off. From the smile in Cas’ eyes, Cas heard it anyway.
The guy was picking up books but stopped to look at Castiel. When he didn’t say anything else, the stranger smirked, “What? Incredibly handsome?”
does not know that that spot is his, and Castiel has now, on the third week in a row, arrived to school only to find some big, black expensive-looking monstrosity in
Jimmy seems to have the same idea, his expression unchanged as he squints at the blackboard behind Dean that presents the café’s menu.
Cas leaves to take a leak in the bushes outside because apparently they don’t have bathrooms here, or Sam and Dean’s hut doesn’t anyway, so he’s just supposed to do his business outside, and there are lavatories near the office huts if he needs to go number 2. Cas shudders.
Dean looks at him before looking out the window, chewing one finger nail as he reigns back his temper, “So yeah, nothing new.” He always ends up feeling a thousand times shittier when he takes it out on Sam.
The books are cracked at the paperback spine and half the pages have been dog-eared a dozen times. Castiel wonders how many times Dean has read them. He wonders what kind of connotations Dean has to the story. You don’t just read a book to destruction because of lyrics.
Castiel frowns and tries to grip Dean’s hand tighter when he tries to pull it away, “What’s wrong, Dean?”
“Deans setting up the boat so you should still be able to get a good trip out there today,” he tells Cas. Cas smiles to himself at that.
“What?” Dean hopes sheer will will keep him from blushing. To be safe he looks back into the motor, feigning disinterest. “Oh, uh. That’s messed up,” he mumbles.
Castiel’s eyes shone brightly as Dean followed, walking next to Bobby, another stunner not letting death destroy his looks or disposition.
He’s wearing actual heels tonight – he’d promised himself he was over the damn kitten heels! And they’re made of transparent plastic and have pom-poms on top. Other than that he’s wearing a tiny black maid-dress with a plunging neckline and a white little apron. He’s bartending remember? Whenever he bends over he flashes frilly pink panties. Not a model he’d ever actually wear – he keeps those to himself and Cas. The stockings are attached to his thighs with adhesive.
Castiel turned around to face Dean. They met in a beautiful kiss that earned them applause and cheers from their friends and family (and a few enemies that had promised to be on their best behaviour if they wanted to witness the ceremony).
“No,” Castiel glanced at her, “I have been tutoring. Dean’s show is coming up and he needs passing grades to participate.”
The teenagers scream and Dean catches a pair of them holding hands as they scramble through the door at the end of the hallway.
“I’m fine,” he lifts his shoulders to indicate the sweatshirt Dean gave him. He stuffs his hands in the pocket. Dean smiles. It’s his old high school baseball sweatshirt, with his last name and old team number.
It is after classes on a Friday and the offending ‘Impala’ is still there. The trio stands about a hundred yards away and stares at the car that is one of few in the parking lot this late in the afternoon before the weekend.
Dean grabs his wrist just to make sure he’s within reaching distance. “From the massive crush I have on you.”
everyone around these parts, even Cas now as he’d been there for a few weeks. And he doesn’t much want people to probe around in his sex life (or, you know) but he also wanted Dean to be safe. They hadn’t talked about it, but Cas just figured, Bible Belt and age difference and all.
studying now. They still had the planned schedule, but they managed to see each other several days a week on top of that. Dean didn’t know how they managed it, with all the rehearsals and Castiel’s clubs and volunteering. But they did. And when they didn’t they’d be ringing up their phone bills instead.
Castiel is leaning on the railing next to him, looking across the yard. “Jody did a good job with decorations.”
Castiel comes into Coffee and Eat every day, or at least every day that Dean is working, and Dean realizes two things over the course of December.
“Now come on, we have to fit you into the program. What song do you wanna lip sync?” Ruby is already walking away so Dean gives Cas a frantic kiss goodbye and hurries after her.
Dean always hates talking emotions but he can’t help the smile that bubbles up on his face. It’s been a little under month now since they became
This morning is quiet. Dean is tapping along to the radio in the steering wheel but doesn’t attempt a conversation with Cas. They don’t talk till they’re already on the boat and Cas directs Dean as to where he wants to go today.
As he made his way out of the kitchen, his mom yelled, “Remember to cover the marks on your neck from ‘
“Alright, who shot Dean and Castiel?” The cherub demanded upon returning to the cherub branch of heaven.
“So who started?” Dean grins. He’s gotten the feeling, in the past, that Castiel is uncomfortable discussing his profession, but Dean can’t help himself. The Milton family business is
He gets up when he has to pee about an hour later, and then watches the True Hollywood Story of a celebrity he’s too old to have heard of. He stares out the kitchen window while he eats cereal, and he really, really wants to call Cas.
“When you say one-night stand, do you mean one night at a time?” Charlie says teasingly, and that has Dean’s attention.
Anna leans back and smiles up at Cas, “Cas, this is Dean,” She introduces like Castiel wasn’t the one sitting here with him to begin with, “We went out last year. Cas is my little brother,” she tells the last part to Dean.
He tries not to smile down at his phone, but it is probably a lost cause. Victor throws an eraser at him that Dean throws right back. Thankfully, there are no other jabs as their professors are all pop quiz terrorists and the library is serious about their silent sections.
They’re sitting pretty close on the couch. Dean has sat down near the armrest, because that’s his spot, ass print and all, and Castiel had plopped down right next to him, folding his feet under him.
The graduation goes well of course and they all celebrate with beer and friends, and Dean allows himself one evening of being stress-free because he’s fucking done and he’ll worry about that job interview tomorrow. Or maybe the day after that, when he's not hungover anymore.
Cas just smiles for the rest of the day. In the cold shower he takes, at dinner in the hotel restaurant, answering work emails and watching Scrubs before bed. He even falls asleep smiling.
Dean chuckles, and using the hand that’s not clutching Cas’, he feels his way up his arm. He finds Cas’ shoulder and navigates to his neck and jaw from there. He rubs his thumb gingerly across his jawline and cheekbone, resting it briefly against Cas’ full lips that are soft against his rough skin.
Castiel licked his lips, eyeing Dean’s own before meeting his eyes, “Maybe you deserve a reward. One that's not just a shitty movie on a laptop screen.”
Dean turns to him but barely. “What are your plans today? Do we have to leave right now?” His voice echoes slightly in the huge shower.
“Don’t worry. I should call for a ride too, actually,” Cas says as they start walking towards the exit.
Dean feels bad enough about Sam getting dumped right before Valentine’s Day even though it’s a bullshit capitalist fuckfest, so he agrees to go after all. He’s in no mood to cook them dinner anyway.
“I don’t, jerk. I just know you’re really into him and, I don’t know, had a hard time reading him. Just… Did you figure out where you stand?” Sam shrugs.
“You wanna watch something else?” he asked knowingly, like he’d just been waiting for one of them to say it.
He says it with a blank face and Dean curses his stupid crush for the smile that splits across his face at such a dumb joke. He hits Cas with the flat end of his rubber axe.
farmer’s market. And I tell about my classes, but you don’t study law so you don’t get it. I tell you because it’s something exciting that happened to me, okay?” Sam is exasperated and Dean hates it when people are mad at him. And he
Bobby calms down, “Listen, how ‘bout I make a trip down to you guys. I haven’t seen you in a while. Then we’ll figure something out, Dean. You ain’t quitting school.”
“Shoulda brought a book or something,” Dean mumbles. Castiel finishes his sentence and without moving from his position, reaches into his bag at his feet and fishes out a book. He holds it over his shoulder, offering it to Dean with accompanying pen stuck to a couple of pages.
“I would like that very much but I can’t make it this Friday,” he’s not meeting Dean’s eyes but he’s a nervous fella so Dean doesn’t put too much thought to it.
“He’s the pirate in Dodgeball,” Dean supplies. He can relate to recognizing an actor and not remembering where the fuck from. Thank God for IMDb.
That might be what spurs him to do it. When Cas stops a bit before the open door with a “This is me,” Dean cups his cheek and kisses him briefly. He doesn’t dwell after, just says “Text me,” with a smile and leaves a smiling and sort of dazed Cas.
“Dude,” Sam says, “When are you gonna introduce me to this person? You’ve been seeing them for what, a month?”
They put on Resident Evil on Dean’s laptop and pass the bong back and forth for a while as they catch up. It’s nice, getting high and hanging out with someone that knew Dean at a simpler time (not that Dean’s had a single simple time in his life).
Hanna stared at the side of his face for a few seconds, wanting to crack him without having to say a word. After a few seconds she opened her mouth to speak anyway.
But then Dean is done with the buttons and he doesn’t seem to have any “for being 39” hang ups as he barely flips the shirt open before his hands are on his chest, his shoulders, arms. His mouth is gone, but found again on his nipples, that graze of teeth back and Castiel sighs. And Dean keeps going south.
“This is just so typical Dean! First it’s the whole bisexual thing, where I have to literally walk in on you, and then it’s this thing with Castiel, that I had to hear from Jo, and now this. Why won’t you just fucking tell me things, Dean? Don’t you trust me?” Sam is standing up and because he’s freakishly tall
Castiel shrugged nonchalantly, “I just… I think if you were to ask me on a date, I might make an exception.”
Dean leaned back in his chair, an eyebrow raised in defiance, “3.30? Sorry mom, no can do. The bus takes half an hour to just get home.” When he gets the distinct feeling that she’s not listening to a word he’s saying he leans forward over the island top again, “Mom! Then I have to
“It’s alright, I just… I’m not used to people knowing about it,” he shrugs. “But the community is very… It’s a lot of partying and rumors and substance abuse.”
Sam comes home on Sunday afternoon and Dean is eating dinner of a takeout cheeseburger in front of the TV.
But Castiel really has half a mind to. To just find the guy, wait for him to get to his car and just let him know! That that spot is Castiel’s, and Castiel needs it to pass his midterms. That guy has some nerve if he really thinks he can just barge into Castiel’s routine like this and demand such a fundamental thing to Castiel's well being, and now Castiel has to park two blocks away, by the convenience store on Main street, but then he has to walk those two blocks so he has to leave earlier, which means he has to get up earlier, which means he has to go to bed earlier, and do you see the problem here?
For some reason Castiel couldn’t fathom, Dean really thought that Castiel didn’t love him, and that he was just some student he had been tutoring. Castiel found it hard to believe and was disappointed in himself if he had treated Dean in a way that would really make him feel insignificant.
He’s smiling down at Cas and leans over him on his arms, but holds back, looking unsure. Castiel leans up on his elbows and pulls Dean’s mouth to his, tasting his release on the younger man’s tongue.
