“What do you mean you haven’t found him?” he asked through clenched teeth. It sounded stilted, lost. He hadn’t really succeeded in getting himself under control. And maybe that was another reason they’d met so out of the way.
“Gentleman, if you did not receive a rose, I’m sorry,” Chris said, standing in front of them again. “Take a minute to say your goodbyes.”
But he kept it on the end table all the same. He loved the memories attached to it.
The kitchen had been empty when he walked in, which was somewhat surprising. But as he loaded a plate with different crackers and things, someone walked in. He glanced up and fought an eye roll, determined to get out of the kitchen as soon as possible.
Everything was fading, his vision growing blurry. He felt impossibly cold, even as his cheeks grew hot. His breaths were coming a little faster, too, each one racking his lungs and shaking his body.
There was a thread with Claire. He opened it and nearly lost himself, the tears hot and heavy behind his eyes, ready to escape. But he didn’t let them. Dean offered Claire advice, if he had to guess it was about Kaia. Told her just to talk to her about it. Told her that it didn’t have to be awkward now that she was back from the dead. Told her to grab onto any happiness she could find and never let go.
“Cas, I want to tell you something.”
Dean let the shirt fall to his side, his eyes still fixed on Cas, a curious expression on his face. And Cas, he couldn’t help but stare back.
Cas looked at Dean, the fear more present now, eyes rimmed red, before nodding to Sam. “Good,” he said tightly. “Excellent. What?”
“What?” he gulped, eyes still fixed on the register.
Cas watched him the whole time, sitting on the counter with his legs dangling over the side. Occasionally he would reach for Dean, wanting to touch him, to make sure he was real.
He was warm. Impossibly warm. His husband was wrapped around him and the heavy weight of their blankets pushed him further into the mattress.
The elevator ride felt like it took a few hours rather than thirty or so seconds. When he finally stepped out, he felt relaxed again. Yeah, he was about to be shooting a goddamn reality T.V. show. But he was nothing if not adaptable.
He pulled back his blood-soaked shirt from his shoulder and looked more closely at the wound. Neither cut was nearly as deep as he’d thought they were, and he rotated his shoulder a couple times, nothing there was a sharp stab each time, but he could still move it.
Cas’ could only nod, the song became foggy and distant and the lights danced around him again. He felt his breathing pick up again and he looked down, blurry eyes making out his shaking hands.
One of the P.A.'s Cas didn’t know tapped the back of his shoulder and he whirled around.
And they were his final moments. He had no delusions about that. Cas was never coming back. Ever. There were no deals, no resurrections, no last ditch efforts to save him. He was just gone. The love of Dean’s life was gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
She smiled gratefully at him and listened to something in her headset before continuing. “How do you feel about getting the first impression rose?”
“We got-” he paused, as if to reconsider. As if every word wasn’t carefully weighed before it was spoken. “I got caught up in something. And they took Dean. He’s alive, though.”
The veins in the man’s neck bulged as he gulped, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “They’ll kill you,” he muttered.
“I think so,” she said softly. “What do they say about getting older? You tell the truth more because you know that lies… they don’t make anything better.”
Dean felt tears well up in his eyes and he stepped closer in the wet sand, pressing himself against Cas. But the former angel wasn’t finished.
He was ready to bleed for both of them. To suffer for both of them. Whether it was a desire to pay for his sins or simply a seemingly unending loyalty, he was always there.
As soon as the angel was settled, he snuggled into him, wrapping his entire body around him. They didn’t normally get this close. It was easier to pretend it was platonic otherwise.
Dean just snorted and shook his head in disbelief.
“Mrs-,” he paused for effect, even though he never forgot a name, “Autry, was it?”
He didn’t know how much time passed. Didn’t notice himself swaying. Didn’t notice the camera guy getting closer to make sure he had a good shot.
They stayed there, just breathing together. Then Cas smiled and ran a thumb over Dean’s lip.
-------
Jack counted them off with a ready, set, go, and before he knew it, the sled was slipping over the edge and hurtling down the hill.
Her mouth fell open as she smiled and she shook her head. “I just wanted to say,” he said, swinging their hands lightly together, “Ben has amazing taste in music.”
“Good. How are you, Dean?”
Mom would cry. She’d be tough about it, sure. Probably dredge up some wisdom that would have him pausing for a second, but she would cry in the end. Tears would slide down her face as she looked into Dean’s eyes, pleading even when she knew the pleas fell on deaf ears.
“Ash, you think Dean needs a boyfriend, right?” Charlie asked, twirling her hair innocently.
Dean wished he could save the frozen expression of shocked joy on Cas’ face for forever. As it was though, he barely looked at it for two seconds. That was how long it took him to close the gap between them, brushing their lips lightly together.
Jack smiled at all of them then shimmered, his body disappearing into nothingness. But he wasn’t gone. Not really. This was a goodbye that would sting, but it was beautiful too.
“Why did you call me?” Cas sounded slightly more impatient now, but Dean sensed the underlying message. Cas knew him better than anyone. He knew he was deflecting. Knew he had a real reason for calling. And it didn’t matter what the angel was doing, for whatever reason he would stop and he would listen to Dean.
“Hello, boys,” a gravelly voice tinged with a British accent whispered as a man wearing a black trenchcoat emerged from the shadows.
Cas heard his name and looked up, trying to ignore the way everything was moving in slow motion around him. He nodded to the other guys mechanically and fixed a smile on his face, following the coach that took his arm and glancing back to see Dean walking behind him, his face flushed again.
Dean shoved a jalepeño popper in his mouth in response, but it was still hot from the oven and he spit it back onto his plate, coughing and reaching for his beer. Lamp guy was just staring at him, his head still tilted, his eyes full of confusion.
Cas thought bitterly.
John snorted and leaned back against the doorframe. “About what?”
But it was still fucking hard. Cas just wasn’t
“Hey,” Caitlin said, her tone suddenly shifting. “That thing,” she paused, turning to face him. “Were you scared?”
“Okay, Dean.”
Jake was on the opposite corner of the couch, talking to a tall guy that gave Dean chills just looking at him. As he stood in the doorway, Benny called his name and motioned him over.
Hell had never really left Dean. Cas had pulled him out, lost angels in the process. But part of it had come with him. Even all these years later, he still sometimes woke with the heavy stench of sulfur filling his nostrils.
Her companion’s eyebrow raised at the word husband and Cas rolled his eyes slightly, forcing a civil expression.
“Next time,” Dean grit his teeth to stop himself from saying it, to stop himself from hurting his little brother. But he couldn’t stop it. “Next time you won’t be able to save me.”
“Sweetheart, I don’t beg.”
“Dean!” The voice was urgent, loud, and so familiar. He let himself stay in Cas’ arms, pressing himself into his chest, not bothering to look up at Sam.
Then Sam walked up and Dean finally met his eyes. He expected judgement, amusement, or some scorn. But all he saw on Sam’s face was pride. Pride in his older brother for finally taking this step, for finally doing what he should have done years ago.
He heard footsteps behind him as he looked around, trying to get his bearings as quickly as possible. A bright fluorescent light hung from the ceiling and he squinted at it, quickly averting his eyes. He knew Cas had a few places like this too, but he never pressed him for details. He figured it would be safer for both of them.
“How do you think that went?” she asked. “And, I’ll remind you since it’s been a few days since you did one of these, please include the question in your answer.”
Taking it, she nodded and gave him a weak smile. “I’ve dealt with worse. But thank you, Dean.”
He heard raised voices and frowned in confusion, hurrying his step.
Dean pulled back and looked into Cas’ wide eyes, watching as he gulped and tried to gauge Dean’s state, his reaction that he’d never gotten to see.
Cas just hummed in response, leaning into Dean for support.
Dean barked a short laugh. The answer was so purely, painfully Cas.
“Well,” she said, smiling broadly. “We all know why you really want him. He’s just your pretty little trophy wife.”
playing over and over as he was filled with visions of Cas, lifeless on the ground.
Dean watched distractedly as Benny walked up to her, tilting his head like he was used to wearing a hat. Lisa pouted at something he said and then smiled, her eyes glittering the whole time.
That wasn’t to say he didn’t approve of their relationship. He often said he’d never seen Dean happier.
“I love you,” Cas said, tears now flowing freely from his eyes.
Dean snorted and shoved past him toward the door. “I said shut the hell up.”
“I’m sorry,” he muttered. “I shouldn’t have-”
Naomi made a quick note on the clipboard and then nodded.
He was gone. Not dead yet, thank God. But Cas needed a plan for tonight. Because otherwise Dean would die. They would both die.
“Yeah,” he said with a laugh. He held her tight, the tornado of emotions inside him threatening to break free. Then he looked up and saw the reason he was here. His heart nearly stopped, but by some heavenly miracle, it kept beating.
Dean, on the other hand, was a natural. He made all of it look easy, like he’d been doing it his whole life. And he did the whole thing with a swagger in his step that Cas knew for a
“I can’t- They’re making us strip, Dean,” he said pointedly, still keeping his voice a whisper. “In front of a bunch of strangers. In goddamn
But something in the back caught Cas’ eye and he peered closer, letting his eyes adjust to the lights and the smoke.
his mind finished the lie. “Just,” he tried again. “Just promise you’ll stay, this time. Promise you won’t do anything stupid.”
He looked down at the handprint again and fit his hand into it. It shouldn’t have still been wet. Not now. But it was, sticking slightly to Dean’s fingers.
He changed quickly, and he could almost feel Dean’s eyes burning into him until he looked up and Dean jerked his head away. Cas smirked and climbed back onto the bed, exhaustion seeping in.
“Hunt with Garth? I don’t know. He never seemed too fond of me.” Cas’ voice was laced with sarcasm and Dean couldn’t help the smile that grew on his face.
The guy kept his gaze on the floor but shifted slightly. When he spoke, his voice was extremely low, almost seeming to shake Dean’s chest with the force of it. “My mom told me never to greet a lady empty-handed.”
your son,” Cas said, his tone growing more light-hearted. “Well in that case, my sincerest apologies.”
“Okay,” Dean said, walking toward them and sitting on the bed facing Cas. “Okay,” he seemed to have run out of words.
“No, don’t- don’t take him,” Cas mumbled, writhing on the bed.
It wasn’t just for that, though, that he deserved the pain. It was for the years of wasted opportunities. Years of mistreatment, of taking the angel for granted, of stolen glances that never quite made it to words.
Dean shuddered visibly, but then he seemed to relax, an easy grin spreading across his face. “You sure about that, angel?”
He shook his head, knowing at this point he was stalling, though for the life of him he didn’t know why. Then he whipped the blinds closed and slipped out of his sweats and loose t-shirt. He threw them haphazardly into one of his two suitcases that could stand to be packed a little neater, and turned to the other, carefully pulling the suit out.
Dean reached over a hand and ruffled it through his hair, careful to watch Cas for any sign of flinching, any sign that he needed to be left untouched. But Cas leaned into it, his eyes dark even as his body relaxed, finally not shaking anymore.
He untangled himself from the bed and stood to face her.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We just got two, we figured we could share,” Sam said, passing his hot chocolate to Dean.
“Well, nowhere until Dean helps me with something,” Sam said pointedly.
“I don’t know, Cas,” he whispered. He couldn’t stop staring, couldn’t stop looking at him because if he blinked, if he looked away for one second then the angel would be gone again. And if that happened he definitely wouldn’t get him back. That time he would be past unfixable and right on to alone.
But that didn’t mean he wasn’t gonna try. That he wasn’t gonna enjoy the ride. Hell, the free food was half the reason he’d signed up.
His jaw went slack and his eyes widened just a little. It seemed like an eternity, waiting for him to respond. Waiting for a finger to get cut off, an eye to be taken out, a vein to be cut. But Crowley just stood there, his eyes cold and empty.
“The guy with the lamp?” Dean snorted, careful of each word. This guy was probably going home tonight, so it wouldn’t really matter what he said. But he didn’t want to seem too cruel, too invested in the other guys. “Look, Cas is- Castiel seems okay. I just don’t think Lisa’s the girl for him, you know? And I definitely don’t think he’s the guy for Lisa.”
“Gentlemen,” Chris started, “Welcome to your first rose ceremony. Hopefully you all know how it works. When Lisa calls your name step forward to accept the rose. Dean,” everyone’s eyes turned to him but he kept his eyes on Chris, “you got the first impression rose. Nothing to worry about tonight. Everyone else… if you do not receive a rose, you will be going home immediately.”
The party lapsed into awkward silence, and Cas felt Dean shift beside him, clearly searching for a topic of conversation. Cas squeezed his arm a little and looked straight ahead with clear eyes. They could handle a little silence. And Dean needed to remember, even if this was his event, Cas was in control.
The producers had warned them not to be shy in holding back their reactions. They were all already miked, and while Lisa wouldn’t be able to hear much through the limo, the fans seeing this in a few months would appreciate the reactions.
“Is everything okay? You never answered my text.”
“Dean.” He tried not to let his voice show how unnerved he was, but the word came out tight.
“It does,” Jack agreed solemnly.
“Dean,” Jack started, and Dean looked back at the floor. He knew what was coming. He’d been prepared for this. But he still couldn’t do it. “What made him happy?”
The wedding had been beautiful. Maybe not by typical standards, but Dean had loved every second of it. They’d been in the woods out behind Donna’s cabin. Dean just wanted close friends and family. But way more people came than they had planned for. Hunters they’d helped out, even some people they’d saved. And in the end, Dean was grateful to look out at the huge crowd in the evening light and see them all smiling back at him and Cas.
Cas stood and went into the main stage area where a buffet had been set up. He made a beeline for some honey and toast and then left the room, not bothering to chat it up and see how the other guys were doing.
When the limo started rolling again, the conversation immediately stopped. Everyone was staring out the windows, waiting for the first glance of this season’s bachelorette.
“I just-” he stopped and cleared his throat and Cas almost interjected to get to the point before him. He and Sam were on fairly good terms. He was one of the few people Cas could genuinely call a friend. But Sam blamed him for a lot, too. Blamed him for some of Dean’s bad habits.
It went fuzzy for a while. Then he saw bright lights above his head and let his eyes fall open. He was in a hospital bed, tight bandages clinging to his arms.
our souls. Love, Lisa.”
There were five or six guys in every room. Which was just fine by him. Until it wasn’t.
“Listen to me, though. He’s gone. Chuck is defeated, and yet the universe goes on. He has no power over us. Do you understand?”
“That’s me.”
He couldn’t look at the kid. Not now. So instead he looked up at Sam, his eyes broken, pleading for him to understand. To understand why he was sinking lower and lower as every happy thought left his body. To understand why he would never be truly happy again. To understand that today, he’d lost everything.
“Sounds good.”
Crowley pulled out a handkerchief and wiped the back of his hands before tucking it neatly back into his pocket. “We don’t need anything from you, Dean. Not really. I mean, eventually, we’ll kill you.” He chuckled softly and stepped forward, grabbing Dean’s bruised jaw and turning him so their eyes met. “But I need to get Castiel here first. I want to have him watch the life drain from your eyes, watch you beg for mercy.”
Benny got animated after that, going through a couple different models they’d just brought in. Dean listened intently, glad he’d found someone with at least some sense in this hellhole. After a minute, he looked up and saw the lamp guy watching him. Just staring from across the room, his face intense but somehow blank.
So, what? He and Cas were semi-retired? Worked day jobs and killed monsters on the weekend?
Dean got on the sled and looked anywhere but at his brother and kid while Cas climbed on behind him. Cas pulled his knees to his chest, almost not touching Dean at all.
The music started up and they took the stage, the crowd going wild, Lisa in the front with a soft smile, her hands crossed over her legs as she leaned forward.
He got dressed quickly, his fingers shaking slightly on the buttons. Mostly, though, he was in control. And if he went home tonight, what was the worst that could happen? He’d go back to the garage, Bobby would give him shit, Lee probably would too, and then he’d get on with his life.
Dean gulped and laughed bitterly. “Why? What’s the point?”
Dean reached for Cas’ hand instinctively and the other man took it, rubbing it gently with his thumb. Then he settled his intense gaze on Dean and the hunter was lost. The waves faded to the background, the salt water soaking his sweats became meaningless, and he stared into the electric blue that never failed to trap him.
Dean blew hot air onto his hands and rubbed them together before pulling on his gloves. The sun hung heavy in the sky, its harsh rays glinting off the snow straight into his eyes.
Speak of the devil (or angel, in Cas’ mind), Dean was weaving through the crowd toward him. He’d rented a black tux--Cas would have bought him a nicer one, but he’d refused--and it hugged his form tightly. Dean so rarely dressed up, Cas felt his pulse tick up slightly at the sight. But even if his breathing increased slightly, he looked perfectly calm from the outside. Staying calm under duress was one of his many specialties.
“He's-” he started. He couldn’t say it. Otherwise it might slip away. He’d hadn’t even mentioned Cas’ name since it happened… it hurt too much. It hurt too much to think about what Cas had said. To think about how he’d just stood there, the world collapsing all around him.
It was so much better than the daydream. So much better than a fake poison-induced existence. He felt like he was soaring, flying above the Earth and all it’s beauty. Cas tasted sweet against him, and the warmth radiating off him could have kept Dean warm in the middle of a snowstorm.
And Sam wasn’t having the wake alone. He couldn’t do it alone or he would throw himself right into that goddamn fire and burn right next to his brother.
Confusion settled over the room and everyone around him chattered excitedly about what it could mean. What secrets they would have to tell. Cas glanced up at Anna who had a smile touching the corners of her mouth.
He and Dean had taken the afternoon off. After lunch, they’d wandered around town. When they saw the Western shop, Dean had insisted they stopped. He had always loved cowboys, almost to an unhealthy amount. But Cas, as always, was happy to indulge.
“What?”
“Aren’t your hands cold?”
“Cas,” he breathed into the empty air. Then he stopped. That was it. That was all he could say. Because he hadn’t said that name since- since Cas was taken. He hadn’t said that name since the angel had been standing in front of him, tear-streaked face filled with an expression of joy Dean had never seen before.
Then he nodded to the men and they rushed forward, roughly grabbing Dean’s arms and pulling him to the floor.
Dean always knew he’d go out at the edge of a blade or the barrel of a gun. He hadn’t thought he’d get to choose which one.
“No, really, man. What’s the lamp for?” Dean folded his arms across his chest and let his weight fall onto one leg.
His phone buzzed and he pulled it away from his ear. There was a new text from Cas.
Cas tilted his head and looked up and down Dean’s face. “Yes… yes I suppose they are.”
“Hey!” Charlie said cheerfully, coming up from behind him. She tied her apron around her waist and took her place next to him at the second cash register. “Slow morning?”
Benny stood up, looking dazed, and wandered up to his room.
Sam knew Dean would hate him for it. Would snatch the phone from his hands and glare at him and probably avoid him for the rest of the day. Looking through his stuff was right up there with talking about his feelings in terms of unpardonable offenses.
The line went dead and Dean hung his head. It was all too perfect. It fit too well, it didn’t feel real.
The lights on the stage were bright, and Cas squinted up at them, resisting the urge to raise a hand. He could do this. He could do some stupid dance moves. He glanced over at Lisa, her head bent over a clipboard with Scott, a smile fixed to her face so natural she probably didn’t even know it was there. She was enjoying this. He could- he had to.
That got a bigger reaction, a murmur of conversation running through the room while a few guys got to say their piece.
As soon as he saw the name, it all melted away. All the frustration, the nerves that he would never admit still wracked him whenever he killed a man, the sound of tires rolling up still echoing in his mind. All of it gone, replaced with a single name:
“We aren’t rolling yet.”
After a tense silence, Cas finally raised his gaze. His eyes were still red, but there were no tears there. “Like you’ve never felt the same, Dean.” His voice was quiet. Almost a whisper.
Cas smiled through the pain. Perfect.
It didn’t exactly sound… bad. He poured himself a cup of coffee and saw a phone plugged in next to the machine. He lifted it and scrolled through a few notifications before unlocking it with his thumbprint.
“We always talk about it. Why don’t we just go for it?”
Then, before he could back out, before he could let that lump in his throat send tears streaming down his face, he kissed him. He kissed him like he’d been wanting to for years, pouring all the fear, the desperation, the utter loss he’d felt when Cas left him into the motion.
Dean could almost hear everyone stop breathing.
He finished the drink and set in on the counter before calling their name, then he returned to the cash register. Ash handed the other customer their drink and the three of them were left alone in the coffee shop.
He looked at Cas and grinned, his heart beating erratically when Cas smiled back.
Dean jerked his gaze away from her and her stupid clipboard and fixed a cocky smile on her face. “You know, I haven’t gotten any one-on-one time yet. But I’m not worried about it at all. She and I had a great first talk, and the night’s still young. Of course, I want that time with her, but there’s a lot of guys here, and you have to be realistic.”
“I would have,” she said. She forced what should have been a playful laugh, but he could tell she was still shaken. “But I appreciate it all the same.” She looked at him thoughtfully and took a deep breath.
“I didn’t say it back,” he said finally, his voice breaking.
He woke up late, looking around blurrily as the sun filtered in through the small window in the corner. He could see Nick, Benny, and Harry all fast asleep in the beds across from him, but when he pulled himself down the ladder (why had he chosen a top bunk again?) Dean’s bed was neatly made and empty.
He didn’t deserve to live on when Cas was gone.
Then she turned toward a stage near the front and they all followed suit as the music stopped and the lights dimmed.
Everything was warm and safe and bright and nothing else seemed to matter. He couldn’t remember why he and Cas didn’t normally get this close. It was some distant warning voice in his head, but the voice was too far away.
That was the real hardest part. Being watched. Constantly.
Castiel was in his mind again. But this time it wasn’t the tear-filled love confession. It was just a serene Cas. The one he so often saw. The contemplative look that Dean loved.
“Yeah, I- Do you need to go? You can go…” It would be so much easier if Cas just hung up. Because if he stayed on… Dean was going to do it.
It was cold and the wind flung sand into his eyes. But it didn’t matter. None of it mattered.
When they broke apart a second later, he couldn’t stop the grin splitting his face, the happiness bursting through him, clearing his mind of thoughts.
“Having a good time?” he asked Lisa with a smile.
Part of it was a selfish desire to not want the long days spent alone at the house to be miserable. When Lisa wasn’t there and they had to be content with just each other’s company.
Cas’ eyebrows raised slightly at the sight of it. He’d sold it just weeks ago after taking it off a high-ranking government official. He’d almost bemoaned the loss, regardless of the profit. Dean had looked amazing with it and nothing else on. He glanced down at Dean and saw the blush rising in his cheeks. He pulled him a little closer to his body then guided him over to the couple.
Even as he set out to come clean, his web of lies was just growing in strength, wrapping around him until he suffocated. Lies were for other people. They made it better for them. They had to.
Jack was his son now. That was final. He wasn’t letting his
He looked back toward the building and saw Lisa standing in front of the big double doors, a broad grin fixed to her face. Her smile was infectious, and he couldn’t help a small smile back as all the guys gathered around.
Dean took it all well, an easy smile on his face, and Cas felt a stab of jealousy. Pretty, a good cook, charismatic, must be a fun way to go through life.
Not that it mattered; tonight was Dean’s night.
He saw the fist coming, but he didn’t dodge it. He just steeled himself as it slammed into his right cheek, managing to stop himself from flinching entirely.
Before Cas could answer Ajay walked back in and pointed to the outfits laid out on the floor.
So they would do it again. He would figure out a way before tomorrow night to save them both. Because Dean Winchester was his. And he’d be damned if he was going to let Crowley take him.
He pulled Dean’s chair out and gently guided him down with his hands on his shoulders before pushing the chair in for him. He took his seat right next to Dean, and then sat in silence as the rest of the table filled up.
He couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face. Dean sounded so young, so innocent. He only let himself get like this when he was talking to Cas. That’s when the wall came down. “Yes.”
He just hoped to God they had beer and he wouldn’t have to drink this fruity shit for the next couple months.
Lisa was a good sport, staggering dramatically back with a look of mock horror on her face. It was all forced though, and when he finally walked up to greet her, she gave him a look like she wanted to run. She gave him a quick hug and exchanged a few words before gesturing for him to go inside.
Both Benny and Dean shook their heads and Mick stood, disappearing into the kitchens.
When he walked back into the rehearsal space, Dean was standing alone in the room, lifting up and examining the cowboy costumes layed out in the center.
Free of the rope, his hands came forward easily, but his motions were clumsy, pain clouding his thoughts. He clawed at her throat, pushing her back and throwing his whole weight on her. His only advantage here was brute strength and size.
As he gently placed the picture back in its spot, he heard a distant buzzing. Casting a glance around the room, he saw his phone lying on the floor. Holding back a yawn, he walked over and picked it up.
Cas tilted his head and folded his hands on the table in front of him. “Me?” he asked slowly.
Dean just scoffed and grabbed his suitcases before shoving one under the bed and pulling a pair of gray sweats and a loose black t-shirt out.
Dean gulped again and nodded. He was sure he was being obvious… but at this point, what did it matter? He had to find Cas. He had to find Cas and tell him- well, and give him an answer. He had to explain why he hadn’t gotten him out while he was on Earth. Had to explain that he’d tried… even if Sam didn’t know.
Good choice.”
Tomorrow morning they would wake up together in the same bed, curled into each other. Cas would be whole again, because Dean would be there.
“Fine,” he shot back. “Maybe it’s not, but we’re talking about this.” Cas just shook his head, meeting Dean’s eyes defiantly.
She pulled him into a hug and he held her tightly before letting go, keeping his hands lightly in hers.
“I-” Dean took a deep breath and pushed himself against the brick wall. It was cold outside, but not unbearably. Still, a coldness was seeping through his limbs even as he started sweating more than before. “I want to tell you what I was going to tell you in Purgatory.”
“Of course. I’m going to make you something first, though, okay? Do you want to come with me or do you want to meet me out there?”
A few minutes later, Lisa walked into the room. She settled onto the couch and exchanged a few words with the guys while the producers arranged everyone around her in a semicircle.
Her smile was contagious and soon the whole room was beaming, sneaking glances at each other but mostly keeping their eyes fixed on her. There were a few murmured answers to her question, most people too afraid to say anything.
“Wow. You sound like you don’t even care. And here you go on and on about how much you love this kid-”
He could still feel him quivering slightly beneath his arms, but Dean nodded. He stood without taking his arms from around Cas, then guided him through the halls of the small cottage to the kitchen.
Neither of them looked too disappointed and he glanced between them, eyes narrowing. “What did you do?”
“I remember,” he said with a wink. Shit, he was gonna have to turn that off whenever he wasn’t around Lisa.
They just kept staring at him, stupid grins just getting stupider, so Dean turned away and started messing with the cash register. Part of him wasn’t mad though. Hell, none of him was mad. Castiel had his number.
“This-” Sam cleared his throat and Dean looked over at him, still tangled with Cas. “This isn’t real.”
Cas appeared slowly, his form materializing slowly from the shimmering air. He blinked several times and looked around slowly. A soft smile spread across his face as he saw Jack and Sam and then he looked at Dean and his face froze. It was still half of a smile, but it was also terrified.
“Yeah,” he said, trying to keep the tightness from his voice. “The front is great for me.”
He cupped Cas’ face in his hands and turned his eyes to meet his own, drowning out everything else.
His heart was pounding in his chest but he didn’t dare look back. He knew if he did, he would crumple to the ground. His legs would just give out and he would take whatever punishment John deemed necessary. So he just walked. Got behind the wheel and tore away, his throat dry and his hands shaking but his heart at peace.
He nodded and cleared his throat. “I think that went really well. I think if I can just be myself, I won’t have a problem.” He tried to remember the person he wanted to portray to the audience. The cocky, slightly arrogant, but overall sweet guy. “And I’m really hopeful that I’ll get a chance to talk to Ben about Zepp, kid’s got taste.”
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and looked at his feet. Maybe he was being stupid. Because it hadn’t really been that bad, right? He’d made it all up. His dad had been through a lot. He had every right to treat them like he did. And Dean had never measured up. Had never been good enough. That was on him.
“What did you see?”
“She’s at her parents for the week. What the hell is going on, Cas?” Sam’s voice was less controlled now, it was starting to rise. Which was exactly what Cas needed. “What happened to Dean?” Sam added forcefully when Cas didn’t answer.
Dad would laugh. Would say he was a weak fag who was getting worked up over nothing. Would say that giving up was the most selfish and cowardly thing Dean could do. And maybe it was selfish. Maybe it proved how much of a coward he was. He was past caring.
anything.”
“Makeup?” They both turned to look at Dean.
He woke up in a pile in the living room, sunlight streaming in through the windows. He didn’t remember falling asleep.
Cas nodded and turned back to the food, so Dean took that as his cue to leave. To leave and finally get some one-on-one time with Lisa. He had to find her, or why was he even here? If he didn’t make it past tonight… well, if he didn’t make it past tonight he wouldn’t even have the chance to fall in love. And he was here to fall in love.
When they finally stopped she looked up at him, tears thick on her face from the full-body coughs that had taken her over just moments before. “Fuck off,” she whispered, her voice hoarse.
He glared up at Benny who just shrugged and gestured at his claimed top bunk before jumping off it and rummaging through his suitcase.
Cas refocused his attention on Garth, who had finished the list of names and was now flipping the card over to read the date aloud.
He sighed deeply before turning back and smiling brightly at Cas, handing him the drink.
“Cas,” Dean breathed as he reached him. And Cas almost let a smile slip out, just at that one simple word. The smile he reserved for himself, when no one else could see him. The smile that he even hid from Dean, most of the time anyway.
“You took something from me,” Crowley repeated, “and now I’m going to take something from you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They finally had what they’d never had on Earth. Time. And they were going to use every last second of it.
It had been perfect. Maybe he could have even been happy. But it was just a dream.
He burst out into the bright sunlight, collapsing on the ground, leaning against the Impala. It hadn’t even lasted long. Why was he so upset? He’d been there for less than a day.
“What did you do?” Cas said haltingly.
Drawing the blinds closed quickly, he almost missed the sprawling city below him. It really was beautiful, even though he would deny that to his grave. He’d always hated LA. Their dad had taken them here once when he was a kid… it didn’t matter now.
Cas reached up a hand and slowly trailed it down Dean’s cheek, noting how quickly he leaned into the touch. “I’m sure.”
He held the phone to his ear and waited on baited breath as it rang. Once. Twice. Then a soft click.
. So Sam was happy here too. Maybe he could just… Dean glanced at the clock. “Uh, Cas is gonna be home soon.”
Castiel was gone and Dean Winchester was damned.
“Why not just one kiss?” he heard Jake’s voice saying.
As he walked past the fountain and toward the door, Hannah gestured for him to follow her into a side room where a camera was set up in front of a chair.
The arm around him loosened slightly and he pushed it off of him entirely, climbing out of the bed and practically sprinting around it so he could reach Cas’ other side.
Lisa wrapped her arms around him then pulled back, nodding and smiling to his words. She laid a hand on the lamp and Dean thought he could see her say “thank you,” before bursting into laughter again.
“Anyway,” she said dramatically, her voice lowering as she turned toward the doors, “let’s find out what you got yourselves into.”
He cleared his throat and looked away at the TV in the corner. It was playing a rerun of the
His grip tightened as the angel leaned into him cautiously, still obviously hesitant in his motions. He’d been thrown back to Earth, into the arms of Dean Winchester, and his entire soul was laid bare between them.
“You’re a great guy,” she said. “And, I wanna get to know you better. So,” she smiled, laughing a little. “Dean, will you accept this rose?”
He got his hands ready, letting go of the rope he was still holding tight around his wrists. “Well he’s dead. And he’s never coming back.” His jaw ached with every word, but it paid off. As soon as the words left his mouth her demeanor shifted completely. She narrowed her eyes and let out an almost feral growl before lunging forward, striking him across the face.
“Dean-”
“Let’s go,” Cas repeated, his heart beating rapidly in his chest. He couldn’t tell anymore if it was from nerves or-
“What?” he asked.
Cas shrugged and grabbed some clothes from his suitcase before heading to the bathroom. Then he checked his watch, 8:07 am. Okay, so he hadn’t woken up
He squeezed Cas’ hand gently and nodded to Sam.
“You some kind of used car salesman, then?”
,” Cas shot back.
He didn’t blame Cas, he’d gotten involved with this, and he knew full well what the risks were. He’d chosen Cas. Or, really, Cas had chosen him. He might play the tough guy to everyone else, but both he and Cas had no confusion over who was in charge. He belonged to Cas. He had to belong to Cas so fuck any consequences that came with it.
“Can we go outside?” The words were barely a whisper, but Dean had been expecting them. Whenever he was able to wake Cas from something like this, they always went outside. Went out and looked at the stars, curled together for warmth.
After what felt like an eternity, Cas breathed a single word, causing the spillway to break in Dean’s heart and relief to flood his body.
“Let them stare,”  he mumbled, catching Cas’ grin at the words.
Dean adjusted his mic pack and nodded, leaving the room. When he walked back out, he was greeted with the chatter of guys frustrated they hadn’t gotten a chance with Lisa. Tensions were already running high, and he could tell some of the guys had already resigned themselves to going home.
Cas drew his hand back and pressed a short kiss into Dean’s forehead. “And I thought I said not to worry. Don’t you have places to be? People to introduce me to?”
“Well, I’m not sure that’s a good thing,” he said, mainly because he didn’t know how to respond. Yeah, he’d changed. After the sixth or seventh apocalypse it was kind of expected.
He was wrong. The djinn had created a nearly perfect world, but it wasn’t possible. He couldn’t let it be possible. And it wasn’t even because he knew Cas didn’t feel the same, it was because he didn’t deserve that. Didn’t deserve to be happy.
“Nope,” Dean said, his voice coming back. “You don’t get to talk.”
Instinctively, Dean backed up, his hands held up defensively. He took another deep breath, glancing back to the car as if he still had a chance to run, and then turned to face John.
And Dean, still dazed, still asleep, still whirling in confusion, wanted to sob. Because if the djinn really wanted to get him, really wanted to drain his entire life away while he lived in a blissful reality, this was how to do it. But it was torture all the same. Because Cas, his Cas, would never.
The words sounded empty as they were carried away on the wind. Cas wouldn’t come back. Not this time. Dean had stood there like a fucking idiot as Cas poured his fucking heart onto the ground at his feet. He’d just stood there, unable to understand what was going on, unable to even respond until it was too late.
When he came to, his cheek was pressed against an advertisement for a weekend getaway to Cabo that had been dirtied by its time outside. He peeled himself off it and sat up, head ringing as he glanced around the alley.
“I don’t care,” he repeated. “He would do the same for me. You know he would.”
He pulled the card from the envelope slowly and Cas felt his hatred for this guy grow. He was looking around at everyone with a slight smirk touching the corners of his mouth, then he cleared his throat.
No. Dean wasn’t thinking about that now. He wasn’t thinking about that ever again.
Dean barely had time to take him in before he was crashing into him, his arms wrapping around the angel and holding him tightly to his chest. After a second, he remembered to breathe, and he took in Cas’ familiar scent that was now surrounding him.
There was fear in those blue eyes, but maybe hope too. Just a sliver of it.
The guys cheered, all attention on her.
Dean leaned forward on the couch and crossed his hands in front of him, settling them on his elbows on his knees. “I work with cars, mainly. My- well, my uncle- he owns a yard and I set up a repair shop in the back.”
His eyes were dry now. He’d ran out of tears a few hours ago, but the sobs had continued for some time. Gasping, heaving, no room for air in his lungs because all he could feel was crushing disappointment, sadness, anger, self-loathing.
love y'all <3
Dean clenched his fists, still hidden inside of his pockets, and forced himself to keep eye contact with his father. He was older than him here. His dad looked the same age as Mary, carefree even as his face slipped into a scowl. The youth didn’t make him any less intimidating. Didn’t stop memories of whiskey-fueled beatings from playing over and over in Dean’s head.
His mind froze. He couldn’t do this. “One sec, I have to walk outside.” As the words left his mouth he rolled his eyes. He was really terrible at stalling when it counted.
sacrifice himself to save the world. And he knew it would be hard to convince Sam he was okay with it. To keep him in the dark. And yeah, he knew his brother would be pissed. But Cas had said it was for the best. And Cas didn’t like secrets… not after he’d lied to them for a whole year. So if Cas thought this was best then it was best.
Cas stared fixedly at Dean, his face set.
“Can someone tell me what the hell is going on?” Sam was shifting from foot to foot, his eyes narrowed in concern.
He passed through the small hallway into the gorgeous room where a large group of guys were waiting. From the looks of it, they had been the last limo.
Dean fumbled with his shirt, and when he got it over his head, Cas was standing by the door. “What are you doing?”
because of Chuck. It is no divine plan, no cosmic fate, no power outside of our control. We chose this. We choose to return, to be as we are. We choose to carry on. What we have is not inevitable. And that’s the beauty in it. We could walk away right now, but we don’t want to. And we never will want to. I will never leave you.”
Yeah, this guy had problems.
He reached out for a flute of champagne from the passing waiter’s tray, but Dean’s hand snaked out and caught his. He took a step in closer and Cas took in another deep breath, determined to stay in control. Dean twisted his hand so they could both see it and slowly traced his nail. The nail with blood still caught underneath it.
“It’s a big, new world out there.” Bobby was still smiling, a peace in his eyes that Dean had rarely, if ever, seen when he was alive. “I guess the question is… what are you gonna do now, Dean?”
He could feel the tightness in his muscles still, the panic that had seized him so completely. But it was starting to go away. He felt like he could breathe again, Cas’ scent filling his mind and drowning out the acidic smell of Hell.
So much for no more embarrassment.
He deserved to pay for that.
“Yeah, well, there’s no “it,” okay? Please drop it,” Dean said, trying to control his voice, to not sound like he was begging.
“What happened?” Sonny’s voice was steady but it had already dropped a little, something thick and broken behind it.
The jerk of arms stopping his fall brought him back to the world, everything coming back into focus. Dean gripped his shoulders tightly and stood him up, pulling him away from the cameras, hiding at the back of the group.
The smell of salt was heavy in the air and a slight breeze blew through the window, rustling the heavy cream curtains. The sun was just starting to peak over the horizon, but it hadn’t yet climbed high enough to send light cascading over their bed.
“Alive,” Dean repeated slowly, tasting the word on his tongue. Cas was alive. “Where?” he blurted before he could stop himself.
He remembered the first time they’d met, at an event much like the other night. He remembered the electricity, the shiver that ran through him when their eyes met. He remembered kissing passionately in the alleyway behind the event, Dean skipping the speech he was supposed to give. Then Dean had learned his name, had stepped back, eyes wide and fearful. That hadn’t stopped them from finding their way back to each other though.
Cas sighed, his breath hot against Dean’s skin, and Dean propped his chin up to look at him. His expression was thoughtful. But it wasn’t annoyed or disappointed. It was almost sad. Because they finally had everything, finally had rid the world of Chuck, and he was still haunting them. Still making them question if they ever had any free will.
“Yeah, sorry, Sammy,” he gave Cas’ hand a short squeeze. “Cas and I have got you beat.”
Sam finally raised his eyes and smiled gently into Dean’s veiled panic. “Just tell him. It’s time.”
“I never said that,” she said sweetly.
Cas was terrified.
to move like this. Not in front of a goddamn live audience. Even for charity.
“Cas helped,” Bobby said with a smile, looking over at Dean to catch his reaction.
Which, yeah, should have been enough for him. He finally got his wish. Toes in the sand with his family around him.
Dean grit his teeth but nodded. They did have a show to make. But there was something about Naomi… he just couldn’t stand her.
This got a roar of approval from the guys so Lisa shrugged, glancing down at her clipboard as if to double check.
With a grunt, he staggered to his feet and flicked the light switch off. His room now plunged into blackness, he slumped back on the ground, leaning against his bed.
One of the black tuxes leaned forward and nudged his partner, pointing at Dean. “Hey,” he started, “you’re the one who organized this whole thing, right?”
The sounds were the worst part though. He never saw them in connection with the visions--those were always silent--but they still rang in his ears. It was mostly at night, but sometimes he’d be walking down the street with Sam, on some case or rather, and see someone that looked like one of the souls that he had-
When Cas removed his fingers, he stood up and walked to stand next to where Dean stood.
It hurt to see him like this. Dean never let it show. But in these quiet, dark, mornings, to see his badass, terrifying husband stripped of all that in face of the horrors they had been through… it unsettled him.
But he pushed it back. He could help people a different day.
Cas answered mechanically, trying to seem excited and not terrified out of his mind.
Cas didn’t stop shaking but his movements slowed somewhat as his breathing fell. Dean could almost hear his own heart pounding in his throat as helplessness settled over him.
“A little. I’m okay,” Cas said, meeting his eyes with a soft smile.
But, no. He’d begged Cas not to do it. For the first time ever, he’d begged Cas to stay. And it had sounded like he didn’t care. Like he was casting him aside, taking the perfect gift he’d been given and throwing it away.
was his.
“Cas?” Dean asked sleepily, his limbs almost free of that heart-stopping anxiety.
had to be fake… but it sure didn’t look it.
Jack pulled Cas into a hug, and the two looked at each other, some unspoken words passing between them.
Then Cas left the room, the latch clicking softly behind him.
“Not really,” Crowley said smoothly. “And after all that, after you made something of yourself, got off the streets and started making a, what would they call it… a positive impact on the world…” He trailed off, snorting and looking Dean up and down. Dean scowled back at him, but let a cold smile slip onto his face before Crowley went on. “After all that you fucked a Don.”
“Shut the fuck up.”
The memories came with a sharp stab of pain. Dean wasn’t there to laugh with him. He hadn’t been there to wake up next to. To make Cas coffee before he flew into a murderous rage.
Cas huffed and rolled his eyes, an action that he seemed to use at every opportunity now that he was human. “Dean-” he started. But Dean was already pulling the gloves from his fingers and holding them out to Cas.
“Shut up,” he said immediately, instinctively.
Michael was a big time lawyer in New York. Figures.
It was a photo of Dean and him in cowboy hats. It was stupid, ridiculous, childish. Anyone who knew them casually would say it was out of character for both of them.
Well, that was a lie.
He was grappling with a masked man against the wall, but he seemed okay for the moment, so he turned to the person who had hit him. She tried to slam the walking stick into his head again but he grabbed it, twisting it from her grasp.
He stepped forward, his breath settling and becoming smooth before he struck her on the temple with her own weapon. Her eyes rolled back in her head and her mouth dropped open. For just a second, she stood there, swaying, Then she crumpled to the dirty ground.
So Dean let his head be whipped back and forth, his entire face swollen and bloody and bruised and his arms dripping blood. And he focused on his hands, on the rough rope coiling around them. He was so close now, to being completely free. The longer he strained against the constraints, the looser they felt around him.
“Sam-” he started.
It was then that Dean woke up, the feeling of a blade still heavy in his hand. Cas whispered to him softly, bringing him back to his room, far away from the torments of that place. Something had been different in the air though. It was so sweet between them, so open, that Dean hadn’t even hesitated before scooting over and making room for Cas on the bed.
Two more guys walked over and joined them. The first was in a burgundy suit that complimented his dark skin tone perfectly. Dean could see his muscles bulging and rippling through the fabric, and the guy carried himself like he owned the place. No, that wasn’t it. He was in control, yes, but it was more that he was hyper-aware. Dean’s gaze swept up him one more time and he nodded to himself. Probably ex-military.
“Hey, Cas. You almost done?”
Dean did roll his eyes for that one. He couldn’t stop it.
“He always comes back,” he whispered, his throat dry. “He has to come back.”
He scrolled past the texts between him and Dean and hovered over Cas’ name. It didn’t seem right, somehow. Hell, most of the time just being in the same room as them didn’t seem right. He always felt- had felt like he was intruding. Like he was interrupting something personal and private and
Cas let his gaze slip slowly away from Dean and looked to Jay. His eyes were drifting back and forth between Dean and Cas, but after a second, his eyes landed permanently on Cas. “We need you to learn this too, Castiel. We only have about an hour until you guys need to be in hair and makeup.”
Sam clenched his teeth and forced back the tears gathering in his eyes, leaning back against Dean’s dresser and opening the messaging app.
No one spoke after that. They just sat there, reeling in shock. Cas was gone. Cas was what held this family together, what gave them a chance, and he was stuck somewhere completely alone, eternal emptiness finally laying its hold on him.
“Asshole,” Dean muttered. Benny just smiled and nodded with him.
“What?”
“Thanks, Dean. You’re good to go.”
He sighed heavily and let himself slump back against the bunker. “Not this time.” Then softer, to make himself believe it, “Not this time.”
“You guys excited?”
“No, dammit, take me instead. You can’t-” Dean took a shaky breath and realized his own eyes were getting wet. “You can’t take him.”
The back of Dean’s gun dug into his side and he almost reached for it. His family was gone. So he might as well join them in eternal damnation.
outfits. What the hell are we doing?”
Sam fiddled with the zipper on his jacket. He didn’t want to get off the phone. Didn’t want to confront the empty bunker and Miracle’s whines and the bottle of whiskey in the kitchen. But he had to. “Thanks for what you did for him. You gave him a place to be himself. I don’t think he ever really found that again. Not with Dad,” he snorted, “But not even with me. Not completely, anyway.”
She called up everyone one by one, and with each passing person, he could feel the impending disappointment grow. When she called Benny he breathed an internal sigh of relief. And then right after she called Nick and he had to stop himself from rolling his eyes.
The man sucked in a deep breath, but before he could let it out Cas slammed the blade through his throat. A small noise escaped the man, and then he was silent. Cas pulled out the knife and wiped it thoughtfully with the handkerchief in his pocket before stepping back. Then he turned and walked from the warehouse.
The gun he’d tucked in his waistband (despite Dean’s protests) felt cold against his skin, and he reached back for it without thinking. Dean glanced down at the weapon and his eyes widened. Still, he rolled his shoulders back and glanced around the alley, his eyes narrowing as quickly as they’d opened up.
“Well, shit, kid,” he said finally. “I’m sorry,” he stopped for a minute, as if holding back tears. “I’m sorry you had to go through that.”
Still, his mouth got a bit drier with every ring. This could ruin everything. Everything. And here he was about to confess when there wasn’t even something pushing him. When there was a world-ending crisis looming. This wasn’t the time.
“Is Castiel an enemy?” Naomi asked immediately, already tapping her foot anxiously like she wanted to be done with this interview and move on to bigger and better things.
He was slumped over on the floor in his room. Sam was probably in the library somewhere, and Jack was with him. There was a full bottle of whiskey lying next to him that he’d taken despite Sam’s protests.
And if someone had told his dad that…
“‘Cause if you do, the angels will kill you,” Dean finished for him, eyes fixed on Cas.
“Coffee first,” Cas said dryly, glancing back at the camera focused on them and pushing past Dean to the coffee pot.
“Thank you guys all for being here,” she started with a smile. “It’s been so great to meet you all, and I really do feel like there’s something here. I want to find love. I want to find someone who can be a dad to Ben. And as crazy as it sounds…” she trailed off and looked around at all of them, “I think that in this group of guys, I could find that.”
“You don’t get to do that,” he shouted. “You don’t get to leave us. Because, yeah, Cas, you fucked up. And believe me, I get it, I do. But we still-
John’s eyes widened and he took a step forward. When he spoke, his voice was even lower than before, shaking with anger. “What did you say to me?”
“No, asshole. Would you,” the words choked in his throat, but he coughed them up all the same, “Would you hunt with me?”
series finale. It was playing a reunion he could never have.
“Cas,” Dean repeated the name softly before he could stop himself. Then he nodded and dropped his gaze again, writing the name in shaky letters.
“Good,” she said, moving out of the way. He started up the stairs but stopped when she called after him, “And Castiel?”
The angel, or probably human in this daydream, pressed a kiss softly against his lips before standing and getting dressed.
He slid the book in front of him across the table to Sam and tapped on a section. “What about this?
“Cas,” he whispered above the sound of the waves. “Cas, please say you can hear me. Please,” he choked on the word and clenched his jaw. “We need to talk,” he squeezed out through gritted teeth.
He glanced back at Benny, who was smiling at him. “What the hell, right?” he asked.
“Gentleman,” Chris said, rubbing his hands together as he walked into the room. “How’s it going? Liking the house?”
Bobby raised an eyebrow and took another sip of beer. “Don’t know. Could be anywhere in Heaven. He and Jack don’t really stay in one place.”
“What did you do?” he repeated, taking a step toward them.
This was floating face down in a pool, weightless because everything was crushing inward. This was drowning, lungs filling up with pain that left no room for anything else. This was falling off a building willingly, death just inches below him, but not quite being able to reach it because he didn’t have the energy to die. This was a fate far worse than death.
“It’s okay,” she cut him off. “Really,” she said again when he hesitated. “Thank you, though, for not downplaying this. It’s just- I’m really okay,” she smiled softly. “Wait here.”
Sam lifted him up, pulling him into a hug, and he let him. For just a minute. Then he stood, dusting himself off. “Let’s get going.”
“The solo act… drumroll, please,” the guys all started hitting their hands on their knees and Cas focused on his breathing, looking down at the floor, away from the lights, the noise… “Garth!” Lisa announced triumphantly.
“If you’ll have a seat,” she said simply.
Cas’ tear-filled eyes swam in his vision as he lifted the metal to his skin. His hands were more steady now, but there was still a slight quiver that made the silver seem to dance and bend before his eyes. So he squeezed them shut, taking a deep breath and letting it out.
Dean met him in the middle, his eyes hard, and Jake hesitated.
Dean broke into a run. The voices seemed to be coming from around the corner of the house, probably one of those little alcoves with couches set up.
Dean licked his lips, not pulling back, letting his thumb trace over and over Cas’ skin. It wasn’t real. But he could leave tomorrow.
it hurt.
“We put your number on the cup,” Ash said with a short laugh.
Cas followed him, eyes on Dean’s back, too shaken to look anywhere else.
Everyone else sat in silence, looking uncomfortably at the cameras. Eventually, one of the guys whose name had completely slipped Cas’ mind stood up and followed Benny upstairs. After that, everyone dispersed, looking for something to do in this beautiful mansion with no Wi-Fi, no TV, and no connections to their friends.
He would be gone. He would get what he deserved. He would be free from this pain, free from the knowledge that Cas had loved him back and they could have had years. They could have been happy.
He closed his suitcase and zipped it up before dragging it over to the other one already stationed by the door.
“We stopped at this little roadside stand and got hot chocolate. Dean tried to make me think it was magical or some shit. Then we got to this giant hill. I mean,” he gestured to the steep hill behind him, “This thing has nothing on it. It was freezing, too, so the snow was almost ice. We pull up to the hill, and Dean pops the trunk, and in it there’s just these two,” Sam starts laughing then, and after a minute, Dean joins him. There’s a sadness behind it, too though. And acknowledgement of how fucked up that situation really had been. “These two trash can lids.”
Dean wanted to shout to Sam that it didn’t matter if Cas had known. Because Dean hadn’t told him. Because Cas had seemed like he didn’t know. Because Cas had said that happiness was just in being. Was just in saying it.
Cas walked to the center of the room where their suitcases lay waiting for them and grabbed his, barely sparing a glance at the rest of the guys before climbing onto the top bunk and falling back to stare at the ceiling.
“Right,” Balthazar said with an eye roll. Cas wanted to pull a gun then, a knife, anything to make him take this seriously. But Balthazar had never been easily fazed. “You just married a man twenty years younger than you for his winning personality.”
When they pulled away for air, Cas’ expression was still guarded, though his defenses had started to slip away.
“You sure you’re good? We don’t have to do this.”
a voice in his head whispered.
“Don’t mention it.” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked down. This wasn’t how he’d expected their first time alone to go. “I mean- I know you would have been fine. I didn’t mean to-”
He looked into it, into the peace on Cas’ face, and he let himself slip away.
the words rang in his ear and he dry sobbed again, wishing there were tears left to fall.
“I doubt that,” Cas said.
The younger Winchester sighed on the other end and Cas could almost see him rising from his chair, pacing nervously around the room.
Slowly, he let his thumb drag over Cas’ cheek, trying not to shiver along with the angel.
“Can I steal you for a second?” The voice grated against Dean’s ears and he visibly winced, but Lisa seemed to be taken in and she nodded, leading the way through the back doors out onto the patio next to the pool.
Sam took a breath and leaned forward, but Dean cut him off.
“So we call in Jodi and Donna. They’ve been looking for something anyway.”
Everyone turned to look at him, slapping him on the back and grinning as he was ushered away but a coach.
“And what do we think of Lisa?”
Cas felt his lips part just barely and he sucked in a deep breath. “Crowley.”
Before long, they were at the base of the drive leading up the mountain, waiting for a signal to continue.
He let go of his hand and looked up at the other man as Jake moved on to greet lamp guy. He felt a shiver run up his spine as he met his eyes. His lips were barely curved up like he’d told a joke that only he found amusing. His dark eyes were cold and emotionless and Dean fought to hold his gaze, his eyes instead drifting up to his black hair cropped close to his head.
When the door shut behind him, Dean let out a heavy sigh.
“He won’t.”
“You’re the bitch who attacked Cas,” he spat.
“You can have it,” he whispered softly. “You can have me, Cas. You’ve always had me.”
He pulled Cas into a tight hug and then stepped back, grinning down at them as Dean immediately took Cas’ hand in his again.
Cas had been beautiful too. They all made fun of Dean for it, but he didn’t want to dress up all special for their wedding. It wasn’t their style. What they didn’t know is he and Cas had agreed they would get to choose each other’s outfits.
She nodded and stepped back from the door, gesturing for him to leave. He walked out of the door, his heart rate finally starting to pick up as the insanity of the situation hit him.
“Just give me more-”
Cas thought bitterly, as the producers explained how there would be a knock on the door, Chris was coming to do the date card, blah blah blah. No one actually fell in love on this show. And if they did… then it was pure chance.
“Dean Winchester.” It was the same voice from the alley. What had Cas called him? Crowley?
Adorable nerds never get chosen on
She gave lamp guy one final hug and then he was walking into the mansion, leaving the lamp behind him.
“How did we not know he had a son?” Cas said bitterly. It wasn’t often he regretted killing someone. He always made sure he had a good reason, so why would he? But this, if he lost Dean because he’d killed Gavin Delfino…
“I mean it,” he said firmly. Then he let his head fall back onto Cas’ chest, loathe to lose Cas’ eyes but missing the feeling of him.
“Whatever.” As Sam went on, Dean let his eyes drift up to Cas. He was watching Sam with a blank expression save for the mirth dancing in his eyes. His cheeks were slightly pink from the cold, and Dean allowed himself to stare a second longer before turning his attention back to Sam.
“I lifted ‘em off the motel manager. He almost caught me, too,” Dean said as Cas and Jack started to laugh.
Everything slowed down and he leaned back on his heels, panting. He took several deep breaths to steady himself and then forced himself onto his feet. With tired eyes, he stared down at her still body. He didn’t know if she was dead, or just passed out. He didn’t have time to care.
“Nice to meet you, Dean.”
“Alright, well,” she raised the cocktail glass in her hand, “Have some drinks, some food. Enjoy yourselves! I can’t wait to get to know all of you.”
Not that it mattered. That wasn’t why he was here. He was here to see if Lisa Braeden could be his future wife. And he thought he had a pretty damn good shot at it too.
As he tried to turn, Cas’ arm tightened around him like a vice, holding him in place.
But he didn’t. Instead he stood awkwardly, his eyes fixed on Cas. “How was work?”
It had started out ironically. A stupid show to watch and make fun of, because, yeah, it was completely ridiculous. It wasn’t his fault they made it so damn easy to get invested. He was only human and they had some damn good editors working for them. Most of it was probably fake, anyway. He wasn’t going to find love here.
He felt Cas’ grip tighten around him immediately and he let himself fall into it, completely encircled by Cas’ warmth- no, it wasn’t even warmth. With Cas it was just a bubble of pure energy that crept into Dean, making him feel whole.
Cas had loved him. He had made Cas happy.
now. This wasn’t something that could just happen. He needed a big moment. He needed a push.
Dean chuckled a little then stepped forward and reached up, straightening the bolo tie around Cas’ neck.
“Are you an angel?” he blurted suddenly.
Jake raised his hands to waist level and positioned him at his side. Dean’s eyes widened as he realized a split second before what was about to happen.
“I know I told you it’s a shit drink that’s a weak replacement for coffee,” he went on, grateful for Cas’ responses to his words, desperate to fill his mind with something other than the memory that had overpowered him, “but I might have been lying. It’s actually pretty damn good. And since Christmas is coming up soon I bought some.”
He saw Cas dead at his feet.
But an angry Sam Winchester was not what he wanted right now.
he immediately corrected. Cas hadn’t picked anything out. This wasn’t real. Cas wasn’t his, those lips kissing him hadn’t been his, the weight over him, so safe, so warm, hadn’t been real.
“Let’s get this over with,” he said gruffly. But when he glanced back at Jack, saw his eyes lit up as they took in the snow-covered slope, he couldn’t stop from breaking into a grin.
Cas’ weight was warm and steady behind him, and Dean let himself relax even as his adrenaline spiked.
He saw the euphoria on Cas’ face as he was engulfed by black, finally set free from all the burdens he had carried.
Cas tried to find the part of himself that was jealous, that wanted that time with Lisa, but it wasn’t there yet. It would be… he was sure. Just not yet.
She jammed the knife into his shoulder and left it there, stepping back to admire her handiwork. “Crowley is my brother. I wouldn’t expect you to understand. You were on the streets, you don’t know what family means. And then,” she stepped forward, taking the knife out before immediately jamming it back in, and Dean couldn’t stop the growl that escaped him. “And then you go and marry the man that somehow got to the top of a family he isn’t even a part of. A family he infiltrated and corrupted. One of the oldest, one of our allies.” She shook her head and stopped herself, seeming to realize Dean wasn’t saying anything, was just staring at her with pain coursing through his body.
Dean was almost totally relaxed, completely at Cas’ mercy, when the door came crashing open.
When the producers pulled him aside for an interview and asked him what getting on this groupdate would mean, he shrugged and said, “I don’t know.”
Dean finally let his eyes fall from the screen and he looked into his brother’s worried face. Not into his eyes, not yet. Just into his open expression. Into the love that was so free of judgement but so full of pain. Sam had lost people, too. Sam had lost Eileen. But Sam wasn’t weak.
Dean chose jeans, a black v-neck, and a leather jacket. It definitely wasn’t a black tux (he’d have to get Cas into one at some point) but in the soft light of the forest with the deep green behind him, it had looked perfect.
The handprint where Castiel had “gripped him tight and raised him from perdition.” And now he’d saved him one more time. Same shoulder, same placement, same sting when Dean looked at it.
Cas’ voice replaced Sam’s in his head.
So he better put on the fucking tux.
He grit his teeth together and breathed sharply through his nose. “So, you his daughter? That your brother that’s six feet under?”
When Cas finally spoke, his voice was hoarse, even lower and scratchier than usual. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean cut in. “It was bad. We flew down that hill so damn fast… and when we hit the bottom we both went flying. Hurt like a son of a bitch. We were all bruised up. Dad got back and thought we’d hunted something by ourselves,” Dean snorted. “Wasn’t my best idea.”
He barely had time to punch her lightly on the shoulder before he had to help the next customer, taking down their order and writing their name neatly on the cup before setting it behind him.
Cas gulped and glanced at Dean, who had lost his flustered look and was standing with a cocky grin on his face.
“What was the case?” Cas said innocently, his eyes crinkled with concern.
Dean clapped him on the shoulder and passed him one of the sleds. They were huge, meant for two people. The underneath was slick, primed for speed. Sam had wanted more basic ones, but Dean had insisted. If they were doing this stupid Christmas thing, they were at least doing it right.
Dean was collected, mature, always ready to handle high-ended discussions. He was good at working with his hands, but for the most part he was soft-spoken with strangers. Not that he was shy, he was incredibly at making connections and using those. But for all intents and purposes, he wasn’t the kind of guy to dress up in cowboy attire with his boyfriend (that would become his husband).
He looked back at Cas, a desperate question in his eyes. But Cas didn’t look at him, just cast his eyes down, his expression lost.
Dean looked down at his apron, hand unconsciously coming up to touch his Zepp pin. Didn’t even say the name of the band on it. Did guys this perfect actually exist in real life?
A sharp gust of wind blew across the beach and he got a mouthful of sand that had him coughing, collapsing to his knees into the cold sand. He shivered slightly and took a sharp breath.
Dean let his eyes flick to Meg- the Empty, a snarl on his face. But she just smiled broadly back. Then he blinked and she was across the room, a hand on Cas’ shoulder.
“Nope,” he said tightly. He liked Charlie. A lot. Hell, she was one of his best friends. But this morning all he wanted to do was go back to bed and curl up with a nice cup of coffee. Good coffee. Black coffee. Not the shit they served here.
“The groveller you sent to beg forgiveness? Pardon me if I’m not bowing before you,” Cas said, letting his voice drop into its lowest registers.
“You can tell me anything.”
Cas made a soft sound of surprise and Dean immediately felt arms wrap around his stomach as Cas’ face pressed into his shoulder. He looked straight ahead, letting the wind whip through his face and sting his eyes. But his heart moved from frantically pounding in his chest to leaping into his throat.
Cas’ eyes softened and he stood to face Dean. They breathed deeply together before Cas nodded, once.
“Get the hell out of here,” Dean said quietly.
“It’s okay, angel. I’m here,” Dean muttered, arms now tight around Cas even at risk of being hurt. Their faces were pressed together and Dean could feel the slick tracks of tears, but he wasn’t sure if they were from him or Cas. Or both.
Sam’s eyes widened just a fraction and then he nodded once, slowly. And Dean thought he was going to drop it there. But he understood even better than that. He understood that Dean needed to say it. “What did he say?” he asked softly.
“I mean it. I never want to hear another word about that place, okay?”
No one really said anything on the ride. Made small talk, mostly. Not that there was much small talk left when they had no connection to the outside world. But there was something about the tiny interior of the limo, the cameras so close, that even at the producer’s leading questions the guys stayed quiet.
Cas just stared at him, unmoving. His lips were so close, breaths falling hot against Dean’s already warm face. Cas’ whole weight was pressed against him, and it should have hurt. Hell, his head was still pounding from hitting the ground at full force. But despite all that, he just felt safe.
Cas turned back to face him and took a deep breath.
Jake stepped out of the car and slammed the door behind him before the footman even had a chance to close it. Dean watched his back through the window as he took a strong stance and called something too muffled to make out to Lisa.
Cas filed the interaction away for future reference and turned his attention back to the stage, where the stri- dancers had finished their show to a huge cheer from the guys and Lisa.
“I’ll go with you,” Cas sighed, his eyes fixed on Dean.
“I’ll see you in a few days.”
A limo pulled up to the curb but Dean looked up at him, and as so often the case with them, he understood exactly what he needed. “We’ll walk,” Cas said to the valet.
“That’s Nick,” Benny filled him in.
“Hmm?” Cas ran his hands down through Dean’s hair to his bare chest, letting them rest there comfortably. His touch was electric, but it was also safe. A jolt of warmth that sent shivers running up his spine while completely relaxing him.
“But maybe I’m starting to believe it. Maybe I’m starting to believe that I’m not complete shit. I still am. God, you didn’t know- But that’s the point, isn’t it? You did know. You fucking knew every goddamn fucked up thing I ever did and you still,” his voice broke and he cleared his throat, desperately holding back the tears burning behind his eyes.
He rambled on the whole time he prepared the drink. Boiling water over the stove and ripping apart the hot chocolate packets. Laughing at himself as he ripped the perforation attaching two of them and sent brown powder spilling over the floor. Assuring Cas he would clean it up in the morning. Mixing the water in with a soft smile on his face.
“Thanks for calling man. We’ll stop by when we get this cleaned up, okay?”
The soft sound of fabric rustling sent them both whirling around, instinctively twisting so they were protecting each other’s backs.
“I love you, Dean,” he said. “I love you,” he repeated louder. “I-”
“Hello, Dean.”
Chris Harrison walked back in and held his hand out toward the rose. “Gentlemen, Lisa. The final rose tonight. When you’re ready.” He stepped back and Lisa took a deep breath, reaching down for the rose.
“Perhaps you could get Garth to come out of retirement. He seemed awfully fond of you.”
The red light flashed on and the man behind it nodded at Hannah.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed. “I should have stopped him, though. Saved him.”
Then he closed his eyes and took a shaky breath. This was the easy part. He could do this.
“Have you been sledding before?” Jack asked as they walked across the parking lot.
A guard showed up and Jake was ushered away.
Benny came downstairs and everyone briefly looked up and wished him luck before he was on his way.
Cas smiled again, and this time it was less filled with pain. It was closer to that expression of true happiness, of true peace that had been on his face right before-
The rest of the night went by in a blur. Jake left minutes after the incident, and everyone wanted to know where he went.
He let his grin slip into a smirk and winked once. “Don’t objectify me,” he said teasingly.
“Well, I’ll see you inside,” he said when they stepped back.
“You’re gonna fall off if you sit like that, man.” He cleared his throat again, pointedly not looking at Sam, and reached for Cas’ legs. “You gotta wrap ‘em around up to the front like this.”
Castiel, angel of the Lord, was married to him.
“I love you too, angel.”
“I thought it was worth it,” Sam said, meeting his brother’s eyes. Unspoken words passed between them. Childhood trauma wrapped in brief moments of relief. “Man, I remembered that every single Christmas. Always wanted to go again.”
Another guy went and soon it was just Jake and then Dean. Michael and the last guy were behind him, and he wondered not for the first time if they were the last limo, and therefore the last ones to make an impression on her.
He shook his head, suddenly unable to stop the laughter bubbling in his stomach. “You asshole.”
“Of course.” Another pause. Another well of unspoken questions. Then the one Sam knew would be coming. From each and every person he called. “Can you bring him back?”
“Oh,” Cas said solemnly, nodding. “I assume we’ll give the case to some other hunters.” Sam nodded and Cas slid his book back toward the stack.
With Cas pressed up against him and his cheeks flaming red, he finally looked over at Sam and Jack. Sam’s smirk hadn’t faded, and Jack was watching them with a pleasant smile.
He winced at the light and hoisted himself up a little to look around.
Sam laughed bitterly again and shrugged to the empty room.
Hannah hid a smile behind the camera and nodded. “And what do you think of Lisa?”
“D-dawg?” The voice sounded tired, as if he’d just got up. Sam glanced down at his own phone as saw the time. One in the morning. Shit. “Something wrong?”
Dean shook his head and smiled a little. At least this one he could answer honestly now. “Always am.” It wasn’t for him though. He was never scared for him. He was scared someone around him would get hurt. They would get hurt and it would be all his fault because he wasn’t good enough to protect them, to save them.
As soon as she had finished, the guy who had been talking to Jake stepped forward and took Lisa’s arm.
“My, my, Castiel. I didn’t think I’d be seeing you so soon.”
And then they just waited, ate lunch--someone had ordered pizza. Ate dinner--still no sign of Benny. Of course not. These things took all day.
Sam’s face fell, still riddled with confusion and hurt, but a fraction of understanding starting to dawn. Dean didn’t care, though. None of it mattered. He should have been free. Should have been gone. Still should be.
“You took something from me today.”
Then, there was an audible gasp through the car as they came to a stop and saw Lisa waiting there for them.
Dean slipped his hand through Cas’, the weight somehow seeming familiar, seeming safe, and then led him back toward Jack and Sam.
He blinked away the daze and looked into Cas’ eyes, their chests pressed together by some trick of whatever gods still existed.
He could see the next street opening out in front of them, barely one hundred feet away. Cars sped by and people milled about under the glow of the street lights. Barely one hundred feet to go, and Cas felt all of his senses suddenly go on edge. He wasn’t sure what he’d heard, or even what he’d seen, but something was wrong.
Dean stood but didn’t walk to greet him. His heart yearned to, to wrap him in an embrace, to press his lips against his, whispering promises he couldn’t keep.
Cas felt his stomach drop but he kept his face set, there were still cameras on them, after all. Even at night. Even while they slept. Besides, he could deal with Nick, Benny, and even Dean for the short while it would take for them to get sent home. At least Harry wasn’t so bad.
“What?” Sam said, at the same time Cas started, “Dean-“
“And it really,” the man glanced at his wife, then back at them, “It really works? I mean how much older are you?”
“I was wondering what was taking so long,” he said softly.
“Didn’t think the great Dean Winchester would be able to get over years of repression, but yet here we are. You ready to go, sunshine?”
Another day. Another customer. Another overpriced cup of coffee that was so full of milk and sugar and flavor that it shouldn’t even count as coffee.
“Give us a damn second,” Dean cut in. “Look at me.”
Cas, the one who came back ever single time.
next update coming in the next 1 day to 7 months <3
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean said without looking up. “Chris is bringing by the first date card- God, that sounds stupid aloud,” Cas snorted in agreement, “Anyway, he’s bringing it by in an hour or so. I made some food. You hungry?”
“This isn’t on you, kid. Don’t think for one second this is on you.”
“It’s a race?” Jack said, tilting his head in a way that was so
Cas had left, yet again. And Dean still didn’t stop him.
He felt Cas shake his head against his shoulder and he pulled him closer.
And now they never would.
He just stood there. Probably for hours. His mind was still playing catch up but his body was in shock. Cas was- Cas was gone. And they hadn’t even fought Chuck yet. Cas was gone and he had no clue how to get him out. Cas was gone because he’d made a stupid deal to save their son.
So Dean kissed him. Softly at first, their lips barely brushing together. Then Cas responded like his life depended on it, like he would never have this chance again. Dean smiled into the kiss, letting the electricity course through him, letting it overwhelm him.
He switched the blade to his wounded arm and gripped it tightly, wincing as the tendons moaned under the fractured skin. Then he slowly dug the knife in, this time taking his time. He could feel his skin being torn apart, and with each new drop of blood that appeared along the cut, he saw Cas.
“If you get wind of anything,
But not really.
He rolled up his sleeves and looked down at his bare arms. Then he squinted up at the light above his head. Somehow, it didn’t seem right to have the lights on. Not for this.
Her red hair glowed in the light of the mansion as her face softened. “Thanks for being here.”
He cut off as another wave crashed on the shore, lapping up toward him and soaking his jeans. It was freezing but it grounded him, bringing him back to the cold, windy beach and away from the dungeon in the bunker.
Without thinking, he got out from the car and walked down the hill to the beach. He chose a rock on the edge of the sand to sit on, not wanting to venture further toward the ocean.
Dean followed him through the glass sliding door that led straight to the beach. The sand was cool under his toes and the breeze was stronger out here. It ruffled his shirt as he walked after Cas all the way down to the water’s edge.
Dean jerked his gaze away from him and he stared out the window instead, rehearsing the line he’d gotten approved with the producers to use for Lisa. He thought he should just be able to come up with it himself, but since when was reality television real.
When the line went dead, he let out a heavy breath.
Cas felt the blow to the back of his head before he could even turn, and immediately pain shot through him, his vision dancing with black spots. Instinctively, he turned to find Dean.
“Dean,” Cas started as his arms came up from where they had been stiffly held at his sides to return the hug.
Crowley shuffled his feet and didn’t respond, and this time Cas did let his expression show. Just a single quirked eyebrow as he stepped forward to join Dean.
Dean finally let his eyes slide open to see Cas staring at him, their faces inches apart.
“I missed you, brother,” Sam said, nodding as his eyes grew misty.
“Hey, I’m Dean.”
-------
He’d had the chance to give Cas everything in his final moments.
“Yeah.”
Cas walked over to them and sat at the table, pulling up a book from the large stack in between them.
Another wave beat against the sand, higher up on the beach, reaching all the way back to where his feet were curled behind him. He shivered again as it covered him, but the sound of the water receding steadied him.
“Well,” Sam started as Jack joined them. “I think technically Jack and I won the race, but this definitely tops that.” He clapped Dean on the back and Dean finally raised his eyes.
“Dean,” she repeated. “Looking good,” she added, eyes sweeping up slowly over his suit.
“Jealous?”
“I’m coming with you.” It was immediate, no hesitation. In fact, Cas probably didn’t have to play this game of hook and sinker. The Winchesters would do anything for each other. But it was better to be safe.
Dean took one look back at Cas. Looked into his eyes, the way he stared at him, the unguarded trust. He wanted it. But he had a job to do. So he let go. The living room faded around him, Sam with it. The last thing he saw before everything went black was Cas, tears in his eyes as he reached for Dean.
“Get changed. Bathroom’s down the hall to the right,” he sipped from the iced coffee in his hand and cocked his hip. “Then the real fun starts.”
“Whatever,” he said. “Stop trying to convince me I’m bi. I’m-”
In response, Castiel just nodded, his face still grave but his blue eyes seeming to twinkle. Maybe he was more in tune to all of this than Dean thought.
Dean rolled his eyes, trying to get rid of the panic crushing his chest. At least Sam was going to be smooth about this.
“Jake Talley.”
Cas and Jack were staring at him with wide eyes, holding back laughter.
“No you’re not,” Dean shot back immediately.
“And you are…?” he responded, mostly out of politeness. If it were up to him he would have gotten the hell out of that kitchen by now. Maybe he could find Lisa; he didn’t have all night anymore.
Cas turned back to him, a soft smile on his face. And it looked so real. It wasn’t like the smiles Lucifer had faked, all teeth and no eyes. It was small, the corners of his lips barely turned up and his eyes crinkled.
But there was something so ruggedly real about a city he always claimed was full of the fakest people in the world. Tall palm trees standing out on the crowded streets, the sounds of angry drivers floating up through the window, a heat that hung in the air so heavily it was almost visible.
Lamp guy still had barely uttered a word. He was closest to the door since he was getting out first, and he just stared out the window, letting the conversation pass by without him.
Dean watched as all of the guys who had left their jobs and homes to get a chance at this said goodbye. The room already felt emptier without them there. Just seventeen guys and one beautiful woman.
Cas unlinked his arms from Dean’s and reached for the discarded hot chocolate sitting on the banister. He took a sip as Dean watched the steam from the cocoa rise into the cosmos, finding freedom in the stars.
“You and Benny seemed to get along well,” Naomi prompted.
Cas squinted, looking at the man in front of him. This isn’t what he’d expected from Dean. Maybe from Mick or even Benny… They seemed like they had their lives together. But Dean?
“Ready?” he asked, and Dean wasn’t sure if he was talking to the cameras or to them. He found himself nodding anyway.
He could get a handle on his grief for five fucking minutes. Dean deserved that much. Dean deserved a hell of a lot more than that much.
A hush fell over the group and Lisa laughed again. “Well, it’s gonna be super fun. And the best part is, it’s for charity.”
She rolled her eyes and slipped a hand into the pocket of her tight-fitting black jeans. When her fingers emerged, they held a crisp folded paper. “Here,” she said, handing it to him. “This is an address. Crowley was tired of waiting. Come alone, tomorrow night, and maybe we’ll let him live.”
He tried to ignore it. The warm glow that spread through him. The feeling like he was soaring, leaving this nonexistent world behind because
With his mic in place, Dean felt another wall immediately go up, reminding him that when they got to the mansion this shit would get turned on and every single word from his mouth would get recorded.
“How old are you, boy?”
He craned his neck up again to see a soft smile on Cas’ face. As he watched, it became more devious, more snarky. That emotion looked good on Cas, even though he almost never wore it.
“Dean? You okay?”
Dean blushed again and glanced anxiously at the customers, some part of him thinking he would be on the ground, face bleeding and throbbing in pain. But one of them just tried to hide a smile and the other didn’t even look up from their phone.
“That’s right sweetheart,” he murmured, pressing a kiss into Cas’ hair.
“Ever get tired of the sound of your own voice?” Dean said, licking his lips.
So he just nodded and kept his eyes on the screen. On the happy ending.
“How’s it going?” a smile grew on her face.
Hannah smiled and gestured for him to stand. “Great. Well, you can go through there for the rose ceremony.”
Jack smiled, and it wasn’t godly or otherworldly; it was just like he used to smile. Childish with a certain wisdom behind it. “Of course, Dean. I miss him too. He’s my dad. And Sam’s brother.”
“I,” he took a shaky breath, “I need you to know. I didn’t- God, Cas you can’t just say shit like that. People don’t say shit like that to me. I don’t deserve-”
“There’ll be four different acts today,” Lisa went on. “Two groups of four--firemen and some policemen. One group of three, those guys will be robots. One duet for the cowboys. And,” she paused for effect, “One lucky gentleman will get to do a solo act all by himself as a bachelor!”
“Why the long face?” Ash asked, leaning against the counter and winking at Dean.
Okay, whatever, maybe in his own head he could admit he was bi as fuck.
The tide was starting to rise. Each wave now came nearly to his knees, leaving white foam behind it. He idly reached out a hand and dragged it through the wet sand, mind searching for the words. The words that would make this all okay. That would fix his unfixable mistake.
Cas was whimpering now, sounding so fucking afraid that Dean felt as though a physical blade had been rammed into his heart.
Not him, though.
“28,” he said, his eyebrows drawing together. If this conversation lasted longer than Crowley would have real reason to hurt him.
But something stopped him. Some hope instilled in him by Cas’ words, even though now he was gone.
At that Cas actually laughed. A small, quiet huff of tired amusement. “No, Dean. It’s not.”
Some part of him whispered,
“How do you feel about the rose ceremony?”
Then, from behind them, Jay cleared his throat.
He dug his hands into the sand and made a fist, wincing as the coarse grains cut into his hand. The waves beat against the heavenly beach, gray water foaming against the sand.
The first rose ceremony had been a mixture of nerves and hope. He wasn’t exactly sure if he was hopeful of getting sent home or getting to stay, but either way, he was here now. And there was no going back (he could leave… but honestly the free food and nice house made it worth sticking around for just a little longer).
Cas climbed down from his bed and grabbed his suitcase, resisting the urge to look up at Dean. It was just them in the room now.
He ran his fingers absentmindedly over the line of suits in Cas’ closet before pulling on jeans and a flannel from his own. Then he left through the door after Cas.
“Sam, I told you, okay? We aren’t talking about that ever again.”
He grunted as he pulled the two sleds out from the trunk and handed them to Cas. When Cas’ hands wrapped around them, Dean frowned at his bare fingers.
“What are you doing?” he finally asked.
“What you saw in that dream world-”
It was on the side table next to the couch. Dean and everyone else claimed it was probably bad form to display any affection or weakness in the place he so often conducted business.
“Mr. Delfino wants you to be more bloodied up when your boyfriend gets here,” she said, pulling a knife from inside her jacket, her face still completely blank.
Lisa walked out to the front of the group and gestured to a guy who’d come from some back room and was now standing next to her. His leather jacket was only done halfway up, showing his bare chest beneath. Cas nodded appreciatively as his eyes involuntarily moved up the guy’s body. This was more his style.
The gentleman nodded and gave a small shrug before turning to his wife.
Cas gulped, his eyes going wide. Jay pointed out the various releases on their clothing, tips for getting it off easily, and then left them to practice, his trained eyes watching them carefully.
“Cas,” he breathed out.
He leaned forward on the bed a little and craned his neck until he could see the clock. 2:30pm. Two hours til he was getting picked up.
Benny just shrugged. “Whatever I can sell.”
He didn’t think Cas was weak, of course. These weren’t his fault and he was fucking strong for fighting them. But he couldn’t deny it scared him. To be so helpless when all he wanted to do was help Cas. When all he wanted to do was punch whoever was responsible.
“Cas,” Dean cut in. “If you make it past tonight, that is… which-” he shook his head and then schooled his face, remembering to play nice. “Cas is better, is all.”
When they pulled apart, he was still speechless. But this time it was because of the happiness filling his entire body. Cas pressed one more gentle kiss against his lips then pressed their foreheads together, his hand coming up to rest on the back of Dean’s neck.
Once they were all packed into it, it was hot and uncomfortable. But Dean didn’t care. His heart was racing in excitement.
"Goodbye, Dean." Something clenched in his chest, his heart being shattered into a million pieces.
He didn’t remember drinking either, but a half-empty bottle of whiskey sat on the table and his head was pounding. His throat felt dry, and he swallowed, staggering to his feet to find water.
Cas’ arm pressed against his chest and it was harder to draw air but he didn’t care because every breath filled him with the smell of Cas. Cas, who was human now. Cas who was sweet and awkward and nerdy and commanding and perfect. Cas, who was
“At the bunker.” Sam’s voice was tight, dripping with something Dean couldn’t identify. It was anger, on the surface. But underneath there was panic, fear, confusion, love, pity. It was raw, pure, and not something Dean could face at the moment.
Cas moved toward him, but before he could even take two steps, the cool rush of electricity jolted through his system and everything went black.
Cas pulled him closer, bringing their bodies flush, and Dean leaned into him. He felt so real. It was Cas’ hands on him, Cas’ quiet moans against his ear as he nuzzled into his neck, Cas’ steady warmth and weight.
It took three limos to get them all there. Which seemed like an extravagant waste of money but hey, it looked good on camera and that was what counted.
He felt the old feeling taking over. The one that made him numb. Made him not want to process and just keep everything inside where no one would know.
Dean slammed his book shut, dust flying in the air. “Why don’t we go on a vacation or something?”
HIs heart was pounding in his chest, crawling up toward his throat. His body told him to run, to get far away while he was safe. But instead, he stood to meet Cas chest to chest.
“The waves always come back to the shore,” Cas said quietly. He glanced down at their feet and was silent for a minute as the water washed over them. Dean was enraptured, staring at the way his lips parted as he waited to go on, and he almost missed the next words. “Maybe Chuck designed it that way. Maybe he put forces of nature into play and this was the result. But that doesn’t matter, you see? It’s still real. They still return, even with him gone. He may have created the ocean, Dean, but the waves live on without him.”
He folded his hands in front of him and let his eyes slide shut slowly.
Lisa took a second to gather herself, shooting a glare in Naomi's direction, and then nodded once toward the limo.
Just as he turned away from the mirror, there was a knock on the door.
“Here.”
He’d seen enough seasons of this show to guess what it was. And he was
“Well,” Cas said shyly, “Bye.”
“Gavin was family.”
“Oh, man, I’d forgotten about that story,” Dean laughed.
“We’ll get Cas back, you know.”
“You okay?” Cas said with a hand on Dean’s knee.
“He’s not with me,” Cas said finally. He knew he’d have to play this perfectly. Sam didn’t like breaking the law, not when it wasn’t absolutely necessary. He knew exactly the kind of work Cas was in, and he could never condone it. But he wouldn’t stand up against it either.
“Right. So now, we just got to learn the stripping part of it.”
The next day came and Benny was still there, rose in hand, dazzling everyone with amazing stories of his night with Lisa. They’d gone to a real film studio and helped on set, then had a magical dinner in downtown LA.
The man smiled, just barely, but it was beautiful. “Castiel,” he said, deep voice rumbling around the word. Dean’s shaking hand hesitated over the cup and Castiel smiled again. “Just Cas is fine. C-A-S.”
“Do you care, Dean?” he said, his voice gravelly and his eyes intense as the smile faded.
Cas didn’t want to be here.
“Assholes,” Dean muttered.
Dean burst around the corner, and without a thought, grabbed Jake by the shoulders and pulled him away from where he was, pushing himself closer to Lisa.
His hands were loose around the wheel, and he could see out of the corner of his eyes that he’d gotten a little bit of blood under one nail. It glittered slightly in the fading light, taunting him, and he tried unsuccessfully to dig it out. Right when he was about to pull over and fix it, a soft buzzing pulled his attention away. His frustration mounting, he pulled his phone from his pocket.
“Wish I had my phone,” Dean said, when Benny had stopped for a second. He was trying to ignore the strange blue eyes fixed on him, but he could feel them tracking his every move. Hell, maybe he was listening to everything too. “I got this ‘67 Chevy Impala, she’s beautiful.”
“Don’t you want that?” Sam said quietly.
“Huh?” he said groggily.
He thought he saw a shadow flit briefly across Dean’s face but before he could be sure, it was gone. “Always get up early. It’s how my dad raised me. Now, c’mon. Get some food.”
“Bitch,” Dean said automatically.
“The duet…” everyone started the drumroll again without prompting, “goes to Dean and Castiel!”
Happiness would have been waking up next to each other. Happiness would have been going on walks hand in hand, soft smiles exchanged between breathless kisses. Happiness would have been getting into stupid arguments and laughing when they were finally resolved. Happiness would have been being with each other, completely, entirely. Giving themselves over wholly, not to God and his angels, but to the other. Happiness would have been 3 AM movie parties and midafternoon cuddle sessions. Wiping away each other's tears and kissing away the pain.
Sam ran a hand through his hair and leaned forward. “We’re having a- I don’t know how much you know about hunters. But we’re giving him a hunter’s funeral. In a few days. I know he would have wanted you there.”
Cas pressed a kiss into Dean’s hair. “I’m glad.”
Cas was lying to him again. And he’d known. He’d known what Dean was going to say and he didn’t want to hear it. Dean bit his lip and let his head fall against the brick wall.
Cas chuckled bitterly, and this time a tear did escape his eyes, tracking slowly down his face. Dean watched it in fascination, tempted to wipe it away but afraid of ruining it’s journey. “I never thought- dammit, Dean,” he said softly.
He called his attendant while he started his second glass of water and asked him to clear his schedule today. He’d had a few meetings with art dealers that were in town, but nothing he couldn’t miss.
He walked away, nerves buzzing in excitement. That had gone better than he could have hoped. At least he hadn’t looked like a total idiot.
He silenced the voice and closed the contacts app. He went through the rest of his phone, trying to figure himself out. He was a mechanic, no surprise there.
Dean took another deep breath before letting the smile he had been holding back slip onto his face.
excited.
But he hadn’t been able to resist.
He saw Cas trapped in a circle of holy fire, trying to explain himself.
Sam hadn’t called again. He probably assumed Dean was dead. He might as well be. Or maybe Sam was dead, Jack too.
“Like it?” he asked gently.
He looked around, expecting to see a camera crew just seconds away.
“I made a deal to save Jack,” he said bitterly. “I’m sorry.”
“No, I know that. But it wasn’t just that.” He might have imagined it, but he thought he heard Cas’ breathing pick up on the other end of the line. Maybe he’d already guessed what was coming next. It didn’t matter though. “I needed to tell you that I’m-”
Not really sure why, but still confident, he went to his contacts and found Sam’s name. Then he called him.
Dean felt his cheeks heat up and his throat started to close. But he wouldn’t stand silently again. He couldn’t.
“Good,” Cas said immediately, the word ripped from his mouth. “Dean’s good at this stuff.”
After an hour, both Dean and Cas were whisked away by crewmembers for a few interview questions.
“Hello, Dean.”
“The Empty,” he nodded briefly toward Meg, “Could have me as soon as I was truly happy.”
Cas thought they couldn’t have it. Cas thought they couldn’t fucking have it when it was the one thing they both wanted.
Gordon got up to get it and they watched him go, the forced conversation dying down.
Eventually, he stepped forward, slamming his fist into Dean’s jaw one more time. Dean felt his mouth fill up with blood, and he spat the metallic liquid out toward Crowley.
They were working. He needed to focus.
Sam just ignored him. “And I’d be okay if it wasn’t just Cas too.”
He looked back at Cas and found him staring at him with an expression of joy and confusion and wonder and just about every other emotion that was running through Dean right now. But that didn’t matter. They would have time to sort out whatever this was between them. They would have time for long talks and heart-to-hearts and whispered confessions. For now, they were good. All of them were good.
There would be time later to tell Sam everything. To help him understand, to give him part of Dean’s burden to carry. But for today, this was all he needed.
“So?”
No, he was Heaven and Jack was in charge and maybe this could be-
Lamp guy straightened out and took the lamp easily in one hand, letting it swing gently from side to side. Dean rolled his eyes and almost looked away.
“Yeah,” Cas responded. “Didn’t really used to be. But my ex… well, it doesn’t matter. They’re amazing.”
“Shut up,” Dean spat immediately. “What are you talking about?”
“You have to tell him something. Or he’ll figure it out. You have to tell him, Dean.”
Each time he did, Dean squeezed his hand tightly, came and stood next to him, smoothing his hair until Cas smiled at him and nodded.
Silently, he prayed. It didn’t matter that his husband would never hear him, it was a comfort all the same.
“Gentleman,” he started, and Cas wondered briefly if that was on the card or was Garth’s personal flair, “Let’s
He didn’t look up when Sam came into the room, Jack right behind him.
The last time Cas had come into his room, had saved him from himself, was the day he was taken.
Coughs racked her body and her arms flailed uselessly at her sides and her eyes flew open. They were filled with terror, but they fixed on him, met his gaze with desperation.
“You’ll want to keep me around sweetheart,” Jake said, softly this time.
Because, yeah. Maybe he would get sent home. Or maybe it wouldn’t work with Lisa. But she was sweet and sexy and he got free drinks tonight no matter what.
Distantly, he heard the bunker door open and close. At least Sam or Jack had made it out. Then again, that could be Chuck coming to drag him away. Coming to gloat that the flaw in his plan, the hiccup that Cas had caused again and again was gone.
“You too, angel,” Dean said, letting the ball of emotions vibrating in his chest come undone and seep through him, love for Cas radiating so powerful he wondered why it wasn’t visible. “You too.”
“What the hell?” Sam said, shifting to get more comfortable.
“Cas,” Dean whispered against his ear, panic mounting in his chest. It never got easier, seeing him like this. It probably never would.
“Benny,” he started, and everyone turned to look at the lucky winner. “Why don’t you and me have a
“Where’s Jack?” he asked, eyes not moving.
“Uh, this is Sam, Sonny.”
Cas shrugged and took a step back toward him. “Were you eager to,” he raised his hands in exasperated air quotes “‘talk it out’ with Sam or I?”
“I’m in love with you,” Dean finished to himself. Then he slipped his phone back into his pocket.
late.
“Crowley wants more than that.”
“What if Chuck wins?”
“Cas is alive,” Bobby finished with a smile.
“He’s alive,” Sam said slowly. “He’s alive?!” his voice was dripping with sarcasm now, every syllable biting. “Jesus, Cas. Who the hell has him?”
Dean took a step forward and rotated the knife slowly in his hand. “What was he? Some bastard son from an affair with a whore?” He snorted and looked back to Cas with raised eyebrows before turning his attention to Crowley.
He scrolled through his text stream with Cas but almost immediately closed it. It felt too intimate, like he was spying, taking something that wasn’t his. He was reading old texts from Sam, most of them boring, when Cas got home.
Dean pulled his hand from the handprint and looked to the ceiling. Searching for a sign, an answer, any comfort to remove the pit that had settled in his stomach weighing him down. He’d never felt like this. Not when Sam had died. Not when Mom had died. Hell, not even when Cas had died before.
Dean whipped around and staggered to his feet, water pooling around his ankles before it disappeared. He rubbed his eyes as if the thing in front of him were a mirage, a cruel trick being played on him but no-
“I know. But we got no other leads, so,” Sam said with a shrug.
“You know it would be okay with me, right?”
After a minute of silence, Cas leaned forward. “Can I look?” he asked.
“Stop,” she gasped, her whole body straining against him. But he couldn’t, or he wouldn’t. His mind was just a red haze complete with high-pitched buzzing. He tightened his grip around her neck, the pain in his arms and on his face a dull throb in the background. The light in her eyes died slowly, and eventually she stopped thrashing.
Dean gulped and dropped his gaze. “I’ve never- I don’t know what that is.”
A bolt of fear went through him at the thought but he ignored it. This was something he could do. “Something you deserve,” Sam had said.
Cas kept his face composed, but inside he felt a little thrill. Family? He’d thought it was just another of Crowley’s goons, one of the indisposable goons he called on when he didn’t want to get his hands dirty.
“What the hell is this about, boy?” His voice was low. More like the John Winchester that Dean remembered. More like the John Winchester that had been created when Mary died. Or, really, the John that had been there all along but had been hidden in empty promises and sweet nothings.
“Not more than coffee?” he said, every word exaggerated but still soft, his eyes still crinkling at the corners.
“The Empty?” Jack asked quietly, and Dean jerked his face up to look at him. Jack had known. He’d known about the deal. Of course he had… it was to save him.
That time had been different.
“I love you, too,” Dean added, his voice thick with emotion. “I’m sorry it took me until now to say it. But I do. Of course I do.”
Something in Cas’ eyes broke the last walls down in his mind. The ones that said he could never do this no matter how badly he wanted to. The ones his dad had put into place and he’d never been strong enough to break down.
Dean gulped as their eyes met, and not for the first time today he wanted to reach out and take his hand. Instead he let his eyes turn to Sam and Jack, issuing a challenge. “You guys are going down.”
But he would be.
The footsteps came to a halt and Dean resisted the urge to turn his head to see who had entered the room behind him.
He hoped for her sake, though, that some of these guys went home. Jake already had, thank God. But Michael and Nick scared him. Cas was just weird. Gordon seemed okay but Dean had a feeling there was something he was hiding.
“Hey, Cas.” His throat felt tight. Cas looked completely at ease, comfortable.
to come off) and then walked out to the mirror where Dean stood waiting.
In the car, they talked about the Super Bowl they would miss while locked away from reality, their friends and family they were leaving behind, their jobs, anything but the girl they were all about to fight for.
“You made it,” she said simply, her arms still tight around him.
Cas reached down and took Dean’s other hand, pressing a soft kiss to it before he went on.
“Okay?” Cas said.
They were in an apartment, fairly small too. But it was perfect. Dean wouldn’t have wanted more space, and if he was being honest with himself, at least while no one else was here, as long as he was with Cas, he could have lived on the streets.
He turned to see Anna staring at him, a clipboard in one hand and a headset dangling around her neck.
Dean looked at his brother, then looked at the love of his life, then looked down the open road. He took a deep breath in, trying to think of the words. Trying to think of what he could even say in a moment like this.
There was silence on the other end. He could hear Cas’ breaths, could almost see his brow furrowing in concern. When Cas spoke again, his tone had softened and his voice was lower. “Why did you call me?”
“I’ll-” A strong wind attacked the beach, stealing the words from his mouth, so he ran forward til he was right in front of Cas. Too close to Cas. “I’ll have you,” he whispered.
But he didn’t know.
One of the other guys went next, and Dean didn’t pay much attention. Instead, he stared at Lisa, letting himself daydream for a second. She could be his wife. In just a few months, he could be engaged.
“He’s not a kid,” he cut in before he could stop himself.
“I love you, too,” Cas responded. Then he lifted Dean’s chin gently with his hand, kissing him firmly, passionately, pouring every ounce of conviction, of faith into the action. And Dean felt all his doubt slip away.
“Bring him back.” His voice was low but it wasn’t threatening. It came out more broken than anything. Because he was so broken. And maybe it was okay to let them see it. “Bring Cas back, Jack. We,” he glanced at Sam and took a deep breath. “I need him.”
“And I like you more than both,” Cas added seriously.
“We all do the best we can,” Sonny said, his voice empty.
Lisa stood and made her way to the front of the room, facing the guys. She took a deep breath and let out a nervous laugh.
A smile slowly filled her face and she nodded before saying, “You
Cas let out a sigh, then, his shoulders dropping as his body relaxed. The waves crashed behind them, steady, beautiful, lovely. Then returning to the sea. Everything as it should be.
Sam smiled a little but dropped his eyes to the table to give Dean space. His eyes stayed down, and he left them there when he answered. Dean expected a speech. Countless empty words about acceptance and love and equality and support. But Sam just said two words. “Tell him.”
He stood while he waited, trying to stop himself from pacing. A camera was still fixed on him, though Ketch had disappeared to God knows where. He fidgeted with his cufflinks, shivering without his jacket even though it was a pleasant night.
He finished the glass and set it by the sink before wandering back into the living room and cleaning up some of the mess. The one picture he had in the place was tipped over, so he reached down to set it up.
It had been a few weeks since the case. Sam hadn’t mentioned it once, true to his wishes, but he knew it couldn’t last long. Every time he and Cas were in a room together Sam looked at him with a soft glance that almost always turned pained. Sam’s words echoed in his head,
He drove for a while before he came back to his senses. Before what he’d done really sunk in. He could picture John talking to Mary, the disgust in his voice obvious. He honestly didn’t know what his mom would think. But at this point he didn’t care. There was only one thing on his mind. Only one infuriating angel he could think about. And he was here. Alive. In Heaven.
Still, he could almost hear Sam’s voice in his head, repeating ‘Kids are the best’ with a mocking grin on his face. Whatever, Sam didn’t know a thing about women. The fact he’d landed Eileen was a goddamn miracle.
“I need to go see my folks,” he said through gritted teeth. Then he took a steadying breath and looked up from his beer to Bobby. “Then I’m gonna find Cas.” He held the older hunter’s gaze, almost challenging him to comment. But Bobby just smiled back at him and nodded.
He did look at the other guys, though. Wondered who he actually wanted to stay. Part of him wanted the worst guys to stay so he would look better in comparison.
When he was out of sight, she held up her hands in a shrug and looked around for a producer who was already coming to take the lamp. She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and exchanged a few words and then her attention was back at the limo.
Balthazar’s features were barely visible in the dim light of the warehouse, and he wondered briefly if he should have just had him come to his home. It wouldn’t have been abnormal, Balthazar was one of his closest confidants. But he couldn’t risk it. Couldn’t let anyone know that for the first time in, well maybe ever, he was spiraling.
Still. It was interesting. In an observationally interesting kind of way.
Why hadn’t he just said it back? He’d meant it. He loved Cas. Maybe he always had. And not like he loved Sam. It was just Cas, only Cas, Cas was gone.
The group cheered and Cas cast a side-eye at the rest of the group, seeing only Michael not clapping. Dick.
But as much as he wanted to let the strong facade slip, the minute he walked into the living room, his blood ran cold.
“You were wrong,” he said finally. His voice shook slightly, but he didn’t care. What was John going to do now? With Mary there, with them in Heaven… his hands were tied.
Sam rolled his eyes but helped Jack onto the sled before getting on himself.
The rest of the dance was even easier than the first half. Cas was starting to think he wasn’t going to make a total fool of himself when Jay turned off the music and spread his hands wide.
Instead he would devise a plan. A foolproof way to ensure Dean’s safety. And his… but at the end of the day, if he didn’t come out of this alive and Dean did, then that was all that mattered.
Sometimes, though, Dean could actually wake him up.
He stopped talking, noticing they were both staring at him with smug smiles.
“Yes,” she said with a shrug. Before he had time to respond, she pressed the knife into his cheek, dragging it slowly across to create a deep cut.
He didn’t know how long the silence lasted. How long he stood there, clenching and unclenching his jaw, staring daggers at Cas. But it took Sam clearing his throat to break it, the noise breaking a floodgate. As his brother went to say something, Dean exploded, coming to his feet.
“Dean, what happened?” Sam said, resting an arm on his shoulder. Not the one with the handprint. Not the one that mattered. Not the one that stung with loss.
Dean let his fingers trail down to the floor where his gun and a large silver knife lay discarded. He’d grabbed them from his dresser with shaking hands before collapsing. And now he sat, the voices of his family in his head.
When she finally returned, he breathed a sigh of relief to see no one with her. Then he looked in her hands and couldn’t stop a shocked smile.
Cas had been wrong. On most levels, he was still just daddy’s blunt instrument. He was the man that John had groomed, had controlled. He was the man that John had caught, when he wasn’t a man at all. When he was just a boy in high school, trying to figure himself out. When he was with another boy his age, all smiles and laughs that turned into screams of fear and pain. He was the man who had been too afraid of his father to fight back, too desperate for his approval to live his own life, too alone in the world to turn anywhere else.
Benny pulled her in for a hug and then disappeared.
“Welcome to paradise, Castiel,” he laughed.
“I’ve been doing this a long time, Dean. Everything’s taken care of.”
“Uh, hey, man.”
The guy tilted his head, his face deadly serious. “I think she liked it.”
“We can have that.”
, that had swept through him. He opened his mouth to answer, not even sure what he was going to say, but a door swung open behind him.
Now ignoring the useless crew, Dean shrugged off his jacket and offered it to Lisa. “Are you okay?”
“No!” Dean launched himself across the bed, desperately grabbing for Cas. “I love you,” he screamed as his hands landed on nothing. Just empty air. Empty air and no angel.
“Why are you up?” Cas asked, his head tilting further in confusion.
He wasn’t too nervous. If there was one thing he consistently didn’t fuck up on it was first impressions with women. Everything else in his life could go to shit, but at least he had that.
Mick rolled his eyes but nodded. “Maybe you’re right. I’m going to get a drink, can I get you anything?”
So everyone in his life just assumed he didn’t want it. Or maybe even that he was incapable of it. And he was sometimes. It was just hard to find someone that he actually cared about enough to let his guard down.
Dean jerked back and then came to meet his eyes, afraid he would get that glassy faux-lucid look that Cas got whenever these episodes hit.
“Of course, sweetheart. I wouldn’t miss it.”
The ground felt cold beneath his legs, and it seemed to dig into him as he reached out two fingers for her neck. He pressed them into the vein and waited, breathless. He breathed a sigh of relief when he felt a steady if somewhat weak beat against his fingers. He pushed himself up with his good arm and went to finally leave when suddenly her whole body seized.
“Okay, Dean,” he repeated. But this time, this time it sounded like he meant it. Like Dean wouldn’t have to hold him, desperately crying his name as the angel lay motionless. Like Dean would still have a reason to get up. Because Cas was
He’d only ever really been in love once. When he was still just a kid, barely in his twenties. He just didn’t do the whole “love” thing.
Jack would say something simple but full of meaning. He would look at Dean with that expression that was so eerily similar to Cas and let Dean speak, choosing instead to listen.
There was only one bathroom on the whole second floor, which was maybe the stupidest part of the whole thing, so Benny, Nick, and Harry all got away to brush their teeth before all the other guys got there.
Dean could almost feel the tension thicken in the room at his words, and the guy sitting next to him shifted slightly.
“Boys,” Lisa started, “I’d like you to meet my friend, Scott. He’s gonna be helping us out today.”
The sea air was everything he’d always imagined. Salty and fresh and calming.
All he could see, all he could think, all he could breathe in, it was just Cas.
“Dammit,” he said under his breath. Stella’s arms pushed against the floor, tears flowing freely from her eyes as she struggled to push herself up. Cursing himself silently the whole time, he lifted her by the shoulders, letting her sit up straight and open her windpipe.
He didn’t talk about it anymore though. It didn’t haunt him as much now. New traumas had filled its place. But the visions of Hell somehow stung the most, rang the truest.
A few of them were fidgeting nervously, but most of them were peaking past the wall, looking at where Lisa sat in the front row.
“I know, and I don’t care, honestly. I just-” Dean hesitated again and Cas smiled in spite of himself. He was adorable. “I worry about you.”
But for him? Lies were stopping him from being with the love of his life. They were stopping him from being honest with his brother. They were setting him on the path to ruin relationships with every member of his family.
Chris paused for a second and looked around the room, his face just blank enough that it gave nothing away. “So, I wish you all the best. And if you’re ready, here’s our bachelorette.”
Naomi just nodded distractedly and waved him away. “Right, right. Thanks, Castiel.”
“Of course,” he managed to squeeze out, hating how high his voice got. “What size?” That sentence had never fucking made Dean blush before, but as he looked up and met the man’s eyes, his face went bright red. Or, more bright red than it had been.
He knew Sam wouldn’t believe him. Knew that as much as he didn’t like talking about his emotions, his feelings, he wore them on his sleeve whether he wanted to or not. Sam had probably known about Cas for a long time. But this stupid dream, it gave him the opportunity to force a conversation.
Cas just nodded against Dean and pulled him in closer.
Eventually, Dean cleared his throat and looked around. People on the street were staring at the men in the middle of the street who were locked in a tight embrace.
They walked to the front of the room where a table was set up, their names displayed at two of the place settings. Dean felt stiff beside him, his movement mechanical, and Cas unhooked Dean’s arm from his own, stopping to face his husband front on.
“What?” he said shortly. He didn’t have time for casual calls today. Didn’t have time for any calls, really.
“I heard your prayer,” Cas said quickly.
All told, 14 guys were going on the date. 14 guys sharing time with Lisa. A recipe for the perfect night.
“I love you too, Cas.”
He shook off the thought and followed Dean through the door. He was fine. They got this.
“Awful,” Mick chimed in. “I completely botched everything. Forgot what I was supposed to say.”
“Then where the hell is he, man?”
“Don’t need to. That’s why you pay me.”
Dean pushed through the glass doors of the lobby, his hands sweaty and shaky. When he got outside, he waved to Sam and gestured to the phone. Then he walked around behind the building and leaned heavily against the cool brick.
Sam looked terrified. But Dean was in Cas’ arms, Dean was happy. He couldn’t leave now.
Cas had fallen in love with him. And Dean loved him back. Of course he did.
“Awww you should go after him,” Charlie added.
He extended a hand toward Dean as he got there, a smile fixed to his face. There was pain there. But he looked like a good guy.
“I’m Dean,” he started with a smile.
Cas smiled and nodded with the rest of the guys, his eyes wandering around, staring pointlessly at the other contestants.
He blinked at the question and looked down at his chest. Then he decided to move past the slip and try to give her something she could use.
“We cannot locate Dean Winchester,” Balthazar said for the second time that night. Cas was silent, and he continued, “We aren’t sure why they’re hiding him. It seems clear that they’re only keeping him so you’ll come find him. Some sort of revenge deal. Everyone knows you love your pretty little sidepiece-”
They were going second. Right after Garth, who had pulled Naomi to the side and
Cas cleared his throat before he answered, and when he did his voice was back to normal. “What do you mean?”
“So we go to the hill, the sun is finally starting to rise, but everything is still freezing. Dean sits on the lid cross-legged and since he was my idiot older brother, I followed him. He pushed us both down the hill. It was basically solid ice, and we were on metal trash can lids.”
He didn’t really understand the messages with Jody. They were out of context. They must have called first. She encouraged him to just talk about it, to be open about it, but he had no clue what “it” was so he clicked away.
Cas blushed and his lips parted before he looked down at the sand covering their feet.
“You don’t know that.”
And more than anything in his life, Cas had been the one to help that trauma fade to background noise. Of course Sam had too. Or he’d tried. But Dean couldn’t really let Sam in. And sharing memories of Hell with Sam felt cruel, when his brother’s experience in Hell had been a million times worse. Some of that pain had been taken by Cas though.
“You don’t get to-” Dean paused, drawing in a deep breath as he unclenched his fist. “You don’t get to just say shit like that and shut up, Cas.”
Cas cleared his throat and Dean started, whipping around to face him. “Hello, Dean.” The costume dropped to the floor.
“You’re insatiable,” Cas said with a roll of his eyes. But anyone who knew him well could see the ghost of a smile dancing around his lips.
The light near the window was even brighter, but the sink was there, so he squinted as his glass filled. After chugging it, he felt a little better. The splitting headache receded and was replaced by a single thought. The only thought he’d ever cared about in the last few years.
“I haven’t heard from Dean in days. Cas,” There was a soft thud on the other end. Sam must have sat back down. He probably had run a hand through his hair, too. “Please just tell me he’s with you.”
Dean laughed and rolled his eyes jokingly. “My family will not believe this,” he gestured to the rose pinned to his chest. “I mean just- complete shock.”
It was more than that, though. There were some guys here who could make Lisa very happy. And she deserved that. Hell, they deserved that more than Dean did.
“Shoulda taken your own fucking advice,” Sam muttered before clicking away.
Waves crashed loudly on the shore outside. It was interesting, beautiful even, that each one sounded different. Each hit the shore in its own time before receding back to the wide expanse of the sea. But they always came back.
“I guess sometimes-”
He moved to fight, but he was exhausted. And a new bout of pain wracked his body as soon as they pulled at his injured arm. So he let himself be forced to the floor. Let himself submit as they knelt on his back, deciding his fate.
He hesitated. It wasn’t like he had a good reason for calling. “Yeah, Sammy. I’m not working today,” he said. “I just wanted to check in.”
“Dammit, Cas.”
guys like this
She ran her eyes over all of them, connecting with Dean for a second before moving on. When she’d dragged it out just long enough to be awkward, she held the rose a little closer to her chest and said, “Castiel.”
“I guess they’ll have to get the money,” his voice was still soft, but he let a slight edge creep into it.
He just shook his head sadly and looked down at his lap.
Great. Of course that was where Cas jumped. Maybe it was his conversation with Sam, the quiet acceptance that still beat quietly in the room, but he considered it. If it went terribly, he wouldn’t lose Cas. He knew that. No matter how much he’d fucked up before, the angel had stuck by his side. So he wouldn’t lose him. But he would make things different.
The audition song went by excruciatingly slowly, everyone busting out their cringey dance moves and making as much eye contact as possible with Lisa. Cas felt the awkwardness seeping through him and his heart rate kicked up. This was just the goddamn beginning part. He could fucking do this.
“Yeah.” He grinned as she shrugged his jacket off from her shoulders (he hadn’t even realized she was still wearing it) and draped it over him. Then she pinned the rose to his lapel and pulled him in for a short hug.
“There’s some great guys here, for sure. I don’t know how many of them are really Lisa’s type… but, you know, I think she could find someone out of this group.”
“Yes, more than coffee,” Cas said quietly.
“You know,” Sonny said, his voice for the first time was shaking slightly, “There was a boy. Here. At the home. That’s why he didn’t want to leave. That’s why he had to stay. But he chose you.”
“It’s-”
He did, with a quick nod and salute, and Dean finally let his eyebrows relax from where they’d risen halfway up his forehead.
“Alright, who’s ready?” he asked playfully, greeted by a loud cheer. Once things had quieted down, he pulled the card out and started reading. “Castiel,” Cas smiled, high-fiving the guys around him with enthusiasm he didn’t really feel. “Gabe,”
He sat down in front of the camera and adjusted himself before nodding to them that he was ready.
The waves beat against the shore steadily and a breeze blew along with them, rustling Dean’s hair against Cas’ chin. They didn’t say anything that night. Just watched as the sunset faded into stars hanging over a sea of black.
“And you can still come tonight, right?”
Dean’s thoughts were interrupted as the room fell silent and Chris Harrison walked in holding a champagne flute. He tapped a fork against it (rich people… what the fuck) and the room fell silent.
“Is Jess there?” If Jess was there, she would talk him out of it. She would make him see sense, would tell him to hand this to the police. If Jess was there then this whole plan was out the window.
“Dean is happy here,” Cas said suddenly. And Dean wanted to step back into his arms, rest his head against his chest and let it all melt away.
“Did the lamp thing work?” he asked when the silence had gotten too awkward for him.
“We can stand,” Dean said, his voice already tight.
“Oh, definitely,” he answered flatly.
Before he could reply, though, Michael shouted, “Tell us who the solo guy is!”
Chris walked in and talked to Naomi for a second before turning to face the guys.
When they broke apart, Cas just smiled sadly at him.
“And Cas,” Dean immediately interrupted. Inwardly, he cursed, but outwardly he held Sam’s gaze with what he hoped was a blank expression. Sam slowly raised one eyebrow, but it wasn’t snarky. It was full of pity.
“Mom, can you give us a minute?” His eyes never left John, but he saw her nod out of the corner of his eye before disappearing back into the house. John stepped outside and closed the door, gesturing to a set of deck chairs.
He took all that in slowly, taking a second to process. He had greeted Lisa. He was here. This was it. And his worthless ass had a chance of making it past the first night.
“Can you blame me?” she shot back, gesturing around the room.
“Mick Davies,” he responded. He spoke with a heavy Cockney accent and sat with the manners of a pretentious dick. He didn’t bother Dean as much as he should have, though. There were enough psychos here that he could stand one uptight guy.
When he came to, he was lying on the floor of a dirty warehouse, tears he didn’t remember shedding streaking his face.
“Asa, Cole, Garth,” he pointed to himself with a broad grin, “Ash, Michael, Dean,” Cas zoned out after that, staring fixedly into the faces of the guys around him.
If he went alone, Crowley would kill them both. That was his plan, it had to be. To make him watch Dean die before flatlining him. He cursed himself inside. The man who’d sent Gavin hadn’t even owed him that much. And now he was in this mess.
And he wanted more.
“In the flesh.” She said it flatly, without any sass or attitude. And that only served to make Dean’s skin crawl more.
Cas was silent. Completely silent. Not even his breathing made a sound. After he hadn’t responded or even moved for a while, Dean shifted and looked up at him. His eyes were gleaming, swimming with tears. None of them spilled over the edge though, just made his blue eyes shine in the dark.
Dean let out a little huff--Cas had to push back that damn smile again--and then took Cas’ offered arm, leaning into him slightly. He nodded to an older couple standing in the corner. The woman had a floor length red gown on, completely with a sparkling diamond necklace wrapped around her neck.
Their steps echoed off the walls as they left the din of car horns and squealing tires and entered the relatively quiet alley behind the venue.
With a sigh, he rubbed his eyes.
“Just thinking bout you,” Dean murmured.
“Dammit, Cas,” Sam sighed. “Give it to me straight. What’s going on?”
“Sam,” Sonny repeated. He was awake now, but now worry was laced into his voice.
He didn’t move until Sam asked in a quite voice, as if he was afraid of the answer, “Where’s Cas?”
The main room was full of chatter, producers pulling people off to the side while the guys tentatively got to know each other. Dean thought he saw Lisa outside but before he could make it to the door, there was a touch on his arm and he turned to find Naomi.
After his heart rate had dropped and his breathing evened out he walked to the doorway. He turned back to look at the room and saw Stella’s body lying there, completely still. The voice was stronger now, telling him to rush over to her, to take her pulse, to try to help.
Dean nodded mutley and his hands started shaking again. Gone, gone, gone. Cas was gone. Alone. Forgotten. In love with no clue that it was returned.
Dean smoothed out his suit and walked over, sitting on the couch. He held out his hand to the guy Benny had been talking to.
After they toasted, Lisa was whisked away and the producers briefed them on how the different rooms were assigned. Apparently, they weren’t even adult enough to decide their own sleeping arrangements, but he guessed they were probably doing it for the drama anyway.
“I know,” Dean said quietly.
“What if-” Dean paused. He shouldn’t say this now. Not when everything was so perfect. Not when he had everything he needed.
“Say goodbye, boys.”
Dean raised himself up breathlessly until his face was just inches from Cas. He didn’t know what was wrong. Cas’ eyes revealed nothing. Or they revealed too much. There was too much in them to read. Too much pain, too much love, too much terror. But above it all, above all the swirling emotions, was one feeling. Want.
He kissed softly, letting himself revel in every feeling, every emotion that overwhelmed him.
way for it to work was if no one knew.
Before Dean could answer, Cas entered the room and Dean closed his mouth firmly, blush spreading across his cheeks.
The strippers on stage started their dance as the contestants started coming to life, realizing what was happening. Cas watched the stage for a minute--cowboys weren’t really his thing--then turned curiously to see the rest of the group’s reactions.
“I love you too,” Dean whispered to the empty room.
“And you.” Dean interrupted without thinking, drinking in the feeling of Cas pressed against him.
Crowley released the hand from his jaw and patted his cheek twice. “Sure, darling. And after your guts,” he spat the word, almost like it offended him, “are spilled all over the floor… then I’ll kill Castiel, and damn all the retribution that will come with it.”
She just shrugged. “I couldn’t tell you. Maybe you’ll get to ask him.” As soon as the words left her mouth, she closed up, like she’d given too much away. But he pretended not to notice, instead smiling.
“Dean. We need you.” Sam stepped forward, lifting his hands to show he was defenseless. “I do. Jack does. Cas, the real Cas, he needs you.”
“Lisa is great,” he said immediately. “I mean watching her last season I was immediately drawn to her. She’s such a good mother, such a sweet girl. And she’s hot as hell, too,” he added like an afterthought.
“Crowley,” he said, fighting to keep his voice even. Getting jumped in the alley had been one thing. He’d reacted instinctively, immediately reverting to who he’d been all those years ago. But now the pressure was more drawn out, his nerves stretched to the extreme. And adrenaline wasn’t gonna cut it.
“Castiel,” the man said simply.
He felt his eye twitch again and fought the urge to let his whole face twist into a scowl. His lungs filled with the freezing air as he took in another deep breath. When he was in control again, he turned around.
“Cas, angel, please I need you to wake up,” he whispered into Cas’ ear, shaking him slightly. It never worked when he was violent. As much as he wanted to shake Cas until he snapped out of it, shout at him until he came back to him, it never accomplished anything. All that got him was a bruised jaw and a tearful, regretful husband the next morning.
Another round of cheering and Lisa shushed them all by holding the clipboard high.
The coughs lasted a few more moments and he let her use him as a support, stopping her from falling to the ground.
Cas wanted that. More than anything. More than he could admit to anyone, even himself. It was scary, how dependent he’d become on Dean. How happy Dean made him, even when he only showed it occasionally. Dean was everything. And Dean would hate the idea of Sam going into danger, so he had to say something. Just once, and then he would take Sam’s offer for help, no question.
He smiled fondly down at the picture, remembering the laughs. And then remembering that night, when he’d found out just how much Dean loved cowboys.
This time when he answered, he was more alert, more insistent. “And you. You help us save the world, Cas. No- Dammit,” he paused, searching for the words. “You don’t just help, Cas. You are a part of this team, of this family, in every way. You’ve done more for us than anyone, and you’ve sacrificed even more for the entire world. Hell, you probably care more than Sam and I combined.”
Next to the door, another guy about his age stood next to a lamp, foot tapping nervously against the floor. Dean couldn’t help but notice he was dressed nice. A dark blue suit that fit tightly against him. But, God, he looked nervous. Or… really more annoyed than nervous. If that was the competition, Dean had this in the bag.
Charlie had disappeared to god knows where, but Dean didn’t care. He just dropped his eyes and tried to push down the blush rising on his neck.
“Hello, Dean.”
Maybe, just maybe, he’d get one to go with it. One with three stripes: pink, purple, and blue.
Some of the guys in the car cheered--Dean couldn’t help but notice that lamp guy was just staring out the window, knuckles white as he clutched his ridiculous offering--but Dean let out a shrill wolf whistle, grinning from ear to ear.
He smiled and held his hands wide in a shrug. “I mean- I feel good. I’m glad I got the first impression rose so I don’t need to worry about this rose ceremony. I do think it’s kind of shitty that I had to get the rose in the way I did… but Lisa’s an amazing girl and I’m excited to see where this could go.”
He kept his face expressionless even as his mind told him to shoot her on the spot, clean up the mess later. That wouldn’t help though. “Where is he?”
“I have to go alone.”
“A djinn,” Dean said. Those two words, he could do those. He could tell Cas a little bit more, too. He didn’t have to tell him what he’d dreamed. “I got caught. Got put under the djinn’s poison, and Sam saved me.”
Benny smiled at that, listening to Dean go on about how he’d fixed her up, built her from the ground up. He left out everything before she’d gotten totaled, and Benny didn’t ask. He didn’t need the cameras getting that just yet. And he was extremely aware that every word he was saying was being recorded.
He went home eventually. He didn’t remember driving back or calling a car, but somehow he was there, walking into the lobby and taking the elevator to the top floor. When he walked stiffly into his living room, he was ready to collapse. To let himself crumple to the floor and spend the night there, uncomfortable enough that maybe he could take some of Dean’s pain away, whatever they were doing to-
“Good,” Benny said with a smirk, punching Dean on the shoulder.
After a while, his breathing started to slow, and his thoughts stopped spinning so fast. His mind filled with pleasant memories of Dean. He saw them dancing on the rooftop where no one would see, the stars covered by the smaug of the city but the light in their eyes enough for both of them.
Cas tilted his head and Dean’s laughter redoubled. He had thought he would be angry. Cas was alive, and he hadn’t even dropped in to let them know he was okay. But he didn’t care. Not in this moment. Because Cas was standing right in front of him. Cas was real.
“What’s going on?” Sam asked. Dean clenched his jaw and stood, folding his arms as he faced Cas.
With a heavy sigh he collapsed on the bed and stared at the ceiling. It was as boring as the rest of the hotel, but at least it gave him somewhere to focus his eyes.
The producers hadn’t told him when he asked.
“I know, Sam.”
Charlie had the nerve to look shocked, eyes opening wide. “Nothing!”
It was poetic in the cruelest of ways. And if it weren’t for everything, he would have thought this was Chuck’s writing. But, no. Castiel was the only part of Chuck’s story that he couldn’t control. Because Cas had fallen.
To his left, a body dropped, and he felt a cold hand wrap around his heart. But as his eyes readjusted to the dim light he saw Dean standing over the body, his chest rising and falling rapidly as a trail of blood dripped from his knife.
Their smiles widened and he just looked down, determined to get through this goddamn morning without any more embarrassment.
“Hey, Dad.”
“Right. He’s- what? 26?”
Cas just stared at him, his face blank. But he could see behind Cas’ eyes, could see his wheels spinning, could feel him trying to understand, to read between the lines.
A producer got their attention and waved them outside, where a limo already sat parked.
“Alright,” Chris said, after congratulating them all again, “Let’s talk about how this works. This week, there’ll be three dates. One group date, two one-on-one dates. If you get a rose on any of the dates, you’re safe. However, if you do not receive a rose on a one-on-one date, you will have to go home. Make the best of those. I have your first date card right here for the one-on-one.”
After a minute, Dean decided to get up and get a drink. He was sure he would have his time to steal Lisa away later, and he needed to loosen up a little.
“Dean, let’s leave the past in the-”
“Dean wouldn’t want you risking yourself for him, Sam.”
It seemed like only a few minutes had passed before there was just one rose sitting on the table.
“The rest of the gentleman in your limo will be downstairs in a few. I think one of them is already there. I’m sure you remember from the rules… you can talk about the show for now but in future travel, conversation needs to be limited to non-Bachelor-nation topics.”
Dean met his eyes for what felt like another ten minutes before finally nodding, the concern slipping from his face. “Then let’s fucking do it.”
“I love you too.”
“I love you, Dean Winchester,” he said, his eyes drifting over Dean’s shoulder to look behind him.
changed.” Dean stared back into her eyes, a question on his face. So she went on. “The old you never would have admitted that.”
“He’s not okay, Sam.” He let some emotion creep into his voice. It wasn’t faked, he just stopped masking it for a second. Dean was gone. The second he let himself think about that, process that, he felt close to breaking down again.
“Not yet,” Dean answered. His throat had gone dry and he gulped to fix it but that just sent him into a coughing fit. When he was done, Sam laughed and gestured to their closed books.
And in it all, Dean saw love. He saw love for Cas, from Cas, surrounding both of them so tightly that they wouldn’t have been able to escape it if they tried. He saw love as his other vein was tapped, the pool of blood in his lap and around him growing.
Reluctantly, he untangled himself from Cas’ arms, and looked into his eyes. He kept his hands on Cas’ shoulders, though, the touch grounding him.
Dean nodded, his smile starting to hurt his cheek. “He more of a Stairway kid or a Kashmir kid?”
“Like that matters,” he said when Charlie was done with her customer.
“Bye,” Dean added, racking his mind for something, anything, to make the guy stay. But it was too late. He was already walking away.
Benny looked around at the other guys and Dean gave him a thumbs up before he stepped out onto the drive, straightening his suit jacket before the door swung shut.
Dean took a breath in and relaxed, then he stepped out the opened door.
The guy had tousled black hair like he’d just woken up, which, given that it was 7 in the morning wasn’t a bad assumption. His eyes shone bright blue even from this distance and Dean felt like he was going to drown in them. And then all the sudden he was up at the cash register, standing right in front of Dean.
“Open it!” someone called.
When they finally stepped out into the bright sunshine, Cas let out a sigh of relief.
“Abaddon,” he growled.
“Mr. Novak. And this is my husband, Dean Winchester. He organized this whole event.”
“How’d it go?”
“Seriously?”
Sam smiled in spite of himself, smiled through the tears he hadn’t realized were streaking down his cheeks. “That would mean a lot to him.” After a brief pause, he kept talking. He didn’t know why this man made it so easy, why he felt so safe with someone he’d never even known. “He was applying for a job. Did he tell you? Is that what he called about? He was gonna be a mechanic.” He laughed bitterly. “A normal life.”
“Shut the hell up.”
Sam took a deep breath and clicked into the messages, hands shaking slightly. Without reading them, almost on impulse, he hit call.
good time?”
But he didn’t think it was real this time. Not for a second. And Dean wanted to pretend it was because it had already happened, he knew what the poison felt like, he could fight it this time. But that wasn’t it.
He finally turned to face them. Saw Sam glancing back and forth in confusion, Cas looking at the floor, unable to meet his eyes.
She turned from them and Chris held out his arm to lead her into the next room. Dean’s face hurt from smiling and he let his face fall for a second, conscious as ever of the cameras fixed on him.
This was stupid. There was no way he could do
-------
The room they followed her into was dark and smokey and blue and pink strobe lights lit up the whole space. Loud music was playing through the speakers and Cas had to lean forward to hear Lisa as she led them into the room and directed them into a line.
“Is he okay?”
Dean didn’t answer, just watched as Cas tilted his head. Eventually, Cas climbed back onto the bed, straddling Dean. He pressed a soft kiss against his lips, tracing his hands over his chest. And Dean couldn’t help it, he kissed back, tears just behind his eyes while pure joy battled for his attention.
He wasn’t worthy to be talking to Cas. To be in the same room as Cas. He was the one who had dragged him to Earth even as Cas pulled him from Hell. And Cas kept choosing him over and over. And as much as Dean hated it… he loved it. He loved him. Not that he would ever allow himself the pleasure of saying it out loud.
