Warnings for violence in this chapter. The big bads get what's coming to them. It's not overly explicit, but its not pretty.
Or at least that’s what Steve Rogers believed. At the top of the One World Trade Center in Los Angeles, with his best friend at his side and his father discussing a deal with the Russians across the rooftop, there certainly wasn’t any reason to believe differently. Steve was mildly interested in the matters that were being discussed, as his father seemed to be growing more agitated by the second, but he wasn’t worried. They would debrief on the plane ride home, and then decide together on the best path forward. Ever since Steve returned home from the army two years ago, Joseph was adamant about roping him in on every decision regarding the Howling Commandos, preparing him for his eventual succession.
Steve took a deep breath in, fingering his own weapon and finding strength in the shield hooked onto his back. “Move out. Twenty minutes, team, then disappear.”
Once the introductions were out of the way, Steve steered him to the couch and pushed his shoulders so that Tony had no choice but to sit. Everyone else remained standing though, and Tony finally couldn’t bite down his frustration anymore.
Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts/hopes/dreams about this story so far. Comments are my motivation.
Tony snorted and shook his head. “No way, old man. I know better than that. I’ve got an entire array of shiny new toys for you to use, but before I’m letting you touch any of those, I need to have a look at that arm.”
Yet another silly rumor was that just last month, the Captain burned down a warehouse that housed and sold meth to children in the neighborhood. That one was a little closer to the truth. The Howling Commandos did in fact set the warehouse ablaze under his orders, but the Captain was nowhere near Brooklyn at the time.
Monocle Man rushed to his side, grabbing Tony by the blood soaked hoodie and thrust him upwards. “The bomb! The bomb! How do you use it?”
As predicted, the only avenue that panned out in the search for Tony was tracking his cell phone. Even if Stane had destroyed it, which he most likely did, Bruce had suggested that each of them insert a tracking device inside so that he and Tony could keep an eye out on everybody’s locations in the field.
His boyfriend rapped his knuckles against the table and snapped his fingers together in an attempt to direct his nervous energy. “JARVIS, say hello to Steve. You remember me telling you about him, right?”
The man “tsk’ed” at him. “That boyfriend of yours is quite protective over you. Wouldn’t leave you alone. We had to wait until he wasn’t around to make our move. It was difficult getting around him.”
Steve grunted, but answered her questions as he and Bucky grabbed onto either side of Thor. “Don’t worry about that. All you really need to know is that there is a bad man out there, and we’re going to stop him.”
The classic tale of James Rogerus and his migration from Dublin, Ireland to Brooklyn, New York was shared frequently and fondly in the Rogers household, as well as whispered as a warning in surrounding neighborhoods, which eventually expanded into surrounding cities and states. From his less-than-desirable pennilessness to the explosive beginnings of the most feared Irish-American gang on the Eastern seaboard, the Howling Commandos,
Here, though, around his team and the only people he trusted, the Avengers let his strange energy motivate them. They had an assignment, the next step in carrying out their purpose. Taking out a major sex trafficking ring and putting down someone as disturbed as Zemo would save hundreds of lives in the future. Sure, with Coulson’s intel, the FBI are aware of Zemo’s activities, but with all of the rules and bureaucratic red tape, they can’t even get enough evidence for a search warrant.
Thanks for reading y'all! I'd love to hear your thoughts. I always appreciate all of the kudos/comments/messages. You guys are wonderful.
Steve reached down to the drain and pulled, then leaned back to grab the towel. Tony watched him through half-lidded eyes, exhaustion and weariness finally making themselves known. Steve’s lips twitched at the sight, and wrapped the towel around Tony’s shoulders before speaking and breaking the spell. “Alright, sweetheart, you’re all clean. Let’s get you dried off and dressed so you can come take a nap.”
“But,” Tony argued, the noise coming out of his throat sounding dangerously like a small whine. “But, I could do a systems check again? Or confirm that all of the security cameras will be down once they move out? Or, I don’t know, verify the weakest entrance points?”
“Thank you for telling me. But Tony, none of this changes how I feel about you. If anything, it helps me understand you better.” He kissed his left cheek, “You’re still a genius,” a kiss on the right cheek, “that’s going to make the world a better place with clean energy,” and a final kiss back onto his trembling lips. “And you’re mine.”
Aaaaand whatever relaxed, comatose state Steve was slipping into shattered, leaving only frustration. “I’m not leaving him, Buck. He’s more important than class.”
When he first asked Clint to follow Tony, the archer had thought he was a potential target. Steve had practically snarled at the man, ordering him to stand down under any and all circumstances. Clint then threw up his hands placatingly, cocking an interested eyebrow. “New recruit, then?”
To his credit, Obie lasted longer than anyone else. He was always there when Tony came up with a new invention, even at an early age, eager to test it out and market it as the latest and greatest from Stark Industries. By the time Tony started making weapons, he was practically starving to make Obie proud, to have someone
The kids furrowed their brows, and glanced quickly at one another before turning back to The Captain, in the full cowl that masked his face. “What do you mean.”
for people to reconfirm his worth, but it would be a lie to say that it wasn’t fantastic for his ego. “I’m staying out of it, Rhodeybear, I promise. Besides, Steve is big enough to protect us both if any sort of shit like New York goes down.”
A bright light was suddenly thrust too close to his face, and Tony groaned, trying to claw his way back to the sweet expanse of darkness.
Pepper and Rhodey were the first people aside from Jarvis who loved him for who he was, not for his last name. They were the best friends Tony’s ever had, but they were human, and had a hard time managing Tony when he went on four-day long engineering binges, or drank himself under the table when his father was mentioned on the news. He would be forever grateful to Pepper and Rhodey for being the kinds of friends that got him through one of the toughest stages of life and for sticking by him despite his lack of a gentle personality, any practical social skills, or money. Despite his love for Jarvis and his friends, Tony had yet to meet someone who could match him shot for shot in terms of stubbornness and his eye for trouble.
“The essentials.” He said as a way of explanation. Tony didn’t want to have to explain that eighty percent of his paycheck goes to his shitty rent, so he had to live on the rest.
Tony swallowed heavily. “Like you did me. I didn’t want to be here, and yet…” He gave a light wave of his hand before dropping it onto the table.
Tony leaned down and picked up a particularly heavy-looking mechanical hammer from the bottom rack and set it down in front of Thor. “That, my friend, is your new favorite toy. It’s biometrically altered, so only you, and me of course, can lift it. It scans the fingerprint then distributes the weight accordingly. You’ll also find different settings where it holds a max of about five hundred volts of electricity, more than enough to kill someone, so be careful with that sucker. It can also rebuild itself into an axe when you hit the right combination.”
After ten minutes of silence, Rogers moved his gaze from the window back to Tony. “An associate of mine owns a home off the coast of Sicily that I might like to take you to one day. You can see Mt. Etna, also known as Mongibello, from the city. Legend says that Zeus used to hide Typhon there-a monster of 100 heads, and that it’s still trying to escape.”
He nodded, sucking in a harsh breath. Tony wouldn’t appreciate Steve spilling his secret, but his safety was more important that trust right now. “Yeah. He told me last night that Carbonell isn’t his real name.”
“We’re ready, sweetheart.” Steve told him, holding him close to his chest and whispering in his ear. Tony took a deep breath and brought the bomb to his lips, using the voice command feature and smearing a trail of his blood onto the scanner. The moment he did, Bucky tore it out of his hands and threw it into the room with the dead Hydra leaders.
He looked down the table to the rest of his team. “Falcon, you and Hawkeye break out everyone you can in Back Bay, direct them to the corner of Beacon and Dartmouth, where you can tip off Coulson to have the ambulances waiting to provide medical attention. We can get you the keys to the cells if needed, but I have faith in your abilities to not slow down the operation.”
One day Stevie came home with a police scanner, “just to keep an eye out, Buck.” Bucky wasn’t an idiot though, and he knew Steve better than anyone. That single police scanner was the beginning of another cycle of their former life, but here in Boston.
The scientist grimaced and double clicked a key on his laptop. The temperature in the conference room shifted, suddenly too hot and too humid for Steve to take a breath. The lack of oxygen caused a chaotic red to seep into the edges of his vision, and Steve barely felt the table crack underneath his weight.
He was mildly irritated that Rogers had ordered for his things to be tampered with, but it was swallowed up by pure elation at having his phone back. Tony picked it up and threw himself onto the bed, contemplating what exactly he wanted to do. Would he tell Pepper what happened? Would she even realize?
Tomorrow would be busy, with Tony and his friends being interrogated by the police about what happened (Clint had gone over the crime scene with a fine-toothed comb and confirmed that there was absolutely no evidence that the Avengers were involved), lawyers and reporters wanting to talk to Tony about his new role at Stark Industries (they already hired a lawyer they could trust in the future proceedings, Matt Murdock), and discussing the two new teenagers they all suddenly had in their lives.
Obie nodded understandingly and reached out to pat him on the back, trying to encourage some distance between him and Thor, but the taller man would not be moved. His godfather frowned for a moment, then replaced it with a wide grin. “So happy to hear that, Tony! Well, we just heard that you had your final Thesis Defense this morning, and wanted to wish you luck.”
“You’re working a job? Why didn’t I know about this?” His best friend demanded, scooting over so that Natasha could kick her feet up onto his lap.
Steve saw red. His grip on Tony tightened for a fraction of a second before he relaxed, careful not to jostle any of his injuries.
“Tell the man the damn truth, Tones. You’ll be fine. He still likes you after all this time, right? I can’t imagine that your family history will be that much of a red flag.”
? “What...what do you want with me?” Oh God, he wasn’t going to be able to speak again for a while. It hurt too much. Like his lungs were bursting straight out of his chest.
The man’s eyes traveled to Tony’s basket, and he jutted his chin towards it. “I see you’re stocking up.”
The blast threw Stane reeling backwards into the opposing wall at the same the door was kicked in. A flurry of residual smoke wafted around Tony’s field of vision, but he would recognize that hulking body anywhere. Once you’ve run your tongue along every square inch of skin like that, it was impossible to forget.
“Hey!” He protested as Steve emptied his underwear drawer into the bag. Tony grunted in annoyance and started dressing quickly as well. “You’ve never taken me to your place before! Why are we all of a sudden running there now?”
So, Tony Stark got to work on what he did best. Building weapons. More specifically, a bomb that was included on the list of demands. He was a genius, though, and used the tools he had in front of him to include a biometric scanner in the design. He would build what they asked for, but he would make sure he was the only one able to use it.
was up in the rafters, taking out the first line of our enemies, the silencer still on his weapon. Six men dropped around us, and it was enough of a distraction for Clint and I to grab our weapons and join the fight. Ten minutes later, we stood alone, completely out of ammo and the only ones left alive, while The
Steve leaned back in his chair, letting his knees knock against Tony’s underneath the table. The touch sent a rush of heat straight down his spine, and he was pleased when his date didn’t move away. “Well, my friends back home were all in my unit in the army. When I moved here, I met Clint and Natasha. A former circus performer and a ballerina, if you can believe it. Sam is a vet as well, he runs a few groups at the VA. And Thor-”
Tony nodded again, then flopped back down onto the couch and watched Steve and his friends walk out the door. When the lock clicked, Sam and Bruce stood in the living room awkwardly while Tony pouted.
It didn’t take long for Steve to surmise that Tony was a certified genius, and a handsome one at that. He might be thin under the baggy clothes, but his caramel brown eyes were warm, crinkling on the sides when he smiled. Steve found that he couldn’t help grinning back when Tony smiled at him, suddenly wanting to keep it there for as long as possible.
Thank you to EVERYONE who has commented/given kudos to this story. I know I've said it before, but I'll say it again. I really appreciate everything, and it gives me the encouragement to keep writing :)
“So what did you do before you started art school?” he asked, breaking Steve out of his open admiration.
Roger nodded, stepping back to give Tony the space he asked for. “Clint will escort you back to your room.” The corners of his lips ticked up into a smug smirk that Tony wanted to slap off. The arrogant bastard.
She instantly jumped to her feet and reached out to jerk Bruce up to his feet, causing the rest of the Avengers to lean back at the aggressiveness. “Everything went fine. I grabbed the cash and a stack of paperwork like you asked. I’ll be headed to count it after our debriefing.” She took a deep breath to steady herself, and Bucky straightened in his chair on Steve’s right. “But when I started uploading the information from Zemo’s computer to Bruce, he found something.”
Steve’s lips tilted upwards and he shrugged, “It might have had something to do with the breakfast too. I find that my temper is about a mile shorter if I skip out on food in the morning.”
.” The sudden venom in his voice caused Tony to swallow thickly. But just as suddenly as it arrived, the harshness was gone, leaving behind the icy threat. “We’ve had our lawyers be sure to include clauses that require you to keep our current military contracts, and submit new specs and inventions every quarter. It’s a
“Steve…” Tony choked, suddenly wanting nothing more than his boyfriend. He just wanted to go back to when they were in bed together earlier that morning when they were quiet, and happy, and safe.
“Hmm.” Tony narrowed his eyes and raised his chin slightly. “Rogers, I’m serious. You want me to accept a year-long declaration, I have the right to know what’s waiting for me, don’t I?”
Steve didn’t hesitate to step into his space and wrap his arms around Tony, kissing his hair gratefully. “Thank you, sweetheart. When I get back, we’ll talk, okay? I promise.”
Steve had to take a few deep breaths to keep from screaming out his fury. It was Stane, just as he’d suspected. Bucky came back down the steps, a solemn expression on his face, and Steve knew exactly what words were about to come out of his mouth.
He took a deep breath and fingered at his own wrist, activating the device that was hidden beneath his cheap suit and angled it downwards . Tony had two good blasts in him, and he needed to make them count. Stane had chosen his first torture device and approached him with a feral grin. Tony snarled, “Get the fuck away from me!”
Bruce touched his glasses anxiously and shook his head. “Not at the moment, no. But I’m sure Steve will be able to explain when he gets home.”
“I kind of get the feeling that’s not just you bragging.” Steve huffed. “So, where am I taking you?”
He still couldn’t believe it himself. Tony ran a hand over the grin stretched across his face. “I have a
His (utterly hot) mountain of a boyfriend practically took up the entire couch when he laid out his arms along the back, so Tony made himself comfortable on the armrest in case Steve wanted to punch him after this.
Bucky squeezed his hand once to let him know he understood, and leaned back in the chair. “Now get on with it, Stark. This shit hurts.”
Thor’s booming laugh was surprising enough that Tony almost scrambled out of his seat. “The good doctor is right, Man of Iron. The Avengers are in good hands, you both have done a fine job looking out for them. It is time to retire.”
Steve nodded, confirming that Clint hadn’t left anything out of his initial report. “And you haven’t been following him after I ordered you stand down? You haven’t been watching him since we started dating?”
his parents wanted for him. Once his mother couldn’t parade Tony around as the perfect son and the perfect heir to Stark Industries, Maria started ignoring his presence altogether. He was eleven when his mother ceased to be anything but a roommate.
“I’ve asked everyone else to give you a wide berth for now, I didn’t want to overwhelm you. The Avengers are the only team members I allow to live here full time, but most of them are out on mission anyway. When you’re ready, I can begin introducing you.”
Surprise! A chapter a whole 3 days early. I'm happy to say I finally finished this story, the last Chapter (13) is just under revision, and I'll post as soon as its ready.
“Pet, when your entire life is based on taking everything with force, it’s hard to react in a different way. Especially if someone is taking away a pleasure you really desire. Don’t provoke me again.”
However, while the Avengers grew in name and recognition, Steve seemed to lose himself to the “Captain” again. He became more withdrawn, more focused on missions. Art school was put on the back burner, his passion for it dwindling with every passing week.
“Since you asked so nicely…” Bruce began with a rueful smile, getting comfortable in the other chair across the room. “I’m not exactly the most popular ex-government employee…”
Steve sighed, unhappy that he wasn’t able to keep this to himself for just a few more hours. “Fine, you vultures, yes. I have a date. No, I don’t want to talk about it, and no, Clint, you can’t stop watching him. Not yet, anyway.”
“What would you have us do? If they get caught by the authorities, they could give the police a description.” Natasha snapped back, her carefully composed temper waning. Steve narrowed his eyes. There had to be a lot more going on with Natasha than a simple matter of two immigrants. He assumed it had to do with their second problem, but he could only focus on one thing at a time.
“And then you came along.” Well, that answered that question. “All of a sudden, he was back to his old self, back to being
The older man didn’t reply, so Tony looked up to see Steve’s head tilted in thought, eyes brazenly raking across his ragged form. As he opened his mouth to say something,
“Yeah, yeah, Big Guy.” Clint quipped, waving a hand in their direction. “Now sit down, I want my new toy next!”
The corners of Tony’s lips twitched. “Yes, really. You and your team do really important work. You stop people that the police are either too ignorant to touch or are too corrupt to pursue. I wasn’t lying when I said I fell a little bit in love with you in New York. I love who you are. I love
Tony flashed a pleased grin in his direction and paced in front of the bay door of the warehouse, the warm spring night air doing little to calm his mounting nerves. He flipped through his list of supplies and materials the Avengers would need on their mission, the team calling out an affirmative to each question. They looked dangerous, sexy, and enigmatic in their new stealth suits, and he was sure that the moment their masks covered their faces the Avengers would have a whole new reputation. Onlookers would still be able to recognize the group due to Steve’s shield, practically a national icon identifying him as one of the most powerful mafia bosses in the country, but now it would be impossible for the police or any enemies to single any one of them out.
Pietro tensed, but Wanda laid a gentle hand on her brother’s arm. “This is the first time in our lives we are free,” She implored, her heavy accent breaking with emotion. “We just want to live our lives. It will be difficult, we know. But we won’t say anything about the Avengers, that we can promise. You saved us.”
“Tony,” Steve called gently, the mattress dipping next to him on the bed as he sat down and cradled the back of Tony’s neck with his hand. The touch calmed him immediately, but it didn’t stop the harsh breathing pattern that had started to act up. “They’re okay, I promise. Both were released from the hospital before we found you.” He helped Tony leaned back against the wall with a mountain of pillows, and offered him two pills and the water.
Bruce was anxiously pacing in front of the warehouse doors when Clint buzzed him on a private communication line.
The nurse slipped through the door, casting a fairly unimpressed look at Steve for his migration to the bed, but Tony just tightened his grip. There was no way in hell she was going to pry them apart. His boyfriend was the fucking
“Exactly. But during one of our missions, he caught up with us. Coulson was just doing his job and following protocol, but I was livid that Clint had let one of our plans leak.”
It was partly why Bucky brought up the idea of art school. Before the whole “Captain” persona came about, Steve was always passionate about art. Whenever he could get his hands on a piece of paper or a blank canvas, he never failed to transform it into a thing of beauty. After all of the shit they had gone through, they both deserved to take a step back from the harsh realities that had become their lives.
Tony looked a little put out as Rhodes and Steve helped him into the backseat next to Pepper. “What? It’s been over a week! That’s six days too long! I need me some lovin’, El Capitan.”
Thoughts? Feelings? I'd love to hear all of it! Seriously, thank you for reading and following this story. I hope you're enjoying it!
When they entered the living room, everyone was already there, and by the looks of it, they had not been expecting to see Tony with Steve. Five pizza boxes were strewn about, everyone pausing mid-bite to look at him with wide eyes.
Peter shrugged nonchalantly, but the red twinge of his cheeks gave him away. “It’s no problem, Mr. Stark. Your Advanced Robotics class is my favorite, and you’ve really done a lot to help me learn this year with all of the extra tutoring.”
Tony hadn’t ever contemplated suicide before, no matter how low he got. It didn’t matter how hard his father hit him, or how hungry and tired and skinny he got from not being able to pay for food. He always wanted to change the world, and he couldn’t do that if he wasn’t a part of it.
They could hear him grit his teeth together on the other side of the comm unit. “Uh, funny story about that...Hawkeye, why don’t you tell him?”
The Winter Soldier glowered at him, blue eyes practically burning a hole straight through his mark. He flexed his metal arm, drawing attention to it. “We’re here to fulfill a promise.”
“I know, Buck.” Steve sighed, not knowing how to explain this to his friends. “Tony’s got plans for after he graduates. Big plans. He’s going to change the world, I know it. He doesn’t need to get caught up with the mafia on the way there. So no, I’m not going to recruit him, and I don’t want to hear about this again.”
So yes, Tony had wanted a life outside of this. Had wanted to change the world with clean energy. Had wanted a life with Steve.
“They operate out of two warehouses and a bar, all in different points of the city, here-” She pointed out the marked x’s on the map of Boston before continuing. “The offices they are using to handle the paperwork, track and store the finances, and complete arranged deals are in the building in West Roxbury. The victims are held in the warehouse to the north in Back Bay. The keys to all of the cells within are held by Zemo’s main players, who frequent the bar to the east in Clay Point. The back of the establishment is used as a type of command center of sorts, and our sources on the ground tell us there will be a meeting there tonight. We weren’t able to get eyes on the inside, but something shady is definitely going down there.”
them to come after me. If I hadn’t designed those weapons in the first place, none of this would have ever happened.”
And that's all, folks! Thanks again for reading, and I just want to give a S/O to everyone who has been following this story since the beginning. I hope you enjoyed it.
Tony shrugged in acceptance and hopped out of the truck once Thor put it in park. He shouldered his backpack, and frowned at Thor when he turned off the ignition and got out as well. “Where are
The archer drew back two of his arrows, let out a silent breath, and let them fly. Seconds later, the guards dropped heavily to the cobbled street, arrows embedded between their eyes. Sam walked straight past them, opening up the side door just in time for Clint to swoop in next to him. They stuck close together in the darkened corridor, weapons drawn. A door sat at the end of it, and with a slight tug Sam confirmed it was locked. The archer grasped the handheld device Tony gave them before their mission and deposited above the handle. Within seconds, it gave a slight beep and the lock clicked open.
They stared at each other for a few long moments, and Tony narrowed his eyes to prove that he wasn’t backing down from this argument. “We are
Steve remembered how Tony had flinched yesterday at the coffee shop when his hand got too close to his face. A flash of white hot fury hit him at the thought of anyone hurting this man.
After his short-lived fight with Steve, the four of them spent a few hours drawing up a list of who could possibly want their hands on Tony Stark. The shitty thing was that the list was very,
Happy Monday :) I hope you all had a wonderful week, and if you're in the South like me, I hope you're surviving this heat!
Monocle Man and his superiors stayed in the room with Tony, shouting at their soldiers to find out what the hell was happening. He spun around towards Tony with pure disdain. “Is this your doing?”
, as if he were some kind of child. Tony had been resentful and spiteful, and people always seemed to forget that he was a genius, so they left their guard down. He was able to convince Sam and Bruce to let him spend the day in the lab, and on the way, Hydra had T-boned their car.
“Since when do you need to know where I’m spending my time, Buck?” Steve asked, suddenly annoyed, and pushed past him into the living room. He didn’t keep second-by-second tabs on his friends and soldiers, and he expected them to give them the same courtesy.
Tony’s godfather was sputtering in disbelief in the chokehold Bucky had him in, maniacal laughter escaping his throat. “How could I have
happens. I can’t just get over that!” He didn’t realize just how fucking furious he was about the situation until he started getting into it. No, he wouldn’t be “moving past this” anytime soon.
OH, p.s., I know some of you are hoping that this story doesn't end the same as the movie. Let me just remind you that Tony and Laura are different people.
He was silent, presumably looking over the material he found. “There’s a file, too big to be a simple-” Bruce swore loudly in her ear, and she had to keep focused on the road as to not wrench the wheel to the side in surprise. He
She hesitated on the other line, and Tony could imagine her lips stretched into a thin line. “Is this going to make you happy? Because you know that’s all I want.”
“You’ll change your mind.” The mob boss told him matter-of-factly, no hint of doubt in his ringing voice. “You just need to help me a little bit.”
By the time Steve and Bucky pulled up to the curb near the engineering building with a piercing screech, they could see a huddle of people formed right along the steps. The two Avengers grimaced to each other, knowing that whatever had drawn a crowd couldn’t be good news. Steve’s footsteps pounded against the pavement, and the students parted for them quickly with wide, nervous eyes.
The coffee had thankfully gotten him through class, allowing him to actually explain to his students why their work was shit, rather than just leaving them to figure it out for themselves. He checked his watch as they started packing up to leave, counting down the hours until his paycheck would hit his account.
Pepper finally arrived, decked out in sweatpants, a hoodie, and the goofy long Star Wars socks Tony had gotten her for Christmas, with the ice cream in tow. She pulled out two spoons and knocked their shoulders together on the bed. “Okay, tell me everything. I don’t want any detail left out.”
He nodded, working himself up to it. “Right, okay. So when you got here, you, uh, you called me something. Mr., uh, Carbonell.”
Tony pushed his strange encounter with ‘ex-army Steve’ out of his mind, convincing himself that he wouldn’t see him again. Why would he? It was a chance meeting. And Steve was...Steve was gorgeous. Everything he could ever want in a guy. But what would he see in Tony? Some dirt poor doctoral student who didn’t have anything lined up after graduation? Of course not. Plus, someone as gorgeous as Steve probably already had a boyfriend. Or girlfriend, Tony muttered to himself. He had no evidence that Steve even liked guys, it wasn’t polite to assume.
All of a sudden, Stane’s scowl curled upwards into a smirk, and it sent chills down his spine. “Ah, right,
Steve didn’t bother to let him spit out a response before swinging the pipe around and cracking it against Zemo’s head. He crumpled to the ground, completely unconscious. Bucky bent down to ensure there was a pulse, and huffed when he found it. “Damn, Stevie. I was kinda hopin’ you killed him.”
Both Avengers nodded, “Back when I first met him, he was cool, you know? Not so easy going, but pretty laid back once you maneuvered your way around his walls. Bucky mentioned that he left a lot of his tension behind in New York. I didn’t realize just how much until we started up on missions.”
His statement was so absolute, so devoid of hesitation that Tony suddenly had to fight off a swell of hot tears. His chest fluttered with gratitude, and he was pleased when there wasn’t a twinge of pain at the warm intrusion. No one had
When he complied, Steve gave him a little smile that Tony didn’t reciprocate, then a swift kiss on the cheek. He then took his hand and led him out of the apartment, watching carefully as Tony locked up, then ushered him into the truck. The air between them was taunt and sharp, such a monumental contrast from how it had been last night. Neither of them spoke, and Tony crossed his arms protectively over his chest and leaned against the window. He had no fucking clue what had gotten into Steve, but he didn’t like it. This version of his boyfriend was...cold. Commanding. Tony wasn’t insecure enough to think that Steve’s feelings for him had changed, but he began to suspect that he didn’t quite know everything there was to know about Steve Rogers.
.” He argued, wheezing through his teeth. “M’fine.” The one time Tony had ever sought out pain medicine by his own volition, Howard had shoved him down the remaining stairs and cursed him for being so
The Avengers seemed to have sensed his hesitance, because they all turned their eyes to Tony. The young genius looked up to see everyone looking at him, and didn’t hesitate to flash a handsome smile at Steve. “Well, it's a good thing that I just finished with everyone’s new gear.”
Bucky drew up to his full height and scowled at the hovering students. “Alright munchkins, scatter. We’ve got this handled.”
So, here he was, counting down the minutes until he could afford to buy groceries while he stepped onto the bus. Now that the caffeine from earlier that morning was no longer in his system, the migraine inched its way back between his temples. Tony leaned his head back against the cool window as the bus filled up around him. He didn’t live too far off campus, but it was a long enough trip for him to get in a quick power nap.
When Steve stepped forward into the flickering spotlight, he watched the outraged surprise twist across Zemo’s face.
Steve wasn’t really surprised that Tony knew his way around a car. With how much information was probably running through his brain, Tony probably could tear the entire truck apart and put it back together so that it ran ten times better than it originally did. “Good eye, 450 horsepower. My friends and I hunt as often as we can, so it comes in handy.” When he settled into his own seat, he asked, “If you could drive any car, what would you choose?”
He took them without complaint, relaxing when the water felt cool against his throat. “Thank god. Can I see them?”
Tony looked over his shoulder at Clint for an explanation, who was checking over his work. “You’d be surprised at the kind of contacts we have, kid. Nat brought the information to Cap, and we spent two months trying to track Banner down.”
“Nu uh!” Tony protested, desperately trying to ignore the sinking guilt in his stomach. “It wasn’t technically a lie when I told him my last name was Carbonell. That was my mother’s name. The only time I used ‘Stark’ is when I enrolled into the University.”
The undeniable resolve in his voice calmed Tony enough to quiet his wandering mind. As he’s been working on his final project and the weapons for the Avengers these past few weeks, memories of the car crash and what transpired at the Hydra base haunted him. It’s helped being surrounded by so many people hell bent on keeping him safe, but nothing can really protect him from the nightmares. He knows that this battle between him and SI isn’t over, and the knowledge that someone could come after him again at any time has Tony on edge.
designs. SI’s being watched, which is why they grabbed me in the first place.” His breathing picked up, coming out in harsh, painful pants. “Someone told Hydra that I was the source. Someone at my company
Tony frowned, looking between them. “Pep, you can’t just go around claiming that title. Now I’m going to have to hear an earful from Rhodey.”
. It just wasn’t feasible, and there was no telling what might happen if they ever followed through with that.” He shook his head in disgust. “When I confronted the General about it, I was basically told to keep my mouth shut, and continue with my work. Even moved up the timeline on human experimentation.”
“Nat-” Bruce interjected, his deep voice laced with panic. She furrowed her brow, pulling the flash drive out of the port and bustling out the door towards the van.
The collapse of Hydra solidified the Captain and his Howling Commandos’ place in the mafia hierarchy. Nobody fucked with his people or his territory and got away with it.
“Ah, sorry. Just the coffee then.” He dropped the coins onto the counter, each one ringing too loud between his ears.
Tony jerked when one of the voices called out right next to his ear, the movement causing bursts of pain to flash behind his eyelids. “It’s time to wake up, Mr. Stark.”
Tony scoffed, “Yeah right. If you would have known I was a Stark, you wouldn’t have come within fifty feet of me.”
“Who is Obadiah Stane?” Wanda asked, squinting up at the screen and looking around at the obviously tense Avengers, but everything was too far away for Steve to really register the question.
Once the rest of him was finally clean, Steve tipped Tony’s chip upwards, running his fingers through the damp black curls. He massaged the shampoo into his scalp delicately, letting his hands wander down his neck to play with the smaller, finer hairs. After a few minutes of attention, Steve finally rinsed out the shampoo, leaving him finally clean.
The man with mocha colored skin clicked off the television and turned to face them with his hands on his hips. They were all silent as they watched Steve and Tony, and Tony had to force down the desire to hide behind his mountain of a boyfriend.
Bucky nodded, twisting out his metal arm to work out an uncomfortable kink. “I’ll have Nat reach out to Tony’s friends, then get Thor and Clint to help out with the move.” Their boisterous blonde friend had returned from Norway after hearing about the attack, eager to lend his aid. “Anything else?”
That finally broke the tension, and Bucky slapped a hand across his shoulder. “If he’s important to you, then he’s important to us. We’ve got this, Stevie.”
, but if Bucky was honest with himself, he missed the life too. They did damn good work in New York, and saved hundreds of lives in the process. Boston was slower, but no less important. So when Steve brought Sam home one day, he didn’t hesitate to welcome him into their recently downsized family and ask what role he would be playing in their plan to take over Boston.
Tony didn’t know, though. He had his own experiences with unhealthy coping, sure, like spending ridiculously long hours in the lab and refusing to answer his friends’ phone calls after a particularly rough fight with his dad. That kind of stuff. But the Steve Tony knew wasn’t like what Sam was describing at all. His Steve was sweet, attentive, outgoing, and even
Stane’s eyes widened in bewildered fear before Tony’s words sunk in, and his lips twitched upwards into harsh laugh. “
Neither of them said anything further as Steve helped him into the tub, careful not to jostle Tony’s injuries. The younger man hissed when he hit the water, but kept quiet until the pain seeped away. Steve wet the washcloth and added the antibacterial soap recommended by Nurse Darcy, and began applying it to Tony’s body, starting at his hands, moving upwards in easy, lethargic, gradual movements to his arms and shoulders.
Tony stood up abruptly, suddenly needing space between him and the mob boss. “I-I’m tired,” he announced, hating the fact that Rogers could see his flushed face and rising chest. It was no secret that he wasn’t unaffected by the man’s nearness. “I want to go to sleep.”
“I...literally have no idea what to say to that, Thor buddy.” Tony blinked, sluggish and intrigued all at once. “I’m glad your brother isn’t on acid anymore, but shouldn’t you be home? I’m safe now, and it sounds like you’ve got a lot of shit to deal with.”
“Your idiot of a father was going to change his will, leaving everything to you, even after cutting you off.” His godfather explained, his voice an icy rumble. “After your little tantrum, and the rather
Tony slammed the door behind him and closed his eyes, resting his back against the thick wood. He could breathe again, thank god. Having Rogers so close made everything more difficult, especially when he wasn’t sure how to feel about the mob boss. There was no denying his attraction. Roger was beyond words, from his cerulean blue eyes and chiseled jaw to his tattooed chest.
Tony was struggling. It hurt to breathe, it hurt to move, and it was getting harder and harder to stay awake. But the bomb was ready. Tony did what upper-society taught him to do, emotionally manipulate the people around you into giving you attention. By the time he described the weapon to Monocle Man, the german scientist was frothing at the mouth, demanding his soldiers left and right to contact their superiors for a live demonstration. Tony was meant to describe the bomb in acute detail, explaining why his design was far better than anything SI could ever hope to build.
“Steve-” Bruce tried interrupting, but the man in question shook his head. Bucky could tell that all Steve wanted to do was get through this as quickly as possible. It had been a long ass night for all of them, and it would be a while before anyone could get some sleep.
His boyfriend was quiet for a few minutes, and before Tony could open his mouth again to tell Steve to forget it, he sighed. “Coulson is helping us investigate, but it’s slow going. There are only a handful of people who even knew of your kind of talent, sweetheart, and they’re all at the heart of the company. They’re pretty much untouchable for people working inside the law.”
from your body. I’ll make sure your eyes are open so you know exactly what fate you’ve brought upon yourself.” A harsh chuckle escaped Steve’s throat, and he made sure Zemo could see the wild look in his eye. “I don’t give a damn what happens to me. So if I go down for putting your ass in the ground, so be it. So stay away from the dames, or we’ll be back.”
His best friend just shrugged and offered the kids his hands. “I think we need to get these two some food, a shower, and new clothes. What do you say?”
, Steve. You’re perfect. You’re a good man. You take care of me. You don’t care about my shitty family and my crappy past, and you don’t mind that I’m dirt poor and have been in school for like, five and a half years now and -”
I've decided on a weekly update schedule. I'll try to have each chapter out on Mondays. Also, I'm sure you're expecting it, but it starts getting steamy in this chapter. Lots of sex to come in this fic.  (hehe.)
He huffed and rolled his eyes, smirking at Thor when he chuckled. “Fine, but not a minute later, okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, I guess you’re-” Tony paused when Thor’s eyes flickered behind him, and whatever he saw caused all of the blood to drain from his face. Thor’s hand reached out quickly to grab onto the front of his jacket, but before he could, someone else’s clapped him on the shoulder.
“There can’t be very many people who know that particular detail about him.” Bucky guessed, fist clenched in realization. “Someone who he trusts. I’ll look into it, Stevie.”
“Brucie-bear, tell me how you ended up with this rag-tag group of misfits to keep me from elbowing Clint in the crotch.”
Like it or not, this was the hand Rogers dealt him, and this time Tony could only rely on himself to overcome the odds.
“Really?” Bruce asked, stepping through the steel doors. “I thought Tony was smart. Do you not think he would make a good addition to the team?”
“No.” He replied automatically, pushing off from the couch to pace. “His parents kicked him out. They don’t have any right to come here.”
“Stevie?” Bucky called, interrupting his inappropriately timed daydream. Steve’s fingers twitched with the instinctual desire to pick up his pencil and sketchbook and trace the lines of the man’s face, which he forced down, along with his interested half hard-on. “What are you looking at?”
Bucky ran his metal hand over his face and headed back towards the doors. “It can’t be that bad, right? They didn’t say anyone was hurt.”
“Seven. Yes. That, uh, yes. Seven sounds great.” Tony stuttered, lips twitching upwards uncontrollably. It was adorable. He stepped out and grabbed his groceries from the back seat.
Regardless of that trust, as soon as Tony had JARVIS in his hands, he would feel about a thousand times safer. He would finally know where exactly he was, and his AI’s primary protocol was his safety, so if Tony was actually ever in any real danger, JARVIS would do everything in his power to protect him.
Tony swallowed, despite the difficulty from the immense pressure on the back of his neck, and licked his lips. The smirk returned, and Tony couldn’t help the huff of laughter that escaped him.
Tony’s next breath came out shaky and stilted, but the fond smile was still tapered across his face. “I guess we’re moving forward, huh?”
, Stark. Of Stark Industries. Your father cut you off a few years ago because you didn’t want to come work for the family business…” His crystal blue eyes snapped up to Tony’s. “Because you didn’t want to make weapons.”
Tony gave her his best Stark grin and shook his head. “I am officially all healed up, Steve made me go to the doctor today to confirm it.”
“Stop fawning over my boyfriend.” He chastised, but his smile hadn’t diminished. “Besides, I need your full head in the game so we can talk about tonight.”
When he spoke, Steve was surprised at how even his voice sounded. At least now he would finally have an outlet for his unrelenting anger. “What else do we have?”
He didn’t bother giving a response, choosing instead to turn on his heel and head back up the steps of the deck. Tony heard Clint on his heels, though the blonde didn’t say anything until they reached the top of the spiral staircase.
Just as the barista opened her mouth to tell him off, a deep voice sounded behind him. “Get him the large with two shots of espresso.”
Steve took advantage, pressing himself as close to Tony as space would allow and raking his nails along the back of his jacket. Tony moaned, a guttural sound that sent Steve reeling. Possessiveness blossomed deep within his chest, eliciting a growl of pleasure. He probed Tony’s lips with his tongue, licking his way inside when they opened beautifully for him.
“Why do I…” Stane looked at Tony like he was an idiot. “Did you just fucking forget everything that happened before Howard cut the damn cord?”
He led him to the bathroom so he could take a look in the mirror, and Tony blinked in surprise. He looked at least a few years older, and sharper than he had in a long time, if you overlooked his injuries. “I wasn’t sure about his offer at first, not until the first agent came sniffing around.”
The chef scooped out a portion of the Saltimbocca di Pollo alla Romana onto Tony’s waiting plate, then stepped back to give him some space. Tony kept his eyes on Rogers as he tried the pasta and chicken, humming when the spices danced along his tongue.
“You are not fine,” Steve insisted, cutting off any of Tony’s further protests. “You’re hurting, love.”
threats? Do you know the kind of lawyers my family has, Point-Break? They were serious, I’m...I’m…” He sucked in a haggard breath, and his knees gave out on him, but luckily Thor was right there to hoist him back onto his shaky feet. “I’m trapped. There’s no getting out of this…”
Finally, he looked up through his long lashes to see the hunger he had grown familiar with.Yes. That's what he’d been waiting for. Tony brought himself to his toes and leaned so that their faces were inches apart, sweet breath intermingling with each pant. “Or else this will be the last time you see it.”
Happy Monday y'all! I know you were hoping Tony would meet back up with Steve and Bucky last week, so I hope this chapter makes up for it.
Tony didn’t even try to stop the pleased smile that played at his lips, though he did turn in the passenger seat so that Thor couldn’t see him. “Thanks, Steve. I feel prepared.” He squirmed a little bit. “Did everything go okay last night? Thor said it did, but I’m still worried.”
So when he came face to face with Johann Schmidt, who operated under the name Red Skull, Steve didn’t hesitate to make the nickname a little more accurate. While the killing had been messy, merciless, and downright barbaric, Steve didn’t so much as flinch as he stared down at the man who had murdered hundreds of people, destroyed even more lives, and took his best friend’s arm. The world was a safer place without someone like Johann Schmidt running around.
He was in his black stealth suit, the thick material stretching over his rippling muscles, and his cowl, leaving only his lips and cerulean blue eyes exposed. The red, white, and blue shield shone as a beacon through the smoke as it dissipated, and Steve only had eyes for Tony while Bucky rushed to secure Stane and Sam guarded the door.
Bucky narrowed his eyes at Tony, and Steve braced himself for a shouting match between the two most important people in his life. “
Tony shrugged, looking between the two. “There was nothing you could have done, and the only thing to do now is move on. You know how I’m going to do that, don’t you?”
” He implored, and Steve knew what he was trying to say. Sam and Bruce were family too, and he needed to remember that they didn’t set out to hurt Tony. He needed to trust his friends, just like they trusted him.
Tony swallowed again and rubbed at his face with the palms of his hand. “Okay, it should only take about two hours. Tell him to meet me outside, okay?”
“Wait!” Tony croaked, then blinked in surprise that he was able to say anything at all. But all he could think about was how he had tried so
Bruce shook his head and gave him a nervous smile. “Nope, it could be a few hours, I’m sorry. They usually spend the entire day at the warehouse.”
Steve frowned, still trying to figure out the answer to that question. What did he see in Tony to think he could be part of the Avengers? And maybe it wasn’t even that, maybe Steve just wanted to be closer to him. The kid was brilliant, that was obvious. Other than that, Steve didn’t know much about him. Hopefully something would come of the intel Clint would be gathering.
Howard stepped in closer, and although Tony couldn’t smell any alcohol on his breath, the memory of this exact position so many times before, always resulting in a fresh scar somewhere hidden on his body, made his gut churn in disgust. “You hear that? So as soon as you get that degree in your hand, it’s better to just come on home and get back to work. Your momma’s been worried sick about you, boy, and you haven’t even had the decency to pick up the phone to let her know you’re still in one piece. She’s in the car, waiting for me to bring her back news.” Howard scoffed, “Wouldn’t shut up about leaving this to me to handle. Both her and Obie fuckin’ insisted that she come to talk some sense into you, boy. The second you get your papers, you meet us down at the Four Seasons, you hear?”
And then the hospital called Steve, who was the emergency contact for both Sam and Bruce. There had been an accident. Which didn’t make any sense, of course, because they shouldn’t have left the goddamn house in the first place. But they would have to wait to get their answers because two of their team members were stuck in the ICU.
“Have fun at school, darling. Paint something pretty for me.” Tony winked and blew him a kiss, laughing loudly when Steve rolled his eyes before finally leaving.
Tony wasn’t sure what he was expecting as he was forced to try out different outfits. Maybe Rogers would have him spin around slowly on the circular platform, those cerulean blue eyes hungrily undressing him in the way Tony was steadily becoming familiar with. Maybe he would have an opinion about each of the suits, dress shirts, blazers, slacks, and shoes the sales associates brought over. Maybe he would order Clint to take photos of Tony in his favorite outfits for later sketches.
Unfortunately, before he could attempt it, the door opened again to reveal Natasha and Sam, the latter a little bruised up himself with a bandage above his right eyebrow.
The man in question stopped at a red light and turned around to face him, his eyes shining with fierce determination. “Show me what you’ve got, sweetheart.”
Bruce pushed his way through them and pulled out a small flashlight to check Steve’s eyes, worried that he might have hit his head during the raid against Zemo. He waved the scientist away and straightened with a harsh breath. “Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane were on MIT’s campus. Thor said that Tony’s okay, that he’s inside the Engineering building right now. I
Steve stepped closer, bringing his hands out of his pockets and reaching for a box of Fruity Pebbles. “One of my favorite midnight snacks. Don’t tell anyone.” He gave him a shit eating grin, but Tony’s eyes zeroed in on his hand.
slowly seeping out of him like a deflating balloon. The cold hardness in his eyes was replaced by the familiar soft cerulean, so full of love, affection, and guilt that Tony was momentarily floored.
forgive his parents for the way they treated him, for the decisions they made that cost the lives of so many innocent people. He shook off that line of thinking and struggled to push himself up, waving away Bucky’s hand.
. He gave an awkward chuckle, placing the box into his overflowing basket. “Yeah, funny. It’s uh, good to see you again."
Tony’s gaze snapped to his, and his lips twitched upwards into a bright, pleased smile. “I love you too, Steve.” Then his eyes narrowed in challenge. “Now are you going to fuck me, or what,
being intimate with Steve again. His boyfriend had been so goddamn careful with him these past couple weeks, refusing to touch him until he was healthy again.
Revenge missions always tasted a little sweeter than the normal rings he was used to bringing down. Zemo had been warned, and he went on and did everything wrong anyway. Steve wanted to know if his target would be surprised to see him and Bucky, or if he was prepared to face death. Either way, he would know in about two minutes.
“When you address me in public, You’ll need to use the title of ‘Captain,’ or perhaps ‘Cap,’ as Peter and Clint seem to enjoy. You cannot, under any circumstances, use my name.”
Steve reached over to kiss his cheek, nodding his thanks to Bucky who left the room with an exasperated huff. “I know, sweetheart. But you need to get cleaned up before I tie you to that bed and never let you go, right? This also gives me an excuse to get my hands on you.”
Tony stirred awake, unbothered by nightmares and flashbacks for the first time in a week. As he examined the unfamiliar plain walls with a frown, he remembered that he was at Steve’s place. And thinking about Steve led to him remembering every goddamn second about the night before.
“What did you find?” She demanded, heartbeat ticking up a few notches for the first time all evening.
“...yes.” He threw his arm over his eyes to block out the overhead light and his reflection above. “Please, Pep. I need to do this.”
It didn’t take long for darkness to overtake him again, but this time it was with a pleased smile on his face.
Steve trusted her to get the job done in his absence, and she didn’t disappoint. Nobody even noticed his absence, which allowed him to build another team here in Boston without anyone becoming the wiser. The Avengers were still in their early stages, but all of the ground work had been laid. Bucky was adamant that Steve must be carrying around some kind of lucky talisman or something for him to bring five of the most talented, brilliant, and dangerous criminals with an unwavering sense of loyalty together, four hundred miles outside of New York.
Stane whirled around with a bit-off curse, reaching for the gun resting on the edge of the table, but Tony shot his last repulsor in the general direction, sending the table, the gun, and the medical bag sprawling onto the floor with a loud clatter.
Tony flashed him a cocky grin. “That’s because you’re almost as smart as me, and I want you on my side when you end up taking over the world.”
He blinked, not really expecting the older man to want to have a conversation with him. “Yeah, it did actually. My students thank you by the way. Apparently I was actually bearable since I had the right amount of caffeine in me.”
about jacking off, and they would make sure they interrupted me because they didn’t want me to risk ‘overdoing it.’ I’ve only been able to hide it from them a total of like, what, seven times? Seven times over the course of a few weeks is not enough, Pep. I’m dying here!”
He let out a self deprecating laugh and ran his free hand over his face. “It didn’t help that he caught me with a guy when he came here to try and talk some sense to me. He had suspected I was gay before that, but I guess it’s different when the evidence is right in front of your face.” A shiver ran down his spine as he fought to keep from touching the scars that Howard’s rings had left. “He basically told me that if I didn’t get my ass out of Boston and stop all of this shit, then I would never see another penny from him.”
be able to dictate his mind or his emotions again. Tony thought back to Bucky’s words, about not letting the bitterness, anger, and heartache in his past manipulate his future.
Clint buzzed in as well. “Coulson will drop an anonymous tip to have medics waiting at Beacon and Dartmouth. We’ll get them far enough then disappear.”
“I don’t actually think it matters,” The Soldier mused. “You won’t be around to remember the story anyway.”
.” Bucky whispered. “We’re living this life because we let ourselves be ruled by our hate and need for revenge. You’re better than that, Stark. You can be with us and still have a life outside of this.” He reached out to squeeze Tony’s shoulder. “You’re going to change the world, Stark, Lord knows Stevie told us enough times. Don’t let demons from your past destroy your future. Just...think about it.”
to do with SI,” Tony hissed, now actively trying to shake off his father’s hold. “I’m not going to be making weapons for you!”
“I’m fine.” He promised, and proceeded to slam the door in Bucky’s face. Tony resisted the urge to groan as he relieved himself. He was still in pain, but it was manageable. He wasn’t about to complain though, and have Steve running back and try to usher him back into bed.
hungry for him, Steve would simply extract himself from Tony’s grip and tuck him into bed with a gentle kiss. The leader of the Avengers understood Tony in a way no one else did, and despite how they might have met or any other extenuating circumstances, he would always,
Natasha spoke up first. “Ready for your signal. Should be in and out within twenty minutes once we get this party started.”
“I’m confused, why are you having Clint stalk your date?” Bruce asked, offering his grapes to the rest of the team. Bucky and Natasha each grabbed a vine for themselves.
Steve cracked his neck, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, and let The Captain take over. It was a smooth transition, one that his body and mind had fully come to accept. The only person who had a chance at breaking him apart was Tony, and he was blissfully asleep, thankfully resting before his presentation in the morning. So Steve was just left with the Captain, who was out for blood, and refused to be denied.
“Then don’t play the idiot, Stark. You know that the Commandos are the ones who put SI under investigation three years ago. I put in the work, kept the feds off my back as much as possible. But thanks to the fuckin’ Captain and his cronies, we lost one of our biggest Clients.” He let out a cruel laugh that made Tony want to cringe backwards. “And when I try to pawn
Tony didn’t quite agree with him on that point. Sure, Rogers’ business was dangerous, but the reason why many corporations went under these days is because someone at the top didn’t pay enough attention to the details, leaving them vulnerable and weak until it was too late to save the company.
Steve paused before answering, trying to decipher what his gut instinct was telling him. Tony might be young, but seven years truly wasn’t that big of a difference. Considering his growing feelings were
Steve coughed, keeping as close to the truth as possible. That was the trick to lying. “I joined the army right after high school with my best friend Bucky. When we got back, we ran around, getting into trouble with our friends until I decided to move here.”
Stevie reached up and tore off his cowl, causing everyone’s eyes to widen in blatant surprise. Bucky himself had drawn up, raising his hands outwards. “Uh, Cap, what the hell are you doing?”
Tony watched the other three men get out of the car and mentally prepared himself. There had to be someone, somewhere around here that could help him, he just needed to be patient and wait for his chance. In the meantime, he could shop. Tony wasn’t a stranger to high society purchasing, and if there was a chance to lose Rogers some money, he would make sure to check the price tags for the most expensive items.
Tony squirmed in bed so that his back was resting against the wall and took the offered hand. “Don’t believe everything you hear.” Tony shot him a quick wink before furrowing his brow and turning to Bucky. “And Barnes, don’t you know that it’s impolite to watch people sleep? Creepy might actually be the word I’m looking for.”
Stane snorted, a disgusting, demeaning sound. “I don’t give a fuck what happens to your kidneys, Stark. If I had it my way, you’d already be dead.”
Tony grinned at his PA in the mirror, securing his “A” styled cufflinks and straightening his red and gold tie. The perfectly tailored suit that hugged his body was the most expensive thing he’d worn in almost four years.
Without a solid plan in mind, Tony pulled up Pepper’s number and hit dial. It only rang twice before he had to pull the phone away from his ear as his CEO screamed at him.
If Rogers really wasn’t a monster, and the kindness from earlier wasn’t a simple one-off, then Tony thought he just might be able to survive the next year. He felt resignation settle in. Tony was actually going to do this, wasn’t he?
was always at the forefront during Avengers missions and meetings, and Tony was more than a little interested in seeing Steve come in and out of it. His voice was deeper than normal, and something in his tone demanded obedience. The low timbre had a way of seeping into the fear receptors in your brain, causing the listener to be instantly on edge and alert. If Steve were to go in public, around people who didn’t know him, the aura he produced would send them reeling. He always tended to give off those ‘
As promised, I finished the chapter I was working on a little early, so I thought I'd post this next one to make up for the short Ch. 9.
They kept up a light banter as Bruce took off the gauze and cleaned his wounds, which weren’t as painful as the day before. When they had the clean bandages wrapped around, Tony swallowed the two pills offered and downed a glass of water. He wasn’t hungry again just yet, so he let Clint take a pair of scissors to his hair.
“I am.” And that was that, Tony somehow got the impression that the conversation was no longer open for further discussion. “Say, do you have a ride home?”
“Moving on,” Tony grinned and grabbed two batons and flipped them easily in his hand. “For the lovely Natasha, I have electroshock batons, which I have graciously named Black Widow’s Bite. They’ll be charged by and stored in the gauntlets on your new suit.”
Steve grimaced, scratching at the back of his neck sheepishly. “I-yes. I’m, I’m sorry. Your safety is important to me...I get a little carried away with it sometimes.”
The grey suit was laid out on the bed, and Tony deliberated for a few moments before deciding to shuck the jacket. He slipped on tailored slacks over a pair of black boxers, then shimmied into the white button up and grey matching vest. It had a lovely maroon pattern etched into the stitching, so he completed the ensemble with a maroon tie.
As if Tony was the last person who needed a lecture on how great JARVIS was, and how dangerous he would be in literally anyone else’s hands. However, Tony didn’t see another option. “I know, Pep. Don’t worry, okay? He’ll be in good hands.”
“Don’t even think about finishing that sentence.” Tony warned, his eye twitching in the process. “It wasn’t your fault. It was Hydra’s, and whoever told Hydra about me.”
Bucky watched Steve zero in on his boyfriend, wondering what was going through his mind right now. He had been by Steve’s side for almost
The guttural moan Steve let out had Tony trembling in his arms, hands clawing desperately at his back. When they reached the bed, Steve unlatched from Tony for only a few moments to reach up and pull Tony’s sweater off of him before moving to make quick work of his pants. Thankfully, Steve didn’t seem to be in any mood for a tease, because he stripped just as quickly. The moment skin met skin, they both hissed in heated pleasure.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I'd love to hear your thoughts! Kudos/Comments are always appreciated!
Not a soul spoke as they watched the man in front of them lose the fight against his injuries. After a few moments, one of the Hydra leaders turned on Monocle Man. “The Captain? He is here?”
Rogers’ eyes warmed instantly at the mention of the teenager. “Peter is not mine by blood. He is the youngest of the children who were raised here at the compound. His parents died while Avenging my father, and Peter and I both came to the conclusion that he should remain under my care.”
“And I’ll come by as often as I can.” Pepper added, tucking one of Tony’s longer curls back behind his ear. “Steve and his friends will take good care of you, but I’ll come by and we can have ice cream and dish about Justin Hammer and his third failed attempt at asking out Christine Everhart.”
He knew that Steve loved Tony, because he had told him so. But hearing it and seeing it for himself were two completely different things. A ghost of a smile tugged at Bucky’s lips at the thought of what the Captain was going to do to the people who dared to harm Tony Stark.
Happy Monday y'all! Sorry this update is a little later in the day than normal, my grandpa just got out of the hospital after being there for about a month, and I'm spending the mornings/afternoons taking care of him. Hoping to keep up these double updates though!
Instead of voicing his thoughts and sounding like a complete lunatic, Steve tightened his hold on Tony, providing some level of comfort. “I’m sorry, Tony. You seem to be doing pretty well for yourself, though. You are going to do amazing things one day.”
Bruce raised an eyebrow, clearly not impressed. “If you have a point, Tony, I suggest you get to it.”
Steve didn’t move for a long few seconds, and Tony could almost see the wheels turning in his head as he put all the pieces together. “You’re Anthony,
When his gaze landed back on Rogers’ thick and dripping member, fully hard now, the hairs on the back of his neck prickled, telling him that the mob boss was watching him with heated and dangerous eyes. “Do you want anything from me or are you just looking?”
Sam moved through the cover of night without a sound. As he approached the warehouse, two armed guards stood outside, looking perilously bored as they traded bits and pieces of conversation. Sam flashed a hand signal up in the air, and Clint gave a curt nod in understanding from atop the adjacent building.
Tony reached over and placed his hand near Steve’s face, pausing just before to silently ask for permission to touch. Steve nodded and leaned forward. Tony’s fingertips brushed against him before pushing his left eyebrow upwards. He chuckled under his breath, which had started to become uneven. “Just like that.”
Steve gently ran a hand through Tony’s freshly washed hair, still pressing his hand to his mouth. “I love you Tony. Come back to me. Please, sweetheart. I need you.”
. The iconic circular shield in his hand confirmed it. “How did you even find us?” The rest of the Avengers fanned out around Steve, and Tony did a double take as he recognized Bucky, Natasha, Clint, and Sam.
. All of his confusion and anger boiled down to a point, and he suddenly wasn’t worried about biding his time anymore. He pushed off from the couch, throwing his hands into the air. “What the
Clint and Natasha chose that moment to step into the room, shaking off their winter coats. “Since he started having me tail a grad student at MIT. I thought we weren’t supposed to make contact, Cap?”
His boyfriend collapsed into the seat behind him and cradled his face in his hands. “Tony, I can’t live with the idea that whoever was behind your kidnapping might strike again the moment I leave you alone. If something happens to you…”
Tony Stark has always been exceptionally bright. The completely functioning circuit board he built with his own two hands from an old computer his father threw out, along with the epoxy resin and bonded copper foil he nicked from an SI construction site during a routine visit, at only four years old was a testament to that. His intelligence in regards to machinery, mathematics, really
“We have no way of knowing what kind of treatment the victims are experiencing, Captain.” Bruce pointed out with a frown. “There needs to be ambulances and transportation to the hospital available once you free everyone.”
“Obviously,” Tony drawled with a pop of his eyebrow. Bucky huffed in annoyance and jerked his head to Tony and Steve’s bedroom. Obviously he wanted a little privacy.
that could give this powerful man an order. The sheer force of gratitude and love that came with that understanding sent him reeling, and Tony leaned forward to press his lips lightly against Steve’s. “Please.”
“The same goes for me. Finishing school is important to me, but I already have my two doctorates, and a last name that is going to get me more places than I deserve. You, though…” Tony reached up and cupped Steve’s face, tracing his jawline with his fingers. “You saved my life. I wouldn’t be here with you. You accepted me, and loved me when I was at my lowest. Your safety is my number one priority too. We’re in this together now, right?”
Tony didn’t say anything for a few long minutes, trying to wrap his mind around the truth now that it was finally laid out in front of him. “You saved me.” He decided that particular piece trumped everything else. “I don’t care about the rest of it.”
He was furiously out of his mind with worry, but a nagging voice in his head that sounded suspiciously like Tony reminded him that Tony had come a long way. He wasn’t in the dark about the Avengers, and he was perfectly capable of protecting himself. Sure, Stane might have him locked up somewhere, but Steve wouldn’t put it past his boyfriend to find his way out before his friends even got to him.
Tony startled at that, eyes going wide. “What? No!” he shook his head, “I’m not breaking up with you! But you might not want anything to do with me after I say what I have to...”
Also, I just wanted to say thank you SO MUCH to everyone who has given kudos, followed, or commented on this story. Seriously, it helps me keep writing and encourages me to finish this (which I will!)
“Hydra did what it needed to do. The Captain and his Howling Commandos might have stopped us before, but not even the Avengers are a match for us now. Cut off one head, and two more take its place!” The German man clutched at the railings on either side of Tony’s arms and leaned in close, practically hissing. “If you don’t build exactly what we require in the amount of time you are given, then I will set off the explosives we placed at the starting line of the Boston Marathon.”
Tony sucked in a breath, blatantly ignoring the surge of heat that hit him at the thought of Steve touching his stomach. What the fuck just happened? “How…” His gaze shifted unsteadily around the coffee shop, suddenly worried that this was all just some practical joke set up by his father and Obie to prove that Tony really couldn’t survive being cut off.
Pepper sunk down into the corner booth at a diner they both frequented, pulling him down beside her. “Tonight? What’s tonight?”
“They’re kids, Falcon.” Clint argued, careful to use their aliases in the field. “Even if they are, you really want to take that chance? What if something like this happens again?”
Each one of the Avengers groaned in unison, and Nat started pushing the archer out of the room a little harder than necessary. Tony waited behind with Steve once the debrief was over, buzzing with excitement over his first mission. “So, are you finally going to explain how the hell you know an F.B.I agent?”
“Yeah,” Clint agreed, grabbing a broom from the closet and sweeping up the loose hair on the ground. “You more than the rest of us, and that’s saying something.”
Tony couldn’t help but snort as he pushed off of the bed, slapping away their hands. “No, Underoos. I’m offering to let an undergrad help me with my doctoral busy work. I’m still your tutor, right? No better way to learn than starting on advanced material.”
He might have been Tony Carbonell for the past three years. He might have changed his name, lost his fortune, and kept away from the family business as if his life depended on it, but none of that changed the fact that he was a Stark at the very center of his core.
The man nodded, rubbing a hand at the nape of his neck. “Yeah, I just...feel bad, you know? Bruce and I were supposed to protect you.”
Steve nodded warily, automatically on guard with his back as straight as a board. He got like that sometimes, when the mood changed or when he felt like Tony might be in trouble. Steve would draw up to his full height, posing quite the intimidating figure that practically screamed ‘
“Well, I have a project I’m working on, Steve knows all about it. If I don’t finish, then I don’t pass the course, and I don’t get my doctorate. I was supposed to be in the lab all afternoon, but then he basically kidnapped me and is holding me for ransom here…”
Steve hummed, enjoying the sudden closeness. He kissed the top of Tony’s hair, tightening his grip on his date’s hand. “Don’t worry, I’d do the fighting for the both of us.”
Clint nodded. “Nat and I compiled a list of Zemo’s associates that we’ve seen go in and out of these three buildings over the last few days. The photos highlighted in blue are the security team, no surprise that they’re all over six foot three and almost three hundred pounds.” He huffed with a annoyed eye roll. “The ones in red we believe are part of his group of evil douchebags, and the people we couldn’t identify are highlighted in green.”
“I think you’re a lot smarter than people give you credit for,” Tony teased gently, but let an honest smile play across his lips.
His father simply regarded them with a cold, distant expression, but Obie had the good sense to smile and clap his hands together like it was a meeting of old friends to avoid any interested passerbys. “Tony, my boy! It’s good to see you on your feet, we heard about the terrible accident.”
Monocle Man leaned back, clapping his clammy hands together. “Now that we understand each other, I would ask that you enjoy the morphine while you can, Mr. Stark. Because tomorrow you’ll get started without the drugs clouding that brilliant mind of yours. I’m sure you’ll be able to handle the pain. After all, what’s one man’s pain to thousands more dead?”
. He probably also had a concussion from where his head slammed against Sam’s seat during the impact. The feet outside moved closer, and he was able to rasp out, “Help!
Just as he opened his mouth to argue the point, Rogers continued speaking. “I own a few companies,” he explained. “Hotels, clubs, restaurants. Think of it in terms of Carbonell Energy, as it’s similar to a corporation, and I’m the CEO. The whole is part of a bigger operation, but the details are useless...and dangerous.”
Bucky pulled the car into one of the shipping containers the Avengers had redesigned as personal garages to stow their vehicles, in case a drone or helicopter ever searched for them, and turned off the ignition. His best friend clapped a hand onto his shoulder as they stepped out into the warm spring night air with lips twitching upwards. “You know I’ll always have your back, right Stevie?”
Steve froze in his advance, eyes narrowing dangerously. That wasn’t possible. The Howling Commandos took out the last of Hydra back in New York. His gang had spent three years of their lives wiping out the rival gang, taking considerable losses in the process. It was what put them on the map, really. Hydra was basically a terrorist organization with how feared they were throughout the Boroughs, and when they went after Bucky in retaliation for their destroyed shipments, it became personal for Steve.
Tony tapped his fingers along the dash. “Probably an Audi, but nothing that’s currently on the market. I could make them better.”
I hope you've enjoyed it so far! I'd love to hear your thoughts. Kudos/Comments are my lifeblood. xoxo
“We need to make an example out of them.” Steve decided. “Whoever is digging them out of their grave needs to know that The Avengers will stop them. This is our territory now.”
Tony stood in front of the podium and tapped the microphone, the resounding echo confirming that it was on. His eyes flickered to the wall across from him, and Tony let the familiar painting of the Massachusetts Bay give him strength. He took a deep breath, winked at the love of his life, and addressed the reporters.
Five minutes later, Clint led his group, including Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, through the warehouse doors where Sam and the others waited. Everyone was in various states of dress, all looking as if someone had found a battered piece of cloth from a thrift store and threw it at their prisoners. Sam was holding a young boy’s hand, and Clint’s stomach flipped in disgust at the thought of why he was here.
Tony stepped forward in line, one step closer to his beloved holy grail. After a quick glance at his watch, he blinked, realizing that he was coming up on his seventy-two hour mark of being awake. The calculations for a potential final project displayed themselves within his mind like perfect lines of code, keeping his attention from settling on anything concrete around him. Tony’s brain stuttered like it always did when he went too long without sleep, and he muttered curses under his breath as he rubbed his temples. He needed coffee. He wasn’t sure he could keep himself from spontaneously combusting without it.
He eyed Bruce, who was typing away at his tablet. “Say, do you have any idea when they’re supposed to be back?” Tony asked innocently.
“Soldier.” He called, and Bucky tilted his head to acknowledge that he was listening. “How many men does it take to deliver a message?”
He glanced down at the clock and swore lightly. He began to stand, pulling Tony up with him. “I need to get you home before curfew,” he teased, “I don’t want Pepper to keep you from our next date.”
.” The annoyance lacing her tone snapped Tony’s eyes open, ready to snarl at the next person in line to hurry the fuck up, but he blinked in surprise to see the barista looking at
to a stop closer, it was revealed that the holes were steadily wider than a normal bullet, proving that Bucky had hit his mark perfectly each and every time.
“Widow, I want you on surveillance. Check every traffic camera and restaurant security from here to the University, whatever is available to find out the license plate on that truck. I need targets and I need them now.” He turned to look at the archer. “Clint, check the streets. Find a list of witnesses and see what you can get out of them.”
At the mention of his name, Thor pushed off from the wall, grinning widely, and held out a hand. “Anthony, it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I have heard much about you from my comrades.”
“They’re gone. There was a sign of a struggle outside of Tony’s meeting room. Air reeks of something sweet.”
expensive shampoo, which was a no-no. How the hell was he supposed to know? What the hell were they putting in the bottle, flecks of gold? She had kicked him out almost immediately, barely giving him any time to throw on a pair of jeans, much less a t-shirt. He had no doubt in his mind that the things she was shouting in Russian were very real, and very serious threats. So, he hauled his ass back home.
Tony took a deep breath, the truth sitting on the tip of his tongue. For some reason, he couldn’t bring himself to tell her what really happened. Not yet. “I’m really sorry. I just...needed some space.” Before he could help it, the words started pouring out without his permission. “And I think I need a little bit more, Pep. My stuff has been cleaned out of Ty’s apartment, and I’m going to do my own thing for a while, okay? I’m not shirking on any of my duties, don’t worry, I’ve found another lab to work from. But...I’m not coming back to Malibu for a while.”
Bucky grinned as he dumped himself into one of the conference rooms chairs, the wheels rolling him backwards a few inches. Back in the alley, Clint had introduced Wanda and Pietro to “The Captain” and “The Winter Soldier.” Judging by the horrified looks on their faces, the kids had heard of them. They had some sort of rapport with Clint, however, because they trusted him at face value when he said nobody was going to hurt them.
As always, any and all comments/kudos are really appreciated, and it gives me the encouragement to keep writing :) Thank you again, and I hoped you enjoyed this chapter now that Steve and Tony are finally together <3
“He’s way more exciting than you or Banner,” Natasha smirked, shooting a teasing wink at Bruce, who just rolled his eyes.
“You take the left, I’ll take the right. Meet out front in seven minutes.” Sam ordered, giving him a nod of good luck.
Silence stretched on between them, and Steve wasn’t sure what Bucky had hoped to accomplish. It wasn’t the first time Bucky had mentioned retiring, but anytime Steve offered him an out, his best friend would refuse, always reminding him that they would be together ‘till the end of the line.’
“I, uh, yeah,” He coughed, running a hand over his beanie. “I would, yeah, like that. A lot. Like a lot a lot.”
Tony placed both palms against the black tiles, letting the water slide down his back as he arched it. His ass was on display, making his exhibitionist side purr in pleasure. If Rogers thought he could get away with sliding into bed with Tony while he was sleeping, then he could also deal with Tony standing in front of him naked and wet and not be able to touch him.
“Well, you do have a tendency to overdo things…” She reasoned with a scrunched up nose. “Think of it like you were saving it all for tonight, or something like that. I’m sure it will be great.”
“Got it in one.” Tony breathed, happy to finally have it all out there. “I started at MIT when I was fifteen. Once I got my undergraduate degree, then my masters, my dad and Obie, Obadiah Stane, tried to get me to come back.” He swallowed past the lump in his throat that always appeared when he talked about this. “But I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to become the Merchant of Death. I had seen how many people were killed from my earlier designs, which were taken without my permission, by the way, and I didn’t want to add to the tally count.”
When Steve climbed the stairs to Tony’s apartment, he couldn’t say he was in the best mood. He was excited to see Tony again, that much was certain. But Clint reported that a redhead had entered the apartment last night, and he hasn’t seen her leave. Which meant that she was still there.
“Steve is a good man.” Bruce implored, helping him back onto the bed. Tony wasn’t about to admit it, but he was feeling pretty worn down again. “He takes care of his own, and he’s going to take care of you.”
“I need JARVIS.” It was true, even though he had his laptop and a shiny new workshop, Tony wasn’t going to be comfortable anywhere without his greatest creation. Plus, it gave him a layer of protection he didn’t currently have. No matter what Dr. Banner might have done to his phone and laptop, JARVIS could get around it. “Can you take the flashdrive with his code and box it up? I’ll have someone come and pick him up.”
Every Avenger in the conference room froze, including Steve. Everyone knew that Bucky didn’t allow anyone to touch his arm, and he was overly sensitive about discussing it. Having it brought up in the middle of a briefing by the son of the man who’s weapons had resulted in the arm in the first place had the entire team on edge.
Wow, the reaction to last week's chapter was incredible, thank you! It makes me feel a bit nervous for this one...I know y'all were looking forward to the reunion, but a bit more backstory from Bucky's POV was needed.
feeling. It tells me things about people. Kind of.” He frowned, unhappy with the inability to articulate. “It’s how I choose my teams. When I meet someone, I just
.” By the way he said it, plus the air quotes, Tony knew that the constant supervision was an order, rather than a simple request.
Tony blinked at the note. Oddly enough, the only thing going through his head was ‘holy fuck I got an autograph from Bruce Banner!’
“After the bar closes to pedestrians, the Winter Soldier and I will go in and take it. I’m not interested in prisoners, and I don’t care for pleas or explanations. I want Zemo and everyone who had their hand in this shit show dead.” He took a moment to sit back in his chair and flip the file closed with a heavy
“Alright, if you say so...I’ll have him ready. But I want you to call and tell me who and when will be picking him up, okay? I don’t want to take any chances, especially with Hammer sniffing around.”
“Don’t even try that with me, Tony. Seriously, are you okay? After your stormout, I was expecting a blowup of massive proportions. The dramatic exit was exciting and all, but you didn’t bother coming back to actually cut ties with the bastard! I thought you were going to kick him out, not leave a note and disappear!”
“I like her,” Steve told him honestly. As long as she wasn’t romantically interested in Tony, he liked the idea of Tony having such great friends.
“I’d fight to the last tooth and nail with her, but I have the feeling that I would have better luck just trying to climb down the fire escape.”
As the room exploded into arguments and protests, Tony’s mind was reeling. The Captain? If Hydra was so terrified of him, it must be the same man who led the Commandos in New York. He must have moved here to Boston and put together the Avengers. The pieces should have begun connecting right then in there, but Tony was in too much pain and frankly, too relieved that the Captain was here to save the day, to work out the puzzle.
Both Tony and Natasha did absolutely nothing to hide their snorts. Sam laughed good naturedly, then cocked his head, suddenly a little serious. “You should know somethin’ Tony.
Bucky smirked widely at him from the recliner, tipping his beer in Steve’s direction. “Tony all settled in?”
“Finally,” Obie-no, Stane, spat, his suit, now missing the jacket, rumpled with his white sleeves rolled up. A slight sheen of sweat peppered his forehead, and he looked to have been pacing before Tony woke up. “You took forever to wake up.”
.” He came harder than he had in months, chest heaving as he tried to suck in some of the humid air. Tony caught his breath after a few moments, smiling lazily as his muscles loosened up again. It only took him a few extra minutes to actually get cleaned up before stepped out and wrapping a towel around his waist.
“I never got to say goodbye to my father. There’s questions I would’ve asked him. I would’ve asked him how he felt about what his company did, if he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. Personally, I knew my father wasn’t the man everyone else remembered him as from the newsreels, but I have to believe that he couldn’t have known what his closest friend had done. During the war on Hydra here in New York years ago, I saw innocent young Americans threatened by the very weapons I created to defend and protect them. I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero-accountability, so I got out. I had my eyes opened, and I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries, and putting all resources from that division into the new branch of Clean Energy.”
Steve handed his best friend the binoculars wordlessly, waiting for him to zero in on the man who would be taking residence in his sexual fantasies for the foreseeable future. Bucky didn’t disappoint, chuckling lightly and raising his eyebrows in interest. “Oh Stevie, you’ve gotta be careful. Fellas like that are heaven for the eyes, and hell for the soul.”
Steve let out a thick, husky sigh as Tony pushed his khaki pants down to his knees, giving his boxer-clad erection more room to breathe. He pushed Tony’s clever hands away before they met their mark, and pinned them above his head with a little squeeze. Steve took a shaky breath and leaned down to capture Tony’s lips to slow down their movements. Tony’s tongue delved deep and sensual, taking everything Steve gave him, and he groaned into his mouth.
Turns out, Tony didn’t have to actually tell Steve anything. He must have been just as desperate as Tony, because the moment he walked in through the threshold after coming home from dinner, Steve had him pinned up against the door and was licking his way into Tony’s mouth.
Tony cringed at the use of his full name, but hung onto Pepper’s waist tighter, spinning her around in the way he knew she loved.
“Tony? Are you okay?” Steve swore under his breath and tilted his chin up. “Buck, hit the call button. He needs more morphine.”
It’s not like he’d never thought about it before, retiring. Finishing his art degree and working on actual projects and commissions. Maybe even opening a gallery one day to sell his paintings. Now that Tony was in his life, his fantasy life had expanded. Rather than sitting out by the Bay with a canvas and his supplies by himself, Steve pictured Tony beside him. They would be resting on a picnic blanket with a cooler full of white wine and sandwiches, taking a break from painting and whatever life-changing device Tony was sure to be working on. They would leave behind the gore and stress of the Avengers, the heartache and disappointment of SI. Steve and Tony would have nobody to look out for except each other, and they could spend their days making love, traveling the world, and maybe even look into starting a family one day.
“Oh fuck!” Tony cried out as he spilled his release onto his knuckles, biting his lip so hard that it bled. He fell back against the tile with a light thud, chest rising and falling rapidly from exertion while he dropped down from his high. Rogers still had his hands caged on either side of Tony’s head and was so close that his heat swirled around Tony, filling his senses.
Tony just scoffed fondly and held up a medium-sized metal package and placed it in front of Sam. “I got the idea for your new suit from an experimental design my father’s company tried out for the Air National Guard. He couldn’t ever get it to work, and freaked the fuck out when I tried getting my hands on it. It’s a jetpack along with a suit that has wings made out of carbon fiber. It made the rigidity flexibility ratio possible, and you’ll actually be able to fly with them on after a little practice.”
. If Steve thought this was important, then it was important. They stared each other down for a few more tense moments before Tony let out a breath and nodded warily.
“I think you’re turning into a sap, Barnes.” Tony joked, trying to lighten the mood. He carefully got to work on Bucky’s arm, loosening the screws to take a peek inside the plate.
. About thirty seconds after he woke up, catching his deep caramel brown eyes with Steve’s blue ones and letting him know that he would always have him, despite the “Captain” shaped elephant in the room, Tony practically sprung out of bed, hyperventilating and ranting about the bombs Hydra planted in Hopkinton, tearing through five stitches in the process.
Sometime during the drive over, he had completely shifted over into “The Captain” persona, and he wrenched out of Bucky’s touch, skin still crawling at the distance between him and Tony. The moment that Tony had mentioned the feeling of someone watching him, he knew something was wrong. Tony was a genius and surprisingly intuitive. If he didn’t feel safe for any reason whatsoever, then he wasn’t fucking safe. Steve ignored his right hand man for a moment and directed his attention at Clint. “Hawkeye, give me your report on when I asked you to observe Tony.”
His boyfriend drew up to his full height, hiked the bag up over his shoulder and advanced on Tony. Steve placed both hands on Tony’s shoulders and gripped them tight. “There’s a lot I need to explain to you, and I will, I promise. But right now, I need to get you back to my place where there are more people there that can protect you.”
“Steve, Steve, Steve, wake up! Wake up!” Tony burst, pushing up against his boyfriend’s arm where it was hanging off the side of the bed.
Thoughts? Feelings? I PROMISE that next week you'll get to see Tony interact with Steve and Bucky after so dang long.
The thought slipped away as the medicine did its job, and Tony curled more fully into Steve as his eyelids grew heavier from overwhelming relief.
The room was tensely quiet for a few moments before he felt a low rumbling coming from Steve’s chest. “Give him all of the morphine that he needs.” Steve ordered darkly, curling his hand around Tony’s. “Don’t worry about the insurance, I’ll handle any unsettled bills.”
“If it's not my fault,” Tony reasoned, “And it’s not their fault, then it sure as hell isn’t your fault.” He wiped at the unshed tears, bringing them closer to lightly kiss his temples. “All of this happened because someone at my company is double dealing. Someone there worked with Hydra, and it’s
Steve smirked and reached behind in the back to grab a stray towel and wipe the blood spatter off of his face. “I do, actually. Knowing Zemo is off the streets will help me sleep better.”
Tony shook off his exhaustion and stripped, stepping into the shower spray to get cleaned up before his venture out. As the water trickled over him, Tony’s thoughts wandered back to Steve. The memory of his enormity over Tony had him already half-hard. When he palmed himself, he hissed in pleasure, keeping the shower-head angled so that the constant cascade of water hit him just right. Tony swallowed hard thinking about Steve’s broad chest, and what it would feel like to have him pressed up against the lines of his back. He closed his eyes as he stroked himself, long, slow slides up and down. Tony’s back arched as his muscles tightened in anticipation.
Every eye warily turned to Bruce, who was looking a little green around the edges. He leaned down to his laptop, his fingers dancing across the keys, and brought up something on the screen before blowing it up onto the projector. “Zemo was surprisingly organized, he liked to be able to find his files relatively quickly. He must not have thought he would ever get caught, because the naming structure was easy to decipher. The client lists are divided up by monetary means, which suggests the higher profiles bring in the most cash.” He explained, his voice wavering slightly.
“I get it, I do.” Tony grumbled, running a shaky hand through his hair. “I appreciate that you want to keep me safe, and that you planned on letting me get enough sleep for my defense, but we have to
And he hadn’t woken up for six days. They had taken him off of the breathing tube yesterday, confirming that his lungs were strong enough to work on their own.
The younger man swiped his tongue across his bottom lip, and dammit if that didn’t go straight to Steve’s cock. “Me too. Tonight’s been...great.” His caramel brown eyes locked with Steve’s again, and the intense moment passed into something sweeter. “Really, really great. I want to see you again.”
The commotion died down as the shield returned to his gloved grip, and he slotted it into the holder on his back. Only three men remained, backed into a corner and shaking like the rats they were. The one in the middle, dark hair peppered with grey, and familiar scars hidden by sparse facial hair, examined the bodies strewn out in front of him.
He closed the distance between them by a few feet with a long stride, narrowing his eyes in consideration. “Was it true what you said earlier?” Tony was a scientist at heart, and in order to move forward, he needed all of the variables.
He barely resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “Then it isn’t Sam or Bruce’s fault either. If Hydra really was that hell bent on taking me, then they would have gotten me at the house too. You can’t possibly blame them for this.”
, Stevie.” He growled. “You need to forgive Sam and Bruce, they’ve both apologized about a thousand times and feel awful about what happened. You know you have to move past this.”
Ten minutes later, Steve deposited Tony onto the bed and covered his body with his own, careful to distribute his weight while he ground his clothed cock down, intermittently pulling away to remove pieces of clothing, starting with his own shirt. A high-pitched keening noise escaped from Tony’s throat, and his hands shot out to work on Steve’s belt while he thrust upwards to latch onto Steve’s left nipple. Steve hissed in delight as Tony’s teeth pinched and prodded at while his deft hands whipped Steve’s belt out of the loops and got to work on his buttons. He panted heavily and held Tony’s head close to his chest, relishing in the string as Tony gave his other nipple the same attention.
Bucky shrugged off his jacket so that his metal arm wasn’t covered, then attached his facemask. It completely obscured his identity, but revealed him as the same man from New York. The Captain’s attack dog.
The Avengers would also need to deal with the fallout from having Pepper and Peter know the true business behind the seemingly normal group of friends. Pepper was more perceptive than anyone gave her credit for, and Peter Parker was a certified genius. The two of them had figured out who Steve and the Avengers were the moment they returned home with Tony, but hadn’t bothered to give their opinion yet, too happy to have their friend safe and sound.
“Just off Cambridge and Anderson. You know, you really didn’t have to do this.” Tony told him sheepishly while watching the street lamps switch on out the window.
They reached the main opening of the warehouse. With a quick use of the mechanical lock pick, they found two hallways filled with the cells containing the victims.
The older man’s face twisted into a handsome smirk, and he leaned back in his chair, kicking his feet up onto the bed. “Damn straight I was. Cap didn’t even know what he was missing ‘til I showed up.”
“Love you too.” Tony replied faintly before hanging up the phone. He tapped it against his chin, wondering what the hell could have happened last night for Steve to be acting like that. It wasn’t like his boyfriend was keeping things from him, Steve
He smirked and looked back expectantly towards Peter. “We’ve definitely missed your lectures, but Hank Pym is keeping us up to date while you’re out. Your professors gave me a few assignments for you, but the general consensus was for you to keep working on your final project. Apparently everyone is looking forward to the big reveal.”
Instead, Tony grew increasingly frustrated as Rogers stared down at his fucking phone the entire time. Tony didn’t mind being ignored at first, somewhat glad that those piercing eyes weren’t currently focused on him, but as the afternoon drew on, and Clint and Sam’s arms filled up with bags and boxes, irritation crept in.
“Go,” Sam ordered, pointing west towards Beacon where emergency lights were waiting. “They’re waiting for you two blocks away. Stick together, and run as fast as you can.”
“It’s mine, and I’ll decide when I’m going to see it.” He hissed, each word accompanied by the tightening of his palm around Tony’s throat, cutting off his air incrementally.
Everyone was silent, not daring to argue with Steve. But this was Tony, and he wasn’t fucking scared of his boyfriend. He
“If you’re finished with your date, we could use you down here. We’re at the warehouse. Barnes brought in three more members of Hydra.”
The Winter Soldier flexed his metal arm, letting the light from the fluorescent lamp gleam off of it. “One.”
persona. His back was ramrod straight with a line of tension, and the width of his stance suggested he was ready for a fight.
Rhodes shook Steve’s hand, making him promise to call him if anything else happens, and to give him daily updates on Tony’s well-being. Pepper flung her arms around his neck and kissed him firmly on the cheek, letting him know that she would come by to check up on Tony over the next few days. Tony grumbled at her, warning her to keep her perfectly manicured hands off of his boyfriend.
Of fucking course. Rogers brought him to a town where the police department was under his thumb. Tony wondered how many cities around the United States were like that. If Rogers’ influence stretched as far as Tony thought it might, he wasn't sure he could ever truly escape. Even if he managed to get away, chances are that the man’s resources would be able to find him. What would happen then? Would Rogers’ deal still apply? Would he go after the people that Tony loved in order to manipulate Tony into staying?
to breathe in fresh oxygen into his lungs, but the compound flooded his central nervous system and shut down any fight he had left.
Steve ran his free hand through Tony’s hair, massaging lightly in the spots he knew would make Tony relax. He leaned over and gently kissed his boyfriend’s temple, “Shhh, sweetheart, no. None of this is your fault.
Sam snickered, then bit at his lip and looked over to Steve, who nodded. The two Avengers grabbed the keys and light jackets before ushering Tony out the door, careful not to jostle his still healing chest as he stepped down through the threshold.
He checked his surroundings, ten men now dead across the blood-stained tile floor and eight more pouring out of the back room with their own weapons drawn. The Captain did the quick math in his head, and let his shield fly like a deadly boomerang, watching the sickeningly sharp edges slice into four of the men’s tattooed chests and throats as it bounced between them, all while the Soldier held his ground at the Captain’s back, covering him by nailing the remaining marks in the center of their foreheads.
The resemblance to his (secretly) beloved comic book hero, Captain America, was seriously uncanny. The strong, chiseled jaw? The wispy golden blonde hair? The striking deep blue eyes that kept you frozen in place? Plus, the man’s shoulder to waist ratio was enough to make even a Victoria Secret Angel go weak in the knees.
“You’re so beautiful, Tony,” Rogers praised, sending ripples of pleasure dancing across Tony’s nerve endings. Yes, that’s what he needed. “Take what you need, anything you want.”
He wondered why he even cared that he didn’t have Rogers’ attention. But the inconsistencies in Rogers’ behavior was starting to get on his last nerve. Didn’t the mob boss kidnap him because he thought Tony was some kind of angel or something? That meant that he thought Tony was attractive, right? Tony knew he wasn’t beautiful or anything, not like Rogers, but the designer suit he was currently sporting definitely deserved some recognition.
Bucky glanced at the clock then back at Steve, who was bringing out his laptop at the front of the table for the debriefing. “Hey, Stevie, don’t forget to text your boy-toy. He’s probably on his way to campus by now.”
Steve picked up a piece of pottery off the top of his desk and flung it towards the wall, anger not the least bit satisfied as it shattered into fifty pieces. “Because he’s been on his own since he was seventeen years old! His father disowned him three years ago because Tony didn’t want to make weapons.” His breath was coming in harsh pants now. “Tony
So, he dressed quickly, throwing on the clothes from earlier this morning and storming out of the dressing room. Surprise surprise, Rogers was on the fucking phone again. Tony tossed the lingerie piece at him with a grunt, sneering up at the mob boss.
Tony snorted and stole a bite. “Rhodeybear will just have to deal with being bumped down to the number two man in my life for the time being. Serves him right for running off and leaving me."
Rogers fought off a smirk and straightened in his seat before clinking his knife against the glass tumblr. A man in a white apron and chef’s hat came around the corner with a silver dish in his hands. Once he reached Tony, he gave a small bow and placed the lid on the table.
“I can assure you, Mr. Stark, that we have the proper motivation lined up.” Tony frowned as the temperature around him seem to drop a few degrees. He didn’t like the look in the man’s eyes, nor the sheer confidence he had that Tony would build exactly what they wanted. “We built a bomb.” He said simply.
“Why’d you both decide to come be an ‘Avenger’ then?” Tony asked, feigning indifference. Truth was, after his conversation with Rogers earlier that morning, he was interested to see what made people stop whatever it was they were doing before and join up with one of the largest gangs in the country. What was it about Rogers that made people flock to him? Was he always cruel and calculating? Or did he often show others the kindness he showed Tony during his panic attack?
The air turned tense again, and Steve nodded somberly. “Yes. I needed to get you back here, and double check with Clint that he hadn’t gone against my orders. If you felt someone watching you, I trusted your instincts.”
“We do good here, Stevie.” Bucky implored, jutting his chin towards the men in the room. “We keep the streets clean, tear down any drug operations, put down any fuckers who try to mess with our people. The Avengers keep people safe.”
Steve watched Natasha prowl in front of the three younger men. Their eyes were wide and terrified. They must have heard rumors about the Black Widow. Good. Maybe the Avengers’ reputation was climbing quicker than he thought.
at the mention of his parents, Steve didn’t think it was in anyone’s best interest for them to step foot in Boston. “If Howard and Maria Stark think that they are going to come anywhere
The man stiffened, looking down with wide eyes before carefully schooling his expression and hiding the hand back into his pocket. “Ah, yeah, I was. I accidentally caught it on a loose wire from a fence. I’ll clean it up when I get home."
Thor’s smile was practically beaming, and he looked over at a disgruntled Bucky, who nodded with a frown. “You’ll rest after though, right?”
“Why were you dropping him off? Why was he in your truck in the first place?” Bucky asked, his tone more than a little accusatory.
He exaggerated a groan and rested his head atop her lap. “So well, Pep. He’s picking me up after class tomorrow.”
“Mr. Stark, we are pleased to inform you that we as a committee have unanimously agreed to pass your Artificial Intelligence thesis. You are astoundingly talented, and we cannot wait to see what you bring to the world next.”
light. He was too innocent to be mixed up with Steve’s gang. His business was dirty, and he wanted to keep Tony as clean as possible.
,” Thor called out to him, but Tony felt like he was underwater. Sounds were distorted, and he felt like he was about to sink down onto the sidewalk. Thor shook him lightly, and tapped his index finger against Tony’s chin to force his gaze to his own. “I need you to
Thor’s eyes crinkled when his lips twitched upwards. He was exceedingly pleasant to be around. “As you know, I hail from Norway. My father, Odin, reigns as the current Monarch.”
As Steve led him through the door, Tony tried to take in his surroundings and picture Steve living here. It was...not what he expected. There aren’t any pictures on the walls, or anything personal whatsoever to suggest that not one, but three people lived here. A few months ago Steve had told him that he, Bucky, and Sam all lived together, while the rest of his friends all had their own places. They used this place as a “home base” of sorts, though, so a full house was fairly common. As frustrated and annoyed as Tony was, he couldn’t help but feel a little bit of trepidation. He was finally getting to meet his boyfriend’s friends. What if they didn’t like him?
“I have a pen pal over in a country called Wakanda. She and I have been in touch for about five years or so, and we bounce ideas back and forth off of each other. Wakanda is known for its store of Vibranium, the rarest metal on Earth.” He chewed on his lip and played with the edge of the blanket. “She was kind enough to send me some, and I was able to manipulate it with a steel alloy. I know how attached you are to your shield, Cap, but I was thinking you might want to try this on for size.”
“Hawkeye and I are ready to go too, Cap.” Sam confirmed. “With the mechanisms Tony made for us today we shouldn’t need the keys off the guys in the bar. Twenty minutes will be enough time to take down the guards and get everyone out of the building.”
But Tony couldn’t seem to hear him. He lashed out harder, his legs coming up to defend himself against some unknown assailant.
“Whatever it is, it can wait until it’s your turn to report.” He quipped in that weirdly polite tone that
Bruce gave him a small smile. “You’d be right. I destroyed the lab. Every single piece of equipment and all of my data, demolished. I didn’t leave behind any trace of the experiment, which means they didn’t have any hope of replicating it without me. As you can imagine, the General and his associates weren’t too pleased with my work.”
deal with everything later, but you need to forget about all of that for now. You’re due in the meeting room in five minutes.” He knocked his forehead softly against Tony’s, and it had a strange way of grounding him. It wasn’t an intimate or romantic gesture, it felt more like they were two comrades on the battlefield, preparing to face their greatest threat yet.
I want you. But sweetheart, this is only our first date. I want to do this right. So, I’m going to bring you home, walk you to your door, kiss you good night, and then I’ll pick you up for our next date tomorrow.” He kissed Tony again, softly this time. They both hummed at the contact, and Steve’s eyes fluttered. “Does that sound okay?”
“How long have you felt like this, Tony?” He asked quietly, as if afraid someone might be listening in. Which was completely ridiculous...wasn’t it? Howard and Obie couldn’t actually be watching him, much less be listening in on him. They didn’t care about him enough to do something so outlandish.
Steve didn’t so much as glance at the others, choosing rather to direct all of his attention onto Tony. Under normal circumstances, that heated gaze would have shot right down to his cock, but this was different. Tony was challenging Steve in a way he hadn’t before.
Steve’s chest rumbled happily at having Tony so close, and he snaked his arms around his waist. “Coulson and Clint have been together for a long time,” he started. “They met back when Natasha got herself mixed up with the Russian mafia, and Coulson was a special agent. You’ll have to ask Clint how that relationship even started out, but I know he saved Coulson’s life on a case. After that, they were pretty devoted to one another. When he and Natasha joined the Avengers, I was against having any form of law enforcement aware of our...activities, for obvious reasons.”
Indecipherable voices sounded in the background, and he wanted to tell them to shut up and go away. Who was talking anyway? Had he fallen asleep on someone else’s couch?
The pair had about five seconds before the guard on the other side of the door was on them. Before he could call out a warning to his associates, Sam reached up and covered his mouth, slicing his throat quickly. Clint didn’t wait for him to finish up, instead, he was unloading his arrows at the four very large, and very angry gentleman pulling out their guns. One, two, three shots rang out before the archer silenced them all, but luckily the pair was light enough on their feet to twist out of the way of the fire.
The piercing glare Rogers gave him had Tony squirming uncomfortably in his seat. When the mob boss spoke, the words were careful, yet sharp, as if he was cutting into Tony with a delicate blade. “If anyone learns of my true identity, then it’s only a matter of time before they find you. My enemies are now your enemies, Tony. If someone learns of your name, they will go after the ones you love in order to hurt you, without hesitation. They know that if they hurt you, they hurt me.”
Steve loved Tony, but he wasn’t sure if he could ever give up on the Captain. The fantasy he played out in his head of the two of them, happy and commitment free by the Bay side, was just that-a fantasy.
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony grumbled, stuffing his things into his backpack. “I’ll let Point Break try his hand on driving on the right side of the road.”
Alright so I've got some good news...I only have about 4 more chapters to write! So I think this story will end up being about 22 chapters, and around 83K words. I should be finished with it over the next month, so I'm hoping to keep up the double updates!
Bruce shot an unimpressed look over Tony’s shoulder. “I was a scientist in an underground sector of the government. I headed experiments in Gamma radiation with my...fiance,” He swallowed painfully around the world. “Her father was a general in the army, and barely tolerated me, at best. I wasn’t exactly the strong and stoic man he always pictured his daughter marrying.”
Tony hesitated again, completely thrown off by the outright generosity of this stranger. Semi-stranger, he guessed, since they’ve met twice now. And dammit, Steve just looked so
“Sarah, my name is Steve. Thank you for looking after my friend until we could get here. We’re going to get him taken care of, alright?”
He snorted, patting Steve on the cheek once more. “That’s only going to fly while I’m recovering, Cap.”
“Uh, yeah,” she scoffed, shrugging a bit. “intimacy is all about being open and honest about what you want, right?. Steve seems like the kind of guy that will do whatever it takes to keep you happy. Am I wrong?”
Steve rose up onto his elbows and let the sheets pool down at his waist, one eyebrow climbing higher than the other while his broad chest was revealed. “Excuse me?”
Bucky’s sharp gaze narrowed in on Tony, who brushed it off without a second thought. Peter, on the other hand, fidgeted and fought against the faint blush creeping across his cheeks. “Right, Mr.-uh, Tony.” The corners of his lips twitched upwards. “Mr. Barnes and Mr. Odinson were nice enough to let me wait here and work on some assignments until you woke up.”
“Ready, Cap, on your count.” Bucky affirmed, switching the safety off of his weapon and cocking it back.
“Fine…” Tony turned on his side to watch Dum-E and U play tug-of-war with a dog’s rope he got from the grocery store. “I just, I don’t know. I have this feeling like...someone’s watching me, or something.”
“I just...I don’t know if that’s a good idea.” Steve started, clearly uncomfortable with his own words. “The last time you were with them…”
Steve’s could practically feel his heart being ripped from his chest at the sound of Tony’s small, broken whimper. He was hurting so much, and it was
He nodded towards Bucky and slid his shield off his back, holding it up and cocking his gun as Bucky had and rolled his shoulders in front of the bar’s front entrance. They had no desire to sneak in, or take them out from a long range. They had blocked off all other entrances, so there was no way out for the cowards who might try to run. The Captain wanted Zemo to know what was coming for him, and that there was no escape.
His boyfriend must have agreed because he walked them back towards their bedroom, stopping every few feet to push him up roughly against the wall to press open mouth kisses and nips to Tony’s collarbone. “Ah, ah.
They spent a few hours working through all of the assignments, much longer than it would have taken him on his own, but both Peter and Thor were good students. They let him talk through things first, and spoke up when they didn’t understand something. It was more advanced than anything either of them had seen before, but they absorbed the information readily.
The fact that he had gone from one of the richest kids in the country to quite literally living paycheck to paycheck was more than a little demeaning. The research grants were enough to cover his tuition,
The Avengers gathered around the table read through the updated files the spies provided, and memorized the faces of the key players. Natasha leaned back against one of the chairs and clicked through the slides with a dangerous smirk playing across her lips. “We were able to determine a routine of sorts, shown here. I’ll defer to you, Cap, but I would suggest our earlier plan of dividing and conquering. Have someone go in to ransack the loot, two to break out the victims and get them hauled to the hospital, and then you and Barnes can tear down the bar and take care of Zemo.”
He appreciated that one of his best friends had his back, despite how crazy it all sounded. “I don’t know. I mean they could be watching, waiting for me to screw up so that they can convince me to come back to SI, but I don’t know. My neck prickles uncomfortably like, all the time now. Even with I’m with Steve.”
He couldn’t fight the smile that danced across his lips. His new friends might be assassins and murderers, but they were supportive as fuck. “Yeah, JARVIS is ready to blow their fucking minds. Hope you’re prepared to start having him in your ear on the next mission.”
Tony cornered him inside the bathroom as Steve grabbed the razor from the shower. “Tell me what the hell is going on!”
“But I don’t want you to worry about that right now, okay?” He whispered against Tony’s temple, his skin warm and tender at his lips. “Just focus on getting better.”
"Seriously? Can we at least go find Bruce while you're off on your Cap hunt? He's probably passed out somewhere in an alley."
“Ah yes.” Cap looked at Wade, who was still lingering next to him. “When we made that deal, it was with the agreement that Wade stayed for two more days. If we cut our vacation short…”
"I'm really not. I don't know what he did to you, but I know I'm not capable of it." He pretended to inspect Clint's injury—any excuse not to look into those piercing blue eyes. This wasn't right—the worst he could do was hurt himself by tearing his stitches again, right?
The rain and wind howled across their little sandbar, making loud hollow thunks on the upturned kayak behind them, and there was no other sound but the waves.
“It actually had nothing to do with you,” Matt clarified, kissing Peter’s forehead. “It’s alright. We’ll work it out. Catch you for lunch sometime?”
“Makes me wonder what you and Cap were up to all day. Playing house? Which one of you gets to explain the birds and the bees to Spidey?”
The Hulk was doing his best to smash Amora, who was doing remarkably well at avoiding this. Ms. Marvel was kind of caught in the crossfire.
Bruce gave them both a small nod in greeting and ate his ice-cream, probably to avoid joining the conversation. Thor and the Hulk had exchanged blows and snarky comments many a time in the past, but Clint couldn't recall many times Bruce had talked directly to Thor. And yet, Bruce had probably been listening to those talks with the Hulk. What a weird thought.
“Okay. Cap and Tony, got that. They’re like an old married couple. But Thor? Come on. I don’t think that’s statistically possible. Especially if you or Hulk are…into men.”
"Woo hoo! I wonder if that creepy undead grandma survived the nuclear blast? Man, she was so scary—I hope she comes back and eats Stella. You know, premarital sex and all that."
“Thor!” Loki said, waving a hand in greeting. Mixed in with the crowd, Thor didn’t pay him much attention. He was busy answering one of the reporters.
The Hulk looked at the car and then back to Clint. With a kind of growl under his breath, he scooped the blond up with one arm and turned, bounding off into the city with him.
"Yeah, you should." He stepped after Clint, picking up more of the tangled blankets from the floor and waiting until Clint climbed onto the bed to drape them over him.
"He's just dressed up nice like he's trying to catch somebody's attention, and Jane Foster's not here, so I thought m-maybe they broke up or something? Maybe Thor just looks good in anything," Peter mused seriously. 'God-like' was a pretty good description of the guy's build. And not everybody could pull off that long flowing hairstyle, either. Sigh.
That beeping was still in the background, and the resemblance to a heart monitor wasn't really helping any.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Clint growled, smacking Deadpool’s hand away. Jabbing a finger in the taller man’s face, Clint tried not to sound as pissed as he felt. “Don’t touch me.”
"Ooh, a couch? I love sleeping on couches," Peter said cheerfully. "This's your vacation I crashed, Cap--it's the least I can do to sleep on the couch and let you have your hammock. Besides, a couch is kind of cramped for somebody like you to fit onto, isn't it?"
“Why would the two of you side by side bring me any discomfort?” He kept his voice low so that Bruce wouldn’t hear him, Steve noticed. “Here or on Asgard, why would that be so?”
Peter shook his head and checked his watch. The train was late. At this rate it would've been quicker to just web-sling his way home and claim he'd missed Aunt May at the subway station, even though she was waiting there to meet him on his way home. It wasn't like he'd really been on a days-long field trip like he'd said, but Aunt May didn't need to know that.
"You were just alone with Doctor Doom," Tony grumbled. "ANYTHING could happen. What if he brainwashed you, or you're actually a Doombot or something? BOTH of you can't be the real Clint, so somebody's an impostor—I wanna keep an eye on any impostors in my home base, thanks."
"Yeah, well I have a bad feeling Matt's the one Peter likes and can't tell about it," Tony said, crossing his arms. "From the sound of it, 'let's date' is something Wade would LOVE to hear from Peter, and we know Peter's not actually dating anybody right now, so..."
"According to Tony, that won't work," Bruce replied, sitting the briefcase on the counter and glancing back at him. He waved for the blond to come over. "I need to look into why that is, but you're also the only other one exposed to the same batch of that gas as Captain America. Please, you might help us cure him."
Thor stayed where he was. Every minute or so, lightning would strike the hammer again and send light bursting overhead. Hopefully nobody was looking for Thor right now, because that was pretty obviously his handiwork...
"Tony's still out there to help Thor," Bruce reminded them. He sounded uncomfortable, though. Maybe it was just the subject matter.
Swigging down a glass of raw eggs was Steve’s normal breakfast, but since they were on vacation, he figured the others might want something a little sweeter. Humming quietly since he had the living room all to himself, he scooped the batter up with a half cup measure and poured it into the waffle iron.
"Hours—nearly a day later, and nothing?" Doom held out both hands in a sort of shrug. "Perhaps they value you no more than Thor does."
When he looked back up, the scientist had gotten dressed already, and was awkwardly adjusting one strap of the neon magenta tank top back up onto his shoulder. Clint's swimming trunks luckily had a drawstring waist. Ironically it was the shirt Bruce was swimming in, so to speak. Now that he'd turned around, Clint noticed a sprinkle of freckles here or there on his neck, shoulders, and arms. Bruce cleared his throat and pulled the tank top off again, shoving the plain white tee back on.
“Ugh, no thanks. He’s a cocky control freak!” Clint grumbled, looking out at the ocean. “You know, it’s really hot out here. Let’s go swim for a few minutes, then we can look for bonfire spots. ‘Kay?”
Wade suddenly lunged forward to pat Peter's head, now on his stomach hanging halfway over the roof edge.
...Not that Loki was actually leaning on him. Even with his lithe figure and an attempt to make himself lighter, he weighed more than the actual archer. A lot more.
“I’m sorry, we got off-topic. If Wade isn’t in school, what does he do?” Cap asked glumly, adding different condiments to the different buns. Apparently, he knew what each member of the team liked on their burgers.
Doom didn’t offer him a shirt OR threaten to strap him down again. Instead, he headed over to the counter and poured Clint a glass of water as he'd done for Captain America, offering it to the blond without comment.
"That's...probably the first and last time anybody will ever call me 'cool'," he said, offering a smile to show he wasn't taking it too seriously. "I figured after watching me when I'm in my room, you would rather spend time with just about anybody else."
Tony came over and put one of the blankets over him, tucking it in around his shoulders. He paused there and added dubiously, "You're gonna sleep fully dressed? Your clothes probably still smell like a dungeon."
“If so, he must be bleeding a great deal. Worrisome. When I sighted Banner, I thought it best to return him to camp and speak with you and Stark rather than continuing to fly in circles. If you like, I could fly you up to the trail to search as well,” he offered.
Just a few steps outside, and the rain was soaking through all of their clothing again. Thor had significantly toned down the storm, but it was still dreary and rainy.
"Cap made waffles for breakfast," he said, of all the things to reply to. Handing the phone to Tony, he gave him and Cap a big nervous smile and added, "I-I need to talk to him for a sec, be right back!"
"Look. I know you guys think I'm the fake! The other me gets to run around free, but I get locked up? You're gonna be sorry when he shoots Tony!"
"I-I'm not sure," he admitted finally, a bit dully. Defeatedly. "The other guy paid me a few visits...in a row. I lose big chunks of my days."
"Does that mean I'm free?" The Clint with the blanket asked, half stepping out of the cell. "Um, where's Bruce anyway?"
"Well, I can see a lot's happened in the last five minutes." Tony's droll comment from the staircase actually made the back of Peter's neck tingle, and that was usually the Spider Sense's way of warning for literal danger. Hastily, Peter pulled his hand away from Wade's chest and turned to Tony (now sans sunglasses), sighting Cap trailing after him.
"You either want to go or you don't," Bruce said evenly. He paused with his hand on the doorknob, though, glancing back. "What is it?"
Bruce instinctively leaned away from his hand, so Clint wound up just grasping his shirt sleeve. It still kind of worked to haul the reluctant scientist along by the arm, though he looked dubious about this whole thing.
A glowing street sign a block ahead of them caught his eye. It read in large, simple text, 'SANDWICH.' Not sandwiches, but a singular sandwich. Clint's eyes lit up at the sight and he sped up to Bruce's side.
Loki took the glass gingerly. Thor was being his usual overly nice self, but for some reason, the super villain didn't seem to mind. He sipped the glass while leaning awkwardly on his elbow, trying not to put any pressure on his side.
He glanced at Steve sidelong and sighed as they stepped into the cabin--and back to the sound of people talking and dishes clinking as the other Avengers dished out spaghetti. How did a vacation have any right to be this stressful?
"Well, what DOES impress you? Like...elephants?" Deadpool asked awkwardly, suddenly not so confident.
“Before you do that,” Cap started, clearing his throat and looking at Tony. “We need to talk to you.”
"OWW!" Both Clints yelled—Loki from the alcohol, and Hawkeye from his hand getting crushed in a pained grip. The archer wrenched his hand free, backing up and rubbing it.
"Yeah...ah, but could you hand me a blanket or something?" Bruce looked far too tired to be embarrassed at the moment, but his pants were in tatters thanks to the Hulk.
"You can call Matt later," Peter told Wade quickly, then turned and jogged past Cap to Tony's side of the play area. "I'm here, I'm here!"
“’Course I do! I was just distracted by el hombre with the cooking skills. You know what they say about men knowing their way around the kitchen!” He said loudly, nudging Peter’s elbow with his.
"Hey!" An angry voice came from across the garden. The first Avenger turned to see who it was, only to spot Hawkeye heading for them and waving an arm over his head.
"S-sorry. Um, Cap? I know Tony likes having no plan for the week, but I-I was kind of hoping we could do a team up thing. Y'know, so Wade could be part of the team. Matt, too, if he decides to stay." He directed the sad eyes on Daredevil, even though the guy couldn't see him.
"Think they've got audio feeds...? Pepper reached into the pockets of her pantsuit and rummaged a little, sighing.
“Okay, well then that leaves the three of us with free time. It’s still raining. Maybe we should go back into the cabin?” He was weighing whether he should just talk to both of them at once about things. It had to be better than awkwardly trying not to be uncomfortable with Matt, who was also uncomfortable, and watching poor Wade try to casually be affectionate with Matt, who didn’t seem to be into it. Or maybe he was trying to leave Wade alone so he’d be available for Peter? The way Matt talked about Wade earlier, it didn’t sound like he DISliked Wade…
"...Are you going to kiss me? I mean, it's not raining—but hey!" Wade puckered his lips under the mask and waved a hotdog at Peter.
Last night, Tony had stayed up all night, yet again, jumping between his own projects, redlining his students’ completely useless papers on Thermodynamics, and completing the upcoming week’s lesson plans. Tony’s work on his project had doubled since he was working alone, so that didn’t help either. He had the
Rogers’ voice was low, the tone heady and smug. “Why are you looking at it? Do you want to touch it?”
Thank you to everyone who has read/followed this story. I ADORE every single comment I receive, and it always makes my day to know someone enjoyed reading this.
At least everyone else looked surprised too, they obviously didn’t seem to know what was happening either. Steve crossed his arms over his chest and rolled his shoulders. “Soon, I promise. Right now, though, I need to talk to Clint, Natasha, and Bucky. Sam, Bruce, you stay here with Tony.”
Tony leaned in, careful to keep his voice down so that the family in the booth behind them couldn’t hear. “I finally got the all clear from my doctor, Pep. It’s been weeks!
Sorry, I would have posted a bit earlier, but I had to wait for my Aggies to *barely* pull off the win this afternoon.
“I will set off the bomb at the marathon! You know I will! It might not start until tomorrow, but plenty of people will still be on that street!” The man was getting desperate. When Tony didn’t answer his demands quick enough, he sent his fist flying across his face.
“You survived, of course, and had your mother in fits. They were both becoming insufferable, and had finally decided to welcome you back, with open arms.” He spat the words, as if it left a rotten taste in his mouth. “I tried to convince them otherwise, but they wouldn’t hear of it. So I had to put my undue influence to good use. If Howard was going to try and change the will, you needed
A shiver shot down Tony’s spine at the mention of the Soldier. He’s heard horror stories of the Captain’s attack dog for years now, the public’s fear growing with each decapitation and crushed heart dropped off on rival gangs’ and police precinct’s doorsteps.
Tony tried to take in his surroundings, but it was hard to focus on anything that wasn’t the man in front of him, the harsh pain in his chest, and that damn light. Why couldn’t they just turn it down or something? “How...” He tried in between harsh breaths. “How do you know my name?”
“All you have to do is ask, Tony. You’re going to be so good for me, I know it. Look how beautiful you are now. Come, Tony, I want to see you, give it to me. Come.”
Steve swallowed again, this time pushing up to his feet so that he stretched to his full height again. “I know, and I can’t promise that my...
I hope you enjoyed this week's chapter! If I can finish off writing chapter 14 this week, then I'm thinking I'll post the next one early as a reward to myself :) No promises, but keep an eye out for it!
At the moment, however, Steve decided to return his attention to the coastline below. As he twisted the high-powered binoculars in his hands into focus and took in the crest of the waves and the vibrant contrast of the foam dancing across the sandbar, already planning his next painting, a figure stumbled into his line of sight.
for Tony.” He gasped and let Bucky help him to his feet. The Avengers huddled around him with their hands outstretched, unsure of what they could do to help.
Most of the group didn’t need to be told twice. Almost everyone took off down the street, careful not to stray too far from one another. The only stragglers were the Maximoff twins, who turned to stare at Clint and Sam, still clinging to each other.
Tony didn’t even hesitate to respond. “Yes,” he answered earnestly. “I don’t want to see, or talk to my mother.” The bitterness in his tone didn’t go unnoticed, if the questioning look Bucky gave him was any indication.
When he opened them again, Tony’s caramel brown eyes were staring right back into his. The haze of confusion passed before it was replaced by a glimmer of delight. “You have me, Captain. Always.”
Bruce chuckled under his breath and rubbed at his eyes underneath his glasses. “You’ve already done all of that. And triple checked your work. Go home and get some rest.” He implored with a fond smile. “Tomorrow is a big day. We can celebrate when everyone is home.”
Tony fought down the wave of frustration that bubbled to the surface. If Rogers was actually serious about keeping him here for an entire year, then Tony wanted to be included in the loop of information. Whatever Rogers was involved in, it was dangerous, that much was obvious. How was he supposed to know how to act? How was he meant to interact with the people Rogers had him meet? Or even talk to the Avengers and the Commandos? And what about Peter?
Clint nodded, assuming she could understand him. “I’m going to unlock this door, then you’re going to help me lead everyone else here down the road to the ambulances that will be waiting for you, okay?” He stood up without breaking eye contact. “I’ll need your help making sure everyone is out.”
“Carbonell was my mother’s maiden name.” Tony licked his lips, working himself up for it. “My last name is actually Stark.”
Bucky, who had been quiet up till now, rapped his metal knuckles along the table. “I hope you’re not planning on giving me a computer, Stark. I’ll smash it to bits on accident.”
By the time they finished, Tony’s eyes were drooping heavily. Peter helped him stand and gave him an awkward side hug as he left, promising to return next week with another set of assignments to work through. Thor and Bucky ushered him back into Steve’s bed, but Tony wasn’t about to miss out on hearing the origin story of the last Avenger. He reached out to grab ahold of Thor’s arm when he tried walking away.
He fought down the embarrassment and frustration of the last thirty minutes and braced himself against the cold.
With Clint’s help, he was repositioned to the side of the bed where his legs could hang off the side and touch the floor. Clint ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, sorting through the curly strands. “Cap asked if I could give you a haircut too. What do you say? I promise not to shave it all off.”
As promised, the next time he opened his eyes, Natasha and Sam were gone, replaced with Clint and Bruce. Rather than either of them sharing his space on the bed, they must have elected to drag another chair into the room.
Tony’s mood suddenly soured, and he leaned back against the wall. “Nah, I don’t want to mention anything.”
“There we go, look at how well you listen.” The balding man with a German accent moved into his field of vision, and Tony automatically leaned away. He was tall enough to appear menacing, and the single eyepiece certainly didn’t do him any favors. He grinned at Tony, but there was no warmth in it. “They told me you would be difficult, but that’s not true, is it?”
ground, I wanted to do so much more than just root for you from the sidelines. You…” He broke eye contact and blushed down at the sheets. No way he could find the courage to admit this to Steve’s baby blues. “You were my hero. And then I move to Boston and you managed to beat their asses
Thankfully, Tony’s eyes snapped open at the powerful command. They frantically scanned the darkened room in pure, unadulterated terror until they finally focused on Steve. Like a switch, his body fell limp as soon as he registered that he was safe, and Steve maneuvered his way around so that Tony was curled up against his side, clutching onto his shirt.
“We’ve got two problems.” She answered neutrally, which Steve surmised meant that she was having trouble figuring out which to report first.
He closed his eyes, praying to every deity out there that Tony would come back to him. Steve needed him like he needed air to breathe. He kept him centered, kept him calm. Without Tony, Steve became lost to the Captain. Without Tony, he was just a cold man without a heart. He was Steve’s heart. The love of his life.
That earned him a round of protests and questions from almost everyone in the room, but Steve wasn’t having any of it. Suddenly he was using this voice that Tony had only heard a sample of back at the apartment. “This is not a
he’s in danger.” He swallowed and ran a hand through his disheveled hair. “I have this feeling, guys. He’s mine, and he’s in trouble.”
Bucky laughed before clapping Steve on the shoulder, giving Joseph a polite nod, and walking back towards Dum Dum and Gabe, who were escorting the men back inside.
Tony only hesitated for a moment before shrugging. “I guess if Steve trusts you not to mutilate my gorgeous locks, I’ll allow it.”
To his surprise, Bucky just smirked and leaned back in the chair, resting both hands behind his head. “I was wondering how long it was going to take for him to move in. I’m just surprised that you’re not the one going to his apartment. At least you wouldn’t have roommates to worry about.”
The corners of Steve’s lips twitched upwards, and he continued his gradual assault down Tony’s body. At each one of his scars, Steve lavished them gently with the flat of his tongue, pouring out as much love as he could muster into each of his kisses. By the time he reached Tony’s navel, his boyfriend was gasping in desperation, strings of half-choked muttering and pleading falling off of his lips. Steve’s resolve began to crumble, and a low growl resounded within his chest. His hands snapped towards Tony’s pants and yanked them down before stuffing his entire face into Tony’s still-clothed crotch.
There was a beat of hesitation before he answered, which instantly caused Tony to straighten. “The team is fine, and the mission went as planned.”
Tony could feel his eyebrows practically disappearing into his hairline. “You’ve got to be kidding me. The rest of the Commandos are fine just blindly following a man they call ‘The Captain’? The entire US police force and FBI is terrified of some nickname?”
If asked about it, Steve would have a hard time remembering every detail after that. After ensuring that the girls were safe, he could only recall seeing a haze of red. Looking back, Steve thought that maybe this incident was the first time he ever really fully switched into the “Captain” persona. Of course, at this point in time he never dreamed he would rise to the rank in the army, or lead not one, but two groups of exceptional people under this name, but he felt the shift inside himself all the same.
He looked over to see Bucky smirking knowingly at him. “I bet Tony would love to hear your “Captain” voice."
“I’m so happy for you, Tony!” She reached down and pressed a light kiss to his temple. “Now can we call Jim?”
to Tony over the past few months. They hadn’t said the words yet, but Tony didn’t doubt that Steve loved him. The older man showed him that he did every day, in the way that he treated Tony, in the way that he handled him like he was something precious.
Loud shouts and gunfire began sounding from down the hall, shaking Tony out of the slight haze of pain he was hidden in. The mass of soldiers around him grunted in confusion, slowly raising their weapons and heading towards the door.
Sam shrugged, “After a display like that, I wanted to know more about whatever it was he was willing to share. Turns out, we had very similar mindsets. He invited me back to meet Bucky, and well, the rest is history.”
He practically jumped out of his skin when the door flung open to reveal an extremely irritated Bucky Barnes. “Goddamnit Stark! You’re driving me fucking crazy, just get yourself in here.” He stalked back inside, leaving the entryway open.
“We’re leaving today,” Rogers announced, interrupting Tony’s thoughts and running a large hand through his own wet hair. The movement caused his larger-than-life biceps to curl deliciously. “We’ll be guests at an offshore party, so take that under consideration while packing your bag.”
He could practically hear the other man grinning and patting himself on the back on the other line. “That’s my boy. Now outside of the whole ‘Steve is the center of my universe’ thing you’ve got going on, how’s everything else?”
Steve seemed to realize where this was headed as well, because he rearranged himself on the bed and hung his head. “I’m sorry for not telling you, Tony. I can understand if you don’t want to be with someone like me, I wouldn’t blame you. Not after what I’ve done.”
“See it on yourself,” he spat, then turned on his heel and pushed through the doors that led outside. The clear, warm summer air helped clear his mind to finally think, and he immediately realized that Clint and Sam hadn’t followed him out. Tony seized the opportunity, rushing around the corner and ignoring the few random elderly townsfolk that milled about in favor of finding someone who might actually be of use. Near a newly refinished boardwalk, he saw two policemen and almost collapsed in relief.
Tony stiffened under his touch, and Steve fought the instinct to pull away, wanting Tony to feel comfortable talking to him. “I uh.” His bottom lip was now caught between his teeth, and Steve figured they had just stumbled onto some new territory. “I guess I lived at home. I was supposed to work at our family business after my second degree, but I just…” Tony looked away. “I didn’t want to. My dad didn't like that. He didn’t like a lot of things about me, I guess. He cut me off.”
That led him to an entirely different issue. Could he live with being involved with a mob boss? Tony already knew that Rogers had no issue with murder, as he’d gunned down a man who’d betrayed his family. Sure, the guy had been hurting children and obviously doing some really shady stuff, but what if his punishment was how Rogers dealt with every person who stepped out of line? Had the mob boss killed anyone innocent?
The moment they entered the Hydra base, every ounce of anger and devastation that had built up inside of him since Tony had been taken unloaded like a flood. He didn’t even blink as he led the massacre. And then they advanced on the workshop, and Steve watched von Strucker strike his fist across Tony’s face.
And yet, still nothing. The man in question was leaning against the windowsill with his brows furrowed, snapping at someone on the other line. Tony’s glare did nothing to draw Rogers’ gaze, but it did earn him matching amused looks from Clint and Sam.
The three separate groups would get into position, and when the bar closed to pedestrians, all of the Avengers would strike at once. They would take down a major sex trafficking ring in one night, and make the city a safer place for tomorrow.
Tony didn’t quite see it that way, though. Steve could tell by the haunted shadow in his eyes that Tony wouldn’t be moving past this anytime soon. He felt personally responsible for all of those lives that had been in danger, despite the fact that they were safe now. Later that night, his boyfriend curled around Steve’s hand on the bed, tears leaving salty tracks down his cheeks, admitting that it was
