He rolled onto his front. Steve had already left to bathe and wash the sweat from his body. The moment he had left the bed Bucky, who’d been in the chair next to him (like a father at the sickbed of a child) had flopped into the bed. There was no going back to sleep for Steve but he hadn't complained when Bucky had pulled up a chair and proclaimed his inability to sleep and want of a good book.
“In Italian?” Maria asked fervently and Tony winked at her pulling her closer to him by her pinafore.
James had become increasingly emotional as the weeks went on with no sign of the captain returning, and it hadn’t escaped Tony’s notice that with their personal letters to their father gone unanswered the boy had started melting down into a tantrum at least once a day. Tony felt for him (he could curse Rogers, and himself for ever thinking to have the children write to him in the first place) but his nerves were worn thin.
He and Anamarie hurried on their way after that, fighting to keep from breaking into a run or letting the jubilant smiles of relief take over their faces until they were out of sight of the police. But as soon as they were well enough away, Anamarie threw back her head and cackled.
“Tony.” Stefen’s hand touched his again, pleading once more. Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, breathing sharply through his nostrils, teeth clenched and eyes shut as he tried to silence the warring voices thundering through his skull.
“Hmm, well there’s some left-over roast I’d sliced up for Gunter, and that loaf of rye I was going to include with super. We’ve also some potatoes I could throw on for a soup.” She mused aloud, already bustling toward the bread box. Ian followed, eager to help as she loaded supplies into his arms.
"But it worked right, on the rats?" Péter asked, biting his lip, and Tony almost couldn't bear to look at the desperate hope on his face. He swallowed with difficulty as the automobile bumped along the unpathed road.
Tony forced his eyes to open, wincing at the sharp pain that made itself known in his neck. He hadn't thought it possible, but somehow or another he must have fallen asleep in the chair beside the bed. No doubt he’d been dragged below the depths by sheer exhaustion after the physical and emotional toil of the last week.
"Through the proper channels of diplomacy and negotiation with the third Reich." Farkas road over him, tapping a blunt finger against his oak desk, the sound echoing in the room.  "Our negotiations with the Führer are on shaky ground as it is. Do you know how many clergymen are currently imprisoned at that camp?""
“It’s not too late.” Tony assured him, slowly closing the distance that had gapped between them once more. “I wrote to an academy in Switzerland about Péter, and together I’m sure we can come up with a plan for the others.”
Tony waited, curious as Artur murmured something, his hand still mostly obscuring his mouth but Maria seemed to understand. She nodded hesitantly gaze fixed down at her lap.
“Pine trees, dear girl, are incredibly useful. The sap and needles are good for tonics, salves and tinctures. And added to the soap we’ll all feel and smell more pleasant.” He winked at her dubious expression and picked up Sara who had run over to get a look at what Tony and the boys had brought back with them. “But most importantly the cones have nuts, which are essential if we’re going to make mama’s
“I’m sorry, I was startled,” he began, taking a step back to gain much needed space and was caught by Khalmmer’s hand butting into his shoulder, stopping him. The officer withdrew it quickly, Klahmers grin winding loose and unsuspecting back onto his face like one of Sara’s windup toys.
He got to be safe, even if the Nazis did want him to build ships for them because Stefen shielded him. They had to take Tony at his word that he lacked the skills.
“My apologies. I think I’m being called – ” Tony tried to excuse himself but she caught his arm, still chattering as if she couldn’t see how uncomfortable he was and hadn’t heard a word he said.
“Very good. And what is your name, little one?" He continued in French, and she answered politely, her tiny brows scrunching as she thought through every word and carefully pronounced them.
“Tony?” The young man questioned timidly beside him, and Tony squeezed his shoulder before leading the way to the door to the hall.
"You're not helping!" Stefen growled at him in aggravation. When he turned to look back at Tony, his struggle to speak calmly and clearly was in every line of his face.
Bucky gripped his spoon tighter, squinting at Steve. The bastard wouldn't make him do it would he? He wouldn't make Bucky beg him.
"I said you there!" The voice barked again and Péter looked up, a slightly manic feeling smile stretching his mouth as he looked up to find one of the policemen marching purposefully toward them, a scowl heavily set on his face.
Even crouched with his arms over his head, Tony felt fragments digging into his skin and heard a low hiss of pain come from the from the others. But there was nothing he could do about it as they continued to bump and lurch over the terrain until finally the truck began to slow and came to a jolting halt almost twenty yards from the road.
“Tony! I think I caught one!” James exclaimed excitedly and Tony twisted his torso to peer in his direction only to find the boy rushing across the grass toward them with one hand tightly clamped over the rim of his net.
It made the stomach twist and burn to think about letting that man just get away with it all, to tear his family apart and get away with arranging his parents’ murders, but there was little Tony could do about it. Obi could have Tony arrested with a single admittance. Hughard had falsified Tony’s birth records and Stanislov was party to the crime. Witnesses who had known his mother growing up would not be hard to find. Desperate people Stanislov could con or pressure into testifying the truth of his heritage were probably a dime a dozen in Pola right now.
Bucky just stared at him for a moment, looking unimpressed, and then sighed. He reached over and flicked the side of Steve's ear sharply with his thumb and forefinger and smiled when Steve hissed in annoyance.
Tony had mentioned the strange event in his report, albeit casually, and he not been surprised by the continued silence from the abbey. Although Clinton showed up faithfully to check on Tony and collect his letters, Tony rarely received anything in the form of reply.
Didn’t Tony know it. He suddenly felt beyond exhausted, on the verge of tears that would only humiliate himself and worry the children. Heaving a sigh Tony straightened, releasing the coiled rope in his hands and turned to look at them all.
Instead of an answer Stefen’s mouth descended over his again, capturing his lips in a punishing kiss that stole Tony’s breath. Still, his poor lungs tried, sucking in a sharp breath when Stefen’s hand brushed against his cock still trapped in his open slacks. The heat of Stefen’s palm seeped through Tony’s cotton briefs as he stroked and squeezed in a fumbling fashion that betrayed his inexperience but Tony couldn’t care for all the world.
Whoever was in charge of engineering after his father’s death just didn’t have the right tools or the right know how. Hitler didn’t need someone who could build war ships just as good as anybody else. They needed somebody who could break the mold.
“And how did Frau Rogers feel about that?” Tony asked, softening the question with a teasing smile to let Stefen know he wasn’t judging. The gypsy way didn’t sound that far off from what any so-called civilized society thought about women and their place. Stefen chuckled, and Tony took it as a win that for once the light in his eyes did not dim when he spoke about his wife. “She said it was ballocks, and I agreed with her. If anything, my soul was the one lost. Until I found her.”
“You’re alright Stark.” She pressed another kiss to his cheek. “If no one has told you, that suit is a dream on you.”
It didn’t bode well, that Tony felt so emotionally fatigued and their journey was so far from over. It was miles to go before they were truly safe and before their efforts to heal weren’t being constantly uprooted and interrupted. Fair or not, that was their lot. He would just have to be stronger.
“Shut up.” Steve snapped, his neck heating, but there was no real fire behind it. Kroger leaned forward with a wide grin, the smell of potential entertainment at Steve’s expense caught in his nose now.
It was a fair question. He’d not been in Steve's room in years. It had been Steve and Peggy’s room then, and if Bucky had gone in it was mostly to tease Peggy from the doorway as she sat by her mirror.
“Yes. A girl I know recently turned six years of age and her brother is twelve today. That demands a party.”
Stark pushed himself up from the dirt, staggering to his full height with a grunt of effort. He swayed only a little bit before he answered, clutching a hand against his chest like it pained him. His eyes were more focused now, the shock fading. Good, but Bucky stared hard at that hand on his chest, worrying. Had he been struck somehow? Flying glass or metal from the car?
“Latcho drom.” Bucky returned, his voice barely above a whisper, and a moment later he was gone, shutting the door firmly behind him.
“I don’t know.” Péter had answered honestly with a shrug. “It’s better for the others isn’t it, to know there’s a chance? Would you miss him less Tacha if you did know?”
Tony pushed away from the door he’d been leaning against while they listened to the broadcast, having heard quite enough for one morning. His sudden departure took the others by surprise, Pepper calling his name softly as he made to leave the kitchen with quick strides.
This time fate was on his side. He ground to a halt near the top of a ridge when he spotted what he thought was the top of the truck that had carried Stefen below, stooping down to avoid being seen before he was ready. He crept along the ridge and took stock of the scene below. It looked like they had crashed into a tree at the bottom of the ridge. It quickly became clear to Bucky that the reason why was that Dvorak had been in that truck. He must have taken the men by surprise. It was the only explanation because even from this distance Bucky could see that Stefens’s hands were bound behind his back.
The story does shift however, back to focusing almost entirely on them. I'm sure we will all miss the children's voices, but due to the nature of what Tony and Steve get up to during the war they are less involved.
He took a step nearer which only sent the captain into more of a panic. A shout tore from him as he twisted his body to the side knocking the remaining items on the night table over.
“There were rumors about her, the wife that is. She was Italian, but that was about all that anybody knew and that was the odd part, because people in their circle, it’s all about pedigree isn’t it? The big talk was she was aCarboni, which don’t mean shit to you I know.” Kirk grinned draining the rest of his mug and licking his lips, leaving Bucky to wait in tense silence. The blond set the mug down with a thud and leveled with Bucky.
“We all need help sometimes,” she remarked, passing him the little cup and saucer she was holding and Steve saw that along with the espresso there was a small square of sweet cake. She’d probably heard that from Tony, Steve thought with an ache, just like she’d clearly observed the way Tony got him to eat small bites of things. That was his girl. Always watching people.
He jumped, flinching away at the hand Tony had tentatively rested on his shoulder. Tony pulled back, giving him space as if Ian were a spooked animal and swallowed the scream for them all to go away that was building behind his teeth. Darting forward he swept up the pieces of his book and its crumpled pages into his arms. Shoving James out of his way Ian ran out of the room, ignoring Tony's shout after him.
Tony had turned his attention back to his music, his back straight and fingers flying over the keys. Something must be bothering him, Steve thought. There was a way Tony had of coaxing the music out of the piano that perfectly illustrated his moods. Something in the way he could make the music sore and dip that always spoke louder than anything Tony might say.
“I’m not saying now of course but…” her gaze softened and she dabbed at her mouth, pale lipstick bleeding softly onto the napkin. “Soon?”
The disturbance was not, as his hammering heart still seemed to fear, the arrival of the police but Hammer. The toady butler was wide eyed and practically bursting with news as he flew into the kitchen, his unbuttoned coat flapping about his legs (and really who wore a coat in summertime anyway) ruining what might have otherwise been a very posh look.
He’d made up his mind several days ago to send for the children (and of course Tony). in truth, the moment he’d stepped inside his suite and got a good look at the empty room and an ear full of silence the first day they’d arrived he’d made his decision.
He was angry, and even though it was unfair to be angry with Stefen when he had done his best to keep the children away from Nazi indoctrination as long as he could, when it had been Tony himself who had pushed them out into the world; there was no helping the quiet rage that simmered inside of him with nowhere to go.
"Keep practicing with Stark and one day you'll be better." Turning to Stefen he said, "You aught to let me represent the children. They're really something."
“Yes. Just one time in your miserable life, I’d like it if you got down and stayed there because you cannot and will not lead an elite task force for the Germans and survive the war. It’s not in you to kill for them, even in the name of sabotage. This will destroy you.”
He should have, Tony thought to himself as he sipped his coffee thinking again of Natacha, remembering the way she’d stared at him that afternoon like a spider watching a fly caught in its web. If he were really as smart as he claimed to be he should heed the warning and leave this place, try his luck on his own. Nobody would blame him for running. He didn’t owe this family anything.
“I was thinking how happy I’d be if we never had to see any of those people again. This whole thing is crazy.”
Try as he might Steve could not stop himself from picturing his son’s face. Not the way it had been when they parted – gaunt and shadowed with grief – but full and bright with warmth and curiosity, his blond hair flopping out of Virginia’s careful combing, and his fingers sticky from one of Willamina's treats. It was a kind of self-inflicted torture to picture him that way, Steve well knew that. That boy was as dead and gone as his mother was, and yet his memory haunted. Artur’s ninth birthday had passed in March uncelebrated, Maria’s seventh in January before that, only remarked upon with hushed whispers from Tony and the children.
“But something magical happened then. The magic stone heard them say that they were hungry and began to glow, suddenly the table was filled with pots and pans containing every delicious food you can imagine. And from that day forward whatever the boy and his mother needed, the magic stone would give it to them.”
was back, buzzing like a storm of bees in his head. It was an annoyance in the extreme! What could he do if the Reich had bigger plans for today than even he knew? It was out of his hands. He’d warned Rogers time and again hadn’t he? And he had Helen and Rene to think of. He was not going to put his neck out on the line for a mouthy upstart, too stupid to lay down with the rest of them.
Though Bucky grunted in discomfort Steve wasn’t worried. They were both pulling their punches. It had been years had since he’d wrestled with Bucky but it was just as familiar, and yes, just as fun, as he remembered it from when they were young men.
Virginia’s brow puckered with worry as Julia nodded and quickly disappeared through the serving door and into the kitchen to relay the request.
Natacha looked aloof, staring through the crowd as if she didn’t see them at all as she led the line of her younger siblings. Tony thought Artur was going to burst with excitement and that Ian might fall over at any moment he was standing so stiff. But none of them beat Maria, who seemed to have been taken over by the spirit of some seasoned diva eight times her age. The shy little girl who clung to her brother’s side and rarely spoke disappeared. She walked out on stage like a princess at court, graceful and practiced, ready to be admired.
“A gentleman doesn’t kiss and tell Jaime my boy.” Kirk grinned at him and snickered. “Jesus your English is terrible. You sound like you’ve been chewing on glass.”
Steve sloshed warm water over Artur's neck and shoulders, careful to keep the water off of his head. The air in the bathroom was thick and steamy, perfumed with the scent of lavender from a box of salts that Tony had found in the linen cupboard.
She was almost thankful at first that he’d thought to bring Herr Stark along (because she could see no other reason for the man’s presence) but as the evening progressed it quickly became clear that Stark was not there as the captain’s employee but as a friend.
A gloomy silence hung heavy in the car for the first hour, only interrupted by the occasional sniff or shuffle from the children in the back. Normally he'd be grateful for the quiet, but that morning he could have used a distraction from the tension he couldn't seem to be rid of. Would Stark really risk his life to abduct the Major’s children from their own family? Why? Surely, he wouldn't do something so senseless when he'd been offered a chance not only to retain his freedom but to do a greater good?
my explosive. Overnight, you’ll be the strongest weapons developer in the world let alone the Third Reich. I’ll even sign over the company to you. You’ll have it all, and no one can ever take it from you.”
But before long the children demanded they return to the amusement park and so they went, indulging in the sights and sounds and carnival games. They ran into the Osborn boy who was with a group of young people Steve could only assume to be school friends. He was surprised to learn Harry was starting school at Theresian Academy. It sent a sharp jolt through Steve to see the boy in the cadet uniform- a somewhat plainer, version of the SS standard. The cost of what was being promised to the cadets at those schools was standing right in front of him in the form of Henry Osborn, a boy turning soldier before he’d even turned sixteen.
“Herr Stark, is it your goal to put us all off our food?! I don't think I've ever quite been subjected to this particular type of indigestion.”
As Natacha finished speaking and Ingrid’s smile turned brittle, a familiar car pulled up to the curb, honking loudly for attention and when Natacha saw who was at the wheel a smile of genuine delight cracked her carefully blank veneer.
The man insisted he needed to see papers of identification from all parties, even though it was grandfather’s name on the account. But when Tony resisted presenting his they were told in no uncertain terms that they could either comply with the request or be on their way.
Tony knew it was all for the sake of a ruse, for the convenient excuse that a marriage would give the family to travel, but the notion of Stefen going through with marrying the baroness still left a bitter taste in Tony’s mouth. He tried to keep his petty jealousies out of it as he pointed out what seemed obvious to him.
One of Stark’s eyebrow curved over his highly unamused expression. Next to him Maria ducked her head, her face going red. All of the children were silent.
Tony dropped the ink pen with a shudder and wrapped his arms around himself, feeling suddenly very small and very alone. He thought about the children-pictured each of their faces bent in concentration over their letters to their father- and took a deep breath, releasing it slowly.
Indeed, Herr Hammer’s mouth was twisted up in an expression of intense disdain by the time that Tony reached him, leaving him with no doubt of the man’s feelings on the subject. Hammer turned wordlessly with a sharp click of heels and led Tony inside. Tony had grown up in a grand house so he was not afraid of coming off like an uncultured simpleton, on the contrary he had an appetite for the finer things in life that had gone largely unsatisfied behind the abbey walls.
"How much I need you.” Stefen responded through gritted teeth, censure dripping in his words as he baldly admitted, “If you knew you wouldn't ask something like that."
Steve had lost his faith in prayers. And as if to reaffirm that conviction Grig dropped a bomb on them with his next announcement.
"If you wouldn't mind, Herr Stark," Hammer asked tilting his chin up as if the answer really didn't matter. Tony supposed it didn't. Not to Hammer at least. Tony slipped his hands into his pockets, curling his fingers into a fist and jerked his head in what passed for a nod.
Beside him Steve didn’t move. Instead he took a measured breath and gazed off. Just for a moment his expression changed. Only for a second, it was there and then gone but Bucky could have sworn he saw it. Defiance. The hell?
“You alright there, Captain?” Tony asked, voice hoarse from the misuse of his throat and Stefen’s dazed gaze narrowed on him with a comical amount of affront.
Though he avoided every eye trained on him at the table he couldn't seem to help glancing up at Tony and when their eyes met there was a plea in them, though whether for help or forgiveness was hard to determine.
“Maria, bambina, they’ll have books in Vienna you know.” Tony had admonished, easing her load by taking half the tower in her arms. She beamed up at him gratefully.
He was so focused on their fear that he almost did not recognize that the boy was speaking the same language that Stefen and Bakhuizen whispered in when they thought no one was paying attention. The very same language Stefen had spoken to him the night Tony had tried to waken him from a nightmare and Steve had struck him.
Artur's face wrinkled in a frown of disagreement, but he just sighed and asked, "Will Tony be home yet?"
“Your father has got to go. There’s no stopping that, very important business, can’t be avoided; but that doesn’t mean we’ve all just got to sit around like moldy lumps on a log missing him, do we?”
“Bucky that’s enough!” Stefen’s shout echoed through the kitchen after his, but damn him to hell if he thought he could shout Bucky down like some subordinate. Like he was going to click his heels and say his ‘yes captains, sorry captains’.
And for a moment Tony wondered if Hughard had ever loved him that much… the things Hughard might have been driven to do to protect him if he’d learned there was a threat to them (something drastic like signing Tony’s life over to a monastery) but he pushed the thought away as grappling for straws. He’d never know Hughard’s true motivations. He’d not been given enough data.
And that was in part how, not for the first time in his life (nor even in the last week) Tony Stark found himself staring down into the sullen face of an unwilling pupil.
"My mother's name was Anya Maximoff. She was a Sinti woman and she died trying to protect me and my brother. Will you remember her with me?”
"You think you know what's wrong with the captain?" Harold asked taking his eyes off the road only briefly to glance in the rearview.  Tony could feel Péter staring at him, wide eyed but focused, wondering the same.
Ian let out a sigh of relief and then felt immediately guilty. He shouldn't be happy Uncle Bucky’s papers needed updating but if it meant he had to stay in Austria Ian couldn’t help it. Maybe Peter’s papers would need updating too and they wouldn’t let him leave either.
And then Stefen’s mouth was sliding over his, hot pressure against his lips sending a jolt through Tony’s system as Stefen’s tongue slid boldly over the seam of his lips. Tony shuddered as Stefen’s teeth pulled against his lower lip, Tony’s mouth falling open with a small involuntary moan. As Stefen’s mouth shifted once more and his tongue delved back inside Tony’s mouth he grabbed the man by his lapels, though whether it was to keep his suddenly liquefying knees from giving out on him and or to strangle the man he couldn’t tell.
worried and I’m not a baby like Artur, I can know things! What’s the big deal? It’s just sleeping.” the little boy insisted heatedly, crossing his arms over his chest as he glared at his father.
Steve paled, the thought of Sam hurt, lying somewhere on the ground broken and bruised (maybe dying) because he’d been seen with Steve, because Steve had put him in danger and his gut twisted.
There was a police vehicle blocking the drive with a smaller black state car parked behind it. A man in a long trench coat stood beside the state car, smoking a cigarette as he looked up at their window. There were two officers with him that Tony could see, but he didn't doubt that there were more crawling over the grounds.
It was too dark in the automobile to tell for sure but Steve thought Charlotte looked amused before she turned her hand and tangled their fingers together.
He rested a hand over his bruised ribs, the reality of his situation sitting like a rock on his chest. He drew in a careful breath steady in the knowledge of his mission. They would just have to accept it.
"Yes, I'm the one who wrote you. We ran into some unexpected trouble." Bruce explained slowly, none of the men in the boat moving. Bucky's hands were poised on the boats controls. Ready at a moment’s notice to gun the engine if they should need to flee.
"Tony… Tony please." Stefen made a desperate sound, and Tony shivered as Stefen’s hands grabbed at his hips, grinding their bodies together until the pleasure was almost too much. Tony’s breath stuttered, coming in great heaving pants as he fought back the urge to spill in his pants like some untried boy. Stefen's eyes lowered, and Tony was struck by the way he looked, mouth bruised red and pupils blown wide as Tony drove him toward completion. Suddenly, he couldn’t wait a second longer without having him the way he’d dreamed of having him since Berlin.
“Soon, I’m sure. Damn but it’s an insult! We should have half the continent by now. We have the manpower. Our armies are great, and yet we wring our hands over a weakling nation barley able to stand on their knees. It's a disgrace.” Göring spat, his face blossoming red. He turned to Steve, gesturing angrily as he picked up steam again. “Wasting you on a post that is little better than minding criminals and the like. You should be outraged!”
They crowded around him and Bucky chattering a mile a minute with unhindered enthusiasm and Artur almost knocked them both over colliding into their legs, wrapping one arm around Steve’s right and Bucky’s left and squeezing tight as he wriggled and bounced with excitement.
“Well, seeing how Virgina thinks you’re an odious toad that doesn’t surprise me.” Tony replied and the officers chortled over their oats. Tony winked at Artur who let out a gasp of shocked delight, and went back to forcing down his own dinner. He made a face at the mushy way it stuck to his mouth. God it really was awful.
Stefen didn’t offer anything more, waiting silently for Tony to either add more or take his leave, giving nothing of his thoughts on either Herr Boesch or the state of his family. Tony wondered if that was because he feared being overheard or if it was because he was unsure if he could trust Tony with his real thoughts. Probably both. Tony had his own secrets to guard, so he understood.
“A party?” James asked from across the room, his face drooping in a doubtful pout. “What sort of party can we have out here?”
The twenty seventh day of December dawned cold and grey at the villa, where a dark cloud had descended like something blown in on an ill wind. The house staff had dwindled down to just the Hogans, the kook and the kitchen girl. Julia had not come back to work following the holiday and neither had Hammer. If that weren’t an ill enough omen, the baroness had left the house the night before without warning.
Tony looks at him from across the garage. He’d been talking nonstop and despite the fact that they’ve left any conversation Steve had a hope of following, he looks at Steve like Steve is exactly where he’s supposed to be.
“No!” Now, Father’s shout could have been heard a floor away, reverberating in her ears as he slammed his bedroom door down the hall. She could hear Charlotte arguing with him, strain in her lowered voice.
“No, never. Lean your head back on my shoulder” he instructed, drawing them out a little further into the lake. Ian did so, swishing himself into a plank as Stefen supported his lower body.
They were supposed to have 52,000 men ready for a campaign in Czechoslovakia and, though it hadn’t been specifically ordered yet, Poland. 13,000 of those men were under his and Rogers command.
and Steve was very much alone. But his children were depending on him. Sitting opposite from him was the War Minister and the Army Commander, both of whom seemed intent on peppering him mercilessly with questions about his tour, and the recent speeches he’d given, meticulously picking apart his opinion on everything from new uniforms for the men to how he thought children of the Reich should be schooled.
"Only that they’re only going to buy this story about being sick for so long. Sooner or later they'll send someone here with orders even her Highness won't be able to talk around, and when they do they'll all see the truth. The only thing sick about Captain Rogers is in his head."
"Better go and see what they've broken." Stefen encouraged with a sly glint in his eye and Tony opened them again to look at him, tempted to glare but unwilling to give him the satisfaction.
Suddenly Ian’s strange mood took on a whole new light in his mind. Of all his siblings Ian was the most careful, not because he wasn’t as brave or daring but because it mattered to him to do things
"I know you do,” Tony allowed with a small sigh, gently wiping away the slick coat of sweat from Steve’s skin. “But over extending yourself and doing yourself an injury isn't going to help things."
Excuses could be made for Sara and Maria, but it was strange for their father to be so anxious when they were surrounded by so many people who were supposed to be allies. It was dangerous for him to be so moody. He couldn't give them reason to doubt his loyalty or his sanity.
“James! Tony! We’re about to put the rungs on. Where are you?” Artur called down from the loft and James scrambled toward the ladder.
He’d been a little taken back to discover just how much the character truly did resemble him but had chalked it up to coincidence. What else was one supposed to think? But now he knew better. Oh but still too little he thought as he hurried from the study, pausing briefly to make sure there was no sound from within the hall. The coast clear, he slipped out the door and turned to lock it behind him.
"Aren't you a spy? Why don't you tell me?" Under his collar and out of sight Tony twisted one of the red beads on his necklace between his bruised fingers. It was an obvious tell that he was nervous but it was better than the alternative, which was to pull at his hair and scream from the struggle of standing still.
“I don’t want you! Why can’t Ian help?” he bemoaned, rolling away from Tony’s hands and moaning like someone deeply aggrieved, gulping deeply through snotty tears.
of us in danger. We’re all we have right now and he’s got to learn that.” He tried to explain it, but to him it was too easy to hear the plea in his own voice, the exhausted desperation of someone at their wits end.
“None,” Tony sighed, allowing himself to be guided. His flesh warmed Steve’s palm. It would never get as cold as the mountains, but the sea air still carried bite. “But it’s not unusual for the larger trade vessels to only come to port a few times a year. And what with a war on, they may not be able to cross into these waters at all.”
As he watched Stefen tossing Artur once more, the boys limbs splaying out like a starfish, he couldn't help but wonder if Stefen had forgotten too. He watched them as they played, Stefen’s bright hair stained a golden brown from the water. Every once and awhile, when the children had become distracted by some new trick or game, he would swim a little distance.
She needed a hospital. Steve climbed back to his feet, looking around desperately for someone or something to help, relief and desperation striking anew as he tried to wave down an automobile knocking its way down the street, blaring it’s horn in warning.
Steve sat down, effectively commanding the attention of the table, seemingly oblivious to the tension as he poured himself a glass of water.
We can't thank you enough for being here, for providing us with this safe space to express our creativity and work through our thoughts on family, identity, and the importance of loving your fellow man. It's definitely the story we needed to write for us. We hope there are others out there who can get just as much out of it.
He would not put Harold's life in such danger as that. The sooner he got the incriminating letter out of the house the better. He could practically feel the stolen letter burning a hole in the ceiling floorboards.
“I think it means you reminded her of him. And seven is pretty young to remember so much… but you know, I bet your father remembers a lot.”
“Spiders, bugs and all the other animals. Alright, let's start with bees, she'll we?” Tony prayed the answer would appease him because he already had quite a bit of homework for the night.
Natacha, who taught them dance and whom Tony was sure would shoot a pistol without flinching, did not care what the other girls thought and her father certainly didn’t, but by his silence he encouraged everyone to believe he did.
“There’s something I’ve been thinking about doing. Your father wouldn’t approve… but I think it’s the right thing.”
“You’re dead,” he tried to say, but it all just sounded like the grinding of a rusted engine in his ears and Tony shushed him once more, taking advantage of his gaping mouth to press a spoonful of water to his lips and tilt it until the cool liquid poured over his tongue. Steve swallowed convulsively and winced in pain, triggering a coughing fit.
The hunger for this particular type of assurance was keen. Evident in the way passerby on their street had stopped to gawk and point as the children had arrived with James. Charlotte could do nothing after the fact at their ramshackle rumpled appearance and the noise they'd made upon their arrival but exhaustion from travel and excitement from the prospect of reuniting with their father could be blamed. That and the lack of a proper nanny.
But Bucky never finished the thought because at that moment James broke the silence, voice low but firm… insistent.
Stanislov chuckled at his little joke, and maybe it was just Tony’s suspicions at work, but to him it seemed like there was no real humor behind it. It was all show.
"I was trying to be." Stefen admitted and Tony looked down, trying to hide how much those words hurt, but he didn't think he was doing any better at fooling Stefen this time around either.
That won a small smile from her, but she did not speak for a long time. Tony didn’t mind the quiet because he could tell she was considering all that he’d said. He gave her arm a comforting squeeze, quietly adding, “Don’t give up hope, Bambina. Bucky may find his way back to us yet.”
The captain twitched again, only this time Tony was certain it had more to do with him than drunkenness or illness.
“You’d think that man had violins for hands,” he muttered to himself. “It’s a wonder he didn’t take to the stage himself.”
"Father Farkas did ask me to report to him. I believe it was one of the reasons he sent me here, but it was not mine for coming. Stefen I-"
“When we finally track down your grandfather in Lodz we’re half dead, standing on his doorstep holding our hands out like beggars. He said he didn’t have much, but he had more than we did. A father should feed his child but your grandfather wouldn’t even part with a loaf of bread.
“Exactly right Pepper, which is why we’re just going to skip all the wishing and get right to doing.”
Tony turned to toss the limp rag back into the basin, and Steve struggled to sit up. It hurt like the very devil but he grit his teeth through it.
"You know, I never really saw myself as the mother of seven children. I'll have my work cut out for me." She teased, obviously attempting to lighten the mood and Steve was glad for the change of subject.
The fortuitous arrival of the deliveryman and an afternoon to themselves had seemed like an opportune time for Tony to make good on his promise of lessons in chemistry, and truth be told it gave Tony a reason to keep himself locked away out of sight while Werner carried out the rest of her visit.
It pains me to think of you at a place like Dachau, instead of cloistered in the abbey library on in the garden with your herbs and your bees.
She looked to Stefen for help, but he gave no impression at all that he'd even heard the words going on around him; though she knew it was a pretense. She could tell by his very stillness that he'd heard every word and simply chose not to be of any assistance.
When Péter turned his bike around he hadn't yet decided what he was going to do, but his heart was pounding in his ears as Natacha demanded to know where he was going.
talking to then. He stared at Steve for a moment longer but eventually, Tony gave up and laid down beside him and Steve curled his body to give him more room. In, and not out. In, despite the fact that the closeness of their skin made his burn and itch with discomfort. He had hoped the numbness would stick around longer, but no such luck. Steve breathed through the pain. He could handle it. It wasn’t so bad.
“Ian?” Tony lightly rested a hand on his shoulder. Ian turned to him without a word and buried his face against Tony’s chest and cried.
The man, a shopkeeper named Ludy, like so many others had come to Vienna as a young man to find work, and had been clever enough to prove quick with his hands and an even quicker study at repairing damaged fishnet.
“We will do no such thing!” Countess Schrader exclaimed with afront and Tony tensed. As much as he loathed the thought of Stefen marrying Charlotte, or anyone else for that matter, he knew what was at risk if he didn’t.
“Don’t fucking do that.” Bucky hissed, thankfully keeping his voice low but Stefen could tell he was in danger of losing all control of his temper as he gripped the back of the chair. “You know what I’m talking about. All the damn flirting and the looks. Sleeping in the same damn bed, which arlight the kid was sick, but he was fine by morning and it didn’t stop you from playing house.”
“Don’t be silly,” Magda shot back, for lack of anything better to say. In truth it wasn't a silly question at all. The man certainly looked dead but no, there, he was breathing. His grimy chest rose and fell in shallow heaves, a thin wet wheezing sound accompanying each breath.
“I suppose you might escape even with your hands tied, but you won’t make it far in your condition. I don’t know what it’s like in prison, but don’t be a fool. You’ve got your whole life ahead of you.” She said in parting as she stood looking down at him with a strange look of consternation as well as sympathy. She cooed at the goat, who hoofed around her feet snorting anxiously. She bid the animal to keep an eye on him and exited the pen, latching the gate behind her.
"Listen! "Bucky barked, batting away Tony’s hands only to grab him both arms again and shake him.  "He's fine. Just stay out of shit that aint your business! I don't care how great a lay you are, I catch you snooping around again and you're going to be real sorry you ever saw my face. Do you understand me, Stark?!"
Bucky tried not to slip and break his neck as he slid down the side of the ridge darting between the trees as best he could for cover. He watched Dvorak turn and open fire on the oncoming vehicle and grinned, using the momentary shock of the enemy to his advantage and taking aim at their vehicles.
“Péter’s gone!” Steve rode over his objection, balling his fists as he took a looming step toward the smaller man. “He’s been gone all day!”
“Péter is one of the captain’s children, right?” Bruce prodded gently, mercifully, and Tony nodded blinking away his dark thoughts.
It was the desperate want to claim Tony’s mouth and silence all that ceaseless chatter, the need (so big it’s frightening) to grab him and hold on because everything else just wasn’t steady and Tony has becoming solid ground for them all.
"I hired extra help. I know you are against it, but it is simply unfair to expect the staff to manage a party this size -"
Bucky smirked, and Natacha rubbed her cheek, and then the bridge of her nose. The motion was quick but Bucky read the self-consciousness in it before she tucked her hand back underneath her knees. He was still staring at her he realized and laughed.
“He’s seven.” Stefen reminded, one brow raising incredulously. “That textbook is nearly bigger than he is. Is there anything more suitable for a child?”
“I remember this little boy in Pola, that's where I grew up, who died of a spider bite.” Herr Stark suddenly said into the silence and Steve paused.
“Why did you sleep here?” the question was directed to just over Bucky's shoulder and before he could answer Steve was already pulling away and reaching for his tie, fashioning the knot around his neck with brutal precision. “I'm surprised the smell of breakfast didn't wake you.” he added, offering a rueful little smile at Bucky.
Natacha went still and stared ahead for a long tense moment. Steve waited through it, willing her silently to take the offering. Finally, she began to move. Reaching for a nearby tray of sausages with a small smile hovering around the corners of her mouth.
Natacha would typically be his go to source of information. He trusted her instincts and her insights, young as she was, but on this particular issue his gut told him that James was the one he needed to talk to. Natacha was struggling with a lot of things right now and any one of those things might color her perception.
“It’s Maccabees, James, and you have jelly on your shirt.” Ian said, appearing behind them. He wasn’t alone either Tony noted, looking over his shoulder to find Péter there too with his grandparents. As James dashed off somewhere Tony looked around and found Antonia replacing an empty tray with a tray of steaming latkes, and Isiah sitting in a corner near the stove in the kitchen with Tony’s cousins and a man Tony recognized in passing as the rabbi. He did not see Natacha, but that did not entirely surprise him. He had no doubt that she’d found somewhere to be alone, away from the crowd.
“James, so help me I will lock you in the seller-” Tony made another snatch for James shirt collar, but James darted just out of reach and snatched up another book, this one green with gold writing.
"The radio does not work well Bannführer, we need better supplies-" Bobby tried to explain but he was cut off by Herr Lehmann's barking voice.
Péter had barely closed his eyes after returning from his secret rendezvous with Tony when something poked him awake. Something dull and pointed was jabbing him in the back he realized as he jerked groggily from sleep, eyes widened in sudden terror at the sight of the dark shape looming over him in the darkness.
Tony watched the Avenger as she sped down the river in the moonlight, until she and those she carried were nothing more but a distant glow.
Stefen’s eyes followed the movement of his tongue for one drawn out moment before he raised his eyes again to look into his; and Tony only had time to shiver at the intent he saw in their depths before Stefen had a hold of his wrists and was pulling Tony’s hands away from their explorations. Stefen pushed them down into the mattress on either side of his head and Tony’s breath shuddered in his chest. He held still even when Stefen released his wrists, obeying the unspoken command for stillness as Stefen dragged a hand down Tony’s side and over his belly in slow exploration.
This piece of Natacha's story was inspired by the real lives and sacrifices of Dutch resistance fighters Hannie Schaft, and Truus and Freddie Oversteegen. 18,16, and 13 years old respectively when the war began, they have in recent years been recognized for their work providing Jewish children with safe houses, stealing identification papers, bombing railways and most infamously for assassinating high ranking Nazi officers, often by seducing them out to the woods.
“You don’t have to stay in with me, you can go back. I can manage.” Ian insisted, his head dipping under again.
He was hot. Had he been cold before? He couldn’t recall the feeling now, not even the memory, not with the flick of flames just under his skin.  Every bone and muscle ached. His arms felt like they had been ripped off him and reattached.
The woman raised her hand. Stefen eyed her thin arms and sallow skin with concern and gave Tony a look.
Steve gently pulled his arm free, silencing them all with a stern look.  He didn’t wish to leave them, but necessity demanded it and it wasn’t going to be any easier if everyone carried on like the world was ending.
Tony sounded much more drunk than when Steve had left them. His voice carried that lazy soft slur it sometimes got late at night when they stumbled across each other, similarly exhausted but neither able to find sleep.
Steve took control of the situation by grabbing the headset away from Bucky and handing it back to Tony.
A startled chuckle had burst out of Steve before he could stop it, and Tony’s smug smirk just made him want to chuckle all the harder despite the chance of being overheard by the driver.
He’d work the lean lines of Tony onto the paper. The bend of his legs, the smooth dips and plains of his arms, the way his shirt hung open and his eyes caught the shimmer of the water.
It was worse than he’d thought. So much worse. Stark represented every kind of danger and he’d still done it!
Music was always going to be a big part of this story. TFIOT and I have spent a considerable amount of time researching and immersing ourselves in the music of the era, in order to experience the sounds and know the influences that would have meant so much to these characters. Each piece of music that appears in the story has been chosen with care and with purpose, none so much as Con te partirò.
Without thinking, Steve slipped his hand into his pocket, pulling out his little velvet bag of beads. He allowed himself to marvel once more at their beautiful deep red hue as he rolled a few idly between his fingers.
He was thinking about finding them a way out, and how easy it would be to get lost in the snow, when Natacha sat down at his feet, the cushion sinking beneath her weight. Péter pretended not to notice her, hunching his shoulders defensively. He'd wondered when she'd lay into him about talking to Harry. Tony said it didn't matter now - that Péter shouldn't dwell on it, but he hadn't said it wasn't Péter's fault. Because they both knew it was. He'd been stupid, and now everybody else had to pay the price. Péter swallowed, clenching his hands around his knees.
“They have to leave. Tonight.” Tony said what they were all thinking and the silence in the room hung heavily.
"So stop wallowing." She admonished, her eyes flicking back to him and holding until the tension slowly unwound in Péter's chest. "We need to prepare for what's coming." She was right, and more astoundingly she wasn't blaming him either.
Steve sat back in his chair, tilting his head back to stare up at the ceiling as he forced his breathing to remain slow and even. He’d find her, he thought gritting his teeth, because he had to. Because he couldn’t lose any more.
“He’s a friend. A friend from the abbey.” Tony, realizing shamefully late for a genius what Clinton was likely doing there, scrambled to think of what to tell Natacha, who had her hands fisted on her hips in a distressingly Pepper-like way that did not bode well for keeping Pepper uninvolved.
He glanced up, looking for Stark and found him retreating back to the shore with James, his head bent close with the boys and saying something too low for Steve to make out.
On Stefen's desk in his study was a letter from the Theresian Academy in Vienna, the prestigious boarding school founded by Empress Maria Theresa. It was now just another jewel in Hitler's crown, having been reformed into a national school. A school dedicated to training young men for political, military and administrative leadership in the Nazi state. Which in simpler terms meant it was a Nazi training camp, that would take whatever decency was still left in his boy and pound it out of him.
The idea that the high-ranking members of the Nazi Party might not like his father had never even occurred to Ian before that moment. How could they dislike Da, when Da had given so much of his life to serve the nation?
“We, we have a few workers-” she began timidly. Wrong. Bucky’s lip curled in a snarl and he squeezed her once, increasing the pressure on her throat before she hastily cried out a better response. “My sister! They are questioning my family.” Frightened gray eyes met Bucky’s, tears streaming down her plump cheeks. “I-I found a vagrant. Magda shooed him away. My brother thought that he- that he might still be hiding on the farm, but we don’t know anything! If he was here, we didn't know!”
The man was dead weight as Steve moved him. The child he’d been shielding turned her head slightly to blink up at the new presence. Her face was unfamiliar and older then he’d thought on first glance.
Face clouded with confusion and apprehension Stefen reached for him slowly, his hand touching Tony’s shaking shoulder with excruciating gentleness and Tony flinched away from the touch. Couldn’t bare it just then.
Which was what found him two days later, a loyal officer waiting at an out of the way hotel bar in Vienna for a meeting with a possible spy. Bucky had refused to let him go alone and had arrived at the bar ten minutes after Stefen to keep up appearances. But they might as well have walked in together because it was almost twenty minutes past the designated meeting time and Coulson had yet to make an appearance.
“Am I supposed to know these people?” he sneered in defense and Nik slapped the piano top with a firm hand. Tony jumped to his feet, his fingers dragging over the keys in a discordant jangle of notes.
Logic also said that Stefen blew too hot and cold to be trusted with such a monumental confession. Not so readily. Not until he proved he could take the things Tony had said seriously. Stefen had talked of permanence but Tony had to wonder how much Stefen could really know of his own feelings. He doubted if Stefen had ever been with a man before. How could he be so sure he understood what he was undertaking? An affair of the moment was one thing. Tony had lain with many a lover behind closed doors while bar keeps and bell hops had seemed happy to look the other way, but it was an entirely different sort of risk one took when they tried for permanency and Stefen had the children to consider.
“Leave!” Steve ordered them sharply, firing another shot to underscore the command. “I will shoot you.” Every. Last. One. The boy’s must have seen it in his eyes because they scrambled, off to seek other prey. Steve kept his gun pointed at their backs, turning only slightly to look down at the boy hovering over Emma.
Why the hell was his bed this huge? He wondered as everyone got resettled. Rather an opulent accessory for a guest bedroom. What on earth had Rogers’ previous governesses gotten up to? Then again, he couldn’t help but remember the much mentioned Frauline Glass and her morning visits to the Captain’s room. Should he include that in his letters to Farkas? Dear Father Superior, Captain Rogers is a drunken brute who spends his time neglecting his children and bedding the help. No sign of military secrets under the bed but will keep looking. How are Brother Banner’s vegetables coming in this season?
Dachau was an intimidating complex by any stretch of the imagination. The camp sat alone, parked at the edge of the river and surrounded by tall stone walls with guard towers strategically placed so that visitors could be seen approaching from all sides. There were five buildings in the main part of the camp, the medical ward being the largest and most imposing of the bunch.  There were bars on the window of the tall building. It was the only one who sported such a feature.
“Well then.” Tony announced brightly looking to the children who were waiting with baited breath. “It looks then as if our moment has come.”
He must have dozed because Bucky's shadow interrupted falling over him jolted him awake once more and when he blinked up at him Bucky was standing over him, a towel slung over one shoulder and his straight blade in one hand.
Bucky barked a humorless laugh. Little shit was right though wasn’t he? Nothing about this felt right and no amount of gabbing was going to change that. Fuck.
“Herr Stark. Forgive me, but I should make it clear to you that if you witnessed any odd behavior from Captain Rogers this evening it was a result of weariness and not, as you say, drunkenness. The captain is trusted with matters of grave importance. He is not a man known to indulge.”
They would have to be on the move soon after that, and Tony was determined to outfit them with the tools and skills they’d need for the journey. The children talked tentatively at first of how proud their father would be of all their new skills, as if the hope of his return was still thin ice beneath their feet, but with more confidence as the days ticked by.
The general wasn’t happy with the delay. Schmidt was waiting in the first car, the window rolled down as Dvorak finally exited the inn, his gate leisurely as he pulled on his gloves.
“See, he’s giddy just thinking about it. It’s very important, and it’s our job to see it done right.”
it was a heavy burden for him to carry alone. I don’t know that he’d have done half as well if Tony hadn’t come along.
“Group Captain Carol D’Anvers. Sorry for the dog and pony show but the mail wasn’t secure and we figured giving you my alias was safer,” she explained, fighting to be heard over the rumble of the engine. “Oh, and I have some rations there in the box under the seat.  Sorry it’s not much.”
The children, Natacha most of all, had been thrilled at the prospect of dinner and an evening out at the shops, though James was pouty when he learned that Bucky had plans to meet an old friend for dinner. Bucky’d a pointed look and Steve had nodded toward the card Herr Shultz had given him, laying innocuously on a side table near the entrance to the front hall. He trusted Bucky to meet their contact and get a proper tally on the situation. Meanwhile he needed to have a talk with Susann, the sooner the better. It had been some years since he’d visited … Peggy used to love it down there. They should all go, Steve decided. The children would enjoy it.
“Sara broke that code when she fell in love with a potter from Zadar who was as fair of face and hair as she was dark. Though her potter was willing to travel with them and teach his craft, when she became pregnant with a baby boy her caravan was very angry. They called him
But what else could he do but go forward? Stefen’s way had landed them here. Tony’s way would at least give the children a chance. With or without Tony. Because James was right. A latch on the door wouldn’t stop the Nazis when they came, and they would come.
“I couldn’t save my mother or Yinsen.” he finished, resolute. “I couldn’t save any of those poor people last night, but I can do this. I will do this.”
It was a risk to go running through the dark when the police were out looking for a murderer but by some miracle Steve made it to the house unhindered. As was their usual habit, Tony’s family had moved to the living room after they’d finished supper. When Steve came slamming through the door, he startled them all so badly that several voices shrieked at once and James squeaked and dove off the couch onto the floor.
"… give it here, James. I was using it first!" What sounded like Artur's shrieking was followed by an alarming crash and ominous silence.
“And now I was lonelier, I supposed, than anyone else in the world. Even Defoe's creation, Robinson Crusoe, the prototype of the ideal solitary, could hope to meet another human being. Crusoe cheered himself by thinking that such a thing could happen any day, and it kept him going. But if any of the people now around me came near I would need to run for it and hide in mortal terror. I had to be alone, entirely alone, if I wanted to live.” ―
Updates on the status of Harold and Virginia Hogan and their children.  Asylum, or their freedom if they had already been interned. Following the mission, guaranteed safe passage for Stefen, the children and Tony to Elise Island, where Tony had agreed to build weapons from the safety of American shores.
“Help! I don’t want to drown, Tony!” He was struggling now to keep his head above water and Tony cursed under his breath, jumping in after him.
Maria’s solo was nothing short of enchanting. Tony couldn’t even feel pride – yes the training had been his, but the talent was all hers. The sweet, bright, beautiful spirit was all hers. She was beautiful beyond words, and Tony had to blink back tears.
Tony, burdened with teaching him the error of his ways, ended up in a unit with Maria and Péter. Natacha and James quickly teamed up with Bucky which left Stefen with Ian and Artur. Little Sara preferred to pretend that she didn’t understand the concept of being on a team, darting about to smash snowballs against the legs of anyone who let her close enough with riotous giggles.
Göring considered himself a man of high taste who liked to surround himself with all sorts of luxuries, and his private estate was no different. Built in the style of an alpine hunting lodge it sprawled like a fortress in the middle of the forest, guarded by bronze statues and iron gates.
Tony spent the drive sharing stories from his childhood and Steve was content to enjoy listening, throwing in the occasional anecdote about some escapade he’d had with Bucky just because of the way Tony’s face lit up anytime he started anything with ‘when I was a boy’. It was oddly thrilling to see the evidence of how much Tony truly cared. He wasn’t just out to share a bed together and nothing else.
Heart thumping fiercely within his chest Tony took out another, spell bound by them in a way he could barely explain even to himself. And then it happened.
"Bruce knew there was a risk he'd never be allowed to leave when he agreed to the assignment. And those brothers, they are in prison because they stood against the police when they wanted to violate the law of sanctuary to get at a family of gypsies. If they were here, I don’t think they’d be too afraid to take the risk."
Steve tensed and Charlotte turned her head from the window as if sensing it and offered him a slightly amused half smile.
When little Sara had done her best approximation of a march back into line the captain produced another whistle from his jacket pocket and held his own to his lips again. “Now. When I want you, Herr Stark, you’ll hear-”
Despite getting to bed so late it had been incredibly hard for Tony to get to sleep that night. Damn Farkas; the one eyed bastard knew exactly how to get at a man’s underbelly. Tony had gone to his workshop after all, because there was no way he was going straight to bed like a good boy; not after Nik had cut him open like that. The workshop was really an old stable, gutted and refashioned to suit Tony’s needs and still reeking of horses and hay under the newer layers of iron and oil. It was only a little galling that the workshop itself had been a gift from Nik, after all there wasn’t much need for engineering quarters at the abbey, but it had been a hard adjustment for Tony to come from the bustling shipyards of the world’s biggest port cities to the deafeningly silent and still confines of the abbey. He supposed for Nik, finding him something to occupy his mind had been the lesser of two evils.
The woman’s golden brown eyebrows arched, a calculating tilt to her mouth, despite the sympathetic hum she made.
“Niky,” Tony picked up playing again, refusing to allow Nik’s presence to disturb his peace. Niklas did not react to the pet name, not even to give Tony one of his famous glowers. He didn’t know what it meant that he was almost put out by that.
“Is that all Schmidt wanted?” It seemed highly unlikely but after a moment Rogers straightened and nodded. “I swear to you Rogers if he-”
But Tony and Stefen knew better. They knew that the German people had once said and thought the same things, and the Austrians after them. It was complacency bought with temporary comfort, but it was no less bloody for that fact. Perhaps more so, for knowing better and choosing to close one’s eyes.
"You look dead on your feet." Bakhuizen commented, brown eyes appraising Tony as closely as Tony was appraising him. Tony arched a wry eyebrow and snorted softly in reply.
Before Tony could answer her, Natacha's brush paused in Maria's long dark tresses and the girl asked with her usual directness, "Do you really think James is lying about who they are?"
Bucky heaved himself up to stumble over and take the bottle from Virgina. He hadn’t said much since they’d started, making his way with a dogged pace toward utter drunkenness. He helped himself now to another overfilling glass and turned to top Steve off.
“There’s a shipment headed up to Belgium not long from now, if they’re on it then my girl is docked there getting ready to take a load back to England. How many are we talking?”
His pulse leaped with sudden fear, as the reality of his stupidity sank in. Sure Anamarie wasn’t an officer’s child like him and Gwen, and her father didn’t run a big business like Johann or Harry, but that didn’t mean she wouldn’t find the courage to tell on him. Péter hadn’t needed to spend more than a few hours with her to know that if there was one thing she was short on it wasn’t courage. When she turned and looked at him he felt pinned in place like a bug to a show board.
“Tony...” he heard a broken rasp, realized it came from his own throat when needles of pain shot up and down it. But Tony had the children and he’d keep them safe. Wouldn’t he? He wouldn’t stay would he?
All of the children were clearly well studied. Too well studied in Tony’s opinion. They sat in their chairs behind their desks as if they expected to spend their lives there, eyes glazed as they answered his questions in subdued monotone like monks chanting well known hymns by route (Tony should know).
Tony paused at the door and turned back to look at Stefen at the sound of his voice. The captain had risen from his chair and there was such a look of sincerity on his face and gratitude in his every word as he spoke that Tony’s chest felt tight.
Steve picked his way through the rubble, side stepping an unmoving body face down in the water. The piping must have collapsed he thought as he sloshed his way around the building.
Even the rage behind the words could not drown out the hurt Tony saw brimming his eyes, as if somehow in lumping Stefen together with the people outside Tony had wounded him deeply. But what reason had he given Tony to think differently? Wasn't he always doing his best to contradict any glimmer of hope Tony had that within that breast beat the heart of a good man, and that Tony hadn't in fact fallen in love with a monster?
Artur’s face turned redder but he slowly slid back into his chair, jaw clenched, as frustrated tears welled in his eyes.
Ian shot his brother a mildly irritated look but it lacked any real poison. Bucky stooped enough to hug James tight, pressing his nose into the boy's red lochs and inhaling deeply, as if he needed the scent of him.
“We’ll never make it to the boat.” Tony realized, frustration mounting. “Not if we’ve got gestapo dogging our every step.
Steve tucked the box inside his jacket and turned away, striding from the alley and not looking behind him to see if Bucky followed. Bucky cursed under his breath.
Steve still doubted it but Tony’s voice was sharp and tight with urgency as he slapped a hand down loudly against the sill in demand.
“My orders were to search the entirety of the house.” The officer insisted his spine stiffening and tone broking no argument. He was young and not especially a tall man, but he made up for it with the straightest posture that Tony had ever seen. Every last inch of his uniform was crisp and not a hair looked out of place beneath his cap. If not for the fact that it was a soft honey brown, he would have made for the model Aaryn. God help them, but he was entirely too earnest.
Tony cradled his smarting knuckles as the butler fell backward, crumbling to the floor with a muffled howl, his head dropping into his hands. Tony wanted to hit him again. The bastard hadn’t got near enough what he deserved.
“As far as the British government is concerned, they’re consultants. A naval engineer and a former officer of the Royal Netherlands Army who brought us necessary intel and without whom this mission would be impossible.”
He was losing the battle the tears he realized with mortification, he chest hot and tight as his eyes continued to burn. Wordlessly, Maria slid down from her chair and ran up to throw her arms around him. Steve pulled her into his lap and held on tight. He buried his face against the dark ringlets of her hair, but he heard the sound of chairs scraping and shuffling footsteps as the other children came to surround them. Steve reached for them, trying to hold as many at once as his arms would allow. He could only hope they didn’t hear the muffled sob that escaped from his throat.
Willamina was up before the rest of the house, already deep in preparations for the morning meal with lunch and supper hardly waiting their turn. She'd been in the middle of an argument with Hammer when Tony arrived, loudly proclaiming that she'd served the Rogers family for going on fifteen years and she'd thank him to remember it.
“You remind me very much of your father.” The man smiled slightly as if he found that funny. “I only have to look at you to know you are German. Your sister however is a very different story. A story I’d very much like to know.”
“Shh Stefen, it’s alright.” The man’s low voice managed to break through his panicked thoughts and suddenly it all came rushing back. He wasn’t a boy anymore and he wasn’t home with his caravan. He was in Salzburg, in the house he’d built for Peggy and the person leaning over him was –
“You’re leaving the country?” Coulson turned and looked at Tony and there was a softening in his eyes that reminded Tony of all those times at the abbey when he’d been dragged into Filip’s office for a lecture when Farkas was too busy or too frustrated to deal with him. No mistake, the man could be an evil bastard when it came to thinking up punishing chores, but Tony had always gotten the sense that Brother Coulson was protective towards him. If only because Tony’s wellbeing seemed important to the abbot. Of course, now Tony knew the truth of Farkas’ political entanglements and the deal he’d struck with Hughard. There were a lot of reasons for Farkas to set his watchdog on Tony and all of them were sitting in the bank.
The children had been checked for lasting injuries. Artur's knees had needed dee-pebbling from a hard fall. Tacha's head needed ice, James and Ian both had scrapes and cuts littered all over them but none that looked to need stitches. They were all fine, but Tony couldn’t seem to stop his hands from shaking regardless as he tended to them. Helpfully, Ian took over for Tony wiping off Maria's face and arms while she whimpered.
“What the hell?” He’d snatched one of the papers before Steve could stop him, and had sworn loudly when he’d turned the page over to reveal writing on both sides.
"Wait!" she heard herself call out without really deciding to, grateful for once for the shorter skirts of her uniform as she ran after his retreating back. Even unplanned, she hadn't expected him to stop she realized as he paused at the end of the hall turning to face her. They nearly collided. She managed to avoid running into him and keep herself upright, casting an anxious glance around the deceptively empty hall, mindful of the occupants of the other guest rooms.
“Tony… are you really going to keep James outside?” Ian asked Tony’s back tentatively. Tony didn’t halt his task, responding briskly, “That’s entirely up to James.”
“No Stefen!” he barked with a surge of anger. It was not selfish to protect your family before others. It wasn’t selfish to not want to see those you loved save themselves. Tony clutched Stefen’s hand, imploring him to listen. “You’re barely standing. Think of the children. Must they lose you too after everything else they’ve lost? Your place is here getting well and seeing to their future!”
Tony had a million things stored up that he could say to Captain Rogers, but he’d been so angry after their fight that he found himself avoiding Stefen; just to prevent having to yell at him if they happened to make eye contact.
"Susann has the means to get herself and Frank to London. The borders aren't closed and there's no warrant out for her arrest."
“It’ll need to be done sooner I’m afraid,” Tony responded with an apologetic wince. At Joshua’s raised eyebrow he offered the excuse, “The Captain wants it done before the party.”
The Kindertransport was for children in direr states than his own and would require splitting the them up. Families couldn't support seven children, and Steve, he just couldn't bring himself to separate them. There was still time to think of something else. It wasn't just his selfish desire to keep them close either. His mind drifted back to Strikers letter. He and the children were in a glass box, much like Artur's insects, afforded little privacy when they were so needed to perform in the governments parade.
They'd gone over the plan over and over again before Tony and Bucky set out for Dachau. They left Stefen and the family spreading the story that Tony was tending to a sick aunt and would be back within a week. Tony was to meet Bucky at the station in Munich where he was to take on the identity of the cardinal and Clint his assistant.  Simple work. Not dangerous in the least, except for the fact that they could never be sure if any of their correspondence with the others involved had been intercepted, decoded, and some sort of trap set for them.
“You can trust us, Father.” Ian promised, his countenance dripping sincerity. He looked to Péter for confirmation before turning back to Steve and swearing, “We won’t tell anybody.”
Quill, the wireless operator, talked almost incessantly from the moment they took off. At first it was all old stories, inside jokes, and complaints about a fifth member (Grude) who got to stay behind because they weren’t delivering a payload. He eventually made his way into an enthusiastic debate with Drax (the gunner) about whether French or British women were friendlier to servicemen. It was only ended when and Rocket threw something at the back of his head to remind him that there were children on board. The noise from the cockpit had quieted after that, and the absence of voices had almost been worse than the mindless chatter as it highlighted every other bit of sound that reminded him where he was.
The shelves near his bed were laden with books and they were the first thing he went to in leisure time. What he daydreamed about he kept to himself.
The boy didn’t say a word, just holding on as if Tony were the last fixture on earth. But then again, Tony thought as his hand’s smoothed the blond hair sticking up atop his head, maybe they’d said it all.
“Perhaps never having had a schoolmaster employed in her own home, the baroness is confused between a textbook and a dishcloth.” Tony sneered in reply and Stefen gritted his teeth, jaw working mutinously as he closed the distance between them.
He felt almost worse than he had the day he’d asked Bucky to leave with him for the army. It was stupid that the thought of holding a conversation with his own child could make him so sick to his stomach. But Tony had a point. Péter was nearly a man now, and even if he hadn't been he needed... well he needed something from Steve. Frustration welled up inside of him and Steve fought it down. There was a lot that Péter needed, so many things that Steve could not give him. But Steve could give him freedom. A chance at life, a good life.
“We’ll get them there.” Stefen declared in a tone that conveyed certainty. As if there was no other outcome possible. It would be, simply because Captain Rogers willed it to be.
“Artur Tony has his own bed.” He reminded as gently as he was able but Artur began to tear up, his little face screwing up miserably as he pressed his running nose and teary eyes to Steve’s thigh.
They did finally reach the station, and it was the clogged-up mess people had begun to expect since the Germans had begun enforcing their "Jews Out" policy in earnest. Everybody trying to get out before they were forced into the ghettos and nobody on the outside willing or wanting to take them.
“Have you never seen the flag before Stark?” Hammer snipped with a sniff. “I’m much too busy for silly questions right now. I –”
“The song that you’re playing? I recognize it.” The man in the cot replied slowly sitting up, his face inching further out of the shadows.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Poor Steve continues to be an entire NF album, but hopefully he Tony and the kids will be reunited soon. And so ends the peaceful respite in Pola. The coming years will define Tony and Steve as individuals and I am so excited to share these last chapters with you.  They will be longer, as we have a lot of ground to cover, but updates may not come as fast.
Tony did not show up for his class that afternoon. It took a few hours for word to reach Benjamino and for Benjamino to track down Stefen and Grig, who were doing census work on the other side of the city. Steve’s heart dropped into his stomach at the news. The last time anyone had seen Tony was when he’d left his grandfather at the bank.
“He was here, Major Stefen Rogers, yeah? That’s why the Gestapo were here questioning your people. That's why they took Magda, Otto and Elizabet Hofeiter.” He released her mouth only to snatch her jaw and squeeze her face, his nails biting into the skin in warning before he slowly released the pressure enough for her to answer. She swallowed, her tongue clicking dry against the roof of her mouth.
If James had held a reputation of surliness and black moods before this, then he was now striving to outdo himself. Nothing that anybody said or did around him was agreeable to him. He challenged Tony’s authority at every turn, disrupting lessons with pessimistic and degrading commentary from the sidelines, and ignoring instructions whenever he did deign to join them.
Saying goodbye to the children and leaving them behind in Salzburg was harder than Tony had anticipated it would be. While he trusted Pepper to keep the house running and see that the children made it to their youth programs for two days, Tony loathed to leave her in the middle of Ian and James continued row, and just when Sara was going through an independent phase and was prone to throwing fits if one didn’t allow her to dress herself or suggested that she wear a nappy while she napped in case of accidents.
“Sleep, don't just stay up drinking, Buck!” Stefen said to Bucky when he reached the door to his room. Bucky waved him off, as he continued toward his own room with all the sloppy grace of the truly drunk. He'd refused Steve’s invitation to stay up with him, shaking the bottle in his face.
She was imitating him. Already? Whether it was out of admiration or simple curiosity Steve wasn't sure but for some reason the thought didn’t sit well with him. It only served to drive home how easily impressionable children really were.
“The nature of my business there is delicate and much as I’d like to, I don't know how long I'll be. It's... It's important that I know of everything about the children.”
Niklas Farkas had come to dread those words, spoken in that specific tone, and not without good reason.  They always meant trouble, spelled with a capital T-O-N-Y, and frankly what with Austria under Nazi control and a war approaching he had much bigger things to deal with than another one of Antony Stark’s screw ups.
Clearly Frau Reiner had not taken no for an answer. He'd agreed to the missions and correspondence but he'd drawn the line when Frau Reiner had suggested coded messages through his children. He'd shot the notion down immediately. His children were not to be used for the resistance effort. Ever.
"Farkas! Farkas!" Steve hollered, his voice and the sound of his fist on the door echoing through the empty alley. Even so, he heard something down at the other end, like snow crunching under boots and he swiveled toward the sound, but all he saw was a flicker of a shadow in the snow around the edge of the wall leading out to the street.
Steve tried to smile for her, but it was difficult when he knew she was only making the best of things for his sake.
“People like him, like my Da," Steve continued feeling like he was in a daze. "They think power is the only thing worth having. They'd rather step on their neighbor than risk going a little bit hungry, and they're afraid of anything at all that might mean less for them so they put others down. But I’m not without my own fault. All I ever wanted growing up was power over my own life.”
He let out a slightly hysterical giggle. Captain Rogers had been a mountain trooper, part of the troops who’d filtered in through the hills to use the Italians as target practice. Irony was a cruel mistress. Despite the fact that he’d been picking off his mother’s people at the time, a small part of Tony couldn’t help but be impressed that Rogers had survived at all let alone performed feats as daring as the ones that had earned him those metals. The winters were unforgiving in the mountains. Tony had been tucked away in the monastery by then, hidden away and forgotten while his countrymen had bled into the snow.
“Not as often as I’d like since a certain monk came into my life.” Stefen sighed, but his shoulders had relaxed. He had obviously realized that Tony had decided to let the matter rest for the time being and was grateful. Even if he wasn’t foolish enough to consider it settled completely because Tony would never have fallen in love with a stupid man.
Wuzho: (romany) Clean. Sacred. Pure. This word is the spiritual opposite of unclean. Some animals like horses, hedgehogs, and scavenger breeds are considered wuzho in Romany culture.
He was unpredictable and he talked too much. He said everything he shouldn’t say and refused to lie even as he lived one.
1. Due to busyness with family, life, and work, we've fallen off answering your comments and we feel horrible about this. Consider us trash. To rectify this we've both cleared out a few hours on Friday the 5th where we're going to get together and answer all new comments, and start chipping away at the back log. We love you guys and want to be sure and show our appreciation for taking this long journey with us.
“If you repeat that to anyone else it will be staunchly denied,” Coulson answered crisply. “You will be considered a threat to our operation. I don’t need to warn you what happens then.”
They all watched as Steve took a breath. The hand that he had sat on the table was clenched in a white knuckled grip.
“Well…” Bucky drawled slowly, considering the man as he worked. “Even the crazy get it right every once in a while.”
“Schmidt has family?” he asked, sounding incredulous, and Bucky coughed into his hand trying to smother his startled laughter. The tension broken, Steve even managed a dry chuckle of his own.
Tony did just that, folding the used needles in a cloth and gathering the used linen lying on top of the sheets. He made sure that Stefen’s blankets were tucked around him, keeping him warm before he left without a word. He closed the door behind him with a soft click and let out a long hissing breath. It would be time soon for another dose of the chelant and this time Stefen would be lucid, and far more aware of the pain. Tony rubbed his face, grimacing in grim anticipation. There was a price for everything.
Bucky finished the last of his strudel, a defiant gleam in his eye and Steve pushed the last uneaten bit of strudel on his own plate toward him. It was a peace offering, one that Bucky accepted with a knowing smirk.
“Is that so?” Bakhuizen laughed. “Way I heard it you all came back with heat exhaustion. Hammer says you were in hysterics.”
“Just promise me you’ll keep me in the loop this time. If you accept that I have to know where you are and how to help you Stefen, then I can accept that you have to try to save them all.” Tony murmured hoarsely, his throat constricted by a swell of emotions he had no hope of expressing. He licked dry feeling lips and pressed them against the arm Stefen had wrapped around him, where it was closest to his mouth. “It’s because you still believe in the good in people.”
When Ian asked her if she was hurt anywhere Maria mumbled something intelligible through tears that had them all looking wildly between each other in alarm before Artur helpfully chimed in that she’d said she was fine but was very put out about the state of her new clothes. Tony blinked and caught Natacha’s eye and of all things to happen, they both started to chuckle.
“This one has a sweet tooth and no head for it.” He explained with a terse frown in young Daniel’s direction. The young man flushed as his father muttered, “Woke up with his drawers on his head. His poor mother couldn’t show her face at mass.”
Steve opened his mouth to say that it would. It would because he’d make it very clear to the children what would happen if they disobeyed him again. Strong command kept soldiers alive. An unflinching system of consequence and punishment cultivated lifesaving obedience. He knew that, but he also knew strategy. He needed Tony and couldn’t lose him. Tony loved a man that didn’t exist anymore, but that didn’t have to mean he was gone completely. Steve could adapt his behaviors. Within reason. He couldn’t make that man’s mistakes and watch his family pay the price again, but perhaps a little would be enough to keep Tony happy.
Natacha, who had been looking down at her plate with her shoulders hunched, jerked her head up and stared directly at Charlotte with cold blue eyes.
Tony opened his mouth – to demand to know what that had been about, to defend himself (he’d never called the children stupid he would
She’d relented in the end when the little girls had begged her not to stay behind, but she was refusing to so much as look at him now. Tony could admit he was just fine with that. He’d take James pestering his brother mercilessly over Natcaha’s indignant fury any day. He watched as James, tempted by Ian's focus on Tony, shoved an elbow into his brother’s side just for the sake of it.
Between the three of them they got Steve situated in bed - just in time for him to groan loudly and lurch upwards, and thankfully to the side, as he emptied the contents of his stomach once more.
Artur frowned and butted Steve's leg with his head. Even from his vantage point Steve could see the deep frown on Artur's little face.
“I’m already hugging you!” Artur chirped abandoning Steve’s leg to clasp both arms tightly around Bucky. He squealed with delight when the man stooped and pulled him up as if he were still as small as Maria.
The crowd was deafening. Ian stood rigidly straight as Herr Gobbels looked proudly out over the audience from his place high above Ian’s head on the second podium. The minister of propaganda stepped back, raising his arm in a salute and the noise just got louder. Ian let out a small breath of relief. The speech was done. It had felt like Gobbels would never stop talking and Ian had never stood so long or straight in his life. More than once his vision had tunneled.
"Stefen, I did what Nik wanted because I saw the same thing. Alright, not right away, but I hoped for it. You can't deny that you both want the same things."
“You have a lot of nerve calling my father’s very best friend such terrible names.” she snapped instead, narrowing her eyes at him. She was happy to see his stupid smile start to falter.
He felt the first bullet tear through his shoulder but he kept his eye on his target, managing to stay upright and dodge behind the thick trunk of a tree as the door to Schmidt’s vehicle flew open. The general stumbled out, a pistol in one hand firing at the tree Dvorak hid behind, using the armored door of the car for his own cover.
Tony had encouraged Péter by making that broadcast with him. And if he hadn’t been so wrapped up with the boat he might have looked further into Natacha’s story. Péter might be safe on his way back to school right now, if it weren’t for Tony’s need to prove he wasn’t as useless as Hughard and everyone else had always thought.
Kurt stiffened, his lips twitching in a snarl. Steve could tell he wanted to say more but a glance around the room at all the faces now turned toward them stilled his tongue. He contented himself with turning back to Bucky, his face stony as he quipped, “And you're just as coarse as you were when we met. So I suppose we are both set in our ways.”
Shame at lashing out at his child, then fear and strangely anger swirled inside him.  He shouldn’t be mad and yet he was.
Péter, who was a little bit ahead of them, turned to look over his shoulder with a droll expression and say, “Ian doesn’t give up easily.”
“Are you out here alone?” Tony asked and the girl shook her head.  Steve frowned at the obvious lie.
DISCLAIMER: Do NOT under any circumstances think that you can recreate the medical science referred to in this chapter. Although the treatment Tony uses is grounded in some realism as well as historical accuracy, this is still an AVENGERS FAN FIC Y'all. Don't try this shit at home. You'll die.
And it was at that moment that Tony made a decision that things could not go on as they were. The world might be screwed up but this he could fix. He was good at fixing things.
Once given the all clear, Tony and Clint were led into the camp up to the administrative building. They were smirked at and jeered at by a few of the Krippo they passed but most, Tony noticed seemed fine to completely ignore them.  A few nodded and lowered their eyes respectfully, hastily crossing themselves as if Tony were a scarlet vampire stalking their dark gloomy halls, and he did not know whether that relieved him or depressed him. Along the way they passed through a very noisy area full of barred cells holding men and women in plain clothes, yellow stars betraying that they were Jews. Some were siting in silence, drawing away in fear as the warden passed with his entourage, while others cried out in anger demanding to be released.
Sam’s voice called out to him from across the tracks, prompting Steve to straighten up and look for him. He wasn't hard to find standing out amidst a group of pale faces lining up to board the train.
“We cannot come to Poland’s defense Brother when there is nothing visible to defend her from,” Loki warned in a tone that told Steve he’d said it many times before.
Rogers, who had been chatting quietly with Herr Hogan about the condition of the roads after the rain, turned once the last bag had been secured and the trunk of the vehicle closed with a smart thud and regarded his children.
The moment was strangely reminiscent of their boyhood, of Bucky squinting down at him after landing his ass in the grass from yet another fight. He’d wipe the sometimes dirt, and sometimes blood, off his face and tell Steve what a fool he was. Always dragging out his name, doing something funny with the ‘f’ until it dragged like a ‘v’. He’d missed it Steve realized.
Steve withdrew the small journal he’d tucked within his breast pocket and pushed it across the table towards Franz.
He wondered (though he shouldn’t) if combat was the only way Stefen knew how to let go. Would he be so raw, so unbridled, with a lover? Somehow he thought that even in bed it would be a fight with Stefen. Every moment of pleasure pulled from him in some strange parody of force because he’d never just give it up. Stefen didn’t do anything easy.
“Why not?” Stefan asked, that playful little smile creeping back into play. James perked up, abandoning his place at Ian's side to watch his favorite sport.
“I did.” Tony waved the thought away almost before Stefen had finished voicing it. “But if it makes you feel better, I didn’t buy this. I made it.”
“Or they’d eat him!” Artur demanded once more, mouth dropping open and Stefen laughed, the sound rumbling deep in his chest.
He held out the pistol to Tony, his eyes light with merriment. Tony was half tempted to take it just to keep that look in his eyes.
A chill ran down Steve’s spine hearing his former title roll off her tongue. She knew now. This was it. His time was up. He should have...he should have killed her when he had the chance. The thought tasted sour in his mouth even now, but here they were. Her or him. He had to live. He had to.
“We’d be stopped and taken in. The whole family moving at once when I’m supposed to be recovering will tip them off.” Stefen immediately refuted with a tired sigh. “And it would put Charlotte in a dangerous position.”
“Oh.” Tony, instead of properly answering, had gone back to gawking at the great house lit up with lights and covered head to toe in bright red banners with swastikas, muttering in an aside way, “Perhaps he is short in other areas.”
There was a smattering of freckles on his back, Stefen remembered, just across his shoulder blades. He used to draw them too, when Ian was a baby – used to sit with his wife, fingers mapping blemishes and tracing the delicate line of his child’s back as he tried to capture the beauty of a moment gone too quickly. Stolen too easily.
“I know it was not my place to promise such a thing…” he was surprised to hear himself admit. “But the children seem so fond of Weiss I…”
Rain drizzled off the roof of the Grand Hotel splattering the rows of black umbrellas with the departing guests shivering under them as they waited for cabs and valets with black beetle cars.
I know these words will ring as hypocritical coming from me, but I implore you to be careful and keep your head low. Farkas may be seasoned at these games of politics and lies, but you have always been a much simpler man. And I think better for it.
“He’s a dog!” Hammer sneered and Tony balled his fists. “If it were up to his sort this country would go to the devil. We’d still be at the mercy of the jews!”
“Italian is a beautiful language, much better than French, better than German even. Italian is like spoken water-”
“As does our King.” Siv bandied back with a raised eyebrow. “Odinburg may likely decide that it is better for us to cooperate with Germany than to try and resist them.”
Under cover of darkness the team would spread them around the city while conducting their smear campaign in red paint. Before then there was strategy to consider in order to avoid police and patrols, as well as escape plans to come up with. Though usually they amounted to 'run and don't get caught'.
Susann nodded, tucking the envelope into the pocket of her apron and glanced at the remaining one curiously, but she did not press.
Tony had no doubt that the British would keep their word and shuffle the children to safe houses, but that would not make them
Harold noticed Steve’s arrival first, the broad-shouldered chauffeur nearly knocking into him as he pushed back from the table to help the cook set down another hot tray.
“It’s not the cosmos, but they were impressed by the paper we wrote on ultraviolet waves and their geographical effect on reproduction – ” She paused, her mouth tightening once more and she sighed. “He can’t tell me much about it of course but he expects he’ll be of some help to the project.”
Finished wrapping Jann in the fresh bandages Bucky stood up stating with confidence for the benefit of those watching and listening.
Tony didn’t run from it like he had before. Without breaking stare, he let his fingers trail softly over Stefen’s skin, let the fine hair dusting his arm tickle the pads of his fingers. He watched as Stefen’s eyes lowered to watch their progress, drawing Tony’s attention to the impossible length of honeyed lashes – and Tony gulped, heat pooling low in his belly.
Artry? That had been Peggy's pet name for him. No one had used it in years. Steve certainly hadn’t meant to. It had just slipped out.
"… entirely not the point." He finished lamely and Natacha, finishing brushing out the snarls in her sister's hair, quickly set about braiding it, her nimble fingers practically flying as she answered him.
Beside him another prisoner shifted, letting out an inhuman keen, weak and hollow. Steve wasn't sure of her name, she’d been brought into the research ward only a few days ago. They’d been testing her with some sort of a vaccine. The pale winter light shifted over the incisions on the women's arms and legs, making the puss that had collected in the raised bumps glisten sickeningly.
Damn him, but Stark was right. One could even call him intuitive, at least where the children were concerned, and if Steve could just rein him in, make the rest of his behavior align with some sense of reason, then he might just pass Schmidt's inspection and Steve’s plans to keep the children out of harms way might just actually work.
He’d never change, and he’d never learn. Dvorak would do well to cut ties with him while he still could. Do Rogers in before he could do them both in… but here he was, on his way to the man’s house to drag him out of bed, stand him up, and save him once more from his folly; because somewhere deep in Dvorak, it meant something to know that Rogers would never change. He would always be exactly what he was, and no matter how they disagreed Rogers would have his back, one soldier to another, trusting that Dvorak would do the same.
Tony shrugged, and smiled thinly as he reminded them all that the whole thing was the biggest of risks. It was always a risk to resist.
“Have you not danced with many women?” Jan asked, something knowing in her tone that set Steve on edge and he tensed once more.
While father disappeared with Tony to some place private (some place they were not quite invited) Ian and his siblings stood in the now empty room, shooting each other with worried looks as the grownups quickly went about their business.
The Monarchy had promised social reform, a new and better world for all of them, special privileges and full Austrian citizenship to soldiers and their families. Bucky had wanted to feed his father and sisters. Steve had wanted to be less of a burden to his mother, but more prevalent was the memory of his father reminding him of the proud history of Austria and the men who had fought to make it so. He had wanted to do his part in ushering in that brave new world the Habsburg’s had promised. He’d believed in it.
Tony was still gaping at the housekeepers informal use of his name even as Maria shook her head, looking back at him as if he might grow another head. Then she leaned to her left and whispered something in Artur’s ear and the little boy pinked sticking his hand into his mouth in a nervous gesture.
In contrast Steve was crusted in sweat and grime. A clump of dirt dropped from his boot to the polished wood floor. Schmidt was a shrewd man. He’d meant for them to be off balance like this, for Steve to be on his back foot. Steve held his stare and straightened his spine.
Hammer’s face went red, his smile fixed and fake as he rounded on the housekeeper. “Now, Frau Hogan-” but the woman was having none of it.
A few things before you jump in. PLEASE NOTE. This chapter touches briefly on sex work and sexual assault, which may be triggering to some. There is nothing graphic, and no non-con that happens, but the attitudes around the subject that some of the characters express may be hurtful or offensive. They are not meant to reflect my own attitude on women, their bodies, sex work etc. but rather some period typical attitudes on those subjects.
Tony clamped his mouth shut and Bruce lowered his head, resumed his work on the dying man. Wordlessly Tony stepped closer, grabbing the man’s jerking limbs as he attempted to thrash against the pain as Bruce pried open the wound and dug inside with a pair of tweezers. His hands quickly grew slick with blood as he began to pull bullet fragments from the bloody wound on the priest’s chest.
“What do you mean?!” Steve snapped once more. “What has he done?” Had he hurt one of the children? Steve found it harder to believe than he’d have imagined weeks ago. Stark’s letters kept playing through his head, his obvious fondness for each child leaking through every word.
“I also think it would be very hard for you to serve as our Chief Machinist if these baseless accusations about you being a homosexual were allowed to go on much longer. We will of course, put a stop to them.”
“She’s doing her rounds, but if you can pay for the time, I’ll send her out when she’s done with the rooms on the west floor.”
He introduced him as such as they made their rounds and perhaps it shouldn’t have surprised Charlotte as much as it did, but Stark seemed well versed in social niceties. That was something of a relief, and the evening might still have been salvaged if he’d used any of that considerable charm of his on any one of the numerous ladies vying for his attention.
All he could remember was the words. Peace deal. No backup. They’re calling it off. You’re on your own and if you attack now, it’s on your head.
take the grace of God to help you raise seven children on your own. Ret would burn the house down in a day.”
Since he’d lost his mind and kissed Captain Rogers, the idea of knocking on the door of Stefen’s study after the children had been put to bed and the staff away for the night seemed too big a temptation to Tony. Enough to send his heart slamming away inside his chest like a drum at the mere thought of it.
James couldn’t just tell Ian to ask for help like a normal person though. No, he had to go jumping into the lake like a damsel in distress, expecting that what? The sight of him drowning would cure Ian of his fears and do something
The room Bucky found Major Dvorak in was far from the lavish suites a man of his rank and prestige was used to, but it was no doubt the best room available so close to the camp at Dachau that could be acquired on short notice.
Natacha wanted to tell Emil that he looked like a horses ass, but she was sure it would get back to Fraulein Werner if she did.
He had told Tony that running after four children with rags and a water bucket was character building with a seriousness that might have broken a lesser man; except that Tony had Rogers measure now, and he knew when he was being played with.
"They never made their check point. The Germans are always underestimating how narrow the mountain roads are." Captain Arnold tried to be reassuring, his flinty eyes flickering over to the Major's children for a moment before he edged closer and continued under his breath. "They're probably stuck in a snowbank somewhere, but we can't rule out foul play. If it is the rebels, there's a chance they'll try and take the children."
Steve had asked it offhandedly, just to keep the stilted conversation alive, but he instantly regretted it. Any openness in Péter’s expression shuttered away at the question.
Artur and Steve sat and listened as Tony played on the notes rising in a swirling heart pounding rush until they finally changed, slowing to a more mellow thoughtful sound.
Dvorak barely had a moment to admire the woman's strong constitution, and Rogers apparent good taste in partners, when the man in question surprised them all by pulling violently away from the woman with all the strength available to him, as if she'd turned into some sort of ghoul just inches from his face.
“Shh pisliskurja. Shh.” He soothed her, locking her to his chest as if she were meant to become a part of him and he would simply carry her around always, like a turtle protected in a shell. Natacha clung to him as tightly as she could.
He held up a hand to still any reply from Tony, reeling with the storm of emotions that were clawing through his chest.
“Why aren’t you studying?” In your room, he barely kept from adding. Virginia and Charlotte had made it clear he couldn’t keep the children from moving around the house, but the idea of her somewhere he wasn’t aware of still set him on edge. He wasn’t sure he wouldn’t snap one of these days if he found an empty room when he’d expected her to be there.
Steve had thought he’d carefully laid out what he needed from Father Niklas. Someone level headed, obedient, loyal, disciplined, and consistent. In retrospect what he'd needed was a soldier in the form of a monk. Someone who would pass Reich protocol but remain loyal to him.
“Where’s Steve?” he grunted, stooping to begin unlacing his boots. They were the worse for wear from the long journey and he would warm quicker with dry feet.
Steve blinked rustling the papers on the desk, his dry eyes weary of pouring over documents. He was currently examining the new plans for police dispersion for the city, a special request handed down from the Mayor who often relied on Steve’s proven gift for strategy and sound judgment.  Over by the window Assistant Chief Olasz turned toward him, his expression pinched but expectant. He was clearly as eager as Steve to wrap up their business for the night and go home. Maybe if they finished soon, Steve could surprise Tony and the children at the Music Hall. It was unfair to keep avoiding them. It wasn’t their fault he’d failed to protect their brother.
“Oh wow.” He breathed in awe, changing is trajectory on a dime and making a beeline toward the boat, an eager hand reaching to touch. He glanced quickly back at Tony for reassurance. “Is this a racing boat?”
“I’m sorry,” the captain interjected. “You were sent by the monastery for me, for my household, correct? Are you always so talkative?” Tony frowned, almost too distracted by the implied insult to notice the slight way the captain had slurred his words. Tony watched as Rogers made a move as if to rub his hand over his face but aborted the motion at the last moment.
“Is everything alright?” she called down and Steve mustered up what he hoped was a reassuring smile.
Tony’s eyes flicked to Stefen wary of his reaction but Stefen made no move to interfere. He looked thoughtful, almost wistful, and Tony wondered at it.
Jesus, his little voice was tiny in the morning. Bucky dropped his head into his hands and snickered lightly to himself. He was finally beginning to understand his own father better.
“There were a lot of Austrian’s living there in those days, but they were mostly Navy from what I remember. We were big and only getting bigger, made up just under half the population. There were Croats and others thrown in there too, but mostly it was the Italian’s, and they didn’t like the Croats any better than they liked us. They weren’t too happy about being stamped Austrian or building warships that were just gonna blow their countrymen out of the water either. That’s the thing about land, you can draw whatever lines you want but unless you win the people, it doesn’t mean shit.”
Then why did you exactly? No, don’t answer, it’s obvious. Overcompensating. Like how you tell everyone you meet that you were educated at Berkley but anyone could see by the ink stains around your cuticles, that couldn’t be further from the truth.
Bucky’s da had the most animals of anyone in the famila, and Steve recalled long summer days in the fields with Bucky, chewing on breadsticks and making up games that only they knew the rules to. Bucky’s favorite game was to imagine the kind of bride his father’s goats would pay for him, and what traits could be traded for what price. Was it two goats and a chicken enough for someone curvy and slender? Perhaps a finely crafted pot thrown in if she had a sense of humor.
Though most of the children just stared back at him suspiciously (as if they were being tested) Maria hummed her agreement with a nod, smiling approvingly at him and Tony’s lips twitched with amusement. He’d already been forgiven as far as the little ones and Péter were concerned but the apology (much as it hurt his pride to have to give it) was still important.
, a frail frantic voice kept wailing in the back of her mind. That frightened child within her who refused to die. Who made stupid mistakes and then wanted to cry about them. Her fingers dug deeper into her legs as a low snarl twisted its way out of the tightness in her throat.
“James please, don’t grab my neck so tight.” he pleaded gently after a moment when the boy’s grip threatened to choke him. He rubbed the boys back soothingly as James blinked at him, eyes wide, coughing up dribbles of water.
"Lehnsherr has powerful friends, who wish to put a stop to what is happening at Dachau but their effort was only partly successful. Their mother was fatally wounded and Lehnsherr chose to stay behind to give the twins a greater chance at escape. As for their trauma... " Stefen's voice was very grave and Tony's gut twisted with a sick feeling as Wanda and Pietro's haunted faces filled his thoughts once more and he saw again their scars and those strange numbers stamped onto their skin and shivered. "Tony I have heard many troubling things coming out of Dachau, things I know Schmidt is desperate to keep quiet. They can't be discovered here."
Tony would hate it if he knew how she still clung to the Nazi mottos, but he was biased. Emotional. Not here.
“They’re family,” Natacha snapped impatiently in reply, turning on her heel and heading for the stairs. She gave them both one last glare over her shoulder as she shot back, “You should know better Ian, as much as you squabble with James. You’d be there for him even though he told someone to throw up on you wouldn’t you?”
“I wanted to speak with you before your visit with Frauline Werner tomorrow. It means a great deal for the future of this family." He began and Natacha narrowed her eyes.
“Nonsense,” Pepper scoffed, though Tony thought she didn’t look entirely certain. “I’m sure he was just trying to scare you.”
Steve forced the emotion back down where it couldn’t slow him up anymore. It wouldn’t help him do what he had to do.
The sun had set long ago but the party played on. The lanterns cast a warm glow over the garden, highlighting the roses blooming in everyone’s cheeks. Red noses were going around aplenty but there was enough beer and mulled cider flowing, that nobody seemed to mind at all the loss of the sun or its warmth. Nobody except the Osbornes who had begged off as soon as they saw the mayor and his crowd making their goodbyes. Harry had chosen to stay behind to watch Péter open his gifts.
“The Laendlr?” Ursala questioned, slowly releasing the strand she still held of Natacha’s hair as the girl nodded and stepped away. The older woman looked impressed, noting that not many girls Natacha’s age were interested in the old folk dances.
He’d just tucked the gun into his jacket as Frau Hogan came bustling around the corner looking harried as she tied her robe tighter about her night dress.
Rachol and Stefen had both given up the past to survive in the present; to find love and build new lives. They resented Bucky for holding on, for reminding them daily of what they’d let go of by not doing the same. God knew he’d had chances. He thought forlornly of Laura. The woman who’d loved him and wanted to make a life with him. He’d walked away from her during the war to watch Steve’s back. Because he was rom and
“No Herr Stark,” the Captain snapped and Tony fell silent. He seemed to regret something of the brusqueness in his tone because he took a breath before he added, a tad gentler “My children don’t play.”
“You mean Uncle Bucky?” Artur asked, his head aching with confusion. He didn’t like this man and didn’t understand why he was asking all of these questions, but he knew he was bad. The man wanted to hurt Artur’s family, and Artur was afraid he’d say the wrong thing.
“I’m sorry. I – you're right. We’ll lay low.” He said, turning back to Bucky with as much apology as he could stand. It wasn’t much but it was something.
Rogers held Tony’s gaze and Tony could see the anger in his eyes. He wasn’t a man who liked to be cornered. But he wasn’t made of stone either and Tony refused to balk, meeting the man’s stare and digging deeper for some hint of what he might be feeling behind that stony mask.
So, Stefen had not been forthcoming about his impending nuptials. Had he even told his children yet? Was Tony really so selfish that he expected the man to tell him his plans before he'd even spoken to his own children?
“It’s a song for when you’re feeling bad.” Tony explained. “When I had trouble sleeping my mother would sing to me about her favorite things.”
"No. I'm certain of it in fact. That is the problem. I'm certain that I’d love to stay with you and finish the children’s schooling. I’m certain that I would enjoy many happy years in your house and in your bed."
“You and Stefen have the worst definition for laying low of anyone I’ve ever met.” Jann scolded him when Bucky had dropped down from the tree he’d been hiding in. She’d come out to the wood, following the coded signals he’d left for her scratched into various surfaces around town. He grinned, shrugged, and got down to business.
“Tony? When you went to the abbey… were you scared?” he finally asked in a small low voice, looking back toward his tutor. Tony got that look on his face like he wanted to pull him into a hug but Peter was glad he didn’t with Bobby and Harry watching.
“Mussolini will not allow them to do what they have done in Germany. The Germans will not come here. Don’t worry, bambino. I’ve prayed on it, God is on our side.”
“We must round the children up, keep them together and keep them quiet” she said, pressing a long thin skeleton key into Tony’s palm and the monk nodded silently his agreement.
She nodded without speaking, grabbing a fistful of pamphlets from the satchel and leaving them stacked between the lamp posts. She cast around in the dark for a moment before she found a loose stone big enough to weigh the papers down before rising once more. She grabbed the satchel and he grabbed the trunk with the brush and paint.
. He could go his whole life without acknowledging the insanity that lived under his skin. It was dangerous to look at and risk setting free.
“Do you think this might be our end of the line?” Steve asked, gazed fixed straight ahead and beside him Bucky’s glass clinked on the countertop.
had to. That’s what I’m saying. Bucky didn’t have to.” Steve repeated dully. “He was the son of the Rom Baro. What food there was, his family got it first. He would have been one of the last ones to die."
"Don't give me those eyes Captain, if you were in Bruce's care, he would have drugged you already with some horrible tea."
“Why not start now? Between you and I we could build an atomic reactor! We can get the proper tools and together I’m sure we could figure out how to isolate U-235, and if we can’t, well then maybe there’s a way to create our own element. That’s possible right? It has to be possible -”
Rogers had calmly told him of the border conditions, the starvation and humiliation those who had immigrated suffered.
There were two armed guard loitering near the front step. They came to attention as the driver opened his door and came around to open Tony’s, their stoic expressions telling a tale of boredom. But one of the men did a double take as Tony stepped out, his eyes narrowing in consideration before the light of recognition sparked in them.
“They won’t reach town for a few hours yet. Countess Schrader is loath to travel at night. They’ll be here in the morning when you wake.” Not that Tony expected him to sleep. They both knew he was in for another night of restlessness, only made more impossible by waiting on a razors edge for the children to return. Tony crossed the room to the bed and spread the blanket out over Stefen’s lap and slid back in behind him. He made sure his legs were still halfway off the bed to avoid suspicion if they received a surprise interruption.
It was quiet for a moment while Stefen appeared lost in the past and Tony mused on the boys they had been, and the grandfather with the skills to make instruments. There were so many pieces to Stefen, so many unanswered questions still, and it still might be his undoing, but Tony couldn’t help but want answers to them all.
He listened solemnly as she continued, her tone and her step still light as they walked, “Some people, are gardeners like Sam. They nurture, defend, and toil, even when it hurts, because they can’t help but want to watch something grow. A flower can’t thank the sun for nourishing it, but it turns it’s face towards the sun as it blooms. That was all James ever wanted from father. From any of us.”
Tony glanced over his shoulder, drinking in the way Stefen’s eyes looked lit up in the lamp light. Awake. Aware. Alive. “Right here, Cap.” Even from the dresser Tony could see the stiff tension in Stefen’s body marginally relax at the sound of his voice.
Tony inched backward, as if to put greater distance between him and sight as Stefan hitched his son’s legs around his waist, his stomach flexing with the added pressure, water clogged shirt clinging to him like a second skin.
“They were trying to cross back over the border. A squad had lined them up naked and weeping. Bare like that, you might not even know they were Jews but for the circumcision. One even looked a bit like you Senior Leader.” Khalmmer recounted with a wan smile. “I suppose it made me feel a kind of sympathy, but when I asked he confirmed he and all his family were Jewish. We shot them, children and all. They fell back into the ditch like sacks of meat and I… I agree with Rogers. There has to be a better way. A kinder solution.”
“Why are you doing this?” She hissed at Cameron instead. “Father said he’d take care of you both. Why are you stealing from us and running away?”
But when he wasn’t wincing at the beating the bikes were getting Tony’s smile was beaming. This was far more like it. This was how children should be: messy and excited (innocent) and not somber eyed and buttoned up in uniforms for causes they had no hope of truly comprehending.
“Let’s go!” Tony barked, grasping the other man’s arm as he dragged him and Clint toward the exit, heart pounding in relief turned exhilaration.
“Maria had a surprise for you. She helped me tend the bed of enzian I planted a few years ago. I'm just afraid they won't keep until your return. We never know how long you’ll be gone.”
Steve twitched, trying to cover his surprise and then feeling irritated that he’d been caught off guard. Of course, Kroger had been talking about Charlotte.
The overhead shower sputtered to life, spitting out cold hard water. Steve and the others shuffled around the bench, trying to catch the stinging water as it pelted their raw skin.
“That attitude is exactly why I was chosen, and boy you fellas sure do make a woman’s job easy. I already spoke French fluently because of my father, and I had higher scores than any of the other candidates,” she tartly answered while executing a sharp turn that forced Stefen to lean into the door and Tony into him. “You know, I expected more from
He tried not to let it, but it always hurt the same watching Stefen pull away. It was not lost on Tony how unmoored he was despite all their best efforts. He swung into rage with little provocation, and affection when it was offered, came as a form of apology. Tony wasn’t ungrateful for the effort, but it had begun to burn. It itched at the back of his mind with wrongness. He could not devote the time to figuring out why. It was just one more thing wrong in a sea of things that needed fixing. And on the scale, ‘
Oblivious to the nostalgic turn of Tony’s thoughts, James asked, “Did you know about the mackie bees Tony? Your uncle said that they were just like us, hiding and running from the bad people who did not want them to be Jewish, but they fought back and that’s why we light candles and get to have a party.”
Was that why Tony wouldn’t tell the truth? Steve didn’t want to die. Being a solider was his life. It was so much bigger then Tony knew. So much bigger than Steve's own life. He couldn’t leave his children to the world the Third Reich was building. He wanted to tell Tony this, make him understand. He opened his mouth to do so, but the words froze in his throat.
Steve’s mouth twitched. If he had done that to Herr Hammer, the man would have had a fit. Well, perhaps not if a royal had made the command. Hammer did so admire the wealthy and powerful.
Secondly, and far more relevantly, Stefen Rogers (national hero, the skinny boy who’d lied about his age to join a war, survived to single handedly rescue his entire company and push back the enemy forces) was deeply and profoundly terrified for his children. It was suddenly easy to see right through him, right to the fleshy heart undoubtedly beating rabbit like within his chest, and easy to see how one could so effortlessly rip it out.
"I need him." Tony immediately snapped. It wasn't even a complete lie. There had been two pairs of hands involved when Tony assisted Bruce with the initial experiment, and there was no telling what surprises lay in wait. It was better to replicate the experiment as exactly as he could and he trusted the steadfast chauffer with a lot, but he trusted Péter more with knowing how to handle chemical agents.
No, it didn’t make Tony feel much better to think about planting mines in neutral waters whose neutrality he knew damned well neither side in the war respected, all while the children’s safety remained uncertain. And judging by the muscle ticking violently in Stefen’s jaw, it wasn’t working on the captain either.
"I don't see how. They don't look a thing like us." James had insisted, glancing around disdainfully at the other children with their gaunt faces and dark hair. Not for the first time since the train had started moving through the countryside he shivered, hugging his arms tightly to his body. He was pressed up so close between Artur and Ian that he shouldn't have been cold, but James still felt like he was standing outside on the platform with the wind biting through his sweater. A tear rolled down his cheek which he sniffed away with a dark glower.
"Yes, and they'll find nothing but stacks of papers.  The important thing is they'll never find this." Tony ran his fingers gently along the side s of the case, trailing over the decorative knobs that lined the side, searching for the right one.  And there. He pressed the button hidden in plain sight and grinned as the font of the case flopped open, revealing the hidden compartment.
Tony had come into his office, wanting to talk about scheduling a time for the state examiner to come out and give Péter the exam so he could begin his secondary education at a public college in September.
Péter sat at the servants table, out of the way of the women’s work, toying with his kodak with a deeply pensive expression set on his face.
Bucky's cigarette snapped between his fingers and he dropped it, crushing it under his heel viscously.
He trudged back up to the campsite behind the others, keeping an eye on the rear of the line for any small bodies that might stumble or otherwise deviate from their path, sternly keeping his eyes off of the captain’s rear (even if it was beautifully sculpted and splendidly presented in his soaked trousers).
Tony’s heart slammed in his chest as he twisted to look back in the truck bed finding Péter’s wide eyes stared back at him through the glass. Tony smiled bravely for him.
"It wasn't your fault, and I'm sure you did everything you could." He murmured. Tony could feel Péter trembling against him, and he wrapped and arm around the boy's shoulder, pulling him into a tight hug.
The door closed behind the busboy and Tony heard the lock slide with a click that rang in his ears with finality. He stood frozen, staring blankly at the lavish sitting room without really seeing it as the sound of footsteps retreated outside the door.
. Honest. And Herr Stark had lived through the great war! He should be as brave as Péter was trying to be. Braver! He should be helping calm the girls, and helping Péter explain it to Artur who was pale and terrified because Péter didn’t know what words to use! He couldn’t just walk away from them.
Natacha strolled past, a handful of little white flowers in her hand. She handed one of fragile things to Sara who promptly began to take it apart with glee.
We sincerely hope you enjoy this chapter and want to take this moment to thank all of you. We couldn't have asked to be having a better time with this or be 'meeting' so many great people.
“I’m sorry Baroness she just burst in,” Milthede apologized, running in after her, and Charlotte waved the apology and the woman away. She had the feeling that whatever had brought Virgina to her home with such haste wasn’t for any ears but their own. Indeed, as soon as Charlotte’s housekeeper shut the door, Virginia was advancing on Charlotte with a determined step.
“Easy Steve, easy.”  Steve thought he said. It was harder than it should have been for him to decipher Tony’s speech. It sounded slurred in his ears. He was slumping against Tony he realized and that couldn’t be comfortable. Steve struggled to stand up straight. Tony’s hands were stroking over his arms, his voice was humming very soothingly. “It’s okay Cap, I’ve got you.”
He didn’t know details but Tony didn’t need specifics to know that Rogers was up to his neck and sinking fast. He knew what type of man Captain Rogers was supposed to be, as surely as he knew that he’d never be that man. Rogers wore the uniform of a Nazi officer because necessity demanded it but it was as much a sham as the robes that Tony had worn at the abbey. Maybe Stefen could never be at home in that uniform because that boy that Tony had heard about, the soldier boy who defended the meek and stood up to tanks, was still alive in him. Or maybe that was just Tony’s foolish heart, getting dangerously mushy again.
When your father realized he could no longer keep the family together, that must have been difficult. Take us through that conversation. How did he explain it to you?
Blinking back the burn in his eyes Steve took a shallow breath, gesturing for Ian and Péter both to move closer. They did, wordlessly, sitting close so that their knees brushed his upon the bed.
Thinking of Natacha and the other children led to thoughts of Tony as it so often did. The little family Steve had begun to dream of was just within reach. After the Führer was gone, things were going to be different he promised himself.
"Tony will continue to teach you, and I'm sure James will visit when he can just as he does now. I think you’ll love it, children. It’s very metropolitan.” Charlotte said quickly, wary of Natacha's silence and remembering the way the girl’s eyes had lit up in Vienna. “You'll have the best of everything.”
Steve could never forget. The war he’d survived and the war he’d taken inside of him never let him forget that by his creed, Steve was not the inventor of solutions to obstacles but the mallet used to destroy their sources.
“Look at you,” Schmidt sneered down at him, his face swimming above Steve. “Down in the dirt with the rats.”
Good man? He didn’t think so. But these days he thought that if he could somehow get back some of that skinny Roma boy he’d once been, he might not land somewhere half bad.
Maybe she had cried that day and maybe she hadn’t, but the first thing she did when they finally pulled up to the villa and Frau Hogan was there, throwing open the door to rush out and meet them, was to burst into tears and run into the woman’s arms. There was some yelling and commotion from the rest of the children as they were set upon by Charlotte and the rest of the house staff, which quickly dissolved into tears and weepy accounts of their ordeal. The bravery that Steve had demanded from them reaching its limit now that they were home.
“Did you imagine soldiering, quite like this?” Fischer’s quiet voice in the silent car took him by surprise.
Steve stood at attention just inside the door and gave a short general salute. Schmidt’s exactly lips turned up in a parody of a smile, like a dog’s did right before it bit.
The mood lifted drastically upon the announcement that Steve had changed his mind about throwing an elaborate Christmas party. Charlotte was pleasantly surprised, and Steve could see the relief in her delighted smile. The children were excited about the prospect of food and music. They asked Tony if they could sing, the canceled winter concert back on their minds now that the dust had settled.
Steve blinked down at the smudges of pencil in shock. He’d switched from drawing Johans to drawing Tony at some point and had not even realized it.
Perhaps, some snide voice in the back of his mind poked at his conscience, perhaps Stefen kept secrets because Tony kept secrets.
That was the great crime of it all really, she thought to herself as she finished penning the letter to Margrit’s parents. There was so much love poured into Stefen’s home. The way that he and Peggy had loved each other was seeped into every last crack.
Tony had seen the starving, the ill, and the derelict up close. He'd fed hungry mouths, and prayed over dying bodies because they'd begged it of him, and had tried for their sakes to ignore the painful ache in his heart wrought from disbelief.
Tony had been dealing with the nightmares and the waking dreams, the shivers and sweats, all on his own for years; he didn’t know why he had such a hard time picturing the captain dealing with the same weakness but he could definitely imagine him pushing his family away and refusing help because of it. Stubborn idiot.
Tony placed Maria carefully back into the water, even in the shallows the water reached to her waist (there was one Rogers who had not inherited Caps height) and watched the interaction.
The woman was edging closer. She probably hadn’t realized there was enough chain on his manacles to pull his feet under and bring his arms out front. Just a few more feet and she would be in range. It would haunt him, strangling this woman, but he would find the strength to do it if he had to.
Staring deeply into the cup like a gypsy about to read tealeaves Stefen remarked with surprise, "That's very good. Your Cappuccino?"
Steve closed his eyes with a shudder. He never should have let Tony go. He was alone to face the terrors behind his eyes and the possibility of Tony and Bucky both being dead haunted him endlessly. The awful thought kept eating at his mind that he was to blame if Tony was dead. What sort of man was he to send his lover into harm’s way? Bad enough sending his best friend to do his dirty work, but at least Bucky was a soldier. Tony wasn’t. Steve should have protected him better.
“I want to partner with Uncle Bucky.” Steve felt a pinch of what he only realized was hurt when Péter crossed his arms and impertinently drawled, “You said he taught you everything you know anyway.”
It was Tacha. He would have recognized the sound of her footsteps even if she hadn't spoken. Péter turned over and she crossed the room on bare feet and slipped into bed beside him. Péter tucked his covers over her, and her cold toes nudged his feet as she wriggled closer.
Tony swallowed thickly finding the packing part easy and the picking up and going part much more difficult than he’d anticipated. His fingers tightened around the handle of his luggage but his feet stayed firmly planted in the middle of the workshop as if time would simply stop with him as long as he didn’t initiate further movement. He was frozen with indecision despite the fact that the decision had already been made. The time to go had come and past and he was more than capable of going out into the world and proving to it and himself that he had something to contribute. He would
Tracking an injured man through the wilderness sounded like an easy task, and might have been, if not for the complication that Bucky was a wanted man himself and every officer between them and Munich was engaged in the search for escaped prisoner ‘Stefen Gavril Rogers’, who was injured, slow, and would surely have been captured if Bucky had not been there a step behind.
) to ask what had gone so terribly wrong in the space of hours for Natacha to behave this way – when the sound of running footsteps drew both their eyes to the door and Ian came bolting in, terror plastered across his face.
He was still shirtless he realized almost too late. If he had any luck left at all they were too focused on Stefen to have noticed him.
“Their first night in the city loaded up on sugar? They’ll crash by midnight.” Tony snickered. “And I hope you enjoy skinny elbows and pokey knees in your back because Artur is adamant on sharing with you.”
He still tasted faintly like the cream from desert, and wine, but also like himself. Just the way Steve remembered from earlier in the afternoon. Steve could spend all night exploring his mouth just like this, but Tony’s hips, rolling against his, sent sparks through his head, made something tight and urgent wind deep in his belly.
"You shouldn't let me get close to you. You'll get hurt," she warned, her voice sounding small and hollow, but Bucky's chest moved up and down with the rude sounding snort he gave in response.
“He’s been that way since his wife passed I’m afraid,” Pepper answered with an air of quiet sadness that told Tony not only of her fondness for the Captain but also for his late wife. “Though you might not believe it, this used to be a house full of laughter, oh and music. The Captain’s wife loved to dance. They would throw such wonderful parties people used to say this house lit up Salzburg.”
He looked over at Natacha, observing the practiced motion of her needles. She had gotten incredibly accomplished at knitting, though he’d never have guessed it would be something she enjoyed so much. Then again, he’d never have guessed that she’d be prepared to take a man’s life at barely fourteen years of age either.
"Gadje..." Péter tried the word out after she'd practically spat it at him, heaving the clump of pulled grass into the water. He recognized it he realized with elation. From the story Father had told him and Ian about Baka.
“Magda.” She finally declared, and Steve knew it was her name though she didn't elaborate on a sur-name. It would be harder to kill her now that she had a name.
He found the pills Frau Hogan had left on his desk and downed them. It took a moment but he managed to tame his sweat styled hair and gingerly switch his clothes for fresher less wrinkled ones. It was time he pull himself together, take care of the situation before it endangered his family any more than it already had. He would go to Vienna right away.
"He wants me to be happy,” she amended gently a moment later. “But he's worried about me being so far from London and he’s not overly fond of the Germans. My father works in parliament you see and Alex is only a minor diplomat, but he’s so passionate about his work. He and daddy argue every time they are in the same room. You know how men can be when it comes to their politics.”
Steve was down the steps quicker than his own mind could process it, and Tony was in his arms a moment later.  Steve held him tight, Tony’s body locked against his, his fingers digging into Tony’s back in an attempt to drag him closer while the world tilted and swayed around them.
“You’d be correct. When you’ve had a chance to bathe and come down to breakfast, you’ll find Artur is already in his jacket and boots.” Tony replied. Steve gave him a curious look and Tony explained with a glint of humor in his eye. “He and Ian helped Harold sharpen the axe this morning, for the tree we’re all going to go cut down. I should warn you, there was talk of crossing the lake to find the biggest.”
“I – Of Course not.” He finally snapped, and Dvorak arched his eyebrows in question, crossing his arms.
“Harold! It’s good to see you,” Bucky exclaimed hopping from the car to envelop Hogan into an enthusiastic embrace, a shark toothed grin splitting his face wide at the driver’s startled expression. Bucky never had held with propriety. Steve watched them with an exasperated smile.
Stefen's eyes searched his slowly. Whatever he saw on Tony's face made his shoulders tense and his mouth pull down in an expression of sadness.
“Father?” Ian asked, uncertain, and Stefen tightened his grip. Pleading with Stark silently as if the Angel of Death had appeared on the bank to demand he hand over his son. And he didn’t know how, but he could see it in Stark’s eyes that he understood. He knew.
There was little to report any how, except the niggling contradictions the Captain presented and not just him. Frau Hogan knew more than she was sharing, and then there were the children’s ‘frail constitutions’. Tony snorted. He’d never seen a healthier lot and yet every time he broached the subject of getting the children out of the house and out into the world he was met with a list of their ailments and the strict routines they must follow to remain healthy. Péter had the worst of it if the family doctor was to believed. Tony didn’t know much about heart conditions but given how Péter slunk about climbing in and out of windows to see that friend of his looking the picture of health while he was at it, Tony saw no reason the boy’s heart should burst over a trip to public school.
“An investment?” Kirk’s eyebrows arched. “The last I heard the kid joined a monastery. I didn’t think he was involved with the business. It’s a shame, because if he had half of what his father had Stark Industries could use it. The Führer  just rolled out his plans for a new fleet and with what he wants they could use him.”
“Schliersee.” he named the little town in the mountain valley. As close as he dared to let her get. It was a long moment where they both stared off at the mountains on the distant horizon before she answered.
“Father?” he tried again. “I need my buttons sewn on. They’ve come off.” His father cocked an eyebrow at him. Ian’s face heated. This was a stupid plan. Da would see right through him. He could have gone to any one of the maids, he could even have gone to Tony.
“If you don’t like Tony’s way, think about the fact we don’t know when we’ll be able to eat again. You’ll cry later if you don’t eat now.” Natacha murmured out of the side of her mouth, popping the last bite of hers into it and chewing almost daintily. Steve stared pointedly at Tony’s barely touched plate and then back up at Tony, who rolled his eyes but dutifully returned to eating his own portion.
And why not. Steve was a wealthy man of importance and she was a beautiful Baroness, kin of his late wife even. Perfect match.
“How does it go?” Natacha asked softly, blinking blue eyes sleepily. Though Tony had the strange feeling that the show of soft sleepiness was more for her father’s benefit than anything else.
Bucky continued to look at Tony as if he were one of the darker mysteries of the universe, but Stefen’s mouth had curled upward in a slight smile of fondness that was entirely too charming for present company.
“German?” Tony inquired and Grig shook his head. “An Italian, no military or government distinctions. First, he asked for Antony Stark but Carlo became suspicious when he started asking if we have records for an Antony Carboni. He sent the fellow packing on privacy grounds and alerted me, but he may come back.”
But Ian and the older set were certainly old enough to understand defiance when they saw it and could easily decide to complain to another adult. Tony would be arrested and taken to jail where he’d likely be found guilty of treason because the trial would be a sham and he had no intention of pleading anything but guilty to the charges. He’d be sentenced to death.
Father could hardly excuse him anymore by exaggerating his condition when all of Vienna had seen just how whole and healthy Péter was.
” the little french boy huffed, not bothering to dispute the issue of sticky fingers. “Isn’t worth nothin.”
He’d been looser, that night they’d drank together, but not at ease. There had still been something tense coiled tightly within him, some specter behind his eyes that only he seemed party to. Not the way he’d been when Tony had come to his study to warn him about Werner’s snooping.
As the fireworks burst over the park that night Péter wondered if they were high enough for the whole city to see. There was something nice about thinking of everyone in Vienna under the same bright stars and colorful lights. He wondered sometimes (even if he was either too afraid or unsure of who to ask) how it was supposed to be that some people were better or worse than others when the universe was so huge. What did it matter what you looked like or how much money you had? The sky sat over everyone, and they were all equally small under it.
“Just reminding this piece of trash to watch his mouth. There are ladies present.” Tony answered, flexing his fingers to work out the numbness in his hand. Trust Hammer to have a hard head.
“I better go,” Natacha said with a note of resignation, and Cate squeezed her hand and whispered something quick in her ear before dashing off.  Natacha walked slowly stopping just in front of Tony. He didn’t keep her waiting. Snagging her by the elbow, he pulled her back inside the hotel, ignoring the stares of the occasional maid they met as he searched for the nearest washroom.  When he found a lady’s room he all but shoved her inside it, demanding that she wash her face and not come back out until she was decent.
"It's just that, one could make the mistake of thinking you wanted me to survive this escapade unscathed. I'd have thought the exact opposite given all your glaring and snapping." Tony gestured to the whole of Bucky's person as an example and the ex-soldiers face darkened once more with irritation.
They glared at him, ominous as crows and Tony stood for a moment in defeat, battling a sudden and punishing desire to turn tail, morbidly aware of the life he was leaving behind (the safety). Tony gripped the cold iron bars in his hand and let his forehead fall against the gate. He found himself wondering again what it was for. The good of everyone.
Tony folded the letter back into the drawer and sighed loudly. It was too quiet for seven children. Something wasn't right, the children were plotting or turning up trouble and Tony would hazard a guess that Natacha or James would be at the helm of it. He'd seen the look they'd shared his first night, it wasn't hard to figure who had decided on spiders in Tony's bed.
He’d been struggling with the decision to send the children away. He'd heard of people in the countryside taking in children. England, France, Switzerland , they were even making a profit out of it. While he knew it was perhaps bitterness that caused him to think so ungraciously, he could not think on the prospect with anything but.
“Stop! I mean it. They will hear you.” The woman warned, desperately lunging at him. He saw her hands coming toward him, grasping, and terror shot through him. Steve wrenched backward, throwing what was left of his strength into it. There was a loud snapping in his ears just before he crumpled onto the ground in a tangled mess of rope and limbs.
he'd told Natacha, and she had wrapped her arms around all of them, forcing them to skootch together into a tight hug. They'd clung to her, even James.
Tony had left the children to begin their own packing while he helped Harold in the garage giving a last tune up to the old car that had once belonged to Frau Rogers, trusting that they were mostly old enough to know what they were about.
Natacha nodded numbly, the words sinking inside her with a chill. Bucky took her hand and changed the way she was holding the blade, moving each finger into position and squeezing his hand around hers encouragingly when he was satisfied, muttering softer but with no less conviction.
Why? Because there was passion between them? Tony would be a fool to stake his life on a stolen moment and a heated stare. A man could feel any number of desires. That did not make him safe or trustworthy, or the sort of person to stake one’s entire life on. Tony had this fantasy, that Stefen, just as fearful of the Nazi regime as he, would pull Tony into his office one day and announce his plans to flee the country. The family would seek asylum in Switzerland and let Germany eat itself alive, and Tony would go with them because were else would Tony go but with his family?
“– and was very much in love with her husband while she lived, so I would refrain from making such comments in the Captain’s hearing. In fact, if I were you Stark I’d focus on not saying much to the Captain at all.”
Over on the bed Rogers continued to struggle with the physician, pulling strength from somewhere as he thrashed away from the doctor's hands. It was amazing really. Dvorak had never seen him so ill, so broken, and still the man fought with every breath. It was disturbing in a way to witness. Dvorak tried to ignore the troubled sounds coming from the bed. But Rogers made it difficult as he grunted and began to moan and mutter words of gibberish. Some of it German, some of it foreign and slurred that might have been polish.
He relived every moment. Good and bad. Playing them on loop inside his head until his eyes burned from staring so long without blinking. He rolled the beads of his necklace between his fingers and remembered Christmas, decorating the tree and dancing with Natacha. Longing, wishing, aching, to be able to dance with Stefen the way he’d wanted. Searching for him within the crowd...
She hadn't told anyone. She didn't think her father would like it if he knew, and Tony would look at her with sad eyes that she couldn't bear. Bucky wasn't looking at her that way, but then again Bucky had always been different. He'd always encouraged her to dance while her father worried what people would see when she did. Her parents had always encouraged her to know her own mind, but there was a war between that and their need to protect her from the hurts they’d suffered. They’d betrayed their own ideals with subtle frequency she knew would break their hearts if she cared to shine a light on it.
They had seen little of each other since the borders had tightened. The ban on jazz and American music had taken a toll on Bucky and his business. The young musician had taken to producing music through the cafes and nightclubs, traveling back and forth between Berlin, Vienna and Budapest. He’d been restricted to Budapest after border crossing had tightened in the last year.
“You should hear the rumors going around. It’s indecent for you to be shacked up here, playing nurse maid!” The woman was hissing like a riled-up cat at Charlotte, pacing the length of the drawing room with anxious strides. Charlotte for her part looked deceptively relaxed from her seat, watching.
Previously that had been in the garage, but finding himself too often in Harold’s way he’d migrated to the attic. Which he’d been forbidden from entering now that it housed the world’s best radio (which admittedly probably really would be grounds for arrest and questioning if anyone saw it) but that night especially Tony really wasn’t feeling gracious toward the captain and figured what he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
“I see it’s a flag, but who told you to put it up?” Tony interjected tersely, and a woman’s voice along with the smart clicking of heels answered him.
The office was only so big but even from his place by the door Steve felt he couldn't be far enough away from the man. Schmidt lifted a shoulder in a mock shrug, the smile still a rictus on his face.
Fair or not. There were so many things he’d do, if only he had met Stefen before all this. Before there was no time for anything but the fight to survive.
No one could know what they were. They’d be rounded up and shipped away. Father would never allow them to be taken. He’d fight, and then he’d die. It made her want to vomit, just thinking about it, but she was strong. She was not a child to hide away from hard truth. The truth was, war could happen any day now and when it did Father would be called back to active duty and then… then he might still very well die and leave them alone in the world.
Tony bites Steve’s ear gently between his teeth and it sends electric shock straight through his stomach to his groin, but just as quickly Tony soothes the area, languidly running his tongue over the sensitive skin. His hands drift. But his intent is very clear.
