Normally, Steve doesn’t like it when Tony drinks at parties. It’s a subtle thing, a sip when someone makes a joke at his expense when he doesn’t feel needed. Steve hates when he relies on the bottle as his best friend at a party.
“Show time, Cap.”
“Yes, you do. You once threw out a hot chocolate during Christmas because I forgot-“
Like Tony was the one who was going to wake up and get rejected by the one he loved.
It’s obviously true, though. The good Captain’s eyes follow him when he moves, and every time their fingers brush it’s an event. The way he smiles at Tony- no one’s ever looked at him that way before. Pure unadulterated love, knowing and sweet like greek ambrosia, and it’s heady and addictive.
“You do?”
And he walks away.
“Tony,” Steve says, pulling him into a hug. Steve is brilliant at that. Steve could hug you and put all your broken pieces back together. “I missed you.”
It was the best kissed he ever had, the sensation of it overloading his senses, bright, perfect, stars- everything was wonderful, like there wasn’t another way to be a person. The whole firework, butterflies, I-have-wanted-you-from-the-first moment kiss moment.
“He knew. Rogers. He’s known for a while. I was pissed, I fought him, and he stuck his shield into the suit at a point.”
“Okay,” Tony says back, because what can he say? “Please don’t be a stranger,”
He sees Tony around. He’s infuriatingly lovely and it’s
Steve wants to laugh, really, fucking
wants him in the way he’d have when he was young enough to always have hope of love, not just when he convinces himself. There’s so much of him that just wants Tony to be all his, to be loved by the kind of man who’s presence fills the room so much you can’t help but adore it.
that.”
God. Maybe Tony had never wanted him in the first place. Awful presumptuous to think that Tony Stark,
This isn’t the first time they’ve said so. They want to meet him, and they’d probably love
Not only has he not
On a Monday, he works up the nerve to ask Tony why he’s not scared. He knows that Tony’s
I want to take him back with me.”
“You basically are, at this point.”
That sounds like- it does, doesn’t it?
“Should is how I feel,” and just as he was enjoying it, Tony moved his hand away from Steve, only to put both hands around his neck. It’s a wonderful feeling.
Tony had said that to him. Not that he didn’t want him, but that Steve didn’t know what he wanted.
though, never waned to share a part of themselves, never wanted to be kind.
wants to see a ring on his finger and know he put it there. He wants to know what Tony feels like, wrapped up in his arms, how he sounds in the morning when the sun is rising and he’s only awake so he can cuddle him.
“The doctor says reworking old patterns will help speed up the process,” Bruce says, making him a coffee, “And it shouldn’t be too hard. We’ll all help.”
and be Steve’s. But Steve- he isn’t going to want this in the morning. And he’s probably going to hate him for even hoping.
He didn’t have anything to thank him with, so he hung around Dum-E, and drew him handing Tony a smoothie, and gave it to Tony.
There is no reason to be upset.
he’s two seconds from just
“It can get bigger?”
” Tony’s voice is
“Tony, breathe,” he said, and he’s trying not to enjoy Tony clinging to his arm, looking for comfort. ““They’re not going to think you’re a prick. They’re going to like you, I promise. They’re super chill.”
look, when he goes steely and focused on what he has to say, “I haven’t had you look at me like a stranger in years. I think it’s best we keep a bit of distance until you remember at least a little.”
“His name’s Peter,” Tony says, whispering, focused on him now, “He’s just a month old. He’s doing so well. He has a heart condition, so the first couple of weeks were pretty scary, but he saw us through, didn’t you, honey?”
Steve drew, their first kiss, the first
of affection, that marvel of a man- he was in front of Steve. Decades have passed, but Steve never forgot.
“You were gone for
Steve laughs. It’s funny how wrong a fucking
“You loved him, once. You were ripped away and- you’re allowed to want him. I wouldn’t blame you. I just wanted to make it easier.”
Tony is a great name. Suits him, and he’s smiling at Steve, that’s lovely, he should keep that going, it’s so pretty-
It’s a week later, when he remembers something else, big.
Steve pauses, an answer Tony doesn’t know lingering in the air, and Steve swallows as though it’s all his pride.
“Nosy.” Tony’s nose crinkle is so cute Steve might melt.
If he thought that, he was sure as shit wrong.
“Even then, I’m sure we’ll be fine. You still love me, I’m guessing.”
“I know,” he laughed, finally pulling away.
“What do I normally do to help?”
He doesn’t Steve around much for the next few days. For someone who claims to have a weak spot for him, he’s fairly good at avoiding him. When he does see him, Steve’s gaze lingers. They eat breakfast together, Clint talking to him about the work he’s doing and Nat fixing his bed hair (apparently Steve used to be a big part of why he doesn’t look messy around the house anymore). Steve
him, the kind of love that makes you never want to stop looking, the kind of love that keeps your gaze glued to the object of your eyes.
“Why don’t I hold you?”
Tony smiles and walks off, and takes Steve’s fantasies with him. And for some reason, Bruce sipping tea makes him a ridiculous kind of anger.
too many cards on the table at once, and he’s gone bright red.
It’s crazy how easy it is to tell Tony all this, when he’s holding Peter and listening with wide brown eyes, sympathy but not pity in them, and after Steve is done rambling his life story to a man he’s known just for weeks. It feels like he’s known Tony
Steve tried not to look at him, tries to tear away his gaze away, because of all things, getting stared at by a vampire, even if you were Unhuman, wasn’t the best of things. But the kid was so, so beautiful, smelled like everything he could
“Yep. And, he and Bucky have been practically in a QPR for the past year at least, but neither of them has the guts to actually make it official. Annoys the heck out of me and Riley.” Tony chuckled lightly. “Riley?” He asked. “Sam’s boyfriend. I don’t see him as often. He works weird shifts, but when I do we always seem to come around to complaining about those dorks.” He smiled, nodding his head in the direction Bucky had exited.
Eventually, he decided against calling. Shoved his phone back in his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his sweaty hands with.
It was a busy night and none of the patrons were taking much care about whether or not they brushed up against one another as they moved through the crowd. Placing hands on hips and shoulders in the polite casual way that tends to occur in spaces that are filled with queer folks and queer folks alone.
They would take it slow. That was important to Steve. Learn each other as they went. Gradually press deeper as they created their own dynamic together. They would keep having these conversations. That was important to Tony. Regular check-ins, debrief after play. Be honest with one another, work to be on the same page.
They’d chatted about their jobs (an artist/barista and an engineer respectively), where they grew up (Brooklyn and Manhattan; Steve got the impression Tony was from old money), and where they went to university (nowhere and MIT; Tony had ducked his head and apologized for assuming, Steve had been impressed.) Yet, somehow it had never been dull. Even as they meandered their way through what could have easily been boring small talk, the conversation was kept alive by random jokes, short anecdotes, and the odd flirty comment.
But, Steve knew him better than that. Whenever it was just the two of them, Bucky didn’t even bother with feigning body language at all. Thankful that Steve had never been uncomfortable with Bucky’s lack of much in the way of facial expressions and whatever other nonsense supposedly comes naturally to allistic people.
“Umm.” He started, still feeling that he owed a better apology than he’d managed to give. A gorgeous man comes up to him and the first thing he does is ogle him without so much as a word of hello.
None the less, the stranger smiled, stretched a hand across the table, and said “Tony.”
“I wouldn’t mind drinking this with you.” He managed, holding up his gin and tonic, by now slightly more watery than it had started. He was almost surprised at how smooth the suggestion sounded.
“What are you drinking, baby?” He asked, and the unwanted term of endearment immediately turned Steve’s stomach.
It wasn’t something that Steve always asked for or wanted in his dynamics. He had nothing against some casual play. Or a hot roleplay. He didn’t get the impression it was something Tony always asked for either. But, here and now, with the two of them, it felt important.
He felt safe with Tony. Not that he wouldn’t use due caution. He’d only met the man that night. And, he appreciated Bucky’s concern. But, this evening was going better than he’d ever imagined it might.
“Your technique is flawless.” Tony commented. From most people it would have sounded like a compliment. From Tony it sounded like an observation. “I didn’t expect that. You don’t have formal training?” He trailed off, making the statement a question.
“I can’t just…” Steve tried to argue, but Bucky cut him off.
Steve looked around a bit frantically, standing in place, legs splayed out, ready to move in any direction. He wanted something, anything to do. It was quarter to eight and his nerves were way too high to be standing around doing absolutely nothing. But, as he slowed down a bit and actually took in his surroundings, he was forced to admit that there really was nothing left to do.
Steve ordered both of their drinks, happy to have something structured to do and well aware that this form of interaction would just make Bucky anxious.
When he pulled away, Tony glanced down again. “Thank you.” He said, and Steve couldn’t quite read his tone of voice.
Her lips quirked upward, "Well, if you want to put in a floor for me. I'll keep the apartment too, though. I need my own space, Tony."
"I'll give Bruce a pass," Tony replied, grinning at her. "But Rogers is getting drunk."
"Me?" He was almost certain there hadn't been any images of him from the attack.
“Of course,” he said, looking away, the thought of Phil reminding him why he wasn’t talking to her.
"It's what it feels like."
"Well, that's the thing with grief," Tony said, not quite approaching the ledge. "You sort of trip over it whether you mean to or not."
Setting him down gently, Thor stepped back. "It is a holiday, is it not? We are celebrating it together and I am sure you and Steven will not fight again."
"With charm and dignity," Tony replied primly. His mouth twisted. “That’s the plan anyway.”
Natasha nodded once, "Something like that."
Loki's lip curled up in a sneer, "He's a fool if he thinks that the person he misses is still here."
Hackles going back down, Tony leaned against the wall, crossing his arms and watching as Thor bent his head to say something to Bruce, nodding seriously at whatever it was, Clint having joined Rhodey and Steve on the other side of the room, coffee in Rhodey’s hand as he used the other one to gesture as he spoke.
“’m fine,” Clint managed, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “I’ll finish the popcorn even. Go watch Star Wars again.”
Clint gave them a long look and Tony considered. "Hey, Steve. Feed the Asgardians."
"You're taking in strays.  You know that's how I started.  Though I started far younger than you did," came the self-satisfied response.
Steve sighed, looking at the bag slung over his shoulder instead of Tony. "At least that's the only answer I have for you."
“Would it help?” he asked and Steve hesitated before he shook his head. “So no, I don’t dwell on things when I can help it,” Tony said before he leaned up, smearing a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “I’d rather dwell on something else.”
“I—” Tony started and blinked. “Run that one by me again?”
"I don't know," Tony said, considering it again. "He lived in India a long time. Seems to fit the aesthetic in a more mild way."
Bruce shifted back from where he had heard most of the conversation, glancing over his shoulder at the hall briefly yet held his ground beyond the initial shift.  Natasha neither moved or gave an indication if she had known he was there or not.
Bruce entered the kitchen about an hour after they had all returned, a new shirt and clean pair of pants on. He barely registered that Clint was there as he moved over to the stove to set the kettle on for tea. Once the water was heating he turned and blinked at the sight of his teammate, “Oh.  Hello, Clint.”
And somehow, after some rolling around and constant distraction where Tony forgot what he was doing when Steve sucked a bruise into the side of his hip, he got a bottle of lube on the bed and Steve's fingers inside him.
Steve responded before he thought about it, turning his head so Tony missed his cheek and caught his mouth. One arm slipped loosely around Tony's waist to balance him. Startling, Tony almost fell back but then he remembered what it was like to kiss someone and he reacted on automatic before the reality of who he was kissing hit him. He started to move back even though his mouth became more desperate.
“One,” Tony replied and considered. “Half. Maybe. Parts of three that equal one?”
"Yeah, but people make all kinds of assumptions off what they see anyway," Tony said, sardonic twist to his mouth.
She nodded, rising easily to her feet and resting her hand on his shoulder, "Good luck."  She slipped past Bruce and disappeared down the hall.
"Because you are you," Thor said, as if it really was that simple.
“What?” Steve muttered, buried in the bed.
Bruce shrugged very slightly, "Calmer than last night."
"Really?" Thor asked, looking over. "That is good!"
"Or they might still surprise you," Steve murmured as they reached his floor.
“You did,” Thor said. “And there are things I am not ready to forgive you for yet. But,” and he sighed, rubbing a hand over his forehead. “I will not turn you away in a moment of weakness either.”
“He’s doing fine,” Tony said and paused. “As much as he ever does. You know, he talks about you a lot,” and he didn’t like the way Thor’s face twitched at that. “Stories, things like that. Mostly we just had a drink and exchanged barbs and went on our way. He’s not really been doing
"You have any idea why Thor called in a three day rainstorm?" Tony asked instead of replying to the question.
"Which you would never in a thousand years report to me on anymore," Fury said, meticulously pulling the paper apart, mostly watching her. "I thought for sure someone would have snapped and tried to throw someone else off the balcony. It seems like a powder keg, all that ambition and daddy issues and alcohol."
“Now would be such a creepy time to say how long I thought about that,” Tony said, staring at the ceiling.
“He wouldn’t be strong enough yet,” he replied. “And I am not ready for the search yet. First thing tomorrow we will set out, or I shall with any who wish to accompany me.”
"Oh! You're Xavier! I get it now!"
Clint had stopped hanging up the lights and now just looked like he was watching a train wreck, Tony's expression down right daring Steve to continue. Steve drew a deep breath and finally looked away, backing down from the fight.
A-A-A-A
"Regenerative cells too," Steve countered.
"And Stane?" Steve kept his voice even, "I know he was Howard's business partner, but beyond that."
"You have, yes. It doesn't change the fact that your idol is living in your home now," Pepper replied. She pointed to a particular pattern of tile, "What about this one?"
A-A-A-A
"And you are," Steve repeated.  "Call someone if you run into Loki again, yeah?"
Setting the book down, Bruce glanced between them, focusing on Clint, "What happened?"
"Stupid things like proper drinks, his history," Tony shrugged. "I know a lot more about Asgard now, just from throw away comments."
"Well, you walked away this time. So did Tony," Bruce shook his head, sensing a rumbling in the back of his mind, "And you're both damn lucky."
"But still it must be—" Clint started and shook his head. "I mean, it can't be fun, either."
"You could, you know.  Pack and go.  I'd go with you, watch your back.  Or not as you prefer."
"Calming down.  I find it soothing," Bruce explained, turning to face Tony.  "You really think I should go after him?"
"Wait you still have—Pepper, that is unacceptable. Destroy it immediately."
"It must be nice to be so rested," Victor said, smiling behind the mask. "So why are you coming out of cozy retirement now?"
Bruce's smile was wide, "Exciting though.  It appears we need to duel for our meal any time we want to have fondue.  Which is too bad."
Pepper appeared in the doorway, carrying food that looked slightly more nutritious than doughnuts, but paused when she saw everyone congregated there, "I heard Rhodey was coming, but what is going on here?"
"If I'm going to start remodeling floors, yes, I believe that would be more than three days," Tony replied, hoarding his coffee.
Thor slammed the door open to Tony's room, having gone through the entire floor. "Anthony," he said, Tony startling awake from where he'd fallen back asleep curled around Steve. Steve came abruptly awake, half sitting up at Thor's voice.
That earned a crooked smile, "If you say so, I’ll believe you."
Natasha looked up from where she was considering the twelve-sided Rubik's cube from Steve, "No explosions."
Jane laughed, shaking her head, "No, really, they are, I mean Agent Romanov flew all the way out to New Mexico to pick me up last night.  And no matter what the conflict was during decorating, they still all gathered around for this morning. So, yeah, I'd say they're good people."
"Except you had a choice and you just decided to give it up," Clint said, pushing himself to his feet. "And that's unfair too."
"Alright," he allowed after a moment. "If Jarvis would be so kind."
"You mock me with those words. I would say that Odin Allfather was rather clear as to how little chance there was," Loki snarled, shoving against Thor again and considering how quickly he might reach the concealed knife he carried on his person.
needs to conspire about your health."
Bruce tapped on the wood of the bar as he passed it to string lights up by the elevator, "Don't jinx us, Cap."
"Go for it," he said, waving a hand and seriously considering retreating once Thor was gone and thus not likely to literally carry him back again.
“I’m a purist,” Clint sniffed, exaggerated.
"So we're safe then,” Clint said, eyes going up to the ceiling as well.
"From my own bomb," Tony said, not saying anything one way or the other about the terrorists. "Look, it's in the past, it doesn't matter."
And he knew exactly what sorts of ties he could buy Phil and see them on his lover on the SHIELD base weeks later. Sometimes when he felt daring he would wrap his hand in said tie, seeking a quick kiss in a quiet hallway.
"Like you're one to talk, Stark," Clint murmured.
"Supposed to be...?" Steve let the question hang, holding himself shockingly still, Tony's hand barely not touching him.
"Maybe," Tony said, sounding doubtful. "I mean, sure, everyone is different, but she lied to him. That's gotta sting, above and beyond losing his lover."
"What are you going to do regarding Stark?" She asked, shifting the topic.
She rested her arm on his shoulders, her fingers combing through his hair, "Personally I’m not sure what I think of such high level of probable surveillance."
“Trust is relative at this point, brother,” Thor said. “You have lost much of it. But there is always a chance to earn it back.”
"It's not possible," Steve reminded him as he finally located ingredients for omelets.
“You wound me, you know that don’t you?”
Tony squirmed underneath, wanting to cover the arc reactor because some days it still felt foreign and others it felt natural. With Steve looking at him it felt foreign. “I thought I said don’t.”
"Rogers," Rhodey greeted, rising to shake his hand. "What do I owe this to?"
For a long moment Thor just stared at Loki before he abruptly burst out laughing, causing Loki’s spine to stiffen in offense. “You think—is that what any of this is about?”
“I’ve been reading the news,” Loki said when Thor had only gotten a few steps away. “New York has been unseasonably rain plagued. More than that, the meteorologists can’t figure it out. There’s no weather patterns to explain the thunderstorms.”
Bruce pulled his coat closer again, "Right, of course.  I still should have been more aware of what I was saying."
"Yeah, they're handled," Clint said, forcing a smile he really didn't feel.
"Well, people say flattery will get you everywhere," Victor said, setting his suitcase on the ground. "Including out of the country."
Tony ignored the scrawling text near his hand, glad Jarvis was not verbally trying to get his attention in that moment. "Who says there's anything to do? You made up your mind about me before you met me. Though, to be fair, I had a whole lot longer to think about and judge you before meeting."
Bruce's lips quirked and he finally glanced at Tony, "You're welcome."
So while this story was being written your authors were pretty much in grad school (2012-2014) and by the end of grad school VS was getting like four hours of sleep (or less) every night and discovering a fun and new neurological condition (not related to the lack of sleep) while Medda was just basically suffering because grad school is sorta terrible. Which is why this story remained basically untouched for just about three years. But like, people still seem to be reading it and bookmarking it and giving us kudos and there's still something like
"Well, who are you currently looking for a gift for?" Natasha pushed off the shelves to follow him.  She thought about calling the others and letting them know that it would be a while yet, but decided to wait a few more minutes.
"I don't know, I've always liked pretty explosions," Clint said, and could still get away with the easy banter because he knew Phil hadn't been killed by an explosion.
Steve hesitated for another moment, but nodded, thanking him again and turning to head down the hall and see the rest of the floor.  He would get to sleep when he got there.
like you right? Apparently we both do but I wasn’t just catching his feelings.”
“Doom,” Loki said, lifting one shoulder slightly and letting it fall. “As I said. I expected nothing less in the long run.”
"It doesn't change the fact that they ran into you hard enough to apparently break the plane," Steve protested. Natasha sighed and started to rise, but paused when Bruce set aside his gifts and went to help Clint in the kitchen before she could.
Bruce leaned into the touch, "Something like that, yes."  He paused for a moment, before reaching up to let his fingers ghost along Clint's temple to his hair.
“I’m going to assume you’re saying you all in a human race sort of way rather than an Avengers sort of way,” Tony replied, arching a brow over toward him. “Are you going to eat that olive?”
"No, I mean we are," he said. "We just don't act like it. Do we? Am I missing something?"
"Hey I—" Rhodey started and stopped. "Alright, I didn't know either. Of course that might have had something to do with the blinding rage. Which I realize now he was doing on purpose."
“Playing on my sentiment?” Thor asked, and he couldn’t quite help the bitterness that inched into his voice. That caused Loki to look at him, something like fear in his eyes for a second before he hid it again. “Is that what you are doing?”
"It was cold and hungry," Steve repeated.  "I couldn't just leave it."
"I wasn't there, I don't know.  But the ornament was gone and they weren't talking about much by the time I arrived," Natasha stretched, keeping her gaze on him.
He huffed out a breath. "It's the principle of the matter, okay?"
"I am fine," he said with a tired smile. "Come, I should show you the city. Or at least introduce you to Samuel if Clint would let him go."
"You're my hero," Tony drawled and Clint just shook his head, starting the burner.
A-A-A-A
“Really?” Loki asked. “That’s exactly what you want to ask me right now.”
"I'm still trying to figure out why he's here," Clint said with a tiny frown.
"What about you?" Clint asked, still not looking over. "I mean, it's your first Christmas in this era," he continued.
"Good," Clint said. "Just not so many other surprises, right?"
"A big one," Thor said and paused. "Perhaps smaller than I would prefer. Anthony's fireplace is not as large as I'd like."
"Well," Tony shrugged. "Building armor, dealing with the press, seducing—or more accurately being seduced by I suppose—national icons. So it's been a pretty normal week." Except for all the times he ran his hands along Steve's back as he passed, watching him stutter out of whatever conversation he was having, or the kisses they both stole and the time he'd been pinned against a wall for teasing too much. It certainly had been anything but a normal week and the arc reactor felt like it was aching every time he looked at Steve. He was going to have to run a diagnostic on it.
Bruce paused for a moment before asking quietly, "Did you do much of that traveling with your brother?"
“This is enough,” he said and Tony stilled for a moment before he nodded, going back to petting Steve’s hair.
"Get your ass back to the tower,
Steve trailed behind him, watching the other man quietly before drifting toward a display of posters.
Jane shook her head, "Really, Darce?  That's what you go with?"
"Well, it," Tony waved a hand, unsure what to say as Thor beamed at Natasha and thanked her.
“Yeah,” she agreed. “We just, it’s still so new and then you had to go back to Asgard and now you’re splitting your time between three places. It makes my head spin a little.”
"I need a place to stay," Clint replied. "And possibly a lot to drink."
"They shouldn't," he said simply.
"If you want," Rhodey said, still watching him.
"Doesn't matter," Tony replied. "I'll find a way. I'm good at finding ways and you, my friend, will end up drunk. As a fish. Swimming in a sea of vodka."
"I'm still weighing the pros and cons of different locations, and finding decent transport away," the other admitted, setting his glass down and leaning back in his chair.  "Based on my calculations, I expect that all to be remedied within the next week or two."
"A gray area and a loophole," Charles answered simply.
"He does seem quite angry,” Natasha said. “I wonder if it’s at Tony or Loki?”
"If you say so," Tony said, not looking like he really believed it himself.
Bruce entered the restaurant, looking around and smiling when he saw Betty Ross.  He crossed over to the table where she was sitting and she rose to greet him, "Betty, it's good to see you."
"Good," Rhodey said, still watching him. "Because there's something else you might want to know that's working against you—or for you but probably against you."
Natasha's lips curled upward again, "Boy or girl, Clint?"
Loki paused briefly, "Your own work in magic is impressive."
"We can put real food in the chocolate," Tony agreed.
“No,” Tony said even as Clint stared at Bruce in horror.
She smiled in return, "He was adorable last time I saw him. But I’m sure he enjoys having a name now."
"It must be nice to forget trauma on command," Steve said, his blue eyes narrowing.
for that long. "It might be nice to have a reminder around."
"Thanks for the support," he said, shaking his head as Rhodey frowned at him before looking back at the model plane, focusing on that instead of strangling his friend. Tony's comment earned a long look from Natasha, but she didn't say anything at the moment, the kitten trailing after her and twining around her ankles.
Settling behind the steering wheel, she glanced at Clint, "Are you taking Stark up on his offer?"
"Yeah, sounds right," Clint said. "Come on, let's go find it."
"So alright, his chest is one gaping wound he pretends isn't there but you still like him enough to make kissy faces so you should probably go after him," Tony said and wrinkled his nose at the sink. "We have the most high tech washer for dishes in existence. What are you doing?"
Her lips curved up ever so slightly at that, "Not especially, no."
“I attempted to create a certain alliance,” Loki said. “It worked for a matter of months but alas, neither of us play well with others.”
She set her fork down, frowning, "What do you mean?"
"Yes," Thor grinned. "I believed, rightly it seems, that there would be some point of the year in which gifts were exchanged and I wished to be prepared. You are, after all, my team mates and have helped me with my brother."
Loki's jaw tensed and his eyes narrowed, "Tread carefully, Stark."
“Would you find the harbor there safe, considering?” Thor asked, gesturing to his brother.
"Right.  I'm always around," Bruce replied, waiting for a moment and then pushing himself to his feet too. Clint flashed him a smile and fled. Bruce watched him go before retreating quickly down to the labs and closing himself in with data he understood.
"Come on," Clint said, pausing on the way back to the front of the store to pick up a plushy toy of Thor on the way. "We need to find you a frame and there's a store that sells movies nearby."
“No,” he insisted. “Except you know. Everyone in this room. I expect something is going to blow up at some point, or I don’t know, a portal could mysteriously appear over our heads at literally any moment—”
Steve chuckled, "Bruce might, I never know what Tony's going to find amusing or not.  Any ideas for, say, Natasha?"
Still staring, Clint started running through covert missions to kill Fury without anyone being the wiser—but Natasha would probably figure it out, and while he'd picked up from her silent looks that she wasn't currently talking to Nick Fury either, he figured she wouldn't forgive him assassinating the man.
Natasha shrugged, "Clint's been more aware of certain things than I would have expected."
"Because I grow tired of toying with them, but I cannot do anything extensive with my magic in a city where Thor Odinson spends much of his time in this realm."
Charles looked in his direction and promptly burst out laughing, "You have a cat, Tony you're turning positively domestic."  He glanced toward the work table, "And you're building a cat bed for it too.  Oh I am going to get years of mileage out of this, you know that of course?"
"Oak sounds like a very good idea." She paused, considering the floor plan, "You gave him a small studio?"
“Nah,” Clint said. “Actually, it’s sorta cute in a way.”
"I still can't believe we all managed to forget about it," Bruce murmured, pushing himself to his feet.
Steve also looked at Clint, pouring his whisked eggs into a pan, "So we'll all live here. I guess I should know what you guys like in your omelets then?"
Loki worked his jaw for a moment. “I did try rather hard.”
Tony made an inarticulate sound at that, both hands tangling in Steve’s hair. “Not fair—you’re not fair,” he said, mouth pressed close enough Steve could feel the movement of his lips before he covered Steve’s mouth again, not bothering to close it.
“Does that mean I love you less?” Thor asked. “You think you’d be more concerned by your own actions and their effect on the smallness of my heart.”
"It must be nice," Clint said after a moment, hand clenching and unclenching. "To know you once smashed him into the ground."
The doors of the elevator opened again and Bruce stepped off, having just gotten back from his date. He blinked and seriously considered getting back on and just taking it up to his floor.  He glanced from Fury to Tony and back, "Am I interrupting?"
The elevator opened nearly an hour and a half later, Bruce stepping off of it, "Tony?"
Steve blushed at that, muttering something about bread and melted cheese before he nodded, "It's great.  Has enough forks for all six of us too."
“Well technically I was four or five, but I didn’t hear it until a year ago,” Tony said. "It was on a video he made."
James snorts, looking up at her from his book. He didn’t really know how she got in his room but she’s here and honestly, its completely in character for her.
“Darling,” Tony says,”It’s in my room.”
It’s so simple, the steaming cup of coffee, Natasha reading with glasses on, Tony humming
with Tony, just drinks in his company and only wants more. It’s like a thirst that quenching only furthers. And Tony’s
When Steve wakes up, he’s groggier then he’s felt in years.
He tastes like mint and peach and warmth and
“Why don’t we do
Except, Tony sits next to him, and smiles at him, warm and sweet and oh, that’s lovely, he wants to look at that forever, wants to have that smile be for
Cute stranger furrowed his brows, and he looks very worried now.
and I like pretty things where I work-“
Tony’s hand one more time before he says he needs to work out.
“I’m telling you, he’s ridiculous. Someone on the news had talked about Vampires being dangerous and he just wouldn’t shut up about how safe he felt, how if anyone said that to me he’d-“
And he really wants a drink.
Tony is leaving him.
“I love you.”
a traitorous part of his mind offered him. He did, in fact, look good. There’s a grease stain on his tank and Steve wants to make him eat something, knows he hasn’t for too long. HIs hair’s sticking up and that same traitorous part of his mind offers the idea of running his hands through it.
the man in weeks, long enough for that ridiculous thing to have grown all over the man he adores, but
how he feels, it’s not fair. If he’s going to do that, he’s not going to do it in front of Steve.
“I don’t want to listen to him
“Careful, you’re the one who picked me,”
And it’s too honest, isn’t it? That he wants Tony. That he wants Tony to be
“Steve, if they’re seriously going to refuse to associate with me just because I talk to a vampire, then why the fuck would I want them to be my friends?”
Because in that moment, Steve kissing Tony through tears and a grin, by sunrise in
this is the kind of kiss you never want to lean out of. He tastes like mint and he’s sure he’s not the best to kiss, both because of lack of experience and just having beaten several robots.
“I don’t want you to fuck off, Tony,” he says because it’s sweet, how worried he is he’s upsetting Steve. He already likes him. I just… you don’t know me, Tony. I could be a piece of shit. I wouldn’t waste your one shot at making friends on a vampire if I were you.”
but he didn’t the chance.
It seems impossible, the more he thinks about it, the more he thinks about it. But he’s been asleep 70 years and lives in a tower run on endless energy. Anything could be possible.
“I didn’t think you lied, I just-“
At the end of the hour, Steve says it again, when he notices everyone staring at the. Again.
“Are you coming?” Steve asks, and he might not be what Steve wants now, but he still knows him. Still can track every movement, can read every nervous tick- Steve needs him. He needs him to come, to meet Bucky, to hold his hand and him up, to be Steve’s legs when his own give out.
“Gonna have to be more specific, Honeybear,” Tony smiles, bright and brilliant
“I know I can be a lot, real affectionate, but I’ve tried to avoid doing that to you lately, I really have-“
He hasn’t seen Steve since he woke up, and that was a week ago. He hasn’t known him long enough to
“You’re sleeping with me tonight. Please.”
“How could you think I could be happier with anyone else?” Steve says, when he pulls away.
This time, Tony doesn’t close up. He leans in and
“I will,” Tony says, “I will, sweetheart,” He lets the endearment slip.
“You’re fucking
Gone, anyway.
“Mirrored?”
“Tony, I asked you to marry me. Do you remember the first time I asked you to marry me?”
“Can I hug you, Steve?”
Steve steps closer, and suddenly they’re a hair's breadth apart, but tony’s gaze doesn’t waver. He’s just like that in the field, determination and focus, center of view like the earth.
Tony asks JARVIS if he’s punching bags right now, and he’s pleased when JARVIS says no.
“Please, Steve.”
in Steve’s eyes out of his head, he says something stupid.
For fucks’ sake, he’d told Tony that he wanted to- to
“Where is Steve?”
The memory loss was sustained in a battle, and a charming woman named Helen Cho tells him she’s certain it’s temporary, even if they’re not sure how long it’ll take to get his memories back.
Tony wouldn’t want him to give up, though. Tony always believed in him. Half of the time, Steve thought he could do this all day only because Tony was watching him do it up there.
“What was it?”
just hugged him and insisted he’d called him by his name and he needs that, “I’ll call you anything you want.”
He’s just got to be clearer.
“My neighbor probably saw someone unfamiliar come over and wants to check.”
He does look nice, though. Steve’s suit is black, his dress shirt white and his tie a deep blue. The color of Tony’s suit.
The first thing he sees when he wakes, is the man he loves.
That seems important.
and bright like Tony’s the best thing in the world. And damn it, that’s kind of adorable, seeing the guy he’s had a crush on for about 90% of his life look at him like
Steve looks pretty okay with the distance between them though, focused on the sheet in front of him, only having looked up twice since having sat down. Which, kind of insulting, okay-
“Bucky,” Steve says, and his voice is
There is a photo on the nightstand of the two of them. It’s framed, but clearly taken on a phone. He’s kissing Steve’s cheek and Steve is
“Cap, I’ve heard through the grape vines there
Tony is in love. He has a family. God, who would’ve thought?
They joke for about half a second, until some fucking
“I-I don’t-“ he stutters, and he wants to say he’s uncomfortable but denying Tony anything is
Natasha’s delicate voice sounds through his voice.
was coming to their high school and Steve- he knows exactly what the Baseliner will be like. Knows he’s not going to look at him, knows he’s going to think nothing o him, just on sight.
And the things, Steve doesn’t hate being a vampire. He’s proud. But he can’t help but think of a world where he’s not, where Tony sits next to him and they can talk, can fall in love, that he could be someone Tony wants.
when he’s working, trained eyes focused on something like he could solder it with his vision alone, and it’s hard not to think of Tony as something more than a man. It’s his superpower, his mind, and watching him work is like watching the world come together.
Steve shudders out a breath, but lifts a hand to hold Tony’s.
“He sounds great.” Nat interrupted, cutting off his ramble. Steve smiled, obviously. Obviously.
Tony’s holding his hand. It hits him then, tonight, he’s Tony’s
Now, Tony’s arms are around his waist, with care. He tries not to read into that.
Tony wanted to kiss him. Wanted him to kiss him.
like this.
He learns a lot about Tony through these events. When he’s helping making school lunches, Tony tells him how he just graduated from MIT a bit ago, then came back for a family emergency and fell into helping there.
Barnes shakes his hand, and Tony is glad he’s happy. He deserves it.
But he can’t stop, can’t stop thinking about how none of them has noticed how he hasn’t said a thing, how his best friend this night has been a sparkling apple juice. Steve had wanted the whole party to be dry, but before he could say that would be too much for his sake, Clint had remarked it for him.
“I mean, I’d remember a face like that, and it does feel like I’ve taken a bit of a hit, so-“
It’s like a gunshot. Silence follows, and Rhodey’s brain just goes silent.
could drink it with him.
“I resent that, I am the hottest thing you have
Cute Stranger cocks his head. Kind of like a spaniel.
“Sorry. Personal bubbles, right- I was just gonna show you-“
“What?”
“You like me?"
He’s not sweet on Tony, really. He’s just gotten past hating him. He hardly likes him.
“It’s an artists’ appreciation-“
He doesn’t know Steve, not really, but this
Steve looks at Tony like he’s just not able to stop, and Tony’s seen his hands itch to touch, reach out and stop himself. Tony thinks that might be why they’ve only had breakfast together.
The words
now. They have all of forever together.
The only thing he can do to feel better is to cling to Steve.
so wide and full of joy and love, and Tony swells with pride.
It really hadn’t taken much, just a simple, “Hey, Tony,” and people had backed off,” and Tony had looked at him in awe, like he was the best. It’s a good look.
him to. Well. That’d be lovely.
Okay.
The next time Tony asks, he’s talking about PR.
cheek kisses when he makes him coffee.
“Strange? He and I-
“Is he here tonight?” Tony whispers in his ear, and to the cameras, it looks like he’s whispering a sweet nothing into Steve’s ear.
warm brown saucers and pulling his hand closer, like he thought Steve was going to yank it back. That- that has to be a good sign, right? That he wants him near. Hope is such a hard thing to feel, such a hard thing to accept, but it’s welling up in him now and he just. He
“You’re drunk, Cap.”
Once, when they’d been drunk, James had told him that his dad worked his whole life, and he always wanted a nice gold watch. Never had one, but always, always wanted one.
Peggy was Tony’s godmother. He’s fairly certain Tony knows the significance dances hold for Steve. Tony regards little with care, little with delicacy. There’s his work, that his hands run over like they’re honored to do so, and then there’s the way Tony holds the people he loves. The way he hugs Rhodes, the way he held Pepper.
“Why would you think that?”
Steve settles into the bed stiff and uncertain. Tony reaches his arms out, though, and Steve- well, he does what he said he would. He holds him.
“No, you don’t,” Tony laughs, and oh, apparently he can cry too, “I just said I loved you because I did. Do. God, I love you.”
“I always want you to touch me, to be around me, and it- it sometimes drives me a little crazy when you don’t. When you touch other people. When you call other people things you should call me.”
is not how he saw this night going.
He doesn’t know why he keeps trying to get Tony to leave. He likes him.
something that, wants to be the one with his legs laid over Tony’s lap, and he wants- he
Tony.
not him himself- he’s the one who-“ his voice cracked. Rhodey wants to crack something open. “He uh, killed my parents. He’s the one who was behind it. That’s why, I went crazy and took his shield, I know I shouldn’t of-“
“Steve?”
Tony, and I he wasn’t sure now he his , when Tony scoops him up, makes him move int his arms. He could never mistake
, sitting here, waiting for Tony to come back to his workshop so he could sketch him. It’s so stupid, but Steve loves Tony’s company, feels safe and calm when he’s around, and the tingle of something potential, the soft sweetness of wondering how his hands would map out on him, if the specificity of his work would translate to Steve.
“You like him.” Bucky says, sprawled out on his couch, smug and sweet, Natasha on his lap, and Steve fucking blushes.
But Steve walks over to him, all old school charm that he doesn’t even knows he has, bashful and beautiful and just a little drunk on Thor’s mead, and smiling at him so bright it just might blind him.
Watching Tony and Steve, they think they’re so damn
“I uh, listened to you. I talked to Natasha, the head of the facility-“
“Obviously.”
“Don’t touch me-“
“I mean, Captain America has some pretty high standards, right?”
“Platonic cuddling?”
Some rare mornings, they have time. Steve will kiss him slow, careful, fingers tracing under the tank that Tony sleeps in, languid and good. Eyes closed, Steve would kiss him with a ring on his finger, and the cool feel of it on his skin, its was heaven.
Tony says, warm and sincere.
still alive. “When did you get that one?”
“Okay,” Steve agrees, “But you have to call me Steve.”
“Steve, it’s fine,” Tony says, but he sounds tired, even though he’s slept all night. “You didn’t pressure me. You just didn’t sound like yourself.”
Cute Stranger didn’t smile when he said it, though.
had to come home and-
“Oh, Tony,” he says, and there’s a sob that follows, a quiet thing, and Steve sit next to him, hand reaching out and twining with Tony’s slender fingers.
Tony thanks god that Steve wants to marry him, that he
that’s the Steve he loves.
without wincing, and Steve’s holding his hand.
“It was just in an envelope. A fucking envelope saved my goddamn mother and I can’t even thank the guy. I mean, do you even know who this Carbonell guy is?”
He expected a reaction, but everyone went silent. Nat looked shocked, Clint dropped his pen, and Bruce just looked sad. Thor had that solemn look he gets after a loss in the field.
Tony laughed, genuinely laughed and so is Steve, and Steve’s
There’s an envelope on the counter, and it’s printed neatly on it
“I’m going to remember. The pieces are coming back quicker and faster, and even if I don’t-“
The tower he used to keep for himself is shared. Of course, Tony knew this, but it’s another thing to see it-
like he’s going to
Steve’s never been brave in the sense of making moves. It’s a good thing Tony is.
“Rhodey-“
Tony’s different.
very good. Miss him.”
my love, darling.”
James thinks of her as less kind, now.
Tony- he makes Steve believe that there’s a lot left of the man who went in the ice left.
It had been a sudden thing, the call from SHIELD.One moment, Steve was talking abut whether he wanted a flower in his lapel
Except Tony didn’t seem to be making any connections, just looking at him with a cocked head and a pretty look of confusion (maybe it was just him who thought it was cute), like he’d said something absolutely insane.
And he’d blinked, maybe four times, and awkwardly accepted.
And then he barrels on, jokes about him not eating him, and Steve- really fucking likes him, really. He makes him smile. Smells a little like pop tarts and metal, and he wants to kiss him.
When his grin widened, accompanying a slight waggle of his eyebrows, Steve glanced away quickly, realizing that he’d been staring.
And, if he was being honest with himself, he knew the perfect place for that. So, taking an intentional deep breath, drawing the air down past his binder and feeling his chest rise and fall, he sent another text.
But, Steve was barely out the door by the time his phone buzzed to indicate a text. He checked it absentmindedly, half expecting it to be from Bucky wondering where he was.
And, yes, Tony shouldn’t have been late. And, yes, his apology just then was perfect. But, Steve felt as if he’d just missed something massive.
Steve didn’t remember everything they discussed.
Steve wanted to like it here. Wanted to feel at home. Wanted to feel the sense of community and belonging that he knew he should. But, all the other doms there were so big. Large men with bulging muscles and broad chests. Guys who looked like Bucky.
He didn’t mind, though. It was both their right. And, they’d only met tonight. As much as it felt almost as if they’d known one another for much longer than that.
Steve stared at the screen for a long moment. It was a pun.
“I didn’t think you were.” The man said finally, leaving Steve the confused one this time. “You do know that subs can buy doms drinks too.” He continued, letting a bit of annoyance slip into his voice.
The first time he’d brought up the possibility of having a conversation, still fighting down his ever-present nerves, Tony was immediately onboard. Which was honestly still super reassuring. They scheduled time to talk, and Tony offered to send over a complete yes/no/maybe list.
“Your friend went and sat back down.” The stranger’s voice pulled him back out of his anxious thought spiral. When he looked where the other man was nodding, sure enough he saw Bucky settled comfortably in their booth. The smile and thumbs up he gave him were enough to calm Steve the rest of the way.
And, when his phone buzzed a few moments later, he spent longer than he’d like still staring down into the couch cushion, all of his worries bubbling up at once again, before he finally pushed himself up.
He held Steve’s gaze, waiting for a response.
Steve had been his best friend since they were five years old. And, he was one of the best men Bucky had ever known. Strong and caring and painfully earnest. He was also completely unaware of all the best parts of himself. And, Bucky knew that was something that would take more than just time and a never-ending stream of pestering love on his part to fix.
And, it was absolutely justified annoyance. As soon as Steve realized his error, he was disgusted with himself. He’d been so convinced that the other man was making assumptions about him, he completely missed that he’d actually been the one doing it.
He sent back, not trusting himself to say anything else. None the less, he found himself already eager to see where this went.
He only had a few seconds to spend looking at it in confusion though, before Tony was pressed behind him, looking over his shoulder. With a few deft swipes of his fingers, it was time for Steve to enter his number. He did so, providing Tony with his first and last name as well.
He talked to a few folks about his drawings. All just the polite interaction from people who think that they really must say hello to the artist and ask some vaguely intelligent question if they look at their art for any amount of time. Steve doesn’t mind it. It’s how these things always go.
It was also just fun talking? And, that felt extra special. Steve had been so formal at first, so unsure. But, Tony was vulnerable and sweet and silly and confident. This might be Steve’s favorite version of him that he’s seen yet. No, that wasn’t quite the right phrasing. He loved Tony, in all of his complexity. But, Tony like this, he felt lucky to see it. He didn’t get the feeling that Tony let himself be this … genuine with a lot of people.
Bucky had gotten a bit ahead of him earlier, rushing back to the relative safety of their corner booth, where he could avoid some of the chaos of the club. For the moment, Steve was alone in this.
“He liked you too.” Bucky said. “That much was more than obvious. You might as well just text him, so you don’t both get stuck in some horrible waiting game.”
“I’m so sorry.” Tony panted, the words tumbling out all in a rush.
Yes, he resolved that he’d love to take Tony out for coffee sometime. But, he still didn’t want to suggest it.
Bucky didn’t even bother with responding to his bullshit. He just kept watching Steve with a heavy gaze, pinning him in place.
The man was already making his way back through the bar though. Weaving easily through the crowds of people who Steve and Bucky had needed to push through before. Steve followed in his wake.
The rest of the evening passed effortlessly. Tony asked about Steve’s own friends, and he spent time talking about Bucky. Their friendship. How important the other man was to him. Mentioned Peggy and Sam and all of the lovely dorks he filled his life with.
Steve shifted in his seat again, for what had to be the tenth or eleventh time in the past minute. From the way that Bucky was less than subtly eyeing him, he knew that his friend hadn’t missed his antsiness. But, thankfully he actually chose to hold his tongue for once, not saying anything.
Tony listened. Sometimes seeming mad or angry on Steve’s behalf. More than once trying to throw money at him. Money that Steve sometimes took and mostly didn’t. Money that he made it perfectly clear he didn’t need. And, he didn’t want for any old reason.
They’d meet there. It was the most practical, and besides they still didn’t really know one another. It was just best practice to meet in a neutral location.
Steve would be the first person to rush in trying to help if the creep had pulled it on anyone else. So, he couldn’t really be upset with Bucky for having done the same for him.
Even though Tony had texted Steve, effectively giving him his number. He decided to wait for the other man to text him first.
They’d talk about random things. Off and on. Both of them disappearing at times without comment, Steve presumed for things like work and meals and so forth.
“May I give you my number?” He asked, careful. This gave Tony all the control. Even if he felt like he couldn’t say no in the moment, it was up to him whether or not to text.
Steve was hesitant at first, not certain if he should keep his distance. Be more formal than they usually were. Give Tony space.
Steve knew that he worried too much. A mix of his anxiety and a naturally protective nature. But, the strange man seemed unperturbed, simply waiting and watching.
Scrolling up, he checked again that they had decided to meet at eight. He didn’t know whether or not to call. He’d texted about ten minutes ago, but the little check marks beneath the message simply confirmed that it had been sent.
And, it felt good. Comfy. They learned more about one another. There was still a lot that Steve still didn’t know. And, still a lot that he hadn’t shared. But, there was more and more that he did know. Tony’s favorite color was red. He liked good food, fancy snobbish stuff, but couldn’t cook worth a damn. And, also happily devoured horrible food truck mystery meat and other things that could only slightly be classed as edible.
It took Steve a moment too long to figure out. He’d never been all that good at technology. And, Tony’s phone was new and fancy. Completely different from the beat up flip phone with the slightly cracked screen that Steve still carried.
Tony snorted, half amused, but with a slight sneer lingering about the corners of his lips. “It happens with me all of the time.” He spoke, his tone heavy with self-deprecation. “Honestly, I don’t know why anyone puts up with me.”
“Listen, it’s really not a problem.” The guy insisted, a bit frantically, as if he was pleading with Steve to agree with him. Somehow he still sounded smooth and polished. And, Steve really wasn’t quite certain how to read him.
Tony replied. And, Steve breathed a sigh of relief.
They’d talked some about that as well, cuddled up sharing fantasies with one another. Steve’s cheeks hot red and Tony flirty and lascivious at times, but tender and vulnerable at others. Always so beautifully complex. Steve loved the nuance, the way he shifted between so many ways of showing up the world. Loved all of it that he got to see.
Steve had thoughts about community and networks of support and sharing resources. So, he wasn’t strictly opposed to the notion of people sharing money as they could. In fact, on paper he fully supported it. It was still hard to unpack his own emotions around that though.
“I like your name too. It suits you.”
But, before he could respond, before he even decided how he wanted to respond, another message came through, followed by one more.
A stupid pun. The kind that wouldn’t have amused Steve at any age.
“You can call me lovely.” He said, taking his time on the words. “I don’t mind.”
Came through a moment later.
They promised authenticity. Hands clasped, eyes meeting.
On one level they fit comfortably together. He felt safe and content talking to Tony, completely at ease. On another level, he was giddy with excitement. Not quite able to believe that this beautiful, smart, witty man was here talking and flirting with him.
It made Steve smile, and he felt a small glimmer of community after all. He might not feel entirely at home here, but these were still his people. Far more so than the crowd in any bar they chose at random would ever be.
“How about we get some drinks and mingle a bit?” He suggested finally, in the slightly forced tone he used whenever he wanted to seem like he’s more into an idea than he actually was.
They both stayed up far too late talking that night. Nothing serious. Just flirting and teasing and enjoying the fact that they were boyfriends. That they were in a relationship. For real.
In fact, honestly, he’s not really certain how he gets as many invites to participate in these things as he does. Though, he's been trying to follow his therapist’s advice and refrain from questioning his own worth. Trying with mixed success, but trying at least.
Of course, Steve could see right through him. He always could. But, he forced a small smile himself and nodded in agreement.
None the less, he really did want to invite Tony in. Wanted to get vulnerable, at least a little bit. No matter how scary that might be.
Steve told himself that he was leaving the ball in Tony’s court. After all, there was that weird expression at the end that he couldn’t quite read. But, Bucky said he was just scared, and Steve couldn’t honestly deny that either.
“I could have handled it.” Steve couldn’t help but protest, for all that he appreciated Bucky’s help. He’d felt safer the moment he was there. Yet, it stung to think he might not have been able to take care of himself.
Tony had filled the few seconds it took Steve to process that observation with a rambling disjointed apology that Steve admittedly only followed about half of. He did think that he’d gleaned the most important parts though. And, there was no doubting Tony’s genuine regret.
Nevertheless, they texted every day.
Steve sat down first, letting Tony decide how close to him he wanted to be. Happy when Tony settled down right next to him, with their legs pressed against one another and elbows brushing. He didn’t lean on him, not for this conversation. But, he was right there and that was nice.
Tony had replied. Along with a winky face that didn’t really come through properly on Steve’s old phone. Steve forced himself to breathe deep.
It was from an unknown number, but it was only a moment before Steve had Tony added to his contacts.
Tony shouldn’t have answered right away. He should have been asleep. Like reasonable people ought to be at three in the morning. But, instead his phone buzzed almost immediately with an answer. Steve couldn’t find it in himself to be that annoyed with Tony for not taking better care of himself. Besides, the same accusation could be made of him.
“Sorry.” He mumbled awkwardly. “I shouldn’t have…”
“We’ll find another time to talk. For now, I think lots of food, cuddles, and Star Trek are called for.” Tony agreed, seeming far too thankful. And, they spent the rest of the evening snuggled up together enjoying the most wild shenanigan filled episodes Tony could find.
Steve didn’t know how to reply. So, the silence settled. And, they continued wordlessly throughout the gallery. Only truly speaking again when they settled against one of the tall tables, food and drinks in hand.
Tony, if anything, had seemed authentic. Steve could value that.
Steve listened, enjoying how Tony’s face lit up talking about his friend. And, far too appreciative that the first place the other man’s mind had went was how the two of them might get along. Steve found himself hoping to meet Tony’s friends. To stay in his life, at least that long. To matter that much.
“You don’t even know he likes me.” Steve protested half-heartedly, but even he could tell that Tony really did. For all that the man hadn’t actually said it. He’d definitely hinted more than once.
“Thank you.” He could feel how hot his cheeks were, no doubt tinged with pink. And, he shook his head, annoyed at how easy it was to fluster him.
Instead, he followed him to a mercifully quiet table, tucked into one of the back corners. Steve pulled out a chair for the man, the gesture instinctual. His mama had always placed an emphasis on manners, and somehow it felt right to pull out such old-fashioned courtesies here.
He expected the man to shrug and walk away. He might be disbelieving, but Steve didn’t think so. Obviously, they didn’t really know each other, but he seemed like a decent enough person. It wasn’t his fault that he’d assumed Steve was a sub. Most people would. His size alone was enough. And, his awkwardness. Well, people didn’t necessarily imagine him to be a dom.
And, Bucky was right, because of course he was.
And, that really would be better than if he were sick or hurt or some other emergency had happened. But, that didn’t stop the thought from making Steve’s stomach clench up tightly and his anxiety grow worse.
And, it was just a text message. A text message from a gorgeous man who flirted effortlessly, but sent him horrible puns and always seemed to have something hiding just behind his eyes. Just a text message.
And, with that Tony’s expression cleared somewhat, still he looked … maybe resigned was the best word for it. “Of course.” He agreed swiftly, his tone betraying no hint of whatever it was that hid behind his eyes.
And, the realization that his cheeks were uncomfortably warm just made him even more self-conscious, wanting to turn his face and hide. He hated his pale skin sometimes, so pale that he still looked like the constantly sick child he had once been in the wrong light.
He did though. Enough that it kept him up at night, well past when he should have been sleeping. He wanted something formal. An acknowledgement of what this was. Them going on dates regularly and texting every day and doing things for one another and flirting and whatever else was going on. He wanted to know what it meant.
“Have you asked him out yet?” Steve couldn’t resist teasing. “He has a boyfriend.” Bucky shot back, annoyed. “Doesn’t mean he couldn’t use another one.” Steve observed, noticing how Tony watched on with amusement, and perhaps a slight hint of longing. “Yeah. Whatever.” Bucky replied, brushing against Steve’s shoulder as he left.
“It’s been a week. Some trauma stuff. And, just a lot going on. And, I haven’t been able to sleep. And…” He trailed off, shrugged, and looked at Steve. There was something in his gaze, a bit of hopefulness, but almost pleading. Like he didn’t know what to do next, but hoped that Steve did.
“You can start with whatever piece you do feel ready for, and go from there.” He said. They both should know that, but sometimes it still helped to hear things said out loud.
“My mother started taking me to art museums when I was only three or four. I was a loud unruly child. It was a wonder she had the patience. But, she liked the company. And, eventually I started paying attention to what was around me.”
Yet, they never get too deep. Nowhere near the conversation they had that first night together. And, neither of them made any mention of getting together again.
Terms of endearment were one of the things they’d talked about. So, many things. It was nice, having it all laid out. Intentional and loving. Steve’s mind was already beginning to spin into all of the things he could do with Tony. All of the things they could share together. He knew that Tony’s was too.
And, Steve knew that Bucky was probably right, still he couldn’t quite manage to figure out what to say. So, he put the phone away, telling himself that he’d text Tony that evening.
Steve blushed for what felt like the countless time that night. That certainly wasn’t how most folks reacted to his name. “Thank you.” He said simply, proud of himself for getting it out without tripping over the words.
Fury snorted. "Look, Captain, you're supposed to be doing paperwork, because I don't think Banner is walking back in with me and I don't think I could get Stark to write down a damn thing."
Natasha made a discontented sound, but fell silent.
"In Asgard," Thor said, placing them on the table. "You put presents under the tree, do you not?"
"Probably." She paused, glancing at him, "You know what, I can finish up here if you want,"
Standard procedure or not he wanted to scream. Instead he reached out and plucked the check out of his hand. "I am not putting a good word in with Nat because of this."
"Too bad," he mused, pulling the paper away from the package finally. "It would be an interesting story."
“I resent you and all your children,” Tony said.
"Apparently you all infected him with the spirit of the season or whatever tripe was spouted over the last month.  It was his holiday gift to me," Loki replied with a smile.  "But I think it's time I was moving on.  New York is growing dull."
"If you want anything beyond pancakes, I wouldn't mind it.  Otherwise I'm good.  Thanks though."
It wasn’t like he had gotten comfort like this as a kid anyway.
“I’m not sure we’re talking about the same sort of love here,” Loki said and Thor ran a hand over his face instead of laughing again.
"Yes," Thor answered.
"Oh you
He didn't sigh but his shoulders sagged. "They are all—We are all adjusting," he tried finally. "It is perhaps not so unusual for me, if we had a holiday that directly corresponded to this one. But they fought last night and are fighting now while the others... don't fight as obviously."
That earned him another crooked grin and a slight flush across Steve's cheekbones, "Probably a good idea not to have that happen in the kitchen anyhow."
Clint crouched on the roof, bow in one hand and resting on his knee as he watched the street below. He was not actively hunting Loki, which was the only flimsy excuse he had for if Natasha or Bruce ever found out he was out alone with his bow hoping Loki would pass nearby.
With Loki vanquished and Thor preparing to return his brother to Asgard to face their justice, there was still much left to be done to aid clean up and rebuilding. Which left Steve wondering why exactly he was in a SHIELD conference room with Black Widow and Director Fury while they waited for Hawkeye. The battle was over, the war won, but the civilians still needed help to clear the rubble from their front steps, and here they were in the midst of what equated out to a debrief.
"He said I should come see you.  Holidays and all," she answered, gaze flicking to the weapon.  "So, he's always surprised me, but he's still doing so."
Rhodey looked over at Pepper. "You bitched for months about Monte Carlo."
"That, or you take too long to respond to him," Thor shrugged. "Some days it does seem to be a no win situation. You'll learn."
“You know things cannot go back to the way that they were,” Loki said after another moment of silence stretched out too long. “Not least because Odin—”
Natasha made an exasperated sound before getting to her feet and disappearing into the kitchen, scooping up the kitten from where it had appeared at the foot of the stairs as she went. The kitten made a sound of protest at being dragged away from the wrapping paper littering the ground. "Howard Stark was a bastard," Rhodey said and suddenly Tony appeared back in the doorway, as if called by his father's name.
Steve offered him a long look, "And how long before he decides to do something again?"
Bruce shook his head slightly, "No, thanks though.  It's best if I don't."
"I," he started. "We are doing a team building activity, are we not?"
He was still murmuring to it by the time he'd reached the tower and taken the elevator up to the main floor.  Entering the kitchen, he set the bundled jacket, with a now sleeping kitten in it, down on the table and started going through the cupboards, "Jarvis?"
"No, I have no children. Considering what the tales make of the ones I supposedly have I'm glad of it."
Pepper leaned down to kiss Tony, having been watching him during the exchange. "Well, I'll leave you all to it. I have a meeting and then a statement to give. I'll be there at Central Park in time for what's going on there, alright?"
"Good," Tony said, nod firm and hoping that Clint wouldn't emerge from the gym looking to drink again. It had been bad enough watching him the first time.
"Some days I'm really unwilling to let it," he said, tilting his head back against the couch and letting out a long breath. "I want it to still hurt, sometimes. Like not... would be a betrayal."
"Anything for you, pudding," Tony drawled, folding his hands over his stomach.
"Was the anger?" Tony asked. "Did that look angry?"
"No, it's not," Clint started and sighed. "It's not quite that, but sometimes it sure feels like it," he said, drawing his knees up to his chest. "So, what about you? How was your dinner or whatever you were going to."
"I still," Thor started and only nodded. He had returned from Asgard the day before, tired and bruised from battle but he nodded. Sometimes it felt more like Midgard was home with Loki gone from Asgard.
feels different?"  Bruce glanced at him in surprise, "I am rather partial to the lights—hopefully Tony and Natasha can find enough for our decorations."
“Loki has escaped from his imprisonment in Asgard,” Thor replied and Clint’s expression shut down. “But he is lying low and I cannot track him until I rest.” He offered Clint and the rest a tired smile. “So I could partake in films. I am surprised to see everyone here already.”
"Figured what out? Figured us out?"  Steve went with the pull willingly, "I think they figured it out before we did. Colonel Rhodes gave me a hurt him and I'll kill you speech and everything."
“We don’t communicate,” Bruce said, rubbing the side of his head, except sometimes there was a growl at the edge of his awareness, as if he could actually sense the Hulk back there.
Bruce laughed, "Don't say that where he can hear you."
“It’s dangerously close,” Tony muttered. “My dad would sometimes too, usually when he was drunk and trying to figure out how he sired someone like me.” Steve shifted slightly at that, but forced himself to still again, muttering a curse at that.
"Do you want to talk about him?" Bruce asked, the question quiet, not pressing or prying, just there.
Bruce looked at the old fondue set and then at the new one, "Does this mean we might actually be able to have fondue?"
“What?”  Bruce blinked at her.
"No, you didn't. And it wasn't really my business," Bruce answered, hesitating before leaning against the arm of the couch.
"You can't fit men into it," Rhodey said and paused. "But honestly how did you find the right model even, Tony? That's not fair."
“Like, you’re both in the same head, right?” Clint said.
"Good," Clint snapped. "Just so we're clear, sir." He turned on his heel, almost flying up the stairs toward the roof top of Stark Towers.
Clint blinked once and returned to making a sandwich.
"FUBAR?" Rhodey blinked and then grinned. "Right, army in World War Two." He shrugged. "Yeah, well, it's Tony so SNAFU. But yeah, I found him in the desert and Stane was pretty unhappy his whole power taking move didn't work but Tony delivered something new and interesting to him. Meanwhile, Tony worked on a better suit, and while I haven't seen the footage I'm sure exists, I heard some horror stories from Pepper—and I know he crash landed on his piano and one of his cars. So he did that, flew into my active war zone and almost got taken out as an unknown boogey, and then Stane walked into his house and tore the arc reactor out. The guy he trusted since he was a kid pinned him and tore the thing keeping him alive out." Rhodey's eyes were harsh as he watched Steve, making sure he understood that.
"Well, no," the poor lad said. "But he is here and he wants to talk to you and he's being... very polite about it."
"Unless it's the fact you're not there," Tony said.
"Comes from eating the same food," Clint said darting in for another quick kiss before moving back. "It's nice."
"Just that I can do dishes on my own.  If you want to help finish them up you can, but I'm releasing you of the obligation."
"Just making sure you're alright, you stopped mid-sentence.  Did you see...someone?"
"You and I?"  She shook her head, "No. There's nothing we need to work out."
"Well, the first was to apologize to Clint, I thought I'd check here first." His gaze moved briefly to the archer and then back to Tony, "The other, well, it would only need to be until that thing Fury's setting up in Central Park, and I hate to ask....I'm kind of without a place to stay for the next couple days."
"Or a semblance of them at least," Bruce answered where he was leaning against the wall, his curly hair still obviously tousled from bed.
“I’ve stabbed you,” Loki said.
Stepping into the main floor, Tony blinked at the tree from where Clint and Bruce were getting it set up with the tree stand that Bruce had remembered to buy next to the wrapping paper. "That," Tony started and stopped. "That is not a tree. Why is that a tree?"
Natasha rolled her eyes, "All we have to do is tell them that they get to stay together and they should go quietly."
"I don't know, it might be nicer than the mocking of his profession which this could be taken as," Clint said and shrugged.
Bruce caught his hand again. “You know, if the Other Guy is bothering you—”
Thor smiled vaguely at him. "Well, I am glad not to have to worry about that." He looked over at a side table nearby with coffee table books and smiled at the images on the covers. "You have such an interesting world."
"And you," Tony replied and the corner of Clint's mouth twisted unhappily.
Mind on fondue sets and offers of protection and gods who moped too much, Tony wasn’t paying attention as he entered his own rooms, pulling off his jacket and starting on the top buttons of his shirt when he pushed open the door to this bathroom.
“Um, none of your business and the whole laying low while recovering thing only works if you’re avoiding the people likely to a, attack you, or b, attempt to drag your sorry ass back to your rather large and well-meaning brother.”
“A drink, that’s all,” Loki held up his martini glass slightly.  “Well, and listening to you all go about your boring little lives.”
“There’s two more,” Clint grinned, already rising to put the second one in.
"We should be able to have fondue," Tony muttered and Thor strode by, looking down at the floor with his brows tightened.
"I will," he said with a dismissive wave, plucking up the small boxes and sweeping off.
He refused to add it took three hours to find. "Well, we need more... more team building activities."
Charles glanced at him and let his lips quirk upward, "Something like that."
"Huh," Tony said. "Sex with a horse. That must have been an exciting thought."
“You,” Loki started and cut himself off. “You love her.”
"A while?" Clint asked and hated how surprised he sounded.
"Well, that's why I have people who are going to catch me," Clint said, tilting his head slightly. "Like Iron Man."
"Yeah?" he asked, standing in front of his bow like he still wasn't sure about picking it up or not.
Bruce started to reach for him but caught himself and pulled back, "Can't?"
"Then I suppose we'll fight again," Thor said, sighing heavily and crossing his arms over his chest. "And we'll keep doing so if we must."
Steve lay back, chuckling quietly, "You said you met him while you were at MIT?"
"I have no desire to go pandering for forgiveness that I have reason to suspect won't be given," Loki replied icily.
"Heard about that, did you?" Rhodey asked, propping his chin in one palm, unsure if it had come up at Christmas or not. Or if Steve had actually started doing some of his own digging.
"I'll fly out for her myself," Natasha promised.
She paused for a long moment before letting her arm lay along the back of the couch and brushing her fingers gently over his hair, "There's nothing I can say to reassure you about that at all."
Natasha's lips twitched upward ever so slightly, "So that makes gift four then?  You've got the majority of them found then."
It felt like a revelation, Steve around him and inside and by the time Steve was actually moving inside him, Tony couldn't tell which way was up or down anymore, he just clung to Steve's shoulders and kissed him as often as Steve would let him.
For a long moment, Tony didn't reply and Clint's laugh was not kind. "Even you don't want to admit you were having drinks with Loki."
Jane looked him over before turning back to Darcy who was bent over rifling through a cupboard. "You know, Darcy, you haven't checked the kitchen for that alcohol yet."
Tony reached his arm around, playing with Steve’s hair. “You know, I wish I could be sincerer when I say I’m sorry for what happened to you,” and Steve made a confused sound. “I mean, you lost a lot of people and that sucks, and you got thrown in with us, which also sucks because we’re not a lot anyone should be thrown in with.”
"Because I wanted to talk to you.  Because I meant that kiss, and I wanted to know if you did.  Because I was stupid enough not to see that you lost your other half earlier this year," Bruce replied, approaching the couch.
"Dude," Rhodey held up a hand. "That's fine."
"Alright," Steve murmured, trailing his fingers down Tony's spine as he turned his attention to the side of the other man's neck.
"Delicate experiments and the like," Bruce responded with a shrug.  "Though I'm sure it's possible to find some source of excitement that doesn't involve acid."
making that expression at you."
Still looking rumpled and annoyed, Tony started opening the first present he was handed before Thor scolded him to wait for everything to be passed out. Huffing out a breath, Tony sprawled backward, drinking the coffee and ignoring Steve.
"I would guess that means they had the chance to do so before?" Bruce asked, shaking his head very slightly.
"Which doesn't mean much, really."
“You think me capable of only loving one person at a time?” Thor asked.
Steve smiled faintly, turning his head to rest it on the pillow and barely able to see Tony from the corner of his eye, "No, I'm good."
“And why would that be?” Nick asked, looking over.
"Yeah," Tony said, breath hitching and hoping it wasn't heard. "By the by, Natasha's been bitching in her quiet, understated way about the lack of hot water." He had thought about it for a while and thought he had figured out why Steve kept using it. "Until I can remodel your floor, you should use my shower. The knob is like, three feet away from the shower head and it's a different tank than the other floors."
"Well, I hardly expect you to do it out of the goodness of your heart," Loki replied, calling in a single golden apple, his long fingers curling around it.  "You're quite good with magic and with machines."
"Are you serious?" Tony asked, "We're seriously going to try and do Christmas?" When he got several looks back he shrugged. "Alright. Why are we getting garlands?"
"Alright," Tony said, not quite dismissively. "If you insist."
Making a soft sound in the back of his throat, Bruce leaned into the kiss, feeling a stirring in the back of his mind that felt alarmingly protective. Licking his way inside Bruce's mouth, Clint let out a huff of laughter and pulled back. "You still taste like pancakes."
A-A-A-A
"You were in danger," Tony protested.
"Accurate," Tony said, tone too mild to be authentic. "But they don't have
Thor sighed. “It is that time of year again on Midgard.”
The next morning Tony staggered into the kitchen, sunglasses perched on his nose as he sat down, Clint passing him a cup full of juice. "Ow. You think I'd be used to this but the answer is still no."
"No," Loki's tone was clipped.
"I think that's a good plan," Clint agreed, leaning back.
"I guess it depends on how we think we're supposed to act.We go to parties together, we have sex when were in the same city, we're certainly too touchy for just friends," Pepper mused, sorting the indicators out loud. "To anyone looking at it from the outside it certainly looks like we're dating. As you said, we technically are. Aren't we?"
“I am perfectly capable of loving both of you,” Thor said, a low rumble.
. It just did not quite do enough to distract from the gapping hole that was his brother’s absence.
"You'd be surprised by the night I had, for the love of god I was coming from upstairs," he said, slowing down.
“I hope not,” Tony said. “I’d lose a lot of allure and mystery that way.”
Clint remained in the kitchen, seeing to the several bowls of popcorn before making deliveries out to the living room quickly, finally settling down himself as well with a particularly large bowl of buttered popcorn. He watched as Luke Skywalker emerged on Tatooine, curling deeper into the chair he’d claimed, glancing over from time to time to see how the others were reacting, noticing that Tony seemed to be paying more attention to Steve’s blond hair then the screen, though the corner of Tony’s mouth would quirk at a particularly good line, even as he looked slightly pained.
"I think it started to duel with Steve when he turned it on last night," Clint said with a tiny shrug. "With a fork."
Clint shrugged. "I don't know if he'd tell you if you asked. But he has a hole carved into his chest and it's not for decoration, you idiot." His nerves were feeling raw, from the lights and Christmas and the ties in the window and seeing the ornament of a father and son, and he knew he was taking it out on Steve but better Steve than himself.
"So unfair," Clint teased after him.
"I have an excuse," Clint replied.
"What do you mean?" he asked, not looking over.
"It had better be," he said, giving her a long look.
"You think he'd actually tell me?" Steve sounded skeptical.
"Good is the correct answer, though whether it's the right one is up for debate," Pepper answered.
Smile fainter than usual, Thor nodded. "They are working on it. Despite what Anthony says about none of them being all that altruistic, I think they are somewhere, willing to sacrifice for others and that makes them good people. It makes it worth staying for, at any rate, even though I expect Anthony to break the dishes over Steven's head."
Tony sighed, stretching his arms over his head. "Unless Loki is actively trying to hurt people, I'd rather distract him from his bag of cats brain than try and fail to fight him."
Steve entered as Clint spoke, like he had been summoned on cue. "So we fix that.  The stores still aren't closed.  We might be able to manage a Christmas."
"Yeah, I was like," Tony flicked a hand again. "Fifteen?"
Steve came down the stairs from his floor, pausing when he saw the trio, “Evening, fellas.”
"Then you probably shouldn't have let mutant children into them," Tony said, almost primly as he smirked.
“Yes, I’m sure it’s a thing that’s happening,” Steve said. “As Natasha was the one who told me and I generally believe her when she talks. I mean. They have been together for a long time.”
"Then that's good," Clint said still watching him. "And a whole lot more than most people can say."
“Why would I not be serious about that?” Thor asked, mild.
Rhodey shook his head. "This is apparently embrass Tony day with his bullshit hero complex which means Christmas really does produce miracles. Because let's not forget he did that fight with an arc reactor built from scraps."
Shortly after breakfast, Clint found himself standing the park, arms crossed over his chest as Thor dragged Loki forward to return them both, and the damned Tesseract, home.
"What about mutants?" Tony asked, oddly intrigued. "I mean, like Logan. He's pretty much indestructible and so far immortal." Tony paused a beat to take another drink. "Though, don't actually try to take him as a lover, I think that would go South fast."
"I'd quit working with the military," Tony shrugged. "You weren't supposed to know about the suit yet."
She leaned in to kiss his cheek, "I've missed you.  Thanks for coming out."
Tony blinked himself awake blearily when he heard Steve swear. "What? What is it?"
Loki paused for a long moment and then burst out laughing, "What brought him around after that?"
“My sexual escapades are very exciting, I’ll have you know,” Tony replied with a completely straight face, sipping at the fresh drink that was handed to him.
"I'm sure they are.  Darcy wanted me to tell you, if I heard from you, that she expects to see you sometime soon."
"That would be where I'm not sure where to start," Bruce replied with a smile.  "I don't know any of you very well.  Though I might have some ideas. A bookstore would be my best bet for some things."
Steve kept pace with him, not sure what to say to that.
"Knowing what I do about him, which I'll admit isn't much?  It probably endeared you to him. I think that's how he interacts with just about everyone."
A-A-A-A
Loki gave a mirthless laugh, shrugging his shoulders against the wall. “Yes, a little.”
"I can't get drunk," he answered with a shrug. "My metabolism's too fast."
"Uh, maybe," Tony said. "I actually, had a bit of a collection. I should donate it to a museum, anonymously. It could be the Coulson Memorial museum. Some of the art collection could go too."
“Yeah but I wasn’t naked a few minutes ago,” Tony said, trying to curl his entire body against Steve, tilting his neck back.
Thor shrugged, looking unconcerned. People stared at him in the streets and though he had long since picked up Midgardian clothing to wear but he still got sidelong glances as he passed. "It is harmless," he said.
“I did ask if this was a bad time,” Clint pointed out.
"No, I'm curious where he was going to go, actually," Tony said, setting the offending object on the counter and crossing his arms, shoulders squared back. It could either look like he was daring Steve to continue, or like a defensive gesture.
"We do, yes.  I'm still trying to figure out even where to start.  I haven't really done Christmas in a few years."
Then he walked over to Steve, wrapping am arm around his waist and held on.
"You might actually survive being around me," Tony said, like he was just realizing it.
But when Loki pulled back he was scowling. “And the human—”
Breath hitching and eyes rolling toward the ceiling, Tony paused before nodding.
Steve paused at that, "Wonderful.  One last question for you, if I could?"
"I don't doubt that at all," Bruce answered.  "But you've got people who'll do anything to get you out of it again."
"Something tells me everyone's counting the days ‘til that happens."  She considered for a moment, "I feel like, I feel like they're all aware of their weaknesses, but not so much their strengths.  If that makes any sense.  It's like, they're so aware of where they're weak that they're still wearing armor to protect that part without remembering where they're strong too."
"I don't understand the relationship you have with anyone in Xavier's mansion so I don't think I can actually say anything there," Steve finally allowed.
"I can fetch those for you as well," the clerk offered, hurrying away when Natasha nodded and waved a hand in his direction.
Clint shuffled through them. "No signature," he murmured, still looking at them in sheer horror.
Steve grinned very slightly, "You're welcome to try."
Not even asking what decorating was happening, Tony led the way out, leaving Clint and Steve in the living room.
"That's just mean," Clint said.
"That's the point, I think," Clint said, hanging a particularly round Santa Claus up.
"So we're, what, calling it 'cat'?"  Steve asked with a frown.
That earned a blink from Steve, "What?"
"Reinforced walls might not be a bad plan," came Bruce's murmured contribution.
"You'd buy a cat bed?" Tony protested.
“You think he would have been over that by now,” Bruce said. “Or at least a bit less,” and he gestured at the window.
Natasha shook her head, "Not yet. I should."
"What?" Clint said, tone distracted and he looked over. "Oh, uh, coffee. I ate coffee."
"Father issues, but—" Steve started but broke off when Bruce gave him a dark look.
Bruce paused at that, "Oh god, do I want to know exactly why I need to avoid it?"
"Look," Clint shook his head. "He was my handler. We worked together. He had no one else," he added, looking back at the boxes. "Who might—" Rather than finish the sentence he tossed the ties back in, having been unable to get rid of a single one before pulling out a battered box where he knew Phil liked to keep his cards and freezing when he opened it.
“It’s what everyone else is getting too,” Tony shrugged. “I mean, not sure Clint’s handling it any better then you but…Yes, take the whole floor.”
Steve managed a hint of a smile at that, "You know I hear they have medicine for those now."
"Could see if Miss Potts would answer that question.  She usually can explain quirks if they've got to do with Tony," Bruce said, moving the pancakes onto a plate and offering it to Clint.
A-A-A-A
The blond shook his head at that, "If I have to answer that so do you. Do you want to ask that question?"
Paling at that, Steve managed to keep his voice steady when he spoke again, "This has something to do with the mentions of terrorist cells, doesn't it?"
Fury watched him leave before turning to Natasha. "And you?"
"They started firing on me," Tony shrugged.
"There isn't really one," she replied, biting her lower lip.  "I think most people who know he's here are more worried about what happens when he's done licking his wounds."
and I don’t think you noticed it so much.”
"He makes the decisions though."
If you made it through the ride, cheers, it was nice to have you along.
"Yeah, but the military icon of a past age sure hasn't," Clint said. "So what do you think? Totally secret gay lovers or is the mistletoe just magic?"
"Aren't you at all curious though?" Clint asked, cocking his head to one side. "Eventually people are gonna be telling stories about them—one way or another you know it's gonna be true—and you really want to say you just ignored them and hoped they'd go away?"
