“Sherlock. Are you alright?” Sherlock was still in a daze after what happened. He nodded gently and held John tighter.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, can’t answer. He swallowed, having underestimated how challenging this would be, even after all this time.
“Please John, never leave
“That was me frightened, John.” Sherlock admitted quietly. It was still a difficult admission, even after all this time. His honesty startled John, whose posture stiffened in the dim outside light.
“Doctor Basil. What brings you here and what have you brought?” John finally asked.
“Wait-- show me.”
Future-Sherlock's world changed because he himself has changed, and some parts of his past changed before John came to decide he will wait for Sherlock (Christmas 2011). This time travel scenario is inspired by the Blinovitch Limitation Effect.
Show us some love, leave us comments & kudos! xx
Sherlock held his lips tight on John’s, stopping John mid sentence. He opened his mouth gently, hoping John would reciprocate - and he did. The moment John’s lips came apart, Sherlock pushed his tongue over John’s lips, tasting the tea and biscuits he had earlier and peppermint toothpaste on his teeth. He had one hand held behind the small of John’s back and another on his head, fingers tangled between his hair, holding John’s face in his. They were both panting between the clash of teeth and tongue, until John pulled his face to the side and stared at Sherlock’s swollen lips. He ran his thumb over the lower and smiled.
Sherlock noticed something has changed. He went into his mind palace and noticed some memories are different. The Doctor is now a part of it. Everything else is still intact. In fact, he still has memories of his first actual meeting with John. Now he has two copies of the same event.
#2: TARDIS adjusts all date and time of your devices (digital or analog) to the date & time of your location.
"I love you too,
Next chapter will be loads of fluff. The ending is near!
WSSH <15:41; 25/12/2011>
The Doctor popped his head into John’s view from the side of the TARDIS.
(See the end of the chapter for
Death In the Clouds by Agatha Christie – The Doctor loves Agatha Christie (series 3, episode 13, ‘Last of the Time Lords’; he and Donna actually met her in ‘The Unicorn and the Wasp’, series 4, episode 7).
I was inspired to write smut tonight. So the time travelling has been postponed to the next chapter.
He stood absolutely still in front of the door, haven’t moved a fraction of an inch since he was dropped off 12 minutes ago.
“Well, this is where you met him. Such a downer! I was hoping you found him in a nice field of flowers under the moon… or that church we found him in.” The Doctor said as he walked down the corridor with Sherlock right on his tail.
“I’ll introduce Sherlock to you. I think he’s still at Bart’s. You should come by and see some of our old friends, eh John? We all missed having you around!” Mike said, distracting John from thinking about The Doctor’s behavior.
“There can only be one of us. That me shouldn’t exist because he changed my past, our past, John. His entire reality cease to exist.” Sherlock explained. He exchanged a look with John - his eyes filled with sorrow, as if he had to leave John behind forever. In fact, he was. He could feel the pain in the other Sherlock's eyes, who went through hell, and about to be removed from existence altogether.
“It is still yours.”
#####
For a genius you can be remarkably thick and insensitive.
John lifted himself off his chair and laid down the journal he was reading on the table next to him. He took three steps towards Sherlock and stood in front of his consulting detective. He licked his lips, brushed his fingers into the head of lush black hair, slowly pulling his fingers down lower across Sherlock's neck, shoulders, back and rested his hand on the edge of a pair of blue silk pyjama bottoms.
After finishing the whole flask of tea, the trio went back on board the TARDIS. Sherlock’s face was slightly sunburnt. The Doctor handed them some yellowish goo and told them it will get rid of the burn in a couple of minutes. Sherlock took the jar and walked off to apply it. John quickly got The Doctor to help him with the internet, and uploaded the first part of their honeymoon onto his blog.
“I need your help. Find Sherlock.”
“Oh don’t you dare deny it. I have evidence, mister.”
During time travel:
In the three months between Dartmoor and the fall, Sherlock made some progress with his grasp on human interaction. He would give Mrs Hudson an occasional hug when she brings breakfast, or a pat on Greg's back when he says something clever at a crime scene. Sherlock kept a diary on his daily interactions and observations of his own emotional quadrant. It took him 29 days to realise he is in love with John, and John loves him more than he cared to admit. In the days before the fall, Sherlock would sit next to John every night in front of the telly and falls asleep on his lap intentionally, absorbing as much data as possible, locking it in his mind palace. The fall was a fixed point in time. There is nothing Sherlock or The Doctor could have done to change that. Sherlock will still have to go away for a period of time, dismantling Moriarty’s criminal network around the globe. He will have to wait until it's safe before he can claim John as his.
The Doctor couldn’t help himself. After all that they have been through (and one more big hurdle for The Doctor), he couldn’t let Sherlock leave John hanging. He had set up the phones to route through the TARDIS’ encrypted network. When Sherlock finally noticed the last message, he was comforted by John’s reply.
“Mmmm…” Sherlock knew they weren’t going anywhere near John again. No point asking where they are going.
"The name is Sherlock Holmes, and the address is 221B Baker Street." He winked, turned around and left.
John removed the note from the gift wrapper and placed it in the left inner pocket of his coat, close to his heart. Slowly, he unwrapped the gift and finds a mobile - similar to one he carried around that belonged to The Woman. He switched it on, found it locked with the same lock screen. He didn’t think twice before entering the password Irene Adler had.
During time travel:
Click on the image to view full image. It will clear out some confusion (if you have any, otherwise you are amazing) ! xx WH
.” Sherlock knew what The Doctor meant. He chose the new squash court, and The Doctor left him alone to build his own room (by thinking about it - TARDIS builds the room for you). It wasn’t an easy task. Sherlock was getting exhausted after 4 hours as if he was physically rebuilding the room with his own two hands. Also, The Doctor’s no smoking rule in the TARDIS and he’d left his nicotine patches back at the flat. He needs some adrenaline, now.
“Right, then. This won’t be easy but I think you will make it a good one. Come along, Holmes!"
Sherlock felt his husband's hand on the small of his back, lingering between skin and silk.
Before Sherlock could say another word, the door to the lab clicked open. Sherlock instinctively turn his head around and saw Mike walking in with someone else - a very familiar face… no, a very familiar bone structure. He first noticed the zygomatic bones, slightly lower on the left, then the maxilla, mandible, frontal, temporal (slightly obstructed by his hair) and stared into his nasal bone. The man twitched his face, a subconscious behaviour indicating his discomfort with Sherlock’s stares. Sherlock turned his head back around facing The Doctor, and with his eyes wide open, The Doctor nodded. In all of Sherlock’s life, only two people he knows had the capability of communicating with him via micro expressions and cues - Mycroft Holmes and The Doctor.
Next chapter: The Doctor really takes them somewhere. I promise.
It wasn’t John’s intention to leave Mrs H alone, but he needed some time to sort out his own demons. He was so close to telling Sherlock how he felt, and they have made significant progress in their relationship leading up to the fall. John had regrets - he should have told Sherlock he loved him, should have cherished their time together, should have spent more time in love with Sherlock.
“Good luck,” he said, opening the door to reveal the sitting room of 221b Baker Street. “Ah. A little closer than I expected. Hope I didn’t knock over the telly again.” He turned to face Sherlock, adding, “Whatever happens, you can still change the future. Never, never ever give up.”
TL;DR - Leave a comment if you are interested to know. Otherwise, just accept that there are so many unknown time travel laws, no one really knows how it all works, even The Doctor!
“Now, yes doctor Watson, it is bigger on the inside. I am taking you both on a
Edit: I'm stuck. I think the adventures will take on another series. Had fun writing smut, hope you've enjoyed it!
“Hello Sherlock.”
“Tea?” John pushed a mug over the kitchen table –
“Why do you remember them, you mean?”
Sherlock sighed. “I don’t want to avoid the fight all together – it needed to happen, I think, and it lead to a breakthrough in the case. Plus, I don’t want to change anything I don’t have to.” The Doctor gave what he interpreted as an approving nod.
“We need to invite one more to our wedding.”
Future-Sherlock knew there was no avoiding this moment and started his story from the night before John and Mary’s wedding in the aborted timeline, explained the where, what and when, avoiding the why - John.
“Basil.” He replied. John wasn’t convinced, but accepted it by reaching his hand out for a handshake.
Back in the TARDIS, future-Sherlock and The Doctor were planning their next stop. Sherlock pointed out that the puzzle would be easier to solve without the fall.
The Doctor cleared his throat at that comment and pointed to himself when his friends looked at him suspiciously.
You are angry. You should be angry. I had to protect you John. I had to protect us. This was my only option. I wanted to avoid dying if at all possible. I am sorry, please forgive me. SH
“Come on. Unpack your bag and take a shower. You smell a little funky. I’ll cook dinner and you can tell me what happened over it.” Sherlock nodded and lifted them both off the sofa, grabbed his bag and walked towards his room.
WSSH <15:42; 25/12/2011>
“I think it’s time for you to tell me the story about where you learned to snog so brilliantly.” Sherlock could hear John smirking. When he realised what John was about to do to him, he tightened his grip on John's hand and pulled John into his chest, standing just one step away from their bedroom door.
Hopefully I will write it next week! xx
John thought while opening the card. The moment he saw the note, his eyes welled up with tears.
“Around. Last in Serbia before I was rescued.”
“Wher-
“As long as you are. Go and get some sleep. TARDIS won’t take you anywhere in that state.” Of course, The Doctor lied. He knew Sherlock was aware of some protocols in place where TARDIS would not cause harm to any life forms, which made his lie plausible.
#1: Mobile phones with the same number works as long as they are in the right location.
(See the end of the chapter for
," John said while gesturing his erection tenting up his pants.
“Where are we going, Doctor?” Sherlock asked as he followed John into their bedroom. John had already took out a duffle bag, stuffing both their clothes into it while humming the wedding song.
I love you.
Mycroft knew who was involved. He had seen the string of numbers in some archived documents written by Margaret Thatcher, Sir Winston Churchill and some from The Queen herself. There is only one constant amongst the changes happening in the universe - The Doctor.
“You are most welcome. I will see you again very soon, Holmes.” Sherlock gave The Doctor a gentle nod, and The Doctor swiftly left Bart’s and back into the TARDIS. Upon stepping in, he found future-Sherlock sitting next to the blue buttons of the TARDIS, deep in his mind palace.
“Hello John.” Sherlock quietly whispered. John shifted slightly again, closed his eyes tightly a few times without opening them and frowned before he lifted one sleepy eyelid.
, savouring the bliss of rare domesticity in 221B Baker Street.
“Okay.” The Doctor was cautious.
Sherlock took another day before he could walk on his own, and The Doctor made good on his promise. They landed in a village, next to a tree with a small path leading up to a cottage. Cool clean air filled Sherlock’s lungs as he breathed in greedily. His body warmed up as the sun shone bright above him. After spending weeks locked up underground in Serbia, he is happy to see fields of greens and bees buzzing busily in between the flowers around the cottage.
“What is that noise Sherlock? Don’t make me order the velvet cake instead of chocolate!” John yelled from the bath. The Doctor jumped when he turned around and saw Sherlock standing by the window, eyes wide open, staring at The Doctor and the TARDIS.
47 seconds later, he heard a chime on his phone and it was a text from Molly - ‘
“I missed this. You. I was so bored, so lonely when you were away.”
“It may have changed, or it may not have at all. You won’t know until you go out there.” He said quietly, settling one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
before John will walk into the lab.
“So, Doctor. You are not a medical doctor. You are a time traveller, Sherlock’s friend and this box is a time machine. Your name is not Basil. And
“Schroedinger's cat.” Sherlock murmured, and The Doctor gave a small smile.
Thanks for reading this far, really enjoyed cracking my head for this story!
Exhausted and slouching on the sofa, both arms laid on his side with palms facing the ceiling, he tilted his chin up and locked his eyes on the skull, on those hollow eye sockets. Sherlock remembered how he used to have a conversation with it, as if it could really hear him. Suddenly, he found himself having a conversation with the skull in his head...
The Doctor pranced towards and leaned against the TARDIS. Sherlock stood up, wanted to go after his other self when The Doctor shook his head. John raised both his eyebrows when he heard Sherlock breathed harder. He held his arms tight around Sherlock as he slumped down into John’s lap, burying his face into John’s shoulder.
The Doctor glanced around the park and saw someone walking by with a coffee labelled ‘
After the case ended, John held Sherlock by his wrist and dragged him back to their room. They were staying one more night before leaving back to London the next morning. John knew it was the doctor in him that wanted to help Sherlock out of his emotional insecurities, but at the same time his heart knew he’s doing this for his own benefit too.
“I-- I promise I won’t do anything rash. Last stop, please.” Sherlock plead with a stifled sob.
John didn’t move. Instead he looked at Sherlock and said, “I know you haven’t had a lot of friends, Sherlock, or a lot of experience with fear or relationships or, or, a lot of stuff.” He paused here, clutching for the right words. “I know you’re always going to be an insensitive git, and probably so and I, sometimes. But I’ll help you figure it out, if you’ll let me.” The Sherlock in front of him nodded, looking a bit dazed, until his eyes lit up and he followed John, who had executed a military turn as he’d finished speaking.
Now that the wedding is over, The Doctor is taking them away for their honeymoon!
He is nervous, unsure of what will happen next, what would John say, wondering how his life would be different from when he left 5 minutes ago. Everything he did in the past week all comes down to this moment. Will this be a
John was perplexed. Unconsciously he sat up and posed like how Sherlock would when he is in his mind palace.
"I talk to it. Helps me think."
WSSH <15:34; 25/12/2011>
“Sorry. I really am.” Sherlock sat in front of John and laid his palms on both John’s knees.
This chapter continues from Chapter 4 - in the TARDIS, after Sherlock was rescued from Serbia and sent back to London.
"Doctor. Come back for our wedding, will you?"
he thought. Much better. Checking his memories to be sure he wouldn’t cross paths with himself, he turned back towards the TARDIS.
“If you insist.”
“Somewhere fun! Bring gloves if you have them. Don’t want you to get stung!” The Doctor shouted from the living room.
WSSH <15:45; 25/12/2011>
Sherlock tuned into the conversation between Mary and John across the table just in time to hear that last sentence coming out of John towards Mary.
“John. We have a visitor.” Sherlock stated.
From afghanistanorgallifrey (bigblueboxat221b): Let's be real, here: the credit for most of this belongs to whitehart - the first idea, ALL of the timey wimey stuff, most of the writing! She's just brought me along for the ride, Jack Harkness-on-the-outside-of-the-TARDIS-style! Twisting my brain around the rules/consequences of space/time travel has been exhausting! It's been exhilarating watching whitehart explain how events work with respect to the Doctor's personal timeline and Sherlock and John's memories and perspectives. Thank you all for reading our (her) effort. :)
LOCKED
The Doctor led him up to the cottage window, half covered by a curtain. Sherlock looked in and saw two old man sitting next to each other, arms around each other and the blond man's head on the other's shoulder in front of a telly. They were watching a documentary about the extinction of Bornean Orangutan.
Sherlock blinked at him. “Something happened to me; something I’ve not really experienced before…” he trailed off, and John did not interrupt, as Sherlock remembered he had last time-- this time. “But it was more than that. It was doubt. I felt doubt. I’ve always been able to trust my senses, the evidence of my own eyes, until last night.”
That flinch was a sign, a tell-tale sign that Sherlock was pretending. If he was really in his mind palace, he would have groaned and shifted in his chair. John had the luxury of experimenting with it in the earlier days of their partnership, touching different parts of his flat mate (back then) and analysing his different reactions.
A/N: This is John and Sherlock's first night back together. John waited for a long time, not knowing if Sherlock will ever come home. Naturally, they have some issues to sort out, and both being alpha males (Captain John and Genius Sherlock) they are tugging and pulling at each other to figure out their dynamic in bed - at least that was how I imagined it.
I love you too, and I missed you. Merry Christmas you prick.
They were standing in the middle of 221B Baker Street.
“I remember.” Sherlock was talking to himself as he recalled where that string of numbers came from - the TARDIS.
“Well here we are, home sweet home!” The Doctor cried as the TARDIS wheezed to a stop. He looked over at Sherlock, doing a double take to see the frozen expression on his face.
“Personal boundaries, Sherlock. You will need to get a hang of it. No one likes it when you hang out their dirty laundry…”
John had put on his pants, trousers and an old army t-shirt before walking to the living room. He saw Sherlock, and
“They won’t sting unless you plan to take one of them back for an experiment. Just walk freely, imagine you are one of them,” The Doctor said when he noticed John had a worried look on his face, “Some of them are bigger than you are, and no one ever visits, so they can’t really tell the difference.” That statement made John shudder.
“Hello, John.” He spoke as soon as John stepped outside.
“Can’t breath, Sherlock.” The taller man lets go of him and apologised, placing a chaste kiss on his lips before pulling him out of the room and back into the corridors leading back into the control room.
“You will need a room, Holmes. You can take whichever you want and
Sherlock tuned out, once again retreating into his mind palace, leaving his lunch untouched on the table while Mary and John discussed the wedding and their future together. Sherlock started recalling the days he spent with John, remembering every detail in the lab where he first met John. He frowned when his recollection arrived on the day he jumped off the roof of St Bart’s. He came back to see John with a woman - this woman sitting across the table. She has John now, although Sherlock knows John loves his high-functioning sociopath best man just as much. Would everything be different if Sherlock didn’t have to leap off the roof? Could it have been him sitting next to John planning the wedding, a Watson-Holmes wedding?
Phew. This is my first time writing smut, and it is bloody satisfying. The little squabble in the middle wasn't part of the plan, but I got distracted and wrote this next to a mug of whisky.
John had never in a million years imagined something like this to be real. Although he had experienced some weird occurrences with The Doctor on Earth, he has never seen an alien (except The Doctor and the Daleks at their wedding), or travelled in time or space. Every single movement or light flickering drew his attention. His eyes were darting all over the room, trying to engrave as much as possible into his memory.
#1: Italic quotes are Sherlock's inner thoughts.
“The Spallation Neutron Source, dear John.”
“The problem with sensory input is that is can be so often subjective.” Sherlock explained carefully. “This afternoon in Dewar’s Hollow is one example, but there are more mundane examples that baffle me still. What may seem noteworthy to one person is not to another. Without enough data for comparison, it can be difficult to know what is statistically significant and what is not. I have a tendency to become…frustrated when I have to deal with unfamiliar types of data.”
Hello everyone! Here's a timeline map I've used to reference in writing this story. The notes in the timeline map is slightly different from the final story (the timey-wimey stuff's fault), but it doesn't steer far away from the final story.
“But how did you know my name, Doctor
“Wait here. I’ll knock when it’s clear.” The Doctor walked out of the TARDIS and closed the door behind him. The TARDIS landed in the middle of 221B.
wedding too? Or will he have sacrificed himself for himself in the other parallel universe and continue to suffer in heartache here?
“Doctor. Is there another way?” Sherlock asked. The Doctor shook his head.
Sorry. Need to know you are safe. SH
“John! John! You are amazing! You are fantastic!” Sherlock’s voice was muted as he turned the corner, chasing John out of the graveyard.
As soon as he realised he ran out of things to look at, he picked up his bag and opened the front door.
“Let’s take you back home now, shall we? I think you've seen enough.”
“John! Come here. Let me show you something.”
…” John pointed towards future-Sherlock. “That is also Sherlock?” He looked back and forth between both Sherlocks.
“No, I can’t believe that. But I did see it, so the question is: How? How?”
“I’ve not had the same experiences as other men my age. It changes the way I see the world. Sometimes that is to my advantage. Other times it is not.”
JHW  <15:43; 25/12/2011>
#3: TARDIS' encrypted network is unbreakable, because TARDIS exists in all space & time.
Sherlock was just about to turn around and finish making that custard when The Doctor stood up from his stool.
"Would you like to see the rest?"
“Did you delete it already?” Molly drew a long sigh, pursed her lips and explained how Sherlock was being a jerk and Greg had enough of Sherlock getting his name wrong. Apparently Greg’s wife was cheating on him with a man named Graham, and Sherlock tipped him over the edge this time. Though she was answering Sherlock, Molly’s attention was fixed on The Doctor.
“That Sherlock out there, he is me. I knew the risks when I boarded the TARDIS the first day. If it means I will have John by my side till the day I die, I’m ready to accept the consequences to my actions.” Sherlock said while he stood up, straightened his shirt and walked towards the door. It was still open when The Doctor came in.
However to John, his mind is set to stay put until Sherlock comes home. Although there is a hint of relief in his life knowing Sherlock isn’t really dead, he still worries excessively on a daily basis. His nightmares returned, only now instead of civilians dying in his arms, it was Sherlock. Not knowing when would be the day, he can only wait, and hope that his patience is not spent in vain.
“I am not accustomed to any level of intimacy with another person. Knowing what is and what is not within the normal parameters stretches my experience, John. I know what I feel, but I have no basis for comparison. I can only…try.”
“Glad you remember.” John smiled with his eyes wrinkled, thinking Sherlock’s reply was to his question. He removed the plates from between Sherlock’s elbows on the table and left the dishes in the sink to soak. He turned his head and saw Sherlock in his mind palace posture, decided to let him be while he prepared tea for the both of them.
Both Sherlocks said the same thing at the same time. The Doctor rubbed his palms together, “Oh. This is interesting. Weird, but good.”
“What?” Sherlock snarled at The Doctor.
“John, Mike, I’ll see you shortly. Gotta run!” The Doctor turned on his heel and paced away from the bench. His part of the plan done, it’s now up to Sherlock to make it happen.
“I’m not the groom, or the ‘bride’, Doctor. I wish I am.” Sherlock turned around facing The Doctor, leaving the pot of liquid simmering over low heat on the stove. “I don’t even mind being the bride, in a dress, as long as John stays. Doctor, help me, please.” Tears were flowing steadily down Sherlock’s cheek as he plead. He never begs, but he will for John.
“Of course he- I am not dead. I would not be here otherwise, Doctor.”
John shifted his body a little to the side and pressed his groin onto Sherlock's forearm.
“Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade. I would like to make you an offer. I will solve 10 cases of your choice in exchange for Bart’s access today.” Sherlock knew Lestrade wouldn’t be able to resist the offer after getting his name right, but he certainly did not make it easy for Sherlock. After a few moments of negotiation, they both agree to 16 cases of the DI’s choice and a written apology from Sherlock with a promise to remember his name correctly from now on - Gregory Lestrade. Sherlock knew his old self wouldn’t remember that name, but he made it a point to frame a picture of Lestrade with his name carved on the edge of the frame, and hung it on his mind palace corridor.
John went in for a kiss. Sherlock felt his lips curved upwards. It was a gentle peck on the lips, but it conveyed John’s joy, relieve, pain, frustration and love for him. They sat on the sofa with arms around each other for another minute before John broke the silence.
Sherlock puts down his bag by the opened door and knelt next to the sofa. John was still dreaming. His eyelids flickered while mumbling something incomprehensible. Sherlock carried his left leg and straightened it on the sofa, and did the same with John’s right. John shifted when his right leg touched the sofa, and he whispered Sherlock’s name.
“Yes I always do. John is pleasant to look at.” Sherlock was feeling a little uncomfortable, getting caught staring at John. It wasn’t the first time, but John used to stare back until Sherlock comes out of his mind palace, and they would laugh at each other until it was time to have a cup of tea. “Sorry, I must go. Excuse me.” Gently he pushed his chair back and stood up, taking a few steps away from the table. Without turning back, he said goodbye to John and promised he will clean up before John’s arrival tonight.
"Need your help, Doctor." Sherlock was suppressing his emotions. He could feel a deep well in his stomach throwing waves within.
Walking closer to Bart’s, Sherlock saw his old self strutting down the street, away from the building.
The Doctor tended to Sherlock’s wounds, Mycroft sat in a chair at the corner while future-Sherlock watched from the door before The Doctor pulled him into another room.
WSSH <15:37; 25/12/2011>
“Because I care about you, Sherlock. Because I care about you more than I thought I would, more than I am capable of. But if you would let me, I swear to God I will try and try and try… until the day you can see why.”
!" John said sarcastically while bringing tea out from the kitchen. Both The Doctor and Sherlock are idiots when it came to social interactions, and the sarcasm completely flew over their heads. They both took turns explaining to John how 'not nice' that was, having Daleks yelling about and exterminating their wedding cake in the process. Mrs Hudson was really upset that the cake was ruined, more than the fact that she was almost killed at the wedding. Only when John pointed out that The Doctor is an alien and he was at the wedding, they both stared at each other and started laughing heartily.
John frowned and stared at Sherlock for two seconds. It was the longest two seconds of Sherlock’s life. John broke the silence and walked towards Sherlock. John held Sherlock’s hand in his right while his left hand reached out to the tuxedo hanging on the mantelpiece, pulling Sherlock’s left arm with him. Gently, John shoved the pile of cloth into Sherlock’s chest, locking his fingers into Sherlock’s right.
“If I had let myself go back without a reason to be in the lab, I will never have met John. You're alien. Your DNA sequence will be a very good reason for me to run off to the lab.” Sherlock continued to fill The Doctor in with the events of the day and The Doctor knew exactly what they needed. Sherlock agreed with The Doctor’s plan and looked at his mobile for the time -
“I found him, Doctor. And he is getting married tomorrow.” Sherlock is now over the stove with a pot of yellow-ish liquid on the heat, with his back facing The Doctor.
"Oh my, you don't sound happy to hear my voice- wait, you called me- I'm not sure anymore. Time travel does that to you!"
“So what’s your plan, Sherlock?” The Doctor asked. He’d taken a bigger role than he’d realised in their previous stop; John would recognise him now, though, so perhaps Sherlock would prefer him to remain unseen this time.
. They are a sapient insectoid species, spent some time on Earth but they went home couple centuries ago. Oh! Before that, we need to make a stop at Darillium and make a dinner reservation.”
John lifted his head a few moments later. He stared intently into Sherlock’s eyes and bit his lower lip, holding back another sob.
“No. You’ve already seen too much-- no, no, no. I am sending you home as soon as I fix the chameleon circuit. Don’t want to risk blowing up the universe again, Holmes. The big bang isn’t as fun as I thought it would be. Although the laws of time has changed after the second big bang, the universe isn’t as stable as it used to be. I have seen things you wouldn’t believe. I have lost things you wouldn’t understand. Trust me, I am
“I need to know, Doctor.” Sherlock was being vague intentionally.
“Doctor! Nice to see you again!” Molly chimed.
Sherlock let out a deep sigh, lifted his head and forced a smile towards The Doctor. His tears are now heavy, falling off his chin in heavy droplets, and his voice cracked. “Unless there’s children crying?”
Sherlock stood up from his chair, dropped the tuxedo on the floor and gave John a loving kiss on the lips. As he pulled John away from his face and into his chest, his left hand still locked with John’s right, Sherlock turned his head towards the mantelpiece, chin resting on John’s head. Sherlock let out a sigh of relief and under his breath, he whispered into John's hair.
"Lestrade kept us busy after you left. An alien invasion at our wedding, how
Sherlock stood at the front door of 221 Baker Street while the driver pulled out his bag from the back and placed it by his left feet. Without a single word, the driver went back to the government issued black sedan and pulled the car away into the busy street.
“Did you, er get anywhere with that Morse code?” Sherlock asked.
While The Doctor was busy with John and Mike, Sherlock found his old self walking into Boots. He was going to get some extra supplies for his other experiment now that he’s kicked out of Bart’s for the day. Sherlock shadowed himself, keeping a good distance between them, observing his younger self pulling items off the shelf, into a basket full of syringes and bottles. 8 minutes later, Sherlock saw himself at the counter, paying for the items and heading away from Bart’s. Almost on instinct, Sherlock pulled out his mobile and called the one person who will help get him back into Bart’s - Lestrade.
He typed in the first three keys before he paused, feeling a little vain, ashamed and afraid that all his emotions poured into their lives in the last few years was all one-sided. He had to try. After all, Sherlock was being extra affectionate in the days before he 'died'.
“Who are you?” John looked up and frowned.
As the evening went by, John excused himself to bed while Sherlock was in his mind palace thinking about the case. When he realized John had gone to sleep, his eyes started wandering around the once again empty room. He found his gaze lingered on John’s tux hanging on the side of the mantelpiece, and within his peripheral vision, his old friend before John, before the flesh-and-blood John Watson. His gaze fixed on the skull while his inner thoughts repeatedly reminded him of John’s affection towards Mary, not him. He started considering  the possibility of creating his own John. After all, an abundance of John’s DNA was sitting on top of the fireplace.
Unbeknownst to Sherlock, The Doctor already has a plan in place to clean up the mess they made. He knew from the moment Sherlock stepped into the TARDIS, he would end up with two Sherlocks - one from the day before John and Mary’s wedding, and another from the current reality. Sherlock Holmes is one of a kind, and it needs to stay that way.
The Sherlock hiding behind the hedge held his breath, willing John not to mention their conversation to this younger version, who would have no idea what he was talking about.
“John, thank you,” was all Sherlock could manage without breaking down. He stayed composed as he took big steps towards the bathroom and locked himself in it, sliding down, hugging his knees with his back against the door.
“I’ve heard there’s some analogy about a Band-Aid,” The Doctor offered, pronouncing the word carefully as though it was foreign. “Something about ripping it off to lessen the pain.” Sherlock nodded absently, still staring at the door. The Doctor started walking slowly, hand still on Sherlock’s shoulder, guiding him forward.
“Sherlock!” Sherlock heard the front door slammed with a kick.
“Thank you, Doctor. He is amazing.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock blurted out without sounding like a deer caught in the headlights. He was excited, surprised, nervous and all of the above. Sherlock’s speech centre was now on auto pilot. Still trying to digest the current situation, he stored the conversation in his mind palace for further analysis later.
“Which one-- ah. The one in this time.” The Doctor stood up, and paced steadily towards the TARDIS. As he was unlocking the door, he turned his head and look at Mycroft. “Come along now Holmes. Don’t want to waste this opportunity being the hero now?”
“Good day, brother.” Strutting down the corridor, Sherlock greeted Mycroft sarcastically.
with a snap.
“Better?”
“That’s a weird name.” John said as The Doctor shook his hand with a firm grip.
"Hey, I know you're not really in there."
Sherlock led John through to the corridor, passing by the pool, libraries, and laboratories, detailing all his older adventures in the TARDIS to his husband but John couldn't pick up a word of it. Lastly they strode into John’s old room (the old Squash Court 7). Sherlock dropped their bags by the bed and held John in his arms. John was still in a daze, still wondering if he was dreaming. But he quickly realised that this is too advanced for his imagination and snapped out of his own head. He found himself held tight in Sherlock’s arms, face stuffed in his husband’s shoulder.
"Why are you staring, love?"
WSSH <15:44; 25/12/2011>
As they were walking down the hallway towards the mortuary, Sherlock couldn't help but grin - turning into a chuckle in a matter of seconds.
I sat next to the fireplace in 221B, with John right across me, reading a medical journal while fiddling with his wedding band. He does that all the time, especially when he's entertained by whatever he's doing.
Need to see you, NOW.
JHW  <15:45; 25/12/2011>
“Speaking of Sherlock, he’s looking for a roommate.” The Doctor promptly added.
“So, Mycroft pulled you out of Serbia? Really, just how powerful is your brother?” Sherlock couldn’t tell John about how The Doctor saved him without omitting what he saw in the cottage.
“Hello!” The Doctor stood in front of John with his hands behind his back.
“Sherlock, are you listening? Look at him John, is he always this occupied? It’s fascinating! Does he always stare at you like that, John?” Mary’s eyes had lit up in excitement, glancing back and forth between John and Sherlock.
In the living room, Sherlock wanted to examine his other self closer, but The Doctor wouldn’t let him. All three of them argued back and forth via micro expressions and shuffled around the living room. The Doctor stood between the two Sherlocks, spinning left and right as Sherlock tried to reach out to himself over and over. A few seconds was all it took for them to reach an agreement - no touching.
Trying not to laugh, The Doctor grinned awkwardly. "Sherlock, you will always be a child to me. I’m 900… and some years!” The Doctor paused for a moment, and an imaginary light bulb lights up above his head. “Oh, you knew I would say that. You ARE clever!” Sherlock now has a weak smile on his face, knowing that he has won the first battle in his war with time.
John snorted his agreement.
Be safe. Come back home soon.
“This should do the trick.” He shot a look at The Doctor to be quiet then tilted his head towards Molly. “Please take a look at this and give it to me when I come back next time. Thank you Molly. Doctor, it's time.” Sherlock walked towards the door and left Molly behind holding a strand of curly dark hair, confused. The Doctor bowed gently and left with Sherlock.
“No. No no no. This is not happening.” Sherlock pulled out his mobile and looked at the time -
“Molly Hooper, I assume, I’ve heard, well, nothing ‘bout you really, but I’m sure you’re excellent.” The Doctor was all charm, sweeping a low bow as he spoke. Molly looked flattered and confused at the same time, eyes darting from The Doctor to Sherlock and back. “You’re in different clothes, Sherlock.” She examined him more closely, her eyes going wide then narrowing in confusion. “Your hair is different, and...have you done something to your eyes?” Sherlock waved one hand impatiently at her questioning, but she continued to stutter along until he raised his voice a little, riding over her protestations.
“Ah! Sherlock. Eccentric fella!” Mike looked over at John. “Sherlock is a consultant for New Scotland Yard. He comes to my lab sometimes to run some experiments. Weird guy, but I’ve known him long enough to know he means no harm.”
“We need to take a quick detour.”
If you are enjoying this story do leave us kudos and comments! xx
Finally, John spoke, his voice sceptical. “And this is one of those times?”
Short chapter update! Aren't we all glad Sherlock is home? Next chapter will be sex, sex and more sex. Absolutely fantastic sex. If you are not interested in gay sex, please skip the next chapter. Story will resume in chapter 7.
The TARDIS whooshed out of the living room, sending pieces of paper flying all across creating a huge mess. Sherlock hears John stomping up the stairs, heavy, and mumbling to himself. Sherlock can only make out a few words like git, selfish, ran away, and disappeared, no idea, love…
#####
He spent most of the afternoon cleaning the flat. “I should do it for John. He will be pleased.” He cleared out most of his experiments on the kitchen table, washed out his mold cultures from the kettle, tidied up the books and pieces of paper scattered all over the floor, asked Mrs. Hudson nicely for fresh sheets and laid it out for John in his bedroom upstairs. As he was leaving John’s bedroom, the red chair with the plaid blanket on top caught his eye. Without thinking twice, Sherlock started shifting it out of the room, gently pulling it down the stairs and set it next to the fireplace where John used to sit.
“I am not going to apologise for stating facts.”
-moon you will not forget.” The Doctor dragged out the word ‘honey’ as if to hint Sherlock where they were heading to.
John couldn’t keep his eyes off Sherlock. He was like a five-year-old child opening Christmas presents in the middle of July. Sherlock spent a few hours looking at different species of bees, observing and making mental notes of their flight patterns, physical appearances and how different they are behaving in the wild. The Doctor caught up to them with mugs in one hand and a Thermos flask in the other.
Sherlock paced back and forth.
“Make sure the bees are in it too.”
He took a deep breath, [inhale and exhale], found his composure, and slowly exited the bathroom when he heard the kettle whistling.
Next morning Sherlock made sure to arrive at the cemetery before either John or himself; he had to be sure the conversation went more or less as it had last time. The two sets of memories from last night warred in his head, and it was distracting, but he forced himself to focus.
He looked up from his mobile and saw himself hailing a taxi. Sherlock knew himself too well to doubt where he was heading. As he walked back towards Bart’s, he checked his mobile for the time again -
"Speaking of pre-honeymoon, it has been what? A month since the wedding? How are we getting along? Any honeymoon plans?"
Both Sherlocks stared at each other and told the other to shut up. John trailed his fingers across the back of his head, up and over to his forehead and gave it a tight squeeze. He was already getting a headache in the presence of two high functioning sociopaths.
Warning: Sex ahead. Story continues in the next chapter.
“This was most certainly about that week in Baskerville. Never really figured out what that meant. John was quite sure it was someone flashing a morse code from the other side of the hill.”
It was nice, sitting in 221B with the man he loves and the man who loves them both, sipping tea and talking about the wedding.
#4: The TARDIS can't sustain having two of the same people from the same timestream. But because our Sherlocks are from two different timestream/reality, it was ok for them to be in the TARDIS, as long as they don't touch each other.
“The last time I did this, I had to blow up the entire universe with myself in it! I really don’t want to go through that experience again. It was…” The Doctor shivered. “We are already interfering with the Web of Time, and it could destabilise or destroy the entire space-time continuum.”
Sherlock had no idea what happened on Christmas Day 2011, the day future-Sherlock sent John a gift and told him he loved him.
After Christmas lunch, while Molly was helping Mrs Hudson with the dishes and Greg outside having a cigarette, The Doctor moved next to John. He was holding a gift, for John.
The whole month after the wedding was gloomy, as if the criminal network in London was out to stop them from consummating their marriage. Lestrade and Mycroft had a case for them every other day, all at least a 6. Two weeks into the month, Sherlock had put down his feet and declared that he will not accept anything but a 9 or 10, that was it - until John forced them to take on a human trafficking ring, with an orphanage as a front. That case took them one week to solve, and while they were nearing the end, Mycroft came with a 10.
At this blatant not-apology, John sighed and stood to walk away. “Yes.”
Quietly, Sherlock walked down the stairs and opened the door with The Doctor standing right in front of him. So many good memories of great adventures flowed through Sherlock’s mind in that instance.
was all John could ask himself.
“John. How is John?” Sherlock muttered weakly while The Doctor cleaned his wounds.
“Do not go any closer, Sherlock. You will not interact with him, see him or let him see you. You and him, you are not the same person. You do not exist in this new causal chain. Mary and John’s wedding did not happen in this present reality. Your knowledge of the other reality is fragmenting the Web of Time. I have told you on the very first day that this is a huge risk, not only to you, but to the entire universe. I have a plan, but you need to stay out of sight until I come for you. Nod if you understand me.” Sherlock stared blankly between The Doctor’s eyes and nodded. He walked back into his room, studying The Doctor’s words and the gravity of this situation.
Future-Sherlock stood up from the sofa, and walked towards John and Sherlock. His heart was beating hard against his chest, nervous and not knowing what could turn out from what he was about to do. Removed from existence -
.” The Doctor spoke quietly, lowering his head in defeat. He wanted to save Sherlock, both Sherlocks, but he knew from the very beginning it was never possible. Sherlock took the chance and the risk, now he will face the consequences.
Both versions of Sherlock had 23 days of exposure to the Time Vortex when they were younger (before Sherlock met John) when they went on an adventure and found the skull, which is why Sherlock remembers everything.
“No, not that. Sorry I manipulated you into falling in love with me. That was a bit not good.” Sherlock’s eyes were looking down at John’s wriggling toes.
?” John asked while tracing his palm up and down Sherlock’s back, trying to soothe his panicking flatmate.
“Why not?” John cocked his head to the side and frowned.
“But you like it when I do that. I’ve noticed how you grin when I point out Anderson’s affair with Donovan, or Greg’s dissatisfying sex with his wife. The way you react subconsciously - when I pointed out the miserable state of your sexual relationship - implies that you enjoy seeing my brain work. Or am I wrong? I can't be wrong about that. It's obvious!”
They spent half the day in Melissa Majoria. Half the time they were there, Sherlock pranced around in fields of flower, excited to see the original habitat of Migrant Bees. Fields of flowers stretched towards the horizon, and the entire planet was covered in tall stalks of flowers, bees as big as their faces.
Sherlock hesitated, then pushed send. John was highly unlikely to show the message to Sherlock; in fact there was an 84% chance he would delete it within ten minutes of receiving it. It was a risk, to be sure, but wasn’t this whole venture a risk?
?” John asked with extra emphasis on The Doctor’s ‘name’.
“Hello Doctor! Haven’t seen you around here for awhile. Good to see you!” Greg said.
“Oh. Attitude. Attitude is good. I like an attitude. Where did you get that from? Why are you--” Before The Doctor could say more, Sherlock walked up to The Doctor, their face so close they could feel each other’s breath on the tip of their noses. “Bored.” Sherlock backed away and spun dramatically, facing away from The Doctor.
Sex on the TARDIS. You're welcome.
As much as Sherlock would like to spend some alone time with his husband, he couldn’t say no to a 10. The quicker he solves this, the sooner he can have John in bed. With that goal in mind, Sherlock solved the case in 129 hours, 2 boxes of Jaffa cakes, 421 cups of tea or coffee, and a total of 107 minutes in accidental power naps. John only recalled having ‘not enough’ of everything - not enough food, water and sleep; too much caffeine, sugar and yelling at each other. Sex was non-existent. At the end of day three, he blacked out thinking that both of them will die if Sherlock doesn’t crack the case now.
are we?” Sherlock asked cautiously. The Doctor was doing something to the controls of the TARDIS, frowning at the flickering screen.
With Sherlock’s permission, Doctor Watson set to work on a regimen for Sherlock, and his own way into Sherlock’s heart.
“Will you let me help you?”
The Doctor was looking for John. He knew John’s scent from his visit to Baker Street. Tilting his head up, The Doctor started sniffing in all directions. “Ah! This way!” He found the scent he was looking for, and paced quickly towards it, sniffing and walking as if he was a hound tracking down prey. A few minutes later, he found himself walking towards a bench in the park. There, he saw John with someone, having a quiet but stern conversation. The Doctor wasted no time, and moved towards them.
Gently, he opened the door to find himself spot on. John was on the sofa, sleeping, with both his legs dangling off the side, the window behind Sherlock’s chair slightly ajar, telly was on low volume airing a documentary from History channel.
“I’m not like other people, John.” The table Sherlock had picked was deep in shadow; he knew John would recognise his voice, and he did need to disguise his aged appearance somewhat.
John caught on immediately and his eyes twinkled. Since The Doctor told John about time travel, he never had the chance to go on the TARDIS. All he had were stories in Sherlock’s time travel diary. For many nights he had dreamt of going into space with Sherlock, drinking tea in a world with fishes swimming in the skies, sunbathing on a beach of rubies instead of sand, and having dinner with a view of seven moons. The Doctor’s last visit was cut short by Daleks invading the wedding, but he remembered The Doctor’s promise, giving them one trip to anywhere in space and time as their wedding gift. John was ready to claim that gift.
“You will have to ask him yourself.” The Doctor said nonchalantly.
“I am well aware of THAT, DOCTOR!” Sherlock yelled.
“Hello, you must be the older Holmes! Came here as quickly as I could!”
. See? See how nice it is to say it?"
“Well, I’m not alone. Someone you need to meet. Someone you both need to meet.” The Doctor knocked the door and future-Sherlock opened the door.
Sherlock took a huge step into the TARDIS and shuts the door behind him. “Geronimo.”
John blinked hard, twice.
The Doctor turned the flickering screen around towards Sherlock and showed him the letters floating on the screen.
John stopped, turning decisively to Sherlock. “Will you explain what happened last night?” His words were firm, but there was a note of pleading behind it.
“Sherlock, would it be alright if I used my old bedroom for the night?”
Sherlock and The Doctor made their way into the kitchen. While Sherlock tried to make custard with milk, sugar and egg yolks, The Doctor told him stories of his latest adventures with Clara.
The next day, Sherlock found himself in the presence of Doctor John Watson, the man he was destined to find,
“Serbia. Interesting.” The Doctor jerked when he heard a loud thud on the door. He opened a small crack and peeked outside. A familiar head was against it and flopped to the side. It was Sherlock, unconscious. Mycroft saw his brother outside and dragged him into the TARDIS. The Doctor scanned Sherlock with the sonic screwdriver and returned to the screen in the middle of the console.
During time travel:
A/N: John shouldn’t remember seeing future-Sherlock because he was never exposed to the time vortex, but because John is in The Doctor’s personal timeline, it is possible for him to retain that memory (Amy remembered two versions of The Doctor’s death in Utah from ep. The Wedding of River Song).
#####
. They spent the rest of the evening catching John up on a cold case Lestrade had given to Sherlock two days ago when John was busy with wedding matters.
“Sherlock... come here.” John leaned towards Sherlock, reaching his left arm towards Sherlock’s shoulder.
John, who had walked outside with a decidedly military air, stopped dead, waiting. Louise had just walked off on him when she realised he was investigating Henry Knight, Sherlock remembered.
“So, what seems to be the problem?” The Doctor asked after ending his second story.
“Not sure yet.” Sherlock mused. “I’ll have to think about this one.”
“Is he now? Well, John here is looking for one too! What a coincidence!” Mike said.
#####
are not supposed to see each other the night before the wedding! Now take this and go back to the hotel. I’ll see you tomorrow at the altar.”
“Not as weird as Sherlock Holmes.” The Doctor looked over to Mike and gave him a smile.
Night before The Wedding
“I’m not going anywhere, love. And both my feet are getting numb. Mind getting off me?” John chuckled. Sherlock quickly released John from their embrace and hopped off John’s lap.
Sherlock shifted closer to John’s face, letting his fingers brush over John’s ash brown hair.
"Why are you here Doctor?"
“Precisely.”
'The Butt Pinch' was by far the most consistent. John tried it in 27 different occasions and was caught twice. The first time was when they were in Dartmoor, after he had spent the evening looking for the source of a Morse code (which turned out to be teenagers shagging at the back of their car). Sherlock was in their room, so deep in his mind palace, didn't even notice John came back, showered and slept naked right next to him. Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed, back facing John who was lying on his side trying to sleep.
“One of you is enough to manage, but two? You were both right that The Doctor brought me my worse nightmare.” John rolled his eyes at Sherlock.
Sherlock was sent back to Mycroft’s office after a quick trip to the future. The Doctor waddled back into the TARDIS and headed towards the old Premium Squash Court VII. He gave the door a gentle knock, and a grunt came from inside.
#1: Mobile phones with the same number works as long as they are in the right location.
“You're awake! You've been out cold for awhile. John... I can’t tell you. But I can show you once you feel better.”
Both times when John was caught, Sherlock never groaned and his body was stiff, except for the involuntary muscle flinching. The second time he even admitted that he was pretending so that he could ignore Lestrade.
Sherlock had met Amy once back in the day. When she found out Sherlock was getting hitched, both her and Rory called, telling him all about the cake at Rory's stag night. Rory wasn't angry at The Doctor for jumping out of a cake, he was angry because he announced his little peck on the lips with Amy in front of his friends! Not that it mattered after their pre-honeymoon to ancient Venice and everything else that followed.
Two weeks later, John found himself cleaning 221B, with his luggage once again at the front door. He was moving back in. Mrs Hudson was delighted, and The Doctor was still visiting for his weekly dose of custard and scones. John had to, and want to be there for Mrs H after Sherlock’s fall because she still believed Sherlock is gone forever. He was like a son she never had - a rude, demanding and wild-tempered son. To the world outside of 221B, John tried to leave his life with Sherlock behind, and failed miserably. Now that he is back in 221B, everyone - especially Greg, thought that his kind heart took over his own sorrow, putting Mrs Hudson above his own pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You're a time traveler now. Sherlock. It changes the way you see the universe, forever. Good, isn't it? Besides, you can delete whichever you don't want. This ‘mind palace’ thing. You have to teach me that some time, eh?”
Thinking about drinking made Sherlock wonder…inspired, he took out his phone, checking the time. John had seen him drinking at the fireside; it was entirely plausible that he’d gone on drinking. Sherlock knew that his original self had, in fact, gone upstairs and stared at the ceiling for most of the night, trying to convince himself that there was a rational explanation for what he had seen. John would not know that; Sherlock had lain still the whole night, making no sound.
Sherlock looked confused, but he continued on his own train of thought, “So nothing on the Morse code…how about Louise Mortimer?”
WSSH <15:40; 25/12/2011>
before John walks into the lab.
“Doctor. Where-”
“What did you say Doctor? Say that again!” Sherlock quickly got up on both his feet and paced towards The Doctor.
“Sherlock? SHERLOCK!” John’s eyes shot open, pushing Sherlock and himself up from their horizontal position and yelled Sherlock’s name repeatedly. Still holding onto Sherlock’s body, John pulled Sherlock into a hug, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock could feel his tears, warm breath and light sobs against his skin, held his arms and wrapped it around John’s shoulders.
#2: TARDIS adjusts all date and time of your devices (digital or analog) to the date & time of your location.
Sherlock shot up from the floor, wasted no time at all and immediately went into his mind palace, searching for the room labelled
“There must be something… UGH!” Sherlock was overwhelmed with frustration while plotting his next move with The Doctor. Both their hair looked like there was a hurricane in the TARDIS, throwing their curls in all directions. So far, every single idea from Sherlock has been shot down by The Doctor.
“John. You know I’m insensitive and oblivious to emotional cues. I’m sorry I had to hide this whole ordeal from you. You reacted exactly how I thought you would, although Mycroft told me otherwise. He said my expectations of your reactions would be as if you knew I was alive.”
“I need to find Molly.” Sherlock stated, obviously with a plan in mind, and The Doctor did not say another word as he let Sherlock walk past him.
Wish I could tell you more, but the less you know, the safer you are. Please know and remember wherever I am, I will always come back to you. I will stay alive for you, John. You will always be my conductor of light, and I am now your Christmas miracle. Be well for me. SH
"You lost weight. Did they not feed you in… where were you?”
A rapid series of knocks on the front door startled John out of his thoughts. A familiar voice came booming by the door and he caught the face from the corner of his eye - Doctor
Took him longer than he wanted, but 4 seconds was still commendable given that it was 9 years ago and 23 time-traveling days that didn't belong anywhere. He opened the door in full swing and found himself standing in the library of the TARDIS. Hurriedly he walked past shelves, touching every book he saw. Upon finding a phone number, he left his mind palace, held up his mobile and dialed the number. Sherlock found himself on his feet, pacing the living room, avoiding piles of paper and case files as he maneuvered back and forth...
WSSH <15:43; 25/12/2011>
John answered this time, as Sherlock remembered, though his tone was softer, less accusatory. “You can’t actually believe that you saw some kind of monster.”
Sherlock stood up from the sofa, straightening out his shirt while waiting for John to reach the top of the stairs.
“You should meet Rory one day. I’m sure you both will have so much to talk about! He’s always waiting, and you are always sacrificing. Always! Why is that?” Sherlock shrugged The Doctor’s question and left the room. The Doctor leaped off the bed and followed suit.
John saw his posture and knew he’s gone. He shuffled towards Sherlock and placed a gentle kiss on his forehead, pondering if his list was a selfish act-- no, he wasn’t going to regret this one bit. He shook his head to clear his thoughts, and sat back down on his own chair, reading Sherlock’s copy of Agatha Christie’s ‘
"Bad time, Doctor."
The Doctor sent Sherlock back to Mycroft’s office, 3 days after Sherlock was rescued from Serbia. Sherlock was debriefed and Mycroft announced the end of their mission. Anthea was right outside Mycroft’s office, ready to take Sherlock home to Baker Street. In the car, Sherlock took out a newspaper cut-out photo of him and John. It was the only thing that kept him going, that all he has went through in the past two years was for John, and that future he saw they had together.
#1: Mobile phones with the same number works as long as they are in the right location.
John caught me staring without looking up. His observational skills has improved so much over the years, especially after our wedding. I should pretend to be in my mind palace. Love it when he does things to me thinking I wasn't aware.
"Mmm. Yes."
“Ah, you must be The Doctor.”
“Hello doctor Watson. Nice to see you again!” The Doctor look a quick glance downwards and turned back to face Sherlock.
Eventually he was lost in his own mind, slowly drifting into slumber.
“I love you too John.”
Without saying another word, John left Mrs Hudson’s apartment and raced up to 221B. His mind was scrambled. So many questions, so many left unanswered. Walking into the living room of 221B and locking the door behind him, he sat down on Sherlock’s chair, gently running his fingertips over the note. After spending a few years with Sherlock, he has picked up a few things in the Science of Deduction. The note was definitely written recently, and he knows Sherlock’s handwriting better than his own. He is definitely alive. ‘
#2: TARDIS adjusts all date and time of your devices (digital or analog) to the date & time of your location.
“How did you- Doctor who?” John asked suspiciously. “You have a name?”
“No. Don’t do that. Maybe you did manipulate me but I was already in love with you. You just shoved me in the right direction. Sherlock, look at me.” Sherlock looked up into John’s eyes.
“Ah crying. Humany-wumany. Good for you. Good! For! You! And that went better than expected.”
“Ow! Holmes!” The Doctor yelped.
“Sherlock! Why are yo- wha- I thought I saw you leav- Who-wha-WHAT is going on!?” John stuttered through his sentence and ended with a shout. Sherlock saw his face puffy, cheeks flushed, eyes swollen and his mouth slightly open, breathing hard. John’s fists were clenched tight. His knuckles were turning white.
This will be John’s first time on the TARDIS. He held Sherlock’s hand tightly as he stepped in the door. His eyes were wide open, mouth gaped in wonder. Sherlock gently tugged his husband into the centre of the control room while The Doctor prepared for their trip.
“Dartmoor, 10th March, 2011.” The Doctor confirmed, stepping out into the mild day. He raised his eyebrows at Sherlock, who nodded, following him out and looking around. They had landed at the back of the pub where he and John had stayed while investigating the Hounds of Baskerville. It was mid-afternoon, the day overcast but not rainy.
LOCKED
The Sherlock behind the hedge was also dazed, though part of his brain registered that he and John were now talking again about HOUND being an acronym.
“It’s Holmes! It’s been awhile, my scrumptious little beauty!” The Doctor adjusted his bow tie while sliding off the table, opening his arms inviting Sherlock for a hug.
“Yeah, I really thought you were dead. My limp came back and I needed to get away from everything that reminded me of you. Until Christmas. Glad I’m here, and you too Sherlock.”
The TARDIS landed in the corner of Mycroft’s office on the 4th November 2013. The Doctor walked out quietly and locked the TARDIS’ door behind him. Seeing an empty office, he made his way to Mycroft’s table and sat on his “mightier-than-thou” leather chair. Few minutes passed, and Mycroft walked into his office.
“Am I dreaming?” John squints and looked at Sherlock by the window. Sherlock stepped towards The Doctor while future-Sherlock hid between The Doctor and the TARDIS.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And that beside the fire, was that you trying?” John’s voice held a note of sarcasm, but Sherlock didn’t rise to the bait.
"I love you."
WSSH <16:37; 25/12/2011>
how it went last time, Sherlock thought from behind the hedge, heart pounding again. Come on, they had to finish in the same place…
As Sherlock made to walk past The Doctor and out into London, The Doctor put one hand on his arm. “You do have a plan?”
“What do you mean?” John asked, shifting his weight.
Are we allowed to do that? Going back and interfering with my past?” Sherlock asked while future-Sherlock gave him an uncomfortable stare.
“Uhm, Sherlock? I should tell you this before you walk into your room. I’ve been sleeping there ever since I moved back. Didn’t touch your things though. I’ll move my belongings back upstairs after dinner and you can have your room back. I’ll get you some clean sheets and--
"Looks like we have a guest."
“Maybe we should go and see what was that about?” The Doctor’s suggestion was received by a frantic nod from Sherlock. He was excited to see John again. The Doctor pulled a lever, and the TARDIS took them to where they needed to be.
“I am giving you my days. Be well, both of you.”
(whitehart) I lied! It's not over! The story can be read up till Chapter 7 as a complete story. Chapter 8 onwards are bits and pieces after the wedding, honeymoon and maybe kids? Eventually John finds out about the origin of the skull on the mantelpiece.
“You don’t have to.”
"Oh, hello, Sherlock Holmes! To what do I owe the pleasure?"
The Doctor took a deep breath before he continued, “there are fixed points through time where things must always stay the way they are. Your little stunt few years ago was one of them. However, with what happened after, there were opportunities for you to change future events, creating your own timeline, your own reality. You’ve seen how it turned out now, but we will never know what could be different if you made a different choice. We will never find out until it happens, and it may not be what you hoped for. Are you sure you want to do this?”
“Doctor, what do I do with it?” The Doctor knew it had something to do with Sherlock’s memories.
“So?” The Doctor asked, peering over the top of his glasses, looking amused and curious at the breathless Sherlock that had just burst in.
John cleared his throat. “About last night…” Sherlock peered around a leaf, seeing John and Sherlock looking at each other intently. John’s voice faltered, and he finished lamely, “…never mind.”
Next chapter: Another planet, this time for John.
A few hours later, Mycroft was sent back to his time. The Doctor promised to nurse his dear brother back to health before sending him home. Sherlock was unconscious for another day before he came to.
Sherlock, on the other hand, thought that John was being observant and saw through his shield. John sat Sherlock down on the edge of their bed, and lowered himself to squat in between Sherlock’s legs. His palms were on Sherlock’s knees to balance himself. Sherlock looked down, eyelids half mast, pupils dilated, his whole body tensed. John gently removed his hands, and sat himself down on the floor in front of Sherlock.
Note:
The Doctor took the photo. John and Sherlock in front of a field of flowers, bees buzzing busily above and behind them. Above them the skies were blue with a spot of cloud. John looked over at Sherlock smiling down looking at the photo. How can the world not see this? At that moment, John decided to write about their honeymoon on his blog, along with the photo. It’s about time the world realise what an amazing man Sherlock is.
“Who is- what is that?” John was wrapped in a towel from waist down, drops of water trickled down his neck onto his shoulders and he stood very still by the kitchen.
Sherlock cracked it just in the nick of time. As Mycroft took over the rest of the operation, Sherlock collapsed next to John on the sofa and they slept through the next 14 hours. They woke up in each other’s arms, aroused, but still too sluggish to do anything. John’s stomach growled and Sherlock’s followed shortly after. After staring at each other for a short while, they both got into the shower. John couldn’t wait any longer. Facing Sherlock, he wrapped his hands around both their lengths rubbing against each other. Hurriedly he tugged both of them into a long awaited orgasm. Sherlock’s knees gave in right when he came and John couldn’t see straight. They both agreed that they are too weak and tired at that moment, and should do more after dinner. After a quick shower, John ordered Chinese take away while Sherlock started the fire in the fireplace. Dinner arrived in 20 minutes. Sherlock and John couldn’t be bothered with niceties and ate out of the boxes with chopsticks and hands. They settled in their own chairs with a cup of tea, John with a medical journal and Sherlock re-cataloguing the case in his mind palace.
“There is another way, but it might be worse than this. I can still send you back to the aborted reality, Sherlock. It could have split into another reality, or it could be just
John blushed a little, thinking The Doctor was flirting with him, and maybe even stalking him? For the first time in months, John felt good about himself. Someone was interested in him, and an attractive man too. John didn’t mind the awkwardness between them, or that he was a man. He had his fair share of same-sex encounters during his tour in Afghanistan. Besides, The Doctor was exactly his type - tall, lanky and brunette, someone you don’t find in the Army a lot...
“Merry Christmas!” The Doctor had his arms held all the way up with a small gift on his right hand, smiling from cheek to cheek.
“I was supposed to be in there, whipping a corpse with Molly…” A train of thoughts hit Sherlock right in his face, shattering his body with pulses.
“John will walk out of there this evening at around 10.15pm. If I can talk to him, give him some insight into me that he doesn’t have yet,” Sherlock shrugged. “I don’t expect he would jump on me right away, but it may help him to see me in a different light.” He looked at his watch. “A few hours still to go. Probably best I stay out of sight.” Breathing in the clean air once more, he returned to the TARDIS to wait for his moment.
“I called four months ago. Now that you are here, I know you have been acquainted with my brother. Any idea where he is?”
“You crossed your own timeline, Sherlock. One reality split into two, parallel universes. It could be the same back where he came from, or not. What do they teach you in school these days? Basic time travel physics. Simple!”
“That’s...that’s the day I met John.” Sherlock almost whispered.
During the cases following that, John had always found the opportunity to do the pinch, as if Sherlock had given him access on purpose. In hindsight, he might have done it, exposing his fine arse, but for a different reason - to seduce John.
John? SH
"John… I-- I’m home.” Sherlock appeared calm and collected, but inside he was trembling with joy, in the arms of someone he loves.
“Frightened of what?” John asked quietly.
John? Are we looking at my future, Doctor? Oh! We have bees! Of course we will!”
"Hello Sherlock! I'm back!"
He waved his hands around his head, attempting to swat away his thoughts. Although he had been in compromising situations over the last 2 years, he always found time to revise John’s EQ regimen.
“Enough to pull me out of that hell hole. Enough about me. You mentioned you moved back. Didn’t know you moved out.”
“We need pictures. Doctor, could you?”
“Sherlock! Never mind how you got back up here but the
“Personal relationships are not my forte. I am not accustomed to any level of intimacy with another person. Knowing what is and what is not within the normal parameters stretches my experience, John. I know what I feel, but I have no basis for comparison. I can only…try.”
He loves it when I use terms of endearment. Oh, look. He's going to pretend he's in his mind palace. I should fuck with him a little. He thinks he's the only one who knows how to run experiments and observe. What an idiot!
Without saying another word, Sherlock nodded and went back into his mind palace. He has a decision to make...
Alone in his room, Sherlock tried to think, but the comfort of being in John’s bed fogged up his mind. In the past two days when they weren’t running down memory lane, Sherlock renovated The Doctor’s <Premium Squash Court VII> into John’s bedroom. Every wrinkle on his bed sheet, every creak on the floor, his scent in the pillows… everything that reminded him of John was in that room, built from his memory, in the TARDIS.
“Mr. Holmes, what do you want now?” Lestrade spat over the phone. He is obviously still pissed with Sherlock.
John packed three sets of clothes, their leather gloves and an extra pair of shoes for both himself and his husband. With everything packed neatly into two bags, they carried one bag each and dropped it next to the entrance of their living room. John held Sherlock’s hand and gave him a peck on the cheek before they trotted down excitedly into the street where the TARDIS was parked.
"Hello Doctor." Sherlock greeted The Doctor, trying to hide his shaking voice by forcing a smile on his face.
“Better.” Sherlock replied, dropping into a seat with an explosive exhalation.
John couldn’t believe his eyes. His vision blurred out from tears. He replied whilst wiping his tears away on the sleeve of his coat.
P/S: Keep this a secret from everyone else. SH
“It was you. You sent those message. I knew you were involved somehow!
JHW  <15:38; 25/12/2011>
“I’ll tell you tonight, and I don’t mind if you still want to sleep in my room. It must hurt climbing those stairs, which was why you slept in my room when you moved back here."
“Oh, yes, yes. You all look fantastic this afternoon!” The Doctor nodded towards Greg and Molly while seating himself across the table from John. Mrs Hudson poured him a fruit punch, Greg started carving the turkey and Molly was helping herself with the apple pie.
before John walks into the lab. He then looked to his right and realize The Doctor was already walking towards Bart’s. Sherlock followed, lengthening his stride with each step, trying to catch up to The Doctor.
“Don't know yet. Will find out soon. Do keep up!"
“Doctor. Care to explain?”
Sherlock nodded.
John snorted, recognising the voice. Sherlock waited, but John neither walked away nor spoke.
It has been 5 years 7 months since they first met at Bart's, 3 and a half years since their Christmas 'love confession' text (technically it was the other Sherlock, but it didn't mattered to John), 8 months since Sherlock came back from Serbia, 7 since he proposed (it was not romantic at all) and a little over a month since their wedding. John knows every trick up Sherlock's sleeve when it comes to their relationship.
JHW  <15:37; 25/12/2011>
WSSH <15:45; 25/12/2011>
-- ah! Stupid, stupid Doctor!” He yelped as he tinkered with live wires below the console, almost getting shocked from matching the wrong ones together.
The following day back in the flat, John had wrote down a list of things Sherlock can start with as part of his ‘human’ exercise.
“Sherlock, you’re not supposed to be here. I told you no! Greg wouldn’t be too happy if he knew you came back.” Molly took a quick glance up from her clipboard and realized Sherlock was not alone… and he was
“Yup!” Sherlock enunciates the ‘p’ with a pop, settled into his chair and went into his mind palace while holding a firm grip on the list against his chin.
me. I love you, and I always will.” He straightened himself and went next to Sherlock who was still sitting on his chair, he reached out his hand hovering across Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock pecked on John’s forehead, loosened his arms around John, picked up his bag from the kitchen chair and went into his room - their room. 37 minutes later, Sherlock came out of the shower and wore his favourite jammies. John had lasagne in the oven and a kettle on for tea.
“John and I had an argument here.” Sherlock replied, still getting used to the time hopping. It was 2011. Bizarre. “If I can speak to him I’m hoping he will think of my outburst differently.”
Hours later, Sherlock waited for John in the cold night air. He remembered seeing John pass the stairs that night; he’d hidden inside the pub, eavesdropping on John’s conversation with Louise Mortimer before retiring. Now, he sat on one of the picnic tables outside the pub, waiting on John. He found that his heart was thumping a little; this was his chance to explain to John why he behaved as he did; to elicit a more sympathetic perspective from here on.
John shook his head no, stealing glances at Sherlock as though he still had something to say but wasn’t sure how to start. This was
“Of course! Get closer now.”
John couldn’t brain any of this. He gave up with a sigh.
He held John’s arms with both hands and pulled himself into a hug with John. That was all he will ever get, after all he has been through for himself.
“Nothing planned yet, but Sherlock wanted to visit Oak Ridge National Laboratory and see the Titan supercomputer, and a neutron-something facility.”
“U-M-Q-R-A. U-M-Q-R-A. U-M-Q-R-A...” The Doctor chanted.
Will come back and double check the tenses. It's meant to be past continuous tense. Comment any errors you find and I'll fix it!
<Back in the TARDIS, Christmas Day 2011>
JOHN! SH
"Why are you staring, love?"
"The groom and groom are not supposed to see each other the night before the wedding!"
Not now. SH
“Tea?” How very British of them. Afternoon tea in Melissa Majoria in Andromeda Galaxy, two million light years away from Earth. They found a clearing in the field of flowers. John and Sherlock sat on a flat surfaced rock while The Doctor lay down on the grass. While they were discussing where to go next, John held out his phone and handed it to The Doctor.
“I wasn’t really listening earlier, what was it I did that prompted Graham to ask me to leave?” He looked around the lab as he spoke, apparently distracted but really hiding the desperation he’s feeling. He only had one shot to get this right.
LOCKED
“Doctor. Pleased to see you again. You look well.”
Again, thanks for reading. The story continues in the next chapter.
“Doctor? Oh Doctor. It is you! Oh this is lovely. This is really lovely! And here I thought it was going to be a boring day!” A large grin was on his face as he threw himself into The Doctor’s open arms.
"This is brilliant! How are you both still thinking alike? I would love to tell you why I'm here, John, but it is not my story to tell." The Doctor grinned as he looked at John intently.
“Why would you?” Sherlock whispered.
“I hope you have fish fingers and custard!”
John looked at it for awhile, contemplating The Doctor’s intentions.
John brought him a phone from the table and unlocked it. He looked through the messages.
Sherlock came out of his mind palace and found John across the table from him sipping a cup of tea. John pushed another cup towards him, looking at him fondly.
#1: Italic quotes are Sherlock's inner thoughts.
“The bride and groom are not supposed to see each other the night before the wedding!”
Sherlock flashed up a smile towards The Doctor. Sherlock left the pot of unfinished custard on the stove and turned off the heat. They ran down the stairs towards the TARDIS. The Doctor unlocked the door, and walked in ahead of Sherlock. The Doctor walked towards the center, pulled a few levers, pressing a few buttons, looked over to Sherlock still standing by the door.
You have questions. SH
Sherlock sat on his chair while future-Sherlock sat with The Doctor on the sofa. John came back with a tray and four cups of tea. Once he had handed all of them their cups, he sat down and took a sip of his own.
