Now it was Bucky, Tony and Natasha. Tony went to sleep earlier these days, or cuddled up to the twins and played video games though they swore they were too old, gross Bambino, they were all of
“I’m gonna go,” Clint murmurs against Laura’s hair as he hugs her. She looks up at him with apprehension in her eyes, and he sighs. He has a long way to go before that stops, he supposes. He gives her an encouraging smile nonetheless. “I have to talk to Coop.”
“Exactly, so for all Stark knows Vision has switched sides and might not be as trustworthy as he thought he was. Look, I know it’s been two years, but this is Stark. I may not know him that well, but I know the guy has trust issues. In his mind, it’s probably not that big of a leap to think any of us could convince Vision to hack into his system and find out what he’s doing.”
But he hadn’t listened, and even though he hadn’t been the only one, he might have been the most overzealous. Now, they were so deep in shit that they couldn’t even begin to see a way out. Fugitives, criminals, outcasts… depending on the man they had reviled when he had been trying to help. He should have done better, he should have—he huffed out a breath and pulled at his hair.
“Hi, little traitor,” Tony says to the baby and Nate laughs. His aunt Tasha calls him that sometimes, and after the third visit Tony had paid to his mom and siblings he had been allowed to call him that, too.
“Steve, we’ve been over this. Wanda’s trial is a formality, at best. The lawyers are ready; you guys have been pardoned already, we just have to—”
Tiny fingers grabbing his nose snap him out of the reverie he’s managed to drown himself in, and he’s grateful. He’s quite sure FRIDAY is too since she’d asked him to, please, stop destroying the reinforced bags since she couldn’t replenish them that quickly as she was occupied with overseeing other projects. His cheeks had heated up at the exasperated tone of her voice, but he had apologized nonetheless. His ma hadn’t raised no disrespectful fella, after all.
“You promised,” Tony whispered and whatever control Steve had left in him broke. He shook his head, clearly remembering the same thing, and began to gasp for breath. “You promised me nobody else would take it again, and at the first opportunity, God,” Tony chuckled darkly. “You destroyed it.” his fingers beat an incessant pattern on his chest.
“what’s your name?”
“I… suppose you want her to—“Tony stumbles over his words. It wouldn’t be the first time he’s had to be around Cassie. After… everything went to shit, he’d hunted down the Barton and Lang families to try and keep them safe. He had no doubt in his mind that Ross or anyone else would eventually attempt to use them as bait for the fugitives. Even months later he doesn’t know how Tasha and Laura had corralled him into babysitting on more than one occasion.
“If you think we’re leaving him alone after what
Steve. The partner who let him sit on his lap as they read and carded his fingers through his hair, lips pressed against Tony’s hair, as the genius read his poetry out loud. The man who brought him coffee during his work binges, and snorted before he laughed; the man who played fetch with the bots and helped Peter with his homework. The boy who drew Tony when he wasn’t looking and kissed him on each mole on his face and his collarbone, all thirty seven of them, as he was drifting off to sleep.
“You could have not possibly thought this through. Did you think about your father, huh?” Peter knows he’s not speaking for himself because he lowers his eyes to the floor. “Do you have any idea what this is going to do to him? He’s already going to be stressed trying to fight whatever threat they have on their hands, I’m not stupid enough to think that guy down there is the only one, and now you’re missing, Peter! The comms are down, FRIDAY and KAREN are down, what do you think is going to go through his head?!”
, he finds Rogers on his knees in front of him. A haunted look in his eyes, and his fingers steady as they hold Tony’s.
Tony is observing him, waiting to be told off for ordering Steve around or being ordered himself back home. It had happened before, on various occasions, when Steve thought he knew what was best for him better than Tony himself. And he sees it, in the way Steve’s jaw clenches and he has to look away and exhale sharply.
“For now, until Stark’s
“I didn’t deserve what she did, either,” Stark said, quietly. Clint would have argued, but the fact that Tony didn’t say it to be contradictory stopped him. The other man sounded like he
his parents were gone, how he’d probably planned the hit himself to be able to do the shit he was doing. Nobody,
. Not Tony Stark, but just Tony, and he was brilliant. Holy hell, he was
“Hey, hey, baby, look at me,” Tony says softly, hands framing Steve’s face. “It’s fine, all right? Everyone here, the boys included, understand that to an extent. We’ve been through this alone, and nobody is going to let you do the same, okay? You’ve got your team. You’ve got your
“Hi, everyone!” Peter says cheerfully and the others can do nothing but gawk at him. His voice is unmistakable even if they’d all heard it before in a German airport.
“Seems like you’re gonna need help,” a voice says from behind him. Tony turns around to see a smiling Sam standing with his hands shoved into his pockets. The others have vacated the room, and Tony is thankful he gets to avoid any more of Barton’s glares, but he can hear them talking through the kitchen. Laura sounds like she’s in quite the tirade.
As always, thank you... every single one of you, for the continued support and love. Thank you for loving Tony as much as I do. And i'll see y'all in, hopefully, a short while :D
And maybe it is, maybe something
“What—“
“Why now?” He presses. He has been wandering around for weeks, and this is the first time she has spoken to him. His heart begins to pound on his chest as he speculates the whys. There was a time, long before his world crashed around his ears again, when he’d been given the silent treatment by JARVIS. Solid three weeks of radio silence after he and Tony had gotten in a screaming match that had turned
This morning, though, he’d taken one look at the man sleeping beside him and knew that there was no way that he would be getting his morning run in. Not only that it was nearly seven in the morning, far later than he usually woke up, but he couldn’t afford to not be in the compound when the others woke up. He knew that most of them would be on their way out the door earlier than they usually did. It was already six in the morning, and he could hear the faint stirrings of the others as they got ready to leave the Compound.
Though his words weren’t directed at just one person in the room, Steve saw T’Challa’s eyes flicker to Clint and himself often. He met the archer’s eyes across the table and saw the slight shame in the other man’s eyes. Yeah, he wasn’t the only one who was getting the message loud and clear. T’Challa then went on to explain how the proceeding was to go and a bare-bones summary of what SI’s lawyers had prepared for the defense. Steve had read the report a few times through in the past few days and felt his chest loosen each time. It was clear that whoever Tony had hired knew what they were doing, and genuinely wanted to help. He knew Wanda was in good hands even if they weren’t his own. It had been a hard pill to swallow, but he felt confident in that they were going to bring her back safely.
“Wanda hasn’t commed in,” are Nat’s first words when he comes out of his room and into the kitchen for some breakfast. His eyes feel sore and his hand was still shaking, but he ignored it. There was nothing he could do about that. There hadn’t been anything he could do but sit on his fucking ass for the last two years. Running, hiding, hunting… mindlessly moving through the motions.
… they’re the reason Tony fights to begin with. “Peter, you need to go.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Steve says with a small smile. He can’t express what it’s like to feel Tony’s unshakable faith in him. Even when he has screwed up and hurt him so badly. Tony’s heart is so pure, and he doesn’t even seem to notice. “I meant in here,” he brings up a hand to tap at his temple. “I haven’t been okay since losing Bucky on that train, but I was too stubborn and too angry to really let that sink in. Looking back,” he shakes his head and hugs Tony closer, “so many of the mistakes could have been avoided if I had given myself time. Even knowing I wasn’t okay, at times, I pushed myself to push forward.”
He notices then that the whole room is looking at them, can feel their eyes on their interaction, and he feels that weird tightening on his skin. He feels itchy and hot with the attention; the sounds of the baby are too loud in the suddenly-quiet room. He avoids everyone’s eyes as he straightens his spine and throws his shoulders back. He immediately throws his safety blanket over himself; the show-boating asshole that Howard, and Stane and Ty made sure to cultivate. He hates it, always has, and there were times when he would have been able to shed that cocoon for these people.
he thinks to himself derisively. How wrong he has been.
Steve’s vision goes white around the edges at that and there’s a ringing in his ears that doesn’t let him think. He stares at the screen, horrified, as a blurry red shape zooms past on the top corner. The reporter is still talking, but all Steve can hear is the whine of repulsors as the armor picks up speed following some—thing, floating up towards the space ship.
You promised,” or maybe not. The kid on the other side is glaring at him in disappointment as he brushes his blond fringe away from his eyes. It’s a nervous tick Tony noticed since they met, but he doesn’t say anything about it. He still drums his fingers to an imaginary chest plate as it is, and he shouldn’t be a hypocrite about everything.
feel like that, but having someone so clearly in your corner is what makes you or breaks you sometimes.”
The first memory Tony has of his mother is of her face, haloed in her perfectly coifed thick dark hair, looking down on him as she rocks them in his favorite rocking chair. The cherry wood one with the perfectly carved characters from Le Petite Prince. He remembers everything as being very bright, and rich in color around the edges. Flowers he wouldn’t learn the names of until much later surrounding them and permeating the air around them in their rich perfumes. The memories after that are blurrier and much less pleasant, Tony having blocked most of his shitty childhood around Howard as well as he could, but the greenhouse had always been one of his comfort places.
They go on dates. They spend time together on either of their apartments. Tony sees Sam and Bucky again and cries softly into Bucky’s shoulder. Steve meets Pepper and Rhodey and Happy, all of him are serious and cold with him for the first few months, as well as Stephen and Bruce, who are a little warmer, and Tony’s apprentices Peter and Harley who grin at him and rib Tony affectionately. They talks about all the ways in which they have changed and those that are still the same.
However much he tries to deny it, though, Tony can’t lie to himself as much as he would like. Harley has definitely worked his magic in those scarce minutes. He’s a bit more settled as he makes his way to the conference room. He balls his shaking hands and shoves them in his pockets. He can’t deny that he’s apprehensive, he refuses to call it
the ghost of metallic blue eyes looks onto him with amusement.
, is what keeps chanting through his mind as his eyes roam over the headstone. Howard’s name and dates of birth, and death, are written in elegant gold script. They’re… well, big, is the only word that comes to mind. They stand out on the marble, and he knows it was intended to be that way. To call attention to the legend of Howard Stark, the man be damned, but what holds his attention is what’s written underneath.
He drops his duffle in surprise and makes his way to the bed on limbs that feel as shaky as a new born colt’s. He can’t make his fingers stop shaking as he reaches out a hand to trace around one the edge. There are no scratches on it anymore. There’s no dents or—the blood has been wiped clean of it. He sucks in a deep breath, and it goes out as a sob.
He’d fade into the background of her life; her old godson or her old friend visiting her every once in a while when his company allowed him too. She’d mock scold him for the bags under his eyes and the fidgeting of his fingers. She’d tell him about her missions and her old home and always,
“Hey,” Rhodey says from the doorway, Morgan in his arms as he strolls into the room. “You guys okay?”
. Steve stretches a hand to touch his upper arm, give him those old friendly squeezes that managed to bring him down from a screaming match, before, but Tony’s panicked eyes snap down to his hand as he takes a hasty step back. “Is that how it was?” his voice is as close to yelling as Steve has heard it and it sends the alarm bells ringing in Steve’s head immediately. “Like you were supposed to protect him from me like he did for you? From the bullies? Is that how it was for
“Hey,” Tony says softly, and cups his face in his hands. “I fucked up a lot, too, you know. There are so many things you were and are right to be mad at me about, Steve. When I saw her in the Raft in that thing, I just—
“They’re for better support to my delicate arches,” Tony sniffs indignantly. Steve can’t help his snort of laughter, and Tony immediately turns to him. He’d forgotten he was there, the soldier is sure, otherwise he would never have allowed himself to be that vulnerable and genuine. The blond’s good humor threatens to deflate, but he soldiers on regardless. He’d take small miracles where he can get them. “You shut up,” he says with the same motherly finger wag. Steve bites his lip to hide his smile. “We can’t all be heights of human perfection.”
Steve wonders what Peter’s image of them is. If he remembers his parents as being in love, content and sated in each other’s presence. Or if it’s all tinted with betrayal and regret now. He wonders if Peter now sees it differently; not as Steve loving Tony just as fiercely, but as something darker, uglier. He wonders if Peter thinks of Steve as the man who took all the love Tony gave him and then stabbed him in the back with it.
“The last time I tried to help, the last time I tried to keep her safe, you all called Clint to bomb this place and attack Vision. I tried my best, because I knew what they wanted to do to her, but none of you would listen. And now you’re asking me to, what? Go out there and put my face for her? You want me to keep the UN and the media off her back? Are you kidding me, Steve?” His voice broke on the blond’s name, and he felt like dirt. God, how did he keep messing up this bad?
Tony frowned at Tasha, wondering who they were waiting for, but she merely raised an eyebrow at him and gave his hand a light squeeze. From the corner of his eye, he could see the hard clench of Barton’s jaw. He suppressed a sigh of annoyance. Sooner or later it felt like they would have to go to blows to get stick the archer had up his ass.
“Clever Bart-bot, that
did you show him?” he bangs a fist on the table again, and the mechanic is honestly afraid the whole thing will collapse.
Tony falls apart in increments after his parents’ death. Steve, and Bucky and Sam and the rest of the world, get a prime view seat to his decline. It starts slowly, with things that aren’t surprising to see in regards to Tony. He shows up drunk, swaying on his feet, at his parents’ televised memorial. He’s wearing dark tinted glasses, and Steve knows that this is a defense tactic. Tony had confided in him once.
Tony thinks. It feels so
“I don’t know,” the soldier replied hoarsely.
“There’s no point,” Tony says dejectedly. “But… I think it’s time.”
point had never been in contention. She had always, like Tony, stood by the belief that they were liable for their actions. She had, like Tony and Rhodes, wanted a buffer between their powers and the regular folks out there. Wanda opened her mouth, her tension making all of them uncomfortable, but Natasha continued, “they’re requesting your presence at the hearing.”
“I just want to
“I was trying to keep her safe,” Lang said, and then he shook his head angrily. “I know why I did what I did, Mr. Stark. And because of that I want to offer you my apologies. I went into that fight without all the information. Clint came to get me, said Cap needed help, and I didn’t ask any more questions. I let my distrust of what I know of law enforcement to cloud my judgement and made an uninformed decisions. If asked again, I don’t know if I would have done things differently, but I have no excuse for what I did to you and your friends. I just wanted to say thank you for taking care of my daughter when I wasn’t around, and I don’t know why you did what you did for the Accords for her or me, but I’m glad you kept her safe. I have no idea what I would do if Ross had gotten to her.”
, but the blatant hostility the man had greeted the entire group with. It had felt, again, like another nail added to their coffin. “We’ve got food and board covered.”
“What the fuck—“Tony breathes out.
. Like calls to like, and
Steve’s hand immediately went to the baby’s forehead to feel for his temperature, but he didn’t feel overly warm, thank God. He shared a concerned glance with Tony who held the baby closer. Baby Barton was now sleeping on his chest with a thumb in his mouth. He guessed Laura and the girls were still trying to catch up on sleep if Clint had brought the baby out with them.
“It’s late,” he finds himself saying to the others. He doesn’t acknowledge her presence. “I think we can file this away until tomorrow. That’s two down, so that leaves us four to go. Won’t be much longer now.”
It seems to hurt the captain more than any words Tony could say. “No, you’re not—God, that I even made you—“one of his hands is brought up to the other man’s chest. He feels solid. Real. “Tony, I never told you that I’d be there with you until the end of the line because that’s not how you and I work, and I’m so sorry it took me this long to realize it. There’s no ‘until the end of the line with you’ because there is
“I just—“
food. After everything he has done for us, you
“Sir is at Green-Wood, hobbit,” she says resignedly.
And yet.
for trying to kill your boyfriend and putting your friends in a super secured prison and call it a day, huh? I was
then that’s fine.”
“Looking pretty good, though there’s a bit of slobbering. Also, there seems to be an ouchie of some kind,” FRIDAY relays and Tony has her do the proper scans to make sure everything is in place. Once everything seems to be in order, the mechanic shuts down his station and makes his way to welcome his new guests home. He checks that the accommodations are ready, and takes a fortifying breath.
, and that he doesn’t feel as though he should at the moment. Tony isn’t as much of an asshole to prevent him from getting to know the other man.
“Morgan,” he breathes against her soft hair. The baby his arms makes an inquisitive noise but doesn’t pull again. She just snuffles against his neck and sighs happily.
He almost thinks that the others are completely fooled until he chances a look at “their” side of the conference table and notices not only Rogers’s stunned expression but Sam’s as well. Barton and the Maximoff girl are too busy conferring with each other to notice, and Lang is just confused about the whole thing.
“I’m calling Peter,” the kid says and his voice has taken that no nonsense tone he adopts when Ginny wants to mess around with the roadster Tony sent him.
He was exhausted and in pain, a bleeding wound in his chest that ached and splintered every time he so much as looked at the naked skin on his hip where the ink was, and at all the memories permeated in every room of his home. He had insomnia and never ending migraines and a tremor in his hand that just never went away. Tony could not be handed things. He could not have people close. He could not feel someone’s breath on his face or a touch on his wrists. Tony could not leave his home without sunglasses and
“You had no problem bringing him into a war,” Barton says, and the black eye he had given Tony on his first day back had hurt less.
The simulations go over and over and over again. Steve drops to his haunches on the other side of the glass as he watches. Tony moves to one of the nearby worktables when he tires of standing, but the sims don’t stop. One after the other, and it hurts, it goddamn breaks Steve’s heart, the more desperate Tony becomes. It’s been minutes or hours or days when Tony screams on the other side of the glass, a sound that bring goosebumps to Steve’s arms at how desperate and agonized it sounds, and shoves at the table in front of him.
“Hey, do
for fucking Christmas. Some bullshit about appeasing the public, but it was—it was bad. I wasn’t there, my leave was over, but I was checking the news obsessively. And he—every goddamn picture, he has the same glassy look and lose grin from that party. Every article is about how he’s getting sloshed, or high as a fucking kite, or
“Aw, Steve,” Sam mock-pouts because he is also an adult. Cap, the shit, merely grins.
“You’re not an Avenger,” Tony says and it may sound harsh, but he hopes that Pete understands where he’s coming from. With everything that they have fucked up over the years, the last thing he wants is for the kid to become tangled up in that. The name Avengers leaves a sour taste on Tony’s mouth now, and he doesn’t want that for Peter. For any of the new kids, really. “You’re a sixteen year old kid who is supposed to be studying for a chemistry test, not… not being tangled in this bullshit.”
Also, the way Steve reacts to Wanda's court date and stuff I basically got stuck in that scene from Civil War when they're in the conference room and he throws a fit with the whole "she's just a kid!!" Thing. And I wanted to like think that there was a way for him to redeem himself after that. I like to think that MCU Steve doesn't know what Wanda showed Tony, and that being confronted with the truth will give him perspective. So we ended up here.
“Fine, but—“
“Why are you—he’s—how have—“Before Barton can keep stabbing his already faulty heart, Tony focuses on the baby in his arms.
A couple of announcements:
“Don’t—“Tony warns.
“College fund!” everyone calls cheerfully.
Peter’s breath hitched, and Tony closed his eyes tight. “But those times it’s worse. And you spend all the time in the workshop.”
“Aw, Har, come on. Just watch your mouth, kid, okay?”
Like calls to like,
“I know,” Rogers says and there’s a hint of pain in his eyes. Tony doesn’t know who it’s directed at. “The whole point of this meeting is so that we can talk and at least try to patch this whole mess. The whole point of this is for us to try to get back to what we had.”
Steve stays silent, listening, trying to keep his hands from shaking. Bucky tells them all of this in a flat voice, but they all know that he’s feeling his heart breaking over this too. Tony hadn’t only been his, Steve knows, he had wormed himself into their little tight knit trio and now they all felt his absence like an open wound.
. He shook his head to dispel the painful memory and met Wanda’s eyes. “I talked to Tony,” he said again and he could tell that the inflection wasn’t lost on Wanda. He expected to see shame in her eyes, and he was incredibly glad that there was a bit of that, but he was disheartened at the anger. “I’m sorry, Wanda,” he said as he got to his feet. He meant it with every fiber of his being. “I can’t testify for you. I won’t be able to be there today.”
. That’s Bruce in a line that Steve painstakingly kept alive in case
, and maybe that’s what does it. The knowledge that they are
So Tony uses the excuse of having the compound to himself, and the fact that for once Ross is leaving him the hell alone. Paternal leave is working for something, and Tony has never been happier that he had pushed for an extension at Stark Industries despite what the mummies on the board had wanted. Sexist pricks. Peter has been out for the summer for a couple weeks now and he’s spending most of his time glued to his baby sister or trying not to get caught when he tries to go on patrol.
“I thought we’d agreed,” she bites out of the words, jerky movements. “No unnecessary risks. You check in—”
. He was right about not trusting the accords, he was right not to sign them, he was right about everything; signing the accords wasn’t worth what was done to this team.”
. The way it did after another binge, after another callous question about his father, after another stupid argument… it’d sounded like every other time he had tried to give up.
“Ti amo, bambino, but I need you to stay safe,” and before Peter can continue his protestations, he tells his AI to disengage the kid’s parachute and send him home. When he gets the confirmation, he sags against the nearest wall and forces his mind to recede its panic.
“Yeah, I figured. She’s been trying to socialize me,” tony says with an easy grin. It’s kind of hard to hate the man when he’s staring at Tony like he’s quaking on the inside, and the mechanic has been caring for his daughter for the past few months. Truth be told, Tony figured the two of them could have been friends once upon a time.
“Yes,” Steve says, and takes a deep breath to try to calm himself down. “I just want to know why.”
Tony’s bitter mind chanted. A sob built up in his throat. How many ways can one be possibly broken before there’s nothing left? Hearing the confirmation of his worst fears is managing to incinerate him.
“It’s your house,” Harley says and puffs out his chest. Tony suppresses a groan, now he’s got the kid on a roll. “It’s your house, and your tech and your money and your food and your everything. It was your team and your lawyers and your
Baby Bart grabs hold of his fingers, the thing that he enjoys right before Tony picks him up, and gives them a squeeze. The baby heaves himself forward to fall into the mechanic’s arms, but finds himself pinned in place. Barton’s arm secure around him to keep him where he is.
to help myself find a way back to you. I would have taken anything, but you wouldn’t even give me the curtesy of listening to what I had to say. I didn’t understand why at the time, but now I do. I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony said sincerely as everything seemed to shut down. “It was my fault for thinking I mattered to you as much as they do.”
“Fine,” Rhodey said and Steve felt his face fall in disappointment. He nodded, resigning himself to the silence, before he heard the colonel sigh next to him. “Braces hurt like a bitch this morning,” Rhodes continued after a pause and Steve turned back to him, hoping his eagerness wasn’t too obvious, but not really giving a damn if it was. This… Rhodes didn’t talk about his paralysis or his braces or his pain to
“All right, now tell me what you know. Where is Green-Wood?”
“Tony,” Steve’s voice sounds wrecked and it makes the alarm bells in the mechanic’s mind go off in warning. There are actual tears in Steve’s eyes and he doesn’t know what he did or said wrong this time. “Why didn’t you tell me? why weren’t you at the funeral?”
“Of course she knew,” Rhodey snorts at him. “After Ultron, you honestly thought Tony went back, built Pepper a farm and then lived happily ever after? Come on, Captain, I thought you’d know your team better than that. Did you ever stop to think about how much attention the Maria Stark Foundation was getting after that screw up? How much they were doing? Not to mention the Fellowships and the MIT events? Relief and Recovery after Sokovia took time and effort. They didn’t want any of us, let alone the man everyone blamed for that destruction, to be involved in the clean-up. Someone with a bit of diplomatic experience to help.”
“When my Ma died,” Steve says after a long pause and his voice sounds so raw. He clears his throat, and scooches closer to the mechanic. This time he doesn’t even pretend as though he’s not doing it. “I would go out later than usual and get into fights. I felt as though it was the only way I could feel something for a while there. Almost gave Buck a heart attack a week when I came back bloody,” Tony sees the way he cringes a little as the word leaves his lips and sighs. Steve is immediately backtracking. “I’m sorry, Tony, I just—“
“I don’t wanna hear it,” he says, and he can feel the Cloak standing behind him and honestly shit is weird enough now that it’s slightly comforting. Like having another person there to co-parent with when his child is doing something this reckless. It’s kind of sad that having that space empty for so long makes him crave whatever scraps he can get now.
Baby Barton merely clutched him tighter; pitiful little sniffles that broke his heart pressed against his chest. Steve moved one big hand over his tiny back, hoping to sooth him, and for a moment it worked. Clint walked into the kitchen and immediately moved to his side when he saw his baby in distressed. Nate waved a tiny hand at him, but didn’t let go of Steve’s shirt. When Clint tried to take him, he began to fuss again.
“Morning,” Tony said quietly and the corner of his mouth quirked up into a tired smile. Steve heaved a quiet sigh of relief. Though it wasn’t the happy smile he got around his boys or baby Barton, at the very least it wasn’t the fake one he adopted when he was talking to the press and far too often around them these days. Steve was infinitely grateful that he hadn’t managed to set them back that far ahead.
“Stark-Rogers. Her name is Sarah Morgan Stark-Rogers. She’s—she’s yours.”
“Barton!” Natasha hisses while cradling Tony’s arm to keep him upright.
“Hey,” he hears Laura say quietly next to him. He knows she’s not talking to him, and for the first time since he’s come back, he smiles at the mechanic. “Look who’s home.”
“What happened?” Sam asked him gently ever the best at handling emotional situations like this. “You guys were fine, I thought. You looked happy.”
“Have they told you something?” Rogers asks, and there’s a concerned dip between his eyebrows. It’s almost like he
Still, they were his best friends and they made it work. They have weekly movie nights, and morning runs and coffee meet-ups when they could. None of them admitted that it was a way for Steve to try to get his life back in order. Two years after the breakup with Tony, Steve had tried his hand at dating. Sharon had been the furthest thing to Tony he could have chosen. She was a no-nonsense woman working for the local police department, making her way up to be a detective, and Steve had been intrigued from the moment he accidentally bumped into her at the supermarket on his way to movie night.
Steve feels the tension mounting and knows he has to find a way to stop them from saying anything they might regret. Harley is red faced and shaking; one hand gripping the nozzle of his potato gun tightly. Tony is grinding his teeth so hard Steve can
. The first thing he hears when FRI opens the door is the, frankly, beautiful sound of Tony’s laughter accompanied by Nate’s giggle. Rhodes has rolled out from underneath the roadster, a socket wrench in his hand and a huge smile on his face even though it’s clear he’s trying to look stern. DUM-E is in the middle, with his claw hanging low and a blender jug grasped tightly, while being flanked by Peter and Harley. Both boys are drenched in a slimy green liquid, and very clearly scolding the poor bot. Tony’s usually loud rock music has been switched to something that sounds… remarkedly different, and playing at a lower level than he’s ever heard.
“I can’t do this,” the engineer says, almost inaudibly, eyes still closed. Steve’s whole frame jerks like he’s been shocked with a strong current, and his hands drop from Tony’s face as if he’s been burned. Tony’s eyes spring open and he catches the devastated look on the soldier’s face. It chips at the fragile part of his heart that Tony has tried to keep hidden. “No, no,” he says quickly and makes a desperate swipe to grab the blond’s wrist.
Turns out, it’s fucking aliens again. Steve hadn’t even finished asking the question when Sam was already back on the pilot’s chair punching in coordinates. Steve sends a silent prayer of thanks to whatever deity gifted him with such a good friend who knows exactly where his thought process is going. Steve doesn’t have to fight and rationalize with Sam because the man understands what he needs. It’s a nice change to the constant struggle it has been for the past two years to just try to get his point across.
, Tony does in fact deal with shit like that all the time and nobody had known.
, but every time Harley or Peter or any of the kids do the whole pouty thing he feels like the worst human on the planet. He might be, but that doesn’t mean that he wants to feel the kids feel bad.
“Let it go,” Sam had told him sternly.
, he thinks.
and Tony… well. Tony was thirteen and too shy to say hi until Peter’s friends pushed him his way and they spent every day of the rest of that summer at the dock or in their cabins or huddled up in the activity room with Peter’s contraband Walkman listening to Zeppelin and AC/DC and Def Leppard and though Peter liked crappy disco music Tony’s heart still felt as though it would burst out of his chest every time they were together.
“Anyway, I just don’t feel like I’m the best fit to defend her. I don’t have much reason to trust her or give my word for her. I’m sorry, Steve. I really am. I wish I could but I—when they called me in for it, I recused myself. I told them that I couldn’t be impartial so I just—I suggested they call you in, but they—“
what she wants to tell him. He thinks it looks mostly like a warning, but he doesn’t understand about what.
. Tony Stark thinks he knows exactly where he is.
The Avengers are mine?! Which Avengers?! The android that spent his whole fucking existence pining over someone without knowing how to deal with the emotional turmoil that heartbreak is?! The kid who wanted so
For the next two or three years, Tony had been… well, a mess. He’d started blowing his classes, and his friends, and once at a party he’d met up with Aldrich and Maya. They’d been dating at the time and
“Why?” Tony asks quietly. It’s the only question that has been bouncing around his head for months. There are days when the need to know chokes him. Days when he wants to drown himself in booze so the curiosity doesn’t drive him mad. There are days when his anxiety attacks get worse and worse because he’s so caught up in that question.
“Sit!” Laura said from where she was serving the children. Her hand shook.
“Yes, Barton, the medical team in charge of aiding his recuperation is already working to bring him about with the least amount of pain. The neurosurgeon has been
4) I'm not comic book savvy but i do now that Ty Stone is generally depicted as "one of Tony's shitty exes" so he's gonna serve that purpose here.
“Think I’m that stupid, do you?” Tony says and he’s not even offended. It’s not like the young man is lying.
Rhodey gave me permission to use extreme force
“And if it doesn’t?”
The beginning was easy, Coulson always made sure to put them at ease and remind them of their love for one another. That helps. It might be the only thing that does when Coulson turns the conversation to that night. Tony fidgets next to him, flexes his fingers, but then holds Steve’s hand tighter in his.
of you. You owe it to them to not half-ass your time with them.”
The captain got to his feet slowly, his eyes never leaving Tony’s, but rather searching for something. Tony didn’t know what he found there, but his face immediately went paler. The mechanic was far too angry to care. He grabbed at Steve’s shirt with both hands and finally,
“He’s like six years older than me, I swear,” Tony says with a chuckle. “Tell him I’m busy.”
Tony, okay? You don’t believe me; you probably never will unless they’re the ones that tell you, but you can’t keep doing this to yourself.”
“I thought it’d at least give you pause!” she says as she smacks his arm playfully.
He’s barely eating.
actually work for a living,” Tony gives Steve a smile that is purely condescending.
He wonders if
And when they went home, on the last day of camp as Tony waited for Jawwis to come pick him up because he knew his dad would forget, Peter gave Tony a little pendant and his very first kiss. And yeah, Rhodey and Pepper said it didn’t count, but Bruce was the smartest of them all and he said that cheek kisses still counted so
“Yeah, Bot?” Steve said, Tony’s pet name rolling easily off his tongue. Nate beamed up at him and patted his chest again.
to even agree to see him, but they do. Steve spends the better part of that week trying not to give himself anxiety, but more often than not he ends up calling either of his friends for advice. Sam and Bucky are, understandably, speechless when he first tells them. They haven’t even hung up when they’re suddenly knocking on his door and forcing their way in. They’re happy for him, but he knows that they’re also apprehensive of what the outcome of all of this might be.
“Stark,” the voice sucks him out of his content stupor in an instant. His arms go instinctively tighter around the baby in his arms, though he knows he has no right to keep him. Bart-bot fusses and he presses his lips to his hair and shushes him until he settles. His eyes meet Steve’s and he can see the blond’s jaw tightening as he looks over the mechanic’s shoulder.
“But you are, Tony, you’re—“
because of you? Huh, Rogers? Can you answer that? What the fuck is so great about avenging someone when they’re dead and you could have stopped it?!” the last word is a yell, and a few birds nearby take flight.
The mechanic doesn’t have to be told twice. He all but rips the baby out of Laura’s arms as she laughs. Tony cuddles his nephew to his chest and nuzzles into his soft hair as the baby whimpers into his chest and holds on tight to his shirt.
“Because—because of—”
, she had smiled when she said it. The sad smile Steve knew graced his face before he had gotten Bucky back. He had tried to fill that for her, he realized, after they had inadvertly caused so much loss in her life, but he had never treated her as an equal. The entire time they were “in the same side” he had treated her as his child, not his sibling, and in so doing perhaps had taken more responsibility than he should have.
“Like hell—“
After a while, they have joint sessions and while Steve had thought his independent sessions were hard, he wasn’t prepared for how grueling the joint ones are. He’s always left feeling unsure and shaky after their time with Coulson. He thinks they aren’t working, at first, because sure he shouldn’t be feeling this uncertain and afraid, but he starts changing his behavior. Starts identifying patterns in his thought process and the way he acts around his friends and his lover that he now knows are unhealthy.
“You’re not the one that has to deal with your mother,” Tony mutters. He’s still glaring at the paper in disgust. This time, even Steve rolls his eyes despite the consequences he knows he’ll be liable for.
“Peonies. Theyre—“
there to testify, and that while I know that—“
“She said I’d murdered her child, okay?” Tony finally tears himself away and wraps his arms around his middle. “She told me her kid was dead, and that she blamed me. We’re the Avengers, right? We are supposed to avenge people; that’s what I said to Loki. But what the hell good does it do to Avenge someone when they’re
“You—“he begins but Harley is quick to grab the boy’s arm before he can get up or continue his sentence. Steve has seen him on the field, knows that he’s much stronger than Harley, but he lets himself be brought down onto the chair and begins to gather his tools.
, he won’t be Captain America anymore but he might be able to find himself to
He grabs onto the edges of the table for a second as he remembers the avalanche of cars dropping over him. The scene too reminiscent of the Malibu house falling on top of him while the suit was down. Punctured and shutting down, and he couldn’t
“Obviously you don’t know what you’re talking about man,” Lang said with a laugh. “Everyone knows you gotta put your face mask on first.”
“Hi, Tony!” she chirps excitedly as she wraps her arms around his middle. “Are we gonna see DUM-E? I liked playing with him last time, and he likes fetching things for Baby Bart. Why is daddy here? Laura said we were gonna come visit you ‘cause you’ve been sad, but she didn’t say he was here.”
means. Hears Bucky give a reply, but can’t for the life of him know what he says, because suddenly the only thing he can see are those words.
Tony knows he can never tell Peter. It would hurt the kid too much to know how far and how deep Tony fell into that hole when he came back. How home was nothing, now, a mirage that he was never worthy of having. All Peter knows, now, is that Tony decided that he wanted to move forward. That he wanted to start again now that everything he knew was shattered into pieces at his feet. Peter doesn’t need to know how close he came to recreating those last two lines.
that Tony would never send Viz as a decoy, or that Viz would even let himself be used that way, he had worried. He had had an irrational fear that if he lost Wanda then part of the reason he was even on the run would go up in flames.
Tony is shaking like a leaf despite the pleasant weather.
Before anyone can say anything, though, there’s footsteps behind the Bartons.
“Guess I’ll see you later?” Tony said with uncertainty and Steve was quick to nod. He wanted to kiss him, but that was another thing they hadn’t really talked about. Just having his arm wrapped around him was a dead giveaway, but Steve wasn’t stupid enough to do anything else without permission. He didn’t want to risk another moment being soured because one or both of them wasn’t in the right headspace. So he contented himself with slowly dragging his arm away from the chair and giving Nate one last comforting stroke to his tiny back.
Yes, Tony Stark is fucking human and he can be angry, and hurt and goddamn terrified! Christ, Clint, I am not a fucking robot. She got into my head and she
“Stop throwing the bot, Tony,” Rhodey says in an exasperated voice, back under the roadster with Harley sitting at his side. The boy, miraculously, gives Steve a grin from his position. He smiles back cautiously.
“Tony,” Steve says softly, and his eyes are big and bright and
“—There is still no word from the authorities as to what this is. We—we’re trying to get as close as we can, but there appears to be a sort of forcefield keeping us at a safer distance. Earlier, we saw a man in some sort of—of red cape walking down the street. One witness reports to have seen Tony Stark’s Iron Man armor—”
, that’s where he is. That’s where Rhodes and Viz go and why Spider-Man doesn’t need his room in our wing. Tony is
“I met Tony when I was in my third year at MIT. He was placed as my roommate, and at the beginning I hated the idea of it. Of having a freshman in my dorm room and having to listen to his hormonal ass bemoan everything about university. Seeing him made everything so much worse,” Rhodes gives a fond chuckle and shakes his head. Steve is riveted because for all that Tony loves talking he never really says much in the way of insight into his own life. “I was trying to get through university as fast as I could, and then suddenly there was this thirteen year old kid in my dorm room telling me he was my roommate. And as the first semester progressed, I can’t say that I was very fond of him. He
“’Teve,” Nate coos at him now, a big gummy smile on his face. The baby had refused to let go of his shirt since the morning when Clint had dumped him in Steve’s lap to feed. The blond soldier had been about to protest when he saw Cooper behind his father, a soccer ball tucked under his arm, and a smile on his lips. His eyes had snapped up to meet Clint’s and the unbridled
say things like that. Understand?”
Steve’s Ma was Catholic, and she had introduced Steve into her faith. He had never been as pious as his Mama, but he had always believed in what she had taught him. He had a Saint Christopher medallion his father had owns and a tiny cross on a necklace he carried with him all the time. He hadn’t prayed in a while, had found himself drifiting from his mother’s faith the longer his pain lasted, but from time to time he found himself believing in miracles again.
“I doubt she would have thought that about you,” Steve says softly. It’s a Hail Mary attempt, he knows, because he hasn’t done anything to make the genius believe that. He can’t unsay it, though, because he knows that it’s the truth.
, Tony,” he hates the way his voice breaks. Tony stands on his tip toes and kisses him then, full on the mouth and filled with promise.
They manage to set up a date, or well not a date because Tony had been adamant that he must be
. Peter had balanced between lethargy and long periods of acting out just for the sake of it. He had broken thousands of dollars in equipment in the lab and the training rooms; had thrown picture frames down the stairs and ripped picture frames off his walls. The last straw had been finding a toy, something silly and innocuous Steve had picked out for him on a mission when he was about seven, tossed out with the trash.
had dropped to the floor in his haste. So he does an about face worthy of praise, and rushes back into the room. Marina is standing right where she left him with, with all the papers neatly inside the folder and his cell phone and wallet arranged on his desk.
Not the man that he had just met; the soldier with the hard eyes and the harder punches. Not the enemy who had kept him on his back like a turtled as he tried desperately to turn. Not the stranger who had looked him in the eyes as he beat him into the snow. No. As Tony lay in the ice, the slowness of his brain sending alarm bells through the rest of his body, the only think he could think of was
.” the confession tears itself out Tony’s throat and it hurts. It hurts to much to admit he’s been ruined for everyone else.
was the one that was supposed to fix it. It’s why he’d taken her side, why he had started argument after argument with Tony when the genius didn’t drop by the compound. Why he always called her a kid and defended her mistakes. He always had caved before because he thought his hands were the safest, to keep her from harm, but that wasn’t really true, was it? Sure, he had kept her safe, but at what cost? He had been taking and taking and taking from Tony to pretend like she was faultless, like she had to be protected, like she was the only one that had been hurt. He only had to think about the raw pain and desperation in Tony’s voice when he spoke about his vision to cement his resolution.
“You’ll what? Give them a ‘stern talking to’? ‘Bench them’ or give them a little time out or something?  So they can’t keep stowing the resentment? Yeah, no thanks,” Tony sighs and gets to his feet. He should have known once he was alone with Rogers that his anger would get the best of him. He’s trying to rush this, he knows, trying to make like a band-aid and rip it off to deal with the sting. He should have known better, though, that he’s got far too much practice with stowing his feelings and blowing up when it’s far too late.
“Look, man,” Sam had persisted with a far gentler touch to his arm. “I don’t know what you guys talked about in that conference room. I don’t know what kind of ground you’re standing on, but that man—I don’t know him well, we didn’t get a chance to become friends, not like you two did, but… that man, he cares a hell of a lot about all of us. He’s spent a hell of a lot of time trying to keep us safe, too, and I just—hell, Steve, maybe it’s about time we start thinking about what he needs rather than what we want. I know,” he’d said loudly when Steve opened his mouth to speak, a hand raised to stall his words. “That you want to know that he’s okay, but look me in the eye and tell me that you’re sure he’d take it well if you stormed in there right now and demanded he tell you what they talked about. Look me in the eye, and tell me that he wouldn’t assume you’re there to berate him for something.” The
When Tony gets the papers handed to him by the social worker, he can’t stop shaking. He stares at the woman, half blanking out-half terrified of them, but luckily she seems to have practice with this. She takes hold of his sleeve instead of handing him the papers, herds him towards the chair she had just vacated, and lets him fall heavily into it. Marina, that’s her name, gives him an amused smile as he continues to gape up at her. Normally he would try to pull himself together in front of a stranger, but he can’t find it in himself to care at the moment. He’s—words escape him.
, I know for a fucking fact that if I hadn’t gotten there and I hadn’t pulled him out that hand would have—that wasn’t the last party Tony went to, of course not, but I made it a point to watch him after that. I tried to—I don’t know, the idea of being his babysitter at first annoyed the hell out of me, but after that party I just felt like I
had been one of those. The worst part, the most horrible part of it all, was that as he finally gave in and his eyes began to close, the only thing that had brought him comfort had been the thought of Steve.
Steve thinks, mind whirling. He had been so stupid. He had been so stupid to ever tell Tony that the Avengers were his when he had left him in a compound alone and with none of them near. He knows things between Clint and Tony had been terrible since the so-called Civil War happened, Scott hadn’t had anything to go on about him other than all the shit Clint and Wanda had said, and Sam and Steve’s silence. And then there was--
Because it’s not like that. It kills Tony to lose him to someone else, but he’s better off this way. He’s better off hero worshipping someone like Steve and not a man with the moniker of Merchant of Death following him wherever he goes.
, what the arc reactor has meant for Tony since its conception even if he doesn’t need it anymore. It took a while, but he knows. So he nods, and lets the shame crawl over him.
Tony interrupts him with a snort and an incredulous stare. “You’ve missed the mark on
was still imbedded in his chest. Maybe the voice is still the same, and the impact is the same, but the aftermath is infinitely different now. He wills his fingers to stop trembling where they grip the plate with his left over food and the cup with the coffee Rhodey had given him. He sees Steve’s angry eyes on them, though, and knows he’s failed at that too.
didn’t have to be said.
“It is easier to find our own faults in others than in ourselves, Tony,” T’Challa says and though he hadn’t even turned around he is brilliant enough to have guessed. He meets Tony’s eyes square on and says, sincerely, “That doesn’t mean it is okay. It does not mean that they are right.”
“Some would call it stubborn,” Tony says and his eyes flick to the man on the other side of the glass partition. Blue eyes meet his, and then flit away.
Steve lets out a sob and drops his head in his hands, elbows on his knees. He feels like he’s crumbling from the inside and he doesn’t know how to control the pain. He can’t tell them. He can’t. They won’t understand.
Clint wouldn’t listen or wouldn’t care. That, more than anything, made the guilt triple. “Cap, Thor, Tasha didn’t deserve to be tortured the way they were. Bruce,” Stark’s voice broke with grief and Clint had to look away. “Didn’t deserve to be triggered the way he was. He’d been doing so much better, Clint. You saw him, you were there every step of the way; he was trying so hard, and she destroyed everything. He went god knows where because of what she did to him!” Stark shouts, and Clint jumps. “You and Cap might keep thinking she’s just a kid, but she’s not. Hell,
,” Tony narrows his eyes at the monarch. Sneaky little shit. The others, thankfully, had never known much of what he did outside of the Avengers. The only ones, that he is one hundred percent sure, who had read his file were Tasha and the Captain. “For the time being I believe it will suffice for you to know that he is safe, in the process of starting his therapy and his process with the BARF, and is expected to make sufficient recovery.”
Tony wrote Peter one last letter he never sent, anyway. It was saved along with all the others.
So it’s no surprise that he’s been sent away while Tony visits with him, but it still hurts. Irrationally, he knows. He has no claim to anything of Tony’s, has no right to be told what is going on in the other man’s head, no matter how much he might want to know. The least he can do right now is respect Tony’s choice. He’s done a shit job of that before, after all.
Steve loves his friends, he really does, but being around them too much gets the wound in his heart bleeding like nothing else can. Sam and Bucky are perfect for each other, they had been from the very beginning, but seeing them happy and in love the way they look across from him at the booth on their weekly dinner makes him feel hollow inside. The space next to him feels as though it contains a ghost he never can ignore, and despite the fact that he had tried to fill it a couple of times in the past he has never found a suitable replacement. And maybe that’s where the problem is, that he’s trying to find a replacement of something that was too good, too pure, to ever get back. He’s been looking for someone to fill that hole, as if there’s any other person in the world that had the exact shape and dimensions of the one he left behind even though he knows there isn’t.
He enters the compound in the same way that he had exited his office, almost running and breathless from excitement. The folder in his hands feels heavy, like the weight of the whole world rests in a few flimsy pages, and he figures it might as well. They had been waiting, so long, for something like this to happen. So many opportunities that had fallen through, so many disappointments that had broken everyone’s hearts, but this time… oh, this time I real. This time the proof is right there in his hands.
“It wasn’t me,” Tony said automatically and gave Laura his most angelic grin. Baby Nate giggled at him, and he thought
“It’s making it worse. Tony, I am begging you,
“Don’t call me that,” the boy says angrily. Steve can recognize a smoke screen when he sees one, though, and the pain in the boy’s eyes is clear. Clint merely stares at him. “Stop acting like you care about Uncle Tony, or any of us. You only care about the witch, and yourself. You’ve been so mad at him this whole time. You’re probably the reason he is where he is, and you never even cared! So stop acting like you do!” He glares for a second longer, his lip trembling, before he rushes out of the room.
“Those,” Coop points to a bed to their right. Tony looks down at him in surprise and the boy grins. “Mom had a small garden in our all house. She said we needed most of the space for fruits and veggies and stuff, but she liked to have flowers. She planted all the ones she could. She likes carnations best, but she had all sorts. They kind of look the same, and I mostly can’t tell them apart so those I pointed at might be carnations, but,” he ends his sentence in an embarrassed shrug and looks down at where his hands are wringing together in his lap.
His eyes seemed to ask, and Tony was pleased with himself for having picked up enough about the other man’s social cues to know this much. He handed the baby over to the pilot, and he hesitantly took him.
First, it appears that Squidward is alone on the ship. Tony wishes this wasn’t such a life or death situation because the amount of tech he’s surrounded with is actually insane. He can feel the innovation and advancement thrumming through his veins by being so close to something he had only dreamt about, but he forces himself to focus. Strange is down there, and there seems to be some kind of surgical… needles? Jesus, are those needles? From Tony’s vantage point it looks like Squidward is about to turn the wizard into an inside out porcupine. Which… okay. Not ideal. Christ. This is so above his paygrade. What the hell is he supposed to do? If he attacks directly, which is what his usual MO is, they are both dead. Squidward had already wiped the floor with his face once, and that was with FRIDAY’s help.
peter was
he could never tell Peter what to do… it still had felt wrong. It had still made him keep an eye on the kid while they fought the Avengers, and wasn’t that just the kicker? He had never expected the others to actually fight them.
follow him. That’s on him. That will
Tony was expecting a fight, now. When he hadn’t before; when he had expected the soldier to listen before, Steve had been the one with his hackles up. Steve had been the idiot who had refused compromise when he should have. Now it was his turn to repay Tony, to show him that they could make it through. That they had a chance, damn it. Starting with working through the things that had torn them apart in the first place.
“No, there has been, but not where it should be. Rhodey is comfortable enough with Sam now, and Viz has been working his charm to get him to calm down around Wanda. I think Steve let him get a few punches in while they were training Peter, and they talked so they seem okay, but…”
? The Tony in the suit says.
that he knows damn well his father has never been able to resist. So he just hauls him into his arms and buries his head into his son’s hair. “You didn’t think this through at all.”
It isn’t until he’s about to leave the room that he notices Steve. He’s in one of his signature tight shirts, and those ridiculous old man pants; he’s standing similarly to Rhodey. His hair is a little longer than usual, and there’s a bit of stubble on his chin. He’s staring impassively at the scene in front of him, though the tension on his frame is clear.
Natasha shared a look with Vision, and Steve caught the slight shake of the head the android gave her. Steve got it, in that moment, with perfect clarity. There was only one person who could really exonerate her, at this point, and it had nothing to do with what was out in the public. They had already used him as a spokesperson, after all, he was the front man on the whole Accords circus. It had been his face on the front of tabloids and newscasts, calling for pardons, even if perhaps he wasn’t the one directly in negotiations with the UN. It made sense, really.
“Have they what?” Tony gets distracted by DUM-E, which is why he doesn’t notice the seriousness of the kid right away. The bot is barely approaching him, but he can smell the gasoline in the smoothie he’s been made. The darker part of his mind thinks that if he’d actually turned suicidal, it wouldn’t have been too hard to get rid of himself.
, Steve! I saw her and it was like something in my mind resigned itself it its fate and was just like
, Steve feels sick looking at the words. More than that, he thinks of how wrong it is to be standing here. He feels an overwhelming sense of guilt, though Maria hadn’t died by his hand, he still feels responsible.
things. The Accords, the team, the press, the government…
of all people after all this time, after they were so sure he was gone for good, because that’s Bruce with
“That still doesn’t excuse my behavior. I just—Tony, I feel like I’ve failed you so many times already. Long before this stupid war.” Steve drops his eyes in shame. He feels the pain and self-hatred slowly course their way through his body.
. None of you thought much of J when he was around, he was just a computer program to you and I got that, but he was so much more for me. I created him, I taught him, and he learned from me every single day; I
“The UN wouldn’t have let that stand,” Barton says though he doesn’t sound so sure. Tony merely looks back at T’Challa with a raised eyebrow.
and closes his eyes. For a second, a single horrible second, he wants to pretend he never heard it. He wants to let the distance between home,
, think that you somehow deserved what I did.” Steve’s eyes were so dark, Tony thought, intense. Big, broad hands cradled his face. “I need you to listen to me, Tony, because somewhere along the way I failed you
for a few goddamn hours without
Finally, Tony sits him down one day when Rhodey has taken the little girl on her stroll around the compound in an effort to get her down for her nap. At six months, Morgan is fascinated by everything. She babbles at the air like all her friends are there, and gurgles and giggles whenever she sees one of them. She hardly cries; she loves baths and story time before bed. Most of all, she loves Tony taking her to bed in his room, holding a dusty picture frame and telling her the stories of everything she missed. Most of all, whispering the words, “
Steve feels the ground drop from beneath his feet.
“They wanted four of us at the beginning, people who had been around her longer,” T’Challa said, his gaze snapping away from Wanda’s nervous behavior to look at Steve again. He looked almost angry. “Ms. Romanov and I will be accompanying her and testifying in her favor. Believe me, Captain, this is no more than a formality.”
, Tony. That was
Now, though, he can’t do that for them. They’d taken that confidence away from him, and now he can’t pretend like he can forget what they’ve been through and let them in again. Not this soon. So, instead, he does the second thing he’s best at when things get to be too much. When he can’t find the strength to put his armor on and confront the world. He wordlessly turns around and accepts the plate that Laura hands to him without another word.
“We’ll be right up, Laura,” Tony says with a smile as he ruffles Harley’s hair. Much to his annoyance.
That damn video had shattered all of that. That damn video now had him turning with a sort of guilt he hasn’t felt in years. He had felt the guilt of breaking Tony’s heart for years, sure, but this was different. Now, after that video, he knows he did more than that. He didn’t trust that Tony loved him equally, he thought that… what? What had he thought? That Tony would move on then that was that? That Tony would forget him? Where did Steve get off on thinking that when he knew he himself wouldn’t move on from what they had? It was such a disservice to the man Tony was, even at seventeen, and he hates himself for it.
“But it’s dumb,” he grumbles to himself and Tony smirks at him. It’s easy to forget, when he’s sassing and chastising Tony like he thrice his age, that the boy isn’t even fifteen yet. “And Mr. Spicer is a contradictory di—“
“Ha!” Tony says like the mature adult that he is.
“By then we would have had enough time for the amendments,” T’Challa says. The other side turns to look at him in confusion.
“You didn’t tell them?” Peter chimes in, and he sounds surprised. Tony had forgotten he was there, and feels angry at himself for losing it the way he was. Sound role model he was. The kid turns to Steve with a guarded expression. “Ultron wasn’t supposed to rule over the world or anything. I’ve seen the specs, and what he was meant to do was actually pretty amazing. I mean, protect over the earth so that people, heroes or civilians, didn’t have to die? That sounds pretty amazing. Tony hasn’t told me how he got corrupted, but we’ve talked about JARVIS a lot, and how FRIDAY is basically modeled after him.”
, I want you to remember that. I want you to remember how much he loved his mother, the next time you or anyone on your
The blond stares at him for a while as the other man begins to try to pull himself together. It’s incredible, how apt Tony is at sealing all the cracks with temporary glue and slap varnish on top to make the façade look genuine. He wonders how the genius has done this; how often he’d show up with a ready one liner and cocky smirk, and then go back home and fall apart on a big tower or mansion all on his own. He wonders how many times he’s said a cutting word to make the world go away so that he can shatter in peace. More than that, he wonders how many times himself or another member of the team have provided that last cutting word to make the great Tony Stark tumble.
Tony nodded, and gave Baby Bart a last kiss on the top of his head. Sam stared at Scott for a long while before he looked at Tony.
There’s a bit of silence, the boys do whatever nonverbal communication they’ve learned, and then Peter places a hand on Harley’s shoulder. The boy seems to deflate, and gives the oldest a weak nod. Steve tries to calm the frantic beating of his heart.
“Hey, Steve,” he says quietly. The soldier hmms and tightens his arm around Tony to convey he’s listening. The mechanic’s heart already feels lighter, and he tries to ignore how terrified that makes him. The little voice in the back of his head that warns against trusting the blond again is starting to sound too loud, too insistent, and he ruthless pushes it as far back as he can. At least for now. “I have something that I want to show you.”
“Say that again,” he says, and hopes to sound like a responsible adult.
“Tony?” Coulson prompts after they’d composed themselves. Tony’s thumb tracing under Steve’s eyes to wipe away his tears.
. Tony sneers at him, but the man bulldozes forward. “If they’ve somehow made you feel culpable for the way I’ve been acting lately—“
, Tony thinks as he watches him walk away towards his brother.
“You’re not going to lose me,” Tony says in that voice Steve recognizes from countless missions together. The voice he used when he’d find Steve in the gym after a nightmare, and promised him he’d never have to go back into the ice. Not on his watch. “I have bad days; more often than most people. I’ve had really, really shit days lately—“
A) if anyone out there still cares about this fic i am so sorry it has taken so long. I've been battling a terrible writer's block, the utter shit that is my job, college stuffs and my depression wrecking absolute havoc on me. This has literally taken months to write.
A hard projectile hits his back, followed in quick succession by another one hitting his shoulder, and he ducks a little to protect Tony. Though, logically, he realizes that whatever he is being… pelted with isn’t deadly, he’d rather not take any chances. Tony, the reckless idiot, seems to have other ideas. He’s pushing at Steve’s chest, and growling something about
lose her again.
“Harley!” Tony says sternly. They’ve had a talk about language, too. Well, after Harley’s mom had yelled at Tony for a solid three minutes after yet another conference with the boy’s teacher after Tony had brought him to the compound for a weekend. Who knew kids were such sponges. “I know you hate him, okay, and I know he only says what the Toupee tells him to, but we promised your mom you’d keep your grades up. We’re still making up for the last time.”
“Sure,” Rhodes says just as Hogan opens his mouth. Happy gives the colonel a sharp glare but Rhodes keeps his eyes on Steve. The blond can’t miss the sharp grin on his face and he swallows. Well, then. He figures he’s long overdue on this chat, anyway.
“Potato-Mark45-Mandarin Orange, I need to know where the mechanic went,” Harley says forcefully as he throws his device on the table. Clearly he had been unsuccessful in his search. Steve recognizes the words as one of Tony’s ridiculous command codes.
“That’s bullshit!” Rhodey barks angrily in response. “You have no fucking clue what you’re talking about! Nobody forced you to do the things you’ve done, Clint!”
“Where is he?” Tony asks FRIDAY as he sees that the game console is being used by Sam and Scott. They turn their heads at the sound of his voice, and though Lang is still hesitant around him, Sam gives him a friendly
“It didn’t seem that way to me,” the mechanic said with a shake of his head. He took a deep breath and squared his shoulders. The grip on Steve’s hand released, and for a moment he was afraid he would let go, but then the grip was back just as fiercely. “She showed me a future I couldn’t change,” his eyes go unfocused and Steve has the irrational urge to shake him. Bring him back. Afraid that Tony won’t come back if he loses himself to the memories. “They were all dead, even the hulk, on some…I don’t even know where it was, but I looked up and there they were. The Chitauri and those big leviathan things, and—and they were all dead. Except us,” the man says and his bright brown eyes lock with Steve’s. There’s a whole conversation passing between them, and Steve feels the bottom drop from his stomach. “Except you, and when I kneeled down next to you to check if you were still breathing you grabbed hold of my arm and you—you told me that I could have saved you. You asked me why I hadn’t done more, and I—when I snapped out of it, I just—I felt like I knew what I had to do. I didn’t want—Steve, please, believe me, I never meant for Ultron to—I wouldn’t—“
,” he says vehemently. He feels the sudden need to break something. “That’s not what I meant at all. I’ve been trying to find a way to get in touch with him. I just—Rhodes and Viz won’t tell us anything, and the Spider kid gets so quiet whenever I ask. FRIDAY, please, I just—I need to know if he’s okay. I’ve been—I’ve seen the news, and I just—he’s always acting like he’s fine even when he’s not and Rhodey has been looking so stressed lately and I just—“
Maybe if he says it enough it will start to ring true.
“did you forget I live with the woman?!” Harley says in an affronted tone. “and what about you, anyway?”
to lest he does something stupid later on. Again. “It’s the whole reason I signed them despite my own reservations with them. Everyone thought that I didn’t have a problem with Ross spearheading the efforts, but I figured that it was best if I involved myself in the proceedings lest he try to twist them into something much worse than what they ended up.”
“You guys are so gross,” Harley’s voice says from their vicinity after a couple minutes of this game. Tony’s cheeks are ruddy with merriment and Steve knows there’s a big besotted grin on his face. His early melancholy, though present, has ebbed. “We’re gonna go play videogames,” he grins at them as he passes by.
“That’s a hundred bucks
By the time the others are gone, it’s only Natasha and the king that remain. Tony thinks that maybe they’ve thought better about what happened in Siberia and will stay to moderate. He’s hoping that is the case because his mind is honestly in so much disarray that he doesn’t think he’ll be able to control most of his instinctual reactions. That illusion is shattered when the woman by his side raises elegantly to her feet. Tasha presses a kiss to his temple as she walks out of the room, her hand strong and steady on his shoulder, and without even looking he knows that she’s giving the Captain one of those
, the only thing that he actually had at this point really, but the words seem to be ripped out of his throat. The occupants in the room turn to look at him, and Tony suddenly becomes aware of just how rumpled he must look. “There’s… nine, languages, between us. I think.” He finishes lamely.
“Like I jumped to conclusions,” Tony says and tries to make his voice sound even. The words taste as dusty and bitter as a lie on his tongue, but he desperately wills himself to believe them himself. “My head’s just in a bad place right now, is all. Okay? He wasn’t going to hurt me. Right, Captian?” Tony forces himself to meet the blond’s eyes.
Then he just stands there and looks at them.
“Morgan!” Rhodes says, trying to get her attention, but she ignores him completely.
Tony yells and the AI falls silent.
picture if it had been worth it. If breaking the family that they had so painstakingly put together apart had been worth what they were going through now. Wherever he was.
I had the idea for this chapter for a very very long time. While I don't have any idea of how to finish this fic anymore, I took the time to re read it a couple of weeks ago, and I felt the need to write. I'm sorry if it's not great or anything but I'm quite happy that I managed to get another chapter in.
Tony can do nothing but stare at the other man, the vindictive retorts swirling in his brain, but unable to say them out loud. More than the anger and the hurt, the mechanic thinks the most prominent thing is the disappointment. The disappointment of seeing the other man, the guy who was supposed to have his back, be so entrenched in his anger and recrimination that every opportunity to hurt him is welcomed with glee. Tony wants nothing more than to get up from his seat, declare the meeting useless, and no longer have to deal with their shit.
“Tony,” Steve starts, but there are no words. He had made his choice to let Tony go, to let him fly as high as his brain could get him, and now he has to stick to the consequences.
They stand in silence. Tony because he seems to have run out of steam, out of will to fight, and Steve because the pressure in his chest of the guilt and heartache makes it impossible for him to even breathe. He wants to vehemently refuse in that instant, wants to be angry at Tony for even suggesting that he would care so little about someone who obviously meant so much to him, but the hypocrisy of it leaves a bitter taste on his tongue. Maybe that’s part of why, and he never allowed himself to voice that selfish thought. Maybe he hadn’t told Tony about Bucky because he’d assumed the man’s dislike for his father would translate to his mother. Maybe one of the reasons he’d bit his tongue so many times was because, to him and his selfishness, Maria had been nothing more than an idea.
“It didn’t sound any fucking diff—“
This was different.
“Like hell,” Hogan all but snarls and makes to take a step towards Steve. Rhodes holds fast, his eyes never dropping from Steve, and murmurs for the driver to stay.
Tony shakes his head, trying to clear himself of the memory, but the dirty feeling of their laugh still covers him like a blanket. He could do it. he could destroy Steve Rogers so that nobody else has him. So that they’re even. So that he feels what it’s like to have the best thing in his life snatched away from him. He
Hi guys!
“Dad, please,” Peter says just as FRIDAY alerts him that his son is now dangling off the fucking ship and that is simply a gamble he won’t take.
Tears spring to his eyes. He hasn’t heard
There’s a crack, and pain in his left hand where he had been holding on to the railing, as it snaps in his hands. Steve stands with his head bowed in some quiet little town in Austria as the video plays in his phone. He should have thrown it away, Sam and Natasha had said, it was StarkTech. Tony could have tracked him if he wanted to, if he had wanted to turn them in, it would have been so easy. Steve had snarled a heartfelt
“But you haven’t tried—maybe. Maybe it would work. If you—”
But this, his son and his family and everything that they had and had lost, is worthy it. it’s worth everything.
letting go.
” he raises the documents to the king, “might be the only thing that has even gone right. That’s thanks to you, and Tasha, and Rhodey and even Viz. it’s gone right because of you. That’s all they need to know.” He gets to his feet, suddenly exhausted with the whole thing, and makes his way to the door.
When they reach the compound, Happy parks the car in the main garage and gets out. Before Steve can get out, the locks click shut and the driver slams his door shut. It isn’t until then that he notices Rhodes hadn’t made a move to get out of his seat, or even unclick his seatbelt. So the blond leans back in his seat with dread settling low on his belly. He should have known that things wouldn’t go that easy. Rhodes has a protective instinct stretching a mile wide, and though he hadn’t been outright hostile with any of them, everyone knew he didn’t trust them as far as he could throw them. Which, with the armor, is probably pretty damn far.
“That was way before all of… this. Remember? Back then, they were still fa—“there’s a barely there hitch in Tony’s voice before he continues, but it tears Steve a part all the same. Family. “Friends. I had that panic attack because of me. You can’t blame them for something that is mine, Har. The—things—that happen inside my head are nobody’s fault. It’s something that I have to deal with, and calling you through that wasn’t fair. I had no right to scare you, or Peter, like that.”
Lastly, for all of you who have *politely* and without pressuring have asked me about the Clint chapter, it's been very hard to write because a huge chunk of me wants to make him a total nonredeemable character, but... guys, it's Hawkass. I can't. I have to make him better than this. So all i can promise you at the moment is to try to work on it before i start school. Also, i might rearrange some chapters if need be so please bear with me.
“If you’re sure,” Sam said softly. “We’ll be here,” he said confidently, and Tony noticed the tone of warning in his voice. For once, he was fairly certain it wasn’t meant for him. The mechanic saw Lang nod from the corner of his eye.
came back. They’re barely readjusting as is. It just seems like the polite thing to do, waiting for a bit before I start another war,” DUM-E beeps angrily at him and uses his claw to pull at Tony’s hair in admonishment. The mechanic glares at him and waves him off.
had told him.
“Get up,” Tony croaked out and he could feel the stinging in his eyes. His chest felt like it was wide open, and he didn’t care. He didn’t care that he’d be left alone to pick up the pieces of himself that Steve was shattering because here,
“do you want me to start fanning you with the folder?” she says with a smirk. She appears unrepentant of her candor and teasing in the face of one of the most powerful men in the world, and that helps. It brings a sense of familiarity that he’s been missing for far too long, and has refused to think about for almost as long.
“We got ours and half a year of rent,” Cooper says as Lilly nods thoughtfully.
Also take note that I haven't spell-checked this because I'm impatient lol
“Dad!” the voice comes from somewhere to his left, and he realizes that he had come to a stop just inside the entryway, the folder still clasped in his hands. The boy runs down the hall and slides just in front of Tony, losing his balance, and the mechanic quickly throws his arm out to catch him. The boy giggle-gasps as he steadies himself, “what happened? What’s going on?”
“Tony,” he started, begged, but the other man wasn’t finished.
“Yeah, Steve seems to think he’s helping,” Tasha sighs. Her boys can be such idiots sometimes.
(See the end of the chapter for
and the practiced, flippant rebuttal of that statement. The hollow way in which he said the words. Christ, but what an idiot he’d been. So no, Tony didn’t go out there and build houses for the poor. Instead he gave. Of his money, of his time, of his company, of his suit, of his mind, of his heart, of his
Steve notices the tombstone before anything else. Even from yards away, he knows he’s reached the right place. There’s a statue of Howard’s old roadster, made out of marble, sitting atop his grave. The side of Steve’s mouth ticks up before he can help it as he remembers the incredible sight of that levitating car. It fits him, he supposes, too ahead of its time to properly work right.
. I’m in the Avengers compound, guys! There’s nowhere I would be safer!” Tony bites his lip to keep from saying something that would destroy that particular illusion. From behind him, he can hear a quiet exhale, as if it had been punched out, and he immediately knows it came from Cap. “Tony, you gave me a choice with the Accords. You… you let choose, for better or worse, you gotta let me do it now.”
“You put her in a collar, Stark,” he says at last. “No matter what she did, she’s just a kid, she didn’t deserve that.”
“Boss, the package you sent for pick up has arrived,” FRIDAY says cheerfully. Tony detects the trace of excitement in her voice, and it is contagious to the other bots. They beep happily and Tony has to shake his head at their antics. God, they’re like puppies. Or children, though they don’t slobber as much.
he says the words over and over again until Tony’s trembling eases.
The tension in the room escalates steadily the longer the silence goes on. Tony bites his lip in an effort to keep from saying something. The urge to bolt is strong, but despite Cap having the reputation of never backing out of a fight Tony has the reputation of throwing himself head first into a struggle. Consequences be damned. They’ve been skirting around the bit fucking gap in their acquaintance for close to a month. Tony has kept his mouth shut against all the accusations he wants to scream at the blond. Starting with
“Hi, sweetheart,” Steve says quietly, still unsure of where they stand with the displays of affection in front of the others, and especially in front of the boys.
. He glances up and sees the others looking at the floor plans of their rooms, except for Bucky, who is riveted in the empty ones.
“I don’t want to. I really don’t… I just, like you said, I’ve caused him so much pain. I can’t help but think that’s all I’m going to do.”
“Tony, would you mind taking the kids out to the rec room you built them?” Laura says sweetly to him. She’s holding Nate out, now, and the mechanic has no choice but to take the squirming baby. He notices the woman’s choice of words and the impact they have on her husband.
“The whole team is here, T’Challa,” Rogers said but there was a politely inquiring note to his tone. Tony refused to look at him still.
them coming to blows, but here they are. “If all you want to do is pick another useless fight with a teammate, a
, had a good thing to say about him and yet… every other week, I’d get a call. And it was him, you know, in the middle of the fucking night in New York and he was sat at that same spot, curled up in himself, coming up with theory after theory about what had happened. Every other week, for a whole year, he was back in the same spot.”
“I got a degree in mechanical engineering, and half my teaching credential paid for,” Harley says and then thanks his mom when she places a plate of food.
“I did, swear, I did,” Peter says into his chest and Tony rolls his eyes and steps away.
1991,” Tony says in a whisper. He doesn’t think he’ll ever forget the words.
Thinking of
“Help? Rogers, be serious. Why would anyone do that? She wouldn’t be the first person to blame me for a tragedy, okay? It’s not like it was an isolated incident.” Tony rolls his eyes as if finds the whole thing ridiculous. Steve has to reign his temper at the confirmation that,
“Good morning, doll,” Steve says when they pull apart, his Tony smile still firmly on his face.
The baby has her eyes locked on Steve, and he can’t do anything but stare as she determinedly crosses the space between them until she’s sitting on her bottom right in front of him and making grabby hands up at his face. His hands are shaking violently as he grabs hold of her little fists and helps her stand up, helping her as though she’s made of glass, and then she smiles at him. Steve’s breath catches in his throat as he grabs hold of her and brings her up into his arms. She’s still smiling, this tiny little thing brighter than the sudden, and Steve loves her. Right there and then, there’s an irrevocable feeling of love in his chest that—jesus. He loves this baby girl in a way he’s only felt once before.
“I got all my degrees and a Van Dyne dress for Hope,” Cassie says as she scoops peas into her amused father’s plate.
“In Siberia, Tony tried to help us. He was there to help bring Zemo in, but I—he had a video.”
“I—I don’t really think about that sort of thing, Spiderling,” Tony said with a tight smile. Peter scooted closer and Tony raised his arm with a sigh, one hand going straight to the kid’s unruly hair that reminded him so much of his own. “I am all right, you know.”
“Oh, Anthony,” T’Challa says with mirth in his tone. “You could be in nothing but your underwear facing an army, and you still wouldn’t run away.”
had told him. That’s why
Steve refused to back down, though, because here it was. The missing piece he could have never found on his own. the reason he’d been kept up at night since they’d parted ways. He’d questioned the whys of Tony’s choices for months, and here it was. Why had Tony sided with the Accords, with Ross of all people, after everything? After SHIELD and his own dealings with Congress? What made him snap?
sounds grounds him again. When he can focus on the here and now, he can see the scratches and bloody trails on Steve’s pale arms and feels shame crawl up his throat.
, he chants to himself in his head.
I've had a shitty couple months. and a horrible writer's block, but! I finally finished this chapter. Hopefull y'all won't have to wait too long for the next. For those of you out there still reading... Thank you for being one of the truly great things I sorely need at the moment. Enjoy!
It was filled with all the memories he couldn’t afford to forget. There were so many videos. Thousands of pictures that made him smile and his heart ache something fierce in equal measure. There were messages that he had been going back and rereading for the last two years; words that hadn’t seemed to matter much at the time, but now meant everything to him. Little notes that made little sense but contained the secrets to the universe by equal measure. He couldn’t bear to let all of that go.
“It’s this poem I’ve been thinking about. I know, poetry isn’t really our thing. Guys like us are supposed to like science, but—”
“Rhodes, it’s fine,” Tony says warily.
Steve increases his speed, not because he wants to eavesdrop, but because his friend is so far from okay a mere stranger could see it. There are tear tracks on his cheeks, and his hands spasmodically tighten on his suit jacket. The soldier doesn’t know how he’s even standing at the moment, but he can’t concentrate on that because he steps on a twig and Tony whirls around.
