John suddenly woke up from the hand on his shoulder. He opened his eyes, still without focus, and it took a while before he realised where he was and what had happened. When the realisation hit, he shot up and was alert immediately. He looked behind him and saw that Mycroft had woken him up. Mycroft gestured that he should say nothing and that he had to follow him to the hallway.
A moment passed. John couldn’t believe what he just heard. How on earth had Sherlock done this? He saw Sherlock look away shyly. “Amazing,” John breathed.
The line of the local coffee bar was the longest around 8:30 in the morning. John knew that. And he usually wouldn’t dare to stand in that line, but today he just needed a decent cup of coffee.
Principal Lestrade had scheduled a staff meeting on Monday afternoon. Some small things had to be discussed, and he wanted to check how everyone was doing after the first month of teaching. He had asked John if he wanted to tell the rest of the staff about his new blog project, in the hope that the rest of the teachers became enthusiastic and would follow his lead.
After two hours of peaceful quiet Sherlock woke up again, just before the physical therapist arrived. He sat up straight right away and was almost eager to start, which made John laugh a little. The physical therapist introduced himself as Patrick and gave John and Sherlock a firm handshake before sitting down in the chair next to the hospital bed.
After ten minutes, the cab stopped in front of the restaurant. John paid, got out of the cab and rushed to the entrance to let Sherlock in. Angelo greeted them warmly and was delighted to be their host for the evening. When he walked Sherlock and John to the table, it became clear he had noticed the special occasion. The small table was in the far corner, dimly lit by a candle and one of the more romantic and private spots in the restaurant. They ordered their drinks - a glass of red wine for John and a bottle of sparkling water to share- and took a glance at the menu.
“Oh John, before I forget,” Mrs Hudson called after him. “Just a quick reminder that you have to send me the schedule the parent-teacher conferences of year four. I need them by the end of the day. Sherlock said you were in charge of those?”
At first, It’s nothing more than a brush of lips, but soon I can feel a warm hand on the small of my back and the other in the nape of my neck. He opens his mouth just a little and deepens the kiss, and it’s the most delicate feeling in the world.
John looked up from his thoughts and saw Sherlock standing in the door opening. He was dressed in pyjama pants, a navy blue t-shirt and a new dressing gown which looked a lot like the ones he had before. Another thing that almost looked the same as it did before, but wasn’t.
“No. End of discussion. If you put him in a coma, so he doesn’t have to experience the withdrawal symptoms, he will relapse. He needs to feel this, needs to know what it’s like.”
John looked at the man. “You want to declare him medical incompetent? Sherlock?” He laughed hollowly. “I don’t think he will ever be incapable of making his own decisions, even if he is psychotic.”
Lowering his menu, Sherlock took a deep, shaky breath and started speaking “I thought you changed your mind.”
When John arrived at Sherlock’s room, he was surprised to see that the therapist was already there. He looked at his watch, but he was sure the appointment wasn’t scheduled for half an hour. The therapist was talking with Sherlock, but it didn’t seem like they had already started. When she saw Sherlock looking past her to John, she turned around and walked towards him.
“In that case, you should order the most expensive bottle of champagne tonight, just to piss him off,” Sherlock replied and gave a small grin as well.
“I won’t pretend everything’s fine,” John continued, his voice much kinder and softer. “It’s not easy for me to see you like this, to hear what happened. It’s damn hard. But please, don’t hold back because of it. I’m so proud of you for telling and for the asking and it would break my heart if I noticed you were holding back because you think I can’t handle it. Mycroft asked me to come with him; he didn’t force me to. I chose to. And I’m so glad I did because by some kind of miracle It got me here.”
John looked up at Mycroft. “Thank you,” he said. It wasn’t just because of the apartment. It meant more than that, and both men knew it.
They sat there for what felt like minutes. John knew it longer than was appropriate, but it was what they needed at that moment.
“Sherlock dear, did you hear me?” she asked, and Sherlock realised she must’ve been talking to him for maybe a minute now.
His best outcome would probably be to be very quick so they would be downstairs before the fire started to spread. But there would be a reason why the students didn’t come down in the first place. Maybe someone got scared or had trouble breathing. John would need to apply some first aid or calm them down before he could transfer them. That would take too long.
But when he stood up, the man stood up as well. He saw how the man walked in his direction and then passed him without looking up. John was about to go after him when he saw that the man had left a note on his table. With a frown, he opened the note and read.
They were about to walk out of John’s bedroom when John stopped for a final check in the mirror. His eyes roamed over his face. He still looked a bit tired, and his hair showed a little more grey than he wanted. Maybe it would be better to change his shirt, after all. The greyish-green shirt did bring out his eyes, but it didn’t match as well with his shoes as he had hoped. Or maybe his whole outfit was too casual. He should wear a suit, make this a more formal occasion.
So on Monday afternoon, John was reading a book while Harry was upstairs taking a shower when the doorbell rang. He walked towards the door and couldn’t suppress his smile when he saw the outline of the tall man with messy curls through the window of his front door. He already had questioned how long it would take for Sherlock to come over. John had wanted to text or call him but thought it would be best to let Sherlock reach out to him instead of scaring him off. “Hey stranger,” he said when he opened it.
Looking at the building, Sherlock quickly calculated the risks. The fire was at the old part of the building, which meant John could go up to save. But the fire would spread quickly so it would block their way down once he would get hold of the students. He needed to get another way down, but that would mean he would jump out of the window, which he wouldn’t do with the students. So Sherlock could only conclude John would try to get past the fire, but that would only work if he somehow managed to block it or put it out. He probably didn’t know where the fire extinguishers hang because he was new, so the odds of putting some of the fire out weren’t high.
When Mycroft didn’t reply, John looked up. He was surprised by the look on Mycroft’s face. His expression was soft, thoughtful. He seemed to look for the right words to say. This was not the cold, distant man John knew. Sure, he tried to be. But there were small things that didn’t seem fitting—using his first name. The tone in his voice. The slightly sad look on his face.
John felt the corners of his mouth creep up and wasn’t able to stop his smile. He quickly answered back.
Once inside, John dropped off the stuff and walked to his classroom. To his surprise, the class was working on their new history project. Sherlock was helping a small group at the end of the classroom. John wanted to knock but decided against it. It was also his class, after all.
“So Rosie isn’t the one who kept me awake the last couple of days,” John continued. “Mycroft came to see me last week. At first, I thought they had found his body, that everything would finally be over. But that was not the case.” John swallowed and looked back at his cup; his hands trembling slightly. He took a breath. “Sherlock is back. He is in a private hospital here in London.”
John started to get frustrated. He turned his body to Sherlock, stared at him for a moment in disbelief. “Where is this coming from?”
It was a cold and rainy day, but Sherlock didn’t care. The moment he was wheeled outside the hospital felt like he was set free. He stood up from the wheelchair Mycroft had insisted on using to get him outside and breathed in deeply. He was finally going home.
It took another ten minutes before John heard a soft knock on the door of the waiting room. John stood up immediately, and so did Mycroft. Without waiting, a resident entered. He definitly was in a hurry.
Of course, John had seen worse cases in Afganistan; he knew that. But this was about his former best friend, about the man who he lived with for years. And that fact made it a lot harder to read.
"Sir, I don't think you are making the right decision," the resident started impatiently. "Taking out the complete spleen will be quicker, and the patient can live without…"
Once inside, the building looked like a hospital. But if you looked closer, you could see that it was a costly, private hospital: marble floor, comfortable chairs, attention to decoration and details, no regular work clothes. Of course, Mycroft worked for the British government. Mycroft was the British government, according to Sherlock. Naturally, he could arrange this for his relatives, if he had to.
The man laughed. “Yes. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?” His face fell. “What’s your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Let’s get to work as soon as we’ve cleaned up a…” John started, but Sherlock began to speak, as well.
"Oh Jesus," he exhaled softly. He let go of Sherlock's shoulder and kneeled in front of the man. Sherlock opened his eyes by the touch of John's hand on his knee, but he didn't look up.
I don’t. I already had decided to ignore John the second time he asked; an extra time won’t convince me. Besides, it’s not that I don’t want to stop; I can’t. Not when it feels like there’s a colony of ants living under my skin.
When I manage to get home, I’m in an awful mood. I slam the door shut, throw my jacket over my chair and walk directly to the fridge to grab a beer. He doesn’t greet me when I walk past him, and I’m about to give a snarky comment. But when I turn around, he simply looks up at me from his microscope and smiles. Not a smug smile or a pitiful smile, but a genuine, warm, welcoming smile that makes my knees go weak and my heart flutter in my chest. And just like that, my foul mood evaporates, and I can't suppress the urge to smile back at him.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows questioningly, but when John walked over to the sofa, he did what he was told. John sat down at the far and gestured Sherlock to lay down again on his lap. Sherlock did, and after a second, he felt one of John’s hands on his shoulder. He finally was able to relax a bit and closed his eyes.
The principal stood up from his desk immediately and held out his hand. “You must be John Watson,” the principal started with a friendly smile on his face. “Mike couldn’t stop talking about you when he came by an hour ago.”
“Yes, I do get to. Now come on people, let’s move!” John practically yelled. Why didn’t they move? He looked at Mycroft for support.
Seeming to feel my gaze on him, John looks up from his newspaper and gives me a smile that makes my heart stutter. Our eyes lock for a moment, his look warm and… affectionate? My eyes flicker down to his mouth and back.
“A traditional Chinese restaurant has a long door handle, like this one,” he starts and points at the brass door handle. “On average, Chinese people aren’t very tall. If they open the door, they take the bottom third of the handle. So if that part is more discoloured than the rest, you know the restaurant is good enough to attract Chinese as well.”
After a couple of minutes, Mike joined him with two large cups of coffee. John took a large sip. “Are you still teaching, then?”
John looked up at him. "I got shot." He didn't mean to be so short with Mike, but he couldn't help it.
Doctor Wilson stayed utterly composed. “It isn’t. But we think it wasn’t due to the stress of the surgery, but due to drugs withdrawal, which brings me to the second thing I’d like to discuss. I strongly advise against stopping cold turkey. I am aware that is the wish of the patient, but as we’ve seen, his body cannot handle it. We’ve still provided him with Gamma Hydroxybutyrate, but I think it would be best to start detoxification right away.”
After a long silence, Dr. Wilson sighed and ran her hands across her face, dropping a bit of her rigour with the gesture. “Listen, I usually would’ve taken action by now. But I think he’s better off at home than in the hospital right now, so I won’t proceed. I’ll schedule an appointment in two weeks. If he hasn’t improved by then, I’m afraid you aren’t giving me any choice.”
The next couple of days went by in a haze. Because the P.E. lessons were canceled for this week, John was able to work at home Tuesday and Wednesday, which he used to prepare his P.E. classes and his upcoming lessons. He still had a lot of reading to do in order to catch up with the new teaching methods, not to mention Sherlock’s own methods and ways to teach the children.
He glanced at the man on the floor, and John wondered why his colleagues thought that Sherlock was challenging to work with. Sure, he had his quirks, but who didn’t? It wasn’t like he wasn’t listening to what John had to say or that he was determined to have it his way. In fact, John actually started to like working with him.
A big thanks to fireandhoney and Ughilovejohnlock for keeping me motivated and an even bigger thanks to you guys for reading! I can't believe the numbers I almost reached, and even though those numbers aren't the main reason for me to write, it means a lot to see that you like the story so far! So, hugs and kisses for you guys!
“These are related to the case, aren’t they?” Lestrade asked after a moment and sighed. “Please don’t tell me you’re withholding evidence again, Sherlock.”
He didn’t know how long he had walked. It could’ve been fifteen minutes; it could’ve been an hour. He stopped at a house he recognised, walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell.
“That sounds delicious,” the young woman opposite me – Joyce, as I recall, says sweetly and gives me a charming smile. We met between the shelves of pasta minutes ago where she searched for ready-made carbonara sauce, and I couldn’t resist telling her it would taste much better if she just made it herself.
“Please, look at me,” John urged. After a moment of hesitation, Sherlock looked up into John’s dark blue eyes. His heart skipped a beat. Their eyes locked onto each other, and Sherlock relaxed a bit. He had missed those eyes. He had missed the look John gave him like nothing there was nothing else in the world. Even though everything pretended to be the same but felt completely different, this feeling he got when he looked into those eyes was the one thing that hadn’t changed.
“Let’s get home,” John whispers. I feel his words against my lips and know that our night has just begun.
“Sherlock?” John managed to say. His voice was barely a whisper. He moved forward a little and placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “It’s okay. Just tell me what you want to say.”
John opened the door, and Charly and Kyle came rushing to him immediately. They started talking right away. “Oh, thank God,” Charly exclaimed. “You’ve got to help us, Mr John!”
"I am going to teach you a valuable lesson, one you will remember the rest of your career." John's voice was dangerously calm. He had his hand clenched in fists, the look in his eyes furious. "You don't know a thing about the person lying on the table. You don't know if he's married, if he has children or if he's a criminal. You don't get to decide anything," John told the resident trough clenched teeth.
“All right?” John asked after a moment. Sherlock didn’t respond.  After another minute of silence, John looked up from his book and took a good look at Sherlock. There was something about Sherlock John hadn’t seen often before. He expected another difficult awkward conversation, another reveal about what had happened to him. But something in his attitude told John this was about something else. There wasn’t a sad look or a guarded expression on his face. No, Sherlock seemed genuinely nervous about something.
“Do you want to come in?” John said gently. He saw the relief on Sherlock’s face and didn’t wait for an answer. He stepped aside, let Sherlock in, and led him into the living room.
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand to keep him from walking any further. “Please, stop walking. You know I can’t keep up with you right now. Let me explain.”
On Wednesday, John had to teach P.E. to the 4th, 5thand 6thyears. He had decided to start this year by introducing some new games and sports to the students and because of the beautiful weather that week he had scheduled an outdoor lesson so they could play softball.
His eyes even lingered at the violin. The pain and sorrow he had felt for so long had given way wistfulness.
John didn’t need to think twice before agreeing on joining. Grabbing something to drink with his new co-workers was far more exciting than watching sports alone.
Tears were starting to form on Sherlock’s cheeks, and John couldn’t take it any longer. “Okay, Sherlock, listen to me. It’s time for you to wake up. Now!”
Sherlock didn’t respond and avoided John’s gaze. He was fighting the urge to look up into the doctor’s ocean blue eyes because he knew if he did, his anger would subside. Instead, he decided on fixing his gaze on the woman behind John.
But John knew that was not the case. If only it were. No, this realisation was much worse. Sherlock didn't want to be helped; he didn't want to be saved. This was Sherlock throwing in the towel.
So as I’m lying next to you, I make a promise. I’m going to make sure you know that I’m in this for as long as you want me to. I just need to be convincing.
Sherlock didn’t stop; he was on a roll now and enjoying this far too much. “Then there’s your brother. Your phone is expensive, email enabled, mp3 player. But you were looking for a job; you wouldn’t waste your money on this. It’s a gift, then. Scratches, not one but many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting opposite me wouldn’t treat a luxury item like this. So it’s had a previous owner. The next bit’s easy, you know it already.”
Kyle and Charly turned instantly and walked to the other end of the classroom. Alice lay on her side, still unconscious. There was some blood on the floor, probably from where she had hit her head.
Luckily, there was no sign of fire or smoke in the hallway. The path to the nearest fire-exit was short, and in no time, John got the class out of the building. Once outside, he looked around to see if he could find any other classes. He spotted the class of Janine on the opposite side of the road and walked over there with his class.
John counted, recounted and came to the conclusion that the class was complete. He quickly moved on to the next class, which was his own. Of course, Sherlock had the group perfectly under control. He had asked them to sit down and was chatting with a couple of kids in front of him. When he saw John arrive, he stood up.
You know, when you say life had been crazy but you think you figured it out... it's going to bit you in the ass. Big time. But I don't have anything to complain about as long as everyone I care about is save and in good health.
“John, I’m—” Sherlock started uncharacteristically soft, but John knew what was coming and interrupted him.
Sherlock looked at John, one eyebrow slightly raised. "But you don't live there anymore," he stated.
Thanks again for all your kudos and comments. They mean the world to me! So pretty please, leave your thoughts behind :)
“Sherlock, did someone say something that caused this?” John tried, but there was no response whatsoever. That was not it, then. He sniffed, maybe it was the smell of something that triggered this. But he couldn’t smell anything. Food then? No, he had his last meal when John was still there. His eyes darted the room, but he couldn’t discover anything new.
Lestrade sighed and took his phone. He looked down at it for a brief moment before opening the sound file.
Sherlock looked down at John but didn’t move. He couldn’t. The words John just said, ran through his mind like a siren. For the first time, Sherlock noticed what was really going on. He was going through a hard time, but John was blaming himself for it. And he could not let that happen.
With a sigh, John sat up and let his feet touch the cold floor. Now that he was awake properly, he couldn’t shake the angry feeling that was starting to creep up. He knew Sherlock always took his body for granted, but he had hoped that after being in the hospital for almost three weeks, he would be a little more cautious. The man knew better than to eat two bites and stay up all night, especially if he was demanding so much from his weakened body. But being back at Bakerstreet apparently also brought back old habits.
John just stood in the middle of the street and looked at how Sherlock walked away, unable to move yet. He tried to process what had happened, but all he could think of was the feeling of Sherlock’s lips against his and the taste of Sherlock that lingered on his tongue. He had kissed Sherlock. And even better, Sherlock had kissed him back. They were finally done dancing around each other, finally able to come clean about their feelings. John liked Sherlock, and Sherlock clearly liked John as well. The realization made him feel utterly giddy with everything, and it was the best feeling in the world.
John didn’t answer but looked up at Sherlock. He was about to say something when the bartender came up to take his order.
Now that they were settled, John got the chance to take a good look at Sherlock. Of course, the man looked incredible in his tailored suit jacket and aubergine-coloured shirt, but that wasn’t what got John’s attention. He noticed the tightness in Sherlock’s posture, the tension in his jaw. Something was off.
He walked to the door and waited for the class to form a proper line. “Remember, try to keep as calm as possible. Everything will be all right.”
Behind them, the footsteps of sergeant Donovan tapped on the staircase. “You can’t be serious,” she started while climbing the last couple of stairs. “The freak just shows up after a year, and you’re already giving him privileges?”
The nerves in Sherlock’s stomach settled a little, and he walked inside. He walked behind John to the living room. Only then, Sherlock noticed he was limping slightly. “Your ankle was a little more serious than expected, hmm?” he asked.
“I don’t,”  Greg said, not looking up from his newspaper. “But if you want to talk about it, you can.”
After a moment, the door opened. Greg Lestrade stood in the doorway, looking utterly surprised by the sight of John at his doorstep.
Sherlock felt something bloom inside his chest. “I’d like that,” he answered. “I know just the place.”
John looked at his watch again. They were late. He walked to the path that led to the school so he could see his class approaching, but he saw no one. That was strange. John was sure he had written down the proper time and instructions. Otherwise, the other classes would’ve been late as well. He decided to send a text, just to make sure everything was ok and that Sherlock was on his way whit the class.
Sherlock paused for a moment and looked down at his hands. He furrowed his eyebrows as if he was trying to remember something. “Everything went quite well for the first couple of weeks. But I noticed that they were discussing things about me. I overheard their suspicions against me. They were trying to track down my background and already knew I wasn’t from Russia.
But today, Sherlock had his last therapy session before he got to go home. Tomorrow he would get his last dosage of pharmaceutical GHB, and if everything went well, he would be released the next morning. For some reason, John wanted to see him before the session and make sure he was doing fine, especially after the events that had happened yesterday. He tried to reassure Sherlock he could do this.
He didn’t hear the soft encouragement from his therapist. He didn’t hear the shifting of the seat in the far corner of the room. He didn’t hear his footsteps approaching. But when he felt an arm wrapping around him, Sherlock knew it was John. He pressed it against him and held on tight. Relief rushed over him. John was still there.
"However, the patient started to present signs of pneumothorax. We did a bronchoscopy and were able to repair the damage. Doctor Wilson strongly advises switching to a complete splenectomy so that the patients' body doesn't have to experience more stress from the surgery than necessary."
The car that John and Mycroft had picked up from the London Heliport stopped just outside the centre of London in a sophisticated neighbourhood with impressive, chic mansions. There was a long line of trees on both sides of the street, all coloured in beautiful autumn colours. Mycroft climbed the stairs of a white, stately building, and John followed. He looked for the name of the building on the facade, but he couldn’t find it.
Sherlock was about to make an excuse, but the look on John’s face made him change his mind. He followed John to the hallway and closed the door behind him.
“Are you sure? Did you inhale any smoke?” asked Lestrade who came to stand next to Sherlock together with the fire-fighter.
Mycroft seemed to ponder this for a moment. Then, he gave John a small nod. “Yes. Thank you, doctor Watson,” he said, sounding slightly relieved.
Donovan doesn’t answer. Instead, she looks at me with a smirk, her eyes glistening with mischief. Suddenly, I know what’s going on.
Anderson’s face turned red. “You listen to me, okay,” he stammered. “whatever you’re trying to imply…”
Sherlock struggled for a moment, and John wondered if it was because he didn’t want to tell John the truth, or if he couldn’t.  Eventually, the detective seemed to decide that it would be best to come clean and gave John a firm nod. “Ask.”
His cheeks were stained with tears; he hadn’t even noticed he had started crying. He never cried. He tried to remember himself to breath and drew out a shaky breath. His hand found his glass of whiskey, but when he wanted to take a sip, it was empty. He must have drunk it while reading but hadn’t noticed that either.
Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke for the first time. “There has to be a connection between the threats.”
"There should be an update within minutes, as I requested," Mycroft spoke suddenly. John wasn't surprised that Mycroft had demanded hourly updates, and even though John knew everyone would be incredibly busy, a little part of him was grateful for this request.
More colleagues started to come up with ideas, and John felt a weight fell off his shoulders. The fact that his own class was dedicated to the project was great, but he didn’t expect that his colleagues were that enthusiastic as well.
“We have a lot to discuss, and I don’t have much time, so let’s get right to it, shall we?” Doctor Wilson spoke immediately when Mycroft and John entered her office. She didn’t look up from Sherlock’s file. John sat in front of her and waited patiently, but Mycroft didn’t even bother to sit down.
He looks at me, and I see his eyes light up at the praise and a slight blush form on his cheeks, but he tries to keep his cool. “Mere observation, John.”
John looked at Sherlock. He noticed the desperation in his voice and felt his anger subside a little. Sherlock really had been trying; he could see that. It wouldn’t be fair if John would hold it against him. Also, he really didn’t have the strength anymore to argue with Sherlock again.
“Well, you know what I think, don’t you?” she said with a grin on her face. John didn’t miss her innuendo.
John decided to give Sherlock a moment before asking what was going on. He walked to the living room and sat in his chair with his book. He was surprised to see Sherlock come out of his room 10 minutes later. He didn’t look up, but his attention was on Sherlock’s movements. Sherlock stood still in the middle of the room at first, but when John didn’t react, he sat down in the chair opposite John.
John suddenly seemed to realise Sherlock was staring at him and stepped back a little. “I uhm… I should go. Back inside, I mean. See you in a sec?”
Sherlock felt like someone punched him in the gut. If he could disappear right there and then, he would. He was an idiot.  Here he was, finally having the courage to tell John how he felt, and now he was too late. John was seeing someone else. He had probably asked her to take care of him when he came out of the hospital. That was why John hadn’t been texting him. And why would he? Sherlock was just his friend, nothing more.
John looked up at Mike and walked a little closer. “Ah, thanks,” he replied. “I’m fine; everything is going great. I’m so happy to be in front of a class full of students again. The kids are amazing.” He couldn’t suppress his enthusiasm.
Sherlock stopped pacing and gave John a look which John recognized right away. Sherlock thought he was acting like an idiot. “Is officer Brandon the last of those four who joined your team?”
I can hear John walking down the stairs, but I’m so preoccupied with samples of cat saliva under my microscope that I don’t look up immediately. But when I do, I almost let my pipette drop. I manage to grab the edge of the table just in time to make sure my knees won’t buckle, but I can’t prevent myself from sucking in a breath. John is facing the mirror, adjusting his tie. But more important, he’s wearing a dark-green, velvet suit.
With a sigh, Sherlock sat back against his seat and resumed glancing out the window. He knew that if he asked John what was wrong, he would tell Sherlock that it was nothing and would wave it away. And if Sherlock was honest with himself, he also knew why John avoided him. Because the reason for him to feel like this would revolve around him.
This felt a little different, though. He had had a couple of sexual encounters with men in the past, but his actual dating history consisted only of women.  Sherlock was the first man who he would be dating, which made this uncharted territory. But, John decided, if there would be anyone who would act normal about it, it would be his sister.
“I should hate you,” John murmured, his voice strangled, putting all his effort in not breaking down completely in front of his former best friend. He squeezed his eyes shut and fought the tears that were threatening to spill. “But I… I just can’t. The last two years were exhausting, grieving you, letting you go… but hating you was the most exhausting, and I don’t want to do it anymore.”
Sherlock turned around, opened the door and walked back in the classroom, leaving John standing flabbergasted in the hallway, unable to respond.
Sherlock’s head snapped up. “I know,” he immediately responded. Of course, he trusted John. He trusted him implicitly. But he was about to risk everything. “it’s just… hard,” he mumbled.
“No, it fits you perfectly,” I tell him, my voice hoarse. I can see by the smirk on his face that he knows what kind of effect it has on me.
Sherlock glanced up to John briefly but looked down right away. “I uh…I wanted to see how you were doing,” he said in a smaller voice than he anticipated.
Third, I would love to get in contact with some of you! I'm relatively new to this community, and I absolutely love it, but I don't know what's the best way to reach out to you guys. So if you would also like to chat with me about Sherlock, or maybe even would like to write some stuff with me, feel free to leave a comment! That way, we could find a way to chat with each other :)
John looked at Sherlock for a long moment. “Fine,” he managed to say before Sherlock spun into action.
John huffed out a laugh. “Don’t be. I broke up with her. Although I have to admit, being on vacation with your ex-girlfriend isn’t something I would recommend.”
“Good. Come on, let’s go.” And there it was again, another reassuring smile and a comforting hand on his knee. Sherlock felt the warmth of John’s touch radiate through his trousers, even if his hand was already gone. And suddenly, Sherlock knew he couldn’t play this game anymore. It was all or nothing. After today’s session, he would tell John about the way he felt, about the letter, about everything.
“That’s… kind of a strange way to deal with a new friend.” John ignored the look Molly gave him. “And how do I know he’s not just sick of his new partner already?”
“Good luck with the freak!” the woman called after him. John stopped and looked back at her, but her attention was already back on her computer screen. Freak? What? He decided to let it pass.
I'm not a medical expert, but google is my best friend. There will probably be some things that are incorrect, but i'm doing my best :)
It only took him about a minute to get to the hospital, but another 10 minutes to get to Sherlock's room. When John stepped inside, he noticed that the therapist was already gone. Sherlock laid on his back and covered his eyes with his arm. Mycroft sat in the chair next to the bed. John noticed the worried expression on Mycroft's face when he looked at him.
Sherlock turned his head to look at John and felt a rush of warmth through him. The look John gave him was a look of determination, not of pity or disapproval and Sherlock could kiss him right there and then. To make sure he wouldn’t, he took the strip from John. “Thanks,”  said and popped two pills out of it.
Maggie sat down as well in the chair opposite Sherlock. It blocked part of the view, which was a relief. This way, he couldn’t see John’s face. He could pretend. It was just him and his therapist.
“This is unexceptional. How do you even know he’s not going to walk out again and let you deal with the crap he leaves behind?”
When John and Maggie entered Sherlock’s room again, they went to their places right away. Sherlock sat cross-legged on the bed and was fidgeting with the corner of the duvet. He felt nervous. He didn’t look at John. He couldn’t. If he wanted to do this, he needed to focus.
Sherlock walked closer and cleared his throat. “Well, I sent Thom to the gym, but he couldn’t find you, so I assumed you were sick.”
“For God’s sake, John, look at the man!” Mycroft snapped. “You know what’s happening inside his body. He’s slowly bleeding to death. You really think he wants to die?”
“What?” John exclaimed. He wanted to argue with Sherlock, but he was suddenly aware of 28 pairs of eyes directed on him and Sherlock. “Kids, why don’t you continue your project? I promise I will make up for the missed lesson this Friday.”
Suddenly everyone started running. The doctors immediately walked away. The necessary devices were disconnected, and the bed was removed from the brakes. Two nurses were ready to take Sherlock; a third stood by the door to keep it open. They all looked at John. Only then did John realise that he was still holding Sherlock's hand. He quickly let go, and immediately the bed was rolled out of the room. Mycroft hurried after them, looking over his shoulder to John.
Suddenly, the quiet was disrupted by a soft moan. It took John a moment to register what he had heard. But when he heard it again, he was alert instantly. He knew those soft whimpers like nobody else. Those weren’t moans out of pleasure, but out of discomfort, fear and pain.
Sherlock didn’t answer. His shoulders were hunched forward, hands in the pockets of his coat and his head hang low. “Hello, John,” he mumbled.
Lestrade was the first who dared to speak. He cleared his throat. “Sherlock, I’m glad you decided to join the meeting as well.” He looked from Sherlock to John and back. “John was telling us about the blog project you have running in your class. John?”
“That’s what you’re concerned about? Not about Lestrade?” Mrs Hudson chuckled, and John shot her a look. “Yeah, maybe you do have a point,” she laughed.
Sherlock’s pace was a bit slower and more deliberate, his face tense, and his teeth clenched. He was in pain but didn’t want to show it. He tried to hold up his previous façade of the cold, untouchable detective, while he actually wasn’t ready for this. And maybe that was the thing John worried the most. Sherlock would to everything not to show what he had been through, and it would break him in the end. And John just had to stand there and watch him do it.
“No. Well, yes. But it’s not what you think.” John explained and he watched how Lestrade raised an eyebrow at that. “We had a bit of a rough night. He was having a nightmare, and I grabbed his shoulder just when he started thrashing around. It was an accident.”
“And who do you think made that happen?” Sherlock snapped, his tone arrogant and bitter. A couple of colleagues started mumbling with each other. John looked at him in disbelief. This was a low blow, even for him.
Lestrade was starting to lose his patience. “You better come up with a bloody good reason right now.”
This time, Mycroft did look from his phone. “Two days ago,” he replied. He seemed to hesitate a bit.
John waved with his hand, dismissively. “I’m sure he does it with every new partner he has,” John said, but he could feel his cheeks burn up a little, and when he looked at Mike, John knew he noticed as well.
At first, John was concerned. He knew the cab ride wasn’t the moment to ask what was going on, so he didn’t speak as well during the trip home. But when they got back at the apartment, Sherlock walked straight to his bedroom and closed the door with a loud bang, leaving John standing in the middle of the room, startled.
“Are you complete, Philip?” John tried when he arrived, but he got no response. He tried again. “Anderson! Are you complete?”
“I know that, John,” Sherlock answered slightly frustrated. “It’s not that I want to protect you; I need to.”
“All right, everything seems to go as well as expected. If you don’t have any questions, you’re free to go. Try to take it easy for a couple more weeks, okay?” Dr. Wilson spoke gently before she turned her gaze towards John. “Dr. Watson, I want to have a quick word before you go, please.”
They walked down the hall to the office and were greeted by Dr. Wilson.  “Mr. Holmes, it’s good to see you again,” she said and shook his hand. When she stepped aside to let them in, she gave John a small nod as a greeting.
John took a long, good look at the sleeping man next to him. Sherlock's features were soft and relaxed, his mouth a bit open. It made him look years younger, and John wished that there was a way he could always see him like this, so at peace and unguarded. He was beautiful. Even after all these years, after all these battles and wars Sherlock had fought, he was the most attractive man John knew. He would give anything to run his hand through those dark curls, to caress his sharp cheekbones, to kiss...
“It isn’t,” Sherlock answered. With that, he stood up from his chair, rushed to his bedroom and closed the door with a bang, leaving John and Lestrade behind
Mycroft was the one who decided this time. "He's stable for now?" he asked. The resident nodded in answer. "Then, we would like to stick to the original plan."
Molly shrugged. “He doesn’t do meetings. Never been to one of them, much to the Lestrade’s frustration.”
“Please, you just came back from a twenty-eight-hour flight and you are used to a whole different time zone,” Sherlock answered. “Plus, I can hear your stomach growling.”
Sherlock hesitantly looked up and met John’s eyes for the first time. He regretted it immediately. John looked at him questioningly, and Sherlock was sure John was able to see right through him. He braced himself for John’s reaction, but nothing came. Instead, he watched how John’s face lit up and was greeted with a warm smile.
Soon after John moved from 221B Bakerstreet to the small coastal village, he found work as a doctor. The local practice offered him enough distraction. There weren't many unusual cases, but he didn't care. He needed rest and being on his own. And that was precisely what Fairlight Cove could offer him.
Sherlock beamed at him. “Harry Watson. Clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. It could be a cousin, but brother is more likely. Now, who’s Clara? Three kisses sais a romantic attachment. The expensive phone says wife, not a girlfriend. Must’ve given it to him recently; this model’s only six months old. If she’d left him, he would’ve kept it. People do, sentiment. But no, he wanted to get rid of it, he left her. He gave the phone to you, that says he wants you to stay in touch. But you were unemployed and unable to pay for your own phone, and you’re not going to your brother for help? That says you have problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife; maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
“What? I didn’t say anything. And besides, it’s a great idea. Don’t say you won’t be happy when he shows up!”
“Shut up,” John hissed through clenched teeth. He desperately tried to keep his anger under control. “Do you have any idea why he was gone? What happened?”
After quickly checking Alice’s vitals again, he brushed her hair away from her face and saw immediately where she had hit her head. Luckily there was only a small head wound, but the large bump on her forehead was clearly visible. He looked for other injuries, but he couldn’t find any.
He knew how to teach. Actually, he was rather good at teaching, and he knew it. But the fact he knew didn’t make any difference in his level of nervousness. It made it worse. He hadn’t been teaching since he’d got back from Afghanistan, so he knew he had to allow himself some time to accommodate. But he wanted to prove he still was the excellent teacher he was before he got shot.
The nurse walked away with her tail between the legs. Mycroft turned to the window to see what was going on. John watched how his face fell, and all colour slowly pulled out of his face. "Are you alright?" He asked, but Mycroft didn't answer.
“Oh, but I think you will,” Lestrade insisted and walked closer to Sherlock. “You have to. You’ve already wasted your privilege to continue this case, but I’m sure you want to avoid putting yourself, and John, in a lot of trouble.”
It takes him a moment to understand what I’m talking about. He smiles fondly, and I can’t place if it’s directed towards me, or if he smiles at the memory. “No, my uncle’s. He loved to collect old knickknacks on flea markets.” He takes his tie in hand and looks at the pin. “He gave it to me when I graduated. It’s probably worth nothing, but—”
“In a way, he reminded me of you. We protected each other and took care of each other in the best way we could. But of course, they found out he was a spy a month and a half after I met him. That was the first time I saw what they were capable of. They captured him and tortured him. Ultimately, they decided to kill him. They had noticed we started to become close, so they…”
Once seated at his desk, he opened the map he and Sherlock used for schedules and administration and looked for the note Sherlock left for him. He couldn’t find it.
Mycroft put his elbows on the desk and entwined his hands. He leaned his face on his index fingers. It seemed that he had to think about John’s request.
It had been tough to be back at the Yard. He tried not to get affected by the stares and the whispers, to be the person he was before he went to Eastern Europe. And in Lestrade’s office, he tried to be on top of his game and suck in every bit of information Lestrade had to offer. But in result, his head was spinning from all the things he had heard. He knew it would probably be better to go to the apartment tomorrow, but he needed to push through. He needed to know he could do this, that he still was the same. He couldn’t back out already. All he needed was a moment to recollect himself.
Lestrade was the first to arrive. He greeted John with a friendly embrace and gave Mycroft a short handshake. Mrs Hudson soon followed, pulling John into a tight hug and ignored Mycroft completely.
“They are, but that doesn’t matter to Sherlock. He just draws his own plan,” Molly smiled slightly. “You’ll get used to it.”
Okay, there are a couple of things I like to say to you guys before you start to read.  Normally I'd do this at the end of a chapter, but let's get it over with. :)
There was no sign of smoke or fire in the hall so John walked towards the staircase. Once he opened the door, he knew he was too late. The smell of smoke ran up his nose and he had to do his best to avoid coughing. His instinct told him to go back, to search for another way to get out. But he knew that he would not find it. The only way out was by going down.
They took a cab and drove to the address Sherlock had given the driver. Sherlock couldn’t help it but glance over at John now and then. He felt John do the same, but he couldn’t bring himself to look at him at the same time. They sat on the backseat of the car in complete silence during the ride, and Sherlock wished he was better at small talk.
John sighed and let the tension he had been holding all day glide from his shoulders. He briefly hesitated before he put his other hand in Sherlock’s hair and started to fumble through it gently.
One of the things he and Sherlock picked up doing in the last couple of weeks, was meeting up before the day began when they both had to work at Bart’s. They both agreed to come in early so that they had the time to catch up and drink a cup of coffee together. At first, John thought it would be so they could align with each other, but it seemed that Sherlock had other intentions. He just wanted to get to know John, to have a friendly chat with him. And that interest made John's heart leap in his chest, and his cheeks burn.
The woman gave John a broad, warm smile. “I’m Mrs Hudson. It’s so nice to meet you, dear. I was so happy when I heard we finally found someone who’s up for the job. I was starting to fear that Sherlock would end up teaching that class alone.”
“Sherlock, that’s insane.” John interrupted. “There’s no way we can check all of those files just to see if there’s a small connection.”
“Look,” Greg started after a long pause. “I’m sure Mycroft asked you to come with him for a reason. There will be something you can do. Maybe not now, but there will be. But please, John, don’t lose your faith in him. Not if he doesn’t have any left of his own.”
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “I’m good. But if you want to take a break and get to know the vultures, by all means.”
“All right, all right. His name is Sherlock,” John started. “He’s around my age, maybe a couple of years younger. He’s quite tall, taller than me,-”
I enter the kitchen to confirm John has indeed left the apartment. My eyes linger on two used mugs and snort; of course, Mycroft couldn’t wait to put his nose in my business. There’s freshly-made coffee with a mug next to the machine as well, but I ignore it.
When Sherlock finished throwing up, he lay down again, his knees raised to his chest. He clenched his unhurt arm around his stomach. His face showed a pained expression.
Donovan glared at John daringly and narrowed her eyes. “I don’t have to. I know his moves, I know what he’s up to. And I will not fall for that again. Once a freak, always a freak.”
“I try not to, but sometimes I can’t help it. I cannot not observe.” Sherlock looked at John playfully. “Did I get anything wrong?”
Sherlock remained silent, but Mycroft saw his body tense, precisely what he wanted. This was going to work.
John felt a rush of relief going through his body. Of course, she knew. Mrs Hudson knew everything. He chuckled a little and couldn’t suppress a smile, but his face fell into the previous serious look almost immediately. “He’s hurt, traumatised and afraid. I’m trying to help him as much as I can, Mycroft is too. But I think I could use your help.”
Mycroft knew it wasn’t fair. He knew it would only take a small push to get Sherlock over the edge. And somewhere deep down, he felt a little guilty. But he knew it was the only way to get Sherlock to cooperate.
I look into his eyes, and I know what he’s trying to tell me. Maybe not with words, not yet, and he doesn’t have to. The look in his eyes tells me that at this moment, we both can feel them.
“nonsense dear, of course, I couldn’t rent it to someone else. It’s your home; you two belong here. Besides, your name is still on the lease.”
When John entered Sherlock’s room, he became aware of the whole situation. Sherlock wasn’t in his bed but sat in the far corner of the room. How he had managed that, John didn’t know. He sat on the ground with his knees against his chest and with his hands, he gripped his head tightly, covering his ears with the palms. He was muttering something, but John couldn’t understand what he was saying.
Greg’s eyes grew big. “No way. That’s not possible. Are you sure it’s not of Mycroft’s schemes? Another one of his twisted…”
“Mr John told us to tell you that you needed to call an ambulance,” Charly added. “He’s with Alice. She hit her head.”
John gave Sherlock a moment to regain his composure a bit. It broke his heart to see Sherlock like this. He knew what it was like to wake up from nightmares, being someone who had fought a fair amount himself. But to see someone like this, so utterly frightened and scared was hard. He swallowed hard before he started to whisper. “Is it okay if I touch you?”
Sherlock looked up, questioningly into John’s eyes. John didn’t need words to understand what he meant by it.
Mike nodded. “Yeah, state school, year 6. The new school year starts in two weeks. What about you? Staying in town, getting yourself sorted?”
John really tried to join the conversation, but he was distracted. He knew it would be better not to get his hopes up, but he couldn’t help it. He caught himself checking the door every time someone entered the pub. He had the urge to check his phone to see if Sherlock had texted, but he fought it. Instead, he silently drank his beer and pretended to listen to a story about one of Molly’s new students.
Thank you guys so much for all the response! It means the world to me to know you are liking it so far! <3
"Is everything all right?" John asked. He got no response. Sherlock didn't move, and Mycroft just looked at his brother awaiting a reply.
John started running through the corridor, his senses in overdrive, adrenalin rushing through his system. He knew he had to be on top of his game. One mistake, and he would have to face the consequences.
There was a pleading edge to John's tone, which caught Sherlock’s attention, and his curiosity won. He glanced at the man opposite him and actively tried to ignore the faint stutter he felt in his chest when their eyes met. “Why would I?” Sherlock spat.
The cab ride to the train station was slightly shorter than anticipated, which meant John had some time to spare before he would pick up Sherlock. He had walked up to the platform together with Harry. She had wanted him to go so he would be in time for his date, but John insisted on a proper goodbye. When they arrived, Harry’s train was already there. After a quick exchange of promises (John said he would visit her around Christmas; Harry promised to call him more often), they did something they rarely did: they hugged each other.
“I already started to work on… oh.” Sherlock closed his mouth and looked at John, a little embarrassed. He swiftly turned around and started to order some books and files. He cleared his throat. “Obviously I can, uhm… straighten things up a bit.”
They stayed like this for minutes, and John was almost sure Sherlock finally started to fall asleep when he suddenly started to speak.
This took John completely by surprise. He looked at Sherlock, who was avoiding his gaze and looked at his hands. “You don’t have to apologise for anything?” he asked after a moment.
Sherlock just nodded in answer, and John managed to provide him with a small smile. “Listen, I will ask if your session still can continue this afternoon. I’ll come back afterwards; I have to go somewhere. Let’s pretend this conversation never happened when I get back, yeah?”
“Do you plan to continue your relationship with Sherlock?” the man continued, avoiding John’s glare.
Sherlock nodded. He braced himself, took one last deep breath and turned over to walk to principal Lestrade.
He reached out to grab Sherlock’s shoulder without thinking, which was a mistake. The detective suddenly started to thrash around with his arms, and his arm with the cast on it hit the left side of John’s cheek hard before he could dodge it.
Thank you ohlooktheresabee for helping me get through this chapter and help me with the final touches!
“Good, that’s good. Now, all we can do is wait. Thanks for the help, John.” He clapped John on the shoulder.
The class started to mumble, and John could hear most of the students were disappointed.  He looked at Sherlock questioningly.
Halfway up, John felt his phone buzzing in his hand. With a sinking feeling, he opened the text and read it.
Kyle’s voice made Sherlock snap out of his thoughts. He looked at the boy, fear written all over his face. “Of course,” he said quietly, trying to hide the slight quiver in his voice. “Listen, you two were very brave today. They will probably want to check if you are okay once the ambulances are here, just to be sure.” Sherlock waited for Charly and Kyle to nod and gave them a small smile. “I’m sure Mr John will do his very best to make sure Alice is going to be fine. Come on, let’s find Mr Philip so he can call your parents, yeah?”
“Okay kids,” John started once the class was filled with students. “I  know we normally start our week by telling how your weekend was, but I need a couple of minutes before we can start our day. Please grab your reading books and start reading in silence.”
Mrs Hudson laughed. “You really have quite an influence on him, John. I’ve never seen him like this.”
“When we found him and collected his clothes at the hospital, there was an old note in the inner pocket of his coat. It’s for you,” Mycroft explained and sighed.
John looked at how the man reached inside his suit jacket and took out a cheque book. “If you keep an eye on him,” the man began as he started to write some things down. “I would be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis, to… ease your way.”
Sherlock turned around to face Lestrade. Their eyes met and glared at each other for a moment, both unwilling to give in. But in the end, Sherlock’s furious gaze won and Lestrade turned away in defeat. With every bit of strength he had, Sherlock stood in place a little longer until he heard the front door close. He rushed to his room and immediately opened the doors of his wardrobe.
“You’ve, uhm… you got some-“ stammer and gesture to the corner of my mouth. He mirrors me and tries to wipe the crumbs of cereal away, but misses.
Anthea stood there, holding an umbrella above her head. John knew what it meant right away. She came to deliver a message from Mycroft Holmes. His death notice, probably.
He followed her into her own apartment and set down at the kitchen table. He watched her make tea and suddenly found it hard to break the news to her. She had been there for him when Sherlock went away. She came by every other day to check up on him and had been a tremendous help with little Rosie the first few months. Even though she missed Sherlock incredibly, she had stayed strong for John and kept her hopes up for him. She had not blamed him when he finally told her he was going to leave London. She understood. But John knew it was hard for her to see another of “her boys” leave.
For a split second, John was terrified he wouldn’t get an answer. Then, Sherlock tightened the grip around his hand slightly. “John,” he croaked, his voice barely a whisper. “John I don’t… please,” was all he managed to say.
John still wasn’t finished yet. “You were acting like an arrogant bastard all week. I should report this to Lestrade, see what he thinks about your behaviour last week! Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t do that.”
"I'm not coming with you. If Mycroft has any respect whatsoever, he will come in person and tell me they have found his body, "John paused briefly and sighed. "That it is finally over. If that’s not the case, then I don’t want to talk to him. Report that back to your boss." He grabbed the doorknob to close it.
When Mycroft entered the room, he saw that Sherlock was staring at the ceiling. He was tapping the fingers of his free hand impatiently against the mattress. “Don’t worry; your next dosage will be here soon.”
“That’s when they decided to transport me to Mitrovica, Kosovo. I was about six months into my mission. When I arrived, I noticed that I had to deal with a different kind of people right away. They weren’t happy with my arrival at all. It made them feel that they were being watched. They started to question me, wanted to know why I was there. I managed to keep up my façade for a couple of weeks. I discovered that most of their clients were rich businessmen from all over the world. People who weren’t supposed to be in Kosovo at all.
“Don’t worry, Lestrade got it covered,” Donovan tells me, her voice soft next to my ear. “Turn us around, and you’ll see what I mean.”
John froze. The sherlock he knew would never hit his brother. Sure, the two had a unique, distant relationship with many unspoken annoyances towards each other, but that never went beyond heated discussions and an occasional insult. Now, sherlock had not only fought Mycroft, but he had done it hard enough for Mycroft to be limping the next day.
After a long afternoon of discussing students and looking through files, John was happy to be home. He had decided not to do anything else tonight but to eat the fish and chips he bought from the local shop on the corner of the street, drink a beer or two and watch a movie.
It took five more minutes before the cab arrived at the apartment of Tom Brandon. With a little difficulty, Sherlock stepped out and walked up to the main entrance of the building and waited for John to enter as well. Together, they walked to the elevator and took it up to the third floor.
“You are the one who’s jeopardising our regular curriculum right now! Not to mention, being an awful colleague as well.”
“We do need him to get some answers. And If that means needs a couple of minutes to get those, I’m more than happy to oblige.”
John didn’t answer. He looked past Mycroft into the room. “I need to see him,” was all he said. He tried to walk passed the doctors, but one of them stopped him.
John waited for Sherlock to walk towards him and sit in his chair. He didn’t. He lowered himself to the couch to sit next to John with difficulty.
“They don’t know the half of it,” Sherlock spat. He regretted it right away. He knew John didn’t deserve it. He was just so fed up with everything.
With a sigh, John decided it was time to get himself out of Sherlock's embrace and get up before the detective would wake up. He shifted a little, turned on his side, facing Sherlock and took the hand of the detective, and tried to put it on the pillow next to his head. This plan had worked quite well the previous mornings, but when John decided to pull his hand away so he could get up, he noticed that Sherlock somehow got a grip of John’s hand. John expected Sherlock to wake up right after, but he didn’t. He tried to free his grasp, but Sherlock wouldn’t let go. The only thing he could do was lay down and wait for Sherlock to wake up.
Sherlock looked up at the sudden fierceness of John’s voice. “Okay,” he answered eventually and let go of John’s hands.
“Of course,” Sherlock immediately answered. The man looked up at John with big, pleading eyes. “Believe me when I say that leaving you behind was the last thing I intended to do. But when Moriarty’s plan became visible, I knew I had no other choice.”
It took John a moment to recollect himself, but Sherlock had already put on his game face and sprung into action. “Three, so far,” he answered and started to walk across the room. “The kidnapper is a man, or are multiple men, that much is obvious by the size of his clothing. A woman could not be able to overtake him. There isn’t any sign of struggle or resistance, so I believe he wasn’t taken from here.”
John knew what Sherlock was referring to, but didn’t reply. He knew what Sherlock was trying to do; he was trying to lighten up the situation with humour, just like the night before. But this time, John was prepared and didn’t fall for it. He just looked at Sherlock with his arms folded across his chest and waited for him to realize they were going to have a serious, adult, conversation.
“I… I don’t do this. Dating, I mean. I haven’t been on a date since Uni, and I’m not even sure if that counted.” Sherlock hesitated a moment before continuing. “I’ve only had one relationship in my life, and although it was many things, I now realize that it wasn’t a healthy one. I know that I’m not an easy person and that my inexperience in this area isn’t what you are looking for, so I would understand if you would want to reconsider this.”
The look on Sherlock’s face almost made John feel a little guilty about his harsh approach, but he did his best not to dwell on it. This wasn’t about being careful with Sherlock’s emotions or making things right between them. This was about confiscating the truth, nothing less, and definitely nothing more.
At the bottom of the note, there was something written down in a different colour, probably added later:
“I’m so sorry John,” Molly started, her voice quivering slightly. “I asked how he was doing, and everything was fine, but when I asked how he felt about what happened last year he just… froze. He didn’t say a word, just stood up and walked away. I think I screwed up.”
John stood there, completely grounded for a moment. Then, he grabbed Sherlock’s hand with both of his. He took a deep breath and started to speak, trying to keep his voice as calm and steady as he could. He knew he had to be very clear.
“Good morning Mrs Hudson, how are you doing today?” Sherlock asked in a perky tone when he and John entered the school on Wednesday morning, and John couldn’t hold his chuckle. It wasn’t every day that he got to see Sherlock this cheerful.
“At your new school? That’s going to be a challenge.” Harry couldn’t keep her concern out of her voice.
When we enter Sherlock’s bedroom, the mood shifts. The cab ride was filled with some excellent snogging and playful touches, but now it grows into something more delicate, more vulnerable. This won’t be just sex; it’ll be the start of something new. I realise we only get to do this once, and I’m determined to make it rememberable.
“You know, when I left,” Sherlock started, still not looking at John. “I didn’t think I would be able to see you again. I thought it was our final goodbye. I knew I had to try, though. That’s why I managed to stay alive for so long. And then, something snapped. I didn’t see the light at the end of the tunnel anymore.” He took a deep, shaky breath. “I gave up.”
Soon, the whole parking lot was filled with kids, and it took only seconds before everyone knew what was going on. It seemed that the plugs had blown in the old part of the school building, causing a short circuit and thus causing a fire. Luckily there were no classrooms situated there, which was a relief.
He decided not to mention anything for the moment and changed the subject. “Has my brother decided where he wants to go when he’s being released?”
“Maybe not, but it is what it is,” Sherlock answered, trying to sound impassive. “Shouldn’t we get going?”
Doctor Wilson sniffed. "I apologize, Mr. Holmes. We were busy saving your brother's life," she said sarcastically.
A few seconds later, Lestrade and Mrs Hudson slowly walked into Sherlock’s room. Sherlock’s eyes grew big. John saw this, placed his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “It’s okay,” he said softly.
“If this is doing the best you can, your best is clearly not enough. I’m warning you, doctor Watson. You need to step up your game. If you can’t, I need to admit him.” Dr. Wilson glared at him for a moment. “And we both know how much fun it would be for everyone involved, don’t we?”
“I do, we’ve got a problem. We got different reports of people within our police force who were threatened.  The threats were serious enough for us to start an investigation, but there had been a development. ”
Sherlock shrugged. “What can I say? I’m just happy we have next week off. Love to chat, but I have a class to prepare. Coffee in half an hour, John!” With that, Sherlock dashed through the doors, leaving John standing in the middle of the hallway.
But as John walked across the schoolyard, something else crept up too. He started to feel a little anxious. Not because of the job itself, he knew he was a good teacher, but because of his new partner. When he met Sherlock yesterday, he couldn’t help but be impressed by the young man. But when he met some other new colleagues and told them that he was the new teacher of year 4, they all gave him a look, and no one said anything about his new partner. This made John wonder.
“I’ll get the next round,” John said abruptly in the hope that no one would notice the blush on his cheeks. Molly and Mike didn’t even look up when he walked away, but he was sure that he saw a grin on Sherlock’s face.
But John knew it wasn’t a drill. Otherwise, he would know about it. Suddenly, he started to worry about his own class. What if they got stuck somewhere? What if Sherlock couldn’t get out in time? He took a deep breath and pushed the thoughts out of his head. He had the responsibility to get these kids outside. His own class would come later.
The rest of the evening passed by in a haze. Mycroft and John had not spoken about what had happened. Mycroft had allowed John to take a quick look at his nose, which was not broken and had ordered a ride to take John to his hotel.
“All right,” Harry said as she propped up on her elbows, “I have one more question for you, the most important one. How good is this new lover between the sheets?”
Sherlock sighed. He knew he had to tell John what was going on in his head eventually, might as well do it while he still felt angry about it to get it off his chest. “You went away.”
“Bisexual. Yes, of course,” Harry said quickly. “But I’ve always figured your interest in men was more sexual than romantic. I thought you were shagging both, but that you would end up with a woman eventually. I never heard you say you were interested in dating men as well.”
There was a long pause. John didn’t want to look up, but when he did, he looked right into Sherlock’s eyes. Another rush of warmth ran through his body, and he was sure he saw Sherlock’s eyes darken a little. John licked his bottom lip; he couldn’t help it.
Sherlock cut him off. “I’m not implying anything. I’m sure Sally just came around for a nice little chat and happened to stay over.” He walked passed the receptionist and glanced at her. “And I assume scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.” With that, Sherlock walked away, and John followed suit.
Greg returned to his newspaper, but John could see he wasn’t reading. He was waiting for John to start the conversation.
John started to move as well, and for a second, Sherlock had the hope he would lay down with him. But John just turned around to grab his keys again.
John shifted in his seat. He felt slightly uncomfortable discussing this. He knew Sherlock was an addict and that drugs always would seem attractive to him. They had talked about it, and John had helped him get through his bad days. But he had been clean for at least four years. Now it felt like they had to start all over again from the beginning. Even if he hadn’t administered the drugs himself, something John was convinced of, he still had to go through the terrible stages of withdrawal.
John grabbed another chair and sat next to Mycroft. He took a good look at Sherlock and noticed every bit of colour in his face was gone. Tiny drops of sweat coated his forehead, and he was trembling slightly. John saw the paper spit buckets on the nightstand. His gaze shifted from Sherlock to Mycroft, who gave John a knowing look. Mycroft hesitated to say something but didn't.
We’re both staring at each other for what seems like minutes, and I’m not surprised that it’s John who decides to break the silence. “Tea?”
Sherlock glared at him for a long moment but didn’t seem able to find the right answer. Instead, he just let himself fall onto the mattress and continued to stare at the ceiling with an angry frown on his face.
John turned on his side to look at his alarm. 5.47 AM. There was no point in trying to get back to sleep now. He got up, walked to the bathroom, and turned on the tap of the shower. After a minute of waiting for the water to warm up, he stepped out of his pajama pants and under the hot shower, letting the water calm his nerves a bit.
They sat like that for minutes. John was whispering comforting things into Sherlock’s ear, one hand stroking his back, the other placed in the nape of his neck. Sherlock listened to every word. They kept him from falling back into the darkness. He started to calm down a bit.
He didn’t get a reply. When John looked one last time, the class was more than 15 minutes late. This wasn’t because of some delay at the school. He took his phone and looked at the message he had sent. Sherlock hadn’t read his message, which didn’t surprise him. For a moment, John wondered if he should call instead, but he knew Sherlock probably had left his phone in the pocket of his coat like he always did. John sighed and ran his hand through his hair. This was the second time Sherlock had done something out of character. What on earth was going on?
Mycroft ignored Sherlock. “How are you feeling, brother mine?” Mycroft started, sounding distant and alert.
“I know you need some time, but I’d like to have dinner together,” he whispers and places a kiss on the top of my head.
“I don’t know why I’m here. Mycroft came to me to ask for my help. I don’t know what I could do what he can’t do himself.” John’s voice sounded small, not his own. “I think he doesn’t want to survive this.”
“I can’t believe this,” Lestrade exclaimed and Sherlock’s attention snapped back at him. “In all those years working with you, I thought you would have learned by now that there are some lines you simply cannot cross. Stealing photos from a crime scene… I thought you’d learned!
“What kind of niche?” Maggie asked. She sounded curious, and Sherlock couldn’t blame her. This was the first time he was going to talk about it. He had to. He wanted John to know.
He tried to remember the names and was making a list inside his head. There were Sarah and Janine who were responsible for the reception year, Ella did year one by herself, Mary and Irene did year two together, a young teacher named Molly did year three. Year four was his class, another guy named Philip thought year five and John knew Mike already, who thought year 6. It wasn’t a huge staff, but then again, it wasn’t a large school either.
“I’ll talk to him. I think I have some tricks up my sleeve to make sure he will cooperate,” Mycroft said, giving John a knowing look. Then he stood up. “If that’s all, doctor Wilson?” He held out his hand and waited for her to shake it. After that, he walked away, leaving John behind.
That was it. It was over. Defeated by his last mission, died of an honourable death—the way he wanted it. Suddenly John no longer felt the panic he had first sensed. He felt a kind of calmness coming up instead. It was what it was. It was the way he wanted to die. It was okay.
The doctor nodded in answer. "I will speak with you tomorrow to work out a treatment plan. We still have a long road ahead of us. For now, try to get some sleep." With that, Doctor Wilson walked away, leaving Mycroft and John behind.
John hesitated. It didn’t matter how attractive a shower was right now; he didn’t want to leave Sherlock alone. But he also knew he had to take care of himself as well.
John reached for the door handle before Sherlock could make a move, allowing him to get inside before sliding in on the backseat and closing the door. Sherlock quickly gave the taxi driver the address and the car started to move.
After an hour, Sherlock started to feel desperate. He really, really wanted to sleep. He turned, switched sides and turned again, but it only made him feel more anxious.
To anyone who would hear the question, it would sound like Sherlock just was checking if the situation was under control, but John knew better. Although it was well hidden, he could hear the slight tone of concern in Sherlock’s voice. He was checking up on john, making sure he was okay.
He was running out of time; he knew that. The fire would spread, and if the staircase filled up with smoke, there would be no way out.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, at least, not with words. He shrugs nonchalantly, but the faint blush on his cheeks tells me he’s just trying to act cool.
John didn’t mean to yell, but he could no longer manage his anger. He saw Sherlock flinch a little and knew he had gone too far. He wanted to take back what he said immediately, but two bright grey-blue eyes looked up at him, and John suddenly lost the ability to speak. He saw something he didn’t see before. This wasn’t the competent, almost arrogant man John knew. This was a man who was incredibly insecure and did his very best to hide it. Could it be that Molly was right after all?
John snapped his mouth shut, realising what he had said. He was okay with Sherlock knowing, especially after his own confession. But he hadn’t intended to tell him so soon or to tell him like this.
In record time, he had put on his clothes and got into the back of a black car that for some reason, always seemed to be ready to drive him to somewhere. It only took 10 minutes to drive to the private hospital, but that was long enough for John to worry. He could not help but wonder what could have happened. He made sure everything was fine when he left at the end of the evening. And yet there must have been something that had caused the sudden change.
“I’ll schedule your parent-teacher conferences. Just this once dear, I’m not your personal assistant.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him and continued his yelling. “Six, but that’s not the point. You could have died! What’s gotten into you, bursting inside like some superhero. You do have a responsibility, you know?”
Sherlock frowned and shook his head, still not knowing what John was talking about. “I don’t know to who you are ref-,” he stopped mid-sentence, realization hitting him. Harry. Harriet Watson. John’s sister. How could he possibly forget?
John did not leave his side, and Mycroft was also always close by. Johns mood started to go up, and he became more relaxed each day. They had some small talk, had some discussions about useless things and even cracked a joke from time to time. Sherlock didn’t want to admit it, but it started to feel a bit like before.
“Don’t be an idiot, John. I won't lower myself to such a basic emotion. You are completely missing the point.”
“Oh, of course, go blab to bloody Mycroft. You two are becoming two peas in a pot,” Sherlock spit venomously
“Around two and a half weeks ago. At first, officer Brandon didn’t mention it. But when the second threat came, it became clear it was a bit more serious than he anticipated.”
“Oh, don’t worry, everything is fine,” Maggie said and gave John a small smile. “He wanted me to ask you something before we begin. He knew you would drop by beforehand so he asked me if I could come a little early.”
“Oh.” Harry’s grin fell, and surprise hit her as she realized what her brother meant. “You have a date with a bloke?” She said after a minute. A more severe tone replaced the playful one she had in her voice a moment before.
“Well, let’s just say she wasn’t exactly happy with the situation and said some things I wouldn’t want to repeat in public.”
John turned slowly towards Sherlock. He was clenching and unclenching his fists, and Sherlock knew that wasn’t a good sign. “You are. Lying about your progress.”
After what felt like minutes, Lestrade cleared his throat again to attract attention. “Uhm, let’s take a five-minute break, shall we?”
Second: I'm not familiar with the English school system, so while I try to look up as much as possible, there will be influences from the Dutch school system as well (as I am a dutchie :) )
Sherlock felt his cheeks warm and nodded. He started to realize John was actually serious about this date.
I lean back and watch with satisfaction how Sherlock eats the last of his desert. The evening has been incredible; delicious food paired with some excellent wine complementing the courses perfectly, the atmosphere between us relaxed, maybe flirty even.
They were halfway on their way back to Baker Street when Sherlock’s attention was driven to the quick typing of John’s fingers on his phone. He turned a bit and looked at the man next to him properly. Something had caused a sudden shift in John’s state of mind, something Sherlock hadn’t been a part of. The doctor was sitting straight up in his seat and was all tensed up; his jaw clenched, his face set into a familiar stern frown.
“Listen, I know you hate it when I ask you this late, but it’s your own class. John can’t make it. You know I normally would call in a substitute, but with the fire and everything going on I thought you wouldn’t appreciate it if I let someone else run your class.”
Another rush of anger ran through John’s body. Where did he get the nerve, of course, he could say his friends’ name!
“Dr Watson,” Mycroft started slowly after another minute of staring. “When do you believe a patient is no longer capable of making his own medical decisions?”
“Oh, right.” John paused, realising what it meant. He raised his eyebrows a bit. “Do you have a boyfriend? Which is fine by the…”
John desperately tried again to make Sherlock talk. “Please, tell me what’s wrong, Sherlock. I don’t think I can help you if…” But he suddenly stopped. He heard it—the tap. The tap was dripping.
With a sigh, I heave myself from the sofa. When I look at John, he grins victoriously. My first instinct is to snap at him, but that would probably be considered as 'a bit not good'. So instead, I just shoot him a glare. I walk towards the kitchen, but halfway I stop in my tracks.
John suddenly started to feel nervous. He knew Sherlock didn’t support the project and that he had tolerated it just because John wanted to try it. John had wanted to schedule it on his own days as much as possible so he wouldn’t saddle Sherlock with it during his days. But that also meant Sherlock wasn’t up to date about the project and John knew that he wouldn’t appreciate being kept in the dark.
Now it was Sherlock’s time to look puzzled. He noticed the deliberate tone in John’s voice and the slight shift in his posture, but he couldn’t place it.
John gave Sherlock a small smile. “Hey, Sherlock,” he simply replied. Sherlock gave John a small smile as well and lifted himself on the barstool opposite to John.
Of course, Sherlock didn’t miss the hidden message. He easily could deduce what was going on. An ex-girlfriend who felt guilty, probably because she had cheated on John, or at least kissed with someone else. Not recently, though.
“And beyond that, did you realise you denied our pupils proper education when you decided not to come to P.E?” John was getting on a roll now, and the fact that Sherlock didn’t argue with him made him feel even more powerful.
“No problem, dear.” Mrs Hudson looked away from John and took a pile of papers from her desk. She held out the documents through the window. “Mr Lestrade asked me to hand you these. It’s your contract. You can read and sign it at home and give it back to him when you have your next appointment.”
The Harold Road surgery was situated in a large, old mansion at the end of one of the main roads of the little village. The building was opened in 1920 and has since served as the general practice of Fairlight Cove. John ran the services together with four other colleagues.
For a long moment, they were silent. Mycroft gave his brother time to pull himself together a bit. When he had, Sherlock turned his head to face Mycroft in search of some reassurance.
Second: thank you for all the comments and kudos! I love, love, love to hear from you guys, so please feel free to leave something behind!
After year six, the fifth year students entered the gymnasium. John stood opposite them, waiting for the group to be quiet so he could check the students’ presence. He counted, but he was sure he missed a couple of kids. He counted again but got interrupted by a girl who raised her hand.
Anderson turned around quickly and looked at Sally, who gave him a panicky look and shrugged her shoulders. John looked away, awkwardly.
Sherlock desperately thought of something to say. Usually, he was mister punch-line and knew what to say in every possible situation. So how was it that he wasn’t able to form a proper sentence? He kept glancing downward, afraid to look at John directly. If he did, John would certainly know why he was here, and he couldn’t have that. He shifted a little on his feet, unable to shake his nerves. He knew he had to say something. “You weren’t at school today.”
“It’s okay; you are safe. I’m with you,” John whispered. “Try to relax. It’s going to be okay, love. I’m not going anywhere.” John was only vaguely aware of what he just had said. For a brief moment, he wondered if Sherlock had heard it.
John didn’t speak for a long time. A rush of realisation hit him. He knew the answer. Of course, he knew.
John sighed. “Fine, but if you say another word about Sherlock, I will leave. And wipe that grin off your face, please.”
“Well, yes,” John said, unable to suppress his grin. He really shouldn’t be surprised that Sherlock deduced Harry was upstairs. “How do you know?”
Thank you all so much for reading, commenting and supporting - it has been an absolute blast to write this! <3
“I’m fine dear,” Mrs Hudson replied and gave Sherlock a warm smile. “You are in an incredibly good mood lately.”
John smiled a little to himself and wrote down the answer. He continued in silence and finished the crossword. Then, he folded the newspaper and looked from his watch back at Sherlock.
"I'm glad to see you found the decency to come here in person," John said, putting the cups of steaming, hot tea on his desk.
Sherlock didn’t respond right away. His face was still open and relaxed; the corners of his eyes wrinkled step as he gave John a small smile. “Good morning, John.”
Lestrade was about to say something when Sherlock stormed out of the house. He walked past Lestrade, didn’t wait for John and walked to the street to hail a cab.
“Oh John, you should join us!” Molly spoke enthusiastically. “We are going to grab something to eat and drink a few beers in a pub nearby.”
That wasn’t the reaction John was hoping to get. “Don’t act so surprised,” he defended. “You know I’m…”
“I understand why you don’t tell people. Parents not only prefer someone who isn’t an addict, but they also prefer someone who doesn’t have psychological issues. Believe me, I know.”
When the weather forecast told bad weather was coming, I knew I wouldn’t allow myself to catch any sleep. Now, I’m sitting at the kitchen table in the middle of the night, watching the lightning illuminate the otherwise pitch-black kitchen. Thunder rolls above London and the sound of rain clattering against the window is soothing.
Sherlock didn’t answer immediately. Instead, he looked down at his hands and started fumbling nervously. “I’m doing okay,” he finally answered.
A couple of hours later, John arrived at Bartholomew’s State School. He had read up on the school a little bit. It wasn’t a big primary school, and it wasn’t one of the top state schools in London. They weren’t specialised in a specific kind of education and didn’t provide much extra curriculum activities. They didn’t stand out against other schools. Just an ordinary state school, nothing more, nothing less. If John weren’t in desperate need of a job, he wouldn’t even consider applying here. But then again, he was desperate.
John let them have a glance into Sherlock’s room and gave him a moment to accommodate. Lestrade just stood there and said nothing, his face severe and tight. John knew it was hard for him to see one of his friends like this, especially after what they had been through together. Lestrade knew Sherlock long before John did, and although John didn’t know the details, he knew Lestrade had always been there for him.
John had decided to answer the text from last night, which resulted in a frustrating back-and-forth to get to an agreement. Eventually, he had proposed to meet up this afternoon so he could discuss everything face-to-face instead of over the phone. By the time he had settled on a time and place, he was pacing across the room, feeling agitated.
John let out a small sigh. “good, that’s good. We don’t want another relapse.” He returned his attention to Sherlock. His chest was still heaving, but apart from that, he looked a lot calmer. His head snapped at John, and the look in his eyes told John he was about to pick a fight with him. John knew it was best to walk away now.
John stood up and quietly followed Mycroft, trough the building. He suddenly realized that he had developed a new sense of respect for the man. Even though the relationship with Sherlock might have been disturbed, it had become clear how much Mycroft cared for his brother. The fact that he had simply accepted that John had the final say regarding Sherlock's health was perhaps the best example of this.
John looked through the window. Sherlock was facing him, his eyes closed. This was the first time that John could take a good look at his face. He had become thin, dark circles under his eyes. His left orbital rim was stitched up, showing an impressive dark blue and purple bruise. His face was hard, tense. He was shivering and small drops of sweat formed on his forehead where his black curls got stuck.
"No," John replied and shook his head. "You don't owe me anything. If you want to give me one, you can. But don't tell me out of obligation. Like I said earlier if you want to talk, I will listen. But you don't need to tell me anything."
John woke up with a long arm wrapped around his chest and a head full of curls on his shoulder, and he couldn’t suppress a smile. It was the best possible feeling in the world. He knew he had to get up soon, or at least shift away before Sherlock would wake up and noticed their new sleeping arrangement, but he allowed himself to lay in Sherlock's arms for a moment longer. The heavy weight of his arm felt comfortable, and the familiar smell of Sherlock’s expensive shampoo was soothing. God, he had missed that smell.
Joh ran his hands across his face. He suddenly had no idea how to handle all of this, and he knew this was just the beginning. The hardest part might even have to come.
But Mycroft didn’t move. He was hesitating. John realised this brought back memories for Mycroft, ones he clearly had tried to push away profoundly. And now, he was fighting them. “Do you want me to go in first?” John asked carefully.
John waited for a response but didn't get any. "You heard mister Holmes. If he's stable, continue the surgery as initially planned."
“Moriarty was going to kill Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and you. He had a sniper directed on you, and he would pull the trigger If they didn’t see that you were convinced of my death. That’s why I couldn’t tell you. It had to be real for you.”
“Git,” John answered fondly and opened the menu. He looked at it for a minute. “You sure you don’t want anything?”
“So, tell me,” I start, trying to buy some time before he begins about Sherlock. “Who was it this time? Dimmock? Anderson?”
Sherlock let out a frustrated huff. “What is there to understand, John? Don’t tell me you’re an addict too. It would be the joke of the year.”
For a brief moment, John wondered if he hadn’t heard anything if he didn’t notice the glares. But when he glanced over at Sherlock, he saw him close his eyes briefly and swallow before entering Lestrade’s office, and John’s heart sank. Not only had he heard, but it also hurt him.
The man glared at John, but he ignored it. They looked at each other for a moment before John’s phone buzzed. John briefly hesitated before he reached in his pocket; a wave of guilt ran through him as he realized he had forgotten to text Sherlock he would be late. He eyed at the screen.
Sherlock went silent. John wasn’t coming back to work yet, which meant something was wrong. He wouldn’t call in sick if it weren’t absolutely necessary. John loved his job too much for that.
They were silent during the ride. Sherlock couldn’t help it but to look outside the window and stare at the buildings and people. He was back in London, the city he knew from the inside out. And for the first time, he felt grateful to be back.
He simply nods, takes a sip from his beer and takes a moment to overlook the crowd. It allows me to take a good look at him before my eyes fall on an old tie pin.
John changed his tone. “Okay. If you think that’s best. You can decide for him if he is no longer capable of doing himself.”
The only thing that bothered him during the weekend was the fact that he hadn’t heard from Sherlock at all. He had sent Sherlock a text Saturday morning to say he had enjoyed the previous evening at the bar, but he never got an answer. At first, it didn’t bother him that much; it had become pretty late, so maybe he was still asleep. But on Sunday he couldn’t help himself but feel a little disappointed. He had a great time that Friday night, and he thought Sherlock had enjoyed himself as well, despite the talk they had in the back alley of the bar. He was even sure Sherlock had tried to flirt with him and that he had picked up on John flirting with him as well. So why didn’t Sherlock text him back?
When he neared the classroom where he had met Sherlock the day before, John saw him standing against the wall with two mugs in one of his hands. Sherlock looked at his watch and smiled a little. “I appreciate you being on time. Most of our colleagues seem to be able to teach their students to watch the clock, but seem to have difficulty with it themselves.”
The gesture on its own was so small, but it made all the difference in the world to Sherlock. He let out a breath and felt his body relax a little. The fact that John would be there with him no matter what was all he needed. He didn’t hesitate anymore, grabbed John’s hand and squeezed it softly.
John sighed. “Yeah, you’re probably right. I just wish I could help him more. Take some of the pain he’s experiencing away to deal with it myself, so he doesn’t have to. ”
John was taken aback for a moment. How did Sherlock know that? Had Mycroft told him? But John realised soon enough that this was Sherlock Holmes, the man who could deduce a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb. Of course, he knew. He shrugged. "I can help you settle and help you for a couple of weeks. And Mycroft can help as well, if necessary."
“I didn’t,” John answered coldly and saw Sherlock flinch at the words. “But I’m willing to try one more time. I think you owe me an explanation. But I’m warning you, Sherlock; I think I’m still able to tell whether or not you tell me the truth. If you don’t, I’ll walk out of here, and that’s it.”
When Sherlock and John arrived at the crime scene, Sherlock still hadn’t spoken a word. He walked straight inside and ignored John completely. John walked after him but stayed behind. He was reluctant to go inside, knowing he would only stand in the way when Sherlock was like this. He spotted Lestrade and Donovan and decided it would be best to check what they had found instead of going inside.
Mycroft saw the hesitation in John’s face and continued. “I could order someone to bring you some clothes. I expect they have a shower somewhere here and there is a cafeteria downstairs.”
Sherlock just glared at Lestrade. After a second, he looked over at John.  “Let’s go home, John. We’ve got some files to check.”
From his medical perspective, John knew that was the right call. But it didn’t keep him from feeling helpless.
John shot him a small smile and stood up from the couch. “Have a seat then.” He walked towards the kitchen and opened the fridge. “What do you want? A beer?”
John didn’t listen. From across the crowd of kids, he checked to see if his own class was okay. He was glad to see that Sherlock had everything under control. At that moment, Sherlock into the direction of Sarah, Lestrade, and John. Of course, he noticed something was going on immediately. His eyes shot up to the second floor for a second, and John saw the realisation hitting his face. For a brief moment, their eyes met. It was the look of utter worry in Sherlock’s eyes that pushed John over the edge.
I had to cut off every form of communication with the government before they would intercept my messages. I knew if I didn’t, they would harm the people I cared about. That’s why I went off the radar completely within the first month.” His voice was entirely even now. He wanted to explain this because he knew John probably had requested updates from Mycroft about his status. He needed John to realise it wasn’t a choice to go down on his own, but something he had to do.
Oh, can you believe it? They're finally here! It took me some days to write this chapter and I can't wait to hear what you guys think!
John sped up his pace and looked for the right direction on his phone while he was walking. It took him less than five minutes to walk to the address Sherlock had given him. He walked up the doorstep and wanted to send a message to Sherlock that he was waiting for him outside, but the door already swung open. Sherlock greeted him with a shy smile and walked out of the apartment. His eyes were glistening with excitement, and John could see he was eager to start the new school year.
“Oh please, stop with the pity party, would you?” Sherlock snapped, but he didn’t sound convincing. Something in his voice cracked, and Mycroft knew he had Sherlock right where he wanted him to be.
Suddenly, Everything went fast. From the moment John decided to come along, Mycroft was in control mode. He had cancelled John's appointments in no time and arranged a helicopter to bring them to London. A driver was already waiting for them to take John home so he could pack some things. John went through his house like a chicken with his head off and quickly gathered some stuff. After a couple of minutes of running around, John sat back into the car which drove off to Brighton City Airport. They didn’t speak during the ride.
After a long moment, Mycroft tried to regain his composure and cleared his throat. “I don’t expect that there will be a funeral.”
Lestrade held up the two photos Sherlock had stolen from the crime scenes and Sherlock knew he was in trouble.
Sherlock glanced sideways again and let his gaze slide down to the quick swipe of John’s thumbs. Suddenly, he realized he had seen this particular scene before over the last few days. He had caught John texting multiple times, almost always caught up in some heated discussion. On occasion, Sherlock had wanted to ask who John was talking to. But every time he almost did, he averted.
John looked around again and smiled a little. He walked towards the middle and sat down between the books and papers. “It’s okay. I just didn’t think you’d like to work like this.”
John froze mid-movement and felt a slight blush creep up his cheeks. He felt a little embarrassed. He was perfectly aware of the side-effects of EMDR. He was a doctor! "Sorry," he mumbled and slid back in his chair.
“You feel sorry for me. Don’t.” Sherlock threw his cigarette on the floor and stepped on it with force.
“And you have been looking better yourself, brother mine,” Mycroft commented while he sat down in the chair next Sherlock’s bed.
I don’t hear John entering a few hours later. Only when I smell his aftershave as he leans over me, I notice he’s back.
“I’ll come back in a couple of hours, okay? Try to rest,” he simply said while he tried to keep his tone as composed as possible. Sherlock was about to comment, but John turned towards the nurse. “If there’s something wrong, just call me. I’ll be around.”
Doctor Wilson started to write some things down. “Pharmaceutical GHB it is. Now the last thing I wanted to discuss is his mental state. I like to suggest talking to a psychiatrist and to start with EMDR treatment as soon as possible if we want to treat his PTSD.”
“Dr. Watson,’ Holly started, “there is still one patient left. The man from this morning didn’t want to leave. I’m sorry,” she added, hearing John sigh.
“Ah uhm… yes,” John stammered. He was surprised to see that someone was sitting behind the reception desk. “I have an appointment for a job interview?”
Once he arrived at the door of the principal’s office, John took a brief moment to prepare himself. He checked the collar of his shirt, stood up straight, braced himself and knocked on the door. He heard a “come in” on the other side and entered.
Woohoo, three chapters in one day! But then again, I had some catching up to do. Make sure you don't miss out on the previous two chapters (Swimming and Salt). <3
The note Mycroft told him about this afternoon laid on the side table next to him, visibly damaged. John wasn’t sure he wanted to read it. He hardly couldn’t bring himself to it. He felt numb; his head was too full. No new information could be added. He was too tired to think. Yet he knew there was no escaping it. His curiosity would eventually beat the resistance.
Time flew by. In no time they had made an overview which they could use as a basis and had agreed on a class layout to try in the first period. John had proposed a system that he knew from his education where students and teachers could indicate how things went at school that day, something that had impressed Sherlock.
“Yes,” John spoke to attract the attention back to himself. “As I was telling, the students are really invested in the project. That’s because I let them decide what they want to do. I didn’t divide the tasks, they did. I don’t come up with the subjects, they do. This way, they really get the feeling it’s their own project instead of something I told them to do.” John heard Sherlock huff. He looked at him briefly and raised his eyebrow, but when Sherlock didn’t speak up, he continued. “Of course, this project takes a lot of time. But I tried to combine other subjects with this project. For instance, I changed the assignment they have to do for their typing course, so they have time to write up some of their articles.  And a big bonus is the fact they have the chance to develop their social-, organisational-, and planning skills with this project.”
John also started to feel nervous. He was sure that no one in his right mind would ignore Mycroft's request, not if it were absolutely necessary. He began tapping his fingers against the armrest.
He also knew he wanted to be there with every minor victory Sherlock had. Usually, he would go somewhere when Sherlock had his therapy sessions. The café across the street was the place where he tried to kill  time during the wait, just like he did yesterday. He didn’t want to hover in the hospital during the sessions but did want to provide any comfort afterwards if Sherlock needed any, so the café was the best place to be.
The case concluded in a rather spectacular chase through an abandoned warehouse. Deciding to go separate ways, Sherlock ran off to collect the evidence we needed, and I ran after the forger. It only took me three minutes to catch him and am handing him over to Lestrade when suddenly the power shuts off, shrouding everything in darkness. Everyone immediately grabs their phones to put on their flashlights, but that’s not what comes to my mind. I shoot Greg a worried look, hoping that he will understand.
You really should listen to this beautiful version of Viva la Vida by the PS22 choir, which was the inspiration for this chapter. It's absolutely stunning and as a music teacher, this fills my heart with such joy!
John pulled back for a moment, taking in the man opposite him. He took a deep breath and continued. “Did I ever tell you that you were the one who saved me? When I met you, I mean. You were the main reason I recovered after Afghanistan. Ella did a great job, but it was you who helped the most. Please, let me do the same for you.”
He sat in his usual spot at the table just behind the counter, with his back against it. Usually, he would sit on the other side of the table so he could overlook the café, but this time he didn’t. This time, he didn’t want to be seen, didn’t want to be found by anyone, and especially not by his flatmate. He knew it would only be a matter of time before Mrs. Hudson would betray him and tell John where to find him, but the longer he had, the better.
“I believe in co-operative teaching, and I am a perfectionist who makes his lessons as often as possible. Would that bother you? Potential partners should know the worst about each other.” The man gave John a fake smile.
John couldn’t help but notice that all the questions focused on the aftercare of the splenectomy and the bronchoscopy. He wondered if she was deliberately avoiding questions about how Sherlock was coping with the withdrawal. And if so, why?
John swallowed, a rush of nerves ran through his own body. He suddenly had an idea of what was coming. He knew what Sherlock was going on about. The letter. How was he supposed to react? He couldn’t say he knew because than Sherlock would know he kept it from him. But he also couldn’t act surprised. The only right response was to come clean about his own feelings. “Of course,” he managed to say, his voice a lot more strained than before.
John heard the slight disappointment in Sherlock’s voice. He walked to his briefcase and took out a lunch bag. He walked back and sat down on the floor again. When Sherlock looked at him, he shrugged. “I’m good. Meant to ask you something anyway,” he said and took a bite of one of his sandwiches.
“All right then,” he called after he noted the absentees. “Let’s start with a brief warming-up. After that, we are going to divide the class into different teams which will compete in an old-fashioned game of basketball.”
“Well,” John started, suddenly feeling a little unsure about this whole plan. “There are two people who’d like to see you if you are up for it.”
When he stood in front of the hotel, John didn’t enter. Instead, he started walking, his thoughts blank. There was too much information, too much to process. He knew he would go crazy if he had to be alone this evening.
After another knock on the door, Sherlock got up and opened it with a swing, already opening his mouth to do some yelling. But when he got sight of John actually standing there, his voice was nowhere to be found. All he could do was stare. The view of John Watson standing there, looking incredibly hot with his slightly tousled hair and his stormy blue eyes, was enough to stop his tracks.
