Today, he met John Watson. And Sherlock isn’t quite sure how he should feel about that.
He takes the cobblestone walkway to the door, past a van from a home improvement company, its back doors wide open and spilling assorted construction materials. He rings the doorbell, noticing the front door is ajar. He’s about to push the door open when an elderly lady wearing an apron over a floral dress appears in a cloud of spicy perfume and something vaguely related to baking. Behind her, there’s the hustle and bustle of what seems to be some renovation or redecoration work.
“I’m. Not. Going. There’s no justification on why I should repeat that horrendous examination. Was the first one not humiliating enough?” Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock all but runs into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
“Care to come closer and give us your opinion, John?” Sherlock’s deep voice startles him.
Mycroft mirrors John’s movements, straightening himself and taking a step away. “Quite so. I will make sure we keep you around.” He hesitates before adding, “If you do feel the need for…discussing further matters…or a distraction. You know where to find me.” Mycroft turns to walk into his rooms.
There are pairs of chairs everywhere in this house.
“What I mean is,” she interrupts, “he needs you. And John…you need him too.”
“Um. Hi. John, isn’t it?” Molly seems a bit wary to invade his privacy as she wavers at the threshold. John abandons his duffel bag, from which he had been pulling out books and random papers, stuffing them haphazardly into a drawer, and opens the door further, inviting her in.
Mycroft ignores Sherlock’s response, seeing it for what it is: a defence mechanism, a way to shield himself and avoid outwardly demonstrations of emotion. “I have two proposals to lay on the table, and you will take one of them. In fact, you have been graciously granted the privilege to choose what will become of you. I, of course, have a personal preference, but—”
“I have calculated with a 99% confidence interval that I am in love with you,” Sherlock’s voice is muffled against John’s neck, “and with 96% that you are in love with me.”
and all that rubbish.
“Well, that’s part of it, yes,” John replies cautiously, “but the amount of love, or how deep it is can’t really be quantified like that.”
“Hurry up, John!”
bit. Well. What’s done is done.
John lost his patience. To hell with this commission, what kind of client was this woman anyway? “You contacted DSMT and asked for a product demo!” he shouted in anger.
? Preposterous.
“Alright, so, why are we here?”
“He was heartbroken when you chose Mary. Did you know he called me during your wedding’s reception, asking me to come and join the party?”
“John, please,
“Yeah, you know, High Wycombe–”
Greg chuckles. “Just throw in some cake, and he’ll be there.”
“You hate me,” John says.
Every word dropped from John’s mouth cuts through his chest and out on the stillness of the room. Sherlock is still looking quizzically at him. “Did I do or say something untoward, John?”
They find their way through a broad corridor to Sherlock’s dressing room, which is covered in flower bouquets and wreaths of all sorts and styles. John fishes out a hand-held metal detector from seemingly thin air and starts scanning everything. Sally hangs the clothes covers on a rack and leaves the room, disappearing into the noise of the club. Irene stands outside the door, watchful of her surroundings. The rest of the entourage disperses; Sherlock sits down at a dressing table and starts arranging his curls into place, ignoring the rest of them. Satisfied with the innocence of the floral arrangements, John casts a glance at Sherlock and leaves the room.
“I do not understand why this troubles you so much.”
Greg rubs the back of his neck. “Er. He doesn’t know about those.” At John’s incredulous look, Greg rushes to explain, “I mentioned before we can’t afford the distraction now. He knows there’re threats, I mean, he knows enough to have accepted my suggestion of bringing you on the security team. But since everything goes through Mycroft and Victor, it’s been…
Sherlock and John give an account of the proceedings; as soon as they’re done, Molly throws a ‘I’ll get the car’ without even being prompted and runs off, Bill goes in the house with a ‘I’ll get my gun,’ and Mycroft blanches and freezes on the spot.
“What the hell!” He’s choleric as John has rarely seen him, pacing the room to spend pent-up energy. “Is this some sort of twisted joke? Why on earth do I have to go through this torture again?”
John musters courage to speak as Moriarty fits a headset over his ear. “You will not get away with this. I might die here tonight, but you? You better run.”
The following day, Sherlock is a nervous wreck. He spends the day huffing around the house, desperately trying to think of chores that will not require him booting up his laptop. When the shadows start getting longer, he distracts himself with watering his backyard, but this is a short-term relief. He’s too wired up to gain any appetite for an early dinner. Finally, he gives up, starts the computer, and opens his e-mail.
But just somewhat.
But with each step, the distance fills with cold silence.
, who prompted:
John watches disbelief briefly cross Sherlock’s face.
The visceral panic possessing Sherlock as he typed ‘
Sherlock looked back and forth between John and Molly and the objects in their hands. And the quite spectacular array of colourful
.” He turned and strolled towards the door, still clutching his new rubbery friend in his right hand. “
what made me interested; why would he have come to the party–”
“No.” John opens his eyes and shakes his head. “No, Sherlock. I’m done here.” Irene seems to be taking in the room and slides her confused gaze from the broken lamp on the floor to John’s weary expression. “Someone attacked Sherlock while we were away,” he explains, and realisation dawns on her face. “You were lured out but I…I had no excuse. I stormed off.” He forces himself to meet Sherlock’s eyes, pale and worried and so crystal clear. “You were almost killed because I– I failed. I failed you. In every way I could’ve failed you.” Sherlock is shaking his head but John doesn’t let him interrupt, not now when he found a scrap of courage to take the right decision. “I quit. You’ll be in good hands with Miss Adler.”
Forgiveness is not a moment. It’s a process.
Taken aback, Sherlock stammers, “There is nothing for you to apologise about, Mycroft. What– what may have transpired between the both of you is none of my business.” And if his heart gives a dark thump of jealousy in his chest, Sherlock is sure to ignore it.
That is more of an answer than Sherlock is expecting, and damn it if it doesn’t cause another sort of pain on his chest. “You are invaluable to me, John. But,” he continues carefully, “aren’t you worried about your child? And Mary?”
Molly looks over her shoulder and gives him a sad smile. “Flowers.”
And the next thing John remembers is Lestrade striding into the cell with an unnecessarily loud “Wakey, wakey!”
Instead, John is rewarded with a soft, genuine smile as Sherlock relaxes in visible relief and asks tentatively, “Tonight?”
Sherlock’s own flat is an extension perched at the back of the main building, two-storeys high. The ground floor is accessible from both inside the house (near the studio where he spent most of his day today) and outside (towards the patio) but hosts little more than a hallway and some storage, mostly outfits and other personal effects. To the casual passerby, this would look little more than a wardrobe. The first floor hosts the flat proper, with a large living-room where Sherlock stands now, a small kitchen and his bedroom and en-suite. There is also a door accessing the main house on this floor, leading to the rooms where his closer staff lives.
Because Sherlock, winner of several World Barista Championships, genius creator of sublime signature beverages, is also a bit of an arse.
unlike the absolute berk spouting nonsense in the middle of the room; and John Watson, interrupting occasionally to ask for a clarification or just beaming like an absolute idiot at Sherlock and murmuring his usual ‘fantastic’ or ‘that’s amazing’ endearments.
The moment stretches long between Sherlock’s initial shock and John breaking the silence.
“Wh–why did you stop? John?”
John.
When Sherlock appears in the library, he looks so defeated Mycroft has to fight an impulse to get up from his armchair and hug him. Sherlock has changed into pyjamas and a dressing gown and managed to clean the blood from his face. Mycroft attempts to look relaxed in front of the cosy crackling fireplace and nods to the second glass of whisky. “A small nightcap, brother mine?”
, but somehow there always seems to be
Sherlock darkens the doorway to John’s bedroom. John glances at his alarm clock – 5:37 a.m., the dawn just starting to push through his curtains and the now open door. John turns on his bedside-table lamp and looks up at Sherlock with an inquisitive noise, but any questions die on his tongue as he takes in Sherlock’s haggard looks.
. “I enjoyed spending time with you too, Sherlock.” John’s voice is low, reverent, honest. “I always enjoy spending time with you. On a crime scene, at a restaurant, in front of our hearth, on amusement parks. It doesn’t matter where, I… I truly enjoy being with you.”
This time, he will be brave.
The fear John feels for Sherlock is downright crippling.
The afternoon turns into a early winter evening.
“Molly.”
John takes a lungful of fresh air to wake up completely as he makes the rounds to check on the weak spots that still exist around the property – a few overgrown trees here, too many bushes there. Where others see shrubbery, John sees hiding spots for invisible enemies.
fault?”
Originally posted on
John slides down from his chair to his knees and cautiously lays hands on Sherlock’s thighs. He feels the muscles flex and tremble ever so slightly, and Sherlock’s fingers go to his shoulders, caress his neck, cup his jaw, comb his hair. He tilts his head down and John meets him halfway. Tender, soft lips press together; they exchange small sighs, shuddered breaths, hushed whimpers.
It’s not like there’s a debt to be paid over or a favour to return but somehow John feels bad about letting Greg down.
“That’s very kind of you, but I don’t want to impose. Look, I need to put the little pest to sleep; can I call you in an hour or so? To discuss practicalities.”
Originally posted on
“You’re being blackmailed,” John states.
To his credit, Mycroft looks slightly ashamed. “I was only trying to protect him.”
Originally posted on
His hand is still on John’s jaw.
Indeed, a
“There’s a study about how riding a rollercoaster can help moving a stone.” Sherlock’s other eyebrow shoots up, but John is not deterred. “There’s also a study suggesting frequent, huh, intercourse might help. Get things moving.” He feels himself getting red as a beet.
ANSWER ME NOW OR I SWEAR TO GOD!!!
“No. Nice try, though.”
Sherlock nods absentmindedly, his gaze unfocused.
The drive from East Dulwich is fraught with charged silence. Sherlock is giving John the silent treatment, Irene’s distaste for his presence is nearly palpable, and John’s head is spinning with worst-case scenarios and past wrongs. His stomach is in knots as the entire situation seems to be seeping between his fingers like beach sand.
John lifts his chin and stares back with fondness and determination at the most important person in his life.
Trust John Watson to be the only person capable of simultaneously confusing and enlightening Sherlock. “What exactly— is your point?” The question is laid with pauses and carefully placed words.
Slowly, steadily, they had found a new balance and become once again an item, their lives weaving into each other, a fabric of love, respect, equilibrium, tenderness. And if Sherlock never imagined he'd become a parent, it's undeniable the little girl loves him as one.
Mr Hardy’s delicate hands drape a lapel just so over Sherlock’s breast. He hems the trousers to the perfect length over Sherlock’s long, elegant legs. He tapers the jacket to hug Sherlock’s slender figure.
, and
When was the last time Sherlock had made John smile?
Sherlock is not expecting answers. He lashes out at John because it’s his only possible reaction to this invasion. He flails himself open, his chest emotionally scarred, a brotherhood of blood with the healed physical scars on his back. He is sure this will be the point where John will get up and leave, out into the rainstorm, or shout back, or anything equally violent and emotional, and
“Then, let me make this short and clear.” She leans back, assumes a position of power. The chair should swallow her small frame, but she sits now larger than life, a glimmer of triumph on her gaze. “You can’t have him all for yourself. I love him, and I will not give him up. One can’t always take what they want.
The resolution he injects in this confession — and
Watson.”
Greg looks half bewildered, half shocked at her. “Whatever else could they be doing?”
Mycroft expects Sherlock to clam up and avoid the subject altogether in his usual haughty fashion. However, Sherlock instead does something he hasn’t done for a long time with Mycroft: he opens up. He lowers his eyes to the fluffy carpet that runs the length of the library, opens and closes his mouth in a few false starts to a conversation and finally lets go: “He’s not my Dr Watson any longer.” His voice is small and tired, and it breaks Mycroft’s otherwise well-sealed heart.
“Sherlock?”
inspired me to write this. (This is not an attempt to follow up
Sherlock’s hands flutter aimlessly for a moment, unsure where to land them; eventually, they settle on John’s shoulders, thumbs brushing the edge of John’s collarbones. John makes a throaty sound as Sherlock slowly encircles his torso with long, warm arms, locking the two of them in a tight embrace. The seconds drip away in the silent room as they tentatively explore each other’s bodies with slow, roaming hands, a gentle heat blooming between them. There are only the sounds of the windy night and kissing filling the room, but Sherlock’s heart beats so loudly in his chest it might as well drown out every other noise.
, John!”
John looks up from his book in confusion. Sherlock is a whirlwind of scarf and Belstaff and reaching for John to lift him from his armchair. “Uh, is there a case?”
“Af…ghanistan. Sorry, how did you know-?”
“Shut up, both of you!” Sherlock shouts, “I need to think.” He jumps up and starts pacing the floor. “Mycroft fed him information thinking this was some pervert wanting some wanking material. Oh, don’t look at me like that, it’s obvious – the colour of my pants, really?” He rolls his eyes. “It is irrelevant, as such pseudo-stalkers are a dime a dozen, and if even Victor tosses off on that pretentious showroom bed, why would other people not do so in the privacy of their homes?”
. So, I am going to show him, with this gesture, that I am committed. Fully, wholly. Permanently.'
That’s when he hears the hiss of the balcony door opening in the living-room. Strange, as he had not heard John coming back – he’s not exactly discreet with all his stomping when he’s angry. Perhaps Irene’s come to babysit Sherlock. He sighs, weary and fed-up with the security circus around his life as he stuffs last evening’s shirt in a laundry bag.
Sherlock clears his throat. ‘Can I get you anything? Tea? Something stronger?’ John shakes his head so minutely it would be easy to miss, still staring out to nothingness.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & John Watson; Angst (with a hopeful ending)
The drive to Sherlock’s house takes a little over half hour, the cityscape shifting from the gentrified Stratford around Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park through the urban sleekness of Canary Wharf, over the Thames, and finally into the quiet neighbourhood of East Dulwich. Rows of pretty townhouses give way to hip shops and green parks. John glances at his sat nav again: this is not a usual route for him, and if he could avoid driving, he would, but the Tube doesn’t run down here, and it would have taken him twice as long with all the transfers anyway. And so, John sits behind the wheel of his silver Audi A4, trying to find the address of Sherlock Holmes.
It’s been four days since the Watsons arrived and nothing is the same and everything is business as usual. John and Sherlock exist; days are planned around Rosie’s needs for activity in the mornings, naps in the afternoons, early dinners and bedtime routines. Sherlock is fine with this.
John swerves his head, unable to contain a surprised ‘
Irene nods stiffly in John’s general direction.
Sherlock looks behind him through the rear window for a moment, then sits straight again. “We’re being followed,” he says. “The Land Rover.”
“The road.”
. He hates to admit it, but his treatment at the hands of his captors in Serbia have left their marks, physical and (damn it all) emotional. Nightmares populate his head, a miscellanea of what happened in Serbia and on the rooftop of Barts and the pool and Moriarty. John’s blood in his hands. Those are the worst ones.
. One can have cake any day. Why attribute a surplus of importance to certain days?
He’s sure it’s pure suicide – they’re on the top floor – so instead of chasing the intruder, John focuses on the man gasping on the floor.
, exactly? Her pressing down on his bruised knuckles? The pain that shoots up his arm? The cold examination table, a flimsy cover rasping against his blood-splattered jeans?
John flashed her a sunny smile. “That’s me!”
“Oh? And what then?” John is filled with sadness. So much to win, so much to lose. “Is this when we lay the cards on the table and find out we are playing different games?”
and their constant
“She’s…escaped…”
“I’m fine, Sherlock. I told you, it was just a graze.”
“Except for the candy floss incident,” John chides without heat.
They sit close to each other on the dove-grey sofa, a pair of steaming tea cups on the coffee table. Sherlock fiddles with the petals of a moth orchid –
“John.”
“That I’m walking away now.” John shakes his head to prove his point. “It’s not happening. I’m all in. I’ll be here in whatever capacity I’m allowed to.”
“That I expect a different answer this time around, John.” Mycroft holds John’s gaze steady, his initial disquiet tucked away behind his usual cold façade. “You left Mary, moved back to 221B—”
Said PC is being scowled at by a visibly aggravated Sherlock Holmes, as the screen plots a mess of peaks on a chromatogram.
What could possibly be in John’s letter that had not been said already? Its contents will neither erase the past nor will they change the future. The days stretch ahead, long and locked in Sherlock’s new routines. One after the other will pass, as his hair turns grey and his wrinkles deepen, as he harvests honey from his beehives, plants another cabbage, answers another e-mail. He experiments with new applications for beeswax, indexes local wildflowers, analyses the soil. It’s enough. Isn’t it?
“I wish to initiate an intimate romantic relationship with you.”
John hides his face in his hands and breathes ragged breaths, trying to calm himself down.
Beside him, Sherlock stirs awake, sniffling with closed eyes. John turns his head to look at him: a stray ray of sunshine highlights notes of auburn and chestnut in Sherlock’s curls and spills onto a cheekbone. Sherlock wiggles under the duvet, wafts of trapped heat billowing out, such a stark contrast to the apparent coolness of his pale skin. John knows better now that the aloofness is just an armour, that his cool tones hide an improbable radiating warmth. Sherlock cracks one eye open, then the other; John meets his eyes and is rewarded by a soft, genuine smile.
“Christ.” John gulps and takes a shuddering breath, a frown of concentration wrinkling the bridge of his nose. “We never found a bug.”
Sherlock realises he’s been sitting in the same armchair this whole time, the other one unused for so long. To see John in it is… nice.
Sherlock strides back to the sofa and snatches the phone from John’s hand.
Anderson’s sing-song voice cuts through the room: “Sherlock, ready when you are.”
in the posh bedroom, eh?” He is grimly satisfied to see Victor take a dry gulp and lean back on his chair.
John dry-swallows. Warmth rises from underneath his own shirt collar; he’s started  sweating, perspiration pearling on his forehead.
Sherlock reaches up and places a tender kiss on John’s cheek before he can second-guess himself. As John responds with a pleased hum, Sherlock repeats the gesture further up on John’s temple. He leans back to lock eyes on his friend again.
John sighs and speaks louder and closer to the microphone, “Alexander Graham Bell to see Mr Holmes.”
John remains infuriatingly silent, an apple in his hand that he slowly bites and chews.
A glance at his friend tells him it’s going to take a while. John is very still, posture stiff as he stares at some undefined point beyond the windowpanes.
Sherlock turns around in his chair to get a better look at John. “Do we really have to do this again?”
John chews on his lower lip for a moment, and a thought forms. “I have an idea.”
“I tried to walk away before and realised I…I couldn’t. Even if you hadn’t asked me to stay, I don’t think I could’ve just…turned around and walked away.” He turns to face Sherlock. “I can’t bring myself to truly regret the, um. Our, um, intimate moments. What is screwing with my head now is how I can’t find a way to protect you from harm. It seems like it doesn’t matter what I do, you’re always in danger. But this doesn’t mean…”
John goes straight for the kettle. Exhaustion takes hold of Sherlock, a bone-deep fatigue from a night that lasted an eternity. But he settles in his armchair and accepts a fresh brew. He’s too tired to sleep, counterintuitively enough.
John keeps his promise and, to Sherlock’s relief, does not dig into the real reasons for Sherlock’s impulsive contact earlier in the evening. They decide the Watsons will stay a week; they muse about how the weather usually is like in Sussex (‘it’s really not that far away from London, John, not exactly the tropics here’, ‘yeah, but maybe the nights are chillier?’); they chuckle at the ill-thought accommodation solutions (there are none – John will have to bring Rosie’s travel cot, and Sherlock promises to arrange a li-lo for John); they reconsider the length of the stay depending on the quality of the li-lo (and Sherlock has already decided he will take it, and offer John his bed; he tries not to dwell too much on how that sounds like). They talk about inconsequential things, subjects that would have driven the before-Sherlock up the walls with sheer tedium; small things that now fill the aether between London and Sussex and deconstruct the choking atmosphere of the empty house. The small talk gives way to yawns as the night advances; John’s voice lulls Sherlock with comfortable words, eases his mind, distracts him. They bid their farewells and neither comment on the fact they’ve been talking for almost two hours.
how liberating a good shouting match would be right now, a year of pent-up frustration and resentment finally being let out.
The early morning light breaches through the bedroom’s curtains and tints the room with tentative pinks and oranges. John had fallen asleep with an armful of Sherlock, content and relaxed; but John’s slumber is usually light and he had heard the pitter-patter of rain throughout the night. It’s his damned permanent state of vigilance – of needing to watch his own back as well as his client’s.
“How is
Outside, it snows, large, fluffy flakes silently falling to the ground; indoors, the group settles by the large fireplace in the living-room after dinner. Mycroft sits quietly in an armchair, engrossed in his mobile. Molly and Sherlock chat amicably, drinks in their hands, sitting cross-legged on the sofa. Bill and John half-follow their conversation, half-lose themselves in memories they dig out of each other. The time flows slowly, and John finds himself relaxing for the first time in weeks. They are safe here, cocooned in the middle of nowhere, silence and stunning nature as their only neighbours for many miles.
Relevant tags: Mrs Hudson & Greg Lestrade; Implied Sexual Content; Humor
John, who had been staring at his mug for a solid minute as if it contains the answer to life, the universe and everything, lifts his eyes and gazes softly at Sherlock. “Thanks, Sherlock. I am, um.
First, there should be the right pressure of lips on lips. Too light a touch and it might be considered unwelcome; too hard, and it will reek of desperation. Sadly, I am unable to find any scientific publication on the exact newtons per square metre (a.k.a. pascals; I stick to S.I. units, obviously) to apply. This will have to be empirically determined.
Sherlock tightens his bow with enough ferocity to make his brother guess his intentions of incursions into those postmodernist pieces Mycroft isn’t particularly fond of.
In the distance, fireworks whistle and paint the skies over the English Channel with garish colours.
So it’s not for a case. You just want to go out for dinner.
“Hello, Sherlock.”
Sherlock is quite sure he has stopped breathing. The shivering subsides.
As he is about to leave for the Met with the good news to his chief super, Greg witnesses yet another silent conversation; but this time, there is also the slight squeeze of a forearm accompanying a warm smile, a softening of expressions, an exchange of gratitude and affection. Greg hurries down the stairs, wanting to leave the two men to their intimacy and catching a joyful, fleeting thought in his mind:
Well, mostly.
Here, in the evening quiet of his rooms, he can hold a bow rosined to perfection and glide it over four taut strings without thinking about whether or not what comes out of the instrument is the stuff for his next pop hit. And so he does; playing the violin helps him think, and today it’s bits from Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto in D major that help his thoughts flow and float idly through and around him. He needs this today, because today is different.
“Ah-ah, what do we say about coincidences?” The familiar banter rolls off their tongues as if well-rehearsed.
John vacillates at the doorstep but gives in and crosses the room, sitting down with as much dignity as he can muster. He takes a good look at Victor: the man is well-built, athletic, with sandy blond hair and sapphire blue eyes. ‘Handsome’ doesn’t even begin to describe him, and John can see what a striking pair these two would have made.
John throws the bag he was still holding to the floor of the car as it cruises through Marylebone. He sits back with a huff, crosses his arms and glares unblinking at Mycroft. “I’m waiting.”
They walk back downstairs and stop at a door; John recognises it as the one Victor locked earlier on. Victor stands next to the door, looking bored, key in hand. Greg opens the unlocked door and reveals a lavishly-decorated bedroom. John thinks the house decor could not have possibly got more ridiculous until he steps in the room: a large canopy bed dominates the centre of the bedroom, intricate carvings and details in mother-of-pearl covering a golden-painted headboard and footboard, a silky cream fabric draped over canopy and bedposts; an impressive fireplace that looks like it has never been used stands across from the bed, and a couple of armchairs upholstered in the same silky fabric frame the hearth. Some doors lead to what John supposes is an en-suite and walk-in closets. The room has a distinct Victorian flair, and looks, much like the rest of the house, completely uninhabited.
Where did the intimacy of the restaurant disappear?
Yet, the air between them is thick with undeclared feelings, thrumming with the expectation of the first word, the first movement, the first courageous step forward. Something still holds them back, though: fear of loss and misunderstanding twining into one package of misery. They can both see it,
The last few days had been…fine, if not good even under the circumstances. Sherlock had chastised himself for kissing John. A moment of weakness, and John had responded in kind. But the moment had dissipated with the morning light, and the two men now seem to be navigating through some sort of limbo. It’s confusing and distracting, and Sherlock tries to regret it all, and just
Sherlock knows, however, he brought this on himself. Despite his best attempts at convincing the world around him that he is not an addict, he had fallen badly this time. Culverton Smith had been such a bad excuse to hide his real reasons to turn back to the lull of a certain seven percent solution.
A familiar voice barking orders registers itself in the back of his rapidly dissolving awareness, and before he knows it, two strong hands heave him from the floor. When had he dropped to his knees? He lifts his head and meets John’s eyes. There’s panic there, but also fierce determination, and Sherlock can finally breathe. John wraps a protective arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and navigates them through the crowd to an emergency exit. The two doors he’s yanked through barely register in his half-conscious state; he feels as if he was drunk, reality fragmented around him and the world tilting off its axis. He’s unceremoniously thrown into a car – soft leather, recognises the smell,
“Molly–”
hot water with the GMC.
John does not contact him.
“I care very much for him, Mycroft. I’m doing my best here.”
Greg clears his throat again. “Sherlock, this is John Watson. John, Sherlock. We don’t really do titles here, first names are the norm.”
“Weren’t you also studying to be a doctor? I was surprised to see you working as a bodyguard. Would’ve thought you’d be a GP or something.”
The man looks perfectly ordinary. Sherlock had been peripherally aware that an extra bodyguard would show up today, had known he would have to do his usual routine of pointedly ignoring yet another new person (and oh, how he is against new people), excusing himself with the Work. He doesn’t need this baby-sitting, not really; yes, he’s aware there've been some sort of threats, but so what? He can defend himself perfectly well, and Irene keeps an eye on the crowds when he’s out and about, too distracted to notice potential dangers. What had happened to Ms Hooper’s hand had been, of course, unfortunate. Still, Sherlock thinks Greg is overreacting, culminating in this absurd decision to hire yet another bodyguard in the guise of a
The relentless passing of time, each day ticking farther away from the day Sherlock threw himself from the top of Barts?
Sherlock was interrupted by a passionate kiss and a hand trailing down his chest, his abdomen. John lowered his voice and rumbled in his ear, “Later, maybe; I see some very nice sights
calls him.
“Wait. You
Sherlock clears his throat. “It’s been a long time. It’s, erm, nice to see old friends.”
“Can I help with anything? Smells delicious.” John’s voice is small despite the obvious attempt to appear relaxed. As if this was a normal night back at Baker Street, a domestic scene without need for rehearsal, so many times it had been repeated in the past. Despite his nonchalance towards his Transport, Sherlock did cook sometimes, and always got appreciative remarks from John. The memory tilts Sherlock slightly off his axis again, and he wonders not for the first time after John shadowed his doorstep whether he will ever find his way back. Back to what, though? He’s feeling more and more like a spinning top with increasing precession around its rotating axis, and everybody knows what eventually happens to a spinning top when it loses its battle with friction and gravity.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Sherlock hurries to reply.
It’s the
“What is the point of you, then?” The question could have been sardonic but Sherlock sounds genuinely curious.
“Best if you e-mail me.”
His thoughts are interrupted by Sherlock clearing his throat. “So. Is this where you take your dates for dancing?” As he asks this, Sherlock flicks his eyes to the dance floor. It’s a small space, separated from the dining room by heavy drapery tied to one side.
“Ha. I managed to surprise you.” Sherlock jumps onto the path and approaches him. He’s uncharacteristically dressed down in a worn-out jogging attire; John had not seen him in anything but his professional outfits, so the ratty t-shirt, faded out jogger trousers, and dirty trainers look almost out of place. Or it would for the Sherlock-ready-to-do-business, the hard-edged man who jumps on a stage and enchants an audience.
Mycroft’s question is interrupted by the shatter of a windowpane and a splatter of blood from his shoulder.
The living-room is empty, curtains floating with the cool breeze from the open balcony door. He makes a beeline to the bedroom and catches a glimpse of a black-clad figure jumping out of the window.
Ellie observes the tennis match of a banter between the two men. It is light and infused with amusement, neither of them arguing with heat, eyes twinkling with a hint of mischief. In fact, their whole demeanour is so oddly domestic one would be forgiven to believe they were married to each other. They finish each other’s sentences, mirror gestures, huff and scowl and smile and roll their eyes in tandem, and exchange knowing looks, as if words were mostly superfluous. Maybe they are.
looks, one of those long, analytical gazes that usually mean he is processing new information. “I will certainly endeavour to do so, Sally.”
“Good-day, Dr Watson.” Sherlock does not turn around as he crosses the living-room and exits the flat, slamming the door. John realises Sherlock went barefoot, his shoes and socks still strewn around the room.
John grins, an open smile that turns into a genuine laughter.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; Fluff; Domestic Fluff; Johnlock
He looked up from his mobile to see Molly clutching the vibrator and blushing furiously. John squeezed the purple dildo in his hand a little tighter and tried to think about foul-smelling abscesses and infected toe nails to cool off the heat developing in his lower abdomen.
“Didn’t say you were. And I’m staying too.”
His mind is clearer now, which paradoxically is rather unfortunate – he can now fully take in the state of Mycroft. He eyes the rainbow of wiggly lines on the patient monitor, the arterial line, the ugly bandage wrapping his brother’s shoulder. At least Mycroft’s not on a respirator.
. Sherlock had something to look forward, a future shaping up. What kept Sherlock awake last night was the current recognition he does not have a perspective about what his future looks like. It’s a black wall. He can’t imagine a future because he’s not shaping one up; he’s not expecting it to come, just accepting that it will flow past him. That days will succeed one after the other, and that in the meanwhile he will exist. Survive. Living? Until he exists no more, and that will be that. Death is treated as a hypothetical state until it inevitably becomes a fact; in reality, the fact is already here, just waiting for the right time to reveal itself. Dead man walking. He just hopes someone will take care of his bees when that happens.
“How sore are you? Need an ibuprofen or something?” Sherlock’s voice has recovered his smooth baritone but that does not mean that some internal damage hasn’t been done. And how would that affect his beautiful singing voice? John’s heart squeezes in his chest at the thought of Sherlock having to end his career because of this incident.
John looks at her, speechless.
After some not so gentle coaxing for further details, Sherlock had learned from the medical staff that besides bruised ribs, a spectacular black eye, and a sprained wrist, John was physically okay. His rigid posture tells a tale of pain and hurt underneath his tattered jumper. There’s mud on his jeans and scuff marks on his shoes; the wrist is bandaged, the eye not as swollen after hours of careful icing.
“Ah, Miss Adler doesn’t appreciate the finer arts.” The quip from the front armchair brings about laughter.
It is anything but.
“I love you too.”
They abandon their mugs in the living-room. Sherlock follows John upstairs again but the lead in his legs is gone. They lie down in John’s bed and sleep, entwined in an embrace as strong as a covalent bond.
“How dare you! You have no proof!”
But if John is honest with himself…it’s John who is behaving like the jealous ex-lover and about to make a scene, and for what? The only thing that will happen is that he will ruin the evening for everybody, especially for Sherlock, and see him slip further away from his trust.
John takes it all in stride and tries to remain focused on the one goal of his job: to protect Sherlock. He ignores how Victor shadows Sherlock’s every move whenever Sherlock is in a strop, how Victor whispers conspiratorially in Sherlock’s ear while glancing contemptuously at John.
The client –
“Hi, John! Hope I’m not intruding.” Ellie flashes him a sincere, toothy grin and steps in. John closes the door on the cold grey afternoon outside.
“God, yes.” An exhale of relief.
The sudden change of subject dizzies John. “I’m. I’m here to protect your life, not help you shop.”
John is relieved someone cares about an intruder on the grounds. But it’s too close to the house – too close. “By Mr Greg Lestrade. Miss…”
Ever since Sherlock returned from the dead, everybody seems to be even more acquiescent of his madness. It did not take long for Lestrade to invite him to crime scenes, as the one they are standing around now, or even to abandon an operation because His Royal Freakiness texted him about some crap, as when they were about to arrest the Waters family. Like a
“I’ve told you—”
Another dingy hotel room. At least, he’ll sleep on a bed tonight.
– but instead he just threw the doors wide open.
“Nice place.”
Both John and James know what it is like to face death, to smell it and hear it and taste it. And they know that the brief feeling of immortality after being on the brink of destruction comes with a heavy price.
John sets his mug on the table and rises from his own chair, alarmed but willing himself to stay calm. He switches to crisis mode, with a single-minded focus on the problem at hand, to provide reassurance, assistance, protection, relief. “Tell me.”
Two thoughts flash through his mind:
Greg frowns lightly but accepts the offer and follows her into her flat’s tiny kitchen. Mrs Hudson takes her time putting the kettle on, making Greg stretch to a top shelf and reach her fine porcelain cups (‘only the best for special guests’, she quips), fiddling with the biscuit tin, searching for a particular blend of tea, preparing a pot that finds its way to the table. Greg makes himself comfortable at her small table, talking about this and that, stirring milk and sugar into his steaming hot cup of tea, grabbing a custard cream.
“Molly is dating Anderson.
Mycroft touches his arm carefully, but Sherlock still flinches. “Would you care for a brandy?” He gets a jerky nod in return; Sherlock follows his older brother into the library.
“John... Stay. Please.”
Molly reappears, panting with the effort from running. “The car’s not working,” she gasps, “tyres slashed and the ignition’s dead.” And before anyone can ask, “Bill’s too.”
“I failed, Molly,” John replies, trying to not let his voice break. “I let my guard down. The one thing I should never do.” He exhales a weary sigh. “I’m not good for him.”
John turns to face him, and repeats the silent question with clear blue eyes.
“I know. I only have myself to blame.”
John looks between the three of them and the computer for a moment before he decides to hit the play button. A distorted voice sing-songs:
Mycroft decides he will need a whisky. They both will.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
down on his groin, and Sherlock makes an inhuman effort to not howl in pleasure. John gently removes Sherlock’s hands from his arse, manoeuvres them to pin Sherlock’s wrists above his head on the soft mattress, and rubs deliberately again and again against Sherlock’s rapidly filling hardness.
, John thinks, then chastises himself for such thoughts.
Sherlock startles and glares. “I’m
Unfortunately, while the pain had relented somewhat, the evening of the CT scan debacle sees Sherlock taking a turn for the worse. He’s in so much pain the NSAIDs aren’t quite cutting it – and John is not going to prescribe narcotics to his flatmate unless he wants to get into
“Good evening, Brighton.” Sherlock’s voice is deep and rich; a bashful smirk follows his introduction. “I am thrilled to see so many friendly faces here tonight. Please accept my most sincere acknowledgements for your generous contributions.” He concludes with a brief handclap and the audience follows with cheerful applause. “As a thank-you, I’ll be bestowing you the gift of my voice for a moment or two.” The twinkle in his eye and his tone draws collective laughter from the crowd.
and other
Sherlock is shaking but answers him with a sharp nod. It seems he cannot escape the destiny written in black Bic Cristal after all, because it has chased him down from London into Sussex, across hilltops and narrow roads, through severe weather and right into his doorstep.
“You ran away from London, from your life, down to bloody Sussex, to raise bees and weed vegetables.” A tentative hand finds its way to Sherlock’s left eyebrow. “You ran away from me, and you’re still running because I frighten you. Because I hurt you.” Soft fingertips trace the thinning eyebrow. “Never again, Sherlock. It will never, ever happen again,” John delivers between ill-disguised sniffles, eyes red-rimmed as he fights against tears.
The grin on John’s face answers all his questions. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” he starts.
The drinks are abandoned on the coffee table, together with a torn envelope and a letter that flutters to the floor when a waft of summer evening sweeps through open windows.
is acting today, and a false step makes her kick a kitchen chair, sending it skipping and clattering over the floor.
. Cruelly enough, the operative system decides that now is a fantastic time to install a heap of updates. Sherlock groans.
“I don’t understand how you were capable of killing a man in cold blood, in the first place.”
To be fair, his reputation is the last thing on his mind. He had been fooled by his younger brother, but this becomes a minor detail in comparison to the mess Sherlock created by shooting Magnussen in front of way too many witnesses.
Sherlock seems to finally acknowledge John is in the same room and replies with a meek ‘yes’ and a lift of his hips from the bed. John swallows and clears his throat, reaches for Sherlock’s fly and unzips it; the top button is gone, probably lost in the commotion at the Mayan. He tugs the shorts and whatever is left of those ridiculous fishnet tights down Sherlock’s long legs and helps him into the soft pyjamas trousers.
“Hello, Sherlock.”
What Sherlock is not fine with is her being used as the centrepiece of avoidance. As routine settles, there is the growing sense of unease that the important words that need to be exchanged are being left on the backburner.
The man gawks at him. “H-How did you…”
, and I was
Sherlock crumples down on the sofa and drops his face onto his hands, too tired even to shed tears.
last month.”
“Um, no, oh god, I mean, yes, it is, but it’s all a misunderstanding, so it’s fine, you see, I wanted a big hose, oh god not that kind of hose, I mean, it’s not what you think–”
“Nonsense. Spectroscopy sees everything.”
“It’s not like I enjoy this circus, but I know I’m a performing monkey.”
. Yes, a bit not good to have
'Not that I much care for other people's opinions, but it is clear there will be reactions of surprise and incredulity.' Sherlock takes a deep breath. 'But I believe most will be happy. Mummy will be ecstatic, for sure,' Sherlock punctuates with a fond eyeroll. 'Not sure how you feel about this, though.'
‘Talk to me,’ Sherlock pleads, imbuing as much softness as he can in his voice. Alarmed, Sherlock stares as John’s lower lip wobbles and he sinks his head in his palms. His shoulders start shaking in the unmistakable rhythm of sobbing. It’s quiet and it’s heart-wrenching, and Sherlock finds himself on his knees, his hands gently grasping John’s elbows. ‘John…’
“John Watson to see Mr Sherlock Holmes.”
John leaves the rose on the tombstone and takes two steps back. Stares at the familiar name. Plants himself in front of the grave of his best friend. Inhales deeply, exhales shakily. It’s so very quiet here, just the gentle rustling of leaves and the drizzle infusing the scene with white noise, the earthy petrichor surrounding him.
flash drive,
Sherlock allows himself to relish in the small touch and in the intimacy of the moment. In a minute or so, he will gather the courage to close the gap between them, searching John’s eyes to find out that yes, it is a feeling reciprocated. But for now, he lets the newfound peace blanket them, give them a foundation to work on, fill the silence with warmth and harmony.
When Monday comes, Sherlock is as prepared as he can be and more unprepared than ever. He wakes up while the dawn still stretches pale and pink; he inspects the beehives, despite having done so just yesterday; he verifies – twice – the child-proof locks he installed on the lower kitchen cabinets. He’s polishing the stovetop (again) when he hears the same car sounds that haunted his driveway just a few weeks ago. He battles his eagerness in welcoming John and Rosie and waits instead until John knocks on the door.
John opens the private door to Sherlock’s flat and guides him upstairs, a hand on his elbow and the other on the small of his back. Sherlock is as docile as a lamb, all his energy escaped like air from a party balloon, deflated and small. The contrast to stage-Sherlock is so staggering it’s almost unbelievable these two personas are the same man. They go through the kitchen and into Sherlock’s bedroom; John considers tea momentarily but decides against it – Sherlock needs rest more than anything right now. He sits the man on the bed, removes his own jacket from his shoulders and ponders about the next step.
“Oh. And your appointment was arranged by…?” The woman straightens her back and faces John fully.
A scant few days that nevertheless stretch endless separate the phone call and John’s arrival. Sherlock spends this time with repairing one of the beehives, pruning the lilac bushes, fixing loose stones on the pavement outside his front door. He studies and sketches plans for a bigger shed – the current one holds all he needs for beehive maintenance and his honey extractor and related tools, but there’s no space to work in there. Would be nice to have a separate bench for his chemistry equipment, too. He’ll need running water and electricity for this extension though. He would have done all of these activities regardless of visitors but now he enjoys making plans and is looking forward to materialising them. He spends an inordinate amount of time reading reviews for inflatable air mattresses and drives almost 20 km one sunny afternoon to purchase a ridiculously overpriced one. The furniture in the sitting room is rearranged three times in diverse configurations, then all put back in their original spots, and Sherlock doesn’t really know why he’s done so.
, who prompted:
John sighs and thwacks down the newspaper he was trying to read on his side table. Sherlock had been sitting in his armchair for hours now in complete silence, hands steepled under his chin, eyes closed. John assumed he had retreated into his Mind Palace, as he usually does after a case, filing away little bits and bobs that may prove useful in the future.
The morning sun is still shining, and a cool wind picks up and robs trees of their last leaves. With the white noise of distant traffic muffled by the high walls, the leaves swirling in the breeze and rustling down to the ground, and a drop of sweat running down his spine, John knows, with terrifying clarity, that he is losing himself.
“Yes. But it’s not…money or anything tangible he wants. Instead, he asks for…information. Just…snippets.”
“Wh-what the hell is this?!”
John looks over his shoulder with unmistakable fondness. “Yeah, he is.” He pushes the door to the flat open and steps aside in an inviting gesture.
“Is this your type of social place?” asks Sherlock, lifting an eyebrow. “Country music and chips?”
“His biggest fan, yeah. Lovely. Loves Sherlock so much he wants to see him dead.” Hands on his hips, John shuffles impatient feet on the wooden floor.
Originally posted on
They dine in the garden after Rosie falls asleep. Plates hide the pretty mosaic on the small table; a glass of chilled Riesling pairs well with the lightly butter-fried sole. The air is warm and sweet, filled with summer and peace. Their knees bump, there’s small touches and easy smiles. Sherlock hates to break the moment with something that might rip discord in this serenity but needs must. He convinces John to pour them a nightcap from the liquor cabinet in the sitting room and uses the excuse of taking plates in the kitchen to secure his true objective.
“A couple of weeks ago…someone broke in and, uh,” Greg rubs the back of his neck, a red tinge of embarrassment on his cheekbones, “tossed off on the bed.”
“I will come back to you, John,” Sherlock mumbles wetly against the pillow while slowly falling into a deep slumber. “I will come back.”
John exhales heavily, combs a hand through his hair. “I can’t protect you like this, Sherlock.”
“Yeah, well,” Sally composes herself, lifts her chin, “of course it’s different, it’s… not the same,” she concludes lamely.
His eyes roam over the room, appraising his dominion, analysing the reaction – it’s all data to be used to improve future performances. But he cannot deny he is, in this moment, Huracán, wind and fire unleashed, and he is drunk in the feeling of power and invincibility.
“Well. Yes,” John answers, defensive. It’s Dolly Parton!
So, John was a bit testy, and his interruption might have sounded snappier than intended. He knew that because Sherlock stopped abruptly, and after a moment’s hesitation started to tidy up the mess of microscope slides and notes and soil samples scattered on the table. “I’m… sorry, John, I’ll just—”
“Hello, John. Welcome.” Sherlock straightens his back, clasps his hands behind his back and steps aside to let them come in; John deposits Rosie down on the floor. She grabs his leg and hides her face after throwing Sherlock a distrustful glare.
On cue, John steps in the kitchen. “He didn’t have an appointment.”
If he can feel this. What is
? Is he completely
everything can be measured.” Sherlock plops himself down in his armchair facing John, a look of determination on his face.
said. “Wait. Did they give you more painkillers?”
It had been a date. John has to admit to himself: he had taken Sherlock Holmes on a date.
“Who could do this?”
I swallow sharp shards. Ice fills my stomach, my morning tea threatening to make its way up. “Hypothetically speaking, if I were to accept these conditions, what would you want in return?”
?” John replies.
“It’s just that…it’s…so depressing!”
His voice trembles ever so slightly and his heart races as he speaks. “Come here for a few days. With Rosie. There’s lots of space for her to play. Short drive down to the beach.”
The tattered carpet rasps against John’s naked toes as he sits in his chair and stares into oblivion.
Sherlock nods. “The pain is slowly disappearing. Maybe I passed it without noticing?”
“Of course I knew about Victor. Not a difficult deduction what with him being the only person having the keys to the room.” Good
They write back and forth for the next few days, each e-mail flowing easier and slipping slowly but steadily into the familiar terrain of light banter. In a silent agreement, they forgo talking about what constitutes forgiveness or what the next steps may be – simply because they are already being taken. These are letters that Sherlock opens without thinking twice about it, and still destiny, time, fate, whatever one may call it, trudges forth. They cannot change the past, but perhaps they help mould the future.
“I’ll be fine with the air mattress out here, Sherlock.” John smiles one of those fond and slightly exasperated smiles that have not illuminated his face like this for so very long.
Ah. Light tread on the stairs, a gait I easily recognise. And an appalling shade of red on her coat as she shadows my doorstep. Mary Watson. But no John on her tail.
“These are not just nutters on social media, Victor!” Greg says with exasperation, but Victor is not paying attention to him any longer.
“Yes, yes, I just,” Sherlock takes a deep breath, “I just wanted to thank you. I admit I was not expecting to have such a pleasant time in an amusement park, but. But I am enjoying this visit.” He wears a small smile, uncharacteristically hesitant. “I do feel some pain as usual but for a few hours I almost forgot it. It’s been such a constant presence that I’ve accepted it as something I must live with.”
Mycroft seems to notice this, and jumps up from the sofa. “Sherlock? What–”
The house is turned upside down in a whirlwind of trying to find (unsuccessfully) a bug, checking locks on doors and windows, verifying whether anything else had been sabotaged. All windowpanes survived the explosion and there is no fire – just floating debris of what used to be the boat shelter and the boat itself spread on the shore and the surface of the lake. The landline is dead, and the internet with it. Their mobiles can’t find a network. Bill and Molly go out again to check if they can fix one of the cars. They’ll try to get the police here later for forensic work, but for now, there’s the more urgent matter of protecting their lives if the bomber is still around.
John turns his head to face the ceiling and takes a deep breath, his right hand scrubbing the smile off his face. Time to face reality.
“It’s common to wake up thrashing about. It’s a known side effect of anaesthesia,” John comments, his voice nearer now. Sherlock knows this, but lets John reassure him anyway.
They find themselves under a renewed blanket of suffocating silence while chewing toast with honey and drinking tea. Several times, John makes a small sound or moves in a way suggesting he’s about to say something, but it never comes. Sherlock doesn’t know if he wants him to say anything. It’s like the unforgotten letter: unread words have no consequence. They can stay in this limbo of unspoken apologies, never reaching out for each other again. They could… let it all slide, fall back into the separation already underway with Sherlock’s move to Sussex. Finally move through the canonical stages of grief and continue living.
“Out.” Sherlock’s voice is ice cold and cuts through the heat of the discussion. “Out, all of you.”
Sherlock lifts his gaze from his mobile and locks quizzical eyes with John in the rear-view mirror.
What an absolute fool he had been.
“I know I didn’t deserve the amount of violence I suffered from your hands,” and John closes his eyes hearing these words from Sherlock, accepting the sting with a tiny nod, “but I also know this belongs now in the past, and it will become more and more of a distant memory.”
John falls back on his mattress and lets his own private sorrow take over his body.
John squeezes Sherlock’s shoulder. “There’s a family room we can use. Mycroft needs his rest.”
John exhales a small
John is never going to get used to Mycroft’s ‘kidnappings’.
As the banging upstairs gets louder and more…
going to believe this.”
Sherlock is a stealthy walker, but John has his military training, and Sherlock’s gait is unmistakeable in the wet grass behind him. He feels Sherlock slow down to a stop. Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s shoulders and nuzzles his temple.
It’s difficult to tear his eyes from the sensual creature dominating the stage, but John forces himself to do so, ignoring the warm feeling in his guts from a bloody
if I’m living across town?”
Sherlock says the only thing he can think of. “Tea?”
John and Irene stare at each other. Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Irene was baited out of her post by someone impersonating John. Obvious.”
“The– what? What flash drive?” John is still looking around, the last traces of sleep quickly dissipating as he takes in his surroundings.
“Which is why Ms Hooper is staying, and Mr Murray will also be around. Please, Sherlock.”
“No need to apologise, Sherlock. You can call me any time. You know that, right? Any time you need.” There’s a creak under John’s feet, the sound of a door softly clicking shut, and bedlinens whispering as John lays Rosie down in her cot.
Finally, Sherlock speaks. “I was triaged soon after registering. A nurse told me to lie down on a gurney and wait. So, I waited, although I couldn’t well lie still, you know how I was…” John gives him a brief squeeze on his forearm –
“Orange juice.”
It’s not that John hasn’t been in a gay club before. It’s been a long time, sure, but there was the occasional visit back then, when he felt more adventurous and perhaps even rebellious. When he was open to exploring a part of himself that was equally thrilling and terrifying. Though those clubs had been decidedly less posh than this one – there, one could steal a touch or maybe even a one-night stand (and there had been a few).
“Which I enjoy.”
“Sherlock, what… what is the problem?”
In short, everything as usual, which means nothing as Sally wants it to be.
along, John!”
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; Friends to Lovers; gratuitous abuse of card game metaphors
John twists his hands. “Too early to say, innit.”
Ellie looks back at him and takes a deep breath before answering. “No. He’s staying away. I think for good, this time. Tom has accepted this. In a way.” She takes a sip of tea to buy time, organise her thoughts. “It’s never really going to be okay, but he knows Joe has to stay away for everybody’s sake. I do question sometimes if it is wise to separate him completely from his father, but…” She does not finish her thought.
John considers Molly’s words. The constant fear of losing a client is something he has always been able to keep in check. It’s an always present risk, but John has been in the business long enough to not let the fear take over and impact his focus. His mind wanders to his goodbye conversation with James a few months or a lifetime ago; it was fear driving him away then, he can admit that now.
He needs to check the level in his water butt after all that rain, anyway.
Sherlock nods with gratitude in his eyes.
it. And now they were eating cake after
And so, it had been an unremarkable evening as evenings go in 221b. The fact that Sherlock had seemed determined in ploughing a trench in the carpet by walking back and forth when John pushed the door open into the flat had mostly been ignored – Sherlock in a strop when no case is on is far from being unusual. A bit less usual had been his immediate disappearance into his bedroom when John tried to say ‘hello’ – seemingly to continue his frantic pacing around the bed or something, judging by the noise coming from behind the closed door.
“I hope so.” John gives her a warm smile. The woman is about his height, caramel brown hair in a ponytail and friendly brown eyes. She’s wearing jeans and a t-shirt too thin for the early December cold. She’s scrubbing the limo with her right hand; her left is bandaged. “My name is Edison, I have an appointment with Mr Holmes.”
. Sharp cheekbones framed by dark, luscious curls, soft lips (Were they soft? They
Sherlock?
“How??” Sherlock sounds alarmed. He has caught John’s expression and is now visibly bracing himself.
“The peptide profile is too complex to make any sense, which suggests contamination upon sample collection. As usual, the cretins at the Met botched what would otherwise be a perfectly reasonable avenue of investigation.” He rakes a hand through his curls, frustration seeping out from every pore.
Moriarty grins, malignant and delighted. “You are so transparent, Johnny boy. If we all play our cards well, nobody dies here tonight.” He gets close to John, lips almost brushing over his ear. “I will burn the heart out of him. And you will help me,” he murmurs. Moriarty leans back, still grinning. “Oh, this is gonna be
John shakes his arm loose from Greg’s hold and leaves the room, walking fast up the corridor, past the foyer, and through the outer door. Greg is on his heels, unrelenting. “Please, John. I’m sorry. That went tits up; I should have booked you a proper meeting.”
“Say, Trevor. Awfully convenient that the police were never called to investigate the
And yet.
John scrunches his eyebrows, bemused. “Why not?”
Greg fishes out a manila envelope from the top drawer of his office desk. John had followed him back into the house but instead of being led down the corridor again, he found himself climbing the staircase to the upper floor. This floor is also richly decorated, but less so than the ground floor. The same polished wooden boards run the length of it, and the walls are covered with a mix of photos of Sherlock and the occasional artwork. Here, there are more closed doors instead of an open display of extravagance. Greg explains to John that this is where the staff have their quarters: himself, Mrs Hudson, Irene, Victor, Molly. Nobody has a so-called ‘real life’ when working twenty-four/seven for Sherlock, and living in-house has them at Sherlock’s beck and call. John wonders about Mycroft, and Greg explains that there are a couple of small detached houses in the back; Mycroft lives in one of them, and the second one is reserved for guests.
A natural assumption. John usually e-mailed Sherlock in the early evening, presumably after feeding and bathing Rosie; Sherlock would reply later in the evening. Admittedly, he usually glanced at his inbox earlier than that, in anticipation of a new message, but he didn’t want John to think he was clinging to these moments.
I pick up my phone and press a familiar number.
Sherlock hums in agreement. “I admit to not having seen the need for you before, but now, I…I’m glad you’re here, John Watson. Thank you.”
John’s not much of a dancer, but the idea of holding Sherlock in his arms is proving harder to resist by the minute. He acquiesces, and stretches his hand to Sherlock in invitation. Sherlock shrugs off his suit jacket, hanging it on his chair, and accepts John’s hand.
Whatever Sherlock might say, he’s not paranoid.
The three men stand in silence for a short while. John is jittery but there is something very off about how Mycroft is reacting. He is usually a practical man, eloquent and efficient – but he’s now standing speechless and
“Good morning, Mary.” I rise myself from my trusty armchair. Fortunate that I had already changed into my day clothes, although my second favourite dressing gown still wraps me as an armour. “What do I owe the pleasure?” I step towards her and place a light kiss on her proffered cheek. She smiles back with the same empty intentions.
“I would
. It’s a club. Let go of the door.”
“Not with Sherlock in the car. The guy’s a
John licks his lips and unwraps his fingers from Sherlock’s wrists. “Still too many clothes, don’t you think?” A predatory grin spreads on his face, and Sherlock cannot help but give an answering devilish smile. John shifts back enough to lift himself from Sherlock’s lap, undoes his button and zip. Sherlock realises he is staring hungrily at John’s groin and forces his gaze up. He meets a knowing, cheeky look from John, who practically rips off his jeans and pants in one go. Sherlock fumbles to open his own trousers and kick his shoes off while still lying down; they return to the previous position, John straddling Sherlock again.
Was there ever a time Sherlock and John did not belong to each other?
“You’ll be nearer Watson to tend to her needs.”
Sherlock halts, clenching a chef’s knife midair. He’s in the manor’s main kitchen, chopping fruit with unnecessary violence before throwing it all into a blender. Mrs Hudson tuts at the mess – there are pieces of apple and banana everywhere – but otherwise keeps quiet while she hustles around the room.
A luminous idea hits John.
Oh, he must have said that out loud because John chuckles, Mycroft rolls his eyes and Mary does a complicated thing with her face that Sherlock cannot really discern. Not in this state, at least.
Sherlock hurries into the kitchen to warm up his dinner.
“I have long forgiven Mary for her—”
“I am invited to a New Year’s Eve event at a hotel in Brighton, and Victor has made sure that the evening is in honour of my nominations for the Grammy Awards,” Sherlock replies, crisp and professional, his face devoid of any warmth. “I expect you to collaborate with the hotel and handle the security of the whole evening in a discreet fashion. I do not want to be seen covered in bodyguards.”
“John, I…I know I’m not supposed to go out, but…”
Sherlock closes and locks the door before turning to Richard, lest John reaches them and interrupts too soon. He’s aware John is following them, but he’s hoping for a quiet moment to interact with Brook, away from the noise of the party.
His eyes stray over the diverse flower arrangements as he combs his curls with his fingertips. He has to admit to some unease about their presence in the room, and is relieved John had taken a more than cursory look with that metal detector. He needs to change into his costume soon enough, and is about to get up from his chair when his eyes rest on a simple bouquet of soft pink rhododendrons lying on a stool. An unusual choice for this time of the year, as it is too soon for most of the common species to bloom, and not the sort of flower one would import from warmer climates, like most of the vapid roses and tulips covering almost every surface in the room. As he reaches for the bouquet, Sherlock notices a small shimmery purple envelope tucked between two of the larger flowers. Curiously enough, the envelope seems to hold something bulky instead of the expected card. Sherlock plucks the envelope out of the arrangement, opens it, and slides out a silver USB flash drive. He turns the small item in his fingers – there is nothing remarkable about this drive except the way it was delivered.
“Thank you.”
“Can’t have survived the fall. I’m more concerned about you right now.”
It is also John who breaks this now insufferable silence. “Thanks for dinner; it was really good. You’ve always been an excellent cook when you put your mind into it.”
'It's not the most obvious of paths for us to undertake, I realise. I certainly never thought I would end up in such a situation myself. But… it's the right thing to do. Isn't it?' Sherlock pauses.
demonstrations of open
“It’s a death sentence—”
A landscape of pain, shaped by John Watson, on the pale skin of Sherlock Holmes. And yet, those were not the bruises hurting the most.
Sherlock had been ready to dismiss this new person as simply background noise. And yet…something about John Watson’s presence captured Sherlock’s attention. There was the obvious, of course: ex-military with a history in security services, probably at MI5 – that would be where Greg had initially met him. Irritating that he missed the medical training long enough for Mycroft to point it out to the room, but it’s of no consequence. Except…it is of consequence, isn’t it? Ah, yes, obvious: John had enlisted in his capacity as an army surgeon. Hands that kill, hands that heal.
Sherlock will not open the letter.
He is very aware that his voice will carry and bewitch his audience. On cue, his spectators quiet down, hanging on every syllable.
After the attempt on Sherlock’s life, John had suggested a retreat to an old friend’s house. He knows he can count on Bill for both discretion and protection. A phone call and a short (amicable) discussion later, it was decided: John, Sherlock, Mycroft and Molly would travel to Scotland. No Irene, no Victor, not even Greg would know where they were going. Greg was not pleased by this decision but ultimately he understood that it was for the best.
,” he waves between the two of them, “be any different?”
“God, Sherlock, no, wait.” John softened his voice, regretting his cursed, tetchy mood. He gently held Sherlock’s arm. “I’m the one who should be apologising. Tough day at work, shouldn’t dump my frustrations on you.”
, unthreatening and peaceful.
he is coming over Sherlock’s lovely large hands, and for once it is Sherlock who follows him.
John stops and releases his hard clench on Sherlock’s arm. “Who was discussing this?”
Originally posted on
Greg takes another deep breath, bewildered by her violent reaction. To defuse an angry Sally Donovan is a fine art, but one he has learned throughout the years. “Have you tried to simply talk to him? Come on, Donovan; you are a brave woman. I am sure he will not refuse a word with you.” At her sceptical look, he continues, “I am one-hundred percent sure he has forgiven you, as he has forgiven me. Just give it a go. He respects you a lot more than what you think.”
Sherlock looks through the window, a sad smile on his lips. “Not so special,” he whispers. “So,” he deflects the conversation to the topic that has been burning in his mind since they arrived at Murray’s place, “you are obviously ex-military. I presume you met John while in Afghanistan, and the way you defer to him says he outranks you. Nurse or CMT?”
He can’t blame Sherlock. This is all on John. He should have been more professional, shouldn’t have blurred the lines between being his bodyguard and his friend…his lover. John cringes inwardly as he tries to call all of this a mistake – he can’t bear to brush off the shared intimacy of last night as a blunder, not when he had seen his own desire reflected on Sherlock’s eyes.
“You hurt John.”
In the end, a compromise, an incomplete truth. “Well, while it might help establish motive, knowing exactly what happened to Ms Morstan doesn’t influence the outcome of the Moran case. It’s just paperwork now.”
. “Wow, he’s good, isn’t he?”
When they separate, they stare at each other in awe.
A kiss to open the future of the two of them against the world.
It’s all John can do to not sputter and spit tea all over his lap; he quickly regains his composure and decides that denial will take them nowhere.
“They’re always doing last minute changes in plans and throwing a fit about this or that.” John preferred jobs with politicians, businesspeople, even a few nobles – people that had a public façade but otherwise kept a quiet life. Celebrities meant a permanent circus to fend off.
Originally posted on
John doesn’t reply immediately. He purses his lips, avoids Sherlock’s sharp gaze and narrowing eyes. And bulldozes on. “Aside from having slept with my client?” He winces at his own words, sees how they land sharp and relentless on Sherlock.
“If this reluctance of yours to leave without me is due to some misguided guilt, please let me assure you that there’s nothing to be guilty about.”
“B-but Irene–”
Originally posted on
Beer and whisky and vodka and lust singing in their veins, the next minutes are a blur of hands on zippers, under trunk briefs, on smooth, hard flesh; of panting and moaning and kissing and biting and sweet, sweaty release.
Sherlock continues, relentless. “Oh. Oh! No, that’s not quite it, is it? You’re afraid of starting to care too much for them. Commitment. You think it compromises you.” John suppresses a groan and looks resolutely to the exit of the shop. “Well, John, I can only agree with you.”
, Sherlock—”
success, John.” Mycroft pronounces ‘commercial’ as if it is a swear word, scrunching up his nose in distaste. “His life is a constant circus. The noise, the
“Do not insult me by actually describing me both scenarios. I’ll take the Eastern Europe job.”
The talk about pay presents itself as an excellent opportunity for John to shift the focus from himself to the true reason for Greg Lestrade’s visit. “And that’s why you’re here.”
Damn it, damn it all to hell. He’s human after all, and Sherlock is easy on the eye. John is aware that his newly acquired habit of watching Sherlock’s YouTube channel late at night is not exactly due to professional interest, nor is it due to a sudden interest in pop music.
John knows for sure their lives are forever entangled, and that this is simply their next adventure. The affirmation of a love so deep, a connection so strong, a promise so unbreakable, worth so much more than the five thousand quid resting on his hands.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to do, so he does the only thing he’s ever done that seemed to help: he slips from his own armchair, kneeling on the floor in front of John, and places a gentle hand on his knee.
“Impressive, truly. How do you manage to use it?”
“You did well, John,” Molly says.
“—And I am
And John is fidgeting a lot.
When was
Sherlock strides towards the bridge. “Let’s get this over with.”
“I don’t think that’s really any of your business. Although it looks like you’ve made it your business anyway. You follow all our moves that closely?” John tries to not sound too annoyed because he likes to think Mycroft is on his brother’s side – hence him being part of the small group that had travelled to Scotland – but Mycroft’s tone grates at John’s patience.
“But if you cannot see it, is it really there? And when I say ‘see’, I do not mean only whatever falls within the range of the visible spectrum,” Sherlock clarifies pointedly.
Except all that had been a lie. He had faked his death, left his friends to grieve him, buried careers at the Met. Ever the sociopath, after all. It was only the fact that she had been wrong about his being a fraud that forces her now to accept his intrusion in her work.
Thank you for reading!
John glances around the room, weary and dispirited, hands clasped between his knees. The Queen Elizabeth University Hospital is but a few years old and hosts Glasgow’s major trauma centre, and the ICU waiting area, split into small rooms by sliding doors, is crisp and modern. It’s all wrapped in soft pastel hues, some modern art hanging on the walls, designed to induce tranquillity; a place for family members to spend time during the day, talk with the doctor on duty, have some coffee or tea from the machine just outside the door. John is sitting on a comfortable sofa, paired with soft armchairs and a sleek coffee table.
“Uh, this way, Sherlock.”
A gentle hand on my shoulder shakes me out of my mind palace. John. Oh no, he’s applying lubrication to his lips, he’s going to kiss me now, I am not prepared, I have not gone through all the steps, I—
Finally, she speaks: “Do you think that berk goes out for coffee?”
It’s slightly voyeuristic behaviour, yes. He’s gradually becoming more and more fascinated by his new bodyguard. Watson acts cold but is genuinely interested in protecting Sherlock; he will make Sherlock’s life miserable because he is so convinced it’s the right thing to do. During the day, he stands in a military pose in watchful vigil or barks orders; but at night, he watches Sherlock’s YouTube channel. The man is a mixture of contradictions, a dance of dualities, and Sherlock is confused.
“Bugger,” Greg rubs a tired hand along his face. “Maybe he’s a good actor?”
“Can you feel this?”
Sherlock’s gaze slides distractedly to the mantle over the fireplace. He seems to ponder for a minute or so about what John has argued before adding, “Maybe not measurable with spectroscopy, but measurable all the same.”
!” The mob goes wild at this, shouts and whistles filling the air and intensifying when Sherlock steps onto the stage. The lights dim; a spotlight floods Sherlock’s walk.
Greg’s bedroom adjoins his office, where Greg and John now stand. Greg nods towards an upholstered armchair, inviting John to sit, and hands him the envelope.
“I was never mad at you, Victor. I just– I couldn’t– you didn’t deserve– you deserved– you deserved more.”
. It’s not obvious to the casual viewer — one has to stand as close as Sally is to notice eyes filling and spilling, the slight shaking on his frame, the ragged breaths.
Sherlock recognises the squeak of approaching steps.
Sherlock closes his eyes as if he could erase Mycroft’s words. “Yes,” he whispers.
On the bright side, John’s tutoring of Molly in new
Moriarty.
But Mary
As John considers bringing up again the subject of medical help one late Sunday morning, Sherlock surprises him. “About those alternative methods.”
,” he points at a random worker hammering away at a door one day, “destroying any capacity for concentration with his incessant and inconsistent blows on my property?!”
Unexpected
He brings the package into his flat and sets it on the kitchen counter, then brings out a large box on wheels filled with sand. It’s not much but is enough to stabilise a small amount of explosives if necessary. He searches for his stethoscope to listen to the package – a bit ridiculous perhaps to expect a ticking bomb noise like in films, but an amateur bomber could still build something in that style. He hears nothing through the earpieces, so he lifts the package and sniffs it, and runs the hand-held metal detector over it. Nothing. He brings out a scalpel and slices carefully along an edge to lift the packing paper and reveal an ordinary cardboard box, which he opens slowly. There’s wrapping paper concealing a small object in the box.
“NO!” John’s bellow startles Sherlock as it penetrates him, icy and sharp. It strikes Sherlock what the cold sweat running down his spine means: he’s afraid.
Until Sherlock sighs. And dares. “Must we continue to hold this wall of silence?”
There’s a struggle going on inside.
“What’s this?” he asks, incredulous, as a veritable entourage led by Victor leaves the house: Sherlock, wrapped in his dark grey long coat and a blue scarf, follows Victor closely, haughty and silent. Behind him, Irene moves silently too; she throws a viperous look at John and moves to open a limo door for Sherlock. The wardrobe assistant – Sally – carries two zip-up clothes covers, one in each hand, and heads to the car boot to store them.
John takes a ragged breath. He can’t help going over and over this fresh memory.
John takes Sherlock’s hand and guides him to his bedroom. He turns on the light and clicks the door closed behind them. Sherlock holds John’s hand, feeling grounded, forcing him to truly believe he is in this moment – and if it isn’t ironic the very thing that is grounding him is also what makes him feel like he’s flying.
John lifts an eyebrow, clearly not expecting ‘the road’ to be any sort of sensical answer to his speech. “Pardon?”
presence,” Greg points out, “he ignores
Sherlock opens sad eyes and smiles at John, that soft, private smirk only John gets to see. Maybe Victor was the recipient of such smiles, once upon a time? “Someone emotionally stumped. Unavailable.”
’ escaping from his lips.
She disappears into the night. John dumps his cold tea down the drain.
“I don’t blame you, John. It’s past—”
To this, John attempts to (patiently) explain that these preparations are needed, everything is almost done, and the banging and clanging will soon go away and if he could
“Oh, no, that’s Sherlock. He plays the violin,” he replies casually, not even glancing back.
“Ah, yes, those places close for winter,” John muses.
There is decent enough security at the main entrance to keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary, John surmises – the Mayan is known for being very exclusive, catering to well-filled wallets. In here, though, security is almost an afterthought. The club seems to rely on Sherlock having his own team; John and Irene will have to be at their best. People dawdle and linger about in the corridor, chattering above the dull
They lock eyes again, and John pauses. “Are you alright?”
: once, he had thought that his life was always going to be the Work with John by his side, and even if he didn’t dwell on exactly how the future would look like for the both of them, there was the prospect of always being
Sherlock turns slowly to him, an impassive look on his face.
. ‘You were outnumbered and surprised, tired after a double shift, thinking how nice it would be to come home.’ Sherlock pries John’s hands from his face. Red-rimmed eyes look back at him; John is listening. Encouraged, Sherlock holds John’s hands between his own, a thumb running back and forth over sore knuckles. ‘Instead of a quiet evening by the fire, you had to spend the night in the hospital being prodded…’
him, well… that is all that Sherlock ever needs.
Another day, another round of nannying.
Sherlock lifts his head to look again at John and smirks a mischievous smile. “A cup of tea would also be nice.”
“He’s also jealous of you and your success.”
“So, you got no medication at all? No antispasmodic?”
Molly widens her eyes at the handgun John is packing away but soon schools her features and smiles a genuine, happy grin. “Sure thing, boss!”
Mycroft’s face softens. “Oh, Sherlock. It is not me who he wants.”
Oblivious to John’s suffering (and his presence, it seems), Victor continues to address Sherlock. “You
lately.” Sherlock huffs into his mug and risks a side glance at Molly. She is nodding in sympathy, her kind eyes sending a silent apology for not being able to do more for him.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to reply. How
Sherlock’s chest unclenches in relief.
At the same time, John knows he can’t go so long without removing the stone. Sherlock is in pain, and there’s always a risk for further infection, that could reach the kidney. Even if John is watching Sherlock like a hawk, an infection can come quickly. He knows he’s operating with catastrophic worst-case scenarios but…
Richard is sliding a hand down Sherlock’s bicep, and John has to swallow bitterness and stop himself from intruding. Unfortunately, Mary notices this.
“I’m not perfect, Mycroft. But I’m not going to take this sort of crap from you. If you have a problem being second to Sherlock in everything, then try to turn your life around.”
“I thought I’d popped in to show you my latest video. Would you like that?”
“Of course.”
“Yes, I have it here,” Irene replies and turns to fiddle with something off-screen – a laptop, John assumes. A few moments later, the file plays:
Yeah, okay, maybe his comment about fucking half of the hotel had been out of place. But Sherlock is so
isn’t he allowed to be annoyed at snarky remarks directed to the things he loves doing? He performed some of those analyses himself, let a company do the more complex ones, and he truly enjoyed discovering what he could and could not do with his newfound patch of land.
The morning papers pile up on the seldom-used kitchen table.
“No, Sally, I mean with
It’s just words on paper. They can’t change the past, but they don’t determine the future either. That is all up to him instead.
would make an attempt on my life. He’s absurdly aggravating and a pompous ninny, but he’s my
As Christmas approaches, effort is put into decorating the mansion. There will be no large party or reception as originally planned – too much of a security risk, and nobody is in the mood anyway. There’s tasteful tinsel, soft fairy lights, a sparsely decorated Christmas tree in the foyer, and Mrs Hudson’s mulled wine. Sherlock ventures more and more out of his flat to chat, sitting here and there with headphones on, quiet and contemplative, and scribbling down lyrics and ideas on paper. John keeps a polite but not too large distance, giving Sherlock the space he needs to put himself back together. He knows the incident at the club has rattled Sherlock enough for him to start listening to his new bodyguard, even as he tries to stay nonchalant and dismissive of the whole security thing. There has been a hint of embarrassment colouring Sherlock’s words since that night, an unwillingness to admit to himself and the people around him how weak and panicky he had felt. He has deftly avoided the subject since then but has slowly acquiesced to John’s demands in amping up the security around his routines.
John is so taken aback by Sherlock’s question that he doesn’t consider his answer before raising his shields again. “…Afff–ghanistan. How did you – oh, Greg told you about me.”
But John.
, thinks Sally. But as Sherlock stuffs his hands in his coat’s pockets, slumps his shoulders as if the weight of a thousand years rests on them and continues to be silent at the floor, Sally feels her anger dissipating and turning into the only thing she never wants to feel for this man:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Molly, I am sorry for overreacting.” He can see the surprise on her face at his apology — does he really do this that seldom? “I do appreciate your support and friendship.”
John cups Sherlock’s cheek and closes the distance between them.
“Stay where you are.” John’s voice is muffled by the closed door.
Hand in hand as they walk together, a path new and old, ending where it starts. The final piece of the puzzle neatly fitting into place.
“Good evening, Mayan.”
“But it’s been a month! Are you sure you didn’t just, you know. Delete it?”
There is a ‘Meet me in the conference room, second floor, in five minutes’ message from John’s number. John picks up his own mobile.
to breach the silence between them, but his tongue is glued to his palate, as if caught in a magic spell.
Mycroft sighs deeply, just avoiding an eyeroll. “If you’re quite done vociferating your protests, perhaps you will now tell me if your moving back is a permanent move. Or will you leave him again as soon as some other charming woman with a notorious past catches your attention?”
And if that wasn’t typical John Watson. The man knew Sherlock inside out, and it took him one sleepy look at Sherlock’s face to know he was, indeed, planning things in his head, early hour be damned. Sherlock gazed at John, unable to avoid a fond grin spreading on his face.
Relevant tags: Sally Donovan & Greg Lestrade; Post-Reichenbach
“Just answer the question–”
All the nannying is driving him up the wall. He is now sure his instinct was correct: there
This is John’s attempt to convey some normalcy back to their co-existence: focus on the practical details, let the earlier subject drop.
Heartbreak framed by sharp cheekbones and dark blond hair.
As much as it pains Sherlock, the only possible solution is to convince John to forgive Mary. Give him a chance at being happy with her, have a family, raise their child. Sherlock owes this to him. John deserves to be happy.
“We shagged, Mary, that was all. Then you fucked off. Or were made to, so I heard.”
The next morning dawns bright and too cheery for Sherlock’s mood. He throws a dressing gown over his pyjamas and walks out of the bedroom, half-expecting John to be gone, half-hoping he hasn’t.
John laughs heartily in lieu of a reply.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; 221B Ficlet; Fluff; Implied Sexual Content; gratuitous abuse of clichés
Irene is perceptive enough to sense this is a conversation she should not be privy to. “I will talk to the hotel security, see if we have some CCTV footage.”
Victor’s smile falters ever so slightly but he does take the seat. “It is also a social visit, Sherlock. Although I do admit I had no idea if you would want to see me.”
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & Mary Morstan; Mary Is Not Nice; Angst; Missing Scene; Post Episode: The Abominable Bride
The sound of rustling leaves startles him and he’s surprised to see Sherlock sauntering off from behind a bush.
The two men exchange a look, and Sherlock registers how exhausted John is.
Originally posted on
Now, though… Sherlock stands behind a kitchen chair and clenches his hands around the top rail. His grip is tight, knuckles white with the effort. He had just stepped out of the bathroom while John drank his evening cup of tea.
“Sherlock, you are way too worked up right now to be rational.” He receives a humourless bark of a laugh as a reply. Reluctant, Victor asks softly, “How are you feeling? Do you want something to relax? A drink?”
, and I am
Why would Sherlock accept being chewed up by a system that does not seem to care much for him?
He spiked their drinks because he wanted Sherlock. He wanted one last opportunity to tell him that… to tell him…
“Oh! It’s fine, it’s healing well. Thanks. Um, anyway, I just came by to say hi as it looks like you’re moving in. Good to have extra security!” Molly gives a nervous giggle.
In the end, it is not the end but a new beginning.
Worst of all, he doesn’t understand why he can’t just say to hell with the job and walk out. Greg is an old acquaintance, but it’s not like John and Greg were close mates back in the day, and even less so now. He is a good professional and would understand if John backed away from the job. It’s not a sense of duty to Greg that keeps John here. Why is he staying, then? He glances at Molly’s bandaged hand, a consequence of the explosion that was meant to hurt Sherlock; images of the threatening letters materialise in his mind. Sherlock who, despite all the commotion, is willing to push through it all because the work is all that matters to him.
John held up placating hands lest he’d fall into a new fit of laughter. “It’s fine, I got it.”
“… And your name tag states ‘John H. Watson, M.D.’”
John smiles. “I’ll leave that to you. Will just check the locks on the rest of the floor. Remember, I’ll be right–”
. Focus, John.” John makes a ‘carry on’ gesture, and so Sherlock continues, “What is relevant is that until now we had no way to link the attempts on my life to a particular person.”
. She had no intention to go there, but the words simply left her mouth. She knows it’s a low blow, unsure as she is about how the two men have worked through the turmoil that Sherlock’s return must have caused in their relationship. Sally braces herself for a scathing reply. To her surprise, Sherlock lowers his eyes to the carpet, visibly taken, and whispers, “I am aware of that, Sergeant.”
! We’re the only company that customises all dimensions: length, size, girth, colour. You want it, we got it. If we don’t have it, we’ll make it!”
Originally posted on
“Don’t worry, the IQ of the screeching masses will go up as soon as you join them,” John quips back.
Mycroft lifts his eyes from his mobile, raises an eyebrow, and greets John flatly, “A pleasure to meet you,
“Sherlock, run!”
. “I’m very capable of looking after myself.”
, stupid,
“Yeah, let’s hope it won’t ever be necessary again.”
. “We need to get you out of here.” He retrieves the mobile from his back pocket to call Molly but the network signal is iffy. He turns to the house and shouts instead, “Molly! Molly!”
And with these words, John’s heart breaks, tiny small shards cutting him bloody inside. “I’m–– scared, Sherlock.”
John tightens his arms around Sherlock, a lump in his throat.
Molly tilts her head and asks with curiosity, “Why did you introduce yourself as Edison?”
John would physically restrain Sherlock if necessary (it isn’t) but just the fact that John is sitting here, keeping him company, caring for him,
Sherlock closes the door behind him and flicks the light switch. He releases a long exhale of relief as the warm glow from the uplight chandelier floods his flat. It’s a purge of accumulated tension and, to his surprise, of a layer of bewilderment that is clinging to his skin.
His inbox is well-filled these days, so he takes his time to browse through potential clients. John is used to Sherlock’s short comments as he hops from e-mail to e-mail, usually dismissing most of them with ‘boring’, ‘inane’, ‘oh for the love of god’ and other more or less caustic remarks as he stabs his thumb on the delete button.
Mrs Hudson is momentarily confused but accepts this new information without further questioning. “That’s right, dear, I’m the housekeeper.”
When I finally find my voice, it is to repeat these same words over and over again back at him, interrupting only to lay kisses on his face, his forehead, his lips. A year ago, I did the same, standing in this very room, when he told me these very words for the first time.
, Sherlock!” Ellie laughs. Sherlock gives her a sly look – the berk was having her on, after all. She looks around and points to the far wall with her chin. “Incident room?”
That same day, John moves into a small detached flat behind the mansion. The two-room flat comes with a basic kitchenette and a cosy bedroom; French doors face the inner patio and provide natural light to the living-room. It is not a very private location: John quickly assesses that, due to the French doors, what happens in his living-room will be visible from several angles, including from Sherlock’s flat and from Mycroft’s place, which is just on the other side of the patio. On the other hand, this means he can also survey the adjacent area – not much happening on the inner patio will escape his keen eye.
John knows this song. Late at night, when he’s done the evening rounds, he’s fallen into a habit of listening to Sherlock’s songs. He tells himself it’s to become better acquainted with his client.
Molly’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “Wha-at?”
John’s breath hitches. He keeps silent and drops his gaze to the tabletop, flicking it briefly up to Sherlock and down again. He catches a growing look of mortification on Sherlock’s face.
His feet take him almost unconsciously to the intended destination, and suddenly there it is: still shiny black, fine, polished granite with two engraved words:
Sherlock. How can John not strip off his doctor persona and worry about his friend?
John tries to not show how his heart is breaking over this confession, and against his better judgement – and private will – he asks, “Do you want to try to have that moment back? To fit
John is baffled. Here he is, his biggest dream literally falling on his lap, and he has no idea what to do with it. “Wh-what do you want to do about it?”
John dons his shirt and pulls up his trousers slowly, feeling like a right bastard.
John avoids flinching at Sherlock’s blunt words.
“I thought you carried your gun at all times.”
The kettle clicks off with the sound of roiling water. Standing in his kitchenette, John fills two mugs with the freshly boiled water and adds tea bags. He sets the mugs, milk and sugar on a tray slowly, methodically – his attention is split between the faint rustling sounds floating from the living-room as Sherlock roams John’s accommodations with an inspecting eye, and this evening’s events.
“Finally, a doctor shows up. A ‘Dr Johnstone’ or something. He…” Sherlock trails off. He clasps his hands hanging between his knees, tries to find words to continue. “He told me the blood work was good, and the urine sample showed markers for light infection, which is not uncommon if this is all caused by a kidney stone. Told me I was reacting well to NSAIDs and that if necessary there would be a follow-up CT scan. Then asked me if I had any further questions before discharge.”
, John!” Sherlock throws his hands up in clear disgust. “I thought better of her.”
might not be the word, under the circumstances, but relieved to be here with you.”
“Thought so too. How about you, Irene, dear?” The question comes out as a sarcastic purr.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & Greg Lestrade; Sherlock Holmes & John Watson; Johnlock; gratuitous abuse of present continuous
, he reminds himself. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do. I am concerned about you, and want you to feel better soon, that’s all. I imagine it’s not all that fun to have pain all the time.” He pauses, but there’s still no reply. The silence is dense, a barrier stronger than the flimsy door. “Just… please, just let me know if you need anything, alright? We can monitor you at home. Maybe the stone will pass soon.”
Silence follows, Mycroft’s reply working through Sherlock’s internal gears, settling itself in Sherlock’s heart chambers. Sentimental, yes, but the problem cannot be rationalised into a scientific method. Sherlock had assumed John was only after a fling, when in fact he had no data to support his theory – a capital mistake. John is, in fact, fearless in all his acts except the ones that put his heart in someone else’s hands.
Sherlock’s heart is thudding so hard he is sure he sees John’s hand pulsate in tandem with the systole-diastole twin beat. His throat constricts and thickens. He aims for nonchalance. “The bullet scar is there, obviously, but there’s very little residual pain from the wound.” He fails miserably.
“Thank you. I’m glad you liked it,” and then, after a moment’s hesitation, “it’s… nice to have some company, for a change.”
“–and the letters with graphic details about how he wants to kill Sherlock didn’t cue you in? Amazing.” John is obviously still furious at Mycroft, and his prattle is starting to distract Sherlock. Or no, not quite distract–
John groans awake, rubs his eyes and looks up. “Sherlock?”
Moonlight flashes on the steel of a sharp blade.
Sherlock is dimly aware he too is making incoherent sounds, but can’t for the life of him care about it right now, not when he is under John Watson’s spell. Sweat beads on their bodies, and Sherlock loses himself in the sensation of slick and warm skin, John’s movements spreading dampness between their trapped thighs and groins. The duvet they did not care to pull back is smooth and downy against his back; the bedroom is filled with their heavy breaths, the rhythmic creaking of a loose spring in the mattress, the rasp of skin on skin, lewd moans and shuddery
“I know.”
John fetches a glass of water from the kitchen and gives it to Mycroft, who accepts the drink with a grateful ‘thank you.’ After he takes a few gulps and a deep breath, he lifts his eyes to his John. “I was an idiot last night.”
Or… were they? Something catches her eye to her right, and a quick glance reveals a wall plastered with photos, maps, hand-written notes.
“She climbed up to the roof,” he declares, standing to full height. “The weather has been mild enough to deposit a layer of dust and fine sand on the windowsill. Here and here, though,” he points to two different spots, “there are marks of shoes. Dust is eloquent.”
John had punched an innocent wall (
Something has changed, hasn’t it? She can’t quite bring herself to hate Sherlock as she did before he disappeared. Since the moment they collected Moriarty’s body from the rooftop of Barts, a small nugget of something suspiciously feeling like guilt had planted itself inside her. At that point, she was still convinced Sherlock had been a fraud, and his suicide had simply confirmed it — she had supposed he wasn’t quite totally immune to emotions, not having been able to cope with his own guilt.
They have hardly spoken since the food arrived.
John looks at Sherlock’s reflection. Their eyes meet in the mirror but instead of the alert, quizzical look they exchanged in the car, there is a hint of mirth and playfulness from Sherlock. John tries to collect himself.
In a way, this job is a blessing – he had a good excuse to escape London two days earlier to work on the hotel’s security. Not without a twinge of jealousy, John had left Sherlock’s well-being in Irene’s admittedly capable hands.
John is shaking his head with a chuckle. “Not on a case, you nutter. Just for
Originally posted on
Thankfully, John knows exactly what to say.
And so, John waits. He sits and listens to Sherlock going through agitated pieces that later mellow into sad adagios and requiems. A good twenty minutes later, Sherlock sets his violin down in its case, walks in silence to the kitchen and puts the kettle on.
.” Sherlock scrunches his nose as if the word tastes acrid. “I’m not going to have
“Come here, you beautiful man.” John rolled himself over Sherlock, kissing down his neck and up again, along his jaw, stilling while hovering over his lips. He paused a moment longer, gazing into Sherlock’s eyes thoughtfully. “No worries, we still have time.”
Sherlock feels very tired all of a sudden, bone-weary and listless. He could swear he wouldn’t even have the energy to lift the now empty mug of tea from the mosaic-clad table. He watches as the colourful pattern acquires a golden hue from the sunset, rubs a finger on a stain. It doesn’t come off. It’s part of the pattern now, there forever until the table is no more. He lifts his hand to examine his nails and cuticles, dry and dirty and damaged from his daily chores.
John wants to rip Sherlock out of his cocoon, the one he built thread by thread, wrapping himself against the emotional turmoil thrown at him by the day’s events.
. Can’t he
Lars Gustafsson,
“Well, I will retire now,” Mycroft announces, standing up. “Do try to not break the crystal, you know how Mrs Hudson frets.”
secret, the one that broke hearts but saved lives.
at seventy miles per hour wasn’t going to do much for Sherlock but the whole day had been
As if in a dream, Sherlock feels his hands wrapping around John’s shoulders and pulling their bodies closer. He bridges the small distance between them and presses his lips to John’s.
John senses this is no time for questions. Instead, he rearranges limbs to the best of his abilities, shuffles so he’s sitting on the cold, hard floor, and hugs Sherlock, lays Sherlock’s head onto his shoulder, and allows him to weep. John rubs one comforting hand between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and the other through his curls. He is lost, unable to do more for his friend until he calms down and explains what caused this state of bereavement.
much fun! Time to play, Johnny boy.”
Why not?
Sarah’s alarmed voice cuts through his train of disconnected thoughts. What was that she had asked him? If he could feel this?
“’Course, Sherlock. Of course, I will come with you.”
Thanks Sherlock, that’s, well, I don’t know what to say. Rather sweet of you.
“Yes, although he would prefer to call himself a performer.” Greg clears his throat. “Anyway, I’m his manager.”
. He gets annoyed with himself for treating the vivacious piece so carelessly, and stops altogether. He releases the tension on the bow, puts the instrument back in its silk-lined case, and walks up to one of the two windows that face the backyard.
Because it
All hatred John had for The Woman dissipated in a breath when learning of her death from Mycroft. How can anyone hate a dead woman? Yet, John cannot completely relinquish his loathing for Irene Adler.
“I called to check on Rosie before dinner; she’ll be fine until tomorrow. You think the road will be clear by then?”
I also want to thank you all so much for the enthusiastic reception to this story so far - I hope you continue to enjoy it!
of confidence. And he hates distractions. For him, the Work is everything. At the rate he’s receiving threats, I’m afraid it would distract him too much. He wouldn’t be scared, I don’t think – he’d be
John turns to Sherlock and gently nudges him. Sherlock sits up straight, bewildered and hesitant to move. They exchange a long look, and John can’t help a warm wave of fondness washing over him. He breaks eye contact to get out; Molly is already on her feet, opening the door on Sherlock’s side and extending him a helping hand. Sherlock takes it, steps closer to Molly and kisses her cheek. “Thank you, Molly Hooper.”
Greg’s interlocutor answers after the first ring. “Yeah, I’m upstairs…no, I’m talking to John Watson…yes, he’s still here, Victor,” Greg rolls his eyes, “I’m showing him the emails…look, you know we need him, Victor, we’ve been through this…you know what, I’ll tell him about the bedroom incident…he’s not going to rat us out, don’t be ridiculous…yeah, alright, we’ll meet downstairs.” Greg finishes the call and sighs.
from John?
John should’ve been shocked by Sherlock’s gun-play but he hadn’t even flinched.
Their positions make John feel vulnerable. He needs to get the upper hand, to take control of the situation before it spirals out. He doesn’t want to hurt Sherlock’s feelings but he knows he must trace a clear boundary.
Sherlock sits upright in his chair. “I suppose… I would have to try that other alternative method.”
Originally posted on
, the tears that track down his face — shatters something inside Sally. “That would not make you a sociopath. Quite the contrary, I think.” She softens her voice now, afraid that Sherlock will break apart in this foreign room, surrounded by police tape and ghosts.
The drive is miserable. Molly takes them to London, Sherlock sitting in the back, cornered against the door, eyes glued to the screen of his mobile, wrapped in his dark coat as if it were impenetrable armour. John sits next to him, his trembling left hand out of sight, fingers drumming nervously on a knee, clearing his throat now and then as if to say something. But this is not the time or the place, and maybe there will never be such a thing again. He feels he must bridge the chasm, forty centimetres of car seat and light-years of silence, but Sherlock’s body language screams a resounding ‘no,’ and John lets it all slip away.
“What happened?”
Sherlock does not reply but regards him coolly. While Victor sings a
“No idea. Maybe too many herbal soothers?”
Sherlock holds Mycroft’s gaze and the realisation of what he is saying swirls inside him. It is not like Mycroft to show his hand so easily – perhaps his defences are down due to injury and medication.
“Mycroft. We need to adjust the plan.”
“At least let me show you something before you leave? Some of the things Sherlock’s been receiving.”
“Do you have any idea of the consequences of your actions?” She is not going to get talked at like that by this insolent berk, that’s for sure!
“I saw you watching my video.”
Sherlock helps John up from the chair and leads him down the hall to his bedroom, makes him sit on Sherlock’s bed. Sherlock helps him out of his shoes, then of his jeans and jumper, lifts an inviting corner of the duvet. John lies down with a groan of pain, then another of relief.
Sherlock snaps his head up and John sees rage in his eyes. He braces himself for a Sherlockian tirade against the futility of the medical establishment and the incompetence of all his colleagues and the idiocy of the world at large. He’s taken aback by the actual answer:
“Didn’t want the scandal, that’s all. Anything on your mind?”
“I said,
John sighs.
What is this gap Sherlock is waiting for to fill?
, and they are trapped in a cottage with closing walls and living ghosts. The little girl is still crabby after her nap, picks up on the grown-ups’ unease, whines all the way through supper, refuses every book John attempts to read her, falls asleep with big, fat tears drying on her chubby cheeks.
Sherlock reads again and again, burns the words into the recesses of his mind, into the ventricular walls of his heart, lets them run from aorta to capillaries, weaves them into the fabric of his existence.
John made up his mind there and then. He stepped forward, and lifted a hand to Sherlock’s cheek, tracing a tear track with his thumb. Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise, but then…
‘Sherlock Holmes’.
“John Watson, it really is you!” he barks with a laugh.
John is waiting outside the imaging services when Sherlock leaves the CT scan room, almost sprinting while holding a small plastic bag in his hand. He looks positively
In this case, John is pretty sure Sherlock simply wants to be outside his body. The whole time, Sherlock has been showing signs of still being in pain, with frequent visits to the loo and general restlessness. He goes for walks and paces nervously around the flat, shoulders tense and brow furrowed.
I’m posting this from my iPad - apologies if some formatting is wonky, I’ll fix eventual issues when I get access to my computer again.
He combs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, disentangles a few matted curls. Sherlock closes his eyes and burrows under the duvet and into the mattress. When John finally replies, convinced that Sherlock has fallen asleep, it’s in the same whispered tone. “I know why.”
John divests himself from his jacket, clumsy due to Sherlock’s slumped body at his side, and throws it around the exhausted man. Sherlock is curled onto John, his hands in a fierce grip on John’s arm, eyes firmly closed. Despite the tense posture, John feels him relaxing bit by bit as the car rolls smoothly out of central London and towards East Dulwich. John holds Sherlock tightly for the entire trip, feels his heartbeat coming down to resting levels, his breathing evening out. Sherlock shifts with a sigh and nudges his nose into John’s neck. The gesture is so intimate it sends a shiver down John’s spine, but he tries to be as still as possible, be Sherlock’s point of reassurance, the harbour welcoming him back after the stormy sea.
“–is it really that difficult to interpret that line as ‘I am homosexual’?
nights in. I want
“How can you possibly know that?”
“Do you have any idea what this will do to John Watson?”
John jumps off the sofa and grips Sherlock’s arm to stop him from finding another missile, but Sherlock twists to release himself from John’s grasp and turns around to face him. “How am I
The blur fades into the dark quiet of the night.
The bleak June day insists on withholding sunshine in favour of an unseasonable chilly drizzle, dulling down the bright colours of Spring.
But it’s like comparing a torch to the midday sun.
, but a very shiny metallic outfit consisting of a cropped top and impossibly tight shorts over fishnet tights. How John had not noticed Sherlock had changed to leather flat dance shoes, he doesn’t know. The ensemble could have looked cheap, but not on Sherlock’s elegant, lean body, well-defined muscles moving under the elastic cloth. Outer clothes abandoned on the floor, he bounces around the stage with eased practice as he starts singing:
“Better miserable than
He is caught in the storm that is Sherlock Holmes, and he does not want to take shelter.
Sherlock seems to accept this. “Hm, quite right. At least it can’t get any worse.”
He slides his fingertips oh so gently over the screen.
The first consequence is Irene bolting through his flat with murder in her eyes.
John looks at him with a softening expression and his beautiful crooked smile and gives him a gentle squeeze on the wrist.
John closes his eyes, but it does not help. Nothing helps. He opens them again, sees the empty armchair in front of him. Resists the urge to touch it.
Sitting at the dressing table, Sherlock takes a deep breath. The appearance at the Mayan is a bit of a last minute arrangement, a surprise show to hype up his latest video and hopefully catch the eyes (and ears) of the incoming award season. It had been Victor’s idea, probably relishing how much he would piss off Watson with an unannounced outing.
Except that you’re fibbing. Aren’t you? What did you do to the flat?
Sherlock’s door opens, and he hurries out. “Mrs Hudson? Everything alright?”
“How many? How many threats have there been? What type, what format, who’s been sending them, I need
“Sherlock, which one of us is the medical doctor here?” John chides not without gentleness. Sherlock is not feverish, but… “It could be if there’s, for example, a kidney infection. You should do some blood work sooner rather than later.”
John clears his throat and shuts off the heat on the sauce. He has another pot to stir now.
John shakes his hand. The music and choreography stop and applause explodes from all over the room. The director barks orders for a playback of the last seconds on a huge flat screen; everybody’s attention is now on the screen, the dancers clapping and jumping in excitement.
“Victor has no jurisdiction on my staff. You stay.” Sherlock gives him a small nod and walks off, decisive and all business. John stares at his back, wishing he’d find the words to say anything of importance.
John realises he has been quiet for a moment too long, lost in swirling memories. “It’s fine. Just something I don’t like to talk about. Sugar?”
“John. I am not dead.” Sherlock’s voice is low and soothing, unwilling to break the peace around them.
, his brain provides – potted in a pretty green vase but definitely overwatered. A useless fact that still finds its way to his mind.
“But it’s not me you want.” Mycroft drops his hands, and to John’s continued surprise, his face loses the softness of the kiss and becomes angry. “I’m surprised, John. An efficient man like you. Why stop at one brother when you can fuck both? Or is it just the boss who is interesting enough for you?” Mycroft tries to turn away but John stops him with a firm hold on his arm.
“Just a jog around the place. Or is that not allowed according to your security rules?” Sherlock raises an eyebrow but there’s enough lightness in his question for John to understand he isn’t being sarcastic. And John gets it. Images of Sherlock collapsed onto his shoulder in the back of the limo, huddled and fragile, float into his awareness.
