"Dean you do know him okay, so just start somewhere." taking her advice Dean looks around this time actually taking the shops in until his eyes fall on a little bookshop. Like Sam, Cas was always reading, he remembers how he didn't sneer at Dean's love of comics. Asking instead if he could borrow some.
"What! No, Dean, this place is so majestic, thank you for showing it to me," Cas reached for him, pulling him up until he was seated on the bench. "It's a sanctuary it just made me realize how much I miss my own."
How had being abandoned led to this? Well, that was easy, Meg had been the poster child for Daddy's little girl. Only they never showed what happened when your father found out he wasn't your father.
"Are you serious?" Cas asked watching bafflingly as Meg shrugged her shoulders. "Not till eleven, I'm sure you can go make some chaos with your new friends."
"Gabriel, please stop calling me that! It's Castiel or Cas," oh shit Dean knew that tone having had it directed his way more times than he could count.
Before anyone can accuse him of not pulling his weight he joins Cas and Sam, grabbing a yellow plant (Solar Flare Prairieblues) from its spot to dig a new home for it, they continue like this for the next hour. Cas advising and offering the names of the plants along the way: Dean finds himself liking what Henry picked out and the names are pretty cool. Their garden now hosts to such things like Adam's Needle, Sweet Sultans, Angelface Blue and Bunny Tails.
"Hey, happy birthday." she greeted crouching down to speak to Henry. "I must say you've got great taste kid, you picked out some really awesome plants." Henry blushed under the praise as he offered to show her his daisies.
“No trouble, we got ice cream and had a good old gossip!” remarked Jo which got Henry laughing, it was a tad worrisome. “Right my Man until next time stay cool, bye guys.”
"Possibly, Cas said it's good to talk to plants and I have been, but I thought it might want company from another plant. Something yellow or orange."
Finally approaching he felt too weird to speak, so he nodded and caught some eyes before parking himself next to Ash. A few minutes pass leaving Dean none the wiser, he was about to ask when he noticed everyone sending furtive glances at Gabriel's plate, soon the crunchy sound of vegetables broke the silence.
"Sam, I do not want to know about anything like that, ever. I'll just show Mom and maybe Dad." Dean shrugged off the cold shiver fighting it's way up his body, fucking Gabriel.
"Great, be sure to introduce yourselves to Kevin too, he'll be helping out in the office." he points him out just as Gadreel had done. "Also there's going to be a taste test later, Cas brought along his own burgers."
“Thank you,” Cas said as he held the jacket out offering it to Dean, who took a step closer. He then took another, followed by a third until he was close enough to grab the jacket from Cas’s hand, and pull it around his own shoulders. The inside still warm from Cas, heat flaring across Dean’s arms, welcoming, and kind, with the faintest smell of Cas’s cologne.
“How about you go to your room, and then you can tell me about your icecream in a few minutes, okay bee?”
Dean’s eyes widened and Claire didn’t look away, holding his gaze with her jaw clenched and chin tilted up. She hoped it hurt. She wanted it to hurt so bad.
Slowly Dean looked up to the other, a small breath parting his lips. Seconds ticked on, neither of them even moving, never mind speaking. Where was he even supposed to start? I had a fun night. Did you have fun cheating on your boyfriend?
He moved the bag of flour onto the stove top, before opening the bag of sugar and baking powder. From there it became a guessing game, Sam pouring in the ingredients, attempting to get what he could remember from the recipe. A lot of flour, a dash of sugar, baking powder, more sugar, some vanilla, and more sugar.
A shaken breath filled Dean’s lungs, as he stopped in place, just able to meet his brother’s gaze through his blurred vision. His lips parted, and for a moment as tears began rolling down his cheeks, the words seemed stuck.
Slowly Dean pulled his phone from his pocket. Every inch of his body begging him not to as he opened his contacts, though he had no other choice.
“Yes, I agree the time limit is a little iffy, but it’s all I could get from them,” Crowley explained, though Dean barely listened as he could feel the cocaine wear off as it was bound to do. Slowly the high he felt became a crushing feeling in his stomach as if he’d been holding the world on his shoulders. He slowly slid down the wall, no longer having the energy to stand. “Lee will be writing half the songs, I'm sure you can do the other half?.”
“We’re learning about protists,” Castiel replied, in a low monotone voice. Dean looked up raising an eyebrow at the other who still looked down. “They aren't bacteria.”
“Awesome,” Dean couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face, or the lightness to his tone. “Okay, cool, umm-” He took a deep breath, trying to stop his grin, though with little success. “You pack, talk with Jack. i’m goin’ t’grab my stuff, I’ll be right back, okay?”
She isn’t sure whether Cas told Dean or not about their fight, and she wasn’t sure which she prefered, but when she finally leaves her room that night for dinner, nothing seems to change. Dean still attempts to coax conversation out of her while Jack plays moderatore, making sure nothing becomes too tense. Even at the end of the night when it’s only her and her dad left doing the dishes Cas doesn't mention anything.
“What the hell man,” Dean cried, though he made no attempt to pull his arm back. Instead stumbling behind, letting Lee lead him back to the stairwell and up the staircase.
A breath parted Dean’s lips before he gave the smallest shake of his head. “Just don’t go to my room.” Sam gave Dean a grim nod before he turned to open the drivers door, “I'll be back in three hours,” Dean stepped forward the slightest bit, “we could order pizza, and watch some movies, maybe.”
Dean locked his bedroom door before making his way to his bathroom, locking that door as well. He then turned the shower on, as powerful as it would go, before kneeling in front of the toilet, eyes on the clear water.
Dean didn’t reply, instead gripping the steering wheel tighter. He hated the way Lee said Cas. Slow and drawn out, the same way he’d ask Dean about his latest hookup.
“I'm not a kid.” Despite his defensive words, it felt good to have Dean teasing him, it felt normal, that's how it was supposed to be. Dean teased, Sam teased back, they didn’t fight, they were brother’s.
“Cause as far as I’m concerned.” There was a pause, only a bit of shuffling heard through the line. “Your yesterday break down is the tabloids new favourite topic.”
“Have you been meeting with your tutor? writing the notes? Reading the practise I give you?” He looks back to his essay, the paper shaking slightly in his hands. “Dean, I know you struggle with english but unless you put the effort in it isn’t going to be easier.” Rowena pauses. “You aren’t even showing up half the time.”
He raised his elbow, allowing another breath to part his lips, before with as much force as he could muster Dean brought his elbow onto the window, the glass immediately shattering around him. Within seconds Dean was hoisting himself through the frame, the glass crunching under his feet as he dropped into the kitchen, a kitchen that Dean couldn’t help but glance across in amazement, lips parted as he stared at the marble counters, the far wall covered in floor length windows that allowed the afternoon sunlight to fall in. In the center of the room a kitchen island was placed, the marble countertop decorated with a large bowl of fruit, the kind Dean the kind Dean would see on tv, bananas a vibrant shade of yellow, while each apple shined perfectly, almost too perfect to be true.
A shuffling of papers filled the silence, as Billie picked a clean one up from her pile, handing it over to Dean followed by a pen. “I want you to make a list of people you can talk to when things get bad.”
Claire pressed her lips together. How long would it take for him to realize that she didn’t want to talk, or that she didn’t even like him. A week? A month? She didn’t think she could handle another hour of his constant talking.
“Writing my monthly report to my douchebag probation officer,” Dean mumbled, not looking up from the computer. “The jackass still won’t let me go to LA. He’s lucky I can’t own a gun.”
“Well they don’t need to know that,” Zachariah, closed his laptop folding his hands on top of it. “I’ve emailed you questions similar to the ones they may ask and how I want you to respond, read through them when you get home.”
Before Cas could continue he was being cut off by Dean's phone, Ramble On blaring through the bedroom. "Shit," Dean mumbled, as he pulled his phone from his jacket pocket. "Sorry Cas, this'll just take a sec."
The girl stoned to stare at Dean, as if shocked that he’d defend himself, instead of openly talking about his arrest. “I’m sor- i’m sorry.”
No, he wasn't addicted, Sam was being paranoid. Making a bigger deal out of things like he always had.
Cas crouched down somehow managing to pick up his screaming son with his just one arm, and hold him against his hip. "I'm so sorry Dean," Cas repeated, though this time he was looking at Jack, bouncing him lightly, though it did nothing to sooth Jack's sobs.
"Cas," Dean said as he walked back into the bedroom. He wore nothing but one of Cas's white towels around his waist, the sweat no longer glistening his skin but instead beads of water; beads of water that left strands of his hair stuck to his forehead, and dripped down his toned chest.
Dean lent forward as Sam buried his face into his hands, "Hey Sammy, hey." Dean rubbed a hand across his brothers shoulder, trying in any way to comfort him. "That's why I'm here, and I'll be here for as long as you need me."
Even now the cravings were still there, the racing of his heart, skin burning so hot he might as well have been lit on fire. And the distant thought that just maybe if he were to open the car door, as they raced through the LA streets, things would be over, and everything would be okay.
There was a pause in conversation, Sam pushing his hair behind his ears while Dean waited for a further explanation. “It’s none of our business? Cas’s our friend!” Dean cried. “Of course it's our business! Is that how Cas broke his arm?”
Dean’s fists clenched, teeth gritting as he continued to walk forward, footsteps heavy, beating through the silent night. He hoped Sonny could hear them, he hoped that other knew how pissed he was. How much he fuckin’ hated the town, and the fuckin’ school, and every fucking thing that had happened since he’d goten into that fight.
Put it down, that had been his plan. Shove it into his bedside drawer where it would stay until Lee came by and he could give it to his friend.
Cas’s confused expression didn’t falter as he looked at the other. They were close enough that Dean could see Castiel’s blue eyes, the colour seeming even more vibrant against the man’s pale skin. “You are an awful teacher.” Cas finally said.
They were greeted with a wide smile and a tight hug each that Claire may have held onto a bit longer than normal, before Chuck offered tea and they both accepted. They then made they’re way into the living where Jack took a seat on the one couch while Claire remained standing instead studying the photos that lined the fireplace.
Dean didn’t look to the other as he painted, able to hear Cas strat on a different wall. He didn’t think he could, his heart hammering too hard, body tense, mind clouded with possibilities. They’d left New York about two weeks ago, Logan called sometime then.
Before anyone, mainly Sam, could argue Dean turned, pushing his way through the crowd and to the nearest bathroom he could find. He stumbled into one of the stalls, slamming the door shut, aand double checking that he had locked it before he leant back against the door, letting out a shaky breath.
It had torn the breath from Dean’s lungs, the heartbreak soon replacing it as Cas’s screams had become choked sobs. The kind so similar to Dean’s own after he’d returned from hell, endlessly filled with pain, as if you were drowning in it, unable to feel anything else. So desperate for even a moment of relief. So broken it could barely be considered human.
He had been wrong, Dean did have a good behaviour, a much better behaviour then himself. He was charming with the guests, kind and talkative, seeming more than happy to discusse their engagement, or the wedding plans; it got to the point that even Cas started to wonder if Dean was actually excited about the wedding.
Second off this is going to be the last chapter for a week. It’s been a hard week, I’ve been pretty sad, and I really don’t know why, and this story ain’t helping it. (If you have Yet to notice it isn’t the happiest). It’s also kinda making me anxious cause I’m feeling like the chapters aren’t good any more and yah so I’m taking a break. I’m also spending the weekend spreading my aunt and uncles ashes which isn’t
His eyes fluttered open, meeting the white ceiling above, the light falling from the windows burning against his vision. Slowly Dean sat up, each muscle, specifically everything below his waist, throbbing in pain, something that only worsened as he shifted, swinging his legs over the edge
“Really?” Dean asked, voice raised in a fake interest as he received an excited nod from Jack. “Well I think next year Santa would like some pie instead.”
“Dean,” Cas repeats, though Dean doesn’t look up. “Why didn’t you tell me you’d gotten your essay back?”
Dean looked to Cas, the smile still on his own face. The machine's bright lighting had casted shadows across Castiel's, just illuminating his bright eyes, and his slightly parted lips. They were close, not as close they usually stood but close enough that with two more steps forward and they’re chests would touch, or even without moving he could reach his arm out.
He had a small roll of money buried in his duffle bag, twenty dollars at minimum, forty at most. It would be enough to buy him bus tickets for at least half way. Between begging and stealing he’d be able to make it the rest of the way, and hopefully not starve.
“This isn’t about you,” Sam snapped back a low voice. Low enough that Dean hoped Cas wouldn’t be able to hear either of them. “This isn’t about Logan either, it’s about Cas, do you get that?”
“Could you please behave yourself for the meeting,” Crowley asked. The frustration was clear in his voice, and Dean didn’t need to look to know the way his hands would be gripping the steering wheel, knuckles almost white. “And do whatever Zachariah has planned without argument?”
He could hear the screams to his right, just over the hammering of his own heart. He was going to die, maybe he was dying, Dean wasn’t sure.
Castiel hated the painting, he always had, yet now it was the only thing he could bring himself to look at. Not his father who stood in front of him, not the other king who stood a few feet to the right of Chuck, and especially not Dean Winchester. He refused to look at Dean Winchester who was sat at the other end of the plush couch.
Balthazar looked up with a wide eyed expression, pen that made a smile spread across Dean’s face. “Do I look like a fag to you?”
Cas didn’t reply, instead placing Jack on his bed before he sat next to Dean, the silence continuing on, not that Dean minded. He had nothing to say, no way to fix Cas’s problems, or even give some kind of reassurance.
Dean could feel his heart drop, as Cas’s features faltered for a moment. Falling in a way that Dean couldn't quite explain, maybe grief, exhaustion, though it was only momentarily before Cas had his lips pressed in a tight line, whatever distress that had once been there gone. “Jack you can have the elephant.”
He could hear a laugh through the phone, though not even the smallest smile tugged at Dean’s lips. Instead he took a deep breath, his lungs filling with the chilled LA air.
Dean let a breath apart his lips, he could feel the tension. The way Cas stood stiff, voice monotone. Dean’s own defensive posture, and slightly hostile tone.
The child pushed his chair out, hoping off it and immediately running away, back into his room, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
Once Cas was looking fairly okay, she brought a heart monitor over, attaching the one end to Cas’s finger, while she wrapped the band around his upper arm.
Dean’s eyes darted across the muggy black sky. He could feel the energy coursing through his skin, electric and hot, seemingly endless. It made him want to move, to talk, and dance, and sing, and be alive, though something about the heroine's warmth kept him still, staring up at the sky.
Dean slowly pushed open the passenger seat, shakinly getting out. His group stayed tight on the door, as he stood, making sure he could without completely crumbling from the exhaustion. He wanted to kill himself, the depression he felt so strong he might as well have been shot in the chest. Once he was sure he could stand, Dean shoved the door closed, moving his hands to adjust his sunglasses as he walked around the van and to everyone else who had already gotten out.
Dean’s own jaw clenched as he turned back to Charlie, who unlike the rest of the teachers made no attempt to hide her staring. “You’re right,” Charlie hummed tone higher than normal, “you guys are totally fine.”
“At least twenty three times, and it’s only been a week.” Sam replied, “when was the last time you’ve seen him?”
They’d practised for hours the night before then multiple times earlier that day though still Cas felt as if each movement was forced, hesitant. His hand sticky against Dean’s rough one, his legs still shaking, threatening to collapse.
"Me?" That was the only word Dean could speak, and even then it didn't come out as much more than a whisper. "Are you sure Sammy, I can call dad."
“Wow, that’s a pretty awesome rock,” Dean said, looking from the rock Jack continued to stare at and to the child. “Grab it so we ca-”
Dean stared at Sam, waiting for his brother to show the same anger that he felt. “I heard them fighting,” he explained, though Sam’s expression didn’t change, only holding the same exhaustion. Dean grit his teeth. “Ellie said it happens a lot.”
Dean pushed through the crowd without a care of who he hurt or what he broke. Even he knew better than to stop and talk. One comment, and suddenly his whole weekend would be filled, cleaning up rumors the paparazzi had made, and listening to Crolwy's screams. "DEAN!" He lifted his arms both carrying large duffle bags, the crowd of paparazzi parted, though they continued to shove microphones and cameras into his face, until he had stumbled into the apartment lobby.
It was the kids first day back to school and all Dean wished was to be anywhere else, preferably passed out on Sam’s couch, but in the middle of the school's crowded halls. Pushing past children and frantic parents as he followed his brother, and the kids down various halls, at first going upstairs before they realized they’d gone the wrong way. As they managed to get back down the stairs, and walked back down the hall they’d just come from, Dean decided being passed out on Lee’s law, something that always led to being awoken by sprinklers, would’ve been better than roaming down the musty halls. A faint smell, similar to a chuck e cheese, hung in the air. Finally after turning down another hall they came to a stop in front of Ellie’s classroom.
There was silence as neither spoke, Castiel watching Dean, and Dean watching the mirror, to focused on trying to steady his hands. Some days he could manage, but today, today was bad, there was no controlling it and the shaking was far from subtle. "May I help you?" Cas asked.
After letting go of Dean’s had the child tugged at Castiel’s trench coat, forcing his father to crouch. He lent forward, whispering something into Castiel’s ear that Dean couldn’t quite make out. “I don’t know bee,” Castiel replied to his son. He looked back up to Dean, the kind of smile across his face that sent Dean’s heart spiralling. “You should ask Dean yourself.”
“I was going to say talk about our favourite dog breeds, but if your head’s that far in the gutter.”
One breath, that was all Cas was allowed before the music began and Dean was leading him across the dance floor. Another breath didn’t come, instead staying hitched in his throat.
Lastly!!! I start school this week, so updates are going to be different! Instead of Sunday I’ll be updating every Friday and Tuesday (let’s just pretend it’s Friday today)!
The rest of the drive was done in silence, until they pulled up to Castiel's apartment building, a tall expensive one at least triple the size of Dean’s own, when Sam pulled out his phone. “Shit,” he cried, sliding unlock, “I missed a call from work could you grab the book for me?”
Bobby was taken from his arms. Then he was alone. Numb standing in the middle of the room as if he had just been handed a bomb. Cas's arms were sooned wrapped around him, and though Dean didn't want them there, he couldn't find the energy to push Cas away.
“Dean.” He turned to Cas  who’d just gotten out of the passenger side, the other’s expression sat in worry, which Dean for once was thankful for. It was better than his emotionless stare that had taken over, through most of the car ride. “Are you alright?”
Dean looked back to the woman, his gaze resting on her worried expression,as he tried to find his voice. “I’m fine,” he finally mustered.
“Then you should have no problem with me going through it.” The guard didn’t as much say, but demand.
Deam gasped for a breath though it didn’t fill his lungs, “breathe Dean.” He could hear Cas’s voice from his right, though no matter how much he wanted to he couldn’t listen, drowning in the panic, the helpless feeling of death at his fingertips.
Dean didn’t reply, his gaze staying locked on the other. They were so close, they were always so close, though for once Dean finally looked away, and instead down to the ring on his finger. It was a shiny silver one, with a diamond in the centre, adn small ones lining the band. It was gorgeous, Dean couldn’t stop staring, or the smile that spread across his face.
I also promise that Was will be back in the next two chapters?? I think, and then after the next five chapters(?) he's in it a bunch!
“Dean,” Sam began as they started walking to the mall, Dean only humming in response “I’m going to bring John to a few stores to get him some clothing and some notebooks could you take Ellie?”
“So,” the word came out slow, not as casual as Dean had intended, though he had nothing else to say, just wanting out of the stiff atmosphere that had settled in the car, suffocating his breath. Had it been this hard to breathe before, Dean wasn’t sure. “I’ll see you at school?”
Dean’s own gaze dropped down the other, before landing back on Cas’s blue eyes, vibrant even in the dark, the other’s lips turned up in a small smile matching Dean’s own. God he was in love with that boy. “Yah,” Dean whispered. “Much better.”
Dean’s gaze stayed on Cas, watching tensely as the angel slowly crouched, and picked Dean up with ease. “I can walk,” Dean whispered, barely able to breath as Cas held him bridal style.
He didn’t know how the other stayed so calm, his own heart racing. Each beat ringing through his ears, making it impossible to focus on anything else, even the road in front.
With one hand still around the bottle, Dean used his other to pull out his phone, opening instagram to find Charlie’s account.
“Claire,” He said and she squeezed her eyes tighter. Hadn’t they talked enough. “How you and Dean’s relationship continues is your choice, and I love you no matter,” but, “but I want you to know; leaving you was the last thing Dean ever wanted to do.”
“Oh don’t pretend you fuckin’ liked him,” Dean spat. He turned back to his brother, who had a shocked expression across his face. “You name your fuckin’ son after him, and think that makes everything okay.”
psychogenic tremor is the most common of psychogenic movement disorders, it is rarely visible to the eye and typically involves a fine shaking of one or both hands and the fingers. Most who have been diagnosed will as well suffer from a psychiatric disorder such as depression or ptsd.
How long it would take before he could look to Castiel, and not feel the heartache of everything he'd lost.
Slowly he lifted his head from the wheel, putting the keys into the ignition and starting the car. He put the car into drive, pulling away from the curve, just as his phone began to buss from his pocket.
“You just gonna walk back?” Sonny called. Dean’s gaze darted to the truck that was now stopped in the middle of the street, the passenger’s window rolled down so Dean could just see Sonny’s face, casted by shadows. “It’s goin’ to take you at least an hour.”
Cas looked back, though as the sound of footsteps came, his gaze darted to the doorway, Dean’s following, landing on his brother. “Is everything alright?” Sam asked, as he stopped a few feet away from Dean.
That’s what humans would call the dull pain in Cas’s stomach, the way it twisted when Dean stepped away, or chose to sit on the other side of the cafe's booth. It hurt. It caused pain. It made him wonder what he had done wrong.
Dean took a step towards it, continuing to do so until he was next to it, and was able to see Ellie through the branches. The young girl having pressed herself in the small gap between the walls and tree.
“I said i’m fuckin fine,” Dean snaps no longer carring to keep his voice steady, he just needs to scream, to cry, for Cas to leave “I just don’t think things a fuckin workin’ anymore! Don’t you get it, I-” Before he can continue his angered rant, a low groan comes from Baby's engines as the car begins slowing down.
Dean did an awkward half shuffling half bouncing dance to Cas. He took the other’s hand in his own, pulling the other into the middle of the empty room, to dance with him. “Hey Satan, payin’ my dues.” When the other hadn't joined in on dancing Dean raised the hand that held Cas’s forcing him into an awkward spin, that ended up with Cas stepping on Dean’s toes. It didn't matter as the laugh that left Cas’s lips was music to Dean’s ears.
After giving Cas, what he hoped was, a reassuring smile, he took Jack's hand leading the child out of the bathroom.
Dean didn't stop, keeping his head forward, and a relaxed posture. She couldn't be talking to him, there were tons of others she could be talking to.
Also I know I say this pretty much in every not but thank you so much for reading and comment! This book has over 300 reads which is insane to me! So thank you so much! it means the absolute world!
He looks to his right, unable to stop a smile as he watches Cas finish reading, the sunlight that fell through the window warming his tanned skin. Beautiful. Add that to the list of Cas’s perfections. Kind. Thoughtful How did Dean get so lucky?
The familiar energy. The adrenaline, and happiness coursing through his veins, growing stronger with each beat of his heart. The distant ringing in his ears. Everything familiar, though with it a different feeling, a warmth that spread through his chest, and a hazy feeling to his head.
“What’s happening?” Ellie asked once they’d all taken a seat, the kids on either side of Sam while Dean sat one chair over from John. Her voice was shaking and as she talked she looked up at Sam with with wide eyes
The word was spoken over and over, though no matter how many times he gasped for a breath his lungs never filled enough to match his racing heart.
Please don’t sit with him, Dean begged silently as Meg said something to Charlie. Please don’t sit with him. Charlie said something back before grabbing Megs wrist and dragging her in their direction. Fuck.
“Dea-” Before he could hear what Charlie was going to say he turned around, coffee cup just starting to rise as he collided with someone else.
“You’re free to go,” the officer said, though Dean remained sitting, instead looking back to the officer's face. He didn’t want to leave, he wanted to sit there until hunger took over and he could die, he didn’t want to see his phone and the messages Sam may have left, he didn’t want to see the town he was alone in. Most of all he didn’t want to see Sonny and the anger that would lace his features, hear the screaming that he knew would come, the thought twisted Dean’s stomach, brought a lump to his throat that made breathing almost impossible.
He kept his hands running across Castiel’s back until the sound of footsteps filled the silence. Both men looking up at the sound, and to Jack who stood in the bathroom doorway.
“Oh?” Crolwey nodded slightly, though he didn’t seem fully convinced. “Anyways the record label got back to me, and they’re pissed-”
From his left he could hear Lee speak. Something about him going to reserve their spot for karaoke, though Dean didn’t reply, instead continuing to stare up, even as the sound of Lee’s footsteps grew distant.
The footsteps began again, becoming more distant, though it wasn’t until Cas could no longer hear John’s voice that he let out a shaken breath. Even then another few seconds passed before Dean pushed open the door and they stepped out.
That was the only thought that spiralled through his head, as he sat on the floor of the bunker. What could he have done different. Either way it didn't matter.
Castiel quickly stood up, his head turning at the sound of his name. He wore his usual trench coat, his pajamas just visible underneath, while his hair was messed, dark strands sticking up in odd places. Dean doubted he got much sleep either, Jack would’ve been on a sugar high all night.
The conversation died out after that and instead they filled up the car in silence, until Sam and the kids had gotten into the back and Lee was just about to open the drivers door. “I’m driving,” Dean said, getting the attention of his friend, who turned to face Dean. He grabbed the keys from Lee’s hands, and stepped towards the drivers door. “You’re baked.”
Dean didn’t reply, he couldn’t, instead locking his jaw, hoping to stop the tears that blurred his vision.
He should leave, he should get into his car and drive himself home, or off a cliff, he couldn’t trust himself next to Cas. He couldn’t trust himself not to break down every wall they’d been building up, to not see how far he could push their boundaries.
For a moment Dean’s lips parted and he thought the words would fall, help me, save me, I can’t do this anymore, though nothing came. Even if they’d known each other for a little over a week, he cared too much about her, he couldn’t bring himself to pile his problems onto especially since she had her own alcoholism she was battling.
Sam placed the plate of pizza and water in front of Dean before sitting in the stool next to him. “Good thing, i'm not here to give you one.” Dean glanced from his brother then down to the plate, “you should eat. It’ll help.”
"Oh-" he looked away quickly, forcing a smile across his face. A smile that he hoped was reassuring. "Yah?
If Benny hadn't been holding him back Dean would’ve pounded the man's head in until he'd seen red, until he’d let out every stress he’d face from the past days. Cas, the airport, Sam hating him, the record, everything. He’d pound th mans head in until he could no longer breath, but instead screaming and swearing would have to do as Benny practically carried him through the crowd, and into the black car.
“We can’t, Castiel maybe, but it doesn’t matter, physcological-” Sam hesitated for a second, seeming to be unable to continue. “Mental abuse cases are hard enough when you have therapy records, and even then courts rarely take them seriously, unless it’s involved in a custody battle, then you may get somewhere.”
“It’s been so long,” She greeted in her usual higher voice, the kind Dean imagined any perfect grandmother would have. Her whole persona suited it, the long coats she’d often wear, matched with a hat over her curled hair, a smile always rested across her bright red lips. Her pie, fuck Dean loved her pie. “When did you get back?”
Dean didn't reply, instead crossing his arms and twisting his body so he faced the door. It was childish but Dean didn’t take care, keeping the act up as Sam reversed, and began driving.
Another hesitation came from the other, before Sam gave a tight smile. “I’ll buy them if you think it’s a good idea.”
Another nod of his head. His lips part, a shaken breath filling his lungs, then exiting, staying that way until he’s sure he won’t cry. “I didn’t have enough time,” Dean whispers
It was the stereotypical kindergarten class. The walls filled with bright posters, and shelves with more toys than books.
He’d thought he’d spend the rest of his life staring at those eyes, though now, as they stared intensely back at Dean, they brought nothing but an uneasy feeling to his stomach.
Dean wasn’t sure how long it was until his breathing returned to somewhat normal, minutes maybe hours, though an uneasy feeling still rested in his stomach. His whole body aching between fight and fly. “I’m fine,” Dean mumbled, as his eyes fluttered opened, meeting Sam’s who was crouched in front of him. Despite his words Dean didn't stand, continuing to sit on the ground with his knees brought to his chest.
She’s even disappointed when Cas gets a call from the hospital asking him to come in for a night shift cutting their day short. Though that doesn’t stop her from humming to Dean’s music as everyone else sang along, or agreeing to ice cream when Dean offered, or for once letting herself enjoy the man’s company.
“No he isn’t he just says he is but I can tell, I can see it in his eyes. Those fuckin’ blue eyes, with his fuckin’ lips, and fuckin’ sex hair, and fcukin’ blue eyes.” Dean paused, looking up to his brother, “wanna know somethin?” Dean asked making no attempt to hide the smile that spread across his face.
A shallow breath parted his lips, before Dean turned the engine on, and pulled  away from the side of the curve. The feeling in his chest never easing through the short drive to his own house.
Dean’s feet suddenly stopped, heart dropping in chest as he finally turned back to Sam who had also stopped. “You did what,” Dean spat, voice as harsh as he could muster while speaking low enough that Jack wouldn’t hear. He glared up to Sam as the other’s lips parted, though before Sam could reply Dean was speaking again. “You can’t be doin’ that shit, you aren’t a fuckin’ kid anymore.”
Zachariah didn’t look away from Dean, leaving an uneasy feeling in his stomach. “You said it was a panic attack?” Dean nodded. “And that you’ve been having them frequently,” another hesitated nod that made Zachariah finally look to Crowley. “Then I think we get him anxiety medication.”
“What?” Dean’s gaze darted across the other's features, surely disbelief across his own. He waited for a laugh, for another argument from the other, anything, though as the seconds ticked on nothing came. “Really?”
“Well you could start.” Dean didn’t reply, Sam’s gaze staying locked on his brother as Dean’s dropped. “Does Lee know about dad?”
Dean brought one bag over his shoulder, keeping the other at his side. “You’re making a big deal out of nothing.”
Dean’s eyes opened, meeting Sam’s. His usual pale skin was now rimmed in red, eyes hazy from unfallen tears, though a smirk tugged at his lips. “Luckily I hadn't gotten to the taking off the underwear part, or you know.” Dean’s gaze dropped to his crotch, before looking back to Sam with a raised eyebrow. “might have lost something a bit more important.”
It had been the most awkward point in Dean’s life, though now, as he stood in the midst of Cas and Logan’s fight, he would rather relive it a hundred more times.
“You two sem to be having fun.” Dean raised his head, even if he knew who’d spoken. He could recognize Azazel’s cocky, mocking tone anywhere.
“When do we go back!” Ellie cried as they walked down the hallway, jumping and occasionally pulling at Dean's arm that held his duffle bags. On her head she wore her glittery mickey ears, something she had refused to put in their bags and instead wore on the plane, and then through the whole drive home.
"Is everything alright with her! Is she going to be okay! Are the babies okay?" Dean screamed, he attempted to push through the group of doctors though as Cas had a firm grip on his arm. Through the commotion Dean could only see glimpses of Charlie, her red hair, her face almost the same shade, an arm, the pale blue of her hospital gown. Her screams only blurred with the doctors rushed voices, and the beeping of machines. The nosies all blurring through Dean's already spinning head.
Zachariah only pressed his lips together, glaring daggers back at Dean, that frankly Dean couldn’t care for.
They continue to dance as the song goes on, footsteps heavy, and their swaying half a beat off. Cas’s fingers are still frozen against his, and Dean’s own arms had long ago become numb, and yet it’s perfect.
When they get home still without a word Jack goes to his room, leaving Claire to quietly walk through the house and into the kitchen. She opened the kitchen cupboard looking for something to eat until the sound of footsteps came causing her to to turn her head as Dean walked into the kitchen.
Dean’s gaze darted across the other’s features which sat in a small frown. If it was Sam, his heart would be hammering. If it was Charlie he’d already be throwing up again. Even if Crowley had found him he’d be worried. Though Cas, he didn’t think the angel would understand, or at least he hoped not.
"She seems nice," Cas whispered, when Dean had taken a break from speaking to sit on the edge of Cas's bed and pull on his boots. A shaken breath filled his lungs, his eyes still on the back of Dean's head. He needed to speak, he needed to end it, he couldn't keep pretending him and Dean would ever be something more. That their hookups would be anything more than a way to blow off steam when Dean had a bad day at work, or Cas needed a distraction from the essay he was supposed to be writing.
Sam took a shaken breath, then nodding agrrence. Together they walked to the front of the class where the teachers desk sat, a short man standing behind it.
Dean who had hooked up with more girls than towns they lived in. Who spat slurs like it was nothing. Who was as far as Sam had ever thought was nothing short of straight.
He could feel the Cas bury his face into the crook of his neck, his own chin rested against Cas’s shoulder. Eyes looking to the ceiling, attempting to numb out the sobs that rang through the room, as he forced his own breathing to stay calm. To not feel the way Cas shook in his arms.
Ellie only stared back, her face scrunched the slightest as tears began rolling from her eyes, though she made no attempt to move.
Dean continued to stare at the empty parking spot before he took a deep breath and turned to the largest glass building, ignoring the reporter he could see coming towards him as he walked inside. The inside was what would be expected from seeing the outside, a large open lobby, decorated mostly with crystals and white. Everything clean and pristine. The only thing that seemed out of place was Crowley who stood to the side waiting for Dean in a dark suit, and Dean's own rugged clothing.
Sorry everyone for inconstancy of my chapters, I fell back into my eating disorder for the past two weeks which gave me zero energy to write, or really do anything. But! I'm back on track, and hopefully will be able to update more on schedule.
John's gaze stayed on their son until Dean looked his way, their eyes meeting for barely a second before John quickly looked back to Mary. “What if he doesn’t want a sibling,” Mary continued.
Sam wasn’t sure if he should mention that it was in fact water under a bridge, not bridge over water.
“Are you sure?” She made another fake cough, followed by a sniffle. It was the fakest, most bare minimum act Dean had ever seen, though he really couldn’t care enough to convince her to go, it was the third Friday of kindergarten, what would she be missing, colouring, and sing alongs. “So if your dad asks when he gets home, you’re still going’ta be sick?”
“Daddy!” Ellie cried, running over to Sam. Once she was close enough, she jumped onto his back, burrowing her face into his back, while Sam frantically pushed his papers further onto the coffee table, trying to keep them from being damaged by dripping water.
He could feel Cas’s gaze burning against the side of his head, though Dean’s own dropped to his guitar. Watching his fingers as he strummened the final few chords.
“Hey boys,” Dean turned his head, looking to Chuck, Cas’s dad, who had stepped onto the deck and was walking towards them, a white mug in each hand. “It’s getting pretty cold out here so I thought you two could use some hot chocolate.”
She could trust Dean, that’s what her dad would say, that’s what he’d always said and she wanted to. She wanted to be happy, she wanted to be a family, she wanted it more than anything else. She’d give anything for it, but with the pain settling in her chest and the tears blurring her vision, it was too late.
It was later that night, the late september air barely containing a chill, while the park they had just stepped into covered them in the unusual darkness that seemed impossible to find in New York. Even if the park seemed like a different world, there were still the smallest signs of the city, the hazy sky that was never clean enough to show the stars. The distant sound of traffic, and of course the garbage that scattered the path.
“I want it to be over, Dean.” Sam whispered. He looked over to Dean, his eyes now holding a red tinged to them. “I don’t want to be strong, or keep going, I want to see Jess.”
Cas didn’t reply, his expression not even faltering for a second. “I’m going to talk to Sam and tell him you won’t be joining him in the hunt.”
“Ellie,” Dean whispered. He raised a hand as the young girl looked up with her blood shot eyes, using it to brush a strand of hair behind her ear. She had the same look that Sam often held, exhausted, though unlike her dad she didn’t hold the tears back, instead letting them stain her cheeks. “How about you go with Cas to find your dad.”
Regrettably Gabriel put the muffin aside to finish of the coffee and grab some juice for Henry and Sam, his eyes never straying far from Dean as Sam moved out of the way to let Cassie through the door.
"So are we ready to shop!" Charlie screeches jumping up from her chair, moving quickly he pulls her back down.
It's not too late, Cas doesn't seem angry or at least hasn't come around for his blood, perhaps if he could explain and Cas was on the same page they still had a shot.
The place is quiet, not in sound but volume of people. Perhaps a good thing since the noise from the children hardly makes a congenial shopping atmosphere. He spots Henry towards the back of the plants, only before he can move fate intervenes. In the past and specifically now, for Dean, it's no good thing.
"Okay, well call me if you need to talk later. I think Sam will be ready soon enough." Cas smiled moving quickly to place a kiss against his cheek, causing Dean's body to react in a way he didn't know possible.
"Late last night it was probably morning." she smiled, "What happened to the garden? I wasn't sure I had the right house at first." she joked.
"Uncle Benny is nice," suggests Henry, and sure Dean knows he's teasing but he can't help think of Cas with Benny at the barbeque and how it made him feel.
"Say, I'm heading to the Cinema with Charlie tonight and since I think Sam is doing something with Gabriel maybe you could join us?" asked Dean feeling hopeful, "The film's three hours though," added Dean knowing it could put someone off.
"There's pie down here." they didn't have to wait long for confirmation of his movement, how someone so small could be so loud was beyond Dean. Henry came crashing down the stairs, running crazily into the kitchen.
Dean left them to it moving quickly to catch up with Cas before he loses himself in this huge house, the day so far had been so perfect that a lot of flour wasn't ruining his mood. If it started to Dean could thinking about the joy of payback.
Dean walked ahead of Sam since his seat was further back when his eyes found seat C6 he also found the stranger he was meant to sit next to for the short flight. Yeah, this was definitely the final nail in the coffin of Dean Winchester: the man just happened to be the sexiest man he'd ever laid eyes on.
"Not really I'm having no luck concentrating in here either." Dean gulped his coffee down hoping it would kick start his brain or rather nuke his distractions
"Correct answer," Gabriel smiled moving to swap out his coffee for a fresh cup before sitting down across the table. "That man, Zachariah delivered supplies to Hive, he fixated on Cas pretty quickly and felt encouraged by him."
"I'm not in till the afternoon, you need something Sammy?" he used to rally against that name so much but now he understands it's not a way for Dean to put him down or remind him he's the little brother. It's how Dean show he cares.
"I'm a whiz I'm not rainman!" exclaimed Gabriel blushing from all the eyes on him, Cas noted its weirdness his brother was no stranger to attention normally he'd lap it up and look for seconds but perhaps this was a different sort.
"Yeah, maybe." he thought about it as they left, sleepovers were kind of there thing spent either gaming, marathoning films or binging the latest Netflix show. Mostly they always took place at the Winchesters due to Mary's homebaked goods, sure Sam had extended the invitation but what if he wasn't wanted by everyone.
Uh oh, Henry looks up at Sam to find his serious face, meaning they weren't going anywhere fast because words had to be spoken. "Sammy, we need to get going." he tried doing his best puppy-eyed look it wouldn't work of course Uncle Sam had invented that look at least according to his Dad.
"I'm sure he got it," joked Meg as she placed what was left of Cas' pie in on the bottom shelf before continuing, "Actually its good you're here Gabriel, I've had an idea about tonight."
Dean was getting frustrated trying to shove his books into his locker, to busy stealing looks at Castiel to pay attention to what he was doing. Bobby had texted earlier to tell him all the parts for Cas' car had arrived, along with an email telling him the car gift had been shipped.
Turns out it was perfect, after making his purchases, they're back into the echoing hubbub of the mall. Dean refuses to fail, two purchases down he needs three more.
No, no, to cover he grabs the trays and glasses, "Cas, we fell asleep." he tells him praying Cas wasn't fake waking so he didn't have to deal with clingy Dean.
Cas felt it spoke to Dean's loyalty, something Cas longed for himself. Only he was unsure how much longer he could remain Dean's friend without needing some distance first. He didn't want to stop seeing Dean or Henry (the very thought of it unbearable) but his heart was hurting.
"I can understand that, but next time I'm ordering us pizza," Dean went to object until Cas put his hand up and he found himself going quiet, "You will eat the pizza Dean, understand?" Oh, that tone was different, in fact, Dean found himself squirming on his seat a little due to a slight decrease of space in his pants.
Having gotten completely distracted from texting Cas due to listening to Benny and Alfie talk about their first date again. More so he couldn't stop looking at them, filled with a longing to have Cas in his arms, how Alfie was constantly in Benny's.
"So can I interest you in a glass of almond milk to go with that tart?" Dean asked Cas once they were alone, knowing Cas kept coffee for mornings.
"Here let me help?" offered Cas getting up and bringing Dean right up against those striking blue eyes, he felt held by them like he couldn't move or maybe he just didn't want to.
Cas could believe it knowing without Gabriel he would have been one of their targets, they really should have been expelled by now. "So what made you change your mind?" he asked eating his last piece of pancake.
"Uh, I own Winchester Auto in town and also restore old cars, you need some work done?" Dean asked with piqued interest in the couple.
"I have a rep, everyone thinks my pranks are a work or ingenuity, I can't have people knowing math is on my side, it's not cool."
"Yeah, it was work and a half getting him here, but now he's happy I persuaded him, say did he ask you about Dean?" Gabriel knew Cas hated his interfering but he just wanted his brother happy.
They had left Hive under a cloud, leaving Benny and Victor to secure the door. Their faces were evident with worry but were kind enough not to ask questions. Driving in Baby with Cas to the police station had been stifling, with Dean biting his tongue to stop seeking his own answers while Cas held his hand tightly as tears fell down his cheeks.
Like it he loves it, hanging from the rear view mirror is a honeycomb shaped leather that smells amazing, in the centre is a cute little bee and underneath the word mine in blue.
Cas was already cleaning his face, the sink full of water, "Think it'd probably be quicker to get in the shower."
Henry was unable to shut up about the whole day, literally telling everyone about Cas and his plant project. Dean didn't want to discourage his son, he was happy Henry had a love of learning and school. But whenever Cas' name was mentioned all Dean could think about or see were those incredible blue eyes.
"Why did you lie Egg?" he didn't often break out the nickname, Dean even used it less than him. But it was a sure way to the truth.
Popping up as if from nowhere Sam was peering over his seat looking apologetically at Cas, "I'm sorry Castiel, I think he took something for the flight, to uh help him relax."
"Thanks, man." they moved on, walking past customers and squeezing their way past displays careful not to knock anything over. Finally reaching the open double doors, it was a relief to be outside where it was much calmer.
Sam looked at him, for what felt like a long time. "Dude that's awesome, Henry was only saying how sad it was the other day. Do you mean as a surprise?
Once the pies were boxed, he stuck his hand out towards Gabriel, "Dean Winchester." Gabriel shook his hand giving his name too, "So Sammy comes here a lot?"
He really didn't mean to stare, weirdly Cas didn't seem to mind, content to stare back himself. But why? Dean had always had a thing for blue eyes: for women with blue eyes. A part of him was having trouble remembering that (definitely not the part that perked up in the shower earlier, no way Jose). Sam would say that it didn't matter that gender didn't always come into play with love. But Dean wasn't like that something his Dad had made perfectly clear.
Entering Dean takes in the surroundings, while small the shop has been well utilized with good use of lighting. The structural pillars even have books and posters displayed, it carries a good selection spotting some comic in the back along with the usual gift items.
"He had to go to work, but he's joining us." piped up Henry, Cas smiled only Sam seeing his disappointment, obviously he was already quite taken with Dean. "You can talk to him then, right?"
"Hey Cassie, um do you mind if I invite Sam over only it's been so long between tastings. I don't want all my hard work to be wasted and find him cozying up to a salad."
Dean really needed a coffee, he'd started work this morning at six and was finally finished. His normal stop for caffeine was just too far away, choosing instead to enter the first place he found. Not once stopping to check out the name of the place since he was too busy worrying over there coffee to foam ratio.
"I understand, um with sex I like to be in control, is that a problem?" Dean shook his head, the more he thought about it the less of a problem it became, besides he felt he'd get too bogged down in his head for them to ever move forward.
Removing the ribbon he rolled the paper out, eyes scanning over it and instantly spotting his name. It was a certificate bearing the holder, him for his appreciation of bees the bottom was signed along with a cute golden bee wax stamp.
"Cas, it's fucking delicious is there maple in here?" Cas nodded, "If you keep baking like this I'm going to have to go to the gym." added Dean digging in for more.
He wonders if he's been left, an icy feeling of fear filling his stomach. His Dad loves him, but so did his Mom and she had left. Henry thinks of her sometimes, he hopes she's okay, he loves her. He doesn't think his Dad will mind, he hopes not anyway.
During introductions Dean did his best to ignore the flirty and suggestive looks from Benny, taking it upon himself to call out the rules before a stampede of hungry people bombarded them.
"I think that can be arranged, I've got a good feeling about you two," Dean smiled feeling the same, "How are you two sending tomorrow?" it was Christmas Eve.
Finally, the lady left with an order of cupcakes, Dean was one step closer. "So what can I tempt you with today?" moving up to the counter, his eyes focused on the goods for sale disappointment is quick to bloom in his chest at the lack of pie.
"I have every faith you'll find it soon, Dean." Cas tells him looking at Sam, was this what had been said between them on Henry's birthday? But why would Cas care about his search for pie?
"Uh huh," Gabriel smirks at him "A man is entitled to his secrets after all." his tone has moved far away from over excited to protective making Dean gulp a little. Looking at him he can see a fire beyond the mischief and it dawns on him that like himself Gabriel is a big brother too.
The man lowered his eyebrows. He turned the CD to look at it himself, then glanced back up at Dean. “You sure?”
“Ellie.” Another breath parted his lips and all he could hear was the hammering of his own heart ringing through his ears.
He took a step towards the door, stomach still twisting, knowing the situation after being in it far too many times. “Me and some friends were going to get drinks tomorrow if you’d like to come,” Garth offered.
“Your father never told me the full story,” Chuck replied, “I believe a fight may have been part of it, though anything is possible.”
“That’s what happens when you kidnap kids.” Dean spat. His gaze didn't leave Cas, the other looking back with the same intensity until Sam stepped between them.
"You don't have to apologize" Castiel replied. He tore off some toilet paper before walking closer to Dean, slowly beginning to clean away the blood across his cheek. Once the cut had been covered and the blood had been cleaned
Slowly Dean raised his hand. He rested his fingers against his bottom lips, inhaling a deep breath before pushing them into his mouth, and to the back of his throat.
Jack raised an eyebrow, and yah Claire knew it wasn’t the best lie but Jack was gullible and like hell she’d tell him the truth. He'd just be pissed that she was tearing their family apart, or some dramatic statement like that.
Dean steps away and immediately Cas’s gaze darts up, whatever warmth that had once filled his body replaced with fear. Something that only grew as he watched Dean stride across the investigation room each step confident and without hesitation, robe flowing behind. “I told you, detective,” Dean hums over his shoulder.
“The google suggested soup for when you’re sick,” Cas explained. He walked back to Dean, placing a bowl of tomato soup. It looked like the whole can, it would be 200 calories at most, 120 at minimum. Dean would say 250 to be safe. He’d already eaten today, 250 was too much. “They also suggested tea,” Cas continued placing a mug next to the soup, “I know you don’t like tea so I brought coffee instead.”
This time Sam looked towards Dean, causing his stomach to drop. Sam looked exhausted, his eyes wide, lips tight in a deep frown. He didn't speak at first which only made the sinking in Dean’s stomach worse as he waited for Sam to speak. To hear the disappointment that would surely lace his voice. “Did you use last night?” Sam finally said, though the disappointment wasn’t there, instead the word empty and exhausted.
“I’ve walked further,” Dean replied through clenched teeth. He began walking again, head forward on the street in front of him, on the shops that lined the side, on anything but the truck that rolled slowly next to him.
When Dean was sure the other had fallen asleep, he removed his arms from the other, and sat up, each movement slow, and careful. Getting out of the bed, making his way out of the bedroom, into the hall. He needed to keep himself moving, doing something, anything that would prevent him from falling asleep.
Hesitantly Dean walked forward, every inch of him screaming to turn away, that maybe, just maybe if he didn't see her, it'd be a lie. Despite the dread that tore at him he kept moving forward, only stopping when he could see his daughter resting in one of the trays.
Cas didn’t turn at first, his eyes staying on his lap. Even his colourless cheeks seemed more pale than usual, void of anything. “Dean,” Cas replied finally turning to meet Dean’s eyes
Despite that his heart didn’t calm down, the tires screeching seeming to echo through his head, getting louder with each repeat. Blaring through his ear drums, matching the racing pace of his heart. His hands flew to the sides of his, though it did nothing to stop the sound. The screeching seeming on permanent repeat no matter how hard he tugged.
Cas narrows his eyes, but still takes the jacket from Dean’s hand and pulls it around himself before turning back to the plants. Dean leans against the deck railing no longer trying to speak and instead watches as Cas works his way from plant to plant, trimming leaves, and drizzling them with water. He can hear the distant sound of voices in the streets below, some kind of fight that could be just heard over the ambulance sirens from a few blocks away, both noises that occur far more frequently than Dean would ever like.
With one arm still holding Jack to his hip, Dean used his other to brush a few strands of Jack’s hair under the toque he wore, and away from his eyes. Those bright eyes that looked up to Dean with nothing but joy. That was something Dean would never get tired of
He couldn't care to listen, and even if he did the headache that pounded behind his eyes made it almost impossible. Nothing the officer said mattered. Yes John had left him, but it wasn't the first time and certainly wouldn't be the last. Dean would be there for a month at longest, before his dad returned and dragged him off to the next town.
Instead let it be just him and Dean, friends that slid down hallways. That laughed at each other's mess ups, and raced one another through halls.
Dean let out a low breath, his heart beat hammering so hard he was sure Cas could hear it. Each beat seeming faster then the last as he stared at Cas. His blue eyes, his locked jaw, the way his hair fell in messy strands.
Once he got back to his car he collapsed into the front seat, and pulled out his phone immediately going to his messages and scrolling through them until he found Sam’s name. ‘Going to be home late.’ He sent the message waiting for a second before he began to type a second one, ‘Hospitals slower than expected.’
Dean laughed, "Yah, we could." His gaze finally dropped from Cas's and instead to their hands, both dirty and calloused. "We could have a record player in the living room, and a swing on the porch." Dean paused for a moment, he could picture it, the perfect life. "We could go skating during the winter, and horseback riding during the summer."
As Jack began to shake the object for a third time Dean slowly stood, leaning against the counter, “Can you put it back now?”
“I’m tryin’ ta help you.” Sonny insisted, still in that fucking calm voice, with those fucking gentle eyes that Dean hated so fucking much.
Cas gave a small laughl. Final breaking eye contact to glance down at his own untouched plate, "I suppose they are pretty awesome."
Cas wraps his arms around Dean's neck, resting his chin against Dean’s shoulder. Even with the help of his jacket Cas feels frozen as Dean wraps his arms around the other’s waist, Dean’s fingers grazing the frozen skin from under Cas’s t-shirt. “Dean,” Cas says, his voice louder in the suddenly silent night. “You are allowed to talk to me.”
“I am required not only to raise the spirits of others, but sometimes to sustain my own, when theirs are failing,” Cas finishes reading as he folds the corner of the page then slowly closes the book. He doesn’t look up, his expression sat in a way that causes Dean’s stomach to drop. He doesn’t think he can handle another conversation, he’s tired from crying, and the pain had only just become manageable.
Cas pressed his lips together, eyes still burning against the other’s. “You’re incredibly annoying.”
He glanced down to the cars one last time before he stood, scratching at his neck slightly as he began looking around the house in boredom, first along the bookshelf and then the photos that were hung on the walls. Most were of Jack, though a few were of Castiel and Logan, kissing at  the beach, smiling at what Dean assumed was a basketball game as they both wore green jerseys, all three of them at a party, the photos went on and on.
“Have fun with that son of a bitch.” Dean said, as he walked back into the main room. Cas still standing at the counter, eyes on Dean though he didn’t speak.
Another breath parted Dean’s lips, his eyes still on the teacher as he stood, chair screeching. He quickly packed his things, making as much noise as possible, before he stomped out of the classroom, slamming the door shut behind.
“Dean,” Cas says, he raises a hand and rests it gently against the side of Dean’s jaw, the touch barely ghosting his skin. “You are raising your brother,” he hates himself, “you’re working two jobs,” he hates Cas’s gentle tone, “you can’t blame yourself for your struggles with school,” he hates himself.
They sat hand in hand, till Sam came. The only sound filling the room being the beeping from the heart monitor, the room otherwise silent. Neither Cas nor Dean speaking. He didn’t want to, he just wanted to feel Cas’s hand in his own, stare at his worried expression, his blue eyes.
Dean brought his hands to his hair tugging slightly at the strands, “fuck,” he mumbed. Still Dean didn’t stand, even though he knew he should. He couldn't find the energy to, his thoughts too foggy, skin sweaty and boiling, everything in his body begging for him to just sleep, or find some cocaine.
He looked up at the sound of his name, a smile immediately spreading across his face as he saw his neighbour walking towards them.
Dean kept his head down as he followed them stopping when his brother did, only a foot or two away from the dog. Sam had immediately launched into an apology though the security guard didn't seem to mind Ellie just looking. ‘He is good.’ Dean’s heart fluttered as he watched the grey dots appear, soon the next text appearing, ‘Thank you again for looking after him.’
Dean looked up, meeting Sonny's eyes, there was something to them, pity, concern, worry, either way Dean didn't like it. "Yah, I will."
“Cas,” Dean finally whispered. The frustration was building up, a mix of emotions seeming to pile up higher as he desperately tried to build a wall to stop them. Fear of Sam knowing. Anxiety from the way his stomach made rolls as he hunched on the floor. Pain. Pain. So much pain, both physically and mentally. “Just-” Dean took a hesitant breath, squeezing his jaw shut for a moment, “leave.”
“Dean?” Lee questioned when he’d pulled the front open, he looked fairly sober. Just exhausted with his hair ruffled and his usual jacket and jeans replaced with sweats and an old t-shirt.
A sharp inhale comes from his right, causing Dean’s grip around the steering wheel to only tighten, his other hand pulling away from Cas’s and going back to his side. “You think we should break up?” Cas finally says, sounding ust as breathless as Dean feels. “Why?”
Before Lee could reply, there was a clearing of a throat. Dean's head immediately turned at the sound, from Lee and to the kitchen entrance where Crowley stood.
“Cas.” His hand was still laced with Cas’s, the other’s thumb over his own. Warm and inviting, and for a moment that was all he could think about. Should he let go, bring his hand back to his side, probably. Would he, probably not. “We’re going to find him.”
Dean pulled the door open, his head turning back to the other, who hadn’t moved from where he stood. One hand on Jack's shoulder, the child still standing behind his legs.
“Look Sammy,” Dean walked to the door, stopping just as he opened it. He turned back to Sam, their gaze meeting for the first time since they’d returned from the bar. “I get it, you have some fuckin’ reputation or some shit. Don’t let me ruin it on you.”
“My mom,” Dean finally replied. He slowly removed one hand from the handle bar, letting it fall to his side though he left the other in place. “I was four or three.”
Dean grabbed his phone from the dresser top before he left his room and began his walk down the hallway. The closer to the staircase he got, the clearer voices became; at first too muffled to hear, though once he made it down the staircase the fighting was clear.
He pushed the other away, not caring how much force he used before frantically pulling his seat belt off and stumbling out of the car. He didn’t remember pulling over, or stopping the car, though Dean didn't take the time to think about it, he needed the car as far away as possible. He needed to breathe, or die.
Mathew was barely a foot away from Sam, so close he could see the rise and fall of the other boy's chest, feel his intense stare as the other’s eyes stayed locked on Sam’s. Why they weren’t moving, Sam couldn’t be sure, though there was an electricity to the air that made him too scared to ask.
Slowly Dean strumened his finger across the strings, playing the first chord of Nothing Else Matters, followed by the second. He didn’t sing as he played, only listening to slow melody, as it rang through his back yard. It did nothing to silence his thoughts, though for a moment the hammering of his heart was gone, or at least unnoticeable.
“I think it’s time to go trick or treating!” Dean declared. He shoved his phone into his jean’s pocket before walking quickly passed his brother and into the hallway, making his way to the staircase at the end of the hall, like Ellie had told him that morning. She’d been incredibly insistent that they start at the bottom of the apartment, like they did every year.
This is the last chapter for the week so I hope you enjoyed it! and I hope you have some fun plans for the weekend! I'm volunteering at my towns grad!
When his eyes fluttered back open his gaze met the apartment window that looked out to the deck, the sky outside a dark blue. How long had he slept. Dean reached into his jacket pocket for his phone, though when that was empty he checked the next one, then both his jeans pockets. Shit.
Dean jolted awake to the sound of Ramble On blaring through the room, pounding through his aching head. With his eyes barely opened he pulled his phone from his jacket pocket, head pounding further as the screen lit with Crowley's name.
The walk home is quiet, Jack always a few steps ahead refusing to look at her, and maybe she should care but she didn’t. Hell she was thankful for the space for the silence that allowed her to replay everything Chuck had told her. She’d been right, or at least the unease she’d felt around Dean was right.
Cas pressed his lips together, and Claire leant closer to the door. The tension that had settled in the room was clear, whatever playful atmosphere that he'd been there suddenly gone, replaced with something more serious, more personal.
“It’s Jack’s final hockey game of the year, and he wants you to come,” Cas explained. “Are you able to?”
“No you don’t,” Dean said, with his free hand, he took the record from Castiel and placed it onto a shelf of cd’s. “That guy’s a fucking douche.”
Dean only gave the smallest nod, as Cas handed over the pair of sweatpants and old t-shirt, making no movement until the other had left. He then slowly pulled his shirt off, eyes staying firmly forward, away from the mirror that could be seen from his bathroom. He’d seen people on tv with eating disorders, they always looked in the mirror, judged their waists, and thighs, Dean couldn’t. He was terrified of looking in the mirror, of seeing how much bigger he’d gotten.
“We skated for hours, I thought my fingers were going to fall off,” Cas took a sharp breath, and Dean immediately leant forward, only just stopping himself from reaching out to the other, and instead squeezing his hand at his side. “Cas, breathe.”
“He’s done well for himself,” Dean finally looked up, glancing to Bobby who nodded in agreement. Dean parted his lips to continue though for a moment he didn’t speak. “Have you met his kids?”
Dean laughed awkwardly. “Fuck no- not completely, I, uh.” He glanced from Logan to Sam's slightly opened door. “I really, really, needed… some- Sugar, for my tea party.”
“Yah kid?” Dean hummed. His eyes still rested on the house to his left, more specifically the Christmas tree that glowed in the window, contrasting against the evening sky, and falling snow.
He raised the bottle, beginning to pour himself a glass, when he heard Crowley begin speaking again. “I was curious how yesterday treated you.” A frown tugged at Dean’s lips as he slowly placed the bottle down.
Slowly he stood, instead inspecting the large painting that hung above it, one of simple landscape, painted in a faded tone. He stepped away, beginning to move through the lobby, inspecting the little furniture that killed the room. The secretary’s eyes on him at all times.
“Thanks,” Dean whispered, watching as Cas walked around to the other side of the bed, and sat next to Dean. He needed to focus on something else, anything else but the soup. He’d regret it if he ate it, but he was so hungry.
He licked his lips, inhaling a breath, “after that things kept spiralling. Sammy was transferring to New York for schooling, my career was taking off.” Dean took another breath, “his girl, Jess, was pregnant. I didn’t think it was a good idea, and I told him that. He was nineteen- he was just a kid.”
A visible breath raised Dean’s chests. “It wasn't the monster that had done the slicing and dicing.”
The sleep exhaustion, from endless nights of forcing himself to stay awake, or being awoken by nightmares, were catching up on him. How much more could he take, how much longer could he last.
“Yes we were,” Sam snapped, immediately hushing Dean. “I would try to talk to you and you’d tell me to fuck off, or i’d try to talk when you got home but I coudln’t cause I just relived you were fuckin’ alive, Dean your sick!”
He looked at the women for another second before finally letting his gaze drop to the paper in his hand. A schedule printed in black text, Dean’s name across the top left corner.
The sound of flipping pages comes, then Cas clearing his throat. “To Mrs. Saville, England. St. Petersburgh, December eleventh,” Cas begins, voice steady filling the car as he reads the first line. “You will rejoice to hear that no disaster has accompanied the commencement of an enterprise which you have regarded with such evil forebodings.”
Up close even Dean could tell the clothing he wore was expensive. A dark blue sweater made from thick wool, with a just visible white shirt underneath. To pull it together he wore a pair of black dress pants, and dress shoes the same colour.
“That’s cause you use the popcorn button,” Dean repeated for what must’ve been at least the millionth time, “you're supposed to just time it.”
He only stared for another moment before he placed it back on the tin, and went to the drugs, quickly beginning preparing, an action that came so naturally he could do it asleep. Watching the powder dissolve in the water, letting the drug fill the syringe, and then raising his forearm and pressing the needle to. Unable to feel the pinch as it broke his skin, the ringing of his ears too loud.
Dean stepped forward, and Claire could only shake her head between her stumbled words. “You- you can’t- you left.”
“Can I get you a beer?” Cassie offered as they stepped into her apartment. It was the first thing either of them had said since they’d gotten into the impala, the car ride filled with a mix of Led Zeppelin and AC/DC, not that Dean was complaining. He shook his head, and after Cassie offered a variety of other drinks that he'd politely declined, she left to get herself a beer, leaving Dean to take a seat on her couch.
Dean brought his free hand to his mouth, letting out a fake yawn. “I don’t know kid,” Dean mumbled. He brought his hands to his eyes rubbing at them, partially in act, partially in truth. He was absolutely exhausted, between work and anxiety, the sleepless nights were catching up on him. “I think i’m too tired to play.”
“Oh, dear,” Mrs. Butters said, before Jack could reply. Dean looked away from Jack and to the women. “If he likes it so much, he can keep it.”
He already had all that, even if the cat was a little bitch. He didn’t need someone new, he needed Cas.
Dean didn’t talk as his brother continued to shower Cas in various questions, can you feel your arm, can you move your fingers, instead only being able to stare. He looked so sick. His face thin, not bruising yet but surely it would soon.
Dean was never given the chance to finish, as Ellie stepped out of the car, slamming the door shut behind her.
As quiet as possible Dean made his way down the darkened hallway, and to his room, his hand just brushing across the door knob when the sound of another door opening came.
“Now what,” He looked back to the ingredients he’d gotten, and the pot he’d taken out to use as a misshaped bowl. Maybe he should have written the recipe out. “Crust.”
“I’ve been a pretty shitty person.” Dean glanced from the road to his hands, his fingers still stained with dried blood.
“No,” Cas didn’t look up as he helped Jack eat. “Logan is leaving for Italy on Monday so we are spending the weekend together.”
“I can either go now, or you can clean the blood out of my pants.” Meg pressed her lips in a tight line, raising her eyebrow at Dean. She may have been a few inches shorter, though she was definitely someone he’d be wary around, holding a confidence that unlike Dean’s was definitely not fake.
As Cas stood, using the sink for balance, Dean lent the slightest bit closer. “Cas?” Dean began. He glanced across the other, waiting for him to crumble though even when Cas had gotten his balance Dean didn’t relax. “You should have shower, I can make him breakfast.”
“Sam,” Dean cut in before Ellie could say anything more about her arm - or, more importantly, his - “how about I get Ellie ready, and you finish up your work?”
“Didn’t think you listened to Metallica.” Dean took a small sip from the mug, grimacing at the hot coffee, “thought you were all Taylor swift, and Katy Perry.”
Dean raised an eyebrow though didn’t make another argument and instead walked across the room to the closet, the sliding doors pushed open by a crack. He stuck his head in and was met with a hazy darkness, the outlines of Jack's hanging clothing and shoes that littered the floor just visible.
When no one continued speaking she turned around, just getting a glimpse of the questioning look her grandpa gave Jack. “Claire is uh-“ Jack began causing Claire to glare at him. God help her brother if he decided to keep speaking, “her and Dean aren’t getting along.” She was going to kill him.
He took another staggered step forward, grabbing onto the microphone stand for balance, though as he lent against it it fell to the ground.
Dean's mouth gaped open, as he stared at the young girl. “You want me to come to your tea party?” Dean asked, which Ellie nodded to, giving him a look as if it had been the most obvious thing ever. His eyes glanced across her face, studying her soft feature that could easily be seen with her haired pulled. He waited for her to take the offer back though when she never did he finally allowed himself to smile. “Of course.”
There was a second where Dean’s features faltered, where his angered expression dropped into pain? Hurt? Sam didn’t know, though it was gone just as fast as it had come, and soon Dean was once again glaring. “You’re right, have fun with your friends.” Dean said as he stepped back. “Don’t let this faggot stop you.”
Through the darkness Dean could just see the outline of Cas, the other sat up with Jack in his arms, the child continuing to sob. “Yes.”
At times it would get so bad he’d pull over, fumbling out some lie, like he needed to make a call, or get some food. Anything but the truth.
What could he have done when Cas decided to protect Kelly. Been there for him. Supported his decision. Been with him every step of the way, instead of once again pushing him to the side.
“You think I do bad things?” Dean asked as the other closed the fridge, bringing a tray of cinnamon buns to the counter, though he continued to watch Jack. The child having raised one of his tiny fists, and grabbing a magnet. “I’m an angel.”
Neither of them spoke as they began walking street, Dean weighed down by guilt. Of course he had to fuck up the one thing Sam had been excited about. If he had just given the wallet back, or had been a bit more careful taking it. If he had done anything different maybe things would have been okay.
Dean stepped forward pulling his fiance into a tight hug. He rested his chin against Cas’s shoulder as the other wrapped his arms around Dean in a just as tight hug. For a moment he couldn’t speak, a mix of emotion twisting his stomach, his heart hammering frantically in his chest.
Everything seemed to fall back into place the moment he’d stepped through the front door. His chair in the morning was used as if it had never been empty, his coats hung on the hangers alongside their own and his car soon found its place in their driveway as if it had always parked there. It was like he’d never left, or at least that’s how Claire should have felt, but sitting at the kitchen table watching as Dean made breakfast felt wrong. Not comforting and definitely not familiar.
Sam gave a small laugh, looking down to his hands, "there's something else I have to talk to you about."
Wednesday he offered tea, and on Thursday Claire knew he must have talked to Cas. When she took her spot in the passenger seat she immediately recognized the blue to go cup from her favourite coffee shop -a coffee shop twenty minutes past the school-
Dean looked back to the ring. He could see it on the other’s finger perfectly, it would look beautiful against his tanned skin. “I'm going to ask him this weekend.”
Dean tilted his head up to stare at the ceiling, studying the tile pattern. Letting his breathing return to normal, though his heart still raced, blood still boiling, causing his skin to be clammy. He kept his head tilted back until the sound of the door being pushed open filled the silent room.
The angel only gave a small hum in agreeance, before letting Dean pull him into a tight hug. The warmth was nice, Cas’s back against Dean’s chest, his arms around the other. He was always so cold, from his toes to his finger tips, at times it became painful.
It was another moment before his eyes adjusted to the light, his gaze landing first on the person to his left, Cas.
Castiel stepped forward to grab the record, Dean’s breath hitching as Cas’s arm brushed across his own, “I’m going to get it.”
Dean didn’t say anything and Claire took that as an invitation to step into the kitchen. Nothing was better than no, or at least she hoped so.
There was more shuffling before the curtain was pulled back and Ellie stepped out wearing a light pink dress that hung to her ankles, with a large neckline that left one sleeve falling from her shoulder.
Cas glanced down to the record before looking back up to Dean. “i’m going to get a cd of it.” He declared, he stepped around Dean and began storing through the CD’s, Dean watching until he  finally gave in and  joined Castiel. Helping the other man sort through the CD’s until they’d found his own.
Slowly Dean raised his arm, draping it over Jack’s shoulder and pulling the child closer to his side. He could feel Jack’s breathing, raising and lowering his body in a steady beat. Real, alive, and there. He wasn’t going to leave. Jack wouldn’t leave him.
“Aesome.” Dean stood, pushing the chair back under the table. “I think we go, get some snacks from the gas station, and we can finish the rest of it tomorrow.”
“Well,” Dean hummed hoping his voice held the light tone he’d tried to speak with. “I’m still kickin’ it. Fucked up, but I’m kickin’ it.”
He didn’t wait for a response instead hanging up, his eyes staying locked on Dean’s as his arm fell back to his side. “Heya Sammy.” Dean greeted, with a grin. The smile across his face easy, similar to his posture, as if he wasn’t looking on the verge of death.
Dean didn’t reply instead glaring to the floor. Though he would never admit it to his brother, he was exhausted, anxious, withdrawn, done. Was it selfish of him to wish this had happened a few weeks before. When Dean could have solved his problem with drugs. Drown his fears, and anger in cocaine.
Good morning everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter, sorry it's short and not much happens, but I promise Cas will be in the next chapter!
“Yah well- I thought the guy I was skating with was kinda cute and wanted to show off.” That pulled another small smile from Cas, and for a moment Dean could feel some ease to the tug in his stomach, though Cas’s eyes still darted across his face, wide under the distant glow of the building, still ticking with anxiety. Still squeezing at Dean’s lungs as he knew there was nothing he could do for the other but wait until he was okay.
Claire looked up, staring at her dad. Too exhausted to cry. Too in pain to say anything else. She just wanted it over, she didn’t want to have to fix anything, she just wanted it to work.
“I know,” Sam brought his hand back to his hair, brushing the strands behind his ears, and for a moment Dean wondered if he’d be able to cut the strands with an ax. That would solve at least one of their problems. “it’s hard with Christmas coming up, and-”
Jack gave the snow globe another harsh shake, his gaze looking up. “Wow,” Dean said, he kept his mouth open in a dramatized shock, something that earned him a fit of giggles from Jack.
The woman looked back with a shocked expression, her eyes wide and mouth dropped, “you’re-” She began, pausing for a long moment to continue staring at Dean. Could she not speak fast enough, her staring was starting to get on Dean’s nerve, not that that was something hard to do. “You’re Dean Winchester.”
Slowly he raised his hands, lacing his fingers with the other’s and letting Dean pull him to his feet. His own socks slippery against the tiles, sliding slightly as he stood.
It wasn’t until they'd reached one end of the hall and they heard the door they’d come from open that Castiel even remembered the engagement party they were supposed to be attending. His heart immediately leaping into his throat at the sound of Dean’s father.
“Could we please talk ‘bout things?” Sonny insisted. Dean didn’t reply, his gaze dropping to the ground as he took a step past Sonny, followed by a second one, though before he could take a third, the man’s hand was around his upper arm stopping him in place. His heart leaping in his throat, the fear that had held him the police station once again grasping hold.
Jack turned, looking up with his wide eyes, a look so similar to Castiel’s it was almost impossible to imagine that Jack wasn’t his. When Jack didn’t speak, Dean crouched to the child's height hoping it made him seem less intimidating. “Bean,” the child began, he had grabbed onto Dean’s sleeve to talk, though as he slightly rocked on his feet his eyes looked towards Castiel’s living room. “Maybe-” He paused, “can we play?”
It didn’t bother Dean in the slightest. It was easier that way, gave him more reassurance that Sam wouldn’t be curious in following him, not that he ever had before.
“She’s much better than I ever was,” Dean replied, and yah Claire isn’t perfect she knew that but for a second time that night Dean was right. “Have you seen the painting she’s working on,” Dean continued, “She has Leonardo looking like some amateur, and her grades! She’s talented as hell and some kind of genius- her music tastes shit but we’ll work on that.”
It was set up exactly as he remembered it, though now decorated for the holidays, with fake holly lining the cabinet tops, while the kitchen towels and placements had been replaced with Christmas themed ones. Everything about it was incredibly warm, with candles glowing through the dim lighting, and the lingering smell of baking.
“Jack, I will not do this with you right now.” Dean could hear the slightest shake in Cas’s voice, a slight weakness that weighed on Dean’s heart.
Dean’s head immediately turned at the sound of his name, his breath hitching as his eyes met Cas’s. “Cas,” Dean barely whispered, continuing to stare at the other.
Claire looked to the ground, her bare feet cold against the kitchen tiles as her fingers fiddled with the paper she held behind her back. The words were on the tip of her tongue yet she couldn’t bring herself to whisper them. Her mouth dry and a heat crawling up her neck.
Neither men replied, instead going back to glaring at one another. “Do we have any other choice,” Zacharia continued. “Look at him. We could find a corpse that looked more alive.”
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel began in his usual steady voice. That was all it took before the tears began rolling down Dean’s face, a hand going to his mouth to stop the sobs that he knew would be quick to follow. “There are billions of people in this world, there are endless possibilities, and I understand that you don’t believe in faith, despite that we somehow came together.”
“They’re marsupials.” Dean brought the glass back to his lips, as Cas explained, the alcohol once again burning down his throat. “Meaning they’re more similar to kangaroos, then bears.”
Dean slowly took a breath, letting it fill his lungs before he exhaled. For a moment he didn’t think he could reply, ignore her like he did every other time she’d ask him about his use, but he couldn't get Charlie’s words out of his head, it felt good not to be strong. Dean was exhausted with being strong.  “I was twenty,” Dean mustered, “maybe twenty one.”
It was large, with white walls and golden trimming, along them, and the roof, though unlike earlier when he and Dean had come to practise their waltz, it was no longer empty. People now filled it, everywhere, men and women with their gazes locked on him. All dressed to perfection, all expecting perfection.
“I’m good,” Jack said as the sound of the teapot being poured came, “soccer starts next week, and I’m doing this really cool project in socials class where we get to plan a city.”
Dean took a deep breath in an attempt to calm the discomfort in his chest, though instead it only got worse as they stopped at the cashier’s desk waiting for a different customer to finish paying.
“I was going to.” Dean explained as he pulled away, his gaze darting across the other’s features. His blue eyes, his tanned skin, dark hair. God he was stunning. Dean could stare forever. “Propose I mean, but you know things weren’t working, and It just never seemed to be the right time, and-”
Not the greatest chapter, but oh well, it's kinda just a filler, I promise the next chapter is much better, I'm actually really excited about the next chapter!
He brought the bottle back to his lips taking another sip. The silence between the reassuring, comforting in the best way possible, the only thing that could make the moment more perfect would be the snow, though the bitter wind would have to do for now.
Dean's lips parted, the words not seeming to come no matter how hard he tried, not that he even knew what he wanted to say. "I-" He began, "I can try callin' dad, but i don't kn-"
Dean crossed his arms across his chest, watching as Sonny placed the plate of food on Dean’s beside table, a burger and french fries. The smell was intoxicating even from a distance, causing his stomach to turn, and mouth to water. Sonny had been wrong, Dean wasn’t hungry, he was starving.
“Are you sure you’re fine with me and Jack staying with you.” Cas asked as they followed Jack down the path.
“What do you think your dad would want?” Dean asked as they began walking down his driveway. He looked down to Jack, who had his head down watching his feet as he attempted to step over a stick or imperfection in the cement. “Jack?”
Dean let out a loud groan, just as they came up to the bar's entrance. He tilted his head back, hoping to be as dramatic as possible, “Fuck man,” Dean explained. He looked back to his friend, glaring at the other.  “What happened to good fuckin music, you know Cherry pie- That other one.”
I hop you take this time to love yourself, and continue to support not only big corporations and creators but your smaller queer and trans creators! Especially who are ever colour, it's more important than ever!
“I’ll take him! Dean offered which Sam raised an eyebrow to, seeming unsure. “Sam you're off three days a week, one which is spent in counselling, I've been here for two qeeks and the kids still don't like me. They don’t want me here! They want you, so you go have fun with them and i’ll take Cas to the hospital.”
“Good.” That was a lie. “Yah I’m awesome.” Another lie though Dean couldn't bring himself to admit the cravings he still felt, the dread, the guilt. Nothing had been fixed, in fact all that had happened was he'd waisted two weeks of his life to withdrawal and nightmares, not that he’d ever admit to Sam how much of  failure he was to Sam.
Dean didn’t reply at first, instead glancing to Jack, watching as the child touched one of the tree's ornaments. He wasn’t sure how to reply. He wasn’t fine, all he could ever think about was being high, how the drug felt, how the pinch came when the needle broke his skin, the way his pupils would dilate. He wasn’t okay. He didn’t even think he was alive. He was existing, though he could never admit that.
A blaring of bullets around him, the screaming of soldiers, all barely audible over the hammering of his ears.
Maybe if Sam hadn’t been so controlled by his worry for his brother he would have been forced Dean to talk once he’d finished his shower.
The first time he’d down it, at fourteen, he’d cried. He'd sobbed before he had down, he’d sobbed during, and then after, then for the rest of the night.
Dean shook his head, stepping around his friend instead of responding. He walked back down the staircase, his footsteps echoing through the basement as he got back into the storage room. It was left exactly the same as since they’d last been there though now a small group of others had gathered around the old arcade machine to snort lines.
It’d been just over a month since Dean had been released and between school, Cas’s work, and Dean dealing with the court house or whatever he did, other than having meals together they hadn’t done anything as a family. Claire hadn’t minded, hell she preferred it that way, though apparently no one else agreed.
The whole date had been a mistake. One big fucking mistake filled with weak attempts at conversation and fake interest in what ever Cassie had to say as if Dean didn’t have a hundred more important things to think about.
"Funny thing about that," Crowley didn't smile as he spoke, instead his lips stayed in a tight line. He glared daggers at Dean, surely imagining every possible way to kill him in that room alone, and Dean didn't blame him. "Moving a car from the back of the parking lot to the front doesn't take long, especially when i'm NOT HIGH OUT OF MY FUCKING MIND!" Crowley screamed. "Now would you like some help taking your trousers off, or shall we be on our way."
"Yes that could be true, perhaps they don't have enough decorations for such a vast place," mused Gabriel knowing Cas would be excited by a shopping trip.
"Open the gift Cassie." sighing Cas went for the card first pushing the gift into Bal's hands while ignoring his brother's look of disbelief. Gabriel always went for the gift first, in fact, he wasn't even sure he'd opened his cards on his birthday. Only giving them a cursory once over along with a shake to check for cash.
Because wasn't he supposed to be a carbon copy of his Dad: he was walking around his leather jacket and driving his car.
"Thank you, Sam," Gabriel had it open before Sat made it back to his seat, "Ooh fancy chocolates, I feel positively wooed." gushed Gabriel already opening the box.
"It's okay Cas, I've got you," offering his body as support Dean felt his calmest since the phone call. He still wishes he's got a punch in though. After holstering her gun Jody turns to them while her partner walks the guy out.
"Yeah, Dean I want to do this," showing he was serious Sam pulled off his t-shirt displaying the tattoo he shared with his brother, Dean was quick to follow suit, "Shall we do this alone?" Dean asked.
Knowing this is literally what's classed as weird behavior Dean takes a step back, moving his eyes back to his beloved car. "That's baby, she's a 1967 Chevy Impala. I grew up in that car Cas, my Dad gave her to me when I was sixteen." he can hear how proud he sounds.
Another sign was the snacks, normally when it was just him and Sam, snack time would be raw vegetables with a yellow looking dip, blergh. Today, however, he'd been given a bag of Cheetos without having to ask.
Walking over to the grill, Dean throws another cursory glance over the place, there's a small gazebo for shade and hopefully plenty of chairs, along with blankets and cushions for those who want nature a little closer. Where the fairy lights have come from he has no idea.
"I do believe that perhaps you strike me as someone who would think it a load of crock." Dean gritted his teeth, unable to deny Cas had a point. So why the hell did he come here looking for answers, it's not like the plants could send him some kind of mystic vibe.
"There's certainly nothing wrong with a little competition." Dean really doesn't appreciate the last word and the tone in which it was delivered. "Your Cas sure is hot."
“It was left for someone to give it to Cas at lunchtime only this person thought better of it and luckily Dean intervened before it was opened.”
"Balthazar!" Dean nodded, "He can never know, Dean, not ever." declared Cas, Dean was more than happy to go along with it, not wanting any smug looks from that douchebag.
They walk through following Dean to the kitchen finding Sam grabbing a glass of water. "Hey Cas, and your Kevin right I remember seeing you at Hive."
"What don't I know?" asked Cas with no answer he turned to Sam, "Sam what don't I know about my own brother?"
"Thanks, she's a 1967 Chevy Impala, my Dad had her..." no, no, no, don't go down that road. Dean stopped, liking how Cas gave him time, once he got himself under control he continued, "She's mine now."
"Sammy, there you are!" turning around Sam was confronted by a full trolley that had been pretty empty moments ago and Gabriel swathed in a load of tinsel, gone were the colors of his childhood - green, red, silver and gold - now it seemed tinsel was every color ever made even an unfortunate orange tone.
Dean didn't understand any of this, common sense had left the building. Sure he'd had issues with customers before, some were complete grade A assholes. But he could understand it being a car enthusiast; all this time he'd been under the impression plants were a calming influence, whoever this guy was needed some more.
Now that was understood Dean turned his eyes to Gabriel, all the while making sure his glare wasn't too strong. Sam had a radar for it and would no doubt flash his specially reserved Gabriel bitchface back in return.
"Alright, no need to get all territorial, but trust me when I say he's not worth it. The fucking guy is frigid, he won't bend over for anyone, even someone as pretty as you." the man sneered and as of right now Dean had heard more than enough. The guy just wouldn't get wise, Dean moved forward only Cas held on to him tight.
"No, she left. Henry was ten months old, I don't even know why because it was so obvious how much she loved him." Dean stops knowing he can't continue, not that there's much more to it really.
"So what's got you all excited?" asked Dean watching as Sam held his book up proudly, Oh God! Was his brother's theory correct?
"Yeah, um I didn't want to be away from you..." Dean trailed off thinking it sounded a bit weird, closing his eyes for a minute he tried again, "Um, I mean I didn't want to leave you alone in a strange place."
"I do and I think you should get your work out there, us working together may not lead to anything. On paper, I think you'll be a good fit for my storyline but it might not work the same on your end."
"I'm in property development with my brothers, which is all very boring so I won't bother you with the details."
"Thank you for listening, Dean, for everything." Cas winked at him quickly leaving his office without another word.
Meg felt in the middle of a crisis, currently, she was behind the counter of her Aunt's bakery sporting a pink apron and enjoying herself.
help me with some funny videos to send him?" Henry nodded enthusiastically making videos was something he loved to do, "I was thinking about some flowers only something's not right with that idea."
Dean nods his head in acknowledgment holding his hand up to signal five minutes before walking over to Cas whose sneaking a quick glance at his phone. "Do you need to go?" coming up behind the gardener only to make him jump. "Oops, sorry Cas."
Cas did so, gently, always one to go at his own pace until finally, he revealed a jar of the most expensive artisanal honey Dean's ever bought.
Turning to Castiel, He was struck once again by his eyes. They were such a striking blue, "Thank you, Dean." Oh shit! Did he say that out loud? "Yes, you did," Cas smiled.
"You should before it's too late, Dean this week I met someone and it was amazing. We agreed it would be casual only it wasn't, not really and now he's gone." Sam still couldn't believe how much it hurt or how quickly he'd fallen.
Did he want a date with Cas? He thought so and Charlie definitely did, she'd gave it to him straight (haha) about all his other man crushes. It was no secret his romantic life had stalled of late, he couldn't remember the last time he was excited about a woman.
"Yes, just a little sad, it was a good movie, definitely didn't feel like three hours." Dean nodded looking over to Charlie happy to find her chatting with the pretty girl they'd been sat next to, oh wow they were both blushing.
"Ratatooine, a play on ratatouille. Honestly, I got it mostly to mess with you but its actually really good." grinned Sam plunging his spoon back in and coming up all mushrooms, yuck.
"1967 Chevy Impala, she belonged to my Dad, he uh gave her to me when I was sixteen, had to build her back up a few years ago." answered Dean.
Noticing Henry and Sam approach the door, Dean crouched down to his son's level. "Daddy!" Henry shouted, using his outside voice indoors had Sam shaking his head. With more enthusiasm than expected Henry bounded into his father's arms leaving him slightly winded. "Where's Cas?" he asked doing his best to peer over his shoulder.
"Here, we got Hand Solo Pies," Charlie dropped a paper bag displaying all of the droids in front of him. Dean was absolutely loving this seemingly never-ending pile of food that kept coming.
Henry and himself dug in with abandon, manners be damned when there was new pie up for grabs. Now Dean knew pie, but from the moment it touched his tongue he knew he was ruined. The crust was buttery and light, sweetness from the pecan frangipane was eased by the juicy spicy pears. Dean instantly went in for another bite.
"Can we ask someone?" he turned back to Sam, a hopeful glint still in his eye. Sam nodded and they made their way to the only free employee. A young Asian guy with black hair standing behind the till. "Hi I'm Henry, this is my Uncle Sam, is Cas here?"
Dean loved this place, he'd been coming here pretty much since he arrived in town with Sam. Bobby and Ellen were friends before getting together, they'd spent their formative years with her daughter Jo who was currently away traveling.
"Aw, my heart," Gabriel clutched his chest moving against the wall to make room, "Come in, Sammy will be down in a tick." ushering them through the kitchen Gabriel quickly started on the coffee. "Henry, may I try a muffin?"
"Yeah, sorry lost in thought, are you ready to go?" Dean nodded smiling, they'd seen everything, Dean had even been lucky enough to swap cards with a few people. Cas wondered if Dean was eager to get back to Henry, no doubt wary about Gabriel's influence.
"Yeah, I had no part in it, to be honest I'd sort of accepted my feelings as a lost cause by then." fuck that was hard to hear.
His mouth snaps shut at the man in front of him, it's not Cas, rather an extremely attractive man in an expensive suit.
"So have we decided where we're having lunch yet?" asked Sam too busy putting his phone away to make eye contact.
Oh! That was Sam, over a week of them being together and he still wasn't used to waking with the man. He guessed after all the scumbags waking to find Sam still with him would take him a while to accept.
"Yes, I'm freaking out a bit so a load of questions won't help me." letting his eyes roam over the place for anything he might have missed Dean was confronted with rainbows, damn Charlie and her mission the let the flag fly.
"A fair few I suppose, I can hit a few before picking up Henry and coming to Hive." his mind went back to earlier, pies would most definitely get him sidetracked like Baby so he quickly set an alarm on his phone. "You don't know of any do you?" Dean had practically been asking everyone he could.
"So how did you get into gardening enough to forge a career out of it." Dean didn't really think much of his own accomplishments. To him, it was easy he'd hated school, his best part of the day was riding in Baby. He loved his car and cars like her, coming to live with Bobby enabled him to learn and lead to his own business once Bobby retired. But it was Dean and Dean alone who had started restoring old cars, carving a name for himself and a loyal growing client list.
Oh no, Dean quickly cut him off, " Sammy, it's fine just sit down before we take off." muttered Dean.
Last night they had returned to the Winchester home for comfort food and the bigger comfort of Mary and John while watching some light comedy films. They had left Sam in much higher spirits only Gabriel had inherited their mother's knack for worrying.
Then suddenly like he's been prodded, he jumps up his body acting of its own accord. At least that's what it feels like. "Hey Cas, over here man." he shouts making sure to get the man's attention. Dean feels his knees weaken when Castiel looks at him, a smile breaking out on his face. Dean waves back in acknowledgment sitting back down, while Castiel places his order.
Dean spent the rest of the afternoon thinking about Charlie's suggestion, it was a really good idea. It could be construed as just two bros hanging out and nothing more. It was a way to reach out, with the action happening at his place which gave him the control.
"It took me by surprise too, I came to ask you out, but you said such nice things to me, guess it got the better of me." confessed Dean, deciding to be brave he continued, "So what happens now?"
He snaked his hand down ignoring his nipples and stomach feeling enough out of his comfort zone already thank you very much. Once his hand finally met his cock, he gasped surprised to find himself already perky. So maybe this wouldn't take long, after all, it had been a while and the panties were so soft.
"Hey boss, everything alright in here?" she asked passing him a cup of coffee that he readily accepted.
"Cas, come pick a movie!" shouted Charlie, keeping with tradition of letting Cas pick the results were always unexpected and had lead to some extremely weird movie marathons.
"Well you can do it, can't you? Besides, you would have stolen it too," said Dean causing Cas to nod his head.
"Oh, um, no, I mean I would want that," Dean replied sounding ridiculous, "But only if you do, it's okay if you don't, you shouldn't have to feel ready because I am," added Dean unable to think of a time he'd stammered more.
Currently, Dean could see nothing but a white cloud of flour and the sound of laughter from three different people, "You absolute fuc...fools," cried out Dean quickly correcting his language.
"Thanks that means a lot, Cas. Sam and I didn't have the easiest of childhoods after our Mom died, it's a story for another time. But I want Henry to have better than we did."
"Cas, I'm Sam Winchester." thankfully Sam comes to his rescue, holding out his hand which Castiel gladly shakes. "Sorry about Dean here, I doubt he's hit his caffeine intake to function properly." Sam informs him looking more alert than he has any right to. "So you're the plant warrior?" Dean closes his eyes in embarrassment, the title is just one of many his son has come up with.
"Stop being mad and look!" demanded the Angel, taking heed because Dean liked an authoritative Cas he looked for longer than five seconds.
"None of that matters, Charlie, he'll think he should like it because it's my stuff." at that Charlie rolled her eyes.
"It was nothing overly exciting, I merely swapped one work for another helping my brother with his accounts." Cas sure seemed to work a lot.
"Okay, Daddy, so is Cas coming?" asked Henry, leaving Dean confused and Sam doing his best to keep his laughing to a minimum.
"You are such a sap!" said Cas, allowing himself to be pulled into Dean's arms for their first of many kisses.
"Or my marmalade chicken not to mention vegetables, perhaps Sam and Gilda could help you discover some." Dean completely ignores the suggestion and the high-five.
"No fear Sam-a-lam, I'll shower you in berries." Cas smiled watching the two of them, he loved how sweet and loving Gabriel was with Sam.
The next ten minutes were spent listening to his brother Gabriel wax lyrical about his latest stud muffin he'd met while in California finishing the interior of their latest sale. Hopefully, Gabriel had been able to restrain himself from going too over the top, the purchasing family, were so lovely and Cas really hoped they loved their new home.
"Oh ye of little faith, I've got that covered. Did you think I was going to let you starve?" taking Cas' hand Dean lead him away from the gravel path to steps that bought them to a large patio at the back of the house. A cute metal table with a floral pattern top was laid out with two lots of cutlery, glasses and a jug of iced tea.
"Sorry I'm late Cas, how come you're out here?" he asked, only Cas is too busy sending a lustful gaze at Baby. Since Cas doesn't answer Dean quickly does a sweep with his eyes of the other man - praying Cas won't notice - he's wearing black jeans teamed with a blue t-shirt, he looks good. Getting a little closer without knowing why, until he can smell Cas, that's what he wanted. And holy shit he smells
After a short drive filled with nothing but the sounds of Baby and The Beatles, Dean had pulled in to a circular driveway complete with water feature. The house is what Dean would describe a country house: cream colored with shutters and tall hedges on either side.
"Uncle Sammy, hurry up," called Henry from the hallway, after saying a quick goodbye Dean was alone. Fishing out his phone he stood staring at it, it wasn't like he was averse to Cas helping them, he could see the sense in it.
“It’s nothing.” Dean finally breathed out, eyes lingering on Castiel even when he turned away to press play on the machine, and began helping Jack pick up the basketballs.
The young girl nodded, mouth full of food. "Yup," she hummed, she pulled the fork from her mouth stabbing it back into her food. "I liked the pencakes," she explained. Dean smiled lightly, looking down to his plate. Like was enough for him, all he wanted was for the kids to like him and if pancakes were the start, then that was where their relationship starts. "And I got strewberries, and ice tea. I want to go back."
Sam rolled his eyes, shifting slightly in his seat. “Sometimes you have to swallow your pride, and apologize even if you didn’t do anything.”
“What a bitch,” Dean whispered, causing Claire to raise an eyebrow. He stood and walked over to Cas, saying something that Claire couldn’t make out before he wrapped his arms around the other’s waist. Slowly Dean leant down pressing his lips to Cas’s in a slow, incredibly gross kiss.
Dean wasn’t sure how right Lee was about the whole rich thing, but Dean knew if he had money, he’d eat everything, and anything. Minus spaghetti. He didn't think he'd ever stop eating, pops at restaurants, foods that didn’t come from bags, more than just packs of gums.
Cas’s gaze left Dean and instead he looked across the crowd, something that seemed even busier as he stood in the midst of it all.
A hesitant breath filled Dean’s lungs, the lump that had formed in his throat making it almost impossible to breath. “I think she’s busy,” Dean finally whispered, the words burning against his lips. The guilt of it all, settling in every part of his body, weighing down, twisting his stomach so much it became all he could think of.
Dean threw her into the air, the young girl screaming at the top of her lungs as she was thrown up, then came tumbling down back into the pool. When her head broke back out of the water, she spit some water out, a grin wide across her face. “Again!” she cried.
He had yet to stand, Cas still crouched next to him. He couldn’t find the strength to stand, or move, or be alive. The exhaustion was kicking in and frankly part of him wondered what would happen if he simply let it win.
“It was my birthday last month, and I am eighteen.” Dean looked back to the cashier, though even Dean knew he hadn’t been that convincing. Instead of continuing to argue he puckered his bottom lip slightly, looking up with as pleading of eyes as he could muster. “Okay i’m not eighteen, but they’re for my dad, and he won’t be happy if I don’t get’em.”
Castiel opened his mouth to reply, though the sudden screaming cut him off. Both men looked up to the path in front of them, and to Jack who was running towards them sobbing. "Daddy!" He screamed running to Cas in tears.
The thought continues to spiral as he sits with his hands covering his face, staying that way until the passenger door is pulled open.
The smallest smile grazed Cas’s lips, and for a moment Dean could only grin back. He loved seeing the other happy, even if it was only a small smile for seconds. The way it lit his face, the way it made his eyes shine, it suited Cas.
A smile grazed Dean’s lips as he continued to look to the other. They were so close, shoulders touching, the warmth addicting through the December air, Dean could almost lean in, closer, put his arm around Cas’s shoulder, or maybe pull him for a kiss. Would his lips be cold, even in bitter temperature Dean wasn’t sure it was possible, Cas was always so warm.
Dean didn’t move until he heard the slam of the front door. He then quickly brought the key back to his nose and snorted the second line.
The man’s smile, flat reed for a moment, though other than that he didn’t seem fazed.”No, I haven’t seen him since yesterday.”
She nodded her head in response  “It was my first concert” She trailed off for second, glancing to Dean's hand as he passed her back the notebook and sharpie, “Is it true that you got arrested?”
Dean gave his food a glum stare as he joined his dad and brother at the kitchen table before stabbing it with his fork and stuffing it into his mouth. He continued the action as his brother and dad talked about Sam’s report card, straight A’s as expected; keeping his head down, until John called his name.
Dean slowly moved the piece from the left side of Jack's chest to the right. “What's that noise?” Dean questioned in a dramatic high pitched voice. “Hmm,” He moved the pieces from his ears, placing them around his neck and letting the chest piece fall from his hand and instead hang at from his neck. “Something’s goin’ on riiiiight-” Dean lifted his hand, tapping a finger against Jack’s chest. “Here.”
“And that's my niece, Ellie,” Dean pointed to the young girl, who didn’t respond, instead shuffling the slightest bit closer to Sam. “And my nephew John.”
Dean’s eyes stayed locked on the other man’s as he took a step forward, chin tilted up and back stiff though he still stood at least a head shorter than the other. “‘Cause you’re a bitch,” he spat.
“You’d cried from the moment you arrived until we’d left,” Cas continued. “Me and Dean agreed it was best if only I came to visit, but that didn’t stop him from keeping in contact, he’d write at least once a week to you and it was only when you were twelve and had never written back that he stopped.”
Dean paused for a moment, his gaze darting across the other’s face. His slightly pinkening noise, the unreadable expression his features sat in, his tousled black hair. He spoke in a mostly flat tone, though there was something else to it, something lighter, possibly consideration. Dean hoped so.
“Pinky promise.” Dean raised his pinky to the other, pretending to lock their fingers, before he gave one last goodbye, and stepped out of the apartment.
“Now sign here.” Dean brought the pencil to the bottom of the page, quickly scribbling out his signature across the small line. “And your free to go.”
"Walk slow through the fire, like, who gon' try us? Feeling the world go against us, so we put the world on our shoulders." -Suicide Squad, Sucker For Pain
A groan passed his lips as he pushed himself into a sitting position, one hand raising to his eyes to rub at them, and then his nose that even now the burning could still be felt. “Water?” Dean’s gaze looked up to his brother, who was stood next to the couch, a cup in hand.
By the time he’d rapped the last line and handed the microphone off to Lee to sing the chorus, he was gasping for breaths. Body seeming on the verge of collapsing under his own weight. Heart somewhere between hammering, and stopping.
“One day, I think I was twenty, my dad just didn’t come back.” Dean wiped the palms of his hands across his eyes and inhaled before he continued speaking. “I had a job but it wasn't enough, so I stole what I could. I got caught a handful of times, but I was lucky and they only recorded three of them, I eventually got my shit together but that didn't clean my record,”
The women stepped forward and immediately Dean pushed himself from the ground, his head spinning slightly at the sound movement. “I said, I’m fine.”
Cas didn’t look away, his gaze staying on Dean, and Dean did the same, studying the blue shade. All he could hear was the hammering of his own heart, louder than his breath, or the creaking of the wood as he shifted his weight from one foot to the. They stood without moving, not that Dean minded. The only problem for him was the distance between them, the foot that could easily be closed with just one step.
Sam glanced around the small group he stood with, gaze darting from one boy to the next as they passed around a cigarette, there were only four of them in total it wouldn’t be long till it got to him. He probably should say no, Dean would kill him if he smelt even a trace of smoke on Sam’s clothing. He probably should say no but he didn’t think he could. Maybe the school bell would ring first, though as Sam glanced over his shoulder it seemed the school was perfectly content with sitting in silence.
“I didn’t ask for your help!” Dean snapped, looking back at his brother as he clenched his fists. “It’s not your fucking problem, it’s mine,” Dean screamened. “I didn’t fucking need you in LA, and don’t fucking need you now!” He took a deep breath, eyes glancing across Sam’s defeated look, his hazy eyes, and slightly reddened nose. He looked awful. “So get that through your thick fucking head! I’m fine on my own!”
“I was in the kitchen preparing dinner,” at the low hum of Dean’s voice Cas’s gaze darts back up to the others face, a heat flaring across his own neck. “After I got the food in the stove I went upstairs to have a bath and when I came back down-“ Dean’s eyes dart down Cas’s body, tongue swiping across his bottom lip. “My husband was dead.”
Dean nodded awkwardly glancing back down to his menu. "Your dad said you're starting school soon, are you guys excited?"
“We’ll slap your pretty face on it, and no one will care about the music.” Dean didn’t reply, and for a moment Crolwey didn’t continue, the car once again falling in a silence, as they turned onto Dean’s road. “Things are looking good for you,” Crowley finally continued, “the whole Jack act, the press is adoring it.”
Dean couldn’t help the small tug of his lips, as he turned away from Jack, and instead faced forward, eyes on the front window of Baby, and the thin layer of snow already covered the glass. “We’ll watch it next weekend,” Dean said as he pulled out the keys, shoving them into his jacket pocket before he undid his seat belt.
“The album’s going to be shit,” Dean finally said, breaking the silence they’d sat in for most of the drive. He didn’t look to the other, even as Crowley cleared his throat, keeping his gaze firmly on the window.
Dean clenched his fists, glaring as harshly as he could at the other. He was going to stab Logan, and then Sam.“When Cas presses” Dean began, voice steady but harsh, his blood boiling. “What’re his chances of winning?”
“Dean,” she begins softly, her tone gentle, too gentle. Why couldn't she just yell at him, it'd be easier. It wouldn’t bring the weight to his stomach, or the burning to the tip of his nose. “I asked you to write a five paragraph essay on how war affects humanity using the texts we’ve been reading over the past month.” She pauses, “you gave me a paragraph.”
Standing there, the early November light causing his skin to have a pale tone. While a smile spread wide across his face as he watched his son ride up and down the park paths.
As Sam studied her untouched arm, Dean slowly shifted the towel from around his waist to over his shoulders, hoping it was enough that his own arm couldn’t be seen. “I don’t see anything, princess.”
Hollow eyes started back, green irises locked on green irises, on the dark bags under them, on his skin that was no longer pale but ashen.
“Okay.” Cas’s arms wrapped around him and this time he lent into the touch, burying his face into his angels chest, as sobs passed his lips, tears continuing to stain his cheeks. “whenever you’re ready.”
He knew the euphoria it would bring. The small pinch as the needle broke his skin. The dilating of his eyes, becoming almost nothing but black. He knew the after effect. The cravings. He knew the drug inside and out, and it knew him. It knew how to pull his strings, how to have him on his hands and knees begging.
He didn’t open his eyes. He didn’t move. He didn’t think he could, every muscle in his body aching, his stomach searing in pain, desperate for food. Even if he wanted to, he didn’t think he could eat, he couldn’t imagine food passing his lips, going down his throat, sitting in his stomach to develop into fat.
“Growing up he had… problems, getting into fights, skipping school, stealing, he was always looking for attention,” Chuck said. He brought the cup to his lips, taking a small sip before continuing. “I didn’t want Castiel around that, he was a nice kid and too trusting for his own good, but your father is incredibly stubborn and wouldn’t listen to me. I don’t know how many times I’d found Dean climbing through his bedroom window.”
I hope you're all doing great, I'm struggling from lack of sleep! but oh well! On a better note I got roller skates for my birthday!! They're awesome even though I'm pretty sure I'm going to break every bone in my body!
“Thank you,” Dean cried, not caring to hide the anger that was so clear in his voice. “Thank you so fuckin’ much doctor Phil.”
Dean didn’t wait for a response, instead turning and stomping out of the bathroom, with as heavy steps as he could muster. The quick movements sent his head spinning. The ringing in his ears only became louder as he reached out for the wall, continuing to stumble through the apartment, and out the front door.
There was a moment where Cas didn’t respond, the hesitation, and uncertainty clear across his face clear to even Dean. “Not now Bee,” Cas replied, “can you put it back please.”
The moment Cas saw Dean he turned, walking as quickly as he could to the stairway, “no wait Cas.” Dean ran forward, running through the hall, and into the stairwell, “Cas,” He yelled again  trying to get the other man to stop, though when he didn't, Dean reached out grabbing his wrist.
“Dean, you have no reason to apologize, I was overreacting.” Castiel replied. He then pressed his lips in a tight line, his blue eyes staying on Dean. He sat almost frozen, his hands gripping the newspaper and envelope, his shoulders back in his usual perfect posture.
“Then you can take them off,” Dean grit his teeth, slowly he raised his shaking hand, and pulled the sunglasses from his face. He didn’t know what to expect, some dramatic gasp from his brother, violin music playing in the background, but Sam’s expression didn’t change, only seeming more defeated. “Do you have any on you?”
“Your neighbours,” Cas began. His gaze drops to the paper that was resting blank on the table in front of him, his pen hesitating over the page. “They said they didn’t see anyone arrive or leave.”
He could hear the sound of clicking heels behind him, and then a harsh grip at his upper arm, forcing Dean to stop in place.
“No it was a hale Mary.” The women raised an eyebrow, which Dean assumed ment please explain. “My brother wanted to go to Stanford, and there was no way in hell we could afford it. We didn’t have any money saved, our dad wasn’t going t’be any help. It was either that or I started selling myself.”
He took a deep breath, the air barely filling his lungs as he tried to calm the panic that still built up. One breath, then another. A third breath, slow and forced. Why couldn’t he calm down, why was he so tense. Why couldn’t he fix it.
When he reached the end of the roof he let his hands fall back to his side, continuing the rest of the way to his front door, and into his kitchen. Inside he could hear low talking from the living room, though before he continued he stopped at his fridge grabbing a bottle of beer.
“Where were you,” Cas spat. Dean’s gaze went from Logan to Cas, then back again. Breath hitched in his throat.
“How about you go find your desk, well I talk to your teacher?” Sam suggested when they’d walked in.
They spent the rest of the day at the cliffs, the sun warming her skin as she jumped in the water or sat at the edge laughing as Cas pushed Dean back in. It’s almost too easy, too soft, the feelings, the thoughts, the actions, and yet she couldn’t, the happiness was so refreshing she couldn't help but welcome it.
“Come on.” Cas finally looked away from the direction Dean had walked off and back to Sam, the other man already stepped towards the crowd.
“Pen-” Jack began slowly, his face scrunched slightly in concentration, as he attempted to say the word. “Jin!”
“I’m not fuckin’ flying,” Dean snapped. “I can drive myself without-” Before he could continue a low knocking came from the front, causing Sam to begin standing. “I got it,” Dean grumbled.
“You know,” Bobby finally began, voice holding a pained tone that he hadn’t spoken in before. “You didn’t have to cut me out.”
“What happened?” Sam asked the concern clear across his face, and in his voice. He slowly reached out for Ellie’s arm slowly, and this time she let him, showing him her forearm the same way she had to Dean.
“Fuck-” Dean replied, getting a glare from his brother, though it brought no fear. They would be fine, Crowley would get them out of it. “Four- six months, what is this Jeopardy?”
No matter how much his stomach weighed down, or his mind begged him to stop, to drop down and die there, he couldn't his fear of LA’s streets enough to keep him going. He loved the city, even after spending his whole childhood traveling, LA had always been his favourite. With the endless lights, and clubs, it was all incredibly luxiourse, though that was all just a mask for what came at night. Something the longer Dean lived there the more it became clear. One night too long, one too many parties and you were overdosing, or left vulnerable for anyone willing to take advantage. Dean had seen it enough times for even himself to be fearful as he walked through the silent suburbs, the withdrawal not helping his paranoia.
"That was Lisa," Dean said, shoving his phone back into his pocket. The girl from the bar, Cas assumed, he hadn't been listening enough to get her name. "Shit Cas, she wants to get some drinks!"
Sam’s expression dropped, once again into worry. “Honey- El,” Sam ran a hand through her hair, attempting to brush the strands from her face. “What’s wrong.”
“Oh great, how longs the asshole gone,” though Dean didn’t fully intend it as a joke the words came out much harsher than he’d meant. The glare that had crossed Castiel’s features only confirming it.
“Are you able to talk after class Dear?” She asks softly, Dean only managing to give a small nod of his head before she walks off again. “And have a good weekend everyone,” Rowena calls just as the bell rings.
Cas said something else before Jack grabbed his backpack and crossed his arms across his chest. He turned away, his lips still puckered in a frown and nose scrunched adorably, as he stomped past Dean and into the house, slamming the front door behind him.
It wasn’t until Dean had stepped out of the stairwell and into the second floor’s hallway that he realized where he was going; Balthazar's apartment. Despite his realization he continued to walk forward, getting closer to the other man's apartment with each step.
He sighed when footsteps grew close. "Can you just fucking leave me alone," Dean snapped, no longer able to handle the constant press. They'd followed him from his until he was far out of LA, and that was what he hoped was the last of them. Apparently 1967 Chevy Impalas don't blend in well. "Do you want an autograph? Or money?" Dean's eyes snapped open, his mouth quickly dropping as he stared at the elder woman in front of him.
He wasn’t sure if there was a bitterness to his voice, or an anger. He should have been mad, furious at the tabloids for calling hsi panic attack drug trip, though all he could find was exhaustion. Every inch of his body aching from the sleepless nights, his mind still foggy from the alcohol, aware that he existed though not seeming ready to accept it, or willing to function enough to do something about it.
It was sometime during the bridge when the dancing had stopped. A grin still plastered across Dean’s face,a  smile across Cas’s. Their breath’s heavy, lungs burning, though Dean wouldn’t have it any other way,as his eyes stayed firmly on the other’s, less than a foot between them.
Before the man could continue he was interrupted by the ringing of Dean’s phone, Ramble On blaring through the quite shop. “One sec,” Dean grumbled. He grabbed his phone from his back pocket, the screen immediately lighting with his dad's name. Double fuck. “I’ve- I’ve gotta take this.”
“Why do say stuff like that?” Dean squinted slightly, watching the other in curiosity as she flipped through her papers. “In the week i’ve known you, you’ve said that you probably deserve it all, should have been killed by your overdose, have called yourself dumb, worthless, useless, and a fag.” She placed the papers back down, folding her hands onto her desk, before looking back up to Dean, “Dean, this is just the start of things i’ve heard you say, I could keep going. Why do you talk about yourself this way?”
But they liked other each, Sam said Cas was cool. Besides Sam wasn't mean he was the good Winchester.
"Sam will be there and you'll have already been to the house by that point and you can invite your brother or someone from the center, please think about it no pressure." Cas nodded leaving Dean feeling victorious (prematurely but so what).
"Oh shit," Cas listened as he heard a lot of muted swearing and clipped conversations meaning Gabriel was on the move, soon enough he heard his voice again, "Winchester, you seen the time?" shouted Gabriel.
"Look whatever has you all tied up, and not in a fun way." she winked. "Maybe go somewhere that'll help." A solution crashed over him, Cas could help, or more specifically his business could. Maybe surrounding himself with plants could jog his memory, it couldn't hurt.
"Hello Dean." shit this was meant to be an under the radar mission, not one filled with blue eyes and that voice. Since he couldn't as an adult run away, Dean turned around.
Sitting like this, the three of them with himself and Cas fawning over photos, it feels like they're a family. It feels good, but does he want that?
Glancing quickly at Sam his brother offered a wane smiled, Dean found it settling his frayed nerves. "He's talking with Jody for a bit."
"Sammy, I'm okay, Cas too. He's a bit shaken and Hive is trashed, we'll be at the police station soon. If you want to meet us, let me speak to Henry."
"Don't you worry Kiddo, I have a feeling we'll see each other again soon, I gotta go help Cassie prepare for his book reveal anyways," he finished watching Sam's eyes go wide.
"But no ghost stories," Dean commanded pointing his finger at the man who was basically a surrogate father to him and Sam, Henry had always called him Grandpa and had never been corrected. He knew they weren't actually related but in Bobby's words: Family doesn't end with blood.
"I'm good, would you guys like any food before I wrap it?" Dean shakes his head knowing Henry is stepping closer to the pile of brownies to the right of him.
In truth Castiel wasn't his only obsession, ever since Henry's comment at the nursery, he'd been plagued by thoughts of his Mom. He didn't like to dwell on thoughts of her, the loss still too raw often feeling blindsided by it. Currently, guilt was clutching at him, it was stupid, he was only four when she died.
"Out for more candy?" damn he should've paid more attention to the little rascal if that was the case, he was almost out of pie.
Cas loved his rare days off, sometimes like today he’d use them to potter around the house he thought of it as a recharge.
"Would you like to join us? We're watching Star Wars and a Christmas Movie," hell yes a double feature.
It's not fair to keep him in the dark like a secret. If what Sam hopes is happening between them is then he wants Dean to meet him. Plus Dean will be a fucking cash in for the bakery. He may have stopped trying to trip Sam into a reveal, but that didn't stop the sad eyes whenever he ate a pie that wasn't Gabriel's.
"Cas!" shouts Henry which is quickly followed by a groan. Dean looks down to see Henry obviously worried as Cas jumps up from the floor rubbing his head.
"That was the pilot, Dean," informed Cas, oh right, Dean was beginning to suspect whatever Ash had given him was starting to take effect. "How are you feeling?" asked Cas.
Which is ridiculous considering how long it took to purchase them having to battle through hearing his Dad's voice first. Even after that small success, he'd only worn them once, it made him feel silly and once he was more relaxed it had felt good, really good.
"Why? They won't let you leave earlier, I could have given you a ride," suggested Gabriel causing Cas to laugh.
"Oh shit, do you have his number?" If Dean had been right in his earlier assessment that Gabriel was as much of a big brother as him. It may be not the best idea to call him in the dead of night with news such as this.
"Dean, the reason I calmed things down in the hall is because I want to take my time with you," Dean gasped his body reacting with a shudder.
Did Cas know what he'd done? No, of course not that was silly. Unless did gay people really have gaydar? Was that a real thing? Could Cas look at him and see his ever-changing feelings?
"Guess so," remarked Dean half-heartedly as Sam's eyes flicked to the uneaten pie before landing on Dean.
"Wow, Gabe did you leave anything for someone else? Asked Sam casting his eyes over the loot, weirdly he noticed a small paper bag with the shop's logo, had Gabriel already purchased something?
"Yep, definitely his signature moves right there," Dean had no idea who said that due to the rushing in his ears along with his sudden loss of appetite. He got up out of his chair, moving quickly to pull open the door to reception.
"Hey, don't be too down in the dumps, the day isn't over yet," encouraged his Mom, her eyes alight with something he couldn't name.
"He kept it all a secret?" asked Dean looking astonished even though he didn't know the guy he had a feeling secrets weren't his style.
"Well the feeling is mutual, Henry is a really special kid." Castiel interjects. "He's welcome anytime at the center." its now Dean notices, seeing Cas is trying to be casual about it but for whatever reason, he's looking at his and Sam's hands.
Flowers? Thank God he'd asked before that disaster, Henry jumped quickly to his feet shouting "Wait right there!" to his Uncle before charging up the stairs to his room.
"Oh wow," reaching for it Dean took a sip not knowing what to expect, "Guys, its apple it's really good. Charlie, what did you get?"
As his eyes adjusted Cas looked around the room finding Charlie sprawled in what he deemed an uncomfortable position in an armchair, while Sam and Gabriel were snuggled tightly on the floor. There was no sign of Kevin perhaps he'd left already.
"No, I thought we could do up the garden, Cas could hook us up with plants and then we could go for a movie." finally the words were out, was it a good idea? It wasn't exactly a normal birthday activity.
The room seems so much smaller now considering how much time he spent here. A feeling of what he guesses is pride settles in his stomach, because he's finally doing it, living as he wanted and it's actually working. The only major roadblock is his massive crush on Cas.
"Dude next time lead with this! I'm in," Said Dean completely serious, "You got anything else you need to share?"
"Leave him be, the man is admiring your magnets." Charlie playfully punches Dean's arm he hoped it hadn't sounded mean he was just thirsty. "I'm with you Cas, often I too wish to steal Yoda away for my own fridge." Charlie's eyes had glazed over, Dean knew if he was ever kind enough to let her have him she'd probably faint or something.
Once safely ensconced in the downstairs bathroom Gabriel took a few deep breaths and splashed his face in cold water. It wasn't long before there was a knock on the door.
"It could be an ulterior motive, the old I'll let them date and it'll fizzle out," Sam shook his head while Dean laughed again.
"Cas!" Dean stops still at the sight of his hopefully future boyfriend standing in the kitchen, "You're here?"
Looking a little apprehensive the kid nodded opening the tin and passing one wrapped in a green paper case. "They're raspberry oatmeal."
"There's never too much candy!" he screamed sending Bal a frightful glare. "You want answers Cassie, I'll get them for you." Oh God, why should that sound so unsettling.
"You wish, Darling," teased Bal, Cas was trying to figure how to straighten (haha) out this whole saga when Gabriel clapped his hands together.
“I want to,” replied Dean quick to notice how happy Sam looked at his response, the sound of the doorbell halted any further discussion. “It’ll be Jo dropping of Henry,” informed Dean before took point to answer the door.
Having finished his Chem paper early almost made up for his car being broken, hopefully, with a few more shifts at the petrol station, he would have enough saved to get it fixed.
"A little," Dean continued taking everything in suddenly realizing he was sitting under a load of mistletoe with Cas!
Dean arrives home happy to see Cas' car in his spot, in fact, he couldn't remember being so happy to see a Prius before. Once, Baby, is safe Dean heads in, completely bypassing his floor heading to the one above, to Cas.
The only downfall to this new life was Cas' eagerness to introduce him to his brother (the other one) so Dean's reasoning being what it was decided if he was getting thrown under the bus then so could Cas. It hadn't been easy but Dean had used all his wiles to put Cas off until Sam returned home.
"Charlie, can you talk? You won't believe what just happened." Dean leans on his car once the hood is down not willing to injure himself again.
"Let me help." the words are out before Dean knows what he's saying. It was just Henry looked so down, Cas too. Taking a breath he tries again, "Please, if I can help, let me."
"Here you go, on the house," the brothers turned to find Ruby placing an orange paper bag on the counter.
Henry looks at both of them, tongue between his lips his usual thinking gesture. "You're cool Dad, just not Uncle Sam cool." Sam can't help but laugh, his nephew is a great kid.
Surely not, Dean immediately called his little brother, "Sammy are you scared of Cas?" he asked trying to keep from laughing.
That had felt like hours ago, soon enough the silence was broken by the distant sound of Gabriel as he and Sam popped around the corner, "Dean-o, what's the sit- Cassie," Dean watched the usual jovial expression gracing Gabe's face flood away for concern as he made his way over immediately pulling Cas into his arms.
Dean promising payback later moved his eyes to the screen seeing results for planning the perfect Christmas, “This again?” questioned Dean.
"Sammy, please don't lie, Baby, you're such a good boy," Sam felt his cock twitch in his pants as a moan left his lips.
The four of them trickled out into the garden Dean called Charlie over glancing around at the rest of his guests. Ash was with Jo, by the drinks as Benny manned the grill lightly quarreling with Victor, everyone else was either eating or drinking and enjoying the sun.
“They’re not my friends, they never were,” claimed Meg “So are you going to let me in or what?” Cas tried to stop the smile from forming, Meg had always been snarky it was nice to know not everything had changed.
Entering the double conference rooms (armed with lanyards, maps and an itinerary) on the morning of May fourth was blissful , they scored free Star Wars cupcakes on entry. Dean grabbing Chewbacca and getting Sam's BB8 once he'd finished his own. Guess there were some pretty cool advantages to having a brother like Sam, it certainly wasn't his vegetarian lasagne.
Letting out a sigh, Dean hopes for calm knowing Charlie is only being obtuse to rile him up, it's kind of their thing. "No, it's no one's birthday, I like him okay." he was the least worried about her reaction (there had been a few comments, turns out he was the obtuse one) they're best friends and in her own words she's hella gay, though he'd wished for less screaming.
"Do you want the gifts to stop? I was being over-ambitious thinking it wouldn't get out before the end."
"Whatever has had your panties in a twist the whole night." Dean feeling lighter waggled his eyebrows at his brother. "Do me a favor and don't speak that thought into existence, I don't need firsthand knowledge of any kinks."
Lunch was another let down and perhaps a little like relief, only because fifty minutes felt like a lot of pressure to be around Cas especially if the no school rule was still ongoing.
"Hey, was Henry good today?" he asks for something to say, already knowing the answer. Henry is a good kid, sometimes Dean can't believe how lucky he is.
"Well if it's okay with your Dad I have something you could help me with," informs Cas. "It's something fun." Dean gives his blessing after helping Henry with some wipes Cas has on hand. Before following him back outside to where the Hive vehicles are parked.
"Dean, that's your third beer." he glared at her like pointing out the obvious was helpful. "Okay, um Sam, make some coffee, Dean take a breath and remember everything went okay Kevin pulled off the gift tag excellently." Charlie reminded him.
"Wouldn't dream of it," said Sam flashing a smile that had Gabriel moving to place a kiss on Sam's cheek.
"Uncle Sammy?" he pushes the door open running toward the sofa, his Uncle doesn't react until he's right in front of him.
"No, Michael was ever only a gentleman. You've been harassing me for weeks!" screamed Cas while his voice was laced with fear.
"What's not my style?" asked John, causing everyone to jump. Dean imagined his stealth entry wasn't likely to change Gabriel's mind.
"Yeah?" Cas nods, "Thanks, Cas," Dean closes his eyes for all of a second, "Can you look out for Sam as well?"
"No doubt, it was interesting to meet you, Dean," yeah right, he wasn't returning those platitudes until he knew what was going on. Silence reigned until they were alone, Cas taking the first step.
"Yes, I like them. He said I could work on it since it was overgrown and neglected, he blamed his knees. He was doing it to distract me, it worked and I found it helped, I quickly came to love it."
"They're honey madeleines." Cas finally answers coming to stand next to Dean the familiar scent of his cologne filling the air. "Mr. Turner, it's great to see you." greets Cas on spotting him.
At that moment, Sam caught Cas' eyes, he knew they were thinking the exact same thing: That now was the time both Dean and Gabriel chose to be so respectful of each other, though truly if anything was going to do it it would be Sam or perhaps maybe him.
When Cas and Meg were in pancake heaven he went in for the kill, “Meg, why did you start hanging out with them? It felt so abrupt only it wasn't, not really, something must have happened.”
“Drink the water,” without thought Dean did as instructed, Cas’ voice sounded even warmer than usual. “What do you want?”
"To bed, anything to get morning here quicker." Sam groans, worried that when he comes home tomorrow it'll be overrun with pie.
Since the place came with its own car park, he knew it couldn't be a small operation. But he was still surprised by its scale, how many plants could there possibly be? He wasn't exactly green-fingered, plants not really pinging on his radar. Unless someone invented a plant that could grow bacon cheeseburgers, he imagined things staying that way.
Smiling Cas opened the door to a whoosh of color running past them to the stairs, a bad feeling was quickly making itself known in Dean's stomach which was unfair because the air had the unmistakable aroma of pie. Continuing toward the kitchen they found Sam staring out the window, Cas quickly asking if he was okay before he got the chance.
Dean was seeing to the finishing touches when his cell rang, it was Sam. "So did you do it?" fucking Charlie, truthfully her blabbing came as no real surprise.
"Hey stop it, I'm going to care for it like no plant has ever experience before" he laughed,  they talked a while more, Dean wanted nothing more to keep on talking to Cas, but he had an early start in the morning. So reluctantly he said goodbye, albeit, with a smile, he was getting to like this new friendship.
"We can come today after school." Cas nodded his agreement. "You're letting me pay for the plants, right?"
After watching their choice of movie (Thor: Ragnorok because awesome) finishing the pizza and two more beers Dean was feeling more than tipsy. Which had him heading upstairs to his recently old bedroom.
Once the bunker was decorated to Gabriel’s exact specification and Sam had hidden the items for the Angel to make mischief life returned to normal.
Dean recognized the familiar feeling of nervous invade his stomach as he began his wait in line. Introducing yourself to someone after you've chatted extensively online about the intricacies of Star Wars, the Upside Down, Saga (when would the hiatus end!) and many more felt somewhat weird.
"My son is planning a surprise? Cas that is a very worrying sentence." Dean wished he could close off his brain to the sudden onslaught of images.
"Because you keep dancing around each other, I've never seen you so happy before and if I can see it so can everyone else," Sam shouted his expression full of disappointment.
The whereabouts of his sketchbook became all too clear, grabbing hold of Charlie he steered her to the opposite side of the doors, away from the Novaks.
"Jeez thanks for the support." guilt flashed in Sam's face (rightfully so) making him sit back down, teetering on the edge.
Castiel? What kind of name was that? Dean had heard many inventive names before, but none like this. Though it definitely suited the man standing before him. Trying not get entranced by those eyes he took a more overall look. He was about Dean's height, his body slight but not lacking definition, golden brown skin, and black sex hair. Dean had never looked at a man so closely before, he felt unable to tear his eyes away from the stunning stranger. Wait stunning, what the hell?
The sight before him had Gabriel buzzing, not the packet of gummy sour worms he'd eaten in record time. No, these butterflies were of the Sam Winchester variety having kept an eye out for him all morning to finally find him amongst the merchandise stands was so very welcome.
"Cassie you promised to play Twister and be on my team," whined Gabriel having got the upper hand on Sam for the moment. "Please, I need your flexibility."
"That's okay, I understand," said Cas his cute smile already in place, seeing the honesty in his eyes he knew it was true.
"Shut up, you know me through the internet, you can't interpret my body language this early," she chastised jokingly before shooing them away.
"Henry, hurry up!" ignoring the plea for speed Henry continued his search. Picking something to cheer Cas up was no easy matter his first thought had been Chomps, obviously. An option that was looking more likely, weirdly he didn't have any garden themed soft toys if that was even a thing.
Deciding on a tuna melt Cas reached for the sweetcorn when the rumble of the Impala was heard causing him to fumble the bowl scattering corn over the worktop.
Dean texted back it was fine that he'd give is phone over tonight, knowing Henry would be delighted had his mood brightening. Reluctantly he put his phone down, hoping to do some paperwork (which he hated) or at least the most urgent. Luckily Charlie saved him.
"Those are for me?" he asked not quite believing it. At Gabriel's nod stepped closer, they all looked so good. One was obviously pecan, two had pastry tops so he imagined they were bursting with fruit, there was one cloud pie and the last one was chocolate with a swirl pattern.
Charlie was quick to cut him off "Anxiety, I know and I'm not being pissy over it, but Dean, he had a friend with him and you didn't leave him with a pack of wolves, it was a garden party."
"Really?" Dean can only nod, all the while sending Sam some thoughts telepathically. He has to hand it to his brother for knowing when to strike since Henry hates to see them fight he can't let out any of the harsh words he wants to.
Sam was extremely curious about this Castiel, he couldn't remeber meeting anyone more his brother's type before. He was definitely up for scoping him out. "Alright Egg, let's go." he agreed, watching his nephew break out in a huge smile, running quickly to the car.
"Excellent idea, Samsquatch," smiled Gabriel grabbing the box, "We'll leave you two to talk," he added with a wink.
"Yeah Dean I would, did you get everything? Do you need some cash?" gawking Dean was unable to respond at first.
"Christ, Sammy you scared the shit out of me," berated Dean getting out of his chair while Sam laughed.
"Happy Birthday Henry!" announced Cas after closing the van emblazoned with the Hive name and logo on the side. Cas bent his knees to be closer to Henry, holding out a gift bag.
More excitingly his car was almost fixed, watching Dean get greasy in a tight white vest was an exercise in torture. So he had willingly distracted himself by asking to help so now he knew more about cars than he would have ever believed.
Cas had been the dutiful boyfriend, quick with reassurances that it didn't matter what Gabriel thought or that he could bribe him with candy. Dean was still nervous because this was important, Cas was important.
"Yep, I've never seen Gabriel so excited and that's like his base level," signed Sam rolling his shoulders.
"Cas?" blinking back to the present he found Sam looking at him, "Do you need me to call anyone about Hive?"
"Nah, he's out like a light, Bobby and Ellen went a little mad with the food." Sam smiles wishing he'd been there, working back to back cases was making him bad company. Today he'd just gone for a drive before seeing Gabriel.
"Good point, Henry. So secret pie keeper person, what were you doing in such a place?" Sam blushed, muttering quickly that he had work to do before running upstairs.
"You know why, Meg. Now you can either buy something and leave or just leave. Besides, I already have plans later." adding that last part so she wouldn't be hanging around until he finished.
"Dean, we need to slow down, fuck you're so responsive," suddenly Cas' hands were on his arms pushing them back as he stepped away.
"Cool, let's hear it, if it's a party at Hive I'll think it'll be an easy sell." was that some kind of jab, Dean couldn't tell, already knowing he was overly sensitive to discussion of Hive and Cas, though he tried his best to appear aloof.
Turning to face him he noticed a pot of jello in one hand the other wielding a spoon ready to plunge into the deep red dessert, "Cas, where did you get that?"
"Good?" both Dean and Henry nod, too lost in chocolatey goodness to use actual words. "I always send out for food on days like this, for my employees." Dean raises his eyebrows, even he didn't do that for his guys. Christ Cas was showing him up in the boss department.
He didn't need to know about the third, especially when he'd only get one slice of the thing. In his wait for a reply, Dean called Cas' cell.
Oh wow, it was beautiful. The whole Impala was decorated in hanging mistletoe and fairy lights, far from tacky it real pretty.
"Heaven Sent." the look on his face is confirmation Dean has no clue what he's talking about. "It's the bakery, where I got the pie."
"Normally I'd bite your hand off, only you promised me this place had the best cheeseburgers." oh fuck, Cas not only liked cars but cheeseburgers too. He was perfect, and Dean could see their friendship being a success, it thrilled him.
For all his protests at the station, Cas sprung from the car quickly falling into his brother's embrace, exhausted. Dean certainly couldn't blame him a closer look at Gabriel showed the obvious worry etched into his face.
"Hey Cas, what are you doing?" his eyes close at the question, the guy fucking works here. Why does he become so unglued around him?
Woah, time out, Cas hit the breaks quick on his inner gushing. "Maybe we could come next year and bring Henry along,"
His whole team was here - already forewarned to be on their best behavior - setting up in the garden as Dean checked his supplies hoping he'd had enough alcohol, Benny was still down after his break-up and the man could drink at the best of times, Victor too.
"Maybe," replied Gabriel playing coy only for Sam to raise his eyebrow, "Fine but I have a plan, say could you hide this in your closet?"
"Again no, besides I don't gift wrap." her words didn't come that way either, she was often more scary than the actual teachers. Watching intently Cas was surprised as she placed a neatly wrapped package on the counter.
"He did! That kid still surprises me." Gabriel, however, sounds delighted. "Sorry to disappoint, the only healthy thing you'll find here is the spinach in my quiches or muffins. Any goodness is negated by the butter and cheese," he added proceeding to line the counter with pies.
"No need Sammo, I'm pretty sure she works at the bakery in town, um House of Carbs. Besides this kind of thing is best done on an ambush, she'll only lie otherwise." Sam stopping his search looked closely at Gabriel making the older boy feel like he was being looked at through a microscope.
"Sammy never buys me candy, not even to woo me!" he exclaims, though it had been Gabriel chasing after Sam not that the younger Winchester had needed much encouragement.
"Don't sass me, you're not screwing anything up. There's nothing wrong with taking some time especially with something new but sooner or later you need to make a choice. I wish I could tell you it's going to be easy but I'm not a liar, what I will say is that I believe you and Cas have a shot at something really good."
"So will I appreciate it?" he asked pushing for details, a quick glance at Cas showed he wasn't impressed.
Sorry this took forever, it was pretty much finished until I decided it didn't work. Jesse and Cesar were going to be in this chapter as employees at Hive. Only it didn't gel with Cas' storyline.
"Gabriel is more suited to the fun side of things, it would be so much worse left to him and I have a head for figures." Dean's mind flashed back to first meeting Castiel, he may have a head for figures but he had one impressive physique too.
Oh yeah, and he'd sent the books today, books that Cas was looking at right now. Hopefully, he was deciding which one to read first assuming he liked them. Gift giving had never made him so nervous before.
"Why would Bal give me this?" Cas asked as it was pushed into his hands, the paper was white with tiny black flowers, the ribbon was green.
"Cassie that was beautiful," said Gabriel who clicking his fingers had the tree out of the Winchesters grip (damn, it had been nice to watch) and set perfectly where Cas' suggested.
Cas felt his cheeks heat, quickly checking the store to make sure it was empty. He definitely doesn't need an audience for this, heading back to his first scout (the store not being very big) passing the peanut butter and jelly to reach the honey. Immediately checking the best they have to offer, Cas likes his honey clear and drizzly. Unsurprised but happy to find some stickers poking out between jars.
"It just occurred to me that all of our many movie nights are spent at your place, I would hate to be intruding." Cas smiled.
"Um, I hope you don't mind me asking, but where is Henry's Mom?" Cas asked quietly in a way that had Dean thinking he'd been undecided about going down this road.
Dean found himself staring and got caught. And of course, this unnamed man with messy hair, amazing blue eyes was gorgeous. Dean was blushing in no time, thankfully the stranger was nice enough to pretend not to notice, instead choosing to smile and welcome him to the building.
"He did, he's pretty cool actually though a little odd. He seemed pretty upset when he realized it was only the two of us."
"Since it's getting late, I selected some plants already for you to look at." Castiel said walking away with Henry close by, pushing all thoughts aside Dean moves to join them at the back of the shop. Castiel pulls out a tray filled with plants, he recognises the standard ones: sunflowers, roses and a lily the rest are just colours.
"Daddy!" fuck, he'd wondered if leaving in the middle of the night would have woken Henry. The kid had some kind of radar for the Impala.
"Now we might not just start digging but I have no qualms about testing, so grab something and let's see what we get," Cas demanded. This was now time for Dean and Sam to shine (finally), lifting they could do.
"Don't worry, Dean will tell me everything or allow you to by the end of the day." Sam raised his eyebrows at Gabriel's surety. "We just need a little drama."
"Sammy, I'm not paranoid and your father is legit scary." moaned Gabriel looking unimpressed when both Sam and Dean laughed.
“Sam, how are we supposed to pull this off? Sam took back the laptop moving to sit on the sofa once Dean brought his legs up "We don’t know the first thing about Christmas.”
"Can you look after Henry Saturday night?" Sam nodded not missing the question in his eyes. "I'm taking Cas out."
"My Grandad, Gabriel and I were living with him as teenagers." Cas stopped as if expecting Dean to launch in a load of questions, sensing Cas was uncomfortable he gestured for to keep going. "I was in a bad place, anyway he had this huge garden out the back and I used to sit out there and watch the bees." now that was something Dean couldn't let slip by.
"I'm so thrilled you remembered Dean, can I hug you?" Cas asked stepping closer, nodding Dean moved to pull Cas into his arms. Holy hell, it felt good and so right, with Cas everything did.
"Look, Dean I won't lie, the kid is a walking target and he may well have been if not for two reasons. The first being Gabriel, his pranks are legendary, imagine if he was after revenge." Dean really doesn't want to imagine that.
Dean went to say something only the words caught in his throat, in fact, he didn't even know what the words were. Sam gave him a look filled with anger and guilt.
"I like it, my older brother lumbered me with Cassie years ago and it stuck a little too well." Dean chuckles before trying his best to cover it with a cough. "Hey, you can laugh I won't hold it against you." since he has permission Dean does so. "Well I should be going, it was really nice to speak with you, Dean."
"Yeah?" Dean asked enjoying the rush of excitement through his body, it was short lived when Charlie suddenly popped her head up over the reception desk looking extremely happy with herself.
"Henry I have to go to work, it should only take an hour or so." Dean grabs his leather jacket off the couch, muttering quietly about his customers. Sam taking interest in Henry's reaction sees his face change from disapointment to excitement. Meaning his nephew is up to something.
