“Or we could check it out,” Dean said.  “What do you think, Cas?  Do you feel up for a hunt?”
“Alright.  I’ll see you then,” Alan said.
“Hey, wake up, Sleeping Beauty,” Dean called. “Cas got us breakfast.”
“Caught a break?” Dean asked.
It took some effort, but Dean managed to pull his head off his arms where they draped around the steering wheel to meet Cas’s gaze.
Cas turned in Dean’s arms to search his face.  When Cas let his eyes settle on Dean’s, Dean leaned in to kiss him.  Cas met him, opening his lips in welcome, and savored the fleeting caress of Dean’s tongue.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed.
“That’s an uncharacteristic lack of preparation,” Cas said, pulling back and narrowing his eyes at Dean.
"May I touch you?" Cas asked.
“Mmm,” Cas hummed. He leaned over to kiss Dean’s cheek. “Okay, I confess. I’m guilty of the crime of sappy romanticism. What could be a fitting punishment?”
“Yeah,” Dean said, “but you were like six.  How do you remember?”
“Good for her,” Dean said, relieved.  “Cas sure ain’t what I expected, but we’ve been through a lot of shit together, stuff nobody else could appreciate.  I’m lucky he’s dumb enough to want me back.”
Dean kept his hands busy.  If he didn’t have one hand on Cas’s cock with the other twined in Cas’s fingers, he would occupy himself with leaving teasing touches on Cas’s legs, hips, and chest or rolling his fingers under Cas’s balls and pressing against his perineum.  He barely thought of jerking himself off, and he still felt his own arousal climbing toward the heights of orgasm from Castiel’s intensity alone.
“Yeah?” Dean asked.
until I fell asleep.”
“If I didn’t hate planes so much, I’d like to go to Italy, find some little B&B with local cooking.  Greece might be cool too.  I liked reading the mythology in high school, but meeting some of the gods kind of fucked that up.  Zeus was an asshole.  Prometheus was a cool guy though, and Artemis wasn’t so bad,” Dean said.
“Come on,” Dean encouraged, stepping under the shower head.
Promises by Megadeth
“What are you up to?” Cas asked.
“Yes, I’d like that,” Cas said.
Sam and Cas grabbed a table, questioning their server under the pretense of small talk, as Dean went to strike up a conversation with the bartender.  Fifteen minutes later, they had discovered two of the waitresses had each worked a shift when one of the victims had met with the mysterious woman, but neither of them had noticed anything out of the ordinary in the behavior of either of the men and neither could remember anything specific about the woman except for the color of her hair.  Sam was ready to regroup to discuss a new strategy when Cas inclined his head toward a booth to the left of their table.
Dean examined the coaster on top of the stack, rotating it in his hands. It had a devil’s trap carved into the surface, and the bottom was lined with a circle of leather to prevent slipping. Each coaster bore a different image. An angel banishing sigil, an anti-possession symbol, and the Key of Solomon completed the set.
“You bet.  How many times have you said ‘I don’t understand that reference’ to me?  Pop culture is crucial,” Dean said.
Cas looked down, pleased with himself.
The sounds of the night should make us anxious,
“Sam is right, Dean,” Cas said, laying a soothing hand on Dean’s shoulder.  “I had no idea you were interested in men, but you don’t have anything to be ashamed of.”
“I think that demonstration has potential,” Cas said.
“Okay, so you get two questions in a row too.  No big.”
.  Those shoulders had to be a sin.  He’d imagined--and he had imagined--Cas slimmer under the trenchcoat.  In Purgatory, during one of their circuitous conversations about Castiel’s ability to use the portal they were hunting for, he’d asked if Cas could get through because of Jimmy being human, and Cas told him that Jimmy’s soul had departed when Raphael killed him at Chuck’s and that his body is a replication, which might not quite count as human since it had only been inhabited by an angel.  If God had gone through the trouble of an exact recreation, Dean figured Jimmy must have been a runner or a swimmer before Cas possessed him to have muscles like that.  Exquisite muscles that rippled as Cas messed with the water temperature.  Cas stepped under the stream of water, and his hands came up to push his drenched hair out of his face.  As the water coursed down his body, he moaned softly.  Dean gripped the sink on either side of his thighs and told the blossom of warmth in his stomach to back off.
Sam stretched as he picked his way through the halls to the kitchen.  He yawned.  He hated staying in bed so much because it made him more exhausted.  He could hear the bacon sizzling in the pan now, but when he got close enough to look into the kitchen, the sight that greeted him made him freeze in the doorway.
Dean did as asked, slowly, taking in the complete focus written across Castiel’s face with the crinkles at the corners of his eyes, marking how Castiel had them narrowed, minutely, in concentration.  When Dean met Cas’s expectant gaze—nothing creepy about that stare now, Dean thought—he knew it was what Cas had been waiting for.
“Lift up,” Cas said.
Dean looked at him, surprised.  “That was sarcasm, Cas,” Dean said.
If Dean had been jerking himself off, he felt certain he would have come from hearing those words.  He took all of Cas’s length in his mouth and made the muscles of his throat constrict around the head of Cas’s dick.  Cas’s hands snapped to Dean’s shoulders, holding on for dear life.
“You get Dean,” Cas said.  “I want to talk to her.”
“Of course,” Dean said.
They fell quiet as Dean took a seat next to Cas.  Dean sighed.  “Go ahead and ask,” he said.  He took a savage bite out of his piece of toast.
“Like what?” Dean asked.
“It’s not summer anymore,” Dean said, “that water isn’t going to be warm enough.”
Memory foam could not mold a more comforting fit than the curl of their limbs, and the two men drifted off into a night undisturbed by the claws of warrior’s nightmares.
For a moment Dean felt dazed.  It was easy to forget that Castiel had human needs now.  “That happens,” he said, uselessly.  Had Cas been able to take a real shower since the Fall?  Had a good meal?  How does he even feel about losing his grace?  Shadowed memories of an alternate future where Cas was burnt out and chasing the next high made Dean’s pulse quicken anxiously.  Would Cas ask if he needed anything?  Would he know how?  But Dean could help with this.  He forced himself to calm down.  And wasn’t this Cas asking for his help now?
“You are very warm,” Cas said, laying his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“I think this qualifies as cheating,” Cas breathed.
“Sam and I have got this.  You get your room set up,” Dean said.
“Alright then.”
Lunch was a modest affair of sandwiches, chips, and cold drinks, but the company and conversation more than made up for it.
“This is badass,” Dean said.
“Look at me, Dean,” Cas said.
I just realized there wasn't a space for chapter specific warnings so I'll put them here:
“Later Alan,” Dean said.
Seana laughed, and the sound was like the tinkling of bells.
They were packed and on the road to Chicago within the hour, stopping only to refill the Impala’s gas tank and to get food from a diner off the highway before finding a hotel for the night in Grinnell, Iowa.
“You as well,” Seana called over her shoulder before diving into the water and disappearing from sight.
“Can I help you?” the woman asked.
Cas gazed at him, confused, and canted his head again.
Cas was still exuding protective and angry pheromones, however, and would not back down so easily.
much conflict that you'd need to implement such an extreme social structure?” Cas asked.
Everyone turned to look at the Beta Councilmen expectantly, meals forgotten.
Benny watched helplessly as Castiel clutched his bleeding mate to his chest. He watched, his heart breaking, as Dean went limp, his hand falling with a soft thud to the ground.
“Th-they want you to mate with me. I don't know why.” Alfie swallowed. “You'll most likely find out when you go to the next Phase.”
“Alright,” Cas chuckled, “let's get going.” He stood, offering his hand to his mate who took it gratefully. Dean rose and the two of them left to follow the doctor's orders.
“Cas,
Dean merely grunted again and snuggled further into his Alpha's neck.
They finally got a proper look at it and determined that, even though the blood was soaking his entire chest, the wound itself was actually closer to his shoulder than they had originally thought. It looked to have missed his heart altogether.
“Cas,” Dean said, a thought occurring to him. “Come here,” he motioned to the empty space next to him in bed.
It took him a moment to answer her, but once he did, he stuttered a bit, saying, “Oh, I – uh, don't know?” He shook his head slightly, a frown pulling at his own features as well. “It just... seems like something he'd say?” He looked back and Meg's face, which was still shadowed in mild suspicion, but after a few moments she let it go.
As the designated mechanic for their vehicle, it was Dean's job to fuel up their Jeep before they could take off. Amy did the same with Jody's Jeep. Dean studiously ignored the unpleasant Alpha and just did his job. He felt like Amy was staring at him a few times, but he refused to look in her direction to verify. But, before long they were all piled back into their respective vehicles and taking off again down the deserted roads.
“This is the cleaning crew that's gonna take care of that mess in your living room,” Benny answered.
“You Dean?” The doctor asked when he entered the room, making his way over to the little sink in the corner of his desk. He quickly washed and dried his hands before turning back to the only Omega in the room.
“Phase Three: Integration,” Charlie intoned.
“What is it?” Cas rolled his head to one side in order to get a look at Dean, who still had his eyes closed, but with a disgruntled expression resting on his features.
Jody stormed into the room, followed closely by Benny who was hot on her heels. Neither of them dared to say a word until the door was safely closed and locked, ensuring that the two had absolute privacy before they began.
Benny pulled out and headed down the lane, passing other vehicles in their stations, each of them in various states of repair. Mechanics of each Designation, with gear-shaped emblems on their sleeves, rushed to move out of the way as they bustled to and fro. Jody's vehicle followed close behind.
“Ugh! What does that even mean?!!” Dean lost the battle over his own tongue all too quickly.
“It's okay Dean. Let me...” Cas reaches forward, and for the first time since this all started, he actually
“What in the hell...?” Dean inquired. Castiel merely shrugged, his eyes just as round as Dean's.
distraction as of late.
~*~*~*~
“What do you need Dean?” Cas asked, still lazily sucking bruises into Dean's flesh.
“I spoke to Caleb about her,” Benny answered. “He said she can be a bit brash, but he vouched for her. And I trust Caleb, so I'm willing to give her a chance. Plus, since she's third in command, after Hector, she's just the logical choice.”
“Wait, aren't you supposed to be, y'know, at work?” Dean asked, hesitantly.
of those dark shapes!”
“How could she?”
to be doin' with that knowledge, Jody?” He shook his head at the thought and leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes as he did so.
“Dean?” Benny asked. He and Jody exchanged a look. That was the Omega they'd seen in the video. One of Benny's newest Omegas. And wasn't Alistair the name of the Alpha who was assigned to him in Phase Two?
Sorry it was so short. I'll try making the next one logner for you guys.
“I agree,” Benny took another gulp from his glass, finishing off the drink. “So, what's next then?”
Dean looked around at his family. He had his mate by his side and his brother and in-laws all around him. Spending time with them would be the best thing he could imagine and he couldn't be happier about their situation.
, he admonishes himself. Keep your eyes
The two Councilmen exchanged a Look. Was she up to something sinister, or just being her usual disagreeable self? With the upcoming confrontation a mere minutes away, neither of them wanted to risk Amy causing more trouble than she already had.
The worst ones still had bodies long past the state of decay. Grinning skeletons scorched by flames or bleached by the sun and staring sightlessly ahead.
I just had to go in so the medics could confirm that I'm still fit for work, and to give me a, uh, shot of sorts.”
“That,” Charlie explained, “is what remains of the world.”
“I'll take that as a 'yes'. So, since we've
, yeah?” Of course, Dean couldn't answer. “Raise the bed.” The bed obediently rose about three feet higher.
Dean is unable to respond. He's too shocked by the turn of events to even wrap his head around what is happening. His breathing is coming in sharp gasps, and his heart feels like it's relocated to his throat.
Dean notices that he's no longer even in the drivers seat. He's in the back, on
In the meantime, the Beta Councilmen were going to do some preparations of their own in order to get ready for their impromptu expedition. Also, on a request from Dean, they would contact Ellen, from the kitchen he had been assigned to that morning, and let her know what was going on: that the remainder of Dean's community service would be completed assisting Benny and Jody.
She had seemed just as blindsided by all of this as he was. The problem was he would have to travel to her facility and talk with her personally. Any attempts at communication remotely could – and most definitely
Cas moaned into Dean's mouth and deepened the kiss further. He opened his mouth slightly and probed at the Omega's lips, requesting entrance. Dean parted them, accepting his mate's probing tongue gratefully. He moaned back into Cas mouth in response and the two of them lost all pretense and began grabbing and pulling at each other in desperation.
For the next couple of hours, the two of them worked companionably and they worked fast. There was a
“With pleasure,” Stranger all but purred.
“Hold on,” Gabriel held up a hand. “You said it wasn't your plan in the
“What about his memories?” Jody asked. “Do you think we should we erase them again?”
Heaving a sigh, Cas decided that maybe Alfie had had enough. Figuring that the smaller man might need some space, he got up and found his own corner to sit in. He leaned back against the wall, one leg drawn up to his chest, the other sprawled out in front of him. “I'm right over here if you decide you wanna talk some more.” He was met with further silence.
Below are links to some drawings the uniforms
The Omega breathed in deeply, nuzzling into Cas's neck, subconsciously seeking comfort in his pre-awake state. The sensation was pleasing to Cas, so he let out a low rumble which resonated in his chest, causing Dean to smile wide and let out a low rumble of his own in response, though it was at a slightly higher pitch than Cas's. At this point, neither of them thought it was imperative to question every single thing their bodies decided to do, so they mutually decided to just accept it and roll with it.
“Yeah, definitely. Stop by anytime.”
“Well, that was an ordeal,” Jody commented as she sank back down in her chair once they were safely back in Conference Room A.
“Who the hell was that?” Dean asked.
“Bring it on,” Dean challenged, feeling a bit cocky himself.
Benny was beginning to get a little angry. Firstly, his good friend Gabriel is dead, having committed
“You think maybe it's a bed?”
“No, Dean. I want to see you.” Castiel reaches out and turns Dean's head to face him.
to have a proper taste. He dropped his head down to Dean's throat, kissing and licking every inch, occasionally nipping and eliciting even more of those delicious sounds from the other man, as he sniffed out the best spot. When reached the area where Dean's neck met his shoulder, he knew he'd found it. Dean even rolled his head to the side to give him more room. That clinched it for him.
So thank you again to all of you, especially if you've stuck through it all this time. And if you're new and only came across this fic after it had already been completed, then count yourself lucky that you didn't have to suffer like the others ;)
ceremony,” Uriel informed.
Cas huffed in amusement and gently wrapped an arm around Dean, careful not to hurt him. That was the last thing he wanted to do. He angled his head down into Dean's hair and inhaled deeply of the Omega's scent. With his mate safe and secure in his arms and the scent of berries and honey filling his nostrils, the Alpha finally began to relax.
Without another word, the Beta turned on her heal and continued walking away. Dean and Cas looked at each other for a moment, before quickly following close behind. They were just happy to be out of that room and just going somewhere – on their own two feet, no less. So, with equal parts excitement and trepidation, they followed the small and energetic woman.
Just. Red.
“What do you mean?” Cas asked.
As expected, they both appeared to be frozen in place, uncertain of what to do. Unable to process what they'd just seen, the information they were just given. What were they
As soon as she was out of earshot, Cas quickly made his way over to his mate, concern etched into every line of his face as he placed his hands on the Omega's shoulders. “Dean. Are you okay? What happened? How much do you remember?”
“Dean...” Cas began, causing Alistair to raise an eyebrow in interest. “Why don't you go on ahead. I'll catch up with you.”
“Oh,” Dean said, though it was swallowed up by the din of the sirens that were still going off. “Sorry about that,” he shouted above the noise, loud enough that he was sure Benny had heard, but the other man ignored him in favor of attending to the alarm. Dean's shoulders drooped a bit and he stayed close to the door so he could stay out of the way.
That you saw all of that up there, right?
Dean occasionally shifted uncomfortably, unused to sitting still for so long. He wanted to ask for a break to get out and stretch his legs, but he didn't want to be responsible for delaying them any further, so he kept his mouth shut on the matter.
“Whatever,” she lifted one shoulder and let it fall. “Clarence sounds better, though.”
The two of them broke apart to look towards the door. They couldn't see much, other than security personnel, so they assumed that the lookie-loos had been given the boot, but they still heard voices. Not long after, they saw a petite Beta female approach the door. She made eye contact with them but was stopped by one of the guards. The woman said a few harsh words to the assembled personnel, and they backed off immediately to give her room. The sight was practically comical.
They sat like that for a long while, neither of them speaking, just wrapped around each other as Dean took some much-needed comfort while Cas gladly gave it. He alternated between stroking Dean's back and carding his fingers through the Omega's chestnut locks, which were only slightly damp from sweat, and shushed him when his trembling or sobs returned.
to be punished. But... I don't think anything too severe is necessary. He
“Thank you, Castiel.” Alfie smiled a bit as he met the Alpha's eyes, but only briefly. He quickly looked away once he'd shown his gratitude.
“Cas-” He tries again to beg the Angel for what he wants. It's all he can do. At the moment he's helpless to the Angel's whims. And right now, the Angel doesn't want him to come.
“Now,” the doctor said once that was done, “go down to the pharmacy on the first floor – just follow the signs, ya can't miss it. Pick up the prescription that I just wrote you for prenatal vitamins. You're gonna need as many as you can get.”
Cas took a breath and opened his mouth, as if he were going to speak, but then clamped his mouth shut once again, looking away and shaking his head in a signal of dismissal.
“It's nice to meet the both of you,” Amara smiled, inclining her head towards the monitor.
He's most likely gonna have to call it in. There was no way they could dispose of a body in this place. Especially not with so much surveillance in place. The only good thing about all of this would be that Dean would most likely get off scot-free due to his apparent memory loss. Hopefully.
just to prove that their mating had been successful! Especially not by Alphas who are
Charlie waited patiently while the couple took their time exploring their new home. They split ways, Cas heading to the back and Dean checking out the kitchen. Cas noticed three bedrooms in the back, including the master suite. It was spacious and sported a queen-sized bed with bedside tables and lamps. There was a small sofa in one corner with a small wooden table in front of it, and a handbook resting on the surface. There was a walk-in closet with more clothes for Dean and himself, although they were simply copies of the clothes they were already wearing. He also discovered an ensuite bathroom through another door in the room.
“How much longer until we get there?” Cas asked.
His mind made up, Dean pocketed the screwdriver he'd dropped, and sat down on the edge of the opening with his legs dangling over the side. He reached down with one foot until the sole of his shoe caught on the top of the highest rung. He tentatively lowered himself down into the illuminated hole and carefully started to climb down.
“Wait, nine months?”
Benny sighed. “Maybe.” After a moment he said, “Well, whatever the reason, I guess we can ask him when we see him.”
Gabriel shot Dean a withering glare. “Yeah. I did. And I thought you'd want some answers too, seeing as they almost got you killed.”
? Is that it?!”
There was silence in the room as they all digested what they'd just heard. Everyone was taken aback. Donna looked hurt, Jess and Gabriel looked betrayed and angry, but Cas, Dean, and Sam were just plain
“Like I said, it was a test. If you had taken the bait, then you'd be put back in the roster for mating assignment and you'd keep repeating Phases One and Two until you no longer felt the need to 'mate' with the bait Omega. In that instance, I'd only be having this conversation with Dean right now. But since you
“Ah, yes. Our fearless leaders,” Gabriel announced. “Have a seat, won't you?” He gestured to a couple of empty seats at the far end of the table.
After he accepts that there are no memories to help him, Dean decides to take stock of his body. He looks down at himself: two arms, legs, ten fingers and toes. He doesn't appear to have any tattoos or scars. He doesn't know exactly how old he is, but he can tell that he IS an adult. Come to think of it, what kind of adult has no visible marks anywhere on their body? What kind of a sheltered life has he led?
So, without further preamble, Castiel rams his cock into Dean's Grace-prepared hole, immediately hitting the man's prostate on the way in. Dean's eyes, which had been screwed closed in concentration, suddenly fly open and he gasps sharply, hips once again arching off the seat. His fist starts flying over his dick even faster, accomplishing nothing except making Dean even hornier, and giving Castiel a wonderful show. The Angel had stopped once he bottomed out, just watching Dean fruitlessly trying to pleasure himself, but now he starts to move his hips, slowly rocking in and out of the hunter's ass. He makes it his mission to hit the man's prostate every single time he enters him.
The virus, by the name of Ares QX-87, had wiped out most of the world's human population. It spread so quickly because it was
It had been two days since that disastrous excuse for a Council meeting, where he was informed that new survivors had been found. It usually took between 7and 10 days for new candidates to be prepared for phasing, longer if they've been exposed to radiation, which these obviously had been. So, at most, he would have about two weeks to make it to Jody's compound, come up with some sort of plan with her while he's there, and return to his own facility before the new recruits were delivered.
“Well, each of those have these tiny little splotches in 'em, ya see?”
“End of the line,” Benny announced. Before either Dean or Cas could question what the Beta meant, the Jeep stopped. Behind them, Jody's Jeep did the same. Benny pressed another sequence of buttons on the console to his right. After a few moments, the ceiling started to shutter just like the steel doors did before. This time, instead of doors sliding to the sides, the ceiling slid back and created an opening for them to continue through.
“I have a theory, yes.”
“Well, I suppose we... wait?”
!” Alistair groaned as he spilled yet another load deep into Dean's ass.
“Oh, cram it, Lilith, will ya!” Meg pushed herself off of the wall where she'd been leisurely watching the scene before her. “The man said he'd get to us when he gets to us, alright. Just put a sock in it and let's go.” She jutted her head behind her in the direction of their own apartment.
“-ean? Dean! Are you alright?” Cas was breathing heavily but had stopped his punishing pace and was looking down at his Omega with a worried expression on his face. He had released Dean's wrists and one hand was caressing his face, wiping tears from the Omega's eyes. “Are you alright?” He asked again. “Do you need me to sto-”
“Cum for me, Dean. You can do it. Come on, sweetheart,” Cas said through heavy breaths, whispering his encouragement into Dean's ear with his lust-husky voice.
. Like, when people used to say, 'Oh only
See endnotes for trigger warning. I didn't want to put them here in because they contain mild spoilers.
“Castiel.”
The group stuttered out excuses, all of them saying something along the lines of “Have
It was a set of four diagrams of reproductive organs. They were labeled clearly as “Omega Female Reproductive System”, “Omega Male Reproductive System”, “Alpha Female Reproductive System”, and “Alpha Male Reproductive System”.
“Won't they be surprised,” Jody chuckled.
“Yeah, now open up!”
They met each other's eyes for a moment, then busted out in a fit of giggles (though Dean, of course, let out manly guffaws. Definitely
“Okay.” He kept his face blank. “Well let's get a move on, then.” Without another word, he turned and headed back the way he'd came, Amy following close behind.
“I don't know, the man is just... off.”
like they hadn't been together in a while. He could only imagine how Cas was feeling after their separation.
“Dean...” There was still an ocean of wonder drowning the Alpha's voice. He still hadn't looked away from the screen.
“It mixes air and gasoline in the correct ratio. Doin' that makes sure the engine runs right. If the carburetor isn't tuned properly it can lead to poor performance and possible engine damage,” Dean recited with the same confidence.
“This is
“Sure, Cas. I'll be your little spoon.” He chuckled at the gleeful look on Cas's face before he turned over and snuggled back into Cas, letting the other man wrap an arm around him and pull him closer.
had a prejudice, in one form or another.
“Who the hell is pregnant?!”
“Tell me about it,” Dean winced as his shoulder twinged slightly. Jess shot the other Omega a sympathetic look. If anyone deserved their pound of flesh, it was Dean.
Cas, for his part, ignored the Omega. For now. He just wanted to ensure the health and safety of his mate and pups. He wouldn't apologize for that, though he suspected that he'd pay for it later.
Begrudgingly, Dean and Cas each took a chair next to each other, facing the door. Charlie sat in a chair opposite them, setting her clipboard down and clasping her hands together in front of her on the tabletop.
Dean and Cas took the cards from her. They each had a small hole punched into a corner and a lanyard with a clip was running from it. Dean clipped the lanyard to the waistband of his pants and shoved the card into a pocket. Cas copied him, then the two of them turned back to Charlie as she gave further explanations.
make.” Uriel no longer looked bored. In fact, if Benny didn't know any better, he'd say the male Alpha looked positively
“Ummm......” Charlie looked back and forth between the two, her eyes wide with shock and horror. “I. Am.
to find a way out of all of this.
“Patient? You want me to be
Not when Cas was nowhere to be seen. The only other times he had ever felt this way was when he and Cas were being commanded to-
“We didn't see the need to bother you two with it, seeing as we already had a majority ruling,” Uriel said.
that Omegas didn't need to be
“Castiel?” she said quietly. She eased herself to the ground and kneeled close to the panicked Alpha, despite her own mate's distress. She spoke quietly and calmly, as if to a skittish animal. “You need to let the medics help, okay?” Cas just looked at her and growled a warning.
“No! You're not!
Dean's appointment was, obviously, in the maternity section of the medical facility, which was on the fourth floor. The two of them quickly located the bank of elevators against one wall and rode one up. Once they got to the proper floor, they checked Dean in at the reception desk there and were told to sit in the waiting area until called.
“Well don't sound so excited,” Jody said, sounding slightly offended by the man's lack of enthusiasm and an even graver lack of faith. “Fire with fire, remember? Since those two went behind our backs, killed one of our friends, wiped the memories of another and brought in those two traitorous scumbags, then I figure the gloves are off, don't you think?”
Benny and Jody were the last ones left. They didn't say anything, just looked at each other pitifully, before she too signed off. He would have liked very much to have a chat with his fellow Beta Council member, but he was almost certain that either one of the Alphas or one of the Omegas were monitoring them. Even though Benny couldn't see them, he knew that he could still be watched.
"I'm sure I can't," Cas deadpans, but his tone is lighter and more indulgent than Dean would expect, given the subject. "Would you hand me that sponge—? Thank you."
Okay. Doing good so far. He hopes Mary would be proud.
"Sorry, Dad," Dean says, eyes still shut. "I'll be back. We'll talk."
Then Sam gives him a severe, no-nonsense look that nearly punches the breath from John's lungs—because for the very first time, he sees his Mary in that stubbornly unimpressed face. "Do you understand? This isn't a motel. You can't expect someone else to do it for you. Don't go in the kitchen," Sam says slowly, enunciating every word, "unless you're going. To clean up. Your mess. You want room service—there's the fucking door."
Dad does, though not without one last look at Dean's bedroom door. "Not yet," he says. "Tell me about these vampires. Your mom said they were immune to dead man's blood? How the hell does that happen?"
be dead before his birthday—or worse. If a heart attack is what gets him, he'll call that a win.
"No, I know I do. But on my best day I don't know if I could make either of them light up like that. It—it just doesn't seem fair."
"He is a good person. He can be, anyway." Dean pauses. "Actually, sometimes I wish I was more like him."
"They'll be fine," says Mom. "I'm more worried about you. I know you've got a lot going on with Michael, and not being able to sleep, but...your dad being here is making things harder on you, isn't it?"
," Mary says firmly. "It's just like you said: we're all here together, and that's what's important."
But Dean can't trust it.
And speaking of Dad...
"You sure about that?" Dean challenges. "As I recall I wasn't so nice to you when we first met."
banner hangs proudly in the doorway. Silver and blue tinsel is wrapped around the edges of the kitchen island, adorned with some of those ugly orange
Cas gives Dean that cute little
And there's an uneasy, nagging familiarity that catches John sometimes, when Sam is at just the right angle. It's taken him until now to realize what it is. Dean always favored Mary, but oh, now that Sam's older, John can see it: he looks a little bit more like his father.
Michael's fury is both instant and deafening; he renews his pounding on the door, weakened as he may be right now. But it takes Cas a little longer to let it sink in. He stills, in the space between one breath and the next, and then jerks back in horror. "What? Dean, no—"
," he says. Everyone's staring at him like he's the one who's lost his mind here. "I thought you said this kid was half-angel, not half-devil."
"Nothing," Dean mumbles, and lays his cheek down on the cool surface of the table. His heart's going over-time again. He thinks about being in this kitchen a year ago and trashing the hell out of it. If this were the real Cas, Dean would beat his face in.
"It's safe," John agrees, as diplomatically as he can. "But it's not a life. It's not
"I'm sorry!" she says, briefly burying her face in her hands. "I'm sorry, I am, but I can't just stand here with us both
"You heard me," Dean snaps. "Almost everyone in this bunker has sat me down about fucking Flagstaff, except guess who? Yeah. As usual, he ain't here. So you wanna blame someone for Flagstaff, point the damn finger at him. But you quit kicking yourself about it, you hear me? I'm not taking that coffin ride with you and Mom up here tearing yourselves apart. What's done is done. I'm not angry at Dad. Why should you be?"
Dean's the first to try and break the tension. "Crazy, right?" he says with forced lightness. "I couldn't believe it either. Turns out they're real after all. Wings, halos, harp—the whole damn nine."
," Dean shouts, and Mom drops just in time to avoid getting her own neck torn into. The vampire dodges Dean's first two swings, but then something cuts into it from behind.
John's supposed to be the one apologizing. "I probably had it coming." Dean starts to protest, but John speaks over him. "What you said...you weren't wrong. And this thing with Michael—it was your thing. You had it under control. Then I came in and nearly got us all killed. I shouldn't have said yes. I should have talked it over with you first."
Dean's got to admit: Cas and his baby, that makes a real pretty picture. Cas ghosts his fingers over the wheel with the appropriate amount of reverence as the Impala roars to life under his hands. He's still a little roughed up from that thing with the vampires; there's blood on one cheek, his hair's a mess. He even rests his left arm on the rolled-down window, so that just his right hand is on the wheel. He has absolutely no idea what he's doing to Dean, and it's still kind of weird to think of Cas as hot when Cas is a dude, but
John tries to make himself absorb this. "But a ghoul—a ghoul can only impersonate someone they..." He's seized by a sudden wave of nausea, and presses a fist to his mouth. "Adam?" he asks, struggling not to let his voice break. He already knows the answer.
, says Mary's voice in his head, and John swallows down the nausea. She's right. That's exactly what Dean did, after all: he fought for John, even when the going got tough, even when everything else was telling him to let John go. Now isn't the time for John to put his opinions first.
Yeah, no. That's about as much talking about this as Dean wants to do for the rest of his life, thanks. He shrugs Sam's hand away. "Listen, I'm gonna go and—" He can't make up a chore in time. "—take care of some stuff. Cas and the kid are due back any minute, so why don't you go ahead and text him the good news?"
"If I knew I wouldn't be asking!"
"Oh, yeah," John agrees. "I can't even remember the last time I had a shirt that lasted longer than a month." He casts a last look at the now-covered box before wandering over to pick out a few things. They spend another fifteen minutes like that, Sam digging through boxes and pausing to send a few texts, and in short order they've gotten John a duffel of the essentials and a few of his old things—a couple of shirts, half a dozen old burner phones, and his old wristwatch.
Sam chooses that moment to walk in. "Morning. What are we talking about?"
was just Cas letting him down easy. Dean can't exactly blame him for wanting to pump the brakes. He'll be the first to admit the whole thing was disgusting. He's damaged goods. He's not sure he'd wanna bang himself either.
Dean finally lets go and pulls away, hurriedly scrubbing his face. "You don't mean that," he dismisses.
"Fuck!" Dean shouts, vision wavering. This ain't his first rodeo, but he hates the feeling—worse than the pain is the way their breath washing over his neck makes his skin crawl, the way the blood loss makes him weak. When he goes for a second headbutt, the vampire in front of him yanks him forward like Dean's supposed to be in the middle of some kind of creepy vamp sandwich, and it takes a bite out of Dean too.
Cas notices, because of course he does. "Come on," he says. "If we go back in through the garage, we can avoid your father."
"Forget it," Dean says. "You get near me with that thing and you're grounded until you're forty. We can't risk you losing your soul, Jack. Someone
"No," Dean begs. "No, please—"
would want..."
"All right, a maverick." Dean shakes his head. "Deviant." Thumbs down. "Free spirit?"
He's always been like that: when he gets hurt, when he gets scared, when he gets sad, he just gets angry instead. It makes it easier not to feel the pain. But it never worked that way before, when Dad was the one hurting him. Dean never aimed that anger at him.
John slips the lockpick out of his coat and gets started on the door. And as he works, he closes his eyes, just like he watched Mary do when she called Castiel, and begins to pray. "I'm speaking to Michael the archangel, so turn on your ears, you son of a bitch. I'm about to make you an offer you can't refuse..."
with, that's for sure. All those pokes and prods—you may take it like a champ, but they say Dean takes it like a whore. How long do you think you can hold out when it's your boy's pretty little head impaled on my spike, hmm? How long do you think he will? Soon, sooner than you think, he's going to be strung up and spread open right on these very meathooks. And John, you've been fun, but I have to say...I can't
firstly: i say this every week, but since this is the last time...thank you all so, so much for the love on the last chapter. it got more comments than any chapter so far. i was actually STILL replying to them all as late as last night. six HUNDRED people are getting an email alert this week. that is so many!! i am beyond overwhelmed with gratitude. all of you have made working on this project so much more fun and meaningful.
She puts a finger to his lips. "Listen to me, John Winchester. You're my husband, and I love you. You don't trust the angels, fine. But I need you to trust me. Dean's okay. I wouldn't send our son away with someone who'd hurt him."
“Yeah. That sounds like a good idea,” Benny admitted. His shoulders drooped slightly, but he still beamed at his colleague.
And last, but certainly not least, the piece de resistance, the cherry on top of this shit pie: my entire fucking document was corrupted! That's right! I lost everything. I had to go back onto AO3 and download the chapters that I had already posted and start all over again from where I'd left off in June 2018. I was so proud of myself too. I was about halfway through the final chapter when I had to start packing my things to move again. And I had done some really amazing writing in the chapters before that (if I do say so myself). When I got settled into my new place, I pulled out my laptop, opened the document, and all I saw was page after page of #################### ← THAT! And I couldn't recover it! :'( I would have had this story completed and posted like a year ago if it wasn't for that. When I tell you I cried... I got really discouraged after that and almost completely gave up, but I am nothing if not persistent (and insanely stubborn).
Sam starts to say something else, but a huge yawn catches him, his fifth in as many minutes, and Dean knows then that their game—and this moment—is over. Dean so rarely gets closure, and it's an unexpectedly bittersweet feeling, saying goodbye to their little dysfunctional family-that-wasn't, family-that-isn't. Dean's real family is much bigger now, and he wouldn't go back to just the three of them even if he could. But it wasn't all bad, not all the time. Every once in a while, it was a little like this. Dean's glad he got to have it one last time, even though he's grown up now. Nobody can fault him for a few fond memories, right?
i have been talking about this fic on
Fuck.
Cas checks back down the road too. Dean appreciates that he's never had to ask for Cas's discretion. For Cas, it's instinct to keep things private, just the way it is with Dean. "What about Michael? Your father?"
Cas smiles. Dean can't figure out why, but it just about breaks his heart. "Yeah, Dean," he says. "We're good."
"This here is a trick my dad taught me and Sam when we were kids," Dean says, after they get down off the road. It's a pleasant, crisp afternoon, not too cold even under the dappled shade of the trees. "It's called a fox walk. He learned it while he was in the service overseas. When you're traveling through the woods like this, especially in enemy territory, start with your heel. Shift your weight from the outside in, nice and easy—yeah, see there? Perfect," Dean says approvingly, when Jack gets it right the first try. "Less snapped twigs. Even vampires have a harder time hearing you if you walk like that. Sometimes the best offense is a good defense." He winks.
"Stop who?" Sam asks, as Cas pulls Dean to him and says, "Dean, you're hallucinating—"
Damage that happened because of John.
, but I don't know if I can..."
"You've had to sacrifice so much for this family," John murmurs. "You were in it alone for so long. I wasn't there for you. But I'm here now. For once, let me take care of you."
Is Sam goading him? Did Dean tell him what John said? "I never wanted you to sell your soul, Dean," John says. "Never. You know that, don't you?"
John and Sam are mostly silent while they work. There's nothing but the clinking of dishes, and the murmur of Mary speaking with Jack in the other room. At first John doesn't mind; his Mary, oh, he could never tire of her sweet voice. But after a while Sam's silence starts to become more pronounced. Is this the only way he can not fight with John, by not saying anything at all?
"Because I knew how pissed you'd be!" Dean counters. He has to raise his voice a little to hear himself above Michael's screaming. "You've been disappointed with everything I've ever done, why should that change now, huh? You want honesty? How 'bout I tell you a thing or two?"
Cas never touches Dean's chest where his ribs were cracked, not unless it's a necessity on the job. Maybe that's because that's a little more personal than they've gotten—yet?—or maybe it's just because he already made his mark there, with the Enochian that's supposed to hide Dean from other angels. Dean's glad that in the last decade he's only broken a couple of ribs. He hope he doesn't break any more; it'd suck to ruin Cas's handiwork.
. i also have a tag for my rough drafts/fic excerpts if you want spoilers for future updates. i will be posting new chapters every thursday, in honor of castiel <3 originally i had intended to post them at 8pm eastern time, since that's when spn aired, but this time i was too excited to wait. next week's chapter might come later in the evening, unless i get excited again lol.
Dad doesn't fall for it. "Someone who?"
John stares at him, speechless with horror. "Sam..." He can't imagine his boys down there. What could have been so important? Did Sam sell his soul too, or was it because of the demon blood Yellow Eyes fed him in the cradle? Or what if it was even worse, something Sam did after John was gone? John knows a little something about the plans Yellow Eyes had for his special kids, and he doesn't like any of it. "Son, I'm so—"
i want to say something about the discussion sam and dean have in this chapter about flagstaff. i feel like both of them made valid points - dean was right that he alone should have the right to choose who knows about the abuse, but sam is ALSO right in that there are some secrets that shouldn't be kept. for his part, sam DID go looking for information without dean's consent, but he also kept the secret for many years (even from dean!) because it was dean's right to disclose; if john, the abuser, had not come back into the picture and presented a new threat, sam almost definitely would have taken it to the grave. and even though sam wasn't the one physically hit at flagstaff, he was still a part of it, and it happened to him too - one could argue he had a right to know what he went looking for because he felt he caused it. (of course, the only person who actually caused the abuse was the abuser.) since we're in dean's pov it may feel "right" to take "his side," but abuse is a very hard, complicated subject, which creates a ripple effect of awful around the abuser, and i don't want anyone coming away from that argument thinking there was a clear right and wrong person here, because there really wasn't! this is part of why i warn people to be nice to sam and mary at the top of each chapter, lol.
And together, he and Sam leave the clearing.
"I'm good," he tells Sam. He lets his face do the talking, so it can say some of the things he can't put into words, especially not in front of Dad. "Thanks."
And then Cas leans forward, and presses his lips against the place Dean tapped on his jaw.
stupid. That will hurt an archangel, but it won't kill one. It will kill Dean, though, should his body sustain the wound once it's left behind. Sam is gambling with his brother's life. He must know that at this point, death would be mercy. But archangels don't deal in mercy.
Assuming Dean's still topside, anyway. He's not counting on it. That'd be one silver lining to the coffin plan.
"I'll take that as a yes."
to know—the right to know that you've never been anything but a worthless, gutter trash—"
"What?" John asks. "Sweetheart, what is it?"
"I'm an angel."
Dean almost chokes on his food. He studiously ignores Sam's incredulous eyebrows. It's a good thing Dad's not in here. "Buddy, you can't say stuff like that at breakfast."
Dean staggers towards his father. His arms are trembling. He can't feel anything from the elbows down. He fights to get the words out, but the harder he fights to break that wall around his voice, the weaker those walls around Michael become. Michael feeds on Dean's anger, and Dean knows it, but he's just too angry to care.
Dean lunges. He telegraphed the movement, and this body has trained with him so often it would take less than a thought to side-step him, but we allow him to make contact. It means we can whirl and slam him against the remnants of the back wall, letting the force and movement of our wings knock Sam and Castiel off their feet.
"Things with Billie went sideways," Dean says, once his feet are on the ground. He takes a long look at Sam and Jack: the last people on Earth. "The only thing Cas could think of to do was summon the Empty. He made a deal last year, for Jack. So the Empty took Cas and Billie both."
And if Dean ever had any very secret, very furtive, very
Goddammit. Fuck, fuck, fucking fuck. Son of a fucking bitch.
Cas is crying.
But he doesn't have a choice. This is bigger than them. This isn't just his life, or his family's lives; this is the whole world Michael's prepared to burn down. Cas has to know he's serious. The coffin is still the lesser evil.
," Dean insists, and makes himself straighten up one last time.
"It's okay," Sam says. So help him God, Dean's gonna take a swing at the next person who tells him that. "Come on, Mom. We've got beer and leftover bacon."
"He's...he's my father," Dean chokes. "Sometimes you just...love someone anyway. I wouldn't expect...something like you to understand..."
"I never said anything to you because I knew what your reaction would be," Cas says. "I didn't want things to change. That was true after I got back, as well. I'm here. I get to be with you. Why ruin a good thing?"
understand the kind of feeling that drove their quest against Yellow Eyes, and understand why it was important enough to give up things like school. But twice? John can't imagine finding anyone he loves as much as Mary, only to experience that kind of loss all over again. "I'm so sorry."
. And Dean can't even get too angry about all of this because otherwise Michael would walk right out of that cage in his head. Dean throws the trash bag down again, still fuming. This whole thing is all wrong. Michael is the big problem right now, and Michael is what they should all be worried about. Not whatever happened with Dad two literal decades ago.
can feel like a hero!"
Dean takes another swallow of beer. His eyes find the bookshelf behind Dad. "Angels aren't like demons," he says. Michael bangs on the door in his head in agreement. "Angels need consent. Cas couldn't have possessed him without his permission, and Cas isn't the one who killed him."
John, bleeding profusely from his midsection, sits up on his elbows. He can just make out the blurry image of Dean standing above him, bloodied blade in hand.
Sam's sigh blows his bangs out of his face. He yanks a chair out and sits too, but still won't meet Dean's eye. "I didn't do that this week, Dean. This was years ago."
Right. John finally makes himself glance up at Sam's uncompromising expression, then nods at his arm. "Sam. I'm sorry about the arm."
Dean flinched, John didn't miss it. And Dean feels strange in his arms, not quite like a father's son, like he's too old to be giving bear hugs to anymore. He's stiff and hesitant, and God's honest truth is that a good bit of John doesn't really want to be here doing this either, because even though they aren't discussing it now, eventually the subject of Dean and Castiel is going to come back up, and it's never going to stop making John feel physically sick. He doesn't know if he can ever be the kind of father worthy of the unconditional love and undying devotion Dean gives to him so easily. But another part of him doesn't care about the future—right now, he needs to do this so badly that nothing else really matters. He's not gonna be the first one to let go.
Dean doesn't have a good answer. He doesn't really get this sudden need to
But John's silence doesn't seem to surprise Sam. He shakes his head, a quiet disapproving scoff, and walks past John up towards the road. He stops next to Mary, turning his head towards her, but he cannot meet her eye. "I'm sorry," he tells her.
Cas does, at least, do Dean the courtesy of not looking away again. "I could never forget about you," he swears, with quiet devastation. "We're playing for keeps, remember?"
Something awful twists in Dean's chest as he watches him go.
Sam laughs, his breath fogging in the cold. "I guess when you put it like that...here, done. Your turn." He stands, and Cas passes his hand over the sigil he painted; it shimmers for a moment before sinking into the wall.
—hell, I killed Death himself. I've met
Dean's pulse jumps. He doesn't want—Sam cannot be here right now. He grabs Cas by the arm to stop him. "No. Just...just keep 'em with you from now on, okay?" Not that it'll do them much good. At this rate, there's not gonna be a next time.
"Thirty minutes," Dean mumbles, eyes already slipping shut. He reminds himself again: the door is locked. Cas is here. "If anything happens, out there or in here—"
"I'm sorry," Cas whispers. "I'm so sorry, Dean." He drives the archangel blade down straight through Dean's heart.
"I dunno," Dean replies with a grin, also raising his voice to be heard. "What the fuck do you want with marshmallows?"
Dean chews his lip. "Yeah, maybe." Truth is, when Dean thinks of Michael, the face he sees is his own. Inside his head, Michael, sensing Dean's thoughts, rattles the bars of his cage, leaving a phantom ringing in Dean's ears. "That was a different Michael, though, not the bastard I've got locked up in my head. Doesn't make any sense."
, Dean texts back, even though he's not. He knows what Sam is really asking: if it's still Dean behind the wheel, and not Michael.
NEXT WEEK: an unconventional salt & burn, a long-awaited car ride, an important celebration, and some well-earned rest. see you then, and thank you SO much for reading!!!
This is why Dean is still alive. His horror, his helplessness, his fear—it's exquisite. He squirms and fights, but he is as weak as an insect, pinned shivering and spread open to a corkboard. Sam and Castiel cannot come to his aid this time. It's tempting to shove him underwater again, but no. We'll take our time. We'll hurt them all, nice and slow. And all he'll be able to do is watch...just the way he was so scared of.
Cas scrambles to his feet. There is a long and drawn out silence.
"Don't apologize," Cas murmurs. He reaches for the wounds on Dean's neck, then for some reason he hesitates. "May I?"
From his spot at the table, Dean can see it all: Mom freezing dead in her tracks. Dropping the bags of gas station snacks she brought home for them. The shock on her face as she drinks it all in. She only takes her eyes off of Dad for a split second, and that's to look at Dean.
Winchester has gone and thrown a monkey wrench into the whole damn machine. Sam was supposed to have his back on this one, not make it all worse. Can he not use his fucking brain? Mom would go with Dad for sure, and then what would be the over/under of them ever seeing her again? Because Dad sure as hell wouldn't come back. All Dad ever does is walk away.
going to fight with John, and John isn't sure if he knows what to do with that.
When we finish and the dust clears, we heal John's leg, then fly down to the battered angel at the foot of the stairs to kick at his torso, watching Dean's face. "Is this what you want?" we snarl at him. Dean knows from experience how much pain these steel-toed boots can deliver to an unprotected ribcage, and that's just with human strength; were he not an angel, Castiel would have died under the force of the first blow. "You're doing this! It's all your fault, Dean! You could have let me go, but you're just too scared to be alone in this world without Daddy there to save you! You're so
, which i think is particularly relevant to the last scene in this chapter. the judy collins song is
Looking at Castiel, nothing in John believes that this thing is some benevolent force for good, here to perch on their shoulders and protect them from harm. Castiel looks more than capable of
"Right," says Dean.
If John Winchester ever learned anything about demons, it was that they lie. But sometimes—sometimes, they tell the truth.
home without even asking Dean. Dean was already worried Dad might not stay—that living with angels might be too much, or living with his sons might be too much. He never did seem to want to stick around for too long when they were kids, why should he now? Dean's been trying so hard to be cool and stay on top of everything, make sure Dad and Cas don't kill each other, and now Sam
Hours away, isn't that what Dean said? He told Sam and Castiel that he's hanging on by a thread.
"You love my—" John can't say it. No fucking way. "—family."
on my blog into
I broke his nose."
Dad takes a few steps into the room to take it from him. "Thanks." He takes one awkward look around the kitchen, then, despite what he said about Dean's breakfast yesterday, he grabs some of the bacon off the pan and splits.
"Not like that. Not by Dad."
Cas kicks him under the table, and Dean throws a balled-up napkin at him. They do the dishes together, Dean washing while Cas dries. Dean doesn't really know what it means to find peace with anything, but this must come close.
Maybe. Dean can't believe he's even thinking about it, but—yeah, maybe.
Cas says nothing.
"Dean has kitchen rules?" John repeats. It feels like every sentence that has come out of his mouth since he got back has been a question.
Jack forges on. "I can't believe I'm actually getting to meet Sam and Dean's father," he says bravely. "I've heard so much about you."
"I didn't say anything to Cas," Sam argues. Then his face changes as he realizes. "You told Cas. Wait—
"Dean, you lived with him for..." John almost asks how long, but Michael showed him. "Six weeks the first time, and almost a month the second time. That's so long. I'm the one who should be asking you that."
, and
for me." Sam lifts his eyebrows. "You know, like you told him to?"
Get real. Dean can't say shit like that to Cas. Cas is—or was—his best friend.
-together, and Sam and Cas and even Jack are all here with him, doing stupid shit like hanging up the world's ugliest party decorations for a surprise party. Dean really made it.
. He and Dad glare daggers at each other, and it's strange, because Dean's used to them fighting, but not over him. Normally when they fight they forget that he's in the room at all.
Old habits die hard. When nobody's looking, Dean takes off the shirt with Castiel's last handprint, folds it up, and puts it in the Impala's trunk, where Cas's trenchcoat once rode around for almost a year. Cas isn't coming back this time, and Dean knows that—but some dumb stubborn part of him will always keep waiting anyway.
"John, no," Mary says sharply.
"Well, obviously. But you should've seen his face." Sam, pushing the chairs back under the table, discovers Dean's chains. "Wow, Dean. Rough day?"
"It's a magic egg the Men of Letters made," Sam explains. "We used it to kick Lucifer out of the president after your mom got pregnant."
, Dean thinks bleakly, staring his father in the face. He's gone silent with shock.
Then Dad sighs. "Don't get too excited," he says, and then lays down...an absolute garbage hand. Even if it had come down to the high cards, the best he's got is a nine.
"Sam," he says, keeping his eyes on his food as he piles dumplings and lo mein onto his plate, "sorry to ask, but will you make sure Dad comes and gets something to eat? Dunno if he'll turn up on his own with all of you treating him like a leper."
Can Dean not see this thing isn't human? What's wrong with him? John tries to catch his eye, but he's too busy looking back and forth between them, tensed up like he's ready to jump in the middle at a moment's notice. "Castiel," John says slowly. Even the name sounds foreign. John itches for his pistol. "What exactly are you, Castiel?"
"Found out when Sammy was still in grade school," John says. "If you're waiting on me to get pissed, you'll be waiting a long time."
Michael said there was no such thing as love, but as they were one being at the time, John knows he didn't mean it. Michael loved his father deeply, even as he felt forsaken by him, even as he died. Maybe that's how Dean felt, after John went to Hell—a sacrifice John expected Dean to be grateful for, but he wasn't any more grateful for that than John was to Mary for bringing him back at the cost of their family's future. Maybe that's how Dean felt when he went to Hell himself.
At once, John corrects himself. It's not a man. It can't be. Something about him feels wrong, or unearthly. Blue tie, slacks, trench coat—nothing out of the ordinary except for how he carries himself. He looks like a man, but he feels like lightning in a bottle. His eyes raking John over make John feel like he's getting an x-ray of his soul.
We're giddy in our relief, wrathful in our fury. That blade can't kill us after all, not unless it's wielded by an archangel, and Jack is still unconscious on the floor—but that doesn't mean it didn't hurt. It is decided: we're killing Castiel last. We're killing him slowest.
Mom's eyes are bright again. Dean was so angry at her for not understanding like she was supposed to, but he was wrong—she
Dean's done a lot of genuine soul-searching about this since Cas's latest untimely demise, and the fact is that no matter which way he turns it, nope, he's still not gay.
The second the vamp's head hits the ground, Michael slams against that door in Dean's head with renewed fury, outraged that Dean managed to power through his latest escape attempt. Dean staggers, drawing in ragged breaths, and shoves Michael down as hard as he can. He whips his head around, searching frantically—vamps are crawling out of the trees everywhere, way more than nine of 'em—there! It's Mom, back against a nearby tree, two vamps in front of her. Dean starts towards them—
"I tried," Dean says helplessly. He's shivering now; him, and not Michael. Michael has settled down now that the threat has passed, recouping from the test of wills he just had with Dean. He can afford to do that, because he won the battle, and it won't be long before he wins the war. Dean hangs his head. "I'm not strong enough. Please, I'm begging you here—you gotta put me in that box. You don't even have to drop it in the ocean. I just need to know he can't hurt anyone."
Dean chews on it for a long few minutes. Cas doesn't say anything else; he's good at waiting out Dean's silences. If Dean changed the subject now, Cas would probably let it slide. But Cas is going to be here long after Dean's rotting away at the bottom of the ocean, and someone's got to be responsible for keeping his family together. Maybe if Dean can make Cas understand, then after he's gone Cas can make Mom and Sam understand too.
He shouldn't have worried about John telling Dean what Michael showed him. John's not at all afraid of Castiel's empty threats, but now that he's here, and he has the chance to lay it all out on the table? He can't do it. He will never, ever be able to bring up those men, what Dean had to do—not as long as he lives. Maybe that's penance, but mostly it's self-preservation. He can't even think about it, let alone say it. And yet, the knowledge and the guilt is going to torture him for the rest of his life.
"Nothing." Dean commits the image to memory and gets in the car. Fun's over; now it's down to business.
Dread worms its way into the pit of John's stomach. "So, what," he says. When she doesn't answer him he raises his voice a little. "I mean it. What, Mary? This isn't Lawrence. I can't just go sleep at Mike's for a few days. So what are we doing? You kicking me out?"
"No," Dean says, out loud, his arms going slack with shock. The open cuff dangles at his side.
? He must. What about the rest of them? Do they know about Dean and all those men? John makes a noncommittal noise. This is something else he has to get to the bottom of. He can't do that by not asking about it.
"So the devil's not the one making killer monsters," Dad says.
Hm. "Maybe so," John allows. "That's not a bad thing. Just means I get to know you better. Fall in love with you all over again." He tucks Mary's hair tenderly behind her ear, and is rewarded with one of her rare charmed smiles. "You know, I still can't believe you're a hunter."
"Sure was," says Dean. "Sammy made me flash cards and went on coffee runs. I swear I was nothin' but nerves and caffeine for like a month."
Dean doesn't know what's going to happen now.
"I shouldn't have yelled at you," Dean says finally. He isn't meeting John's eyes.
Dean gives Cas a pleading look, but Cas turns his face away. Maybe they don't understand how cruel they're being—or maybe they do, and just don't care. Dean gets that. His family, they love selfishly. Normally Dean's the one making hard calls to save people that don't want to be saved. He never expected to be on this end of it. It fucking sucks. He probably had this coming.
We fly, alighting at the bottom of the bunker stairs; the walls shake with the force of our impact, the floor cracking beneath our feet. The others are still racing to catch up. Sam puts on a brave front, but we can feel him tremble. We know Lucifer better than Dean does; not even Dean, with his forty years in Hell, can possibly understand how frightened Sam must be of archangels.
," Mom says, wiping her eyes. She's been laughing so hard she's actually crying. "He was helpless. I can't believe you didn't starve!"
parent.
not still a quarter of a virgin."
"I don't root for
Thirdly, there was a very specific and embarrassing reason Dean never let Cas drive his baby before. Facts are facts, and long before Dean realized he felt any kind of way about Cas, he figured out that there was something about the idea of Cas behind the wheel of his car that fucking short-circuited his brain, even if he couldn't wrap his mind around what it was. Looking back he realizes it's just the fact that he's both stupid and horny, and he didn't want to have to add
"'It'?" Dean asks.
Just then, there's the loud squeak of the bunker door opening—the same sound that heralded Mary's return to John's life. This time, though, Dean's head jerks up as if on a string. "Sam?" he calls.
"Hey," says Mary, from behind John. "I know, John—but he's a friend. I've known him for years. He's on the level."
," Sam pants, "to let go of him."
Dean freezes, white-knuckling the wheel, suddenly completely unable to look at Sam. "What?"
"Incredible," Dad breathes, and the approval in his voice still washes over Dean the same way it did when he was six and nailed every bottle on the fence. "I never thought I'd see it again." His eyes light up. "Hey, toss your old man the keys. I'd love to take it for a spin."
"Yeah," Dean agrees grimly. "And I'm spending it out here. At least the drive was nice." A good memory. He's gonna need something to hang onto when he's at the bottom of the ocean.
"Are you
Yeah, no. Dean jumps on that grenade real quick. He gets to his feet too and says, low and urgent, "You did the best you could. You gotta believe me—I know you did the best you could."
Our temper flares. Scared? Of this misbegotten creature? He's a child! "You should know," we warn him, "that I can see how little power you have left. Even if you were willing to sacrifice your own soul, are you willing to sacrifice Dean? You may have enough strength to burn me out of this body, but you won't have enough to heal what I leave behind. He'll be dead and in the Empty long before Castiel can get to him! Is that what you want?"
"Dean's all right," Mary tells him, though her concerned look at the bunker door leaves him less than convinced. "Let's just clean up."
Of course, she doesn't look at all what she looked like then. She's different head to toe. But that's the miraculous part of it: for all that, she's the same in the way that matters. Her face, her voice—it's still his Mary. It's been so long, yet she looks like she hasn't aged a day. She could have stepped right out of his memories.
"Hmm," says Sam, but he lets Dean go and gets in the car.
"I still can't believe
But as John watches now, Castiel straightens up, and becomes tense and cold, and very still; it's just the kind of Castiel John's used to seeing, though at the moment all he can see of the angel is his back.
"Lucifer?" Dad echoes. "You mean the devil?"
"For keeps," Cas agrees readily. He opens his eyes. "Can I?"
At first he was worried Sam was going to run off with Eileen the way he ran off to college. It turns out that Eileen's happy enough to come stay with them. Sometimes Dean gets tetchy about his personal space and sometimes Eileen, like a normal human being, misses fresh air and sunshine, so she and Sam go other places a lot too. It winds up being kind of a joint custody deal. Sometimes there's two people besides Dean at the kitchen table in the morning. Sometimes there's none. Dean can work with that.
"So enlighten me." Sam softens the sarcasm with a hesitant step forward. "I'm not a kid anymore, Dean."
But then Sam checks himself and goes, and John is alone with his sins.
Dean's throat clicks when he swallows. "How can I? Sam, I—" Inexplicably, he has to lower his voice. "I let him down, man. I let you die on my watch, and then we let Lucifer out of Hell. The
John turns his face into her touch, eyes falling shut. He could drink this in forever and still never get enough. "The boys said they had some kind of power that granted wishes. They said it was for a good cause. But they were as surprised to see me as I was to see them, so I can't have been what they were expecting. Do you know what they were after?"
A split second after he says it, his eyes widen, and Dean has the same exact thought: now everybody knows "bed" means "with Cas." Dean looks away, mortified, and Dad takes the opportunity to dig into the cake.
Cas gives Dean a deeply unimpressed look, usually reserved for people he's fantasizing about smiting. Dean's still not into dudes, but it's actually kind of hot—at least when it's not aimed at Dean. "Dean, I've been on my best behavior."
John used to hold her, and speak softly to her until she came back to him. He doesn't know how to be that gentle with Dean; Dean is a grown man, no longer a child young enough to sit on his lap or sweep up into a bear hug. John only knew how to comfort him as a child. He tries anyway, in vain: "Dean," he says quietly, touching his shoulder. "Son, what's happening to you?"
"I'm indifferent to the idea of gong-banging, yes."
"Trust me, Cas, I don't like it any better than you do," Sam says. "But if we can find a way to kill Michael right where he is, you can bring Dean back."
But Jack knows bullshit when he smells it. "Then why aren't you doing it?"
"Michael," Dean says at last. Haltingly he explains how yesterday Michael reached through the door in Dean's mind and sent him a vision of his mother, and how today he gave Dad yellow eyes and turned the gym into that old hunting cabin Sam walked out of to go to Stanford, startled Dean with the sound the door made as it slammed shut behind him. "I think Michael gets tired," Dean says. "The last one was shorter. He got kinda quiet. Dumb son of a bitch didn't give himself time to recharge his batteries. So my guard was down. I wasn't expecting—"
, without whomst this chapter would not have been possible. cathy writes extremely good spn fanfiction, so if you liked sam in this chapter, please go leave her comments and kudos in exchange for her sam girl sensitivity reading <3
Dad's face crumples. It would've been more than twenty years since he last heard her voice, but he recognizes it in an instant. And for all the times Dean's seen him cry about his long-lost widow after he had one too many—he only ever really talked about Mom when he was drunk—this is different. Dad looks like someone just told him he won the lottery. Dad looks like someone just ripped his heart out of his chest. Dean would know.
. The threat has passed."
"Dean!" Sam calls, from the other side of the door. "Dean!"
It's not fair. Dad's only been back for a day. How could it have fallen apart so quickly? Why doesn't Sam say anything? Doesn't he care? They're his parents too. "He's not a bad person," Dean says. "He did the best he could. Sam and I wouldn't even be alive if it wasn't for him."
Dean's silent for a long moment. He takes a deep breath, closing his eyes briefly. Then he says, "Well, it's safe. We're safe here." He swallows. "That's always the most important thing, right? Hard for anything creepy and crawly to come rip it out from under us."
There's a long pause, broken only by the swishing of water and Michael banging on that door in his head. If Dean knows his mom, she's smiling. "You know," she says finally, "when the boys were little I used to tell them that angels were watching over them. I wanted them to grow up believing in good things instead of monsters under the bed. I never dreamed they'd actually wind up with their own guardian angel. I guess what I'm trying to say is—thank you."
"Sure," says Jack. "I've never had s'mores. Is that normally a thing we do over salt and burns?"
For fuck's sake. "Man, what's it look like?"
Jack's eyes widen. "You don't have to apologize," he says quickly. He looks uncomfortable. "I don't care about that anymore. I know it was a mistake. You're still my family."
Fuck it. "I do not care," Dean decides finally. "I mean I do
Sam looks as wounded as if Dean had taken a knife to his heart. "I
"We gotta find a way to get him outta there," Sam says. "I'm not letting Michael have you. This whole trip was a waste of our time."
his problem? When Dean thinks about Flagstaff he doesn't think about that stupid clinic, or of lying curled on the floor without so much as his arms protecting his head like Dad always taught him to do when the other guy was bigger and stronger than you. It's how scared he was—not of the beating, but of Dad's disappointment, and his own failure. For Sam, both while he was gone and after he came back. It's that feeling of having screwed up,
Dean thinks about that for a sec. "Nope," he decides. It really has been a long time since he had sex. In a lot of ways it's even better than being drunk; post-coital inhibitions are practically non-existent. At least, that's the only excuse he can come up with to justify what he does next. Cas is sitting with his back leaned against the door and one arm on the backrest. So Dean just kind of leans into that empty space until they're pressed back together just the way they were before, and rests his head on Cas's shoulder again. "Let's stay here," he says, to cover his embarrassment. "Ever spent a night in this car? You'd be surprised how well she can sleep."
John's mouth drops open. "The—"
Another sharp tug at Mary's hair. We don't have a weapon, but they all know we don't need one. Dean has seen firsthand the kind of violence an archangel can do without moving a muscle. "John," Mary whispers, looking up at us through her lashes, "John, please—"
"I know." Cas sighs, looking out over the water. "Dean, if I crossed a line, before—I apologize."
Angels.
John will take it.
Very much without meaning to, Dean asks, "What, you getting cold feet?"
Now Dad's running his thumb over and over his wedding ring—when did he get that back?—and gazing at Mom's initials on the table, looking just as melancholy as he did when she was still dead. It's not fair; Dean's being forced to watch him lose her all over again. "I always wondered what Mary would think of the job I did raising you two," Dad sighs. "Now I guess I know."
Dean can't meet his eye. "I'm not giving up. I'm just trying to be realistic. This thing with Michael might not break our way."
"Of course I do."
"Okay," Dean murmurs. "Tomorrow."
you can find a masterpost of all broken road content
Dean just didn't know it was—like
Dean groans. He's warm and comfortable and exhausted, and the very last thing on earth he wants to do is leave this bed just to have to face a world that now has his father in it. But Michael is more than just his problem; Michael is his responsibility. Those super-vamps are stronger, faster, and scarier than the regular variety—not to mention they're immune to dead man's blood. If any hunter not in the know runs across them, they're toast.
That leaves him unsure about where he stands with Cas. Dean doesn't want to fuck him, but he does, a little bit, want to make him burgers for the rest of their lives, and make him happy enough to give out bear hugs to anybody in arm's distance. He's in love with Cas. How does that not make him gay? Is he half-gay? Is that even a thing? Dean knows better than to Google it.
As soon as Dean recognizes the emotion, he chokes on it, and his throat closes. He's pissed, but it's because—it's because he's jealous. Mom is the only person in the whole world who could command John Winchester's unconditional, undying devotion. Not Sam, and not Dean. Just her. And she doesn't even want it. Maybe she doesn't realize how cruel that is. But Dean knows a little something about undying devotion, and how it feels to have somebody step on it, scrape it off their shoe, and throw it back in your face. It's so unfair, it makes him so helplessly angry, that Dean can't even shout at her. He can't even speak.
as usual, my everlasting thanks to
"Don't say it was your fault!" Sam explodes. "For—for not being able to find me, or not stopping me from disappearing to begin with. I'm the one who ran off. I was always doing that stuff, without even thinking about how it made things worse for you. I'm sorry, Dean." Sam hangs his head. "I'm so sorry."
Stuff he missed before. It'll be strange to hunt when there's no more Yellow Eyes. He always pictured retirement. He wanted to be done. But he's the one who got them into this mess. He's going to have to clean it up himself. Aloud he says, "Family Game Night."
Sounds good. Dean doesn't say so, though, because he's busy breathing his way through this. Face hot and flushed, still clinging to Cas's shoulders, he begins to pump his hips up into Cas's touch. He doesn't mean to, but he just can't help it. The next downstroke wrings a high, needy sound out of him, and he presses his face into Cas's shoulder, embarrassed—but Cas doesn't seem to mind. He slides his free arm under Dean's to wrap around his back and brace him up, that hand cradling the back of Dean's head. He turns his head to press his lips into Dean's temple. "I've got you," he murmurs into Dean's skin, and speeds his pace up a little. "Come on, Dean, I've got you."
"Of course not," Mary tells him.
But before he can say anything else, Castiel has put a gentle hand on his shoulder and guided him out of the room. Their footsteps echo on the stairs—then the bunker door slams shut, leaving silence in its wake.
Anyway, it'd been their little secret, at least until now. Dean's not sure when or how Sam worked out that maybe Dad did more than just yell at him. Maybe he remembered the black eye, or how Dean had so much trouble sleeping. Maybe it was when Dean said, just after Dad came back,
God, this sucks.
. I don't give a shit about your reasons—those are just excuses, Dad! Gone is gone! Did you even stop to think about how scared I'd be? How lost? Your big, heroic sacrifice—but who had to stay behind and clean up that mess? It sure as hell wasn't you. You forced that decision on me because you were too chickenshit to make it yourself! I had to live with that screamin' in my head every day—
There's a long silence. Finally Castiel says, "Dean would never agree to that either. He cares about you too much. We
Something gleaming at the edge of our perception. Sam Winchester. He scooped up the archangel blade, and he's coming, and he won't care about killing John—
And there's a rare sight: Dad actually looks embarrassed. "When you were a kid, Dean."
"Dean."
Obviously there can be no massaging at the moment, not while they're fighting like this, but this bunker does have a well-stocked kitchen—so John makes Mary some tea.
"The—? Oh," Cas says, exasperated. "That's not what I mean. I'm saying that I no longer need to keep watch for Michael. So..."
to put them first. And you have to want to put them first. Before yourself, and before me. You have to want to do right by them because they're
"Surprise!" says Jack. "I wanted to hide behind the furniture and jump out at you like they do in the movies, but Cas said it would be a bad idea."
"Yes and no," Sam says. He glances up again, catches the confusion on John's face, and his mouth firms into a line, like he's annoyed at having to explain. "Our Bobby died. Took a bullet for Dean and me, actually. But there's another Bobby, from—another reality, I guess. We found a portal leading there a while back, and he came back through with us. He helps us out sometimes."
Cas crosses his arms. It takes Dean a second to realize that he's laughing. "None taken."
No, he's not. Michael is still beating away on that door, reminding Dean that he's probably measuring the rest of his life—or the rest of it that he's spending topside, that he's spending as himself—in hours, rather than days. If he doesn't make Sam understand this now, then he'll never get another chance.
Cas gave Dean a whole big beautiful speech, tears running down his face. Dean's pathetic—he can't even finish that sentence. But he doesn't need to; Cas's eyes go wide and he sits down abruptly, suddenly shocked speechless.
"You asked me before if I ever went back to school," he says. "The answer is no. Because once that kind of evil touches you, you don't get to get out. You don't get to go back to normal life. There was never gonna be an ending where we killed Yellow Eyes, and I got to go to college, and Dean got to settle down with a white picket fence. Because Yellow Eyes isn't the worst evil in the world. He's not even close. I mean, come on, Dad—one more job, one last fight? You could do that forever. You did it for twenty years. This
! That's why. We can't stress him out with a belly fulla pups. And somethin' like this-” he jabbed a finger at the screen where Gabriel's cocky face was still displayed, “-has the potential to be
Benny rolled his eyes, and released another weary sigh, running his hand over the fuzz on his head. “Okay, but
, yeah?” He looked pointedly at Dean as he said it. Before either the Alpha or Omega could respond, the doctor was out the door and bounding down the hall, presumably to his next appointment.
“I thought you'd be more comfortable this way.”
“What do you mean?”
“Tell me wha-
Slowly, Cas started rocking his hips, dragging his cock almost all the way out before slowly pressing all the way back in, causing the Omega to keen and writhe in pleasure. He was already on the edge, and Cas's pace wasn't helping to push him over any. It was about to drive Dean mad.
“That I am,” the man said, repeating Dean's greeting. “So, I hear you need a 'crash course' in mechanics before a big outing, is that right?”
Dean and Cas sat there, looking stunned and a bit lost as they absorbed the latest bit of information. Charlie waited patiently for them to get their thoughts together enough for one of them to speak again. It was Cas who finally broke the stunned silence.
“Fuck! I am so glad we live
“Yes, of course,” Cas answered darkly. “Please, have a seat.”
“What you mean?” Gabriel asked. “They're
“Dean...” Sam started, staring at his brother, his eyes wide and fearful. “Is he...?” Once everything had died down and he was sure his mates were safe, the large Alpha cautiously approached his brother and his brother's distraught mate.
He had to look away.
?! The Angel really was trying to kill him. He can't possibly handle any
“No, it wasn't our plan from the beginning,” Benny answered.
“Oh yeah, he is,” Charlie confirmed.
Charlie took a deep breath, and the look on her face told Dean what he needed to know even before she opened her mouth to say, “Well... no. That's a very serious medical procedure, and can only be attempted in emergency situations. Not to mention finding a willing volunteer that's not already pregnant with their own offspring.”
Then blissful darkness.
wouldn't sign off on such atrocities! No, no... nothing about this seemed right. None of it seemed right
So yeah, sorry about that. This just sorta came to me and I just had to write it down. Let me know what you think.
!” After each request the waited, but nothing ever appeared. “Well, son of a bitch.” He huffed again before saying, “Well what now?”
“Okay...” Cas decided to try a different tact. He settled down in front of the young man, crossing his legs in what he hoped was a non-threatening manner. “Maybe you could tell me your name?” He asked once he was seated properly. When no answer was given, Cas offered, “My name is Castiel.” He hoped the prompt would get the boy to un-clam up.
A bit of a backtrack here. Stay with me.
“Mmm,” Dean grumbled. He took a deep inhale, smelling nothing but the comforting aroma of oak and cinnamon. Without opening his eyes, he sniffed out the point where the scent was the strongest and burrowed deeply into it. He was rewarded with a pleased rumble and a strong arm encircling him as it drew him closer to the source of the scent.
“Hiya,” Donna chirped cheerily as she greeted her fellow Betas.
“Oh, yeah,” Charlie chuckled a bit, relieved by the innocence of the question, which could potentially lead to calmer discussion. “We've affectionately started calling children 'pups' around here, because of the similarities that the Alphas and Omegas share with wolves. You know: mates, knotting, heats, biting, et cetera.”
Cas chuckled softly, “Sounds like a good idea.” Cas sniffed at Dean a bit. “Hmm, you smell differ-”
It didn't take long for Benny to look back up from his task and address Dean once again. “Okay, you're all set, brutha.”
“No, it
“Uh, yeah, Cas. I know.” Dean figured Cas must have misread his tension as nerves, but he didn't feel up to correcting the Alpha at the moment so he just let it go. His eyes continued scanning the room, his heart inexplicably aching, and for the first time, Dean unconsciously brought his hand up to rest it on his abdomen.
“Yeah, what is it?” she asked impatiently, wrinkling her nose at the scent of him. She didn't smell too pleasing to him either, to be honest. Like tobacco and oil.
Benny shrugged is shoulders frustratedly and said, “I don't know, Jody. Nobody can find him!”
Dean spotted a few refueling tanks to the left. He suspected they'd have to pull the Jeeps over there in order to fill their tanks before they left. After making a mental note of that he turned his attention ahead. The entire back wall was made of glass, though Dean suspected that it wouldn't simply shatter if it were hit with something like, ohhh... a moving vehicle. Like the ones they just arrived in. Yeah, it definitely wouldn't do if someone could just smash into the checkpoint with their car, would it?
“Well,” Cas said before clearing his throat. He looked back up before continuing. “You were wanting a way to clean up, and then a shower suddenly appeared. Well... a shower of
An hour later, the group were once again dressed in their protective gear and headed back out towards their vehicles. Jody and Benny pulled the Jeeps around to the refueling station to be filled.
was it intense!”
“'Hmm'?” Cas asked, every inch the concerned Alpha. “What 'hmm'? What is it?”
he did. From eating and getting a drink from the fountain, to showering and sleeping. Even the
Without another word, he stalked out of the kitchen and out of sight. His mate and bondmates watched him go sadly.
pups!
“We decided that you'll only need to complete 20 hours of community service,” Benny finally delivered the news.
“Well, there was another Omega who was assigned to Alistair. He didn't like how Al was treating him, so he made a big enough stink about it that
The crystal clear waters engulfed them, same as always, turning the deep purple of their combined colors once again (although how the hell they get purple from pink and orange is still a mystery to them). It didn't take long for their skin to be swept clean of all debris, but they stayed in the shower longer than they needed to. They exchanged kisses and caresses, lazily exploring and worshiping each other's bodies with hands and lips and tongues. They weren't trying to start anything up again, they just wanted to spend some time together after so long apart. Dean didn't remember any of it, but it did still
Benny slowed his pace as he neared comms. Upon hearing voices he stopped in his tracks altogether, slowing his breathing as he strained to hear. He took a couple of tentative steps closer and the words became clear.
Benny shot her an unimpressed glare, but before he could offer a retort, Donna spoke up.
“Don't be so dramatic, Dean.” Cas rolled his eyes at his mate's antics. Dean couldn't see the gesture from the backseat but the Alpha couldn't hide the amusement in his voice.
“Now you're going to find out why you're here.” Alfie sighed as he unfolded himself from his drawn up position in his corner, and slowly made his way to the center of the room. Cas could see that he was fully erect and now that he was paying attention, he could tell that the smaller man was covered in a thin sheen of sweat as well. He didn't need to see Alfie's wrist to know that there was a red arrow on it and that it was pointing down.
“I said: how far does all this go? All this... this
Dean huffed again, “Well how long do you think-”
?” Cas said incredulously. “That's putting it a bit
“What-” Dean started, then paused when his parched throat threatened to close. He suppressed a cough, knowing instinctively that doing so would result in a very bad time. He tried again, “What happened?”
Benny turned back to Marco. “Take me to 'em,” he demanded.
It grated on Dean's too, but he didn't say anything. His mate's presence was far too comforting at the moment and he couldn't bring himself to worry too much about it. He let loose a jaw-cracking yawn.
“Yeah, good idea,” Benny agreed. “And Castiel is already re-learning medicine, so he should already be at least partially familiarized with that. I'm sure a lot of stuff as 'come back' to him by now.”
be, Cas. That's bullshit!”
The woman walked off, not waiting to see if Dean followed. Each one was run by a different member of the community, and this one was Ellen's. It was similar to the one closer to his and Cas's housing unit: chairs surrounding rounded tables and a buffet-style layout for people to collect their own food as desired. She led him through the area to a set of doors in the back, which opened up into the kitchen.
She smiled and winked at him and Dean had to accept the whole 'be patient' thing, even though that didn't seem to be in his nature whatsoever. Regardless, he closed his eyes, took a deep breath and tried to relax.
“You should get some more rest, Dean.” Cas leaned down and pressed a kiss to the top of his mate's head. “I'll be here when you wake.”
“Alright, lets go.” Cas dragged Dean by the hand and led him to the master suite for much-needed rest and relaxation.
When Cas entered their apartment, he immediately knew that something was wrong. The scent of Omega distress heavily permeated the air and panic rose in the Alpha's chest.
“Nope, didn't say a word about burning fluids.”
“Look, we believe you guys, okay? But it doesn't mean we're ready to forgive you just yet.”
Don't read any further if you haven't read the chapter and don't wanna spoiled.
“None of us do,” she said, indicating her and all of Alistair's other Omegas.
, Dean. You are strong and resilient. I can tell that you're kind and caring, the most remarkable and the most
“Okie-dokie, let's get started.”
“Dammit woman, what are ya tryna do?!”
“It's okay Dean. Everything is going to be okay. I know you must be very nervous about all of this, but it's all going to work out, alright?”
Cas sat back down on the floor against the wall where he was earlier. Dean remained standing, pacing a bit. What else was he gonna do? He considered eating some more, because why not? But he eyed the food warily then decided against it. He was far too full already. So he kept pacing, swiping at a tiny bead of sweat that had materialized on his temple.
“I'll see you guys around,” Charlie said as she followed Benny and the cleaning crew out of the door. “And I still wanna catch that lecture with you, Castiel.”
They drove in silence for hours, none of them really having much to say.
After Cas finished with his assessment of his mate's well-being, he decided that he'd had enough of the silence. He'd missed Dean and he wanted to have him in his arms at the moment. And maybe the Omega wouldn't be averse to a bit of fun after their time apart. Plus, Cas had some sexual frustration he wanted to release that had built up from his time with Alfie. He just hoped Dean would be up for it. If not, then no pressure. But an Alpha can hope, can't he?
“My mate doesn't need
“What the hell happened?” Jody demanded, mirroring Benny's sentiments.
Realization seemed to hit Cas all at once. “Okay, Dean. Okay.” Cas cautiously stood up from his spot on the floor. “Why don't we get you up and get you to the bathroom to a nice hot bath? How does that sound?”
“Fuck... Cas...” The look on Cas's face just
Dean's words did nothing to soothe the ache in his mate's heart. The Alpha wreaked of guilt and distress, and Dean could tell that nothing he could say would assuage his mate.
Now, apparently, he was being charged with accompanying two of the leaders of this new society on a secret mission to rescue a colleague! He,
A cursory glance at his wrist confirmed that the three vertical dots had indeed repositioned themselves into the arrowhead shape, with the single dot on the bottom, just like before. He had no doubt that Cas was in a similar state. He let out a huff and cursed under his breath when he noticed that he
“I need you to
And smash to pieces on the tiled floor below.
Benny sighed heavily. He made his way to the conference table and sat down at one of the tables with a defeated whump. “Yeah, darlin'. I figured it out.” He turned sideways so the table was to his right and he could face the other Beta while he slouched down in the office chair, one leg stretched out in front of him, one of his elbows resting on the table. He ran a hand down his face, stopping to rub at his eyes, which had begun to sprout dark marks underneath them.
“Dude, no,” Dean all but groaned as he clutched his coffee – decaf, of course – in both hands on the table, “I already feel like I'm gonna hurl.”
Cas nearly gasped when he saw the heartbreak on his mate's face. He wanted to destroy whatever put that expression there, but for the moment he just settled for gathering his Omega back in his arms once again, offering what comfort he could provide as Dean suffered another bout of trembling and soft sobs.
The first thing that Dean had to do was meet with the head mechanic in the garage to get his promised crash-course; then he was to grab a couple of duffle bags from the garage's supply room (one for himself and one for Cas) and take them back to his apartment. By that time, Cas should have received the message of his new assignment and the two of them would pack together and get some rest before meeting Jody and Benny back in the garage in the morning, where they'd get a vehicle and some supplies to take with them
The lead Alpha guard, the female with the scars, said, “Go about your business, please. There's nothing to see here.”
“You'll find out soon enough. For now, though, you need to get back to your mate.”
“Phase three?” Both Alpha and Omega inquired at once.
“Me too.” Dean took a few more moments to admire Cas's marked shoulder before he looked down at their chests, noticing the mess there and wrinkling his nose. Looking back up he said, “Well, how about a shower?”
“I'm gonna be fine, Cas.” Dean rolled his eyes at the Alpha's over-protectiveness. “Jody said Omegas are tougher than we're given credit for. Everything's gonna be fine, alright?”
“Yep, food's next. You guys can eat while we talk.” Charlie stood up with her clipboard and made her way to the door. “If you'll follow me...”
~*~*~*~
“Fuck,” Dean swore again, running a hand down his face. The past few days had been fucking exhausting. Hell, the entire
! There's been
“Hm?” Dean responded, not paying much attention to his mate, still focusing too much on the children around them.
And, boy, she wasn't lying! It took two hours before the tour was
“I sure did, and I know you did too.”
Hector chuckled. “Yeah, I hear ya, man. This place can be straight
“Well,
“Now, don't get too excited, Dean.” Charlie noticed that the Omega was far happier to see the screen than he should have been. “We don't have any actual programming or movies to stream.” She watched as Dean's face fell, visibly disappointed. “I know, I'm sorry. This is just to show announcements, schedules and the like.” She flipped through a few commands and screens, showing the Alpha and Omega how to operate it, making sure they knew what they were doing. At the end, she said to Dean, “And this is your schedule for tomorrow.”
“Uh, yeah. I guess so,” Dean answered, his cheeks gaining a pinkish hue. Luckily for Cas, Dean didn't see his mate's grin. The irate Omega would have torn his mate a new one if he'd caught the man laughing at him twice in just a few minutes. As it was, the Alpha was in the front with Benny. It had been decided that it would be safer for the pregnant man to ride in the back seat.
“Oh, yeah. But I sorta... suppressed it? I dunno, I just didn't wanna get involved.”
“Dean?”
!” He enunciated each word of the last sentence, trying the best he could to properly convey his distress to his mate. He knew Dean must have been able to scent his distress in the air, so why wasn't the Omega more upset than he was?
After a full minute, the water stopped and drained away into the ceiling and Benny moved to the door in the center of the black wall. He stepped up to the Geiger counter mounted to the little shelf, and was satisfied when it barely registered any radioactivity clinging to him or his bag at all.
“That Voice, Cas! Capital V. Alphas use it to keep their Omegas in line. Alistair used it on Meg and his other Omegas, and you've been using it on me since the ultrasound!”
bad I guess. I mean, at first, I wanted to find a bridge to throw myself off of, but... this is my third time being knocked up by that asshole, so I'm used to it now. And... and I don't know if it's my biology or some other force, but I do love my pups, regardless of the Alpha who sired them.”
” She turned back around to continue her trek, but then suddenly halted and turned back to them. “Oh, by the way. My name is Charlie. Designation: Beta. And I'm
, Dean thought as he gratefully took the proffered items.
Now it was Benny's turn to release a mighty groan. To Cas, he said, “We're never gonna hear the end of this, are we?”
Dean shook himself from his reverie and looked back at the other Omega, a knowing smirk gracing her features. “What?” he asked, honestly confused.
“You should eat something, Dean,” Cas chided.
While they ate their meal, Charlie, Cas and Dean talking quietly amongst themselves, they were approached by another Beta. He sported a short, neatly-trimmed beard and had a muscular build. Dean and Cas both noticed that he had a very faint, almost imperceptible scent, just like Charlie, and they wondered if that was standard for all Betas. When the man spoke, it was with a mellifluous lilt and a twinkle in his eye.
There was a power failure in grazing pasture B. Emergency! No, not an emergency. One of the electricians just needed to replace a fuse. The cows were fine for an hour in the dark in the meantime.
to be all cute and happy and round-cheeked, didn't they!
When Castiel continued to ignore him in favor of beating the living daylights out of their still-cackling neighbor, Dean took action. Unfreezing himself from his spot on the love seat, Dean rushed over to the fray and with no small effort tore his mate away from the raving lunatic.
“Well, that's me,” Meg said as she stood. “I'll be seeing you boys around.”
There were very few people who actually contracted the virus
“I love you, Cas,” Dean mumbled against his mate's neck.
“Yes,” Amara said, clearly not shy about making her voice heard, “Gordon and I thought it would be worth revisiting policy numbers 3698 and 3699, regarding Phase Two and Omega mates, respectively.”
“Of course. Would you like to see it?”
“Ah, no. You were givin' me plenty.”
“Actually, they do. Or
“Okay,” the doctor said, “you can sit up now, pull down your shirt and pull up your pants.” He quickly washed his hands with the little sink in the corner of the desk again, dried them on some paper towels, then made to leave. Clipboard in one hand, doorknob in the other, he continued with his instructions. “I've got a few other patients to check in on. In the meantime, one of the nurses will come and take you both to one of the ultrasound rooms. Just sit tight for now and one of them will come get you in just a few.” With that, he took off down the hall at a decent clip.
“...ean. Dean?
“That's kinda the point,” Benny chuckled in response. The Beta pressed another series of buttons on the console and, just like before, the ground began to shutter underneath them. A path, sloping downward, was revealed and the two Jeeps carefully made their way down into the depths.
“Yes. A
wrong!”
“Hmm.” Cas thought for a moment before he asked, “What are we supposed to be doing here? Do you know?”
“I don't know, Dean,” Cas answered with a sigh. When he scented his mate's distress he said, “But I'm sure the penalty can't be too harsh. Al was a monster and he got what he deserved. And the way he handled the situation obviously caused you great distress mentally, and possibly physically as well. The way he stressed you out could have been damaging to the pups. With how seriously they take child care and development around here, I'm pretty sure they'll take that into account.”
"Yeah, because he took Jack's grace. Jack's all but human now."
That's exactly what Michael wants to hear. "Cas, no. Once I'm down there, you can't go messing with it—"
It goes a lot better than the first time he tried. Cas stumbles back, clutching his face. "What the hell, Dean?" he shouts. "What's wrong with you?"
for you."
?" John says, incredulous. "Castiel healed me." But one shared look and John knows that isn't what Dean means. He's talking about the possession. Watching your body hurt people you love. Being helpless against a force so unimaginably powerful that wants nothing more than to see you suffer. Everything you know, everything you are, on display for a creature that revels in your pain. No more private thoughts or hidden places. It's the worst violation imaginable.
Michael is the shadow, in the body of one John Winchester, his eyes glowing blue in the dark.
"On the internet," Dad puts in, sounding vaguely bewildered. "Had to meet 'em at the road. This bunker doesn't have an address."
"Let us worry about that," Cas says. "I'd rather have him out there than in here with you."
The ribs on our left side.
Now Sam's the one with raised eyebrows. "All right," he echoes. "Dean, why don't you and me take the back, and—"
a little unnerved. Castiel caught him out last time, too. How does he always know? But John doesn't show fear to the enemy; instead he steps forward, deliberately unquiet. "Sorry," he says, "but I don't scare that easy."
and of course, thank YOU: everyone who read, commented, LIVEBLOGGED, made fanworks, and especially who cheered me on over on tumblr when this fic was just mysterious out-of-context excerpts i posted every once in awhile. you were all so excited for this fic before it even fully existed! my heart is full, and my gratitude is endless.
“You're joking, right?” Dean asked.
Also, I noticed a continuity error. When Dean and Cas were watching Dean's entrance interview video, the interviewer said that Sam had been accepted and that he was immune, which would have made him a Beta (like Charlie, Benny and Jody). However, I had decided to mate him with Gabriel, Jess and Aileen, which would make him an Alpha. So I went back and slightly changed that chapter so that the interviewer doesn't say anything about Sam being immune.
“Well, they're absolute dumbasses, then!”
They each breathed a sigh of relief when they were finally able to move again. Cas let go of Dean's wrists, and then gingerly extracted himself from Dean's hole. He was still hard, but he was quickly going limp once more, now that he was no longer sheathed. He stepped away from Dean and let the man stand up on his own.
“Benny, who the hell is she? I thought the mechanic you were bringing was gonna be that Beta guy.”
“Yep. Magic.” Charlie answered, matter-of-factly.
“Jess...” Sam eased forward, hoping to pull his pregnant mate away from the hostile Alpha. His own protective instincts flaring up once more.
“Thank you!” Cas voiced his gratitude for he forethought. “It's greatly appreciated, Benny. Really.” The Alpha reached forward and shook the Beta male's hand heartily. He really was appreciative of everything Benny had done for them, especially seeing as the alternative could have been having to lose Dean forever. The fact that the man also had the well-being of their pups in mind just added to the gratitude the Alpha felt.
Dean reached up and twined his fingers through Cas's hair, pulling the man's head impossibly closer and mashing their lips together even harder. Cas growled again and grabbed Dean's hands, slamming them above his head and then pinning them to the bed by his wrists. Dean whimpered at the show of dominance and thrust his hips upwards to get more friction to his engorged cock.
part, thank you very much. It took a bit of finagling, what with one arm out of commission, but he managed well enough.
After a while, when Dean seemed to have calmed down enough, Cas ventured to ask, “So... do you want to tell me what happened while I was gone?” Dean was silent for a while longer. When it became apparent that he wasn't going to answer, Castiel prompted him again. “Dean. What happened?” More silence. “Please, talk to me?” He planted a gentle kiss to the man's head as he continued to stroke his back.
Jody, having seen the chink in Benny's armor, pressed on. “And we both want to keep this bunker, and our mission, a secret, right? If we don't include him and bring him into our... our inner circle, or whatever, then we won't have a choice but to go through with the memory erasure. And you know it!”
It was paused at the beginning, on the image of a man, from the chest up. The Alpha and Omega both gasped as they beheld the face of Dean, stubble-chinned, leather jacket, black and red plaid shirt and a cocky grin, which seemed to be aimed at a person just off-screen.
led them here?”
of our lives in danger!”
mess,” she pointed towards the Pile Formerly Known as Alistair, “and you stuttered
it was hours. To be honest, he wasn't sure how long it had been. What he
happened to them that day.
“Yes, Alfie did say something about another phase,” Cas added thoughtfully. “What is it?”
And how could Cas deny anything to this man when he begged so beautifully? Dean spread his legs, and without a word, Cas reached down with one hand, lining himself up with Dean's drenched and waiting hole before pushing in, burying himself to the hilt in one long, glorious thrust. Once fully seated he immediately started up a fast pace, unable to control himself from pounding into Dean's deliciously tight heat. He let out a feral growl when Dean's errant hand started roaming again, even though the naughty appendage was
Jody grinned mischievously and said, “Well, we've gotta fight fire with fire.”
“I think it's a possibility,” Castiel answered then frowned. “That whole thing didn't make any sense to me at the time. I just didn't say anything. So many other things were going on at the time. But... why would they just keep you in a 'suspended state' while I was going through Phase Two? It makes no sense. Maybe... maybe you went through something too.”
“Dude, just spit it out.”
“Okay, so I can have someone else carry it, then. Right?”
need to calm down; I
Dean musters up the will and the brain cells to let out one finally plea. “Cas... I can't.. I just need to
The two of them let out simultaneous groans. Dean threw his head back, exposing his neck. Cas took advantage of the angle and latched his lips to the stretch of flesh. Dean moaned again and bucked his hips up slightly, trying to get a bit of friction to his neglected cock. Failing that, he reached between their stomachs to wrap a hand around the swollen member but was hindered by Cas's hand suddenly appearing on his wrist. Dean growled in frustration but was still inexplicably turned on by the show of dominance as Cas placed both of Dean's arms above his head and pinned them there. Cas continued lavishing his attention on Dean's neck. The Omega was about ready to cum already, and they'd barely started.
“Well, yeah...” Meg said thoughtfully, taking another tiny bite. “It
Benny mentally shook himself, there was no time to lose – he had things he needed to do, atrocities to prevent, Council members to overthrow. A wife to inform. Although he knew Charlie would miss him and worry, he also knew that she'd have Dorothy, another Beta, to keep her company. The two had been romantically involved for some time now, and he was okay with it. It was quite common for Betas to seek romantic involvement with other Betas when their spousal assignments didn't match with their sexual preferences.
“What? What's the last thing you remember?”
“That pregnant Omega we met in the waiting room the other day-”
“Uh... Dean?”
exactly?” Cas asked.
Blue-Eyes looks at Dean's hand, then back up to his face, as if he's not sure if he should take it. After just a few moments of deliberation, he accepts to proffered appendage in his own, giving a brief shake. "Castiel," he mumbles.
As weird as it sounds, the doctor's half rant/half pep talk actually made Dean feel a little better. He looked down and placed his hand over his stomach, imagining the little lives held within. He still wasn't completely happy about it, though he knew Cas was ecstatic. He could practically
“My what?”
Cas just watches as orgasm after orgasm is forced from Dean's body, over and over again. Cas doesn't think he'll ever get enough of seeing Dean like this. With his Grace, he can make his hunter come indefinitely, without causing him pain. However, eventually Dean starts coming dry, and that just won't do.
“Kinda big for a panic room, dontchya think?”
“Shit!” he cursed aloud. “I can't
“If I know my mate: No.”
to be a way out of this.
A shock of wavy, raven hair framing a lovely, heart-shaped face peered back at him.
Dean obeyed the not-quite-command and lifted his shirt for the tech to see.
Dean's and Cas's faces lit up in surprise. They'd expected Benny to show up, but not
Dean wasn't surprised to hear that he had a file. He'd assumed as much when he'd seen his entrance video. Hell, that seemed like a lifetime ago now. But Dean was curious as to what all his file said about him. What was it that they both obviously knew that they didn't want him to know about?
“Not yet. But one of his bondmates is pregnant, and she could pop at any minute.”
“Did...” Dean stopped and thought for a moment, his brows knitting. “Did you ever hear that voice? The one telling us to 'mate'?”
“Very lucky,” Benny agreed. He sighed and leaned against the wall beside Jody, mimicking her stance. The images that his guards had sent him of Hector's broken and bloodied form played behind his eyes as he thought of Jody's question. “Memory erasure. For sure. Maybe a bit of reconditioning.”
The arousal he was feeling every time Alfie presented himself was beginning to become unbearable. It wasn't too bad at first, but each subsequent presentation seemed to cause his arousal to pile up on itself, and now it's getting to be just a little too much. He feared he wouldn't have a choice but to 'mate' with the young Omega if this continued any further.
“Thank you,” Dean said after he'd gulped down the pills and all of the water. Despite having to pee so badly, he was also extremely thirsty. He was half convinced his mate was a mind reader.
it. If he did, those images would just get dredged up again.
? Didn't we agree that he'd been through enough as it is?”
But for now, he would bide his time. They had plenty of it.
“Nobody's killing anybody,” Jody demanded firmly. “She's been apprehended for now and is already on her way to erasure. She won't be a threat to anyone anymore.”
“Things
Jody looked at him pointedly and said, “Yes.”
?!!” For a minute it was all he could say. Then, “DON'T YOU KNOW WHERE THEY'RE GONNA COME
“Shit!” Alistair swore again. “Omegas always get so
“Recovery from what?”
noticed. I- I first noticed it before we were both knocked out. But then that voice said Phase One was completed right as I was trying to say something about it.” His head snapped back to Charlie, who still looked slightly like a spooked deer. “That's what that scent means?”
they supposed to do with that information?
Without further preamble, Dean plopped himself down on the 'bed', resting his head on the pillow with a satisfied groan. “God! It's like sleeping on a marshmallow!”
there?). He'd mopped the floors and washed dishes, and by the end of his time, he was ready to just go home and take a long and much-needed shower to wash away the grime and sweat from the day.
“What the hell is going
“Sounds like a plan,” Jody replied. After a moment she said, “So can this Amy woman be trusted?”
Cas and Charlie glanced at each other again before Charlie answered him. “What do you mean?”
leave, but the life I'd lead wouldn't exactly be a step up.”
exercise, for the time being. Other than that, you fellas are free to go.” He made a move for the door.
“It's alright, Cas. I can manage.”
“Wait,
“Well I must not've gone at all, cuz I didn't know any of that, and I don't like it!” He began to pace a bit, not really wanting to sit down
see your precious Alpha again. Wouldn't you like that? To be constantly denied over and over, not allowed to cum unless
A thought crossed Cas's mind and he asked, “Let me see your wrist.”
suspicious,” Dean murmured, his voice dripping sarcasm.
“'For the better'?” Cas repeated. “The better of what?”
” Dean relaxed back into his chair before saying, “
He tries to think of the last thing he can remember before waking up in this room, but he just comes up blank. There's nothing! All he can remember is his name: Dean. But there's no other information associated with it. No last name. No middle name. Nothing. Does he have parents? Siblings? Where are they? Do they know he's missing? Worse yet, did they put him here?! No that can't possibly be it. He doesn't know how he knows, but he knows that, if he has a family, they couldn't possibly have done this to him.
“So, you planned an ambush?” Dean asked accusingly.
The sound of shattering glass was soon followed by Dean's long and low groan of frustration.
“Oh,” Cas said a bit disappointedly. “I was hoping I could walk you over there, but I need to be at the hospital before then.”
“Yes, off,” Cas said. “There's something... I don't know, just-”
“Yeah,” Benny agreed. “In your situation, your pups would have been taken from you soon after they were born, then given to Castiel and his new mate to raise.”
contagious, but remained dormant in the body for
“I dunno. Prolly the same reason I didn't notice yours.” Dean sniffed at Cas again before something dawned on him. “Dude, why'd I gotta smell all fruity?” he asked petulantly. “I get the girly water colors earlier, now the fruity smell. What the hell?”
a panic bunker. As a matter of fact, that's pretty much what bunkers a
“Correct. Now, as I understand, we each have at
“Why?!” Benny scoffed. “Because he's
to him, and it sounded like he was trying to hold back tears while he was doing it. So Cas couldn't be
meeting! He'd just
“It can
“What?” Cas asked in confusion.
Charlie charged ahead, but Dean and Cas remained frozen by the door through which they'd just entered. It was all just a lot to take in. After spending so long isolated from other people, with just the two of them as company – with the obvious exception of when Cas met Alfie – it was suddenly very daunting to be in the presence of so many people again, and all at once.
“Thanks so much, guys,” Dean said again. “We really appreciate all of this.”
“Oh, yes. Of course.” Cas shifted and stood, then he leaned down to help Dean up.
Finally, the Beta male came back to himself. “Uh, yeah... Yes! That's right. M'not refusin'.”
Cas gave his hips a little test wiggle before giving a small sigh. “No. Looks like we're stuck together again.”
And it wasn't Cas.
“Who are you?”
“Well, that's too bad, sweet thing.” He planted a deceptively gentle kiss directly on top of Cas's mark on his left shoulder. The audacity! Dean let loose a low growl from his throat, a threat and a warning to back off! “Oh-ho! Sensitive, are we?” Alistair mocked with a wide smile plastered to his face. “Well, you have no say in the matter here.” To prove his point, he pressed a firmer kiss in the exact same spot, running his tongue over the mark as well.
“Wait,
“Of course!” that was Abby. “We plan on having Alphas running each of the facilities soon. There's a promising young man named Eldon who's set to take over for Jody.”
“You think we're gonna win?” Benny asked.
From one of the pockets of his lab coat, the Beta doctor pulled out a small packet of tissues and handed wordlessly handed then to the Alpha so that he could offer them to his mate. With his teeth and his free hand, Cas ripped open the package and offered one of the white squares to Dean, who accepted it gratefully. The Omega hated that he was showing such weakness in front of a stranger. If it were just Cas he wouldn't have minded so much, but he just met the doctor, and barely even knows him.
Well, damn. The woman was blunt! “Uuuhh,” Dean began blushing profusely and elected not to comment further on the subject.
Cas quickly pulled away to look at Dean's face, brow knit in confusion. “What do you mean?”
?!” It was almost like he was
“No, Cas!”
“What is this?” Dean asked, slightly awestruck.
“Well, you
“Alfie,” Cas repeated with a nod to his head. “It's very nice to meet you.” He slowly offered his hand to the other person and waited patiently for him to take it.
~*~*~*~
When Dean didn't immediately move away from his touch, Cas took that as permission to wrap his Omega in his arms, so he did just that. He held his mate close as he felt him gradually melt into the embrace. After a few moments, Dean brought his arms up to wrap them around Cas's back, drawing him even closer as he buried his face into Cas's neck, scenting him and using his comforting aroma to calm his nerves.
, and neither of the Alphas seemed to care. Now they're saying that Anna has 'stepped down', without warning?! “So, how did two new Council members get elected to fill their positions? That's gotta be decided by a vote!”
“Yeah but-”
Benny quickly glanced up and down the hall to ensure they weren't being overheard, then grabbed Jody by the arm and dragged her into an empty room. Once they were inside, he shut the door for added privacy and flipped the switch by the door, illuminating the space. It looked to be a storage room, with boxes and crates stacked on top of one another, almost reaching the ceiling.
“Next phase?”
He lightly jogged back to the kitchen, only to find the room empty. Figuring they must have gotten a move on when Donna came to check on them, Benny continued jogging past the kitchen and further down the hall. When he came to the junction that would take him to the communications room, he paused. On impulse, he decided to swing down there just to check things out.
with and create as many offspring as possible. For that whole repopulation thing we talked about earlier.”
The Beta sighed, then reached forward and grabbed the tablet that was still resting on the table in front of them. She woke it up, lighting the darkened screen, then after inputting a few commands, she set it back down on the table as the television on the wall lit up. On it, there was displayed what looked like a scene from a disaster movie, where the monster or the storm had ravaged the land, leaving nothing but fire and rubble in its place. Then the screen flickered and another scene was shown, and another. It cycled through countless scenes, different locations, each one just as devastating than the last.
“You did it,” Alfie said with a small smile on his face.
Dean chuckled, “Yeah, it'd be nice if we had some foo-
? We need people on the expedition team who've got more experience. We've already got one newbie with Dean, we don't need two! Why is
“Hm.” They lied together in silence for a few minutes before Dean said, “It's gonna be hard to sleep with the room so bri-” Before he could finish his sentence the room suddenly dimmed. It didn't get completely dark, but it did dull to a warm glow that was dark enough to get some rest, but still light enough that they could get up and move about without stumbling around. “Well that's better.” Dean took a deep breath and relaxed back on to the bed and closed his eyes after surveying the new light settings.
Cas took a deep breath before continuing, “Would you mind if we slept... together?”
vote,” Jody protested, her face shadowed in anger, much like Benny's. “We need a four-out-of-six agreement for anything to pass!”
The lead Alpha sighed and started to move past Cas, presumably to go in search of his mate. Cas quickly stepped in her path, then hastily raised his hands to show he meant no harm when batons were raised once again.
Eventually, they passed what looked like an auditorium. The Beta explained that they will often hold intellectual lectures for anyone who was interested to attend.
Dean smiled, though Cas couldn't see it, and snuggled further into his Alpha before closing his eyes and drifting into a contented rest.
“What d'you mean?”
where it's
Then another burning sensation causes both of them to simultaneously grab their wrists and hiss in pain. This time they are met with an intense wave of arousal that has them both panting and gasping and fighting with themselves not to start jacking off with a stranger in the opposite corner. Before either of them could figure out what to do or how to handle this newest development to their situation, they were given a single, simple command.
“I was in the tub, just relaxing, when it all just... came back to me.”
“Okay,” Charlie breathed, seeming relieved. “I think this is a good time to take a break, don't you?”
Dean was thankful for that. He didn't want to be touched any more than necessary. He sat up into a sitting position, tentatively rubbing his wrists. They were a little sore, but he didn't think they would bruise. He noticed that the pulsating lights were back to their vertical white glows. Then he took stock of the rest of his body. He was covered in his own release from waist to chest, and there was some that was starting to leak from his ass. Gross. At least he wasn't really sore down there. That was something at least. He also didn't feel so overheated. Another plus.
they've got me in. What the hell?!” He turned to Charlie, who had finally looked up from her notes in order to take in Dean's dramatics. “Charlie, man, do I really have to wear this?”
“Oh, you betchya. I don't mind at all.” Donna marked the page in her book before setting it down and standing up. “Be back in a jiffy.” With that, the cheery woman bounded off the bus and back into the bunker.
“Isn't blood really hard to clean once it's been sitting for a really long time?”
As Dean rested his head against Cas's shoulder, the Alpha's mind started reeling. What could have caused this? How could Dean have experienced those things? And
If that didn't just
“Already done,” she said. It was then Benny noticed a strap on her shoulder that lead to a duffle bag hanging by her hip.
uncomfortably and he was filled with an intense longing. He tried to mentally shake himself of the unpleasant feeling, but it was persistent. He tried to ignore it, but it would not be ignored.
Dean took in a deep breath and then released it before he answered. “Meg came to visit.”
“Well, let's hear it,” Gabriel said as he leaned forward and rested his arms on the table in front of him.
“Alright, alright,” the doctor raised his hands in a placating gesture, “you've got me. We're all fulla shit down here, I know it.”
“That... that can't be,” Cas breathed. His voice was low and barely audible. He sat back in his chair, seemingly slumping in on himself.
“Well, try harder.” Dean thought that maybe bucking his hips would help dislodge the other man, so he planted his feet on the floor and tried, but it was no use. He tried rolling over; he tried sliding from underneath Cas, and he tried just plain old standing up, but nothing worked. He was trapped.
something to Dean, causing his ass to gush out a fresh wave of slick and his already painfully stiff cock to twitch and stiffen even further.
Castiel stood up and crossed the room. As he passed Alfie, he said, “Get cleaned up, and we can talk some more after.” Cas continued his walk until he reached the other side of the room, where he faced the wall and didn't turn back around.
Dean felt himself being slowly shifted onto his right side, facing the rest of the room. Alistair shifted with him, his knotted cock still buried deep inside him. Once they were on their sides, Alistair had better access to Dean's neck and ear. He wrapped his arms around Dean possessively, pulling Dean's back flush against his chest. He laved is tongue over Dean's neck and ear, causing Dean to try to twist and writhe away from the unwanted intimacy. It distracted the Omega from noticing the Alpha's roaming hand, making its way back to Dean's still-swollen cock. Once it came into contact again, Dean gasped and involuntarily thrust his hips forward, causing him to clench onto Alistair's knot even tighter, and causing himself to stroke into the vile man's fist.
“This place sounds huge!” Dean exclaimed, cutting Charlie off mid-sentence, while also astutely avoiding the subject of his pregnancy.
“What are
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “But I guess I should check my schedule now, huh?”
Amy's upper lip twitched with a barely-contained snarl at being given an order by a Beta, and Cas was looking just as conflicted. However, eventually, both Alphas relented, listening to the more logical parts of their brains, and obeyed the order to stand down.
“Well, come on. Let's see what's left.” She stood up from the table and made her way further into the kitchen. “I'm starving, and I'm sure you are too.”
He couldn't just sit there in his office and do
“I, um, I think I'll skedaddle now, give you folks some space.” Donna got up and headed for the door, stopping on the way to rest a hand on Rufus's arm to say, “I'll see at home later then, hun?”
“Right, right, ya don't know yet. But you will. I promise you, once those little ones are out in the world, they're gonna be the love of your life. Mark me on that.”
“Not now, Cas!” Dean snapped. He was beginning to regain control of his temper, but Cas's voice wasn't helping matters. He just wanted to be left alone.
“Hey, guys. What's happening?” Dean announced their arrival.
Cas awoke sometime later to the scent of berries and honey. It was a sweet smell, like home and comfort and warmth. He slowly peeked his eyes open and saw Dean lying next to him. They were both on their bed, lying on their sides, facing each other. Back in their own room.
“Oh, that's Amy,” Dean answered with a groan. When Jody said others would be joining them, Dean had hoped that it would be his new friend, but it looked as if he'd have to endure the trip with the unpleasant Alpha. At least they wouldn't have to be in the same car.
did it. And... I know,” he added on a somber note. “I know you'd never make me do any of this on my own,” Dean relented, and simply because he wanted to, he leaned down, bringing his hands to the back of his mate's head, and brought the other man up for a kiss. Their lips touched lightly, the kiss hindered by matching grins.
Jody stepped forward and leaned her head into the entryway as she peered down the length of it, but the staircase disappeared around a bend, preventing her from seeing all the way to the end. “Where does it go?” She asked.
“Marco...” Benny said with an exasperated sigh, “I'm sure whatever it is, it can wait a few-”
already. Cas didn't need to be told twice. He withdrew from Dean's drenched hole almost completely before roughly shoving back in all the way, pinging Dean's prostate as he did so.
“In case things went sideways?”
freakin' kids, Cas!
Satisfied that Dean wasn't going to poison himself with a dose of any residual radioactivity that could be clinging to the surfaces surrounding them, the others went about the business of gathering what little supplies they'd need during their short stay at the checkpoint. Once that was done they all made their way to the end of the parking area.
Thanks a heap for all of your patience!
would definitely cause a stir if anyone got the wrong idea about what the two Councilmen were doing together. Alone. In a freaking storage room. After they just confirmed that the Alpha Councilmen were having an affair.
That made Dean feel a little better, though not much. At least he knew now that he stood a chance if Cas tried that crap again, not that he would, especially after they had a little talk about it. Cas wouldn't deliberately strip him of his free will. Would he?
provoked. By his
Councilmen's fault.”
“And I get that going outside could potentially be a
“I'm so, so sorry,” Cas whispers, his hips starting to move faster as he fucks into Dean with less reserve, starting to lose the battle with his own will power.
Dean and Cas stared at the Beta incredulously. “...Magic?” Dean asked sardonically.
“'What do you mean 'something'? Is that bad or-”
your fellow Omegas!” Jody demanded to know.
A contemplative look passed over Cas's face. He thought for a moment before saying, “Do you suppose the room is anticipating our needs?”
“Um, isn't food supposed to be happening right about now?”
I've had three deaths in my family. First my aunt, then my grandfather, then my uncle. Each one was just as devastating as the last, and I will miss each of them forever. I spent most of the initial mourning period high off my ass just to cope.
survived, and even fewer who were immune. Those who survived where rendered sterile, unable to reproduce after the intense fever ravaged their bodies. As for those who were immune, their immunity wasn't discovered until it was too late to create a vaccine, or better yet, a cure.
“Yeah...” Dean said, that had been the first things he saw, but they looked nothing like babies, more like trapezoids or other weird shapes, so what the hell!
the information you need, not who gives it to you. So I'm gonna get Hector to help you out, alright? He's my second in command and knows just as much about this stuff as I do. He'll see to it that you get all the info you need, and quick.”
“Dean...”
racist, but didn't realize it, could rationalize their own behavior by lumping themselves in with the 'non-racists', saying 'Oh that doesn't apply to
“Great. Follow me.”
Dean lifted his head from Cas's shoulder where he had been resting it and they both looked over towards Jody who was staring at them expectantly, eyebrows raised in silent command.
Cas growled and reached over to dragged his mate closer to him. He pointedly wrapped a protective arm around his mate, his scent exuding anger and protectiveness as he stared daggers at the Beta Councilmen. His forgiveness would most definitely
“Dean!” Sam demands once again, after Dean takes too long to answer.
He stepped back just far enough for the petite Beta to exit the apartment, but he didn't leave yet. “It was
He was getting lost in the monotony of the task when he noticed something odd. In one place, where the liquid should have kept going, it stopped. Just stopped in mid-trek as if it disappeared between the tiles. He mopped the pickle juice away from the edge of the tile where it had stopped, and leaned down to get a better look. It didn't seem out of the ordinary. Just a regular tile among hundreds of others that looked just like it. But
Benny nodded then said, “I'll be back tomorrow, Dean. The two of us'll have to go over the particulars of your community service and I'll need to enter your new status into the system so a schedule can be made for ya.”
she spat the word out, “of meeting my Alpha, Alistair.”
“Well? What is it?!” Cas asked, getting aggravated, distressed Alpha pheromones scenting the air, despite the null odor, which caused a small whimper of discomfort to escape from Dean, one that he will deny til his dying breath.
“Yeah, that's me. You must be the doc. Where the hell've
“Cas, what?!” Dean scoffed as he realized that his Alpha had suddenly become useless, so he turned back to the technician who was still beaming like an idiot. Was everyone completely useless all of a sudden?! “Donna?!” he prompted, hoping that would kick-start an explanation.
Where is my Father? Is He watching? Can He see me?
The big four-oh. Dean watches Sam putting in candles and it hits him like a punch to the sternum that this is it. It's part of why he didn't want to sleep earlier. It's stupid, because they don't normally make a big deal out of birthdays, but he didn't want to miss a second of this one.
find another way. We—"
Cas searches Dean's face. "It's getting worse," he says, and this isn't a question either. "You're running out of time."
The kiss breaks. Dean runs his hand back through Cas's hair to mess it up like it was after the vampire fight, then pulls Cas in for another. "Dude," he says finally, against Cas's lips, "you looked fucking hot today."
Dean turns his head to Dad. "They came out with a shitty reboot of these while you were dead, but the guy they got for Yaeger sucked. Shoulda just waited and asked you, huh? Dad," he adds to the room at large, "used to do the
Oh, fuck. Dean moans, mouth dropped open and eyes squeezed shut, breathes in that familiar ozone smell, and shudders and comes apart in Cas's arms. Cas holds him through it, fingers stroking lightly through Dean's hair.
Dean shovels eggs into his mouth. He already thought of that, thanks. He didn't bring it up because his dad and Michael are already sharing a roof—he really doesn't want to add thinking about Alastair and Sam's demon mojo to the mix, especially not when Dad's gone and made the whole demon blood thing a touchy subject again. Besides, what good would it do to make Michael some other poor bastard's problem?
But Cas isn't dead. Oh, no, Dean's just getting started. He starts towards Cas, now a wheezing bag of meat on the floor—then he hears something behind him.
Dean's on his feet first, beer abandoned in favor of going to check on her. Mom's already down the stairs by the time he gets there, and to his shock she immediately pulls him into a rib-crushing hug.
The ugly truth is maybe a small part of him had always known. Cas didn't say
Cas rounds on him, murder in his eyes, but before he can open his mouth Jack says, "Cas can't fly, but he does have a truck! He and I could ride in that. After all, Mary did say you all needed lots of time to talk."
"Was I wrong to assume you wouldn't want a repeat performance?" Cas goes to spit blood in the sink. "We've known each other for more than a decade and I never needed to bring it up before. Why should now be any different?"
. It's not about love. It's about power. And your daddy and me, we'll both have you under our heel until the bitter end. Even if we didn't—aren't you forgetting something? You're not an archangel either! You can't use that thing on me."
John casts a look around the room. "I don't guess you have the white pages in here? No—you'd look folks up online, now, huh?"
"No!" Dean shouts. "Cas, what the fuck—"
"Don't you start either," Dean warns. He's pretty sure the only good thing Cas ever had to say about John Winchester was that he had beautiful handwriting, and Dean's head still hurts way too much to fight about it right now.
"Mary," Dad whispers, and shoves out of his chair, whirling around right as Mom appears in the doorway.
And John probably didn't say so often enough, but he always appreciated not having to come home to a mess. Two whole years over in Vietnam couldn't hold a candle to some of the shit he saw on the job: mangled bodies, dead kids, people you were so close to saving and failed. When the boys were still very young, John would always get home to find his kids living in squalor, and something in him would just about break, because he couldn't do it all—hunt the Yellow-Eyed Demon, and keep his family safe, and clean up after a couple of kids.
"Dad!" Dean says, startled. "Uh, morning. Sorry. You surprised me."
Mary wasn't perfect, much as John liked to think of her that way after she died. Far from it. Sometimes she took her ferocity too far; a perceived slight could set off her short temper, protectiveness could turn a little controlling. And she was distant, a lot of the time. She didn't like to let others in. She rarely spoke to John about her childhood, or about her life before she met him. She'd disappear for a couple of days at a time now and then.
"I'm sorry," Cas says immediately. "I'm fine. I didn't think you'd be along just yet."
In the old days, John would have, without a second thought, followed Dean and shaken the answers out of him even if it killed them both. Of course, in the old days, Dean wouldn't have even considered hiding something so big from John. Things are different now. John feels like he's on probation; one wrong move, and—
"That kid..." Dad starts, clearly struggling with something. "Sam said—Sam said angels possessed people. Is he possessing someone? Is Castiel possessing someone?"
It's a work in progress, but that's all right. They're free now. It's like Cas said: they have more years ahead of them.
No, no, no—we can't die—we can't die, we are eternal, we are our Father's most beloved, His favorite son—
To his surprise there's a raised scar on Cas's left side. Dean's never really seen Cas with his shirt off, but he remembers the wound well: it's where that other yellow-eyed demon stabbed him with Michael's lance. Dean can't stop touching it. He runs his palm over and over and over it, like he could smooth it away if he just tried hard enough.
Of course, there's no point in looking for clues about Yellow Eyes: he's dead. It feels so strange not to have that quest to turn back to anymore. Before, there was no such thing as boredom or free time. Every spare moment was devoted to the hunt. If he didn't have a case in front of him, he could always turn over his clues and omens one more time, one more time, one more time. Now there's no need. Yellow Eyes is dead, and John is here. It's a turn of events he never saw coming. He always thought the fight would take him out, too. Without it, he's unmoored.
"Yeah, well, I'm not!" Sam says. He glances at the library entrance and lowers his voice. "And you're not supposed to be okay with it either, Dean! You told me you weren't going to give up!"
Laying off, John reminds himself. He's playing good cop. For Mary. "Like what?"
Cas doesn't let him sweat it out for too long. "For keeps," he agrees in a murmur, and if his voice wavers just a little Dean'll do them both the courtesy of not mentioning it. "Me too. But you already knew that."
Dean's vision swims. The pounding in his head gets worse. One of the vampires grabs Dean's hair and, yeah, no, that's more than far enough. Dean knees it in the balls.
God, trying to lie to this guy is a joke. Would it kill him to blink? "I just wanted to make you dinner, Cas. Don't make a federal case about it."
Dean continued to plead and beg, “No, stop! Please stop!” After a while, he didn't know if he was talking to Alistair or his own body, which continued to race to the edge. Soon - all too soon - he could feel a growing pressure in his lower abdomen. His cock, hanging heavy and neglected between his legs, was weeping uncontrollably; glob after glob of precum splattering onto the bed beneath him. He could feel it, so close. God, he nearly wanted to beg for it, just so it could be
Cas smiled against Dean's hair and pulled him tighter against his chest. “I love you too, Dean,” he whispered back.
“Dean!” Cas answered from the living room. He jumped up from the couch and headed directly over to his mate, worry etched into every line of his face as he rushed over and embraced his pregnant mate. “I've been given an assignment!
“Oh... this and that,” Al answered, obviously evading the question.
Blue-Eyes narrows a glare at Dean before answering. "You're not one of the ones in charge here? You're not responsible for all..." he gestures vaguely around them, "this?"
for the return trip too, aren't we?”
“Well,” Jody answered, “you
He'd made friends with Donna, Jody, and Benny; and even though he still had a long way to go before he could forgive the Beta Councilmen for what they'd done, he still felt love for them and was looking forward to spending time with them as well. Eventually. He was still pissed at them though.
But...
“Well, I've tried. But those things only show up when an Alpha requests them. In
“Hm?” Dean answered on the tail end of a weary sigh.
"Um," Dean says smartly, "well, I could ask you the same thing, fella."
arm, boy. The one with the implant.”
Doesn't matter. Someone's communicating with them, so Dean's damn sure gonna communicate back. "HEY!" he shouts in between pants, "HEY, LET US OUT OF HERE!!!" However, they were simply met with the same command.
Dean gave the air a test whiff as well. “Yeah, now that you mention it, I don't either. What's with that?”
“Help yourself,” Dean said sardonically as he rolled his eyes.
Without further ado, her screen went blank, signaling that she had signed off, followed closely by Amara and Gordon. Uriel smirked proudly at Benny before his face was also replaced by darkness.
“A test phase? A test for what?” Cas asked, eyes narrowed.
Cas led the way as his giggles died down, with Dean following behind him. The Alpha had to keep himself from falling over with laughter at the way his mate was walking. Eventually, Dean righted himself and began walking with a gait that resembled something normal.
Dean and Cas looked at each other, then back at Charlie. Cas then said, “Alriiiight...”
“This happen during Phase One?” the doctor asked Dean, ignoring the Alpha. This appointment was about the pregnant Omega, after all.
“You wanted to meet us? Why?” Cas asked.
Two of the other Alphas broke away from the group in the living room and did as their commander told them. The two in the doorway scattered when they saw the burly guardsmen coming at them. Silas and Phil shrugged their shoulders at the easy job and were about to head back, but the two lookie-loos who left were quickly replaced by three more, then five. Before they knew it, they were overrun by nosy neighbors who just wouldn't get the hint.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief. “Good. Cuz that wouldn't've worked out. I can tell you that now!”
Cas though for a moment before he let out a tiny sigh. “I don't know, Dean. I wish I did so I could give you some answers, but I just don't know.”
It didn't take too long for their food to get there, although neither of them had an appetite after that bomb was just dropped in their laps. They picked at their food while Charlie continued with her explanations and answered any and all questions that were presented to her.
“None of the others refused the mating command?”
“See, told ya, dude! Hamburger!” The same Alpha from before had apparently brought a friend.
Eventually, it was Jess who approached, much to Sam's discomfort. Castiel may have been his brother-in-law, but at the moment he was also a distressed Alpha protecting his injured and pregnant mate from what he perceived as threats coming from all sides. He restrained himself from reaching for her and holding her back. The sudden movements were sure to agitate Dean's mate even further.
That was Amy. Benny's breath hitched in his chest. They were planning on getting rid of him next? And putting
“Uh... yeah, okay,” Dean answered, unsure, but not daring to argue.
Startled, he jumped back, removing his digits from the stream, and inspecting his hand. There was nothing on it. Not even a few errant specks of water. His hand was completely dry, but it did seem a bit... cleaner? He glanced at Dean again, then back at the water. It had turned back into the crystal clear waters that were there to begin with.
“We could use your help over here.” She tilted her head in the direction of an injured guard sprawled on the ground a short distance away. “Can you grab your medkit and give us a hand.” It wasn't a question. She could tell he needed a distraction and what better way than putting him to work?
bad, for that matter.
~*~*~*~
Dean snorted and rolled his eyes at the ridiculousness of the request. “Yeah, Cas. Of course.”
Dean took a quick inventory of his person and noticed that his left arm was in a sling.
Upon further inspection, he notices something on his left forearm: it's three vertical dots, one above the other. But the odd thing is they appear to be underneath his skin; and weirder still - they're
