And it wasn’t… bad.
“Just please fucking
“You haven’t heard what I was gonna -”
The creepy ringmaster in the old top hat was, as Dean had for some reason expected, standing on the step outside of his campervan waiting for him, swinging off the little banister and his face lighting up from the moment he saw Dean walking towards him.
Cas opened his eyes, still trying to remember. After a long night of tears, joy and laughter, it had been the sight of Dean, hand still reaching for him in sleep, vulnerable as Cas had never seen him before that had done it. It was that image which Cas was still desperately trying to keep burned in his brain when he was Awakened.
“So you’re telling me that you’ve got no problem if I call up Bela right now.”
“Yeah?” Dean smiled. For some reason, Sam was looking sheepish, like it was him with the monster blood and the possibly murderous past.
“What if he yells at us?”
Cas shook his head and sat down in front of Sam by the end of the fire. “I’m sorry, Sam. It’s -” He raised a limp hand which he quickly let fall back on his lap.
“Yeah.” Dean forced a grim smile. “Mostly, I want to eat you, and I don’t wanna eat him. It’d be like eating… marble.”
Still unsure, Cas nodded. Dean looked ready to break out of the ropes that had so far been binding him so successfully.
Slowly, Cas circled back to the end of the couch, getting the full effect of his very naked roommate, now with shining, hard nipples. And a cock that looked as if it had been getting equal amounts of attention.
Jack nodded, seeming grateful that he didn’t need to explain himself further. Cas let his face twitch up into a smile and gestured at the seat which his Jack had only just vacated. “Well, I’m more than available to talk.”
Cas sat down on the arm of their couch. “What?”
“For your sake I hope that worked out.”
The old man raised his eyebrows. “Sure you’ve not gotta run off somewhere?”
(For now.)
“Ouch.”
Dean thought about Benny a lot. Maybe if he ended it all and killed himself he’d see him again - maybe he really was still down there with Sam. Dean imagined it would be easier to forget everything he was missing if he was back in Purgatory. He wouldn’t feel like a monster there, wouldn’t feel punished.
“No, Dean, I’m not.”
“Dean, c’mon, it’s fucking cold out here -”
“Look, we’re friends of his, and -”
“I’ve
“Fly.”
“Good,” Dean said, and kissed him again, cradling his face with both hands, fingers burying into the hair Cas wished he was able to get trimmed. Breathing in the smell of him, Cas snaked his hands up Dean’s back to hold him up.
He could easily imagine Chuck sending them something else to love only to watch him kill it. Not that Cas and his feelings would have been included in that scenario. It was always about what his main characters cared about, and Cas had never been one of those, despite several ill-advised attempts to make one of himself.
“I’ve been here twenty-four years.”
“Oh, I’m Ruby’s
“I employ an excellent P.A. who I pay even more excellently. Probably too excellently, but she’s very persuasive. And I can feel my teenage self hating me right now for everything I just said.”
Dean nodded. They’d talked through the concept of vessels before, and that Cas didn’t believe his own was still alive in there after some other events he preferred not to talk about. It was all fairly messed up in a way that Dean hated to think on. The idea that Cas’s messy hair or piercing eyes weren’t actually
Obligingly recognising what Dean was asking for, Cas leaned down to kiss him. Regardless of morning breath, the unbelievable novelty of kissing Dean still just wasn’t wearing off.
you -”
“Ok, Clarence, what’s really the issue here? Because casual hook-ups and touching or whatever was just fine when we were a thing.”
“But for now,” the little man was saying as though nothing had interrupted him, “I want you to
“Worried about you, mostly.” Sam smiled, apparently kind enough to finish his interrogation. “But things have been ok. Eileen moved in.”
Dean started the car, nodding along like he was listening. Cas was busy, Cas had places to be. He’d heard that before.
thank you everyone reading who has put up with the usual anarchic scheduling and clear lack of beta read. i swear i can proof read i am just so very very rarely in the place for it when i get through writing. so very much love for CoralQueen, whose wonderfully weird prompt ideas i completely fucked with and made even weirder here. anyway probably back to my far fluffier and more irreverent content soon, but morally questionable deancas supremacy!! they're bad people but they are soft for each other and that is neat.
“So yeah. I thought you were hot, and I mean Anna liked you and as we know, she has phenomenal taste. And sure, sometimes I could hear you playing and I wanted to come and watch. But yeah, you seemed too nice for us to ever be friends.”
He walked away and Cas didn’t stop him.
As he shook his head Dean smiled and moved his face towards Cas’s so that their noses were almost touching. He could smell the fresh blood Cas was covered in, and it was intoxicating, and he was so far past wishing it wasn’t. “I don’t care,” he said. And he kissed him, because he really didn’t.
“Hiiiiii.” Ruby’s face froze in a strangled smile. “I’m sorry, kid. I’ve got the wrong house.”
“I’ll come back.”
“Dude. You do not need to go giving me the one magical night only speech. Big girl here, and probably still leaving today anyways.”
“First time flying?”
Other than leaning one hand down on the ground for support, Cas didn’t move. But his face went white. At first, Sam thought it was fear clouding his face, but then he recognised what it really was. It was rage.
“Ok, leave it alone, we’re done with the turn-ons game.”
He still didn’t know what he wanted to say to Dean, but he needed to say something. Being a coward until Dean inevitably started speaking to him again and they found some new kind of awkward normal wasn’t enough.
(Like Sam’s.)
Stupid big blue eyed dork with his glasses that didn’t fit him properly and kept slipping down his nose. Every time,
When they’d first moved into their new flat together, figuring that they didn’t have a good enough reason not to keep living together after the rent rose too high on their first place, Dean’s brother and Mom had come over to help them move in, which was how Cas had gotten to know and like Sam. He’d liked Mary very much too, but had been a little overwhelmed by her. She’d known him maybe ten minutes before hearing that he’d be alone for thanksgiving and immediately inviting him. Dean had hurriedly stammered through a, correct, explanation about Cas not celebrating the holiday, looking as flustered as Cas had ever seen him.
“But I’d like to know… are you happy?”
“Aw, c’mon just watch the thing.”
He remembered the look in Bobby’s eyes when he’d accepted that his wounds from the monsters they’d narrowly slipped away from were about to be the death of him.
. The reason they’d never gotten a pet wasn’t a hard one to figure out. It was something else to take care of, to look after that couldn’t look after itself. Hell, they’d all died too often to even keep other people around in their lives for long - never mind animals.
The old man rolled his eyes and leaned back on his gardening tool for support. “Let me guess. More superfans looking for a makeout spot?”
Bending down to attempt to meet the girl’s eyes, Cas moved closer again. “What are you hearing?”
“Look, I’ll just stay on my side of the table over here, and you can stay on your side over there.”
Dean wasn’t asleep. Cas hadn’t exactly been hoping he would be, but it was difficult walking up towards him and seeing those purple eyes guiding him in like tiny twin lighthouses. Sam had told him the eyes had dimmed back to their natural colour, but apparently that hadn’t lasted.
With effort, he focused and found his eyes sharper. The man in front of him was familiar, smelt like a friend.
Dean’s eyes flicked between the speakers, but he did not seem inclined to offer any more words himself. Maybe he found it difficult – it was rare that Sam had met monsters capable of speech.
And, moreover, Cas had long suspected that Dean knew exactly how Cas felt about him. He just hadn’t been bold enough to name it or look it in the face until now.
“I suspect it’s still going to involve a lot of teenagers getting slaughtered in unlikely ways.”
Dean blinked slowly as he opened the photo of the house.
“I got lucky, I’m sure,” Blue-eyes conceded, keeping his voice a measured whisper. Funny, there was no one else there and they should have already left but it still felt proper to whisper. “Are you trying to stay here after hours?”
Cas tried very had not to stare at him as he walked away, then collapsed onto the couch himself.
“Movies, huh?”
“That too. No. I’m a coward. I don’t know if I want you to remember.”
“Meddle?”
“I beg to differ.”
It wasn’t loud. Lips weren’t smacked. Cas’s lower lip was tugged away from him, tenderly.
Licking over his lips, Dean looked down again, heart racing but somehow keeping the pace of his feet steady. “Ok for – for how long then?”
Yes, he told himself firmly, it was going well, and he could keep himself together for the end of this practice run, and –
Feeling giddy now, Dean dropped his bag and slid a loving hand over that bannister, which presumably led upstairs to another fucking giant floor, and let his eyes skirt around him. The faux marble flooring which led next door to… Dean let his jaw drop and raised a finger, like he was considering rebuking the room for existing. It was a room with a TV as long as the wall. And all along the other walls… Movies. Stacks upon stacks of blu-rays and DVDs. There were probably as many movies in this room as Dean had ever seen in his life.
Cas bent in with his tongue, trailing, it up from Dean’s hole over his balls, stroking his hands reassuringly up and down Dean’s thighs as he did so. He really didn’t usually like the taste of artificial strawberries, but he decided that he could definitely be made to grow used to it.
you – with your “guests” in the mornings. It doesn’t make me feel confident about the sex when I’m not even sure that you can handle the most basic of foreplay, I’m sorry, Dean.” It might have started out as lame excuse, but Cas was starting to very much enjoy the depth at which Dean seemed to be taking this fully to heart.
Dean felt Cas’s eyes on him and shrugged. “Well he misses you.”
Dean stiffened, and seemed to pull further away.
“Bubble tea man, you’ve not had bubble tea?”
The angel’s face crinkled unexpectedly into a smile. “No, I’ve lived a basically debauchery-free existence. Are you offering to help change that for me, Dean?”
“No?”
franchise?”
“Suffice to say, I’m not exactly filming ready yet,” Cas grumbled, touch his fingertips to his painfully throbbing neck glands.
Eventually he had a carefully curated casual home outfit to leave the room in, but hearing Dean’s voice stopped him before he could leave the room.
“Well, there you go then.”
He’d done a lot of things for those eyes.
That wasn’t it, he’d said that before. It was three in the morning, and Dean was begging an empty room with useless words that had never worked before.
She was an adult, who was free to make her own dumb decisions without owing anybody anything.
Sam coughed again and looked back down at his own plate which he’d scarcely touched. “Just… I know you don’t know anyone here, so… well if you’re
By the time Ruby was retrieving her passport she was getting the strong sense of deja-vu. She was too hungover and probably too jetlagged to feel motivated to get another plane, or to stare at a screen.
– house, and though he could see the car was in the driveway, it took a long while of buzzing before Dean managed a “shit, sorry,” and buzzed him in.
He’d asked Dean to be separated from the children when they stopped. He wasn’t certain it was the right call, but he had to hope that his brother would remember something more of what they were to each other if they were alone.
To turn the Device on took sacrifice. At each seven locations around the world, simultaneously, an angel was dying to make the end come. Cas wasn’t well-versed enough in his family teachings to know if they all had to die in the same manner, but his mother died by having her throat slit over the small, glowing golden sphere. It looked beautiful even as it seemed to ingest the outpouring of blood and then burst out a flash of white light which covered the whole room.
“Still giving Jessica enough quality time?” Dean asked with a smirk, winking at his little brother, who looked away with what Dean swore was a blush.
“That’s good, right?” Cas asked, looking over at him with a grin.
Dean was smiling, warm and amused, and that was the way Cas wanted to remember him before they part ways. So he turned away at that moment and made for the door. He grabbed his bags and walked out, knowing that if he paused for even a moment, that taking another step would become too difficult. He kept putting one foot in front of the other and didn’t stop until he reached the train station. It was only then that he felt the sharp stab of heartache that came with leaving Dean.
The speaker clicked off and a deafening silence remained in its place. Dean felt as though the ground had been pulled out from under him. His entire world spun and he barely recognized what he was doing when he turned to look at Benny. His friend wore an expression of anguish, with a deep pity in his pale blue eyes. Dean had no concept of what he must look like. Everything around him seemed to vanish in a fog, distantly he heard people complaining about the Japanese, staking claims for revenge, but the words that stuck in Dean’s head, repeating over and over, were “Pearl Harbor Naval Base” and “casualties number in the thousands.”
“That’s a shame,” Cas frowned. “He made you sound like a truly interesting woman, someone I had quite wanted to meet.”
Nonetheless, no man in the armed forces, even in America, doubted the possibility that they would be thrown into the midst of the war. So it was that all service men took advantage of the leave time they were permitted and Chicago was a great place to be on leave. It was a hub of traffic, a key point on the rail lines people of all variety ended up there. Anyone who could spare the time would stop in cross country transit to visit Chicago before passing along on their way.
“Thanks, Cas.”
He grinned at his brother, “Because you’re a giant mule, built to carry heavy stuff?”
“I wouldn’t exactly call this lucky. I mean, you two live 800 miles apart and can’t speak openly about each other or even to each other in public. I think God is still giving you kind of a hard time here.”
“You poor man,” Cas smirked at him.
“Sam, stop...” Jess blushed.
Now it was Cas’s turn to smirk at Dean. Then his expression softened as he came up with his next idea. “Any talk of being homesick... Missing Lawrence or Chicago, or missing the mainland, anything with the exception of saying I miss Anna, means I miss you. I’m truly going to miss you.”
“Thanks.”
“The government doesn’t believe it’s our fight just yet, so far as I can tell. Maybe they fear an offensive attack will bring the Germans to our shores.”
“I suppose so.” Cas turned back to the ammo guy. “Now how do we fix this?”
Dean pulled his fingers out when he was satisfied Castiel would be alright, and eased his slick shaft into him. They both moaned now, deep and low, and once Dean was fully inside Castiel, he leaned down and they shared another kiss. Castiel’s legs wound around Dean’s hips, his hands cupped the sides of the man’s face, and they held onto each other like this is where they were always meant to be. The pace Dean set was easy, with no need to rush. Each time he pulled out, he pushed back in deep and hard but not quick. It shook something in Castiel, right down to his core; he felt it in his gut and grunted with pleasure each time. He wanted to feel every inch of Dean, take him in completely and hold him there. He hoisted his hips for the perfect angle, kept Dean in place with his legs wrapped around the man, and clenched his muscles around Dean’s dick to keep his lover moaning.
“Naturally! The girls are playing it right over there.” He leaned over the counter and called out to the girls near the record player. “Hey ladies, think you can start that record over again?”
“Yeah...” Dean nodded, and again his mind turned to Cas, out on the ocean somewhere.
“That’s some progressive talk, there, Cas.” Dean laughed. “But I know what you mean.”
Castiel smiled and looked down at the table. “No, not particularly.” He looked back up to Dean, catching his eyes. “I think I prefer our method of worship.”
. But there’s no promise that my next assignment will be the same ship or a new one. Sometimes they change us around... and that certainly isn’t a long-term home.”
Dean sighed quietly but smiled at the fact that Cas was happy. Knowing he influenced that was a pretty good feeling. He rested his head against the top of Castiel’s. “Good. We’d be in a bit of a mess if you were unhappy here.”
“Well, why can’t you just say it.”
“Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers?” When Cas nodded, Dean thought about it. “Yeah, I think so. Why?”
And so I answered it with as much detail as I could manage. I figured, for closure's sake, I'll go ahead and share that answer here. It's literally the least I can do for everyone who read this fic over the years. I'm sorry I never did finish it, I had the whole thing planned out, but the writers on SPN, among other things, made my love for the show and characters wane over time and this fic was a casualty of that.
Dean laughed and kept one hand under Castiel’s forearm as he led them out onto the floor. Most of the people in the rink had no trouble skating, but there were a few that wobbled. Pretending to not be able to skate was a little tricky, as Cas didn’t actually want to fall. He would occasionally wave one arm, as if trying to maintain balance and every time, Dean squeezed his arm to keep him upright.
Cas smiled at that, “Good. Everyone deserves to be happy like that.”
“If I must...” He nodded, frowning in deep concern. After a slow breath to gather himself, Cas looked down at Anna, making his eyes go wide and a broad, fake smile on his lips. “What did you get for me, Anna?”
“Hot damn, you don’t say!” Dean grinned broadly. He gave Novak a once over and an appreciative nod.
“She is.” Cas agreed. “It’s the 40s now, things are changing. You’ve grown up knowing that you can vote since you first learned the concept. She grew up being told women weren’t smart enough to be allowed to vote.”
After the ports are secured. Before everyone ships back to wherever they’re going. Dean spots Cas out celebrating with his flight buddies.
“I told you, they’re the best. Would you like to try one of mine?” Cas offered his own open box towards Dean.
“Nor a mother,” Mary added.
Probably.
They meet in the middle and Dean hugs Cas so tight that he picks him up off the ground and does a half spin.
“That’s just fine and dandy for them. I’d rather drive a car.” Dean was steadfast.
Sam only laughed in the face of Dean’s threat. “What’s he like? What does he do?”
“You’re going to have a mound of paper work to do for this, you know.” Cas said, shaking his head, but glad to know that Bal was okay.
“If I show you a photograph, would you let me be?”
His ruse worked, though, and no one gave them a second glance as Dean helped Castiel skate around the rink. About the only reason anyone looked their way was when Castiel skidded and almost fell. He never did, though, because Dean kept him up. When Dean had to dodge a group of people he almost skated into, Castiel ended up skating right into him, and that occasion was a true accident. It got them a hug as Dean caught him with an arm around his waist and they both laughed as they tried not to topple to the ground. A group of girls skated past, giggling behind their hands at their near-fall. Dean laughed and grinned flirtatiously at them, smoothing everything over.
“Thank you for your services, sir.” Cas said respectfully.
“I could introduce you,” Jo supplied, in a most helpful tone.
“It is. Open it, and try to look excited.”
Dean thought about making a remark about how he was probably still tougher than her, but her challenging look made him think better of it. He chuckled, “Yeah, you two would get along. It’s a shame they don’t live closer.”
There was a beat of silence before Anna answered, “I thought I would take the train up by myself. It would be nice, you know, just the two of us.”
“Lieutenant Novak, any mail?” He asked, standing at the counter.
She grinned broadly and leaned forward to reach out and offer her hand. “You would be right. Jo Harvelle.”
It was more than just Dean’s looks and his body that Cas missed. He missed the way Dean laughed at his jokes, the kind of jokes other men didn’t catch. He missed the way the man made him feel. Dean thought he was funny and attractive, he didn’t find Cas stoic or boring. Everything about the infantryman was refreshing, he was fun to be around and made Cas feel young again.
“Oh my word! Someone so important! I’m sure I could fit you in.” She sounded comically impressed.
So they walked in silence, returned home in silence, and made their way to Dean’s bedroom in silence.
“Dean.” Cas said, not sure what else to say at first. “It’s Cas.”
“The squad is shipping out on the 31st, so they’re leaving without me. I’m being sent back to training.”
“Ahh, yes. The people we love will always worry about our safety, just as we worry about theirs. But we have to be the ones fighting to make sure they stay safe. And your mother will be proud of you for fighting.”
“When did you get so smart?” Cas asked, shaking his head.
“I was the only one who could tame such a strange sister?” He offered.
“What, you mean like he thinks before he speaks and doesn’t make an ass of himself?” Sam smirked. “That must be different, to you.”
"I'm a Lieutenant. We don't have a Captain's rank as it would cause considerable confusion."
“Not at all.” Then Dean stole Cas’s lips in a solid kiss, one he had been saving since they went downstairs for dinner. This time the kiss went much further than their earlier ones.
“Of course I will, but that’s not the point.”
“You joke, but it’s a real possibility. Never know what I’ll do without my moral compass around.” Jo looked over at Jess and pouted.
“Yeah, the older generation isn’t so good at listening. Not that our generation is a hell of a lot better.” Dean frowned.
Errol Flynn’s character was a privateer working for England who got into trouble with both Spain and Queen Elizabeth I when he attacked a ship that held the Spanish ambassador. Though he fell in love with the ambassador’s niece and uncovered a plot that Spain was plotting against England. After being captured trying to prove it, he made a daring escape and, of course, saved the day and won the girl. Castiel thought the movie alright, but he truly enjoyed the way Dean reacted as he watched. Dean seemed to always be on the edge of his seat for the many dueling scenes and quietly cheered for the escape of Flynn’s character. Whenever something good happened, a huge smile would break out across Dean’s face and he would turn to Castiel, expecting to see the same reaction. Castiel smiled each time Dean looked at him, though not for the same reasons.
“Yes, yes, Sam, I will! Of course, I will!” She laughed and he slid the ring onto her finger. It was small and modest but beautiful all the same. He stood, pulled Jess to her feet, and into his arms. The family clapped, cheered and congratulated them. Both of them laughed and Jess wiped tears from her eyes before Mary insisted on seeing the ring.
“Hey, you’re about to move to an island, right?”
“Good. Now I suppose we should maybe head downstairs...”
“Don’t you have anything you need to be doing right now, like staring at Jess?”
“It certainly should,” Castiel laughed. Dean smiled all the more.
“A little taller than me, light brown hair, green eyes. Broad shoulders, muscular, and...”
“I’m a pilot, really...” Castiel corrected. “And he’s a pirate.”
“Me too,” Castiel admitted, looking over at Dean. He knew in his heart that this was more than a passing attraction. It was more than a hurried kiss in a photobooth or shacking up together just for the sex. This was a friendship born of writing letters and long conversations, shared laughter and teasing, slow kisses and the simple pleasure of holding one another. Though neither man would admit it out loud just yet; it was still too soon and words like “I love you” could be dangerous.
Dean crooked a grin at him, cheeky and charismatic. “Enjoying the view?” he whispered.
“You’re a menace, Dean Winchester.” He laughed softly and it turned into a gasp when Dean bit at his collar bone. “Last night wasn’t enough...?”
“Just like Sam and Jess.” Cas offered and Dean laughed.
“You too! Enjoy your record.”
Mary was quiet for a moment and Dean looked up. She looked into his eyes and smiled the kind of smile only a mother could manage. Dean didn’t know what it meant and he didn’t want to ask.
“This is why I enlisted,” He said.
Labor Day meant the infantrymen and all of their training officers were given the day off in observation of the federal holiday. No one was complaining, least of all Dean. He, Ash and Benny made a trip into town with their time off to do a little shopping around, eat food that didn’t come from the cafeteria and drink some beers. While they were in town, they wandered past a record shop and Dean slowed to a stop.
” Sonny Boy sang, then played more harmonica. “
“Nonsense.” Ash waved him off and began checking the playing field for a target. When he settled on one, he grinned and hooked an arm around Dean’s shoulders. Using the hand that still held his beer glass, Ash pointed out a young woman with short, dark hair, done up in neat waves. She was wearing a purple dress and bouncing to the music, a little smile on her face. While she clearly enjoyed the tune being played, she didn’t have a dance partner. “There. Her. You said you like dark hair, right?”
“I should hope so,” Castiel laughed. “How are you, Anna?”
The topic of conversation eventually turned to what everyone had done while they were apart, how everyone’s families were doing and a bit of dishing on love lives. Cas kept quiet on all accounts except his time at the training facility. Inias asked about what kind of planes he was training with and the others asked for stories about his students. No one expected that Cas had gotten up to any mischief, because he rarely did. Though when Gabe asked if he spent any time doing anything fun in Chicago, Cas smiled and mentioned that he caught a Glenn Miller performance.
“Ahh, that would do it,” Dean slid his hand over Castiel’s and gave it a squeeze. “So getting away from home made you happier?”
“Ohhh, you’re Cas, aren’t you? No, no, you’re not interrupting. Let me go get him. This is Sam! Sorry, I should have said that, I’m Sam. Dean’s brother.”
Mary gave a stern look to Cas for answering and he shrank back, picking up his fork and taking another bite of his food. “The supper tastes excellent, Mrs. Winchester.”
“In any case, I told Dean a few stories about my sister, Anna, and he said she reminded him of you. I certainly see a resemblance.”
“Shucks, Cas...” Dean looked down, bashful in moments like these, despite all his bravado in less intimate situations.
Castiel wrapped his free arm around Dean’s waist, shifting him up into the proper position. He angled his own shaft beneath Dean, slick with the lubricant. Dean pushed himself down onto Castiel’s cock, groaning again with pleasure. It had been quite a long time for Dean, so he took it slow, but it was a great feeling, all the same. Castiel’s head dropped to Dean’s shoulder, his arm tightened around the infantryman.
“Sometimes. The showers at the base are efficient, but it is definitely pleasant to take my time and relax.”
Dean took a deep breath. The end of their time together was drawing ever closer. “Yeah, guess so... Mom will want to say goodbye and all.”
Their food came after they drank and the conversation fell to the wayside; they made small comments about their meals as they ate. The food was alright, if not spectacular, but both men enjoyed their beverages more. During dinner, they ordered a couple rounds, but by the time they were done eating, Dean suggested they head back to the hotel to catch up. When Cas agreed, they paid and left.
The girl scoffed. “Excuse me, I am a lady!” She nudged a chair with her dainty shoe and then set both feet upon it, crossed at the ankles in a most unlady-like fashion.
did not involve casualties on either their ship or, presumably, the U-boat, that wasn’t to say the next skirmish would be so clean.
“Assuming they ship us out again. We’ve gone all year without orders.”
“Little brothers, man.”
“Cute?” She asked aloud again.
She opened the box and then squeezed his arm in a hug, “Yum! I want one now.”
“Yes, which is good. Because I would go mad without you or school to distract me! If only I could enlist...”
“Sure, just... stay close.”
“Good luck, son,” John said, surprising Dean further. He had always been the type to call people son, but not usually people he had known for such a short period of time. Cas must have made a good impression.
” He went on, switching between the harmonica and lyrics, singing about “making honey” for his unnamed lover, taking walks and holding her.
“It’s vague, but, do you remember a tune Ozzie Nelson did about dreams? Would have been maybe eight or ten years ago?”
Sure enough, once the men walked further onto the beach, Dean spotted a number of men and women walking around with shoes in hand and otherwise normal clothes on. Of course, the majority of the people were in bathing suits and proper swim attire. The beach was a popular place and Dean wasn’t surprised. It had beautiful sand, plenty of vendors selling hot dogs, pretzels, a variety of candy and ice cream cones, and music was being piped out from a phonograph somewhere nearby.
“You have orders to attack enemies, though?”
“You okay, kiddo?” Gabe called up. Inias stepped down onto the deck and nodded, eyes wide.
“Sam...” Dean said in warning.
“You should keep them,” Castiel said, handing the strip over, careful not to get fingerprints on them.
“That would be an understatement, yes.” Cas smiled.
“Not the point.” Dean said, but smiled all the same.
“Mr. Winchester?” He stepped forward and held out his hand to shake. “Castiel Novak.”
Blinking away his disbelief, Dean quickly returned to his bunk, tossing the other letters on his bed and tearing opening the one from Castiel.
He read the whole letter over again, then a third time, until he realized he felt a lot like a girl and almost blushed. It was a damn good thing that none of the other guys were nearby to see him grinning from ear to ear like a lovesick teenager. They would be liable to steal the letter, thinking it was from a dame. Dean wondered if maybe he had to be sure he read all his letters from Cas in private from now on.
The infantryman was young and well built with an air about him that put Castiel at ease instantly. Dean’s shoulder was propped against the doorframe, his arms crossed loosely over his chest. His expression was one that Castiel could only describe as fond as he rested his head on the frame, watching, occasionally letting his eyes skim down over Castiel’s body. Cas wasn’t shy, by any means, and every time he glanced in the mirror and saw Dean’s eyes had strayed from his reflection to his ass, it made Cas smile.
“Yeah, alright Lieutenant Novak,” Dean rolled his eyes, trying to get Cas to drop the subject. He made the pilot laugh, though, after he said his full title. “Anyway...”
“Aww, I’m happy for you, brother! You seem very happy about it all.”
“Yeah, well, accidents happen,” Sam wore a shit-eating grin and took up a lean against the doorframe, watching Dean.
Castiel couldn’t help but chuckle. “I’ll remind you I’m your elder.”
I can only apologize for how long it took to post this chapter. Thank you all so much for your patience and all your questions about if it would continue. I do intend to keep updating this fic and won't just drop it. I just had really awful writer's block with it for a while, but hopefully things are up and running again after this! I hope you enjoy the chapter and I hope it was worth the wait!
“It is, you know very well it is. Now you should promptly get excited.”
“I’m still angry, but I guess no more so than usual.” She took a seat on her bed and looked over at him. “How come you don’t get as angry?”
After only a few blocks, they reached Lake Shore Drive and they had only to find a pedestrian crossing for the wide and busy road before Dean found himself on a beautiful grassy strip of land right beside the Great Lake.
. Dean hurried back to his bunk to read it.
On the other line, Cas held his breath, then remembered he had to speak. “Merry Christmas, I hope I’m not interrupting your family time... My name is Castiel, I was calling for Dean.”
When Dean finished talking, Benny raised a brow at him and didn’t laugh.
“How are you, little sister?” He pulled back to look her over.
“Check on the turkey, see what the thermometer says.” She pointed to the stove, then carried on rolling out gingerbread cookie dough. Dean did as he was asked and reported the temperature back to her. “Okay, go ahead and take it out, then tell your father it will be ready to carve soon.”
“Hey, when I’m a lawyer, you won’t be able to win any arguments with me anymore!”
Sunday mornings were a time for relaxing. Cas waited until sunrise to wake up and get out of bed, but once he was up, his training wouldn’t let him dawdle too much. He dressed and left his dormitory to take a jog around the base. It was a collection of buildings, roads and landing strips, but the view out into the harbor wasn’t terrible. Winter in Hawaii was unbelievable, even in December, most days were as warm as a summer day back home. He jogged as the sun rose over the island, heading towards the hangars as his end goal.
“Good morning.” Castiel’s voice was rougher than usual first thing in the morning. He cleared his throat and brushed his nose along Dean’s cheek. “Do you have any interest in breakfast?”
“Can’t really blame me, can you?”
They were both sweating, Dean’s back was slick and his hair was moist. Cas could feel the sheets beneath them growing damp. The occasional puffs of Dean’s breath against his neck and shoulders made Castiel gasp or shiver. He didn’t want the pleasure to end, but they were both nearing their climax. Dean grunted and pressed his lips to Castiel’s cheek, murmuring about how close he was, how sexy Cas was, how good it all felt. The words made Cas feel heady again and he clenched his fist into the hair at the back of Dean’s neck, tightened his muscles around Dean’s shaft and met each thrust hard and fast until Dean was crying out and coming inside him.
“She could go all day if you let her. Getting people to listen is the hard part.”
“How long before your train leaves?” Dean asked, shoving his hands into his coat pockets.
“More like I’d have to keep them from stealing it for themselves.” Dean smirked and met Castiel’s eyes in the mirror.
“Think you’ll be goin’ home with her tonight?” He nudged Dean in the side.
“Not too far, you okay walking?”
Benny caught him laughing and looked over at Dean from his bunk. “Gonna share the joke, brother?”
“A pleasure to meet you all,” Dean said, pulling his gaze away from the dark haired man in the naval uniform.
Dean listened closely to what Cas was saying, and he thought he understood the message. “Yeah, yeah, I kinda like that. So, the way I sing off key, the way you steal my hat, the way we ... talk til three,” Dean smirked at Cas, who smiled back. “No one can take that away from us, huh?”
“I like it. Because in the film, everything Fred and Ginger did together...” He hesitated before continuing, “when they were falling in love, the way that he fell in love with her, when she sang off key or how she held her knife, or the way they danced til three... No one could take that away from them. No matter what happened.”
“Okay, first drink’s on me,” Ash proclaimed, gesturing for Dean to order whatever he wanted from the bartender.
Blue eyes go wide and he practically drops his beer. Gabe and Bal look at him like he’s mad as he stands up, knocking over the stool he was sitting on. He runs for Dean, smiling and calling his name.
“Good thing lunch is in the plans.” Cas hooked an arm around hers and led her away from the train station and towards their restaurant, a few blocks away. “I have a gift for you.”
“You think I have other plans or somethin’, Sammy?”
“We will certainly do our best, sir.”
“It’s fine, Mom.” Dean said around a mouthful of food. He swallowed it down then looked back to John. “It’s good, learning a lot. They’re training us on all different guns, pistols, rifles, couple submachine guns. We got Tommy guns.” Sam and Dean exchanged a grin at that.
Before Castiel could protest this statement, Dean was kissing him again and Cas didn’t care to tell him otherwise. He slid his hand into Dean’s hair, returned the kiss and rode his deep thrusts. Cas couldn’t remember the last time sex felt this good; that’s when he realized this wasn’t just sex, this was making love. With the slow pace, they both lasted a long while, but there were moments when Dean would just hold himself deep inside Castiel, hands clinging to his shoulders, grunting and then taking a breath, as if trying to keep himself from release.
So they have to be cautious.
“Because it’s you and me.” He shrugged.
“I’ll come help you with that, Mrs. Winchester.” Jess offered, following her into the kitchen as Mary chided, saying she should be calling her mom soon. Sam watched Jess go like a lovesick puppy.
“How are Sam and Jess doing?”
“I am, sir. A fighter pilot with the US Navy.” Cas noticed John glance at the ranking insignia on his uniform. “Dean mentioned that you are a marine?”
“Where’s this coming from?” He nudged his nose against Cas’s.
“You're incorrigible. How old are you, exactly?”
Cas took his seat on the groom’s side of the venue and watched as Sam stood nervously waiting for the ceremony to begin. Dean stood beside him and Cas could see his mouth moving occasionally; he wondered what words Dean might be saying to calm his brother down. Finally the music changed and a young girl in a pretty white dress made her way down the aisle, dropping silk rose petals of pink, white and red along the carpet as she did so. She laid a few out up at the altar, then took her seat on the bride’s side. Next came a woman in a nice dress that Cas had not met, but was informed was one of Jessica’s cousins and her Maid of Honor. Once she took her place, everyone turned to look at the back of the room when Jessica walked out, arm in arm with her father.
Dean’s laugh came out breathily, “Then you’re an angel.”
“I was trying to think of the last time I felt this way. Maybe after I joined...”
Dean blinked and then laughed, it was fun to see Cas so excited, “Alright, who?”
He walked over to Sam’s side and punched him in the shoulder, “Come on, Sammy, wash your hands before dinner. You too, Jess.”
“I didn’t know your birthday was close,” the clerk said.
“Y’all done yet?” Ash asked and jumped down from his bunk. “It’s Friday night. It’s your birthday.” He pointed at Dean. “Let’s go celebrate!”
“So tell me how things are going for you?” Anna set her napkin in her lap while they waited for their meals.
“Oh, I’m not really sure just yet, but I like the idea of defending people who can’t defend themselves. If someone has something bad happen to them, I want to help them make it right again.”
The younger man had an efficiency about him, military style, of course, and quickly removed his suit, folded it and set it on the bed with the rest of their clothes. He looked over at Castiel and smiled a warm and rather dashing smile.
Dean laughed and they were quiet for a moment. When Sam got over his momentary embarrassment, he looked back at Dean, studying his face.
Gabe groaned. “Don’t remind me...”
The vows the couple exchanged were simple and standard, though the way they were exchanged was anything but that. At least, as far as Cas was concerned. He was used to hearing brides and grooms speak their vows in much the same way that someone might swear an oath of honesty in court. When both Sam and Jessica spoke their vows to one another, there was such truth and meaning behind each of the words. They met each other's eyes and held each other’s gaze. At one point, Sam had to clear his throat past the emotion in order to speak, and Jess’s eyes remained damp throughout most of the ceremony.
“Your father?”
“Don’t go tonight,” Dean said, winding his arms about Cas. His hands started on Cas's hips, moved to his lower back and pulled their bodies flush
“Right, of course, I should have known.” Cas rolled his eyes. “Feeling any better?”
Gabe pulled away and began testing the plane’s limits as well, diving and swooping in his seemingly reckless way. Being a copilot to Gabriel would likely be terrifying, but Cas knew that Gabe was an incredibly skilled pilot. If another life, he could probably make good money doing stunt work of some sort, with the tricks he could do. Bal and Inias were more reserved in the air, with Cas’s behavior somewhere in the middle. All in all, there were a dozen or so pilots in the air, all seeing what their aircraft could and couldn’t do. The real tests wouldn’t happen until they were in proper combat, but this was the best they could do for now.
Anyone idling about on deck scattered and techs took their places. The plane came in and landed without incident. Cas, Gabe, Inias and the other pilots intending to create the search party all ran to the landed plane as soon as they recognized Bal in the pilot’s seat. Glad to see him alive and well, and his plane in one piece, Cas called up to him. “Where were you?”
“One moment, Lieutenant,” The clerk walked away to check and then came back with two letters to hand over. “Waiting on somethin’ from a gal back home?”
“Of course we are.” Cas smiled at Dean. “We have Fate on our side.”
“It occurred to me that you might have one, but I didn’t have any expectations.”
“Dad’s not gonna be happy if you ruin his lawn.”
It had been over two weeks since Dean last received a letter from Cas and he was beginning to feel bad about the fact that he hadn’t written to Cas since the last ones arrived. He spent too many sleepless nights worrying that things might be falling apart or that this relationship was too hard to maintain. Then some memory of the time spent with the pilot would come back to Dean and he’d find himself in love all over again. It would be something small, like the way Cas delivered a joke or the way his face got serious when he talked about why he joined the Navy. Sometimes he would just think about the way Cas looked in Dean’s new hat, that night in Chicago.
They bought their tickets for the film, headed to the small concession stand and got a bag of popcorn and two bottles of Coca-Cola. Castiel rarely had soda pop, but Dean insisted that it was part of the film-going experience and he had to have some. The movie house really was blessedly cool and Castiel had to admit, if only to himself, that he was glad Dean suggested this.
“Do you like it?” Mary asked, sounding genuinely curious.
“I’m sorry, my friend,” Castiel whispered to the darkness of his room. “I will make it up to you, in the summertime.”
Anna caught the glance and gasped. “Have you met someone?”
“I can imagine. I guess you won’t have any action like that while you’re training.”
“N-No!” Cas shook his head, looking embarrassed. “I didn’t know what you meant. It didn’t make sense to me that you were an ass just for not replying to letters right away. I thought maybe you stepped on her toes or hurt her feelings something...” Cas looked away.
“I’m not asking about the food.”
“I won’t soon forget that,” Castiel explained, nodding to Dean’s set. “Keep it well hidden...”
“Oh, indeed not,” Dean laughed. “So I guess this is you loosened up, letting your hair down?”
“I do get angry. I’ve just had more years of practice keeping the anger in. Between here and being in the military... I’ve learned control in certain situations. But it doesn’t mean I’m not angry.”
A waiter came by soon after to hand them menus and take orders for drinks, a scotch for Dean, a gin and tonic for Castiel.  They sat listening to the singer for a moment, but Castiel soon turned his attention to Dean.
As soon as he could move his arms, Dean wound them around Castiel’s body and rolled them both over. He laid on his back and cradled Cas against his chest, pulling his limp cock slowly out of Cas as he did so. They rested, near silent, apart from their panting, for a few long minutes. Finally, Dean brought a hand to Castiel’s hair and combed his fingers through it. Cas could tell Dean was still trembling a little and couldn’t help smiling.
All day on Christmas Eve, though, everyone was busy and bustling. Even after Jess joined the family to help out in preparation, the boys were never off the hook. There were always dishes to wash or pots to stir, tables to set and silver to shine. The house was decorated, they left the radio on all day as long as carols were playing and everything was surrounded by Christmas spirit. It was a warm and welcoming place thanks to Mary; Dean loved everything about the holiday. He loved being home with his family and helping around the house, even if it was a chore sometimes.
Without answering, Castiel grabbed Dean’s sleeve and pulled him down the sidewalk, away from the movie house. “If you have to ask, you’ll never know.”
He caught the southbound train for home, looking forward to seeing Anna again, but lamenting the change of scenery. In the last letter he received from Dean, the infantryman said he would also be given leave to go home for the holidays. While Dean was happy to see his family again, Cas couldn’t share that joy at seeing his own. He toyed with the idea of visiting Kansas with his time off, but didn’t want to impose on Dean or the Winchesters. It was Christmastime and while Dean and Anna were the only people Cas had any interest in spending his holidays with, it wasn’t fair to ask Dean to split his attention that way. Besides which, he would never hear the end of it from Anna for abandoning her.
Dean laughed and shook his head. “You know what I mean. ...Although, now that you mention it, Benny isn’t too bad to look at.”
“So, shall we dance?” She held her hand out to him and smiled warmly. In another situation, he might have been happy to dance with her, she seemed like the kind of straight-forward girl he would have liked being friends with. Dean led her out onto the dance floor just as one song was ending and the other was beginning. He briefly thought of Cas, and how he’d prefer to be on the dance floor with him, but knew the other man would understand the situation. Cas had probably found himself in similar positions before, in his high society life. Surely he had been dragged to fancy parties with dancing. Dean would have to ask him about it later.
From downstairs, they heard the front door open. Anna and Cas looked to his bedroom door, then back to each other.
Cas looked relieved and smiled. He chuckled a little. “That does not make you an ass. Any time I’m on a ship, correspondences are going to be difficult. Getting letters from you certainly brightens my day and I do miss them when they’re gone, but I don’t fault you for taking your time to reply. I’ve learned a lot about patience when living life aboard a ship. Nothing is ever delivered quickly.”
Dean sighed as their lips parted and Cas laid down beside him. Both men turned onto their sides to face one another and they let their hands explore, touching cheek and forehead, shoulder, neck and chest. They trailed up sides and back down over arms. Smiles remained on their lips all the while. The moment was truly perfect, and Dean hoped it could last them for the months they would spend apart.
“You’ll be careful, right?” Dean said, before he could stop himself.
“What isn’t fair, Dean?” Castiel’s rough voice had a way of making anything he said sound sexy that, along with everything else, was not making anything easier on Dean.
Cas took a deep breath as his plane was attached to the catapult. With one hand on the control stick and one on the crank, he watched for the signal. All at once the plane pushed off at a high speed, he accelerated the engine, kept his eyes ahead and once his wheels left the deck, he pulled up and began cranking the landing gear up into the fuselage. With a clenched jaw, he did his best to keep the plane from wobbling too much and nearly thirty rotations of the crank later, the gear was set.
“Yeah.” Cas nodded, then glanced around. Lowering his voice he said, “Speaking of submarines, I don’t know when it will be public knowledge, but in April, one of our destroyers fired at a German u-boat.”
“You couldn’t tame me any more than you could tame a lion!”
Reading the last line, Cas had to laugh again, this time at the irony. Though the weather had been warm, in the last few days the ship had been hit by some rather awful storms. They hadn’t been able to fly at all and he was starting to go a bit stir-crazy; the bobbing and rocking of the ship didn’t help matters. It was a small miracle that the fuel ship had been able to reach them when it had. It seemed now that the storms were possibly clearing up, and Cas was certainly planning on enjoying the good weather. He felt bad for Dean being out in the cold, though, and could certainly think of a few ways to warm the man’s body up again.
“And you’re making a special trip to meet him?” Sam smile turned into a teasing grin now.
“You sure you don’t want to learn to fly and join the Navy?” Cas offered.
“It?” Cas brushed his nose along Dean’s neck.
“I suppose I have been happier,” Cas couldn’t stop the fond smile as visions of Dean came to mind. He then glanced around to see who was within earshot. Emmanuel’s was a small, cozy restaurant and though the tables immediately beside them were empty, other customers and the wait staff weren’t far away.
“He’s more than alright if you’re going up to meet him.”
“That it is,” he nodded. “Next comes the paperwork.”
Flying his plane farther away from the group, Cas tried firing the guns. Wasting ammunition wasn’t condoned, but testing the guns in flight was necessary. The new planes had four guns, two mounted on the wings and two mounted inside. They all fired well and, from what he could see through the gunsights, seemed to fly true. Cas pulled the plane around and tried firing again, only to have the guns jam.
“Sam, yes, he’s told me about you.” Cas chuckled softly, not sure what to say or even what he was doing.
Dean soon found that, as compared to some of the others in training, he was quick to pick things up. He attributed it to just being good with mechanical things. All the weaponry came easy to him and following orders was a simple matter of just doing what the sergeant told you to do. It didn’t take brains to get from point A to point B or to pull a trigger. The one thing he was proud of was his marksmanship. His dad had put a gun in his hands the moment he was old enough to hold one, though his mother hadn’t been too enthusiastic about it. Shooting was something Dean was good at and willing to boast about.
“Thank you, I’ll look through them.”
In the darkness of the theater, the pair of them touched more often. Their knees pressed together, as if they had been crowded into their seats. They often leaned into one another to whisper comments about the movie. Even when they had finished whispering, their shoulders continued to brush together. Castiel loved every moment of it, especially the way it made him feel like a teenager trying to get away with something illicit. By the end of the film, it wasn’t just the air conditioning that made Castiel glad that Dean had chosen this activity.
“Good.” Jo nodded, then looked around, as their conversation felt like it had met an end on that note. “So, you doing some last minute shopping?”
“No, you’re right, I missed her.” Castiel closed his eyes and let his head rest on Dean’s shoulder. “My father and I never got along very well.”
Castiel took the opportunity of Dean’s momentary distraction to bend his legs, plant his feet against the mattress and thrust into Dean. The other man let out a hard grunt and his arms gave out. He pressed one forearm across Castiel’s chest, the other arm ended up beneath a pillow. After managing to catch his breath, he looked into Castiel’s eyes and found teasing amusement dancing in them.
“Alright, fine, whatever. I’ll pass along whatever messages you want,” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Yeah?”
“All good, I hope.” Cas smiled.
“Not really,” Dean shrugged. “It’s not really my thing. You didn’t seem particularly torn up about missing it this morning.”
“Yeah, so, you want to go out? Get some din--” Dean started to suggest, only to have Castiel grab him by the front of his shirt and yank him forward. The pilot laid a kiss on Dean’s lips, raising his other hand to hold the side of Dean’s face. Once Dean was over the shock of the sudden motion, he smiled and quickly returned it, his hands settling on the small of Castiel’s back, pulling them flush together.
“It’s good to see you,” Cas spoke against Dean’s ear. They held each other for as long as would go unnoticed. Men hugged often, especially in greeting after a long while apart. The fact that Cas was dressed in uniform surely helped, giving proof that he had most likely traveled from far away to be here.
“Yes,” Castiel managed a small nod. Calming the giddy feeling rising inside him at the spontaneous action.
(Fun fact, Dean’s unit and Cas’s ship and Operation Torch are all real life things in WWII.)
“Oh, yes... I suppose I should have a reply ready. Are there any good newer tunes?”
“You too, corporal.” He nodded, then moved on, making his way to the telephones. There, he asked the operator to connect him to his home and waited for someone to answer, hoping it would be Anna.
Castiel laughed again, backing up away from the bed and Dean. “See ya’ ‘round, kid.”
“Yeah, and I shouldn’t be surprised, I guess. You’ve got the whole polite guest thing going that impresses Mom and the good soldier thing going for Dad.”
So many thoughts went through Cas’s head then. Some were simple, as he studied how beautiful Dean looked, how green his eyes were, the way he had a light smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose, those high cheekbones... Then he thought about the way Dean made him smile, the way he was good with his hands and how passionately he did everything. Other thoughts were deeper, about his revelation of loving this man, this young man, who lay before him. He wondered what Dean was thinking, but wasn’t sure he dared to ask.
“Men are dogs -- no offense.”
“Ohh, not bad! Did you get to spend any time on land there?”
The infantryman held a finger to his grinning lips and pulled Castiel into a sidewalk Photomaton. The booth was barely large enough for the pair of them when Dean closed the curtain behind Castiel. In here, they were hidden away. A photo booth had a reputation of being a place where people lost their inhibitions; it allowed anyone inside to get photographs without the embarrassment of someone personally developing them.
“Just, uh, got this friend and I think you and his sister might share some ideas.”
“Yeah, you know Jo?” Dean chimed in. The others around the table nodded, all familiar with his friend. “I think his sister and Jo would probably get along.”
“Not a lot of people think of the armed forces as a place of freedom.”
The only other thing that’s worth mentioning is that Anna ends up joining the WASPs (women pilots) and that she and Charlie find each other at some point and hook up. I didn’t get too many notes on that, it was just a background idea.
Anyway, they end up talking all together in a group and probably Dean’s friends meet up with them and they all drink or something. Then by night, Dean and Cas steal away to a hotel room to consummate the fact that they’re both still alive. And probably completely in love.
That was a good question, for which Dean didn’t have a ready answer. “Maybe my mom? One day?” He chuckled. “After Jess and Sammy give her some grandkids.”
“Have a good day, ladies.” He drawled out with all his southern charm. Dean could hear all the girls giggling as they walked out. It didn’t matter, Dean got what he came for; he heard the song Cas sent him back and smiled to himself as they ambled down the street.
“Have you got anything informal to wear?” Novak asked as they stood on the street outside, impassive to the cold.
USS Ranger
“It’s... uh... yeah, I guess it is. Been awhile since I’ve felt this way, I guess.” Dean shrugged as if it was nothing, but Castiel smiled knowingly. He knew very well, because it was the same for him.
He kissed slowly and gently the entire length from shoulder to ear, then brushed his lips softly across the shell of Castiel’s ear. His tongue darted out to lick at it. Castiel sighed out a near whimper and heard Dean’s chuckle in response. He followed it with a whisper, “Good morning, Cas...”
“They opened about 15 years ago and I’ve never found a finer chocolate.”
“I’ll try.” He kissed Cas’s forehead.
“Anna...” Cas rolled his eyes. She promptly grabbed one of her pillows and smacked him with it. He caught it and pulled it away from her, setting the pillow in his lap for safe keeping.
“I fell in love with you the moment I met you. And I know, you’re going to say we were in the fifth grade then and how could I know, but I did. Even though I couldn’t get up the courage to talk to you for three years and waited another year before asking you out, I loved you that whole time. All these years we’ve spent together has only shown me how lucky I am to have a girlfriend like you.”
The song ended and Castiel opened his eyes. He caught Dean staring at him and glanced away, but seemed determined not to look embarrassed. Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. “You really like blues, don’t you?”
“Lieutenant!” The Commander shouted at Cas and several other pilots surrounding him. “Take them and get those planes into the air! Shoot those Japs down before they can do any more damage. And don’t forget, they’re probably all suicide bombers! Move! Move! Move!”
“I’ve known a lot of tough women, I don’t doubt she has a lot of material for good arguments. Jo says she should keep fighting.”
was struck by a torpedo near Iceland. Eleven sailors died, marking them as the first American casualties of the war. Eleven men, on a ship far from home in the North Atlantic. The
“All military men gossip. It’s just usually about base food and commanding officers instead of boys and clothes.” Mary grinned at him and stood up. “Come give me a kiss and go on up.”
“I’m afraid I don’t,” Cas laughed and shook his head, yawning again. “But if it means I’m tired, then yes, I am ... tuckered out.”
“You’ll spoil your appetite,” he warned.
While the United States still hadn’t technically entered the war, Cas truly believed it was only a matter of time at this point. America had occupied Greenland and his next tour in the North Atlantic proved that they were getting closer and closer to the war without actually getting into it. London had taken very serious bombing recently, Great Britain and the Allies were surely getting desperate for help. Balthazar was always a calm man, but Cas could tell he worried for his family and old friends overseas every time news reports came in of the bombings.
Cas almost never went into the study, not because it was off limits by any means, but because simply he had no reason to be in there. He had no reason now, either, but his eyes fell on the telephone that sat on his father’s desk. They had two telephones in the house, one in the hall upstairs and one in the study. An idea came to mind and giddy excitement fluttered in his chest. Feeling like a child up to no good, Cas slipped into the room and closed the door behind himself. He walked over to the desk and sat down, staring at the telephone.
As Castiel climbed out of the bed, he heard Dean groan lazily, still lying in bed, “You’ve got quite the stamina.”
“Does Sam need to know it?”
“Think nothing of it.”
“You have a certain ... exuberance about you when you watch movies, it would seem.” Castiel didn’t look at Dean but he could tell Dean was studying him.
“That is a relief,” Castiel smiled and straightened, leaning back to look at Dean properly.
“I’ll say, two days ago!” Gabe laughed and crawled into the bunk beneath Cas’s. “At least the mail made it. You get anything good?”
“Well, let’s see if we can manage more than that...” Dean pulled back a little to look at Cas. “Now I think I need to check on this Errol Flynn tan of yours.”
Sam followed Dean upstairs, carrying the bag up to his old room. “So, is it awful there? I mean, how is it? You haven’t killed anyone yet, have you?”
The kiss broke into a series of shorter kisses that Dean placed all over Castiel’s face, memorizing it with his lips. Castiel tried to return as many as he could, but he became breathless again, wanting everything and more all at once. Dean kept the pace slow, taking his time worshiping Castiel and keeping him on the edge of desire. Castiel wasn’t much for pillow talk -- was rarely in a situation where there was time for such things -- but the way Dean murmured little words against his skin made him ache for it.
“How’s that going?”
The letters from Castiel were becoming the highlight of Dean’s life in training. It didn’t matter how long or short the letters were, as long as he saw that now familiar block script and that they were signed with Cas’s name. It seemed that talk of summer was giving them both a light at the end of the tunnel, though it was more like a checkpoint in the tunnel that had no end in sight. Maybe these letters were just as much a highlight to Castiel as they were to Dean.
“Thank you for that reminder, Anna...”
Cas was truly enjoying himself around Jo and Dean. They seemed so much like siblings, but in a manner different from Sam and Dean. Above all, the pair were very easy to be around, and that comforting camaraderie was contagious. It reminded Cas of the atmosphere he shared with his squadron.
Dean grabbed a pen and paper to write back to Sam first, the others next. He’d save Castiel’s letter for last, smiling at the nickname, Cas.
“No.”
“Somewhere tropical -- he can’t say.”
The speed and weight of the cable was extremely dangerous and those who saw it or heard the warning calls jumped over the loose cable or dodged out of its way. Those who were less lucky got hit and were knocked down. Medics were called for and anyone who wasn’t busy ran to their sides to check what damage the cable had done. Meanwhile, Inias’s plane was still coming in hot. The brakes on the landing gear’s small tires squealed as he tried to stop the plane with them alone.
“When aren’t you in trouble?” He laughed and gave her a once over. “You’ve grown up.”
“I used to go sailing,” Benny wore a wistful smile and looked off at nothing in particular. “Course, we had lots of space on our little boats. Only held my parents and I, plus whoever else we took along. Before I left to come here, I took Andrea out onto the water. Boys, ain’t much better than makin’ love to your girl beneath the stars on your own private ship.”
Dark planes with circles painted on the sides meant they were unmistakably Japanese. Bombers, Cas recognized immediately. Everything moved in slow motion and too fast at the same time. They were attacking the naval base. It was the first attack on American soil, the thing no one expected but everyone was waiting for. Pilots and sailors were staring at the sky in disbelief as the first shots were fired on the base. Ford Island was just across a small strip of water, barely a quarter mile from Hickam Field. As the bombs were dropped on the battleships, Castiel swore he could feel the shockwave of the explosions.
“Am I?” He stared back in faux confusion, tipping his head. “Is that written in the Rules of Birthdays?”
Cas just smiled and shook his head, “Nonetheless, your hospitality is unsurpassable.”
“Of course.” Cas chuckled and nodded. “Like having the older brother I never wanted.”
Dean was an incredibly handsome man, especially when he smiled, bright and bold and care-free, but in sleep, his features looked delicate and fine. He was almost pretty, Castiel thought, and smiled to think such a thing of a soldier. Though he wanted to let the man sleep, Castiel couldn’t help himself as he tipped his head and brushed his lips along Dean’s. The soldier’s reaction was slow and lazy, first his arms curled tighter around Cas, drawing the pilot in, then he smiled and stretched, as if realizing just where he was.
“Morning...” Castiel whispered back. He drew his fingers along Dean’s hand and up his arm, then turned around within Dean’s grasp. Face to face, Castiel nuzzled his cheek to Dean’s and brushed their lips together without kissing. The soldier gave him an open mouth smile and nibbled lightly at Castiel’s bottom lip.
“Castiel Novak,” The man said, giving a curt nod to Dean. Something danced in the back of his eyes, behind that polite, formal expression. Dean couldn’t put a finger on it. It was out of place, though, in this casual atmosphere.
“If you’re game for it, I know a good blues club we could go to. It’s a short cab ride from the hotel and some really talented fellows perform there.”
“You’re welcome, and you can have pie once you’ve eaten.” Mary kissed the top of Dean’s head, then went about cleaning the kitchen.
“It’s been real nice to meet you, Cas,” John said, surprising Dean a little. He stood to shake Cas’s hand.
Despite himself, Cas felt butterflies turning cartwheels in his stomach in response to that combination of wink and smile.
“Home again, home again,” Gabe said, plopping down in one of the chairs beside Bal.
“Hey, Sammy.”
“I’m happy to be home, yeah.” Dean shrugged, confused.
They stayed like that, comfortable in each other’s arms until they found the energy to undress just before falling asleep.
“Yes,” Sam smirked, pulling up a few blades of grass to throw at Dean.
When they were younger, the kids got toys or storybooks, but since they’d grown up, it was more often something practical. Anna got a new dress or lace gloves, which she was convinced were a method their mother used to force her to be more “ladylike.” Castiel was still given books, but long lost were the days of Dick and Jane or even Treasure Island, now he often got literature on military strategy or texts on the ever-changing world of aviation. Anna sometimes got more use out of the books than Cas did.
Balthazar was a lucky devil, if Cas ever met one.
“Is there someone in particular you like? That makes other girls seem less interesting?”
“Wow, this is massive.” Dean whistled as he gazed around at all there was to see.
Inspections would be made and they would have to find the problem and plan a solution, preferably before they saw any action. It shouldn’t be too much of an issue on neutrality patrol, but this was the exact reason for flight tests. Once Cas was out of his plane and on the deck, he watched as Gabe’s plane taxied over to his. They stopped on one of the deck’s large elevators, which lowered them and their planes down into the hangar, one level below. Once the planes were off the elevator, they began looking into the problem. A few ammunitions experts, along with pilots and engineers were called in to help. They inspected Cas and Gabe’s planes, along with any others that came in reporting jammed guns.
“Cas thinks we’re going to war...” Dean spoke quietly, but knew that Ash and Benny would hear him if they were listening.
“Ohh!” Dean gasped, grabbing Cas by the arm and pulling him over.
“Thank you, Dean. How very considerate.”
“You aren’t nothing without a man.”
Castiel hadn’t been able to visit with Anna in several months and was excited to see her again now. He stood at the platform where he train was going to arrive with his hands in his pockets, staring down the tracks. When it finally pulled up, he could see Anna at the window, her bright hair made her easy to spot. She flashed him a grin before she vanished, only to appear moments later at the steps, coming down off the train, wearing her favorite pale blue dress, white gloves and a pretty hat. Despite the cool, early autumn air, she wasn’t wearing a jacket and Cas bit his tongue to keep from chastising her about it. He could tell her off all he wanted, she would still do exactly as she pleased.
When he didn’t have a particular task to do, Cas felt a little bit like an outsider intruding on a personal moment. Although, every once in awhile, Dean would pass him by and -- if no one was watching -- squeeze his hand or give him a peck on the cheek. And perhaps Cas was imagining it, but he could swear that sometimes he caught a look of relief in Dean’s eyes whenever he looked Cas’s way. It was as if Cas was his port in the storm. It was in those moments that he felt almost like he belonged, like he could maybe, one day, be part of this family as well.
“Yeah, I think you wondered if I meant I was an ass because of something to do with Tessa, right? That girl I danced with on my birthday?” Dean smirked. “Were you a little jealous?”
“That’s good. Your brother and the rest of your family was doing well?”
“I’ll come try mine.” Gabe said in response and flew his plane away from the group while Cas tried again, to no avail.
“Do you ever miss baths?” Dean asked and Castiel opened his eyes again to watch the soldier.
“Ohhhh.” It dawned on Dean suddenly then. That time felt like eons ago. “Yeah, I remember now... Uhm, I felt like an ass because I was taking too long to respond to your letters. I was being really dumb and...” He thought Cas’s feelings were waning at that time, not because of anything Cas had done, so much as his own insecurity. “I think I just imagined you being there like, ‘come on, Dean, where the hell are you?’ and I felt like a jerk.”
If you're reading this at all, I love and adore you. Thank you for sticking with me. With any luck, I'll get back into writing and have another chapter for you within a few months.
“Oh, well, in that case, it’s all true. Except the parts where Dean makes himself sound good. Those are probably lies.”
“Eh, it’s all the same after a while. Sometimes we get new guns to train on or learn new tactics. The guns are cool, but I enjoy the tactics stuff. It’s interesting.”
Then Dean's lips were on his, kissing him hard, walking him back into the room, away from the door through which he was supposed to leave. He wasn't going to leave tonight. Tomorrow morning would be just as difficult, but he didn't have to face it just yet. So he kissed Dean right back, let himself be led back towards the bed. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, messing up the perfectly styled and gelled look of his. Cas let Dean pull his tie free, push his suit jacket back off his shoulders. His hands worked Dean’s clothes off as well, both men kicking their shoes off, until they tumbled into the bed.
“My sister the feminist.” Cas said, in a voice that showed he was proud of her. She straightened in her seat, looking quite proud of herself.
“Damn right,” Jo beamed.
“I’m not,” Dean said and snagged Cas around the waist, pulling him in for yet another kiss.
Cas straightened and started walking again. “Hawaii, yes... But I think there were historically more pirates in the Bahamas, which is where I recently left.”
Bal’s plane full of stockings was a veritable gold mine. He was about to become a very, very popular man on the ship. And likely, a very rich one. Whatever he spent to buy those stockings would certainly be worth it, as would the paper work.
A young lady in an apron behind the counter pulled out the tray for Dean. “Would you care to sample them first? The green ones are made with white chocolate, the brown are milk chocolate.”
“We’ll call it a date, then.” Dean flashed a smile at Cas.
Cas laughed and the look on his face was exactly what Dean wanted to see. He was happy, relaxed and amused, this was the Cas that Dean wanted to remember before they parted ways. “How could I forget Ginger? Oh! No, Dean, I’ve got the perfect answer...”
“I missed you, too, Cas.”
Jess laughed at that, knowing Jo the best of all of them. “I think you’re right, Dean. Your sister, Anna was it? She must be quite an interesting young woman.”
“Gee, thanks.” Dean rolled his eyes and folded up the letter, tucking it back into the envelope. “But that’s kinda the joke. ‘Oh, don’t worry, if my plane explodes over the ocean, I’ll be fine, I’m a good swimmer.’ See?”
“Yeah. Just don’t know when that will be.”
“Can’t stop a girl worrying,” She said, shaking her head.
“I think your cock is doing the talking,” Castiel said, but kept on smiling. Blue eyes focused on his hands as he squeezed lube out into his palm.
“Jess is his fiancee, right?” Castiel grabbed a washcloth and began cleaning himself properly, rather than just soaking, nice though that was.
“You some kind of Ace, Novak?”
“Yeah, thanks.” Dean rolled his eyes but he went back to writing his letter to Cas, having gotten an idea about how to finish the letter after all.
“I don’t...” Castiel closed his mouth and thought for a moment. “Men like Dean don’t typically fall for men like me.”
“Hey Vic, you remember an old Ozzie Nelson song about dreams?” The second man called to one of the guys by the pool table. The guy turned to them and looked up to the ceiling in thought. After a moment he snapped his fingers and pointed at them.
“Thinkin’ he might,” Benny agreed.
Dean pressed the buttons to set up the booth, then looked at Castiel, “You ready?”
The other man, who Cas didn’t know, tipped his head in thought, “Something about dreams, you say?”
“Why are you so pleased by that thought?”
“Come in! Come in! You must be Castiel,” she said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah... I don’t know... how much...” He floundered, either having difficulty talking about this, or simply distracted by Cas’s lips.
“Yeah, okay, we have to talk about something else or else I’m never going to be able to leave this room...”
“Alright,” Dean followed in step with Castiel, walking beside him and no more than half a step behind. “This a good place?”
Cas glanced between Mary and John, unsure of how to proceed. He shifted in his seat and cleared his throat. “My only orders are to aid Allied ships in need if they are in neutral or Allied waters. If defending becomes necessary, then we would do that. But no outright attacks.”
“Hmm,” the pilot glanced around the room for ideas. His eyes landed on the bed. “If I say anything about missing a good bed...” He turned those blue eyes up to meet Dean’s, “It means I miss the activities we do in the bed.”
“Ship, whatever. Guys, I think this thing is closer than we thought.”
“It’s a shame I can’t take any back for Jess. Not that they are likely to survive the train ride back to Kansas. She would probably love them.”
“Then why the doubt?”
“You don’t want to dance?” Cas turned to face him.
Cas blinked, a bit taken aback by this sudden seriousness from Dean. He could hear honest concern in that request and began wondering just how often Dean worried about his safety. He reached out and set a hand on Dean’s shoulder, stopping him on their walk for a moment. “I will, Dean. I’m always careful. And besides, I see very little action.”
One of Dean’s legs was nestled between Castiel’s, their hips were flush together, and Dean’s arm pressed against the length of Cas’s chest. It felt secure. With a little stretch, Castiel pushed back into Dean’s chest, tipped his head so that Dean’s lips were a little closer to his neck, smiled and settled again. Dean answered with a low hum, nuzzled his nose into Cas’ hair and tightened his hold. Neither man said a word.
The excitement of the day didn’t end there. Along with the arrival of Bal’s silk stockings and his lucrative new side business, the fuel ship arrived with a shipment of mail. Cas had been excited to get his letters, always happy to hear from Dean. Sadly, when he searched through the small handful of letters addressed to him, none were from Dean, only Anna, his mother, and two from old friends from university. Either way, he was glad to have at least have the opportunity to send Dean his letters from the past month.
Cas laughed again, “I can’t make any promises there.” He squeezed Dean’s shoulder, then let his hand fall away.
“Hey, who’re you calling little?”
On April 10th, a Dutch cargo ship had been delivering supplies near Iceland when they were attacked and sunk by a German U-boat submarine. A Navy destroyer, the
Dean searched Castiel’s eyes, as if he would find the answer in them, but whether he found it or not, he didn’t say. Instead, in barely a whisper, he said, “I think I know the feeling...”
Castiel sighed and leaned back against the headboard of his bed after he finished reading Dean’s short letter. It was harder now than it had been before. Letters didn’t feel like quite enough, somehow. They couldn’t say all the things they wanted to say, for fear of being read by someone else. Sometimes letters were spot-checked by officials, which was why Dean couldn’t explain what weapons he was using, but as a result, any tender words of love were forced into veiled references.
“It’s too hot to buy too many. They won’t last the day, even in your hotel room, so you should only buy what you can eat now. I’m partial to the dark chocolate mays, they have chocolate filling. Anna likes the raspberry creams.” Castiel pointed to each truffle in the display case. Then he pointed out small green and brown cubes, a little bit bigger than dice. “Their specialty, though, are the mint meltaways”
“Would I be right in assuming that you’re Jo?” Cas asked, raising a brow at her.
“Anna...” Cas rolled his eyes.
Castiel smiled and looked down into the sink. To distract himself, he rinsed his razor and closed it, setting it on the sink. After wiping his face, he stepped over to the bath and turned off the faucet. “The sink is yours.”
“Yeah, they’re Grumman F4F-3s, with P&W R-1830-76 Twin Wasp engines and two 12.7 millimeter Browning machine guns mounted on each wing and two--”
“Hey Dean, how come I’m doing all this work and you’re just staring off into lala land?” Sam’s voice broke Dean from his thoughts.
Dean whimpered, though he would never admit to making such a sound. “Not making it easy.”
Castiel hummed, held tightly to the back of Dean’s neck and witnessed his resolve quietly shatter to pieces. "Dean..."
“On leave...” He chose his words carefully. “We met at the Aragon and got together again in July.”
“Oh, well, I am a very busy girl, I will have to check my schedule and see if I might be able to pencil you in. Who is this, mysterious man?”
“Aw, shucks!” He snapped, playing at being dejected, but he couldn’t help the genuine smile on his face after toying with his sister.
“Rather than raisinets at the theater, my plan was to get some candy from Fannie May.” He pointed to the shop door, then walked in. Dean followed behind, looking curious.
“I suppose when you put it that way.” He shrugged. “So what about you, do you have anyone you like?”
“You’re welcome anytime, Cas. Goodnight, dears.”
Dean smirked, moving back up to press a hard kiss to Castiel’s lips, pushing him back against the pillow. Castiel met it with equal fervor and nearly growled when Dean broke it. He murmured against Castiel’s lips, “I’m all yours, Cas.”
There, they quietly undressed, climbed into Dean’s small bed and held one another, trading kisses that were more honest than any of their words could ever be.
He wondered it, nonetheless. He did love Dean, and he wondered if Dean loved him. Perhaps Dean wondered the same thing of Cas; he certainly never said the words out loud to the younger man. As far as gestures and expressions and the way they touched one another could be trusted, Cas thought it was possible that their feelings for each other were the same. He wouldn’t know for sure until either of them found the words to say it.
"Right, because ships have captains." Dean nodded, understanding his mix up now.
“It could be... Someone just made a mention of it in a letter and I didn’t know what it was.” His heart began beating faster at the thought that this is what Dean’s message had been.
From the train station in Lawrence, Cas took a bus, as directed by Dean in one of his most recent letters. The bus took him through the town of Lawrence, which was a bit bigger than he had expected, based on what Dean told him about it. It certainly wasn’t a bustling city like Chicago or Washington, D.C., but it wasn’t quite the rural, small town he thought it was. It actually reminded him quite a bit of Pontiac, where Cas grew up.
Dean could definitely see why Cas got bored of training young pilots. So in the meantime, when he wasn’t learning new weapons or battle tactics, Dean would look forward to at least seeing Cas again. Things between them also seemed better now. With more letters from Cas, he worried less about the pilot losing interest in him. This last letter was less careful, too, surely due to the lack of censors on the ship reading what he was writing.
“So, you work at the naval base around here?”
“So am I.”
“You beat me here!” Dean called out as he neared, his breath fogging on the air.
He woke from dreams of being in Dean’s arms, sharing a bed with him. Even though Dean was so far away in reality, it still put a smile on Cas’s face, and the letters still made his day. Cas thought back to the first time they parted, the way Dean had blurted out, “We should write.” He thought the man was crazy to suggest it. Back then, Castiel didn’t know how important those letters -- and Dean, himself -- would become to him.
Finally the moment came when Cas deemed Dean ready for more. He stroked some lubricant onto his own shaft, then positioned himself beneath Dean. “Alright...”
“The best candy.”
“Oh, very well! It’s a nice job to have. They give me good hours,” Jess smiled warmly at Dean.
A moment later, a man appeared in the kitchen, having come in from another room. Castiel assumed that was John. He turned to face the man.
“They don’t give us much time, you know. This was a lot, really.” He caught a look from Sam and the small smile that accompanied it.
“See you in the morning, son,” John called from the den, waving a hand as his version of goodnight.
How is the 14th?
Sam laughed, which made Dean laugh as well. When they settled, Sam leaned back on his hands and they both looked up at the sky. There was a moment of quiet between them and it was like old times, when they were young and spent those rare moments just staring at the stars.
Castiel watched Dean for a moment, held onto the edge of the bench and pursed his lips before giving it a try. He stood and, accidentally on purpose, lost his balance a little bit. Dean instantly reached out to hold him by the elbows and steady Castiel. While Cas looked uncertain, Dean just grinned.
“I know that!” She hollered at him. “I know that, and you know that, I just wish she knew that. Lord above, she knows exactly how much she does without father, why doesn’t she realize we don’t need men!?”
“We will just as soon as the Germans gives us a reason to, I think.”
Sure enough, in his stack of letters, there were three from Anna, one from his mother, and two from Dean. Cas smiled and took his letters back to his shared cabin and settled on his bunk to read them. While some of the pilots liked to read theirs in the officer’s wardroom, where the tables made it easy write out their replies, Cas preferred the privacy. Gabriel was out of the room at the time and that was even better. The pair of them were much like brothers, which unfortunately meant that Gabe had a tendency to pry sometimes and Cas would rather avoid incessant questions he didn’t want to answer. He tore open the envelope with the older post-mark, from mid-January, first.
“Huh. I would have thought fancy weddings were all extravagant.”
“Don’t try and say you don’t enjoy it,” Dean made a point of seductively licking the ice cream. Castiel shoved Dean with his elbow and averted his gaze.
“Because, my dear... I did a little shopping while I was on the base.”
“One for the road, you know?” Dean grinned.
“I was wondering if you would like to dine with me in Chicago, perhaps on Saturday the 14th of September.”
“Yeah, it’s real popular back home. It must be popular here, too; didn’t you ever go with your friends or with Anna?”
As Cas laughed, Dean began taking off his shirt, exposing the skin below. He shrugged out of his shirtsleeves and pulled off the undershirt beneath it. Dean ran a hand slowly down over his chest, studying Cas as if he was a piece of art.
“You can call me by my first name,” Castiel met Dean’s eyes.
Cas shook his head and did the same, saluting her cake with his own forkful and then eating it. When they finished eating, Anna insisted on paying for their lunch on account of it being in honor of his birthday. They left the restaurant and walked together to the train station and parted ways with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Anna returned to their home in Pontiac and Cas took his new model plane back to the base.
“Good boy,” John smiled and leaned back in his seat. “Don’t start slacking, though.”
Cas shook his head at the pair of them. “Have you had ample time to check out the planes?”
Castiel shrugged. “I can’t know for sure. It feels like we’re both serious but how do I know the difference between infatuation and...”
Lawrence was a simple town, nothing quite as big as Fayetteville, the city near Ft Bragg, and nowhere near as fancy as Chicago. Dean liked it, though. It was familiar and friendly and it was home. While a few people moved on to bigger and better things, a lot of the folks he grew up with still lived there, and almost everyone came back home for the holidays, so long as they could.
Cas hummed and nodded. “We signed up to fight for a reason, cadet.”
“I will.” Cas smiled.
They sat there quietly for a long time, watching the movements around the base and the sun shining off the water in the harbor. It was peaceful, despite the news of the day. An ever-present breeze off the coast ruffled the leaves of the few trees and snapped the fabric of the many flags. The sky was blue, the air was clean, the temperature was comfortable; by all accounts, it was a beautiful day. Yet no one was particularly happy that day.
“Okay, so you’d be protecting the soldiers.”
“In Illinois, south of Chicago,” Dean wished they lived closer for an entirely different reason, though.
Anna sighed with dramatic resignation. “Very well then. You figure it out.”
“But you’re a lieutenant now, that should be worth recognition, right?”
“Looking forward to it.” Dean said with a broad smile.
Dean blinked. His heart was racing, and not just because Cas alluded to loving him. Now it raced at the thought of going to war, at the fear of what would happen to Cas, to Benny or Ash, to himself, when they were out there.
I am very, very sorry that it took so many months to update this fic! Life got away from me and made writing very difficult. I won't bog you down with too many notes and let you get straight to it. I just wanted to say I'm sorry! And thank you for not giving up on this fic! I will keep on writing it, no matter how long it takes to finish!
“Shucks,” Cas tsked. “It would have been good timing. Nearly one year from the day we met.”
“Hey wait,” Dean sat up a little straighter. “Don’t forget Ginger.”
Now they were back at port, all taking their orders for where to go and splitting up for shore leave. Some of the men stayed at the base in Norfolk, while others went home to spend time with their families. Cas chose to stay at Norfolk, with little interest in going home. Seeing Anna was nice, but he was more interested in time away from his parents and the trip to Chicago was a long one from Virginia. If he was going to take a long trip anywhere, Cas was more interested in Kansas or North Carolina, but it wasn’t that easy. So he started with a long list of errands, instead. He sorted out his housing, got his orders for the next tour and made a trip to the post office on base, to see if Dean had written to him. He would also have to see if any of the other test pilots for the F4F-3s had reports that he could read, but that would be another day. It was Sunday, and Cas didn’t plan to do any real work until at least Monday.
After they dressed and were ready to leave the hotel, Castiel stopped Dean at the door. He was seized by the need to kiss him one last time before they left for the day, and so he did. One hand wrapped around the back of Dean’s neck and lips pressed to lips. It was another slow and chaste kiss, but it lingered on until they both pulled back, smiling and slightly bewildered.
“The one in Chicago.”
“That’s a shame,” Dean frowned and looked off towards the dancefloor in thought. “Hey, do you live in Chicago? I mean, outside of the base?”
“That’s about the size of it. I don’t ever think to visit a shop except on a special occasion.”
In the middle of the day, Dean was most at odds with himself. There wasn’t much to do except go visiting or sit around reading. Sometimes he would just lay around listening to the radio, catching up on the new tunes or listening to the radio dramas. Whenever a Glenn Miller song came on, though, Dean would get shifty and anxious for the weekend. He didn’t want to miss out on time with his family (or his mom’s cooking), but he wanted to see Castiel again very badly.
“We’ll have a ball, you’ll see...” Dean still held his sleeve and pulled Castiel on after him as he hurried towards a young man walking on the street. “Excuse me, sir, do you happen to know where the nearest roller rink is?”
With a laugh, Castiel pushed Dean off himself and onto the mattress beside them. “I was going to say, come then, let’s go get washed up.”
Castiel nodded.
“Well, I hadn’t presumed you had acquired clairvoyance since the last time I saw you.”
“I’m surprised I didn’t find you here before me.” Cas walked over to Gabe and they embraced briefly, then stepped back. “Are we in the same cabin again?” Being an officer, Cas and his fellow pilots, got an actual cabin, whereas the other men on the ship had to share one large room with bunks. The only luxury the cabin afforded was privacy, he shared with one other man, usually Gabe, but had no more space than anyone else onboard. Only the Captain or an Admiral -- very high ranking officers -- had a cabin with any kind of extra space.
While Chicago was a long train ride away, the small town of Great Lakes had enough amenities that were only a short hike to get to. No town was a town at all without a record shop these days, so it was easy enough to find one. A little bell jingled as he walked through the door and Cas was happy to find the shop mostly empty. A young woman with bright red-orange hair stood behind the counter and offered him a smile.
Dean laughed a little. “Not always.”
“Would you like help with that?” Cas offered, standing as soon as the women stood.
They kissed for a long moment before Castiel pulled back enough to rest his forehead against Dean’s and smiled. He chuckled quietly, opening his eyes to look into Dean’s in an uncharacteristically shy way.
Cas let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding. “Merry Christmas, Dean. How are you and your family?”
“A pleasure to meet you, Jessica. I’m happy to hear about your engagement.” Cas, as a rule of etiquette, didn’t shake a woman’s hand unless she reached out first. In some cases, he might even kiss a woman’s hand in greeting, but that seemed too formal here. “I really appreciate you allowing me to attend the wedding.”
He decided to steer clear of anything that could be considered talk of war. Cas turned to Sam. “I understand you are attending law school, Sam?”
“Fine, it’s all pretty much the same every day. I do training, answer letters, listen to some records, spend time with the guys.”
“It’s a letter from my best friend...” Dean said. He had taken to referring to Cas that way, because it conveyed the closeness without being suspicious. Or so he hoped, anyway. “His squadron is going to sea and apparently testing new planes, which he says can be dangerous. But not to worry, because they have parachutes and he’s a good swimmer.”
“Dean, how was the trip up?” John, asked, tipping the top of the newspaper down to look at Dean.
Back at the hotel, Castiel began packing his small suitcase that he had brought down for the weekend. Dean sat on the foot of the bed watching without comment, except idle conversation about anything other than Cas leaving. They made plans to get dinner and the rest of the night. When everything was put away, Dean reached out to grab Castiel’s wrist and pulled him over. Castiel stood between Dean’s legs and set his hands on Dean’s shoulders while Dean held the backs of Cas’s thighs and looked up to him.
Dean spent half the day going from shop to shop, stopping at every other store to catch up with someone he knew from town. They all asked how he was doing, how training was going, how were his parents and brother and if Sam and Jess were planning on getting engaged yet. He did his part asking after everyone’s health and how their parents or siblings or kids were doing. By the end of the day, he was exhausted and done with conversation. More importantly, his mission had been successful, and he had found gifts for everyone in his family. He walked back into the house in the afternoon and quickly hid the presents in his room until he could wrap them up. He spent an hour talking to his mom about who he ran into and how everyone was doing before Sam and Jess rescued him. Jess took up conversation with Mary while Sam and Dean retired to the living room to listen to the radio and relax. He wondered if Cas had these same problems when he went back home, remembered how very Society his family was and then guessed he probably got off easy compared to Cas.
“Come on, Cas, you oughta admit, that was a good flick.” Dean flashed a huge, coaxing grin at him.
One of Castiel’s hands abandoned Dean’s hair, moving down to press against the small of his back. In the wake of the broken kiss, Dean’s lips traveled from Cas’s mouth to his jaw, then found his neck. More gentle kisses, echoing those from when they woke, were placed lovingly along his throat, collarbone and shoulders.
They found a table off to the side with a good view of the musician. A waitress came to take their order for drinks and the pair of men settled in to listen. Dean watched the stage as Castiel watched him; he seemed to truly savor the music. At the Aragon, Dean had always nodded in time with the beat or tapped his foot.
“I expect you will.” She grinned. They both knew that -- in all likelihood -- the two would never meet. The only way Cas saw it happening was if, many years down the road, when he and Dean left the service and they were still together, then maybe Dean and Anna would meet. The only other possible scenario he could imagine was the three of them being in Chicago at the same time. And, just as he said aloud, he had no idea when that might be.
“But not always and not when you first signed up for the Navy.”
At one point he stood in the doorway to the kitchen, smelling pie and turkey and gravy and stuffing and wished Cas could be there, too. It felt like Cas was the only thing missing from the whole scene and he could imagine him standing beside Jess, making her laugh, or helping his mom carry something heavy. He imagined Cas would be happy to help out with anything that needed to get done. For one tiny, bitter moment he envied Jess and Sam, but quickly pushed those feelings aside. Dean knew that if Cas could be here for Christmas, Sam and Jess would probably welcome him into the family more readily than anyone else.
“Look here,” He said and just before the third flash, Castiel looked at Dean, both of them were smiling.
“You know we could stay in bed all day,” Dean said, breaking Castiel from his thoughts. He chuckled and kissed Dean’s chest.
“That’ll be the one,” The clerk, Garth, informed Dean.
“Yeah, I thought you stopped going to church a long time ago.” Dean teased.
“You certainly can’t eat me,” Castiel chuckled and shivered at the same time.
Dean plugged the drain in the bathtub, turned on the water and undressed while he waited for the tub to fill. He realized this was the first time he had been alone anywhere for months. Thoughts of Castiel hopefully sharing the hotel with him later that night quickly filled his head. He imagined the pilot in that bathtub, lounging out, hair damp at the ends. Maybe one arm would drape over the side of the tub, his shoulder relaxed and neck exposed.
“She is, absolutely. When you meet women like her, you have to wonder if they shouldn’t let them enlist as anything other than nurses.”
“Really?” Dean looked over at Benny, he couldn’t imagine the big guy dancing.
“I’m getting paid.” Jo laughed. “It’s alright, though. I figure it’s a good skill to have, if nothing else.”
Dean hummed and rocked his own hips in response. “Too long.”
“Oh, you’re right. Have you eaten, Cas? I can cook something up for you.” Mary offered.
“Oh, a certain soldier you met along the way, is all.”
“And has anyone struck your fancy, yet? I’m sure the girls in North Carolina think you’re attractive.”
“The candy?” Dean looked at Castiel, then over at the shop.
was sailing near Greenland and Iceland, the crew and pilots were much more somber and on guard. There would be no more unplanned detours to Allied bases for stockings, no more fun experimenting with the planes. Eyes were peeled, looking for any signs of ships that weren’t supposed to be there. But no matter how closely they watched the skies or seas, none of the pilots could do anything about submarines.
“Not that I know a whole lot about ships, but it makes sense that they would be different. I guess submarines are the next most unique?”
“But of course, and I’ve already stolen the bottom bunk.”
“Staying in is tempting, but I believe hunger will get the best of us both, especially if we remain active.” He ran a hand down Dean’s chest, fingers lingering at his stomach before he pulled back entirely and out of Dean’s arms.
“You’re on military time... or I guess Navy time, in your case. I get it.”
Castiel laughed. Inias was the youngest of the four friends and ever eager. Sometimes Cas thought of him like one of his students, but the young man was a very capable pilot and had been through some real ordeals in the air. He had earned his stripes as much as the next man, but all three of them would likely always be protective of him. It occurred to Cas then that Inias was probably close to the same age as Dean, if not older. That was a sobering thought.
“Me too!” Said another.
“Wow...” Dean broke the silence.
“Where do they live?”
“Sounds good. Hey, tell your mom I said hi. And that my mom does, too, ‘cause she will. How is your mom doing?”
“Nah, let them dance. I’ve been on my feet all day.”
“I do, I do say,” Dean chuckled at the man’s retort and nodded. He stole a glance at the other man's uniform decorations, "So, are you a Captain?"
“Well, that wasn’t half bad. Might have been better if we thought to lay down,” Chuckling, Dean tipped his head left and right, working out the crick in his neck.
“That’s where the name comes from,” The young woman beamed happily. “Would you care for a box?”
“I don’t think even the promise of amazing sex can quite overcome my aversion to the idea of flight.”
Castiel grunted as he bucked his hips up, thrusting into Dean. His eyes, darker now as they filled with lust, and nearly glaring, caught Dean’s eyes and he smirked, “I guess we both like being in control.”
This chapter was originally going to cover both July 20th and 21st, but I got a little carried away, so I split them up. But because of this, the next chapter will hopefully be up sooner than later. Sorry for the long wait on this one! I hope you enjoy it!
The Ranger had set sail across the Atlantic Ocean, passing the shores of North Carolina and from the flight deck, as far as the eye could see, was nothing but vast waters. The sun was blindingly bright with nothing in the clear sky to block its rays, but the ocean winds and the movement of the carrier made that January afternoon feel even colder than at the base at Norfolk. No one was complaining about wearing full uniforms today -- though it might be a different story when they reached the Bahamas.
“Alright. How about we all meet up in the wardroom later?”
“So what do you suggest?”
“Shouldn’t they have tested that before sending them out?” Gabe asked, pulling his face in annoyance.
“I’ll be home for Christmas, though.”
“I’ll miss you,” Cas said quietly, just as the bus turned around the corner. They both looked over at it, then back to each other.
“Yes, ma’am.” Dean tracked down his dad, who was reading a book somewhere out of the way of all the chaos. “Dad.”
Dean mentioned wanting to give Cas time to just relax as an excuse for them staying home during the day. This meant they would have the house to themselves for a good length of time. A little before lunch time, after everyone had been gone for about twenty minutes, Dean flashed a grin at Cas, grabbed his hand, and dragged him upstairs to the bedroom.
The actual church service wasn’t the worst, because Cas and Anna both had a lifetime of practice sitting through them, whether they agreed with what was being said or not. It might have been easier still if there was anyone in the congregation that he had any interest in seeing. Anna had a few friends, or at least friendly acquaintances, whom she spoke to before and after the service, but Cas did not. He never felt particularly comfortable in this world that belonged to his parents and would have chosen an airplane hangar or a cramped mess hall on an aircraft carrier over this.
Dean’s eyes went wide. “They did?”
“Unlikely.” Cas tucked Dean’s letters away and settled into bed. “The storm isn’t nearly that bad tonight.”
“And more than that. We could get in trouble...”
“Yowzah, that’s a big pie,” Donna exclaimed. And Jody turned to see that man with a mullet, who had torn the sleeves off his suit jacket, was rolling out a giant pie on a trolly. Jody laughed.
Hell, it made him feel over the damn moon actually. He’d never thought he’d walk
“You’re
regretting his decision to officiate this wedding.
“You can’t say the Roadhouse doesn’t accommodate for all dietary needs,” he said. “Even that of a bloodsucker.”
“No, trust me, that checks out,” he muttered. He seemed to think about the question for a moment but shrugged. “I ain’t got a clue Man. Champagne isn’t exactly my thing.” Sam looked like that answer would not sit well with Linda, so Charlie just laughed and shook her head.
They cut the cake together, and Cass got a lot of fun out of stuffing a slice into Dean’s mouth and then licking the buttercream off his lips. Afterwards, the music restarted, and their friends and family found their ways back to the dancefloor, but the speeches had been an emotional drain for both Cass and Dean, and they decided to sit down to rest and just enjoy each other’s company for a little while. They would re-join the party soon enough, he was sure.
Dean reached over and held his mother’s hand, whispering his thanks. And, true to her word, Mary’s eyes began to fill with tears.
Jody smiled at the man, who was making room on the table to put the pie down.
Being one of the only people in the room who understood Japanese, Cass gave a short laugh. But Dean either didn’t notice or didn’t care, as he continued to stare wide-eyed up at Bobby, his smile firmly in place. He hadn’t stopped smiling once since he’d said his vows.
But that wasn’t worth thinking about right now. The
Cass grinned as he continued. “Before I first spoke to Dean, I spent much of my time feeling lost. I was, a good soldier, but not much more. I had brothers and sisters, I had a father, but I didn’t have a
“That’s the spirit,” Garth encouraged and quickly ushered Dean along to join his partner.
She looked
“Of course,” he said in a very matter-of-fact tone.
to process him.
“He’s been working on it for twelve years now,” Sam stage-whispered, receiving an unimpressed bitchface from Dean. Sort of, anyway. Dean’s eyes said: ‘
, though Bobby didn’t clarify that bit of information.
Finally, Sam laughed. He was surrounded by idiots, and he loved them all.
Before Sam could even tell them that they could make out now, Cass had already grabbed Dean by the lapels of his suit jacket and dipped him into a dramatic kiss.
had made it through this whole thing without clashing even once). And Charlie left too.
There was a loud squeal of laughter coming from the buffet area, and all eyes turned to watch as Eileen squirmed and laughed, while Sam struggled to hold her still long enough to blow raspberries on her neck. Beside them, Dean had his mouth filled to the brim with food, his cheeks ballooned up like a chipmunk, looking as though he was only one surprised laugh away from choking to death. Meanwhile, Cass was hugging him tightly from behind, his head rested on Dean’s shoulder as they both fondly watched the scene play out in front of them.
.” She shrugged. It wasn’t exactly something she would recommend doing or idolising, it had been pretty reckless actually. But, hey, she was allowed to brag about herself every now and then. And after Linda had left to go deal with an issue with the wedding cake, Eileen and Kevin had both just fallen into hunting stories. Although Kevin’s stories mostly revolved around a computer, he still had some good anecdotes to share.
Cass sighed in relief, hearing the truth inside Dean’s words. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt him.
“Cross my heart,” Charlie promised, looking down at the purple knee-length dress in question and straightening it out. “Thanks again for the loan.” Mary thought that it was a good thing that neither Cass nor Dean had decided that they wanted their party to all match, else she would have been out of luck for getting a spare outfit this close to the ceremony.
“Good,” she said. “Now, important question: you’re not really going to make me watch you walk down the aisle to
For a moment, she thought about asking to sit it out. But then she looked over at Cass, and her heart sunk. She couldn’t do that to him. He deserved better than that.
,” Kevin signed to her, appearing astonished, and Eileen laughed and nodded.
She’d never really had that for herself before.
“A little,” Dean admitted, turning back around to survey himself and his well-fitted white suit in the mirror. He was also wearing shiny black shoes, an embroidered ivory waistcoat, and a blue silk tie. It was definitely a show-stopper look. “I hate the waiting,” he said.
. He really sang from the heart. Or, the black pit where his heart should be, anyway.
“Whoops, sorry. I guess I’m still a bit drunk from last night,” Charlie laughed nervously, as Crowley rounded on her, flashing his red demonic eyes.
“You don’t meet people like Dean Winchester and Castiel every day, you know,” Claire said, more confident now. “And when you do first meet them, you might think that there is no way that they could work. They’re just that different. I mean, take Dean. He is a junk-food addict who has not only seen, but can also quote, every single movie ever made. Whereas Cass can barely understand a Star Trek reference, and only actually learnt what pop tarts were, like a week ago.”
Mary turned back to Bobby and Sam, all of them waiting to hear the opening notes of that ridiculous song...
He was so happy.
Well, almost everyone... and that just wouldn’t do. So, a few songs later, the two of them moved over to the happy couple’s table.
“We’ve got a lot of speeches to get through today, and Linda has warned us all to keep them short and sweet, or she’ll cut the power to the microphone,” Mary said, gaining a laugh from the crowd. Bobby didn’t laugh though; he’d received the exact same threat from Mrs Tran earlier today, and the fire in her eyes was damn scarier than it had any right to be. “Though that’s probably a good thing,” Mary said. “Because I’m sure I’ll turn into a blubbering mess if I stand up here too long, but I have a reputation as a hunter to uphold.”
“Anyway,” Charlie continued, regaining Claire’s attention. “This is all to say, that in all my life, I have never met a more dysfunctional, yet perfect couple than Cass and Dean. So, to celebrate their happy union, let’s all get completely wasted and have a good time, yeah?”
Sam threw his arm over her shoulder and pressed a kiss to the side of her forehead. She could read his gratitude for her rescue in his body language long before she looked up and read the words from his lips.
Sam did a literal spit take at that while Eileen patted his back, and Bobby laughed. Dean and Cass both just blinked at their son for a moment before they both split into laughter too.
“They look happy, don’t they,” Jo said.
“Ooh. I couldn’t. I’m more stuffed than a turkey on thanksgiving,” Donna replied. Alex and Kaia also shook their heads no.
They received several wolf whistles for their efforts.
“I love you,” Dean whispered, his voice so soft and warm.
Neither did Rowena, it seemed, as she immediately asked: “Dear boy, aren’t you cold?”
Cass hummed, contently, his heart skipping in his chest.
Dean felt flushed and nervous as Linda passed him the microphone. He’d had everyone’s eyes on him all day, and that had been bad enough, but this time felt different. Because now it was time for his speech, and speaking from the heart wasn’t always something Dean was good with. And he didn’t think he’d ever so much as
“He’s always been so filled with life and love, even after everything that’s happened in his life. And I think that is at least in part due to Castiel. I’m sure you’ve all seen it too, how these two just light up around each other.” Bobby looked over at the pair. They were doing it right now, practically sitting in each other’s laps as they gazed happily at one another. If it wasn’t their wedding day, Bobby’d tell them to get a damn room already. “You two make each other so happy,” Mary continued, “and as a mother, that’s all I’ve ever wanted for my kids.”
your speech, right?”
, but they said a big screw you to God’s plan. Again,
.” At this point, Cass reached across and took Dean’s hand in his own. Sam continued on with the lyrics: “
Claire smiled nervously out at the large room of hunters, trying not to fidget. “Hey, er, most of you don’t know me. Which, er, sucks for you, I guess,” she laughed, and she thought she saw a few people in the crowd smiling back, but she suddenly couldn’t hear anything over the pounding in her ears. “I’m Claire, and I’m also the last speaker. So, don’t worry, we’ll all get to eat soon enough.”
She was glad they were happy, though.
“I thought
. And they chose each other anyway. They’ve been through a lot, but they always come out of it, together, stronger than ever before.
turn.
But what helped more than that was when her eyes found Kaia’s and they shared a smile.
it in public before.
, but at least he wasn’t actively trying to be a thorn in their wedding day anymore, so it was okay.
, the soft opening notes of Metallica’s
“For the opening reading,” Sam said once everyone had settled down again, “I suggested a few poems by Pablo Neruda, T. S. Eliot, and Shakespeare... But, Dean had other ideas. So, I guess I’m going to read you the lyrics of this Led Zeppelin song, instead.”
“It’s fine,” Sam insisted. “And even if I wasn’t. Well, I can’t exactly go tell him off for flirting with my girlfriend when I’m kinda the reason why he died.” He said it as a joke and followed it up with a nervous laugh, but Eileen knew that he still did blame himself for that. He didn’t seem to be in the mood to actually talk about that right now, though, so Eileen just pressed a kiss to his cheek.
Truthfully, Cass hadn’t wanted either of them here – they were both Dean’s exes after all; or, well,
“Truthfully, I’m kinda glad that Sammy put his foot down about that though,” Dean admitted. “As hunters, we get a bit too used to operating under the radar, but some things need to be celebrated. And when you got a man like Cass under your arm... you know, he’s worth showing off.”
So, when Cass paused, looking deep into his eyes, as though asking for permission to continue, Dean nodded.
of their make-up. She didn’t know what was going on, but she would always love him, no matter what.
Cass kept held of Dean’s hand as Claire passed him the ring, and he repeated the vows back to Dean, while the two of them collectively wore the biggest grins Sam had seen.
Kevin nodded, so Eileen quickly made her way through the crowd, leaving Claire and Kaia to keep Kevin out of trouble. Though, a voice in her head told her that perhaps they would only end up doing the exact opposite...
The Roadhouse was, of course, originally Ellen’s bar. But that one had burnt down like 13 years ago. Ellen hadn’t been in any rush to rebuild, but Ash hadn’t felt right without the place. Even in heaven, the Roadhouse had been his home. So, he got the go-ahead from Ellen, wired himself some money straight from a billionaire’s bank account, and built himself a bar. This place was all his now.
Claire finished her toast, blushing only a little bit as she caught eyes again with Kaia, by raising her glass and taking a sip.
drunk. But demon or not, Claire wasn’t going to let him bad-mouth Cass. That was her job.
“I’ll drink to that,” she said, moving to grab Cass’s glass, but he was quicker than she was and swiped it quickly out of the way with a shake of his head. “What? I’m not allowed a glass of champagne at the wedding of the guy who’s wearing my dead dad’s body?”
“And no one is able to do winged eyeliner that good on their first try,” Charlie-X said.
Rowena ignored his attitude as she continued with: “I’ll take a gin and tonic.” Ash just reached over and passed her the entire bottle of gin. Maybe she would be more tolerable if she were drunk.
The wedding ceremony was taking place in a field out back behind the bunker, but all the guests were milling around in the library for the time being, so Charlie went to check there first. She arrived in the room at the same time that the demon Crowley entered the bunker, dressed in a white suit jacket, which was not only a questionable choice for a wedding, but also
Did demons have a higher tolerance for alcohol than people did? She’d never exactly thought to ask before.
Sam just rolled his eyes, and continued the reading. He managed to get through the final verse without any more interruptions from the stupidly happy couple gazing into each other’s eyes up here on the altar, looking as though no one else was around.
Dean almost wanted to tell him to stop. To tell him that he couldn’t hear this again. But he didn’t, because perhaps that was exactly
of shots, and accidentally convincing Dean to go take a swing at his old man.
too similar to Cass and Dean’s for it to be a coincidence.
The words caused a flashback in Dean’s mind, making his heart ache.
“So... vows,” Sam prompted, and Dean shrugged.
, under his breath was anything to go by, anyway.
Charlie approached with the make-up brush again, and Dean leaned away further. Apparently, he only wore make-up when drunk... What a loser. And she meant that in the most affectionate way possible.
“You didn’t mind me saying that, did you,” Cass asked, feeling suddenly insecure about his choice of topics. Perhaps he should have kept things light after all? But Dean eased Cass’s worries by taking his hand and pressing a soft kiss to his knuckles.
“You alright there,” Dean asked, picking up on her hesitation.
anyway. Dean kept insisting that Crowley was less of an ex, and more of a regrettable fling.
one was the happy one.
But when the song finally began to play, she sighed in relief. As did everyone in the line behind her who had all also heard about the apparent plan to combine Cass’s love of pop and rap music, with Dean’s love of cowboys for their ceremony.
“Alright,” Ellen called, hands on her hips and looking serious. “Who spiked the demon’s drink with holy water?” Beside Ash, Mrs Tran grinned.
’ from the guests, and Claire nodded.
’ go” he emphasised the words by making quotation gestures, made more awkward as he was holding the mike, and refused to pull away to talk. And Dean rolled his eyes. “I’ve been informed that’s a rather good one.”
Mary could feel the sting of happy tears against her eyes, and had to take a deep breath to stop them from flowing before they messed up her make-up.
Cass smiled. “I know.”
“That’s up to you I guess,” Ash shrugged. It wasn’t like he was a fan of vamps. But Dean had vouched for this one, so he’d give him a chance.
Charlie could understand that. Dean and Cass might have had one of the shortest engagements in history, but it probably felt like much longer to them, considering how long they’d been dancing around each other and their feelings. Charlie was going to say as such, but she was cut off by a short tap on the door. They both turned to look that way as Sam came in and closed it behind him.
“Before I was born, I chose Castiel to be my dad,” Jack said, as though remembering being a foetus was just a normal everyday occurrence that everyone could relate to. “I can only remember bits and pieces about that time, but I remember feeling
It was fair enough to say that John Winchester was no longer going to be at the wedding.
But Cass didn’t want the words to sit with him like that; he wanted Dean to remember them in a different light.
But he was Dean’s friend. They both were.
Sam was already shaking his head and leading Jack away, covering his ears, before Dean could even respond with his: “What a good idea.”
“So, differences be damned, you know,” she continued. “Despite them, they’re better together, because they love each other. And I hope that one day I will be so lucky to marry someone who loves me like that.”
and Dragons) and stuff themselves full of junk food. And that would have been great.
While everyone was laughing at that and throwing in their own jibes, Sam and Eileen led Crowley outside for some fresh air.
“Calm down, Doctor Bad Ass,” she said. “The invitation specifically said that no murder is allowed.”
“Not exactly,” Jack said, his tone very matter-of-fact in a way that gave them all pause to hear him out. “But I believe he is having sex with Rowena in the manager’s office.”
with her. At the Grooms’ table, Dean was laughing up a storm and recording the whole thing on his phone.
Cass wasn’t proud to admit that this game went on for several days, while the guest list expanded to include Hannah. Lisa Braeden. Cass’s sort-of-wife from when he had amnesia, Daphne (and yes, he imagined that, if she had in fact turned up today, she would have been in for a shock). Dean’s ex-girlfriend Cassie. and the Djinn Queen, that Cass may or may not be technically married to...
Mary sat back down, tears still in her eyes, and Bobby sighed. Well, damn. Now it was
Sam was officiating the wedding, so he stood in front of her in the line. And the young flower girl stood behind them. The girl’s father was that strange gangly werewolf who was apparently a hunter too, once upon a time. He was also one of the groomsmen, and was currently crouched down and adjusting the girl’s pale pink dress. Mary smiled as she watched them interact, though it made her a little sad too; she’d missed out on her boys’ childhoods, and it still stung. She couldn’t help wishing that things had been different, even though she knew how great they’d ended up.
“I suppose we should just be grateful that they didn’t make us wear cowboy boots,” Sam muttered, clearly thinking the exact same thing as her, and Mary laughed. She probably wouldn’t have minded that, though.
Charlie shrugged apologetically. Mary cast a look between the two of them and shook her head, deciding that she probably didn’t want to know, so instead of asking she just grinned.
