His swings his head back towards John, pale blue eyes now fixed on him. “Oh, she’s bad that one.
I will be brave,
“No.  The universe is rarely so lazy."
"Indeed." A small sigh escapes Sherlock. "When we get back to the hotel, I will locate a small
A short word of warning here, in this chapter Sherlock recounts his experiences at the hands of his jailers in Serbia.  I've tried to keep it non-graphic.
He points one long finger to his temple.
The simple praise from John made Sherlock's heart lift, John's face was open, the admiration clear.  Watching as John's face then took on a distant look, apparently thinking of what else to say, Sherlock took his time to admire the handsome man before him. Strong but somehow soft.  Always the contradiction.  The fighter and the healer.  John's eyes were fascinating to him, always had been.  A dark blue, as eternal as the midnight sky and as deep as the ocean, Sherlock knew he could lose himself in their depths; happily drowning in the man he hoped would become his.  His John. Although John's hair was now more grey than blonde it suited him well. Somehow bringing an admiring eye's attention to a defined and determined jaw, a wonderfully rounded nose and a pair of  firm, sensuously mobile lips.  Sherlock knew that John was getting more attractive with each passing day.  He knew, logically, that some of this perception was as a result of his attraction to him, but also that John really was, what was the saying?  Oh yes, growing old deliciously .... Or something along those lines.
"The cause of her very deep sleep, John?" Greg chips in, again smiling the smile of a much younger man. "She hadn't been able to get a decent night's sleep. She seemed reticent to say much more, but I would say the blush on the dear woman's cheeks and her frequent, unconscious, gestures and glances up to your flat, more than gave the game away."
“Magnussen stated that he knows where to find people who hate Mary, he implied that these people would hurt and possibly kill her.”
“John?”
"Well, as revealing as this visit has been so far, it is not the reason why Gregory and I came here. Some new evidence about Ms Morstan's background has come to light." Mycroft signals Lestrade who hands Sherlock a copy of an official looking document. John sits on the arm of Sherlock's chair, leaning over slightly so that he can see what is written on the page.
"My head is fine, although I'm concerned about yours." Slowly, Sherlock shifted to standing, wincing at the tenderness where his backside had hit the wooden floor. "The baby, John. Congratulations on you and Mary conceiving a baby. I know that you hadn't really planned on a family, but I know you will both make excellent parents. After all you've done a brilliant job raising me." His smile was sincere, but he wondered what else John had read on his face as John shifted his focus onto the wall, just to the side of Sherlock's head and unconsciously pinched at the bridge of his nose, the lines on his face appearing suddenly deeper. Sherlock felt his smile slip and the ice grip around his heart tightened a little more.
"Order it now, John. Tell them we will pay extra for quick delivery. Don't order too much. Don't take too long to eat. I don't plan on waiting too long to have you naked and in our bed."
"Loosen your knees a little John, excellent." Raising his gaze he could see that the rest of John's body was perfectly positioned, back straight, body upright, his military background lending itself perfectly to this new situation. Looking John straight in the eye Sherlock uttered a final "Perfect" before adjusting his own position. He towered over John but could tell that John was far from intimidated by the height difference, his stance strong and powerful, Sherlock's tall and graceful. The perfect partnership.
“Sherlock, please.”
He focuses on the task of removing the sodden bandage from Sherlock's chest, surgical gloves firmly in place, and battles with trying to pull off the wet tape without exerting any unnecessary pressure or extracting any of Sherlock's fine chest hairs.
Sherlock shrugs sheepishly, the move rather at odds with his words. "That's when I tend to climax. When the touch of you under my fingers and in my mouth feels so real that I can't separate fact from fantasy, that's when I come. I like to think that that's when you would come too."
“I said there was something wrong, that John would never act towards me ..... speak to me the way he did; but no-one listened!  This could have been addressed much sooner if someone ... anyone had listened to me!”  Gesturing wildly before wincing, his hand moving to hover over his bullet wound, his outburst causing unnecessary strain.
Sherlock hesitates for only a moment before giving in to temptation and linking their hands back together, cursing his pale skin and the flush of colour he knows is now riding high on his cheeks.
"I'll beg, often, and happily so."
“I offered to help her, but she didn't want my aid. I tried to reason further with her. She told me she would shoot me but I didn't believe her, I thought she was just scared. I was wrong.”
"We're really doing this." It's a statement, but the slight inflection on the last word makes it seem like a question. John clears his throat and makes himself look Sherlock directly in the eye. He may sound nervous but it's not worry for what may happen, it's more the tremor of anticipation.
"God John, I really need ...."
Sherlock and John eat in silence, Sherlock barely picking at his meal. He shoves the potatoes around his plate a bit more before finally putting his fork down and pushing away the sliding table.
“Because, you miserable sod, some people enjoy getting dressed up and pretending to be someone different, even if it is just for one night.”  John answers, his focus on his daughter as she toddles around the living room, pudgy fingers poking at the piles of paper that seemingly infest every flat surface.
Once again, the very lovely, very patient, Lockedinjohnlock is going through this with a fine tooth comb in preparation for turning into a Podfic! Yes, I am extremely excited and extremely grateful! Can you tell?!
Sherlock needs to be inside, needs to feel John around him.  He opens his eyes to ground himself, John always keeps him right, he knows he can rely on him for this too.  John is sprawled beneath him, naked and wanting but smiling up at Sherlock; trusting and ready. The image is enough to vanquish Sherlock’s impulse to take and his breathing eases out and the shaking begins to subside.  There’s nothing to fear here, nothing to overwhelm him in the wrong way; it’s just the two of them, as it always should be.  Despite his outward calm, Sherlock is still trembling, his breath betraying his excitement and nervousness, easy enough for someone who knows him well to read.
"Well that didn't exactly go to plan."  John finally managed to gasp out, wiping the tears from his eyes.
Soon after lunch Gethin arrives.
“Before you took a swan-dive off of the bloody hospital roof?
Sherlock uses the remote to switch the telly off and, once again, mirrors John’s action with his bed.
As John prepares their brunch he almost feels like he can hear Sherlock splashing around in the bathroom. Realistically he knows he can't; the distance is too far and the food he is cooking is sizzling and bubbling away loudly enough to drown out even the most energetic of bathing. Just the knowledge that Sherlock is so close to hand and engaged in such an ordinary day-to-day activity is enough to make John smile.  He had missed this part of their life together, the simple give and take of living with someone that you were so in sync with.  He hears the bathroom door open just as he begins to serve the food onto two plates, the scent of Sherlock's aftershave reaches John's nostrils and the smell of it makes his mouth water more than any of the food before him. John closes his eyes, trying to capture the smell and jumps when a warm, smooth cheek presses against his own stubbly one, Sherlock's body heat flooding through the thin layer of John's borrowed dressing gown along his back as Sherlock's long arms wrap around John's body.
“I believe so.”
"Quite."
, fireflies, but there's something odd about them. We don't get many in the UK, negligible numbers, really, but there have been more regular sightings in Austria. I need to discover what they fed on so I can trace precisely where they came from."
"And..." Sherlock continues, smirking in John's direction. "He forgot the most important thing of all, the tea!" With an imperious twirl Sherlock falls into the nearest seat, somehow managing to maintain his dignity. John tries, and fails, to smother his small snort of laughter before sitting next to Sherlock on the sofa. Herr Brün is looking extremely confused by the exchange, probably writing it off as the famous English sense of humour. Mycroft, however, is looking even more smug than Sherlock, a worrying sight.
facing him on my own!" He sorts through the chest of drawers, quickly locating pyjamas for the both of them, throwing Sherlock's over to him, before pulling on his own. "Put those on whilst I go and let our visitor in."
John grins at the table until the waiter leaves, before facing Sherlock directly. "More apple strudel? Still hungry?"
Mary nods and sighs. “They informed me he woke up, that he was talking. What did he have to say?”
Sherlock places a soothing hand on John's thigh. "Read on, John." The words are repeated once more and it is that, more than anything, which refocuses John's attention back on the page.
Their walk takes them to a small path that meanders through the woodland and they lapse into companionable silence.  Their path leads them to a wooden bench set in a secluded nook, a trail of late blooming bluebells inviting them in, an invite they happily accept.  For a while, they listen quietly to the birdsong, simply enjoying the feel of the sun on their skin.  Gradually, Sherlock becomes aware of a growing tension in John, which quickly manifests itself as fidgeting.
Hello! It's me! I'm so sorry for the huge delay, life has been a very interruptive pain in the backside lately and although I could visualise this chapter perfectly I just couldn't shake the words from my brain on to the page!
“No. I..”  John clears his throat, the sound loud in Sherlock’s ear.  “We should eat a proper meal now as I have something planned for tonight and we won’t be here for dinner; although we could make use of room service afterwards.”
About Magnussen.
“John, are you deliberately sabotaging these dates for some reason?”
That was my last fully written chapter (the delay was my editing it, I do tend to obsessively edit!) so I apologise if the remaining chapters are a bit slower in appearing!
“I’ve managed so far.  It’s been..” John pauses, he looks away from Sherlock, his unseeing gaze on some distant point on the luggage shelf above them.  “Christ, it’s been going on for three years now, or thereabouts.” He huffs a laugh, looking once more at Sherlock.
Mary had allowed John to talk about Sherlock whenever he needed to; encouraged it, in fact.
The cab journey brings a new level of clarity and John realises that Saskia must fancy Sherlock rather than him and that is why he never really clicked on a romantic level with her.  He must have been able to deduce it somehow, after all, he has been living and working with Sherlock for years now, something must have rubbed off. The thought doesn't bother him as much as he thought it would.  Saskia is allowed to fancy whoever she wishes and Sherlock is unlikely to return her interest, he never does when someone shows an interest in him.
Feeling exhausted from the sudden drop in adrenalin and lack of sleep, John can feel his eyelids drooping. The last thing he clearly remembers before sleep overtakes him is the steady beat of Sherlock's heart against his shoulder.
They shifted their weight until John was now balanced above Sherlock. Spreading his thighs he straddled Sherlock's hips.
"God, no! Another topic."
"Yes, John. You need to be at home." She reaches for John but drops her hand when he backs slightly away.
Rosie reaches out to get a cuddle from her dad, and after a quick wash to remove the gravy from around her face, she is settled happily in his arms whilst reaching out to play with the feather in Sherlock’s hat. The chuckling and giggling good nature of the scene has Mrs Hudson reaching for her camera again.
Lechner's home was in disarray, papers had been thrown about; books were leaning haphazardly against each other over the floor. The television screen had been broken, as had every mirror in the house, shards of glass sparkled in the mid morning sunlight, reflecting their rays over the surface of the dark wooden furniture. John watches, fascinated, as Sherlock carefully manoeuvres around the room. Sherlock's hands are tucked under his chin in their perpetual thinking position, his bright eyes are flicking from display case, to computer, to TV, to mirror and back again. John can almost see the thoughts running through his mind, the moment that he has an idea before rejecting it, showing clearly on his face. Finally Sherlock settles on one idea, his mouth open in a perfect 'O' as his head jerks fully upright. There is something about that particular look that has always made John's skin heat, and now, after the events in the bathroom, he can identify what it is; it is a facial expression he associates with orgasm. Now that he has consciously allowed the thought into his mind, John cannot clear the image of Sherlock orgasming, from his head. Flushing furiously, John excuses himself and wanders outside, leaving Sherlock to explain in rapid fire Austrian just what he has discovered to the police officer who had met them at the house.
Author's Note. 26/07/2015
“You mean sex.”  Sherlock keeps his gaze on the stars but gives John’s hand a reassuring squeeze.
“Janine?”
"Ah, yes, that. Haven't you noticed that I never said it knowingly within your earshot? I was worried you'd pull me up on it, I didn't really want to have to get into an explanation in front of people it didn't concern." John looks sheepish. "I'm not ashamed of my bisexuality, Sherlock, but to me 'gay' means only being attracted to a person of the same gender and I'm not. So, I wasn't lying, I was just being a bit pedantic with my word choice."
Sherlock takes his time, licking slowly at John’s cock, tasting the fluid that leaks from its tip before taking more of him into his mouth, massaging John’s length with the flat of his tongue. Trailing his fingers back Sherlock gently explores John’s cleft, drifting one cautious finger over John’s furled entrance. A pulse of bittersweet liquid coats Sherlock’s tongue and he swallows around John’s cock, humming with undisguised pleasure when John’s hand settles back in his hair.
"Congratulations? What for? What the bloody hell are you talking about?" John's brows were furrowed in confusion.  Quickly tracking his eyes all over John, Sherlock could tell that John was genuinely confused and more than slightly concerned.  "Did you hit your head on the floor?"
“Oh, I don’t know that, you silly man.  I know they wanted a job done and that they’d pay well for the privilege. I
"Forgive me for saying so but she's hardly the first person you've had sex with who hasn't loved you."
“John.” Sherlock warns.
Sherlock meets John’s concerned gaze for a moment, a soft smile curls his lips before he leans in to kiss John.
John Hamish Watson.
Each new touch to his skin causes John to shiver, each gentle caress from strong fingers increasing his pleasure.  He sighs as Sherlock pushes the shirt from his shoulders, tracing the material's journey with his hands as it tracks down his arms. John shudders as Sherlock gracefully drops to his knees and breathes the word 'beautiful' against his abdomen.  Open mouthed kisses are greeted with gentle moans and sighs, even as his hands drift to Sherlock's hair.  John has no intention of guiding the kisses and gentle licks,  he just wants to complete the circuit; Sherlock touching John, John touching Sherlock. He tenses and then sighs as Sherlock's soft lips brush over his nipple, the gentle nip of teeth causing John to tighten his grip briefly. His hands remain firmly in Sherlock's hair as Sherlock caresses, nips and sucks, swapping from one nipple to the other, the time spent on each erratic, leaving John deliciously unable to anticipate Sherlock's next move.
Travelled by cab (observed from window) yet to realise he has overpaid for journey.
It takes most of the day for Sherlock and John to do all the required tests. Occasionally, Josef pops in and chats to John in a friendly manner and before long John has forgotten his previous antagonism towards the man and finds himself thoroughly enjoying their talks. If John notices that Sherlock glances over more frequently during these times, he says nothing, but each look is locked into his memory, filed away for future examination.
He calms when John runs a cool palm over his forehead and along his cheek before settling at the nape of his neck. A shy smile flutters at John's mouth and Sherlock can only look on in wonder as John leans closer to him. Sherlock's eyes slide closed at the first sensation of breath against his skin. He sighs when he feels the chaste touch of John's lips against his. He longs to deepen the kiss, to pull John more firmly against him but he lacks the strength and his arm movements are restricted by all the machines. John pulls away slightly before pressing another light, yet lingering, kiss against Sherlock's full lips.
"Yes, I remember! I'll take mine minus the eye, please."  Sherlock watched as John slipped into the bathroom, his shoulders still shaking with silent laughter.
It feels like he has only been asleep for mere minutes when he is awoken by Sherlock nuzzling at the nape of his neck.  John decides he could get used to being woken like this, wrapped in the arms of the man he loves.  The deep sound of Sherlock's stomach rumbling, shortly echoed by his own, is enough to rouse John from his daydreams and to ease himself into a sitting position.
"Did you see him again, Nathan?"
“Thank you.  You too.”  Sherlock realises that this barely counts as a compliment and tries again, determined to express himself.  “The shirt is, um, the colour.. very nice.” He tries again before rolling his eyes at his own lack of fluency and escaping his apparent idiocy by entering the lift.
Sherlock uses the bed controls to raise the head up so that John can see everyone in the room more clearly.
“John?”
Sherlock reaches John’s cock, once again he teases with tongue flicks and light sucks.
“Okay.
John? Where are you? You said twenty minutes, it's been forty. - SH
"Yeah?  Can't imagine he has anything to say to me that I want to hear." John lets Sherlock's hand go and gets up from the coffee table, trying to distance himself from anything Anderson may have to say.
"Who made sure you ate whilst you were working on that Vatican case? I know you usually won't eat whilst working, but you look well, like you've eaten regularly."  As John spoke, he kept his gaze on his plate, instinctively giving Sherlock space to answer.
"I'll send a car to convey you both back to Baker Street tomorrow: notify me when you need it."  With another brisk nod, Mycroft leaves John and Sherlock to their own devices.
“Yep,”
"Look after him. He feels more than he lets on.” Molly's voice takes on a hard edge that John has never heard before and he automatically pays attention. “If you hurt him, the last time you will have any contact with me will be when you're under my knife on the autopsy table. The being dead part is not mandatory."
He reluctantly admires her decision and dedication in becoming her brother's guardian, even if he can't forgive the setting of the fire in the first place. He understands how much time and effort she must have given to keep her brother's continuing existence a secret from their parents, although part of him wonders if they just didn't care enough about Michael to wonder about the lack of a body or whether Mary had managed to arrange some sort of death certificate or replacement body just to keep them away.
“I never said I was straight, Sherlock.”
“John…”  Sherlock stops when John shakes his head again. He realises with some surprise that they are still gently moving to the music and their conversation is completely unobserved.  For a while they simply sway to the music, allowing both men time to organise their thoughts.
'How to be brave?
"That's good then, let me get dressed and I'll dig out some of the cold cases Greg gave me for you or I can help set up your stuff in the kitchen.  It's still too soon for you to be lifting anything heavy."  John swings his legs off the edge of the bed causing Sherlock to salivate when John flicks off the covers.
“Whilst I slept I had dreams, really vivid dreams.
A few light kisses, nothing more.
"Left side of the wardrobe John. Use one of my dressing gowns."
Thanks.”  He wanders over to the dining room table and sits down, his attention focused on his clasped hands.
The rest of the short drive to Blackfriars Station is quiet but comfortable, each man content to watch the streets of London pass by.
John's eyes are soft and warm when they meet Sherlock's gaze. "Yes. Snuggle, Sherlock Holmes. Trust me, you'll love it."
John eases himself further up Sherlock's body until his lips brush against Sherlock's hairline, peppering small kisses along the fine frown lines. John gradually moves down, giving a lingering kiss to the indent at the bridge of Sherlock's nose.
Sherlock queries, ignoring the tightness in his chest at the thought.
I’ve kept my distance for so long, I never thought you'd want me too.”
All those wet jobs for the CIA.”
"More." The word is barely louder than a garbled gasp but he knows he is understood when another long finger slides inside him. The new stretch feels amazing, sending sparks racing through him as Sherlock brushes lightly over his prostate. He groans in appreciation and trembles at the sensation of Sherlock's answering moan directly over his cock. Sherlock continues to carefully work him, gradually easing the muscles loose whilst keeping John's cock in his mouth, obviously savouring each twitch and arch as much as John is. His long body is rocking against the mattress, unconsciously seeking relief even as he prepares John. Long minutes pass and another finger slides in, John barely feels the stretch this time, he is eagerly propelling himself up into Sherlock's mouth and grinding himself down onto Sherlock's fingers; he tries to remain focussed on Sherlock's face but his vision is flaring at the edges from the intensity of the sensations he is experiencing.
"The sooner we get this bloody case finished the better."
"It's your turn now I believe, John. Not that I can imagine what you'd want to know about me." Sherlock's offhand comment is a poorly disguised attempt to mask his increasing nervousness.
"That just sort of ....... happened." Finally meeting John's eyes, Sherlock once again felt suffused with warmth.  It was akin to being enveloped in a soft fleece blanket as a child, watching the first snow of winter whilst hugging his favourite toy.  He knew he was safe, he was cared for - he was home.
Sherlock obeys him and tilts his head down slightly, his eyes fixed on John's face. John reaches up and works the conditioner through Sherlock's hair before spreading his fingers and combing back through, separating the luscious tendrils. Sherlock's eyes slide closed and his lips part, John's name a mere sigh. John continues to run his fingers through for far longer than is needed, loving the look on Sherlock's face and the soft sighs he is emitting. Once again, John guides him under the spray, rinsing away the conditioner before pulling him down for a kiss. Their lips part upon meeting, tongue seeking tongue even as the water runs over their faces and into their mouths, the sounds of their panting echoing around the tiled room. Without breaking the kiss, John reaches for the shower-gel and pours a generous amount onto his hand. Slowly, sensuously, he smooths the gel over Sherlock's broad shoulders, finally breaking the kiss to wrap his arms around Sherlock. He circles foamy hands over Sherlock's strong back, fingers tracing over the scars and his heart swells at the thought of Sherlock's sacrifices for him. Gradually, he trails his hands over Sherlock's backside, loving the way the shape of it fits into his palms, before trailing his fingers into Sherlock's cleft. He feels Sherlock sag against him, long, strong fingers digging into his shoulders before Sherlock presses his face into John's neck, sucking the moisture from his skin before gently nipping with his teeth. Groaning, John guides his fingers deeper until they drift over Sherlock's entrance, teasingly he applies more pressure and the very tip of his soapy finger glides in. Sherlock nips at his neck more firmly, breath coming in short huffs against John's skin, raising goosebumps even in the warmth of the shower. John moves his finger gently in and out, never any deeper, groaning louder as he feels Sherlock trembling against him. Without removing his finger, John sinks to his knees, mindless of the water falling over his face. He trails swift kisses over Sherlock's abdomen before slowing at Sherlock's hips, pressing lingering kisses into the dip of Sherlock's belly-button before easing further down. Sherlock's penis nudges against his chin and they both tremble in anticipation, John's mouth is watering at just the thought of having Sherlock in his mouth. His lips part and he dips his tongue lightly against the slit, Sherlock's taste blooms over John's tongue and he moans deeply, his free hand coming up to steady Sherlock's cock.
Sherlock has paused the disc and the screen shows a slightly grainy shot of the inside of what, John presumes, is Anderson's living room, the people little more than defined blurs. Taking a deep breath, John moves closer to the screen and the details of their features becomes clear. He stands with his hands clutched firmly behind his back, knowing that if he has them anywhere else they will betray his emotions. Bright grey eyes scan his face, Sherlock nods and moves out of the way, allowing John to take the seat in front of the computer.
When they arrive at the restaurant they are led to a secluded table that is perfect both for the pretence of a loving couple and for giving Sherlock a clear view of the restaurant and dance floor. The restaurant itself is decorated in keeping with the rest of the hotel; warm wood panelling, tables and chairs, with burgundy and cream tablecloths, napkins and chair covers.  The dance floor is intimate without being overly small and a raised platform containing a piano and some music stands reassures Sherlock that he won’t be forced to listen to anything too horribly modern or, god forbid, karaoke.
“So, she’s a no?”
it will - then he wants to minimise the amount of discomfort any stubble may cause to sensitive skin.  Sherlock takes his time shaving, checking the closeness regularly before finally deciding he is happy with the result.
The small room fills with the gentle splash of water as Sherlock's hand moves, John sighs and moans at each touch, his body swaying in tandem with Sherlock's.  Sherlock presses light kisses to the nape of John's neck, before delivering open mouthed kisses along the line of his shoulders, tongue stealing a taste as he moves.  His right hand dips in and out of the water, stroking along John's cock, exploring each ridge and vein with dexterous fingers, learning the feel of him and how to bring John close to climax without tipping him over the edge.  His own penis bobs rigidly in the water, ignored for now as he enjoys every element that John offers. John's arms are rigid, his hands clenched against the bath edge, tendons tensed and his moans are almost continuous.  Sherlock delivers another long stroke, teasing around the tip of John's cock and nips at John's shoulder when he feels John get even harder in his hand.  This time, he allows him to tip over, John's hips lift and his cock breaks the waterline, ejaculate spurting up before falling back in the water.  The bath water moves in waves before settling as John's body stills, his head hanging forward as he attempts to regain the use of his body.  Sherlock leans forward and wraps John in his arms, resting his cheek against John's heaving back.
The surgery had been an uncomplicated operation to close the wound site, repair the damaged muscles and to remove any splinters of bone. Sherlock tries to envisage the myriad of possibilities that could conceivably have put John back on the operating table.
Sherlock loses track of how long he holds John; loses track of how his chest still twinges, his back aches, and his legs start to go numb from the strange position he is in.
To keep your child safe.”
“If you're sure?”  John asks one last time before pressing a light kiss to Rosie’s curls, her crown having already found its way to the floor.
“Gethin?”
"John. I've done as the doctor ordered."
“She shot the pair of you.” Lestrade interjects. “What happens next is that I arrest her for attempted murder!”
“Sherwock home soon?”  She queries, her wide blue eyes, so similar to her father’s, fixed firmly on his face.
Sherlock has reclined his bed, its welcoming embrace encouraging him back to sleep, lacking only John to make the experience complete.
Heartfelt thanks, as always, to all of you who read this! Writing this makes me feel extremely happy, hearing that you have enjoyed it too fills with me such joy I'm overflowing!
“Is that clear enough for you?”
John inches slowly lower, his hands pinning Sherlock's hips to the bed in an attempt to prevent Sherlock from bucking him off.  He dips his tongue into the hollow of Sherlock's belly button before nuzzling down through the line of dark hair leading to Sherlock's trouser waistband, licking along the soft skin at the very edge.  John carefully releases Sherlock's hips, grinning as he clenches his fists in an effort to control his wriggling.   Slowly, John eases the button free, before releasing the catch and sliding the zip open. Sherlock's moan travels through his fingertips, the sound is erotic in the extreme and John rests his nose against the wet spot marking the front of Sherlock's boxers.  John inhales deeply and his senses are flooded by the scent of Sherlock's arousal, the warm muskiness rich in the air. Carefully, John draws both Sherlock's boxers and trousers down, lifting the material to free Sherlock's penis.
Their joined gasps fill the air; Sherlock's, one of relief swiftly turning to one of pleasure as he feels John's warm breath ghosting across his sensitive skin.
"Completely." He sighs as Sherlock's strong hand grips under his thigh and pulls his leg up, placing it firmly on his shoulder. John shifts awkwardly but manages to shove a pillow under his hips, shuddering as he feels Sherlock tremble against him. He can tell that Sherlock is rapidly becoming overwhelmed and runs his hands soothingly over Sherlock's sides. This, as everything with them, is a partnership and he will take care of Sherlock, even as Sherlock takes care of him. Slowly, Sherlock's trembling abates and John wraps his arms around him, pulling him as close as his leg allows, it's awkward but worth the discomfort. Sherlock nuzzles into his neck before placing lingering kisses along his jaw to his ear, his breath is more even now, his muscles tense but not anxious. He lavishes the dip beneath John's ear with sucking kisses.
It falls on Sherlock to end what he began and he pulls away just enough to speak, his lips whispering over John’s.
"I am not overtired John.  I'm not still ill; it was appendicitis; it was treated. You're a doctor, you know exactly how well I am. You need to stop hiding from the truth John. You know who I mean. I love you, I honestly do, but not like he loves you, not like Sherlock." Mary kept her words even, calm, her grip on his hand firm. She felt as if a huge weight were being lifted from her shoulders.  She should have done this weeks ago, months even, the moment that she had seen how much these two had needed each other, loved each other, almost on the first night of Sherlock's return.
John begins and then falters, continuing when Sherlock presses a light kiss to his temple. “What is this, Sherlock? If it’s just a one off to get me out of your system, I’d be ok with that.”
"Cold, Love?" John holds back the accompanying remark that Sherlock is the hottest thing he has ever seen, unsure if Sherlock is ready for that sort of (honest) teasing during sex.
"That would be lovely... Then I think we need to talk." She could hear the pause in her statement but she knew that it was the right thing to do. She was home, she was well on her way to being fully recovered and John had been growing more and more absent by the day. Oh yes, his body was physically there, but his mind, his soul even, was wherever Sherlock was.  Those two were linked by a deeper, more profound bond than anything she had ever experienced and she was loath to stand in its way.  John had looked ever so slightly guilty at her words but, stoic as ever, had left her to her idling and gone to make them both a cup of tea.  So typically John.
They sit for long minutes, side by side, drawing reassurance and consolation from each other. The sound of running water and the clattering of crockery breaks through their self-inflicted silence. John tugs Sherlock into a lingering kiss before straightening up, pulling his borrowed dressing gown tighter around him. He crosses to the wardrobe and gets out the deep blue dressing gown, a favourite of his and passes it to Sherlock. John admires the way the blue satin moves over the pale, smooth skin of Sherlock's shoulders, tracing the path John's lips took only half a day ago. They enter the kitchen together, Sherlock, much to John's surprise, linking his large hand with John's own smaller one.
"Inspector, I need you to suppress your instinct to arrest Mary and sit down and listen. Mary will be dealt with in the appropriate manner when the time is right, trust me, Gregory." Mycroft slowly guides Greg back to his seat, remaining close by as he settles himself. When he sits back down, Mycroft angles his chair to subtly face Greg, using his body language to make Greg feel more at ease, included.
Claire-de-la-Lune.
As I have the time, and you're awake, how about you tell me what the hell happened?”
“You were in shock, John.  Mourning the sudden death of your wife, no-one thinks any less of you.”  Sherlock sips his tea, not looking directly at John in case he makes him feel even more uncomfortable.
Why not just use William?”
until the baby is born and for a while after.”
Sherlock allowed the sounds of domesticity to wash over him as he played. Kettle boiling, cups clinking, fridge opening and closing. Never before had such simple noises evoked such a reaction; he could feel the happiness coming off him in waves. He knew that the music he was creating was telling the story of his happiness for all the world to hear. Allowing his eyes to linger a moment more on John, admiring the efficiency of the movements, he noticed how the tension had now left John's body. Closing his eyes he allowed the memory of the last thirty minutes to play again in his mind. He had been bone weary when John had unexpectedly arrived, utterly exhausted from the emotional breakdown of the previous evening. It had drained him completely and then he had spent the whole night examining every interaction with John.  Every look, every gesture, every word unspoken. When dawn had finally arrived Sherlock had been no clearer on how John felt towards him; strong friendship - definitely, but anything more? It had been hard to tell, they had both been too good at throwing up barriers. There had been lingering looks, possible moments of jealousy but Sherlock had reasoned them all away - fascination, attraction to danger and a protective instinct. But now? Now Sherlock knew that there was something more there. When John had reacted with anger at his earlier lack of response - his cool disinterest - Sherlock had known there was something more than a deep friendship. He had studied him, watched him, seen the signs there.  More than just anger.....
“Maybe it’s time to try out a new sentiment, John.”  Sherlock reluctantly lets go of John’s hand and rests his case against the foot of the bed -
"I'm sorry John, but I have to ask this. Is there any chance that, if she is pregnant, the baby isn't yours?"
“I think we should take advantage of the lovely weather whilst we’ve got it and go for another walk, perhaps visit the bees again.  Then we should ensure we are back here for a late lunch, giving you time to observe everyone again, see if you can work out what it is that you’re missing.”  John licks his lips, nervous.  “Then we will see what the afternoon brings.  How does that sound?”
The sound of footsteps pounding up the stairs catches John's attention - every second step is missed, Sherlock's excitement is almost a living, vibrating entity. Case, then. John vaguely remembers Sherlock swirling into the kitchen at the crack of dawn, wittering on about diamonds, hair and diplomats, all whilst typing furiously away on his phone. He tumbles through the open door of the flat, wind-blown and, John feels, looking suitably Byronic; his hair is tousled by the afternoon wind, cheeks red from the slight nip in the air. Sparkling eyes fall upon John and a grin breaks across his face before he is able to suppress it. John's mouth quirks up in answer. Sherlock holds his gaze for a long moment before finally turning away. John takes that moment to allow himself to look at Sherlock, to admire the beauty of the weather-kissed man, before turning his gaze to the floor, a small smile still on his lips.
Sherlock continued to study John, his eyes narrowing as he tried to work out why John was avoiding answering him. John's body language was tense, closed down, his grip on the counter top hard enough to turn his knuckles white, his breathing deep and forcibly controlled. Anger? No, arousal.
“You played?”  John takes a careful seat on the sofa, taking care not to jostle either Sherlock or Rosie.
Never really was a thing -
Returning to the room, John notices that Sherlock has put the laptop down and slipped under the covers of his bed. He waits until John has climbed back into bed before shutting the lid down, extinguishing its light.
For a moment John’s hand remains limp and passive within hers, his skin oddly cool to the touch; an unpleasant sensation that she actively has to fight against to remain holding his hand. A slight twitch, then tightening of the muscles in his fingers indicate that he is becoming aware of her touch.  Briefly, she believes that John is going to actively engage in the hand-holding but her, albeit shallow, hopes are dashed when he pulls his hand out of her grasp, a pained frown upon his brow and a mumbled ‘Sherlock,’ escaping his lips before he settles back in to a deeper sleep.  His face once again calm and worry free.
John repeats, calmer now. “I can’t go back to her. Why would I want to?”
“She was very…handsy.”  John shudders.  “Her feet were wandering up and down my legs too.  I kept edging away, I was nearly sat at the next table by the time she calmed it down a bit.”  He takes another swig of his drink, eyes fluttering briefly closed.  “Her whole conversation was poorly camouflaged innuendo too.”
Their surroundings becoming nothing more than a hazy blur, their focus only on each other.
Whatever problems John Watson and Sherlock Holmes may face in the future, one fact remains true, they will do it together.
“I’m not leaving John on his own.”  Sherlock keeps his eyes on John.
“Yes, that may be best.
Author's Note 01/08/2015
The rest of the short drive to Blackfriars Station is quiet but comfortable, each man content to watch the streets of London pass by.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, his focus on where his fingers gently dance over the exposed skin of John’s chest. “You said you want us for ‘for tonight, tomorrow and every day after that,’; So, as much as I want to take it as said, John, I need to confirm what I think you have implied.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock's heart suddenly felt so light that he couldn't resist continuing his little twirling dance. Despite knowing that John didn't really understand what he had been trying to imply, the fact remained that John had listened carefully, had made an effort, had clearly known it was something more than the obviously stated words and he had stayed. He had not rushed off, using Mycroft's interruption as an excuse to race back to Mary. He had stayed here with Sherlock, chosen Sherlock over Mary.  Sherlock savoured the memory of the emotional vibes that had been emanating from John before Mycroft's arrival. Those vibes were so much more than friendship, even if John's brain were unwilling to admit the attraction, his body had eagerly been putting out signals of attraction. Sherlock's own body had responded, the heat flooding again in memory of the unspoken attraction. For now Sherlock chose not to think about John's upcoming marriage, instead separating his emotions out, parcelling out those of guilt and betrayal to his friendship and burying them deep within his mind palace.  This afternoon he would savour the sensation of John dancing with him. If he could not fully pretend that the reason he was dancing with John was purely because that's what they both wanted, then he would pretend that, once again, it was some foolish date that John was preparing for. Another meaningless woman that John would later not even remember the name of.  John always came back to 221B. Back home. Back to him. Back to where he belonged.
Sherlock rumbles, dipping his head to suck briefly at John’s cock, relishing the feel of him in his mouth, the intimacy of it washing over him.
“You’ve got our numbers if you need us?”  Sherlock prompts, knowing that she has.
“See something you like, doctor?” Sherlock teases, laughter adding a rich lilt to his voice.
Almost.
“John, please.”
"You managed to find us somewhere then? A
“I’ve never been more bloody sure of anything in my life.” John growls, both hands pulling Sherlock closer to him, leaving red marks on Sherlock’s pale skin. “Now hurry up and fuck me!”
And what of romantic love? In particular, the kind you give to the person you plan to spend the rest of your life with.  The parent of your unborn child.  Mary had visited but Sherlock suspects that was only because she was there when John got hurt. But has she been the loving wife since? Has she stayed by John’s side? Held his hand? Pressed worried kisses to his brow?  No.  At the very first opportunity she had buggered off home, expressing no regret, no concern.  Sherlock has no real knowledge of being on the receiving end of romantic love but if that is what it is like then he is glad for that fact.
"Jesus Christ. The poor kids, they led such a tough life." The care-giver in John is dominant and he can't help but wonder how Michael's life would have differed had the stories of abuse been believed and proven.
“Friendly, isn't he.”
"You don't have to like everything we try, Sherlock, just let me know how you feel. Stop me if you need to. I won't mind." John is suddenly serious. Silence is Sherlock's only response.
As his lips caress and tease one nipple, his fingers do the same to the other.
John shivers at both the declaration and the sensation of warm lips brushing against his skin, nodding before sliding away and grabbing his phone. He chooses blindly from the menu, not overly caring what he selects, offering an appropriate monetary incentive for the order to be completed quickly.
“You really are an idiot, John.”  Sherlock lifts their joined hands and trails his lips over the back of John’s hand, allowing his parted lips to drag slightly over the skin, causing John to shiver in reaction. “When will you realise you are an integral part of the Work?”
"Always the surprise John Watson. Always the surprise." Sherlock's eyes were dark with need now, his skin flushed, breathing stilted.  John lowered more of his weight onto Sherlock, bringing their cocks into alignment, a gasp escaping them both before being eaten into a kiss, gently John rocked his hips before again lifting his weight away. Sherlock hissed at the loss of contact, grabbing at John, trying to pull him back down.
"Were you able to ascertain as to why Herr Lechner took the hair gems, Mr Holmes?" Herr Brün still holds the gems on his lap, but he appears more at ease.
“You don’t tell John.”
“Yep.”  Sherlock pops the P, attempting to keep the conversation casual whilst simultaneously hoping John will understand the import of Sherlock sharing his real name.
"Lose the towel and the gloves and I agree with you." In one swift move, Sherlock whips John's towel away from him; John doesn't even flinch, merely stands there in his naked glory - complete with surgical gloves. Sherlock frowns as John palpates the wound area before quickly and efficiently applying clean dressing. With a flourish, he straightens and peels off the gloves and he plants a loud, smacking kiss on Sherlock's forehead before gathering up all of his medical equipment and sauntering into the bathroom. Sherlock is sure that John is putting an extra sway into his stride but is too absorbed by the sight of John's naked backside to think too deeply on the topic.
The kiss that follows holds all of their earlier passion but lacks the desperate edge, it’s a kiss that promises forever.
“I know.”  His words are softer than he intended, the feel of his hand in John’s, soothing. “Just time isn’t always on my side.  Sometimes it’s just too late.  Any chance there may have been, has gone.”
He looks gloriously ruffled, his fringe falling over his forehead.
All thoughts that John had maybe needing to guide a timid or shy Sherlock through this encounter have been obliterated.
“Have….”  John clears his throat, scratches his eyebrow again before continuing.  “Have you ever felt strongly about someone, Sherlock.  Been …. attracted to someone?’
Sherlock can tell by the pointed way he uses his spoon and chews that something is bothering John.
“I'd love to, truly I would, but we only changed your dressing this morning.” Despite his, admittedly very weak, protests John allows Sherlock to guide them into the bathroom.
"I'm not tired Sherlock and you need your rest." John is amazed at how even his voice sounds although he is warring with the urge to walk over and run his hands all over Sherlock's body. The temptation is so strong he takes an impulsive step forward.
Contrary to his urging at Baker Street that Mary was to be trusted, it wasn't something he felt in the slightest. He wants to run and hide, and take John with him, to protect John at all costs. Sherlock knows that he needs to persuade John to go back to Mary, to stay with her. It is the only way he can see for John to be safe, keep your friends close, and your enemies closer; and John loves her. Doesn't he? They had got married, have a child on the way, a home together. She had been there for John when Sherlock hadn't been able, and has been there ever since Sherlock had returned.
"I don't know what I'm allowed to say, John.  I'm not good at empty platitudes and I promised I wouldn't lie to you but I'm afraid I'll hurt your feelings if I tell you how I'm actually feeling."  The deep furrow at the bridge of Sherlock's nose even more pronounced than usual, one hand is wrapped around his mug, his fingers white under the tension whilst the other hand skitters over the arm rest.
meant everything to me.”  Sherlock’s voice is strong and adamant, it echoes briefly in the empty room.
"Sherlock, I find this sort of thing difficult, and I need you to listen, really listen.  Can you do that for me? It seems that music has always been part of our lives and somehow you and I have always been dancing." Sherlock sighed as John pulled him closer. "Whether it's been the sound of your violin, the sound of the blood pumping through our veins or, more recently, the music we've been dancing to, it seemed appropriate that I used music to explain..... Well, just listen."
Sherlock shrugs in response, sipping his water, forcing his eyes to scan the room; unwilling to admit that when it comes to things that John has said or done he never deletes anything.  Three or four of the other diners are recognisable from Mycroft’s files, surprisingly most appear to be here with their romantic partners.  Sherlock files that unexpected piece of information away for later perusal.
"John? Why aren't you packing?" Sherlock's voice has lost all of its previous vivacity. His body language is one of defeat; hands hanging limply at his sides, shoulders slumped. He refuses to meet John's gaze, instead looking at the floor. "I thought you would want to come. I...." He clears his throat, before continuing, his voice hollow. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have presumed."
Turning the shower on, Sherlock waits for it to warm up, trailing long fingers over the faintest suggestion of stubble and decides to shave again.  If the evening goes how he rather thinks it will -
John tried to ignore the frantic beat his heart now played as he typed out a text to Sherlock.
“I’m sure he would, Doctor Watson, I know he, like myself, is an avid fan of your blog.”  The concierge relaxes, his easy smile returning. “Is there anything I can do for you?”
The stitches itch a little, nothing untoward though.”
Sherlock’s words escape him so he continues to run his fingers through John’s hair, basking in John’s happiness.
Sherlock leans against the mantelpiece feigning nonchalance but inside he's shaking, fear of what they may find in Anderson's notes and how it may affect John, tearing him apart.
John doesn't waste his time, or breath, on answering; he simply sinks his mouth back over Sherlock's erection. The taste blooms again on his tongue, strong and heavy, and he loves it, actively chasing it to the source. He moves his hand along the length of Sherlock, massaging what he can't take into his mouth. He feels Sherlock trembling against him and intensifies his efforts with his tongue. He alternates between licking along the length of him and sucking him deep inside, laving his tongue around the head. His other hand continues to pump inside Sherlock, the tip of his finger slipping in deeper as the muscle relaxes. He releases Sherlock's cock and kisses down the shaft before taking a testicle into his mouth, gently he sucks it, soaking it with his saliva before allowing it to slide out between his lips; he repeats his actions on its partner before blowing over the delicate skin. He slides over the length of Sherlock again, deeper this time, growling at the rich taste flooding his mouth. Sherlock is trembling in earnest now, one hand still clamped in John's hair, the other flat against the shower wall, supporting his weight. John sucks in earnest, hollowing his cheeks in an effort to create the perfect pressure. Sherlock is groaning almost constantly, his hips moving between John's finger and John's mouth. Finally, and yet far too soon, John feels Sherlock grow harder inside him and Sherlock stills before shouting John's name and pulsing into John's mouth. John swallows eagerly, loving the salty bitterness as it floods over his tongue, only releasing him at a gentle nudge from an overly-sensitive Sherlock.
Nodding to himself, Mr Rajkoomar turns his attention more fully to John - he looks relatively healthy and has a good range of motion in his arm already. Tension sits heavy on John but years of experience lead Mr Rajkoomar to sense that this has very little to do with his patient’s physical well-being and rather more to do with his mental well-being.
It’s been drawing my eyes all night, quite literally making me salivate.”
Mm-hmm
"What happens now is that we both try and calm ourselves before we do something to scandalise the staff and possibly delay your recovery." John's words are light and full of warmth. He leans towards Sherlock and smooths the overlong curls back from his forehead. "I can't wait until all the medication is out of your system so we can both enjoy this fully."
It takes only five more minutes for the men to be settled in their new room, all machinery up and running.
"For now," Sherlock remains calm, reasonable. "But eventually you have to be seen to be making moves towards reconciliation." He reaches across and rests his hand on John's thigh.
“This is nice, very nice indeed.  It’s a good touch, the complimentary food and drink; the fact I don’t even have to leave my chair for it makes it even better.”  John strokes his hand over the arm of his plush leather seat in First Class, taking a sip of his perfectly brewed coffee, sighing in contentment.  “I could get used to this.”
"There’s a short period of
He reaches for John, wincing at the pain in his chest when he over extends himself trying to lift John from the tiled floor.
John’s hair is tousled, the short silver-blonde sticking up in clumps, giving him a boyish appearance as he falls into slumber.
to be seeing.”
When Sherlock looked again at John it was to see his own face and form being studied, an odd look on John's face. Sherlock barely had a moment to register the look before it was gone, all expression wiped clean from John's usually mobile face.
"Be precise, John, don't jumble it all together." Sherlock's anxiety causing him to be more curt in his answer than he'd intended to be. He flinches and takes a few calming breaths before attempting to answer John's questions. "Attraction I suppose comes first. I have been attracted to a limited number of people in my life, and even fewer of those have felt the same way about me." He fixes his attention on John's joined hands, thinking back to his childhood.
“Yeah..I’ll..” John licks his lips, reluctantly moving away from Sherlock, nodding his head towards the bathroom. “I’ll just, er, go and get changed. Er, yeah.”  He grabs a t-shirt and some boxer shorts from the drawer before heading towards the small room.
And all along I believed I would find you.
Sherlock shakes his head, not wanting to say the words aloud.
"Nonsense. You are the one in the habit of romanticising things, as is evident from that inane blog you insist on keeping." Sherlock removed his hand from John's shoulder, waving it around disdainfully. "Ever the romantic."
John awoke hours later to the rich warmth of an autumn sun streaming through the window.  A strong arm was draped over his side, the palm lying loose against his stomach, a steady breath caressing his bare shoulder.  He watched as dust motes danced in and out of the rays, his heart feeling as light and carefree as the dancing dust appeared to be.  Sighing, John savoured the feeling of being wrapped in Sherlock's embrace and hoped he wasn't just standing in for a pillow, somewhere soft for his lanky friend to rest his weary limbs.
John chuckles, taking in how dishevelled they both look.
Sherlock had chosen that particular moment to return, stating it was hardly the first time that England had been in danger since his supposed death.
"Just because you are 'shagging' my police officer, Mycroft, it does not give you the right to criticise my doctor; or my care." Sherlock glides into the room. John half expects to see him wrapped in a sheet, knowing how much dressing drains him and that the pain-killers are coming to the end of their efficacy. Instead, Sherlock stands proud in tailored trousers and a deep blue shirt. A thin layer of sweat glistens on Sherlock's paler-than-usual skin and John bites back his original urge to chastise him for getting dressed. Obviously, it had been important to Sherlock to appear before his brother in his 'battle' wear; John is not going to belittle that.
People have reacted mostly positively to the change in their relationship.  Mrs Hudson had wept and then run off to make a celebratory dinner that they insisted she shared with them.  Stamford and Lestrade had reacted in similar ways, both uttering words along the lines of 'About bloody time.'  Mike Stamford had grinned hugely, bright eyes sparkling merrily when Sherlock and John had thanked him for introducing them.  Sherlock had expected disdain from Donovan and Anderson but they were both surprisingly mellow, clearly still feeling guilty about their involvement in besmirching Sherlock's name.  Mycroft had merely given a pained smile before shaking John's hand and raising an eyebrow in Sherlock's direction.  The press had run wild with the story for a week until the newest political scandal had knocked John and Sherlock's blossoming romance from the front page.
Have a lovely night, boys.”
"What happened with Mycroft and Michael?" As far as John is aware Mycroft is single and had been so throughout the whole of their association.
They’re a button fly, the material a bit stiff under his fingertips but it feels somehow illicit as he pulls a thick belt through the loops and fastens it at the front, appreciating the way it makes the waist of the jeans sit flat against his tummy.
“Why are you here?”
This chapter is a little different, the previous chapters have either been John or Sherlock centric, this time Mary has a turn.  I struggled to find the 'voice' for this chapter - originally meant to be John's - but as soon as I swapped to Mary it worked for me. I hope it works for you too.
John allowed himself to watch Sherlock drinking, his eyes drawn to the way Sherlock's throat moved on each swallow. Sherlock's small groan of enjoyment made John blush furiously, too many of his fantasies flooding his mind at the sound.
He mutters to himself, squaring his shoulders and tensing his jaw.
John and Sherlock draw their breakfast out a little longer by ordering more coffee; coffee that even Sherlock has to admit is superb.  Sherlock drinks and continues to watch the room whilst John reads one of the free newspapers.  Something is niggling at Sherlock’s brain, something about these people, but what?  What is it?  His gaze flits around the room again, deducing as much as he can before moving on to the next person.  He only becomes conscious of the fact that he is almost out of his chair and pressing his fingers to his temples when John gently pats his thigh, drawing his attention back.
The words are halting and a flush creeps up John’s neck but Sherlock recognises the words for what they are - heartfelt, and some of the tight pain in his chest melts away.
John reacts immediately; his undulations becoming more forceful, rubbing his leaking cock onto the skin of Sherlock’s overheated chest; his breath coming out in loud gasps, intermingled with barely vocalised ‘Oh Christ,’ and ‘Sherlock’.
John surmises, more convinced than ever that he is the man that Sherlock wants to kiss.
Take Mary for example.”
Sherlock wriggles in bed, trying to get more comfortable.
“Perhaps so, John, but you have made me better; a better detective and a better man, more than I knew I was capable of being.”
This was originally going to be a short story, but it got away from me in the most delightful way! Thank you to everyone for reading, commenting, subscribing or bookmarking.  Each and every one of you have made such a difference to me, turned what could be an isolated activity into a joyous event.
The way that he is suddenly dragged along the corridor goes a long way to answering his teasing question and John can't remember the last time he ever felt this genuinely happy in a new relationship, in any relationship, really. There'd always been a missing element, he'd pondered over it on occasion, but now it was obvious what that element had been: Sherlock.
The day that John forgave him enough to bring her back to Baker Street had been almost overwhelming for them all.  John was still struggling to forgive himself for his behaviour towards his daughter and towards his best friend; Sherlock was busy trying to reassure him, the best that he could, and being amazed by how much the child had grown, how much he had missed.  Whilst poor Rosie had fretted and clung to her father, the atmosphere in the room tense.  Sherlock had reached for his violin, improvising a song for her, there and then; before long her fretting had decreased and soon she was nestling, content, in John’s arms. After a few more visits and more violin recitals she had reached out for Sherlock herself.  He had taken her from John, oh so carefully, with a lump in his throat; the whispered, ‘Hello again, Watson’ barely making it to John’s ears.
I hope no one minds the quick update, this chapter just sort of happened, rather like Sherlock and his napkin folding.
"Sherlock?" At the sound of his name Sherlock's gaze briefly settles on John's face before darting away. "Sherlock." John's voice is stronger now, but still rich with kindness, forcing Sherlock's attention back to him. "I told you before. I'm back working alongside you, living alongside you, for as long as you need me." When Sherlock finally meets his eye John smiles, he tries to make his expression reassuring but is fairly certain it just comes out looking worried. "Besides, I need a holiday!" Sherlock nods briefly before returning to his packing; John knows a dismissal when he sees one. Barely catching Sherlock's whispered words as he walks to his own room,
“Mary. Mary Watson.” Sherlock can hear the calmness of his own voice but his heart is pounding in his chest and his palms are sweating, he resists wiping them on his bedsheets. “Whatever she thinks Magnussen has on her it is serious enough for her to be prepared to silence him, permanently. I….I..” He swallows and licks his lips before continuing. “I offered to help her. I believed she’d let me but she wasn't interested, she simply turned the gun on me.  I tried to reason with her. I thought she was scared, in need of protection. I was wrong.  She shot me with barely a pause.”
John's mind seems to be working in some kind of loop, replaying the information that Lestrade and Mycroft had left them with. Vivid images of a teenage 'Mary' murdering innocent youngsters flash up behind his eyes. In these she is still blonde, although John knows that her natural hair colour is brunette but it is long, falling in spiral curls about her shoulders. Her eyes are wide and bright blue, the playfulness that first captured his attention apparent in them. She is more slightly built than she is now, the athletic pursuits of her youth still shaping her body.
"Are you up to this, Sherlock? We said no cases."  John keeps his voice soothing, not wanting to upset Sherlock.
"Mmhmm?" John’s mind is already drifting to how the results of his tests will alter the sexual explorations between him and Sherlock and a faint blush heats his cheeks.
John slumps in his chair. Sleep is trying to call him back to its realms, but he is fighting against it. A night flooded with images of women with two faces, and babies that slip through his fingers like sand, has left him utterly exhausted and in no rush to surrender again to Morpheus' grip. He doesn't need a psychologist to explain the hidden message of those dreams - a duplicitous wife and a child that turned out to be another man's - literally
"Look after my brother, Lestrade." Sherlock's words somehow sound more serious after the light-hearted silliness of the last few minutes.
Sherlock's mind was racing by the time John had finished in the shower.  He was more confused than ever as to what he may have heard whilst in the grip of his nightmare. It was only when he heard a hastily stifled laugh from the kitchen doorway that he realised his body had been on autopilot.  In front of him were two plates of perfectly prepared food.  Scrambled eggs, grilled tomatoes, baked beans and freshly buttered toast with accompanying mugs of piping hot tea.  Frowning slightly, he gave an elaborate shrug.
"No.  Now sit there whilst I get the new dressing."  John rifles through the bag that the hospital had given him, retrieving a sterile dressing, tape and the antibiotic cream.  As he gets himself organised he has to bite down a grin in response to Sherlock's annoyed muttering, Sherlock is obviously feeling much more like his old self again.
Lanky twit. - JW
“Yeah, he came by and picked up our bags, took them to the hotel.
Upon reaching this realisation, John takes a few deep cleansing breaths and opens his eyes, relieved to see a look of patient understanding on Sherlock’s face and John knows, being any shadow of a doubt, that he will never choose someone over Sherlock again.
It's undeniably her, even with her blonde hair hidden beneath a wig of long, dark brown hair tied loosely in a plait.  On closer examination John can see that her blue eyes are hidden beneath brown contact lenses, her facial structure subtly altered via the use of contouring make-up.
This time John was unable to fight the tears off, his defences crumbling as raw grief tore through him.
About Mary.
"And what about Major Sholto?" He glances around the room, faking nonchalance.
"Mary is not pregnant.  She never saw Kalvinder.  She never had a scan.  If she can lie about those facts I feel fairly safe in saying ..." John pauses again, sips his tea and smirks at the annoyance he sees in Sherlock's expression.  "there is no baby."
"Brilliant, John." Sherlock's words cause John to lift his head again. "Of course, you've missed a lot of the pertinent points, but truly, much, much better than before." A small smile plays on John's lips. Of course Sherlock couldn't just give him a compliment! "You were quite right about the age and health. Had been fit and healthy until recently, but the skin on his face is sunken and grey - more than would be expected for the few hours he has been dead - he has not been eating properly. His skin is filthy; the dirt is ingrained - acquired over many days, if not weeks. This tallies with the time he has been missing. He has either been in hiding or else been held against his will. The latter, I believe, his nails are ragged and dirty; he has obviously been trying to escape from somewhere. So, held against his will, but not physically abused." Sherlock takes a breath and his gaze meets with John's, the rest of the speech delivered solely to him. "Not a walker, as is shown by the wear pattern on the boots. Could be a new pair, but unlikely given that these are a few years old; older style, the leather is beginning to crack from lack of regular polishing but the sole shows barely any sign of use. He does use them for walking, but not long hikes, short rambles at the most, more for pleasure than health; in all likelihood to explore the local wildlife. The creatures I found in his pocket need further investigation but appear to be some sort of firefly. Definitely has a good job, as shown by the clothes, well paid, but these clothes are of a classic design and cut, they don't need to be replaced often for him to stay on trend - so he invests his money in clothes wisely, saves or spends his money elsewhere. As you say, single bullet to the heart - kill shot. Obviously a professional job." Scanning the tree line, Sherlock points towards a particularly dense clump. "Most likely from over there, ideal cover, almost no likelihood of being seen in this part of the park."
What the hell had happened? How had it all gone so wrong?
Thank you for all the love and support so far!
"Straight back to work is it then Sherlock?" Despite the flush still colouring his skin, John is now all seriousness. "
“Have you noticed?”
Well that's it folks!  The story feels finished there, with our boys finally dancing, but I do have one more chapter in me, an epilogue I suppose, a bit of sex, a bit of a button battle, a bit more dancing and a soppy ending.
John stutters, seeking an answer.
And the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock continues to be the most amazing beta ever, going above and beyond! Once again she helped me sort out the lefts and rights (I really can't visualise those!) trained my commas to behave and coaxed the shy semi-colon into use!
Sherlock gestures for Bill to come closer.
The purple frock coat is open and frames Sherlock’s lean torso perfectly, drawing John’s attention to the loose white shirt that is open to halfway down his chest, displaying the fine chest hairs that John had admired earlier.
Muscles still firm and defined.
At the rear door of the building Sherlock is met by two more ‘homeless’ people, their ragged, dirty clothes effectively hiding their appearance. He stumbles as his sight to go blurry and his knees give, the drug in the mince pies taking quick effect on his weakened body. The last clear sensation is that of concrete smacking against his cheekbone as he falls to the ground, his surroundings going black.
Physique shown to advantage.
With quick movements, Sherlock leaves his bed and enters the bathroom, forgoing any polite nonsense like knocking or calling out, alarmed to find John sagging listlessly against the shower wall.
"Of course, Sherlock. I'll come and help you cut up some poor little glow worms!" Grinning, John heaves himself out of bed and grabs his toiletries bag before heading into the en-suite.
John looked momentarily sad before slowly removing his hand from Sherlock's knee and leaning back in his own chair.
His attention never actually leaves John even though for all intents and purposes he appears to be firmly ensconced within his mind palace.
Greg answers, only half joking.
I thought Sherlock sounded more pirate-y and it just sort of ….stuck.”
The nurse helps Sherlock move from his position on John’s bed before going to help John, reorganising the leads from the remaining machines and straightening his sheets.
Sherlock is suddenly aware of the seemingly paradoxical actions of his mouth going dry and the need to swallow against the sudden rush of saliva.
John is still smiling when he sees his costume; dark blue jeans, black leather chaps, deep red shirt, black leather bolo with silver filigree and a large dark tan overcoat all hang on the door of his wardrobe.
His voice was bored, emotionless, worryingly flat.  Sherlock turned away again.  John knew that Sherlock was trying to end the conversation and he was having none of it. It was more than a night of missed sleep that caused Sherlock to look that way; he had looked well when he had left yesterday. Now his face was drawn and wan, his cheekbones even more pronounced than usual, his lips pale and pinched, the lower one sore from constant biting. John had not been able to see his eyes but he was willing to bet that they would be empty and glazed. Shit.  What had Sherlock done? Taken? What had caused Sherlock to collapse so completely in on himself in the course of just one night? Taking a decisive step forward John grabbed Sherlock by his arm and pulled him round to face him. Anger was simmering under his skin, making his grip harder than it needed to be.  He knew it would cause bruises on Sherlock's bicep but he couldn't make himself stop.  He needed to get Sherlock to face him, to show some emotion.
"I did try to love her, that's true but I never trusted her, Sherlock. Never." John sighs at the touch of Sherlock's lips to his temple. "I did what Ella advised me to do, I locked the distrust away, at the time it seemed like the logical thing to do.  I had nothing other than gut instinct to say I shouldn't trust her so I put it down to my usual paranoia and tried to 'move on'.  Christ, that was a mistake."
“What will you do now? Will you approach them? Let them know how you feel?” Sherlock asks, knowing the answer but needing to hear John say it.
Sherlock and John are greeted with twin shrieks of delight from Rosie and Mrs Hudson.
John turns his attention away from the fire, eyebrows raised. "The fire? A good couple of hours yet I suspect. Why? Are you cold?" He twists in his chair to retrieve the blanket that rests there, preparing to cover Sherlock with it.
"John." Sherlock hints, his tone is soft but carries which causes John to visibly tense but the gentle prompt is enough for John to stop his delaying tactics. The moment that John decides that enough is enough is as clear as day to Sherlock. John's shoulders square, his chin comes up and when he turns around his cheekbones are defined due to the clenching of his jaw. He looks strong and indestructible but Sherlock knows better, he knows that it is merely a disguise that John wears and Sherlock clenches his hands as he fights back the urge to go and comfort him. Instead Sherlock meets his eye, nods and gently spreads his hand over John's lower back as he directs John over to where a confused Anderson awaits them. Sherlock can feel when John's muscles relax slightly and is thankful he was able to at least provide some small level of comfort to John in his time of need.
Sherlock alters his position so he can see John’s face clearly.  “Oh yes? Can I ask what?”
Emergency at Baker Street. Come immediately. - SH
"I'd imagine pushing you flat on your back."  Rising from his knees Sherlock licks a long, lingering stripe up John's neck.
John’s gentle caresses over his skin, the intimacy, has Sherlock shaking and breathing in broken puffs.
"The soil from Lechner's boots narrowed down the area where I had to search. The fireflies in his pocket enabled me to narrow down the area still further. Lechner's personal files indicated that he often rented properties in the Thayatal area and I was able to triangulate their locations and isolate the area to search. It was John, as is so often the case, who was able to illuminate the gems' final location for me." John looks on in amazement at the unexpected praise. "It was the uniqueness of the fireflies that he observed that made me realise we were in precisely the right area." Here, Sherlock places a hand fondly on John's shoulder, drawing his gaze. "Thank me for locating the area if you wish, but it is John who truly made the difference." A long silence passes as John and Sherlock share a private moment.
"Trust me, John," is all that Sherlock has to say on the matter. He washes his own hands before pulling John's into the water and cleaning them, working up a layer of suds between their skin. John gasps when Sherlock grips him in a warm, wet, foamy hand and holds Sherlock's waist for stability. Without letting go of John, Sherlock moves slightly so that he is sitting on the lid of the toilet and John adjusts his hands to Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock keeps his gaze firmly on John's face as he works him, smoothing along John's cock, cleaning and teasing him. John doesn't even try to hide his reactions, letting them all show through, although he does stifle his moans and gasps, biting firmly on his lower lip. Sherlock releases his hold on John, rinsing the suds off his hands beneath warm, running water. Taking John back in his hands, Sherlock rinses the hot skin of John's cock until no suds remain, his skin flushed dark pink with the flow of blood that rushes to make him hard and throbbing in Sherlock's large hands. With swift strokes and twists Sherlock has John at the edge of his orgasm in what feels like record time. He digs his fingers deep into the muscles at Sherlock's shoulders and somehow Sherlock has the uncovered pot positioned in exactly the right place. John ejaculates almost violently, biting on his lip hard enough to draw blood in an effort to stop shouting out. Sherlock releases his hold on John, carefully covering the pot and placing it to one side before pulling John's clothes up off his thighs. He tugs at John's waist, directing John to straddle his lap before pulling him into a deep, lingering kiss, finally moving to nip along his jawline, stopping under his ear.
"About bloody time, you're going to look like........" Looking up from his food the words die on John's lips. He is suddenly faced with acres of flushed, pink, extremely bare skin, Sherlock's only concession to modesty is a white fluffy towel secured low around his hips. John licks his lips, his face still upturned as he looks at Sherlock, swallowing against the sudden flood of saliva in his mouth.
Sherlock lifts away from John, quick eyes study their position before he reaches for the spare pillow on the bed, John raises his hips allowing Sherlock to tuck the pillow underneath.
“Mycroft’s pressure point is his junkie detective brother, Sherlock.
"I flip your trouser button open before sliding both your underwear and trousers to your ankles. Your cock.." A groan falls forth from John and Sherlock feels him lean further into his touch. Sherlock licks his lips and fights the temptation to palm himself, clenching the hand on his stomach instead. ".. Your cock stands proud in front of me, flushed with blood and just starting to weep pre-ejaculate. My mouth waters at the sight of you, I smooth my nose along the length of you, from root to tip, savouring your scent. You grip my shoulders, not guiding me but supporting yourself as you start to tremble; the anticipation of what is about to happen arousing you almost as much as my touch. I take you in my hand, taking deep pleasure in the feel of you, the solid weight of you in my palm, the searing heat of you against my skin. I trace the route my nose took with my tongue, flattening it hard and broad against you, sampling how the taste of you changes over your length. When I reach the tip of you, your flavour bursts strong against my tastebuds and I have to have you in my mouth. You slide in so easily, like we were made to fit together that way. I tease and suck and lick until you are trembling; I slide my hand back, your testicles high and tight in my palm, before sliding further back and teasing at your entrance." Sherlock stops speaking, his breath coming out in pants. His eyes have slipped closed at some point; he is almost lost to the fantasy.
Author's Note 17/08/2015
“Come along then, John.”  Sherlock turns and starts the walk back to the hotel, knowing that John will follow; sure enough, a few seconds later, he feels John’s hand slip back in to his.  Sherlock feels he really should take his hat off to John’s commitment to the role of loving boyfriend.  He, conveniently, neglects to tell John that is unlikely anyone will be able to see them from the hotel.
“Once I found them again I thought perhaps my feelings had changed, but they hadn’t.  They really hadn’t; but I was too angry to do anything about it, too busy feeling betrayed.”  John shakes his head, Sherlock moves his hand to the small of John’s back, his palm warm and reassuring and he feels John relax a little.  “And then there was Mary, dear
Anderson moves to sit, warily eyeing the items in front of him before nervously lowering himself into the chair.  The file he carries is placed almost reverently on the desk before he adds some discs to the pile, slipping them from his shabby coat pocket. As in all the other times Sherlock has seen Anderson in recent months he looks disheveled and his skin sallow. His patchy beard gives him the look of one of the many homeless men that Sherlock has been known to utilise. Anderson's clothes indicate that there is no Mrs Anderson on the scene and that other relationships have been thin on the ground, if not non-existent for him. Sherlock briefly rubs his own chin, pleased he was able to remove the last of his own stubble before meeting with Anderson. As much as he grudgingly allows that Anderson may now be of use, Sherlock wants as little in common as possible with the distasteful man who sits before him.
Which reminds him of something.
Leaning slightly away, Sherlock runs his hands through his hair, the soft waves parting easily around his fingers and John's own fingers twitch, the temptation to run his hands through that glorious mane almost too much. He jumps slightly when Sherlock speaks again.
"How?" Sherlock's hips were now pumping strongly, his hands fisted tightly in John's hair.
John remains quiet for a while after Gethin leaves, silently eating his first solid food in days.
"Don't be deliberately obtuse, Sherlock. You
John queries, his head hurts and his palms are sweating, he fights the temptation of wiping them on his sheets, unwilling to show his distress.
"Hello John." Sherlock forcibly tried to keep his words light, his temptation to back away from a slowly but deliberately approaching John, violently stamped down.
"Yes, yes, I'm fine," Sherlock gripes, annoyed that their 'afterglow' had been disturbed by anything as mundane as pain. He glances at John just in time to see the hurt at his tone of voice reflected there. "I'm fine. It's just.... " He hesitates, licking his lips before continuing. "The pain killers are no longer at their peak and my body, in general, is beginning to realise that it's not as strong as it believed." He blushes and avoids meeting John's eye. "The, er ...." A flutter of his hand between them and the wall indicates where his thoughts lie. "Our. ...... Activities ...... Seem to have taken rather more out of me than I anticipated."
"No going back." John's words are whispered but no less resolute for it.
"How is it I can see you, but he can't?" The words had escaped Mary before she realised, the sadness in her voice not for herself.
His mobile mouth is spread in an easy smile which Sherlock automatically returns before stretching over to reach inside his bedside cabinet drawer.
Sherlock still appears to be getting texts from Irene, the obscene sound of the text alert shattering John’s peace of mind, Sherlock never seems to respond while John is in the room but the texts continue.
"Sherlock, I don't care where we stay, just find somewhere. If they've got beds, we stay. At this point it doesn't bloody matter if it's bunk beds!" John's voice is curt. He knows he is grumpy, but the lack of sleep is catching up with him. He had hoped to nap on the plane, but what with Sherlock's constant fidgeting on one side and the stuttered snoring of an old man on his other, John is feeling every second of his forty plus years
Moving to Sherlock she carefully wraps her arms around him, mindful of his drip and his injury, before stretching up to press a kiss to his offered cheek.
A few, drawn out, minutes later and John’s eyes drift open; navy-blue eyes meet silver-blue and the suggestion of a smile blooms into a real one. For Sherlock, time stands still.
Yes, so there's a lot of talking. ....... But I felt that these two needed to finally talk.  It's amazing how much these two talk but never actually say anything about how they actually feel, emotions are generally avoided. This was my attempt at rectifying that.
Sherlock nods in response, settling down next to John, his arm along the back of the chair, as the call rings through.  Before long, the cheery face of Mrs. Hudson appears on their screen, perched on her lap and grinning widely is a happy, if somewhat dirty, Rosie Watson.
With a final round of farewells, John and Sherlock collect their bags from the hallway and go out to meet the awaiting car.  Molly, Mrs. Hudson and Rosie all wave them off from the front steps before going back inside.  Something catches Sherlock’s eye as John is loading the bags in to the boot of the car, having refused the driver’s help.
"Sounds like a plan. Back at the hotel, so you can tell me what you've found out?" Sherlock still isn't talking about whatever is playing on his mind, but he relaxes and rests against John.
"John! Please! I can't ......"
"It's this part coming up that really makes me think, touches something deep inside of me, John." Sherlock's deep voice dragged John from his introspection to find him holding a fresh cup of coffee in his direction. Standing and accepting the cup John was suddenly grateful of his firm grip when Sherlock began to sing softly along with the song, his voice deep and warm, eyes closed, a light dusting of colour on his cheeks.  John watched, utterly bewitched, letting the words permeate his skin.
I ‘eard that you’d ‘ad to ‘ave emergency surgery, obviously went well.
"Just get in, John. You're almost asleep on your feet." Sherlock's rich voice is hushed in the gathering gloom and John can feel himself swaying with tiredness, eyes drooping.
Making a determined effort to answer, John pushed the tendrils of sleep temporarily away.  "You're welcome Sherlock."  Affection clear in his voice. John felt long fingers trail down his arm, their path indelibly marked on his skin, sighing in pleasure when his hand was cradled between Sherlock's much larger ones.  Sherlock then mirrored John's earlier action of resting their joined hands against his chest.  John drifted off to sleep with the sensation of Sherlock's heartbeat through his fingertips and his mind full of the sweet intimacy such a simple gesture created.
Sherlock saw the moment that John decided on his course of action, a deep breath, the setting of his shoulders and then the slow turn of his body. What Sherlock hadn't been able to foresee was John's reaction to his deduction. John's lips were moist, his cheeks heated from a dusky blush and his deep blue eyes now stormy with arousal, his pupils wide.
"Sherlock, as much as I abhor sentiment I think you should contact him."  Sherlock turned his cold eyes on his brother, his slow glance taking in his brother's too rigid posture, carefully feigned indifference and his lack of eye contact.
“I’m not happy about this Sherlock but if you're going then you're doing it my way.  Stay right there until I come back.”  John walks towards the door, stopping by Greg’s side and grasping his shoulder. “If he tries to get out of that bed, Greg, you have my permission to lay him out cold.”
But what of familial love? He knows that Mycroft had tried to contact John’s sister, Harry, as soon as John was hurt but was unable to reach her.  He suspects that Mycroft still has people trying to locate and insist, none too gently, that she comes to see her brother.  John doesn't often show it but Sherlock knows that John loves his sister dearly, blaming himself for her drinking.
Sherlock allows his eyes to fall to their linked hands, marvelling that he gets to do this whilst John is awake, observing the way their fingers slot together so perfectly despite their differences in size and skin tone.
John is muddled on some events but he is sure he remembers that.
John redresses in his, now crumpled, clothes, a small smirk tugging at his mouth.
"Heartless, my arse." Sherlock opens his mouth to query John's statement but promptly forgets what he wants to say when John crushes their lips together.
And you look around
"Christ. Sorry, love. You must be famished and here I am falling asleep when I'm supposed to be the one looking after you."  John twists slightly so he can run his fingers through the riot of curls that fan around Sherlock's face.
Sherlock leans up on his elbows, his face flushed. He searches John's face, opening and closing his mouth a few times, before finally committing to speaking.
"The outside of the wound is healed over, John. The bandage is more to provide padding whilst the inner layers heal than to prevent germs from entering. Must you wear the gloves?"
"Sherlock?" John's voice was gentle, his face now devoid of its smile, concern instead etched in its place. "What's the matter? You seem like you drifted off to your mind palace and then....."
"I know that, damn it!" John's temper bursts forth, quick and fiery and Sherlock flinches but moves to stand behind John, resting his hands on John's tense shoulders. "Sorry, I'm sorry.  It's just that a bullet to the shoulder in an active war-zone is vastly different to being shot in the heart by your best friend's wife.  I'm still having trouble coming to terms with it all." John raises his right hand to cover Sherlock's on his left shoulder, his pyjamas now dangling limply from his other hand.  "I want to fix it all."  The last few words are barely a whisper and directed at the floor.
John barely resists snorting at the understatement that
Sherlock mocks.
John leads them to a nearby wooden bench, both of them glancing up at the stars from time to time; it is a moonless night and the stars seem to shine extra bright in the cloudless sky.  For a while they sit quietly, simply admiring the beauty of the night, John’s hand warm within Sherlock’s.
"Yeah, love you too, you daft pillock!"  John calls out, the sound of deep laughter from the bathroom confirms that Sherlock has heard him.
"No. He has other things to focus his attention on now." Sherlock briefly let his hand rest over Mrs Hudson's frail one before lowering it and bending to give her a brief kiss on the cheek. "I'll be home soon."
“I still can’t believe you’re wearing jeans.” John sips his morning coffee, his free hand twitching with the temptation to run his fingers along the outside seam of the jeans in question.
"No, John!" Sherlock's face coloured with the realisation of how his words had sounded. "Your dancing performance! I meant your dancing performance!"
(See the end of the chapter for
“His name is Ilyas.  He’s a research chemist working out of the Royal London.”  Sherlock slaps John’s hands away and turns John to face the mirror, reaching over his shoulders and deftly tying his tie for him.  Sherlock lets his fingers drift lightly over John’s nape as he straightens his collar before realising what he is doing and moving his hands quickly away.
It’s not those first few minutes of confusion that comes from sleeping deeply, it’s hours - and even when I’m aware that they are dreams I still find it hard to believe that’s what they are.
John efficiently strips off to his boxer shorts and t-shirt, the manner in which he does it leaving no doubt that he does not mean to continue their earlier encounter at this time. He can feel Sherlock's gaze upon him and quickly slides under the bedsheets, turning on to his side in an effort to hide his ever-hopeful erection. The hungry look on Sherlock's face is enough for John to know he has been unsuccessful but the attraction he can see there evaporates the last of any embarrassment he had been feeling about sprawling almost naked in Sherlock's bed.
"Mycroft had received Intel that Moriarty, or at least someone acting on his behalf, was setting up operations in Rome."
She’s not the person I believed her to be.”
A good match for you.
"John?"
I'm running out of ways to thank my wonderful beta, Lockedinjohnlock, so, this time, I'll just say thank you for everything, you make me a better writer.
Author's Note. 19/07/2015
Lifting his weight off Sherlock, John holds his hand out, pulling Sherlock up and into a deep embrace.  He gently walks Sherlock backwards until his legs bump into the edge of their bed.  John holds them there and deepens the kiss, chasing Sherlock's tongue with his own.  Lowering his hands to rest on the curve of Sherlock's arse, John marvels anew that he is now allowed to touch this wonderful man.  It may have been several years in coming but John is determined they will savour every moment from here on in.  Sherlock grows restless in John's arms, the desperate cant of Sherlock's hips against his own now very apparent, the broken gasps against his neck where Sherlock has buried his face raising goosebumps on his skin.
"Fuck, Sherlock! What the hell happened to your back?" John's eyes briefly met Sherlock's before shifting back to his body.  Stepping forward he reached for Sherlock again, attempting to turn him for further investigation.
"Why?"
Huge thanks to my beta, Lockedinjohnlock for her support and guidance and being brave enough to tell me when something doesn't quite work.  My writing is hugely better for her support and influence.
"And upon whose orders was Lechner executed?" John winces at the coldness in Sherlock's voice. A long pause follows, neither Mycroft nor Herr Brün willing to claim responsibility. "He was no real threat to anyone and if I had been given access to him, or his apartments, I would have recovered the gems - as I have now proven - without loss of life." Sherlock narrows his eyes and glares between the two impassive men. "So, I ask again, who had Lechner executed?"
Strong, forceful hands guide Sherlock’s hips into a rocking rhythm before drifting on to the globes of his arse, squeezing and releasing in harmony to their movements.
“If there is a child then you’ll need to go back to Mary, be a family.”
"More...... Oh God........ Sherlock, I need more." His words are panted into Sherlock's arched neck. Sherlock responds with a firm glide of his hips over John's. His elbows are now braced either side of John's head, his fingers buried deep into the pile of the rug, his face hangs down and he peppers John's skin with kisses before sealing his lips over John's, the kiss languid and slow. His hips move in the same rhythm, each sure stroke sliding Sherlock's open trousers further down his narrow hips and catching at the waist of his boxers. Slowly, Sherlock slides his right hand down over John's heaving chest, stopping only when he reaches the top of John's jeans. John arches up in an attempt at more contact but Sherlock simply flicks the button open and slides the zip down. For a moment he lets the back of his hand rest, hot and heavy, on John's abdomen; John arches again and again and uses one hand to push his jeans down to his thighs before grabbing on to Sherlock's backside once more. He clenches his buttocks and pushes up at the same time as he pulls Sherlock down, the resultant deep thrust causing the head of Sherlock's erection to escape the confines of his boxers.
“I really can’t be bothered to get dressed and go down to dinner, we should order room service again.”  John suggests, relaxing comfortably on their bed; unembarrassed that they had called Housekeeping for a change of sheets that was done whilst they showered.
Sherlock groans in reaction to the way that John responds to his every touch, the way that he gives himself over utterly, no restraints, no boundaries. After a few calming breaths Sherlock reapplies himself, carefully moving his fingers until he strokes across a bundle of nerves that causes John to shout and squirm.
“You can give me the all clear.”  Sherlock breathes, his hand still in John’s hair.
Bloody hell Sherlock! I'm fine! I'm almost there! Give a bloke time to answer one text before sending others through! - JW
“Lazy arse.”  John chides gently.  He spreads some pâté on toast for Sherlock, holding it out carefully between finger and thumb, obviously expecting Sherlock to take it from him.  Instead, Sherlock leans closer, opening his mouth; John rolls his eyes but proceeds to guide the toast close enough for Sherlock to take a bite.  Sherlock doesn’t miss the way John’s hand trembles slightly, or the way he maintains Sherlock’s gaze as he continues to feed him.  Sherlock gently takes the last piece of toast, his lips brush over John’s fingertips, causing him to suck in a sudden breath.
"The drink is called
"That would be... " Mycroft pauses, flushing before sending a brief glance over towards Sherlock. "That would be a most welcome way to spend the rest of my day. Just give me a few moments to make some arrangements with Anthea."
, too. Always have been, always will be." The moment he can see understanding in Sherlock's eyes, John takes a relieved breath. Their whole future had revolved around how Sherlock would react to John's hand, John's words. Now John knows that they are both envisioning a future together; partners, best friends,
"Oh, I won't! But I said I'd take care of you,
They play companionably for a while, silent except for the small amount of speech that is necessary for the game, before Sherlock reluctantly admits that he needs to sleep.  He’s been struggling to stay awake for the last hour, waiting on news of John; but his own recovery and the related medication have finally beaten him. He feels a level of bone-deep exhaustion that he hasn't felt since his time away.  Then, he’d gone almost a week on nothing but a few stolen minutes of sleep here and there, much good that did him.  He'd still ended up captured and in need of his big brother to come rescue him.  Even now the thought leaves a bitter taste in Sherlock’s mouth.
“Yeah, it is.”
"I don't actually want to talk about it; rather, I think I should talk about it.  I think it's time I started moving forward with my life.  Talking about it with you will help, I think.  You are the only one I trust with this John, not even Mycroft knows all of it and he was there for some of it."
Hand in hand, every inch the image of young love despite their age, they stroll back to the hotel, their pace unhurried.  The foyer is quiet, lit with a warm subdued light that gently guides their way to the lift; the doors of which open with a muted swish and ping, welcoming John and Sherlock inside.
To feel like I am close enough to you
"Amazing." John could not have held the praise in even if his life had depended upon it. Sherlock, lost in singing, was the most spellbinding thing he had ever seen. At some point John had placed his mug down, its existence forgotten. "I didn't know that you could sing Sherlock." The unasked 'why now' hanging in the air.
John is feeling shaken to the core, Mary .... Angela.... Had lived through a life of violence and had gone on to deliver her own form of violence. Logically, he knows that most people who have suffered abuse go on to live perfectly happy, non-violent lives, but he can't help wondering if it is the reason why Angela is the way she is.
"It's alright Mrs Hudson. John is here to help on a very important case, top secret.  In fact it would be best if you could ensure no one disturbed us for the next couple of hours. Come along John." Sherlock's rich baritone drifted down the stairs.
“Not Mary.
John wakes slowly, taking his time to stretch; he enjoys the sense of peace that surrounds him. Really, it's such a shame that they are here on a case rather than a holiday; he'd love to spend such quality time with Sherlock, away from the demands of London. The thought of Sherlock makes John roll to face the single bed; he can't help smiling at the sight that meets him. Sherlock is almost completely wrapped in the sheets, only his face is on show, the covers pulled up round his head like a hood. John can't help thinking how beautiful Sherlock looks, even in sleep, dark eyelashes resting on flushed cheeks, full lips slightly parted and wayward curls resting on his smooth forehead. Perhaps sensing John's gaze, Sherlock wakes. There is plenty of time for John to look away but he finds himself fascinated by the scene before him. Eyelids flutter open, mouth widens in a yawn and finally the long, limber body stretches and breaks out of its cottony cocoon.
Sherlock was roused from his musings as he felt John begin to wake in his arms.  He had seen John wake up before, but to see it from this angle was an experience he hoped to enjoy frequently.
“He’s a caretaker.
Mycroft drawls, his gaze barely flicking over their costumes as he joins them.
“I think you should kiss me now.”
"What brought that on, John?" Sherlock is breathless but his smile is apparent in the richness of his voice. "Not that I'm complaining, mind you."
Mary shakes her head and Sherlock is surprised and a little maliciously pleased to see that she is pale and pensive, her hands squeezed protectively between her knees; it’s the most anxious that Sherlock can ever recall seeing her.  Perhaps she believes she may yet be facing time in prison, he muses before deciding it is of no matter to him, he ran out of sympathy for Mary when she hurt John.
