“Stark. Sorry to keep you waiting.” Fury said, stacking a heap of paper and dropping them into a separate draw. A nod at the seat in front told Tony he was okay to sit.
Later, when he wakes up, they tell him. They tell him how Tony created this thing. He called it the Avalon Protocol. Strange explains it simply.
“YOU RUIN US ALL! YOU DESTROY US AND PRETEND-!” Strange suddenly gasps and drops his head into his hands.
Livid, Steve turns on his heel and leaves, slamming the door shut behind him. He doesn’t bother to turn and see if Tony notices.
me” And suddenly Reed gives him a sick smile, like he’s gone mad. “Would you murder me Captain? Would you kill me as well?”
It hadn’t helped. His marks continued to vanish until eventually he was down to ten. And then his parents died.
“Yeah. All’s good.” Tony mumbled, ducking his head in his hands to hide his shame. How could he daydream about Steve when the man was stood in front of him? He was just...
He lets the coins fall onto the desk and swipes the bottle by its neck and begins to unscrew the cap.
“Fine.” Steve said and with a nod at the rest of the team, he guided Tony away with a hand on the small of his back. “We’ll be in the penthouse. Don’t disturb us.”
The limo started to move. Steve uncrossed his legs and, keeping his eyes locked with Tony’s, spread his legs a bit.
Ezekiel had returned with his most trusted advisors, Whitney and Norman, after a very specific hunt. Tony hadn’t been told any details and of course, he never asked. But he did listen.
Tony can hear the smile in Steve’s voice and somehow he just knows that deep down, Steve is not going anywhere. That Steve has always been there, even if he can’t remember.
Silence filled the space between them. Steve didn’t say a word to that. All he did, was take a deep breath and nod with tight lips.
He could pick out the key differences from Steve easily. Jeremy’s hair was a shade darker than Steve’s, a much nicer blond with way less bright yellow. Sometimes Steve’s hair would look like a buttercup in the mornings. The light would catch it and remind Tony of fields or something. Ridiculous.
“What happened? Is all well?” Tony asked, pulling his eyes away from the Stanes to look back at Whitney who was leaning against the entrance with her arms folded. The gold trails on her mask glinted in the light of the flickering candles. Her red eyes followed him as he made his way to the book shelf opposite the bed.
“Don’t be shy Anthony.” Zeke huffed around a yawn. “We’re all monsters at heart. There’s nothing special there.”
He hopes Steve hasn’t forgotten him yet. That Steve will maybe still remember him after he’s gone. After all, he knows he’s on a timer now, that's how it always goes.
love that got him in this mess. If only he hadn’t lied to himself and admitted that there was nothing left for him from the start. If only he’d been kinder to himself and accepted that his relationship with Steve was dead.
The coughs come back with vengeance and suddenly they’re so much worse. Dark and hacking and foul and something is wrong and he feels it. His body knows and he feels it and it’s
Tony knew he couldn’t do much else then. Steve was clearly calculating something-he knew that face anywhere. At times like that, Tony knew it was best not to disturb him. Steve wasn’t one for small talk at times like this.
”I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.” Ty explains gently and leans his chin on one hand and considers Tony. “I have nothing against it if that’s what you want.”
Tony hadn’t noticed the way his lips were twitching upwards. He hadn’t noticed the way his eyes didn’t burn anymore. And he didn’t realise his cheeks were brightening at the words. Not until Gabe started to smile back.
Hardly seems fair, Tony nearly argues but decides its not worth it. He’s heard of people getting killed on the streets and New York isn’t always the best place, no matter how much he used to take pride in it.
“They’re not listening.” Jeremy sighed and stood up behind them and reached for his jacket. “Call me when you’re done Tony. C’mon Josh.”
“What!?” Tony finally snapped, folding his arms and staring back. He wouldn’t be put off, not because Steve was behaving weirdly-
Other things were happening too. Not only was he starting to feel detached from everyone around him, he was starting to notice things in the mirror.
“Of course, of course. But, ah-“ Pierce took a sip of his drink and smiled knowingly. “Let me know when you get another badge. Might be a little harder these days. There’s just so many young men and women like you, it’s a hard job to decide who gets it.”
Tony huffed and smiled a little, almost with disbelief. How was this his life? “It’s mine. You know it is.”
Wanda is crying. Not outwardly but there are tears running down her cheeks. Steve instantly thinks of his own.
“It’s true. The tabloids, the media, even your colleagues. They all say you’re very loud, and pretty brash.” Steve raised a brow at that and Tony knew that was a blow from his earlier comment. “But no one ever said you were under-confident.”
this even happened and I promise I’m going to murder every single bastard that thought they could take our marriage and corrupt it. I’m not ready to sign those papers.” He said desperately, and tightened his hold on Tony’s hand.
But it could be tender as Tony had just discovered. It could be warm and feel comforting and force every ounce of isolation away.
Warmth blooms in Tony’s heart. It feels right and yet so bright and new, unlike anything he’s felt before. Like belonging to something more.
It was just the three of them. And both Maria and Fury were looking at him like he was made of glass.
“You did very well then Anthony! Norman it seems you were right!” Zeke smiled, clapping Tony on the back firmly. Tony resisted the urge to rub over the area. His back still hurt from Whitney’s outburst.
"I don't know." Tony whispered and couldn't help the way his voice shook. Like he was balancing on a wire and sooner or later he'd fall.
Norman turned to Tony. “You should be alert. If you see a brute of a mummy, a black or grey arachnid close to a scene, keep away.”
“Mr Stark.” Someone tapped him on the shoulder and he turned around to see. It was the agent next to him. “The analysis is here.” The agent (a young man with a high pitched voice) said, and tapped at his own screen lightly. “It was added after the machines were disassembled.”
All of a sudden, Tony’s mind began to form an idea. Just a small, odd, completely unlikely idea that was probably just wishful thinking.
If Mr. Robinson was pleased, he didn’t show it. Rather, he just glanced back at his laptop screen and tapped something else out. He didn’t say a word.
Through the quinjet cameras, Steve watched them fly through the asteroids. They continued to give commentary on what they found, noting increasing signs of space metal. The asteroids seemed to be increasing in size as well. Steve knew, with a sinking feeling, that that did not bode well for anyone on this planet.
"I'm fine." Tony said and blinked once before scowling. "You didn't have to do that. I don't need you to be a knight in shining armor."
“Read it. Get back to me.” Fury finished succinctly and left via the elevator, faster than Tony could’ve called for his suit, and leaving Tony with the strange invitation in his hands.
To Tony’s complete and utter surprise, Steve just shrugged. “So? Why would they have a problem with you?”
Finally Steve spoke, but not before tightly gripping Tony's arm. His knuckles were white under the fingerless gloves, and the squeezed tighter when Steve saw the picture.
Mute, Tony nodded, though the misery was palpable. He looked so upset and like he had lost all sparks of joy. In the dim light of the room, he almost looked sick.
“Oh wait! Before you go.” Tony picked up his juice bottle and held it out to Steve’s crouched figure. “Take it. You’ll enjoy it more than I will. Maybe you can give it to your friends?”
Livid, Tony stormed past him, shoving through the door with a soft grunt. He heard Ben's swears and the chatter rising up behind him but he didn't turn back.
“You can’t. But I appreciate the offer Mr. Stark.” Steve said lightly, tearing the peel off one of the bananas. “It’s not something I'd expect you to understand unfortunately.”
There he settled for a minute, casting a sweeping look over the streets. It was clear and quiet tonight, midnight on a Thursday was apparently not so popular and even the cars seemed somewhat absent.
“You’ll come back home? Back to me?” He says, even louder and Tony wonders if Steve even knows what he’s saying.
It sounds stupid, even to him. But somehow he’s drawn to the idea. Pepper always did say he wasn’t the best at decision making.
“Is it the Avengers again?” Tony hedged his bets, sucking in a breath when Zeke’s blood red eyes focused on him.
As Tony made himself comfortable, he resigned himself to the inevitable questioning there’d be. As always with this kind of thing, someone was going to ask him and he wasn’t prepared. He could never be prepared, no matter how many times he was asked.
“Strange, you need to calm down.” Reed says quietly behind him but something is missing. It’s like he’s lost in his own world of sorts. Like this is some dream to him and maybe Strange isn’t inches away from being thrown into a prison cell. Steve can’t understand, nor does he waste time trying to. So much for kinship between these men. They don’t even care about each other.
That certainly made Tony...pause. If Steve didn’t like Sharon but did like someone else, the real question was who. It couldn’t be any of the Avengers since Steve hadn’t invited them, and it definitely couldn’t be him since he was just...
Tony’s eyes searched the crowd and spotted the missing puzzle piece. One of the camera holders was arachnid kind. But seriously? A journalist?
“That’s strange. Do they have someone with a sharp nose? You’re usually so careful my lord.” Tony pondered, giving Zeke a small smile when the pureblood glanced at him.
“Allow me.” Steve said softly and brushed his hands away to start unbuttoning Tony’s shirt. Swallowing, Tony licked his lips to moisten them and looked away. Steve was so close he could feel his heat against his skin.
Tony wasn’t sure what to say to that. And the way Steve was just staring at him and eyeing him carefully told him that there was no point pretending Steve didn’t know. He was right.
The room began to chatter, the vampires turning anxiously to one another. Tony couldn’t move, he was frozen in his spot.
He barely spoke up even when addressed, he didn’t offer anyone ideas about what game they should play anymore (not that they did much of that anymore) and he never questioned any order on the field. In fact Steve would have gone as far as to say Tony didn’t want to be
“I think I’ll take my leave now.” Tony said firmly and shoved the chair back to stand up. Without even casting a look back, he grabbed the steel handle and yanked it open.
And just like that Ty is gone. Steve drops him and he dashes out of the room like a man on fire. It’s almost hilarious.
“You’re doing so well Tony. Just deep breaths, that’s it.” He tried, brushing Tony’s sweaty hair out of his eyes. Tony’s face contorted with pain and all of a sudden, the anger disappeared.
They were up in the air again. After a long day of fighting against the Sinister Six, Steve felt tired and achy and frustrated and in desperate need of a shower.
Tony blinks and lies his head back on the pillow, staring at the ceiling like it held all the answers. “That’s crazy. I joined the boy-band after all.”
“Steve?” Tony blinked and shifted his head a little on the pillow. Steve sat up from leaning on his hands and reached for the bottle he’d prepared.
“I know.” Ty sighs and looks away like he thinks it’s simple misfortune rather than the colossal fight it turned out to be. “I’m here now though. We’ve been together for months.”
It’s the team. Or part of it. There’s Carol and Wanda and T’Challa all kneeling on the floor a few feet away from him.
The minute the sound left Tony’s mouth Steve’s head shot up. His eyes glowed in the dark for a minute and his mouth tightened into a thin line.
But Steve wasn't fire, or pain or something forbidden anymore. Steve was here with him, and he could feel everything, from the hot press of Steve's lips against his skin, to the scorching heat of Steve's hands as they pressed into his skin.
Didn’t he know? Everyone knew he wasn’t Ironman anymore, and if they didn’t, it was blatantly obvious he was not on the Avengers team anymore. Otherwise he’d be on the top deck, geared up and ready to take the front line.
A hand caught his elbow gently and instantly he turned and looked up at Steve. He looked perfectly stoic but Tony could see the cogs turning in the background.
Suddenly, it felt like the temperature in the room had dropped. Her eyes darkened ever so slightly and she let her collar go. “You think I don’t see through you? Don’t play coy with me Anthony. I will have you and you know it. Your time is nearly up.”
Carol was looking at him with such a sad gaze. Her eyes looked pained and something about her expression seemed resigned. Like she knew.
Tony blinked and glanced at Steve for help. All he got was a bemused look but that was it. So no help there.
Points should’ve been awarded because at least Tony could say he waited till after they were outside to bring it up.
As Steve watched Tony turn, he felt his stomach churn. If Tony left, there would be nothing to say this happened, nothing to even turn to during this time. They were on opposite sides. He might never see Tony again.
“Of course.” He bowed, leaving Tony under Zeke’s care which of course made Tony's heart race even more.
“Shhh it’s okay, it’s okay.” White lies but better than the truth. Tony was far from okay, it was obvious and Steve-
"I hope you're all happy. With any luck, you won't see me again." He said, and ignoring the way their mouths hung open, he turned around and went back to his packing.
“Eat fist, jackass!” Clint cried, jumping out of the portal with Thor and that definitely wasn’t part of the plan but Steve wasn’t complaining.
The day flew by after that. He worked diligently on the calculations, ensuring every single one was right. He must’ve worked at triple speed because when he looked up at the clock, he’d realised he’d worked for hours. It was just past five in the evening. He’d missed lunch but it had been worth it.
So they didn’t like him. That wasn’t new. He’d had people hating him before, in fact, most people did and he didn’t blame them.
“Well. That didn’t come out easily did it.” Mr. Robinson laughed and leaned back against his chair with folded arms. “I can’t say I’m surprised but who’d have thought the great Tony Stark would come to me on his knees, practically begging-“
Still, today was a hopeful day. Maybe this blue ship, with stars and stripes would have someone. Maybe a kind humanoid he could talk to, who would interact with him and maybe want to learn about him.
Lifting his head up a little, he held his palms out in front of him and stared. His nails were cracked from scraping against the floor, and his hands shook minutely.
For a moment, no one spoke. They all just stared blankly at him. All except for Ben who was too busy shaking his head with pity.
Tony didn’t know what to say. He was so surprised by her words that he barely felt his feet touch the ground when he reached the warehouse.
Another police car pulled up and Tony took that as his cue to leave. Call him a stalker but he was a glutton for entertainment, especially considering how limited his creature interaction was. This would be fun to think about when he had nothing better to do than press Zeke’s feet and sing praises.
"I know. You'd do anything to keep me safe. Including take the blame for a fight we both started." Steve whispered. And suddenly he looked so upset.
“Tony.” Steve said beside him but still refused to look at him. He’d been livid since their chat. “Relax. It won’t hurt.”
“Was so worried.” Steve said in a voice that sounded like it had swallowed marbles. “I thought I was gonna lose you. I was so angry but I thought you were hurt.”
“Right. I’d...Okay.” Tony replied quietly and suddenly let a laugh escape, feeling astounded at the whole situation. He’d been ready to leave Steve. Or not ready but accepting. Resigned to his fate.
“Sure. It’s a free country after all. And you freed it.” Tony laughed a little and settled back to leaning his elbows over the balcony. He felt good about this party. It was comfortable and nothing like any of his old parties. He was done with that. He was an Avenger now after all.
Tony choked on his drink, feeling like he'd just taken a direct hit to the stomach. When he pulled it back, he coughed and spluttered all over the place, feeling his chest wheeze in shock. Where the hell had that-
“Yes. Really.” Steve opened the car door and jerked his head. “Get in. And don’t lose that receipt. It’s got the code to collect the suit. “
“There.” Steve said quietly, pulling back and smiling softly in front of him. “That’s much better. Suits you.”
“You must stay here pet. I need you to keep things calm in the cavern.” Zeke snickered to himself, and reached out to stroke Tony’s hair again but Tony wasn’t ready to give in.
They can’t stop the next incursion. They can’t. It’s not enough. There's plan B. There is no plan A.
“Talk to me Tony. Please.” He finally says and he hates himself for begging but this isn’t right. They’ll never move past this if Tony doesn’t respond. It takes two to tango after all and Tony had been...
“Can I help you Senator?” Tony lifted his head up and tried to ignore the way his head throbbed at the sight of Stern's slimy grin. Behind him, a few politicians were snickering like a gang of crows.
“I’m so tired. Just let me go home.” Tony said numbly, unblinking as tears fell from his eyes and his vision blurred. Before him, Steve was shocked, his mouth parted and his eyes wide with horror, anger, disbelief-
It was all lies anyway. They were damaged beyond repair. Steve was his boss now. Their previous relationship was gone.
Tony held up his hand and stopped him. “And I’m totally in favor of that, I promise. But you need to lay off here. Give me some credit. Trust goes both ways.”
Then Steve threw another surprise. “Janice is my neighbor. I live here.” He said calmly, looking folding his arms when Tony spluttered in surprise.
Tony wondered, feeling the metal warm under his fingers. It was just as smooth as before and still made him calmer. It was a nervous habit he’d absorbed, anytime Steve would go on missions without him, or there would be something major happening. This was huge in comparison.
A part of Tony wanted to beg Fury to stay. It couldn’t really be that Pierce wanted to apologize to him? There had to be an insult in there somewhere?
Relief flooded his veins like a drug. It was Steve's voice and he sounded unharmed. Tony almost felt dizzy.
“It’s better we don’t.” Steve said firmly, squeezing his eyes shut at the thought. He could still see the image of the clone in his mind.
Steve’s eyes shot open and met Tony’s and as soon as he pulled away, Steve spun them both and pinned Tony against the wall, pushing firmly until there was no escape.
Steve just stared at Tony. Then, without breaking eye contact, he bent down and pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek. Despite the amount of anger coming off from Steve, Tony has never felt him be so tender. His lips brushed his skin and then he pulled Tony into a firm hug. In his ear, he spoke.
Hands encircled his body and pulled him close. Somehow his head was tucked against Steve’s chest and he could feel the searing heat of Steve’s body against his. And above, he felt-he-
We’re lucky.” Strange continued, seeming to read the room. Everyone didn’t really know what to think and the original team was definitely taking this hard. Steve knew because he could see the guilt on their faces, in the same way that he felt it weighing down his heart. “He wouldn’t have made it if we’d waited any longer. You did good.”
“Scanning now.” Forcing himself to move, he lifted his wrist up and opened his palm. He didn’t focus beyond the watch as he scanned.
Surprised, Tony grinned as an image came to his head. Steve bent over a laptop searching desperately for videos of him dancing. Then Steve going away to practice it until he could get it right too.
"God please, don't stop-" Tony gasped when Steve tangled his hand in his hair and guided his head back to expose his neck. Then Steve pressed soft kisses to his throat, like he didn't want to leave any inch of Tony unmarked. Every touch Steve left felt like a burning mark on his skin that sunk deep into his bones and straight through to his core. No part of him would ever be the same after this.
Tony paused and tilted his head. Ben was glaring darkly at him, even if his friend was the one who’d spoken. The same blond that reminded him of Clint.
“Tony, you don’t actually think I’d hurt you, do you?” Steve whispered, going pale as he did. For a moment, Tony didn’t know what to think. But he knew he wanted to be anywhere but here.
“Jarvis, is the med team ready?” Rhodey says instantly and though he's angry, he still scents warmth and safety as he picks Tony up and powers his boot thrusters.
There’s an odd sound coming from somewhere. Someone’s wheezing. Distantly he realizes it’s coming from him and he falls to his knees, cradling the body to his chest.
They hadn’t really spoken much though. Maybe this friend of Steve’s would be different and after the week he'd had, Tony was in desperate need of friends.
"Are you alright?" She asked quietly, and ducked her head down slightly. "I hear you've taken a leave of absence from the team."
“Sad? Tony, I wouldn’t quite describe this as sad. This is...” Steve shook his head and began to pull off his leather jacket, the same one Steve had worn while they were dating. Steve took it off and wrapped it around him gently, guiding his arms into the sleeves and zipping up once he was done. It wasn’t the best for warmth but to Tony it felt like the exact thing he needed right now.
“Take me with you.” Tony demanded and Steve stared at him like he’d grown two extra hands. Even Maria was stunned.
“How long have we been together?” Tony asks and hears Rogers make a strangled noise. He ignores it for now.
“M’ runnin’ out-out of time.” Tony stammers under his shakes and silently pray for a miracle. What he gets instead is a tilt in his direction.
Teeth sunk into the side Steve had marked him on and something in him desperately wanted to stop her from taking that mark away. But he wasn’t strong enough to stop her and waited for that feeling of blood being pulled. Strangely enough the teeth retracted. Whitney hissed loudly in his ear and it built up to a screech, that turned into moans of agony when she pulled away like he was toxic.
Tony thinks to himself as he looks at Ty while they walk back. He eyes Ty’s hand by his side and wonders what Ty would do if he tried to reach out.
“I understand you own a share in Stark industries. Is that correct?” Robinson purred, and Tony fought hard not to roll his eyes.
Tony thought he saw Steve bristle. He knew he'd gone still too and Steve had noticed but there was nothing he could say. It wasn't his-
“How about the avoidance of that descent into bloodlust?” Norman replied, giving Zeke an unimpressed glance.
“-I’m telling ya, he’s a good one. Kind soul. And when Stevie runs head first, this one will keep him in line, I can see it. He’s gonna bring the best out in him, just you wait and see.”
He reached the next alley within minutes. And luckily there was no one there yet. He had time to settle in the shadows.
“Something doesn’t add up.” He heard himself whisper and he pulled up the initial files to start going through them again.
And to hide that scent of pine. Tony swore he was starting to become addicted to catching a hint of it each week.
“Isn’t that on a full moon though?” Tony swept his free hand in the air. “And I don’t see a full moon.”
“He would also not stop you from doing whatever you want and would never get angry with everyone if, heaven forbid, something happened to you-“
Tony nodded and shuffled closer. “What I did was the highest insult to a vampire family. I told you, I had already been promised to Whitney. They won’t let it go. Their reputation is at stake.”
"I told him to. I left him a letter. And Carol and Nat and Sam and a few others. I told them to take care of you. Make sure you were okay if anything happened, even if I was imprisoned. I was worried."
“I have to take care of my responsibilities. You happen to be a part of that. That includes what people say.”
If Steve was here, he’d have probably made him turn back round. Tell him he can’t just keep ignoring others. But Steve’s not here. Tony’s all that’s left-the forgotten remains in an empty house. Steve was the substance and he was always extra.
“Don’t. You’ll ruin it.” Tony said, darting his eyes over Steve’s hair carefully. It still looked okay thankfully.
While he sat and waited, Zeke wandered around the room, reaching for a compartment in his chest of draws where ice-packs were found. Below that, Tony knew there was a hidden stash of blood bags, the kind that would feed a whole family for weeks.
Happy drives the three of them back to the tower. Tony sits in the middle with his arms tucked around his belly, while Rogers and Ty flank his sides. They glare at each other all the way back.
Zeke’s voice suddenly boomed and the entire room froze. The crowd went silent, and no one even dared to breathe.
“Great. Thanks Tones.” He said and stood up, but not before clapping a hand on Tony’s shoulder once again. Then he turned and got lost in the crowd.
Those lips curved up into a smile and when Tony's eyes flicked upwards, he saw Steve's eyes beaming with pride.
“I-I guess you were always important. T-to me and the team and...” A sigh escapes his lips but then he pauses. He retracts his left gauntlet and lifts his fingers up to his lips. They feel nasty and almost encrusted, like cold sores all over. And when he pulls his fingers away, they tremble and carry a dark maroon liquid.
The strangest thing of all was how Grant could understand him. The words weren’t foreign so they must’ve matched the language in his mind. This man acted like he knew him, but Grant didn’t recognize him at all. Was he an ally or something worse?
“You met Norman earlier and you know Whitney. These are the other members of my family and I’m sure they’ll treat you well.”
“Tony?” Steve asked quietly into his ear and then guided Tony around to face him. With both hands settled on Tony’s hips, he looked him over and frowned.
At the next stop, the group of agents swarmed out but not before a woman stopped and turned to him at the door. Her eyes lingered over him carefully and that's when it occurred to him.
The creature had burned under the light. All that had been left was dust. He knew because he had left his haven at the next sun, and had gone to the space in the sand to investigate.
Tony wants to thank her. If she hadn’t told him that he’d wanted this, he might’ve missed out on the best feeling of his life.
“Why not?” Steve felt the smile slip off his face as he inched a little closer. “Do you think it’ll affect my feelings for you? It’ll only make me feel more.”
“Sorry. Sometimes it-I-glitch. And about earlier, I didn’t think it was right. You know, things left dead and buried and all that.”
That was the only reason Tony could think of to explain why Steve had looked so close to strangling him earlier.
Tony reached up and grabbed Steve’s hand, feeling his body start to go hot under the touch. He felt his breathing start to pick up and his blood start to heat something deep within him until it was going lower-and lower and lower-
” Steve roars and suddenly the pup bursts into a fit of wails, and Tony is caught between trying to move and not letting the wave of dizziness pull him down.
He looked angry. Really angry. Whereas Pierce looked just as calm and pleasant as before. He had a wide smile on his face and didn’t seem at all bothered by the simmering man beside him.
"No. I seem to remember just how much convincing it took. He ditched the file the first time I brought it to the office."
Shakily, Tony looks up and meets the eyes of the angry owner. For a moment, just for a split second, he almost wants to fight back.
"I know that look." Steve said dully. "This is the part where you tell me you regret last night, and that we shouldn't have done it, or that you shouldn't have enjoyed it."
Tony felt absolutely crushed. Nothing could’ve prepared him for the amount of sadness that filled his chest. It was almost as bad as being hit in the middle of a fight. It was like something had taken every ounce of hope he’d had and crushed it.
Steve scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Yeah. Of course you’d say that. Glad to see you’re feeling more like yourself.” Then he let his arms fall and reached over to take Tony’s wrist.
“Yeah...well I certainly try.” Tony whispered, squinting his eyes when the light of the corridor reached his eyes. Things blurred.
A jagged feeling of raw pain unleashed itself in Tony’s heart. Tears of frustration built in his eyes and suddenly he was standing over Steve with clenched fists and a seething gaze.
“I’m okay. My ears are sore and my head hurts but-“ Steve instantly crawled towards him and cupped his face in his hands carefully, ignoring his surprised gasp. Then, ever so gently, he tilted his face to look at his ears and hair carefully.
“We need to get rid of it! Any ideas!?” Steve asked below him and Tony swallowed against the taste of blood in his mouth. Thankfully adrenaline was starting to kick in.
Tony had always claimed to be a futurist. It was just how he was. What he was known for. What he did.
“Oh yeah.” Tony scoffed, feeling giddy at the prospect of turning down the offer, no matter how tempted he was. “How high?”
"I wanted to." Tony blinks and tastes salt on his lips. The air cools his cheeks and he realizes he's crying too. Once upon a time, he might've even been embarrassed. "It wasn't worth it."
He just didn’t have the energy to talk to Steve right now. He was fine on any other day but he was tired and agitated and didn’t really want to see the man who hated him the most out of everyone. Corridor clashing was one thing but this was too much.
He approaches the prime lab once again. This time Carol is there before him, staring at it, like she hopes it will give her all the answers.
Stretching his arms out, he stepped in front of Tony in a twisted parody of their positions a few days earlier and tilted his head back.
His hands felt hot against Tony's stomach and Tony struggled to do more than shiver under Steve since Steve was using his strength to keep him in place. It was sinfully good, like coming close to something you know you shouldn't, or playing with fire when you know you're going to get burned.
“The way you’re being treated. It’s not right.” The doctor said and then leaned forward and lowered his voice slightly. “I spoke to some of the agents in your department. The Commander would not be best pleased if he heard this was what was going on.”
“Who’s the father?” He says and looks at her carefully. “I wasn’t involved with anyone. Last I remember I was dating Pepper but we weren’t even close to anything like this.”
“I have feelings for you. That’s why I want to know. I want to know if you feel the same for me. I want to prove that I can be trusted with your identity.”
Sucking in a breath, he carefully placed the letter down and ran fingers through his greasy hair. What were Steve and Fury even thinking? They knew the government hated him-they must’ve known. And yet he didn’t see Natasha’s name on the letter.
Tony went quiet. Slowly, Steve released him and watched him turn, already mourning the loss of contact. He'd probably lost his chance. It was too late.
The crowd cleared for them with a few salutes in Steve’s direction but he didn’t even glance their way. Tony let Steve push him towards the half-full table and pull out a chair, feeling like he was he was on autopilot. Still, he managed to refocus.
“LIKE HELL YOU WILL!” Steve roared and slammed his fist on the desk, making both Maria and Tony jump. “IF SOMETHING HAPPENS TO YOU AGAIN I’LL-“
“You don’t. That’s why you’re the genius.” Steve said with a soft look in his eyes and Tony silently wondered what he was thinking about.
“I haven’t had a mark for years. My last one disappeared after Afghanistan. I’ve been alone since.” He explained tiredly, suddenly feeling the wave of pain and loneliness he’d faced after Afghanistan appear and rear its ugly head. It had been a while since he’d felt this low.
"You gave me everything. When I had no friends and no real family other than the one that had imprisoned me, you found me and you gave me something to hope for. You gave me a home and I-"
“Yeah. You really do.” And that was enough. Shaking himself out of his stupor, he decided to take the compliment and enjoy it. Everything else about the evening had been abysmal but this had been something at least.
“Oh of course! Come Tony!” She chirped and slid her hand around his waist, guiding him in the direction of Zeke’s private quarters. They left the main entrance without words, and soon the faint voices of Norman and Zeke grew distant. They reached the wooden door.
“I need to go.” Tony murmured and began to drag himself out of the room, if only to just have a moment alone. Being around Steve like this was not reassuring to say the least.
For ten minutes, Tony pleaded and did everything to get the guy to at least talk to him or hear him out. Eventually the guy just shut the blinder on him and switched off the light. Everything went pitch black except for the neon sign.
, Tony repeats in his head, over and over while Ty smiles warmly and gets the bill. An odd match because he’s Captain America.
“I want to try. I’m not as angry as before but I am upset. You let me down and hid the truth. But...” He sucked in a deep breath, twisting his fingers in the chain. “I was really upset about the divorce papers. I guess that was a final blow I didn’t expect. It made me seriously think you didn’t care at all.”
“Ah.” Zeke clucked his tongue and let his hand cup Tony’s cheek. “You lie. Your body tells me, but do not worry.”
“I’m worried about his mental state, Commander.” He said in a low tone like it was some dirty little secret. Maybe because that’s what he was. Their dirty little secret.
“Why were the investigations team so sure it was this warehouse?” Tony asked and squinted at the screen. “There’s hardly anything on here.”
"This is real Tony. Otherwise you wouldn't imagine me doing that." Steve says quietly, sounding resigned, like he knows the truth. And what makes this real.
They’d suggested a probation for the Illuminati members. Avengers positions but under strict measures. Curfew and monitoring. But avenging nonetheless.
No. This was a mission. He had to find out why he was going instead of the spies. Really, what did the bosses want him to do?
“They’re not vampires pet. But they’re a group of creatures who claim to restore order to an unjust world. As if they can decide what is right for our kind.” He scoffed, reaching under the table to pull out a glass and a bottle of whiskey. Carefully, he poured out a measure and screwed the cap shut.
There were screams in the distance. The snake like grip on his body slid loose and felt like it was being yanked away. The barely present sensation of Whitney’s nails making him bleed disappeared. Around him, sounds started to reappear in brief flashes.
“What’s the problem with soul marks? They’re a huge part of society. Is it such a bad thing that people can actually find something close to love!?”
He turns on his heel and leaves before she can. It doesn’t matter because he doesn’t want to hear what she has to say. It’s only been a month after all.
“Tony, can you hear me? Tony?” Steve pressed his ear to Tony’s chest and felt the slow rise and fall. And when he lifted his head, he saw Tony’s eyes start to move. Slowly, those pale lids started to flutter and Steve felt his hands shake because those dark circles were so prominent, it was almost horrifying.
The guard lowered his hand from his com and regarded them. Then he ducked his head a little in Steve’s direction.
.” Steve whispered lowly, slowly wading towards him and Tony felt himself freezing when Steve approached him. Tony was about to open his mouth and ask what was wrong when-
“How come you know so much about me?” Tony whispered, barely making a sound as he basked in the feeling of the arms around him. He wanted to stay like this forever, feeling safe in this place with a warm heart beating in his ear. The warm heart of a kind man who knew what he needed.
The letter is in his mind. Thoughts of the ocean and a kind smile of a man that once knew him. The flags dipped in red.
“Well tough, it’s Tony’s choice.” Ty says and rolls his eyes. “Better keep your hands off him though. I know how you people think-all alpha, no care for omegas.”
Then one day something did happen. They’d been out fighting AIM agents when things went south. Tony had made a critical mistake. He’d taken out a few agents and in a moment of distraction, had dropped onto the ground and had turned to look for Steve, leaving himself wide open at the back.
And with that, Tony slipped his other hand around Zeke’s neck and pulled sharply. Zeke was dead within seconds.
“No, don’t. He doesn’t need the trouble.” Tony said quickly, knowing he’d been caught red-handed. Funny, he didn’t think he could still feel shame.
Neither had been, but Yinsen’s death broke something in him. Iron man was born but Tony Stark had been buried somewhere deep in the sand where the last scraps of the Mark 1 lay. Somewhere, sometime during the heat and the sand, the weight of his actions and the dust under his feet, he’d trudged through the burning desert in a last ditch effort to save himself from the inevitable.
Glancing at Sharon, Steve watched her switch through the logs and sighed. He knew she’d been angry the minute he overrode her orders to let this one go to the Avengers and space division in Shield. It hadn’t been right to cut through the chain but he’d had no choice. This was personal.
Tony thought with an ache in his stomach as he felt Steve’s arm wrap around his shoulders gently and pull him close. Maybe in some other world a Tony and a Steve could be together. Maybe that Tony would’ve been stronger, and would’ve come out of Afghanistan whole instead of broken. Maybe they were a stronger, better person than he was.
“Right, I’m coming.” Tony said quickly and stepped out of the lift to follow the sharp heels of the assistant. A frown appeared on his face when he realised she wasn’t even stopping to hold the glass doors open. By the third door, he quickly realised she didn’t like him, much like the reception staff and guards at the front hadn’t.
“Right.” Tony glanced down at the stain on his tie before looking back up. “Sorry, I didn’t even think. I’ll get it dry cleaned and returned to you as soon I-“
Instantly Tony felt on the back foot. Steve’s expression was fierce and he seemed tense like he was seconds away from grabbing him or something and Tony really didn’t know what to make of it. For a second he even wondered if Steve knew what he was thinking,
Tony tries to pull away then so that he can get to his bottle. His ticket to freedom, an escape from this Hell. He's Icarus flying towards the sun, so close he can taste it.
Steve paused and looked up at him with a carefully blank expression, but somehow Tony wondered if maybe Steve was laughing at him. “You okay?”
Tonight is a night spent on a side bench beside an alley that looks likes it’s not been visited for years. Huddling in for the night, Tony brings his feet up and tries to find a cosy enough position on the bench to lull himself to sleep. The cool metal digs into his sides through his thin jacket and as time continues to tick away, Tony finds himself shaking harder and biting his lips more fiercely.
Reluctant, Tony nodded. “No problem. I can get something organised. Give me time and I’ll have it sorted.”
“Tony.” Steve breathed, having stopped right in front of him. Then, without saying word, Steve leaned over and hugged him tight.
clear, trust me. Only Thor knows and he recognized it too so. And I’ve only ever had one mark as everyone who wrote the history books knows-“
“Mmmm. Oh my god, this is so good.” He licked the fork and bit into more of the bacon. It was perfect and he'd been
To say Steve had panicked was an understatement. The fact that the fight had ended in under six minutes after that was telling.
Just as he took the suit, all neatly pressed and wrapped in a clothes protector, and began to turn, Happy stopped him with a hand on his wrist.
“I’m taking you home.” Steve said suddenly and stared him down like he was rearing to shut down any protest.
“Of course. We take care of our own.” He said and slipped a warm hand around his shoulders and walked them away. Tony was sure he could still feel Fury’s eyes on his neck but he didn’t turn back.
Some time between being declared an Avenger and that conversation with Steve, Tony’s awareness of the situation had heightened.
The Avengers, led by him stand tall and organised in a line. Shield representatives are here too as well as some of the new Avengers from the other teams. Then, one by one, the Illuminati-the
Rage and sorrow almost boiled over. It threatened to spill until there was no saving him. He couldn’t lose control and he couldn’t show it. At least not here.
“Don’t mention him here. He hasn’t even bothered to show up for the truce. He doesn’t give a shit. He doesn’t have a place on the team anymore.”
His body is limp in Steve’s arms. His lips are parted like he had something to say but never got to finish.
Maria opened and closed her mouth a few times. Then her eyes narrowed. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Oh I loved it. There’s no problem, I’m perfectly fine with that.” Tony snickered, poking a little at the mark again. He was starting to think he was becoming obsessed with it a little.
Tony’s had enough. Frankly this can’t continue and it’s clear that something's gone massively wrong.
“Here, have a seat.” Tony said quietly and quickly got up to let the man take his place. As soon as he did however, Gabe grabbed his arm by the cuff and shook it firmly.
With a sigh, Maria let her hands fall to her hips. She seemed exhausted herself to be fair, and Tony almost felt bad for her. Then again, it wasn’t like he knew her that well.
“You think?” Tony replied, letting Steve right him and guide him towards the door. Where were they? Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen this place before.
He’s distorted himself. Somewhere in his perfect, fulfilling life, he’d lost his way. Everything had suddenly meant nothing and not even Steve had been able to help him in the end.
“Thanks.” He whispered, feeling sluggish. It was harder to muster up more energy and Tony figured the blood loss had something to do with it. He was weirdly cold so even the heat from Steve’s arm felt nice.
Tony almost wanted to comfort him and reassure him that he knew. Steve didn’t care about him anymore. That wasn’t the relationship they had now.
Maybe Captain America...maybe Steve Rogers loves him after all. Maybe Captain America is his alpha after all.
“I don’t want to leave this. I love you. That hasn’t changed no matter what’s happened between us. You’re the best part of my life.” Steve murmured into his ear, squeezing him tighter. “You’re my other half Tony. Don’t leave me.”
In the morning he comes back with marks on his body and tears on his cheeks. He aches something awful and knows he’s made a colossal mistake. This is something he’ll never do again.
Thankfully when he arrived at the cafeteria, there was plenty of food. Majority of the tables were filled with Shield agents and once Tony collected his food (simple roast chicken with vegetables and potatoes), he struggled to find somewhere to sit.
With a huff, Maria tugged him around and guided him forward with a hand pressed against his back. The resounding footsteps followed him as he was frogmarched to the door. One of Maria’s underlings knocked and moments later, the opaque glass door slid open.
The plans for a Dyson sphere lay before Steve on the table. Reed’s lab on the Helicarrier is heavily monitored but Steve prefers to come in and find out what’s happening at least once a day.
Jeremy was obviously better boyfriend material. And with any luck, he’d make a better boyfriend altogether.
Something hardened in Steve’s gaze. His blue eyes turned to steel even despite the pain lining his face.
“Why’d you do it?” Tony blurted, snapping his eyes open to glare harshly at Steve through bloodshot eyes. His chest was killing him but he wasn’t letting this go.
“Isn’t he perfect? A perfect pet for us. And when we bond him, we’ll have that sweet gaze turned our way. Wouldn’t that be lovely?” She purred and finally the realization hit.
“Thank you Steve. I actually don’t have this so...thanks.” Tony said honestly and found himself turning his wrist to catch the light in the dial. It looked very sleek.
“Name?” The big burly man in a black suit with a com grunted, not paying them much attention. The other guards didn’t say a word, simply re-adjusting their grip of their guns.
“Hmm good. That smells so good.” Tony sighs and closes his eyes for a moment, just enjoying the softness of the material around him and the scent of Steve.
“You’re not-“ Steve tries desperately but Tony just smiles. Or at least he thinks he’s smiling. It's been a while.
Steve insisted he spend at least a few days in the medbay. Now that they had opened up to the possibility of being closer again, Tony found Steve being around him constantly. Not in a bad way, but more in a 'You're not leaving my sight until you're okay', kind of way.
." Tony said firmly and wrapped one of his arms tight around his waist to keep himself upright. Not that it mattered much anyway.
"I spoke to Carol. She said you called yourself a traitor." Steve said, like he was being forced to choke on marbles.
Not long after, Afghanistan happened. For a short while, Tony had wondered if maybe, by some cruel twist of fate, Yinsen was a carrier of one of his marks. Or worse, Raza.
“You misunderstand me. It’s not the company I’m interested in. I have my own you see.” Robinson shook his head and closed the lid of his laptop with a loud click. Then he eyed Tony up and down with laser focus.
It was a mistake. the second he pushed himself out, his vision spun and his head felt light. If Steve hadn't caught him, he would've fainted.
Steve seemed kind at heart. Tony felt he was a good man who wanted to help people. Despite struggling to keep his body from shaking, he felt safe around him.
“Thank you Whitney. But I must accept the punishment. Zeke’s words are just and I have wronged him.” He replied, ducking his head down in every attempt to show his shame. Good little vampires did as they were told by the father, and he was
From the rubble, the Avengers emerged like the heroes they were. Tony could see not just Carol and Thor, but also Wanda, and the Falcon and several others.
Donning the role of Ironman again was a strange feeling. When he’d put on the suit during the attack, he’d done it because of the guilt and fear that something would happen, but also because someone had pushed him to make that first step, even if it hadn’t been with his best intentions in mind.
“I think we both know why. We need something permanent.” Tony says quietly and looks at the letter on the desk in a new light.
Captain.” Tony spun around, pointing a finger at the nonplussed wolf. Steve grumbled a little and folded his arms but his tail started drifting around Tony again.
He knows he shouldn’t be here. Steve should be. He should be alive and standing right here, telling the world that Iron man was a hero, or maybe that he tried to be.
Steve's other hand curled around his waist and pulled him close. Tony's breath caught and for a moment, all he could do was stare at the man lips that were just mere inches away.
Nothing seemed to make it better. Not even the reassurances of his team that things would be alright. Nothing worked.
“You didn’t sleep last night.” Steve said, and instantly looked like he regretted saying anything. His expression went pinched and he folded his arms like he was trying not to let it slip that he seemed to care.
“Yeah. I needed one after Afghanistan. Rhodey’s idea.” He admitted quietly and risked a weary glance in Steve’s direction, waiting for the inevitable onslaught of disbelief and cutting comments about how there were men and women out there who had been through far more than he had. What he saw however, was much more than he’d hoped for.
The first; that it was the complete opposite of the cavern. It was warm and brightly lit, with earthy browns and reds and modern furniture that was laid out in a homely way.
“I had Maria investigating. Then we found out you had been visiting various competitors. When we saw no change in market products or branding, we started to look into it a bit more.” Steve blew out a breath and looked away. “Sorry.”
“You’re about as mule-headed as he is. Maybe it’s a thing with you superhero types.” He huffed but passed the napkin into Tony’s hand and gestured at his eyes.
They get an incoming three weeks later. The Ironman armor is flying towards them at record speed. It’s the black and gold model that Steve had started to get used to but it’s not his favorite. He preferred the red and gold.
“Well you always enjoy these sorts. Frankly, I find the screaming distasteful.” Norman said lightly, observing his nails with a half-closed gaze.
“This is...unexpected.” Reed says quietly and turns to face him. Behind him, the image of Captain America and Ironman, arm-in-arm, stood in front of the Avengers team, stares back at him.
“Boy, you dare-!” Zeke snarled, raising his hand in the air and Tony instinctively flinched. Thankfully Norman stepped in and grabbed his hand before it connected.
He waved away Tony’s words, shifting his legs a little more comfortably so that they draped over the seat. “Oh no worries! Like I said, I’m just glad you’re okay.” Peter tilted his head and clicked his mandible pointing at his clothes. “I see Cap’s already made his claim.”
If Fury was affected by the insinuation, he didn’t show it. But his shoulders did drop at the words.
“How long until we’re done here?” Tony asked finally, balancing the now empty glass in one hand. His mind felt sluggish and fed up. Drained from the amount of revelations that had happened over evening.
Somewhere, some journalist is laughing at him. Probably mocking up a sketch of him as the average Joe.
“Thanks.” Tony murmured, resisting the urge to gasp as Steve’s thumb brushed over his wrist. The touch sent a hot wave of tingling up his arm and a shiver ran down his spine.
“You’ve just suffered a severe case of bond shock. It’s nothing to be embarrassed about Mr. Stark. In fact when I-“
“The doctors told me you were in stress when you arrived and you passed out during the procedure because your blood pressure dropped. It was only for a minute but still...” Steve takes a shakey breath and hugs him close. “You had me really worried there. Especially because you went into labor early.”
Steve’s hands clench. Vines slide over his hard and squeeze so hard it burns. The thorns dig in and feel like agony.
“That’s Ben alright. He’s a bit rough around the edges but you’ll get used to him. Just follow what I tell you, and you’ll be fine.”
Steve hadn’t known what he was saying. He hadn’t had any idea what he was doing. That hadn’t been far.
“Yeah.” Steve whispers and reaches out to take his hand under the blanket. Steve’s hand feels warm and so much like home around his and suddenly Tony can remember all the times someone would turn away and not even spare him a second glance.
When he finally reached the cavern, he stopped and pressed a hand to his chest, calming his breathing.
Tony had almost fought with Steve because he refused to tell him. For his safety. That was the biggest clue.
A while later, as Tony was making his way to the punishment room, he caught a glimpse of the twins lurking in the corridor. He thought he saw the same resignation in their eyes as he probably had in his own. That was why he'd fed them after all.
“Yes. I’m the Captain. And these are the Avengers.” Steve explained and straightened his chin. The effect was somewhat lost as a werewolf. “I would’ve told you if you’d accepted my invitation. I didn’t exactly hide it.”
Tony was alone in the lab when Steve walked in. And he’d had every intention of trying to be civil and discuss their issues, or at least start to, until-
"I don't feel the same way towards you as I do Iron man." Steve admitted, watching Tony's eyes dim and his lips fall, despite his earlier courage. "But I do feel something else."
“So you see that mummy there? The huge one with the helmet? That’s Thor. He’s my wrestling buddy. He’s not from around here but he’s learned to adapt pretty well. Makes a good member of the team.” Steve said proudly and something about the phrasing made Tony pause.
He needed to work with these people and get more comfortable being around them but that would never happen if what happened yesterday kept happening. He had to find some common ground or he’d never get anything done.
“How is he?” She asked quietly after a brief nod, and more emotions flooded her eyes than Steve had ever seen. Again, he could not blame her.
Not wanting to look a gift horse in the mouth, he reached out with shaky fingers and grabbed the bowl. Then slowly he began to eat.
ony thinks tiredly, feeling his eyes drift from the name imprinted on his wrists to the blond of Steve's hair.
“Excuse me gentlemen. Mind telling me when the commander will get here?” Tony said politely. From the small circle they’d formed, they all stared at him in muted horror, as if he’d committed a crime. Maybe defaced the shield logo or something.
“What? No. I meant about buying me a suit worth thousands of dollars! You realise I’m rich right? I can afford it. You didn’t have to pay!”
Tony didn’t say anything for a moment. But then, he shifted a little and opened his eyes again. This time, they met Steve’s instantly.
The guard also glanced at Tony but instead of saying anything, he simply wrinkled his nose and turned around. Tony frowned but didn’t say a word, silently wondering what the guy's problem was.
“It’s whatever you want it to be. I just thought I’d put it out there, especially now that I’ve seen what you can do. And seeing as you like Janice enough...” Steve grinned, blatantly enjoying how uncomfortable that made him feel.
“Can we get it back up?” Tony asked and felt his stomach twist anxiously when Andrew shook his head.
Iron man hadn’t told him. Steve had never asked before and after months of pining, he’d not only been pushed back he’d also been rejected. It was a pain unlike anything he’d ever felt. Like drowning in air, or feeling helpless when he first came out of the ice.
“Yes, sweetheart. Of course it’s me.” Tiberius Stone says softly and steps closer until he’s standing beside him. Carefully he kneels beside the bed and holds out his hand. “You had quite a knock sweetheart, but I’m here.”
Just as he was about to leave to go somewhere else, he spotted Ben, Trish and Sam sitting on a table and chatting, along with two other women in the group.
“I don’t know that! All I know is that you could get hurt and it could be my fault!” Steve roared back, equally fierce like a lion defending its family. Steve always did have a certain presence about him.
"I'm sorry." Tony breathed and looked up, feeling his eyes start to burn. "I was just trying to keep you safe. That's all."
Tony reached for his water and tried to smile. He didn’t want to offend Steve at all so tried to keep things mellow. So far so good. “It was good! I finished a few projects Fury wanted me to do, did a lot of gear building and joined the one Skype meeting I’d promised to do. So all in all it’s been pretty good.”
“I love you too. And I don’t want you to ever forget that. War and all.” Steve said and leaned in to press his lips to Tony's. "We're in this together. Just like we should've been. Like we always have."
“Yep. Hence my no kill streak.” Tony clucked lightly, rocking on the balls of his feet nonchalantly. “Still need my fix you see.”
"But I was the one who-!" Tony cut himself off when Steve shook his head, and Tony knew Steve had to get whatever it was, off his chest.
Approving, Steve nodded his head and gestured back to the bench. Tony accepted the invite and sat back down.
Tony instantly shrinks back into the pillows, and sees Steve notice the action with a livid expression.
He wondered if she even remembered what she looked like anymore. He’d always wondered how someone so vain could go so long without a mirror.
Steve moaned and continued to go further, enveloping Tony like he was a gift. The thought made blood rush to his ears and through the stars in his eyes, he saw Steve looking up at him, watching his every reaction, like Tony was all that mattered.
Sadly, like all things the day came to an end, and as planned, Tony and Steve headed back to the research quarters since Tony was well enough to go back and sleep there.
Oh. He'd heard that tone before. When Steve had accused him of being a leech at the start. Steve had apologized for that several times of course but the sadness Tony had felt after would be hard to forget. Tony knew what it felt like to be judged as something you weren't. This kid didn't deserve to feel like that.
The men mumbled as they stepped past Maria. Soon enough it was just Maria and her group. So many groups.
Plastering a winning smile on his face, he stepped out of the limo and gave the crowd a wave. Ahead of them was another pair-a man and a woman tucked, arm-in-arm as they walked with their heads held high to the entrance. But the paparazzi had abandoned them for the obviously shinier toys. Tony’s smile broadened as the cameras found him.
“Yeah, I got that.” Tony snapped tiredly but couldn’t stop looking at Steve. The soldier seemed just as fixated on him and suddenly Tony wanted a moment alone with him. Even just a few minutes to talk.
"Yeah. I guess Steve-the commander must've filled it out for me." Tony replied and stuck his hands in the hoodie pockets. "Just a little break. Nothing to worry about."
Who was he trying to keep himself clean for anymore? No one saw him and no cared. Not even Steve anymore.
He understood. It had been incredibly tough to decide who would see Tony through his heat but in the end, the choice had been obvious.
Steve wasn’t going to forgive him, that much was clear. He wasn’t an avenger so he wouldn’t see them. Wasn’t this relying too much on Shield agents being willing to tolerate him?
Tony’s mind filtered through the possibilities. Finally he settled on the most likely one. Leaning forward, he bit his lip and spoke quietly.
With a huff, Fury clinked their glasses. He wasn’t smiling, but it was a damn near thing and Tony thought he saw something lift off his shoulders. “Doesn’t change the pants on these monkeys.”
Pulling away, Steve held Tony at arms length and ran his eyes over him. Tony’s eyes were red but his shoulders were loose and his eyes seemed brighter than any of them had seen in the last month.
Steve’s eyes flickered from the bottle to Tony’s face. Then he licked his lips and took it silently.
“You see Rogers? You see what you have done!? The omega can’t even do his most basic task! He can’t even get up, all because of the stress you put on him!”
“I thought you hated it.” Tony said quietly and exhaled shakily when Steve pulled him off his lap gently.
“Thanks Winghead.” Tony replied, and looked at the screen again. The red dot had stopped. “You in position?”
Finally Zeke spoke. “Alright. Settle down. He’ll go. But there will be strict rules. For one, he must wear armor.”
“I’ll be back with that water.” Tony promised and pulled back when Gabe smiled at him. Tony almost thought he looked proud but it was probably just his mind playing tricks on him.
Eying Steve carefully, he made a point to raise a brow before looking down at the box. Slowly he pulled the top off and looked inside.
Tony felt his body start to sweat. “Sorry, sorry I was just kidding, I didn’t mean anything by it, I-“
“You’re not some big shot anymore.” She said, tightening her grip on the remote like she wanted to break it. “You may act it, but you’re not an Avenger anymore. And you aren’t Ironman. You’re nothing. Time to own up to it.”
“Shut up, Jeremy.” Tony snapped and went toe to toe with Steve. “This is my restaurant. Now you need to leave, before I make you.”
“I want to know. I keep wondering.” Steve continued gently but with just a hint of force to make it clear. He wanted to know. It was important to him.
“WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT!?” Steve roars, feeling like he was about to have a fist-fight coming his way. He didn’t understand; Reed was never like this.
Tony’s feelings for Steve only grew after that. More fighting and laughing and crying together had made them close-closer than anyone Tony had met in a long time. Over time, it developed into more until finally Tony couldn’t lie to himself anymore.
“S’ cold, Cap.” Tony sighed, blinking tiredly up at Steve again and Steve distantly realized that Tony was trembling and trying to reach for him with one hand. “C-could you...”
“I’m not...I don’t want to...I want to discuss this. Just you and me. Before we even consider d-divorce.” Tony said quietly and something flashed in Steve’s eyes.
They had about four hours of driving ahead of them to get to Washington but thankfully that was more than enough time for Tony to compose himself. He needed it.
He took a deep breath and looked up at the sky. It was getting late. The sun was just starting to set and was painting the evening sky a burning orange colour that brushed across to a softer lilac. At seven pm, not many could say they were boarding the Helicarrier on a social visit. Or that they had a direct invite from the commander himself.
it’s good for pregnant omegas to be near their alpha. You don’t want him to suffer from bond-sickness do you?”
Tony took a deep breath, suddenly feeling like this was the moment that things would really change them. A point in time that would change the course.
It had turned out he’d been right. Over the years that followed, Tony had begun to learn that while you could have many soul marks, that did not necessarily mean you had many soulmates.
“There’s four months worth in there. Hopefully that should be enough time. Nat and Bucky are happy to read the labels if you need them to but they said the side effects should be the same. I need to know they work though so start taking them tonight if you can.” Though he was sure, with the way Tony was staring at them, Tony would take them the second he was alone. “I also need your birth certificate. It probably won’t come down to that but we just need backups in case we need to forge bonding records.”
She cut herself off and looked away guiltily. Tony didn't mind though, it wasn't her fault and she wasn't wrong.
“What if we bought back the shares from your...unknown parties. The ones that are refusing to let you pull it back. Maybe i can change that.” Steve blew out a breath and looked up. “I have enough intel here I think to get the inside knowledge on them. And if not, I can find out.”
How can he be pregnant? The last thing he remembers is waking up to Captain America telling him they won after the Chitauri. How can he have forgotten so much that he didn’t even remember being
The wolf whined but thankfully pulled away. He seemed to gauge Tony for something, before giving his neck a good long lick.
Tony could tell instantly by the scent. The strong, rich scent of forest and sweat flooded his senses, almost throwing him off balance. Werewolves were the only creatures that had a scent strong enough to make vampires stomachs turn.
Headlines over the last few weeks had been repetitive. Lists upon lists of added figures-more bonded pairs cropping up with each day. Photos of happy alphas and happy omegas, hand in hand as some news reporter commented on how this new law had given life to love.
“I’m sorry it took me so long.” He bowed his head in apology but somehow, Tony felt Zeke was on the back foot, especially when he laughed nervously and waved the concern away.
For a moment, Tony thought he’d said something obvious. The blond frowned a little and slowly lowered his hands. He smiled a little but it seemed tight.
Things continued this way for a few more weeks. Tony completed his claims on his set times and accepted the company he got. Steve always seemed to appear after he’d collected enough blood, and seemed to enjoy spending time with Tony and occasionally teasing him.
Finally, when he pulled away, he stared at the breathtaking view of the man he loved. Tony smiled back at him, equally mystified and behind them, Carol and Thor just smiled.
Denial is strongest when you’re weakest. That’s what he’s learned. When you’re shaking and stammering as you wait out the withdrawal, all because the bottle had been drained all too quickly, you realize that’s when you hold onto your morals-no matter how far-fetched they seem.
The man had spun around at the last second, nostrils flared and teeth bared as a warning. And as soon as he made eye contact with Tony, two realizations hit.
Something dimmed in the man’s blue eyes. “You don’t recognize me do you? It’s me, Steve. Winghead. Remember?”
And maybe it wasn’t all selfless. After all, he had no one waiting for him at home. And with Steve having found his soulmate and Tony being the only one who was soulless, it just made sense for him to-
Suddenly a slow smile spread across his face and he stared at Tony like he was in complete awe. Only it was borderline obsessive. Tony had seen that look before on some of his more personal enemies. It was never a good sign.
“Mister Stark!” Robinson cried happily, clapping his hands together in delight. “How wonderful of you to join us.”
Under the helmet, Tony went bone-white.  The world blurred around the edges and narrowed onto the bullet wounds that were now starting to pour blood, like a burst pipe that had finally let go. Steve was panting heavily and had his eyes shut and his head ducked down. His whole face screamed pain and pure agony.
“How about never?” Tony grumbled but slowly began to take off his shoes and suit jacket. He was wearing a black suit jacket, a shirt and some jeans so it wouldn’t take long. Just a few buttons to undo and-
Steve heart ached with sympathy. It wasn’t fair that Tony was on this bed, writhing in pain because of his body being wired this way. It wasn’t fair that Tony Stark had to be reduced from something so dynamic and untouchable, a man brighter than the sun to-
“You’d think they could afford more. What with how much they’re charging.” Steve said with a slight quirk of his lips. In another lifetime, Tony would’ve smiled back and joked about ditching for hot steamy super-soldier sex. But that was in the past.
“Me? I’m fine. Pfff, totally fine.” Tony finally said, rolling his eyes and looking up at the sky. No full moon tonight either. Go figure.
"Hey, don't worry. This is for the best." Tony tries, though he feels his throat closing up as Steve's cries get louder. "I'm happy. This makes me happy. I wanted this."
So Tony started spending the next few days in Steve’s bedroom. Or his old one, as Steve pointed out. Director, Commander, it was all the same.
Something slammed into him, sending him flying. The sheer force behind the hit, knocked the breath out of his lungs, and for a split-second his vision went black. Thankfully he righted himself in time to avoid another hit. The thing that hit him kept coming towards him.
As promised, the plans for the gala were confirmed and everything was organised. Tony had Happy collect his suit while he finished up a meeting with the shareholders and gratefully accepted it as he got out of the car in front of the tower and took it in.
The words hit him like a slap. Sharp and directed, they completely stopped every thought and yanked him away from the edge. What the hell was he
Everything stopped. For a moment there was complete silence as the whole room went quiet. Only the film could be heard and somehow even that had become quieter.
The room was full of heroes or politicians. There was no in between. And no one who he really knew personally.
“I have some assignments on the tablet there for you. Just give them a read and work your way through. When you’re done, come find me.”
“C’n you pl’s...” Tony reaches into his pocket and this time, doesn’t pull his eyes away from the hidden face of the stranger across the street. The man continues to stare back at him.
“What do you mean?” Tony said tiredly, knowing the others on the table were probably listening in, even if they were making small talk. Gabe was
“He wouldn’t...why would he...” The words weren’t forming fast enough. It was too much for him to even verbalise.
“Tony? How’re you feeling?” Steve sighed, taking his clothes off methodically in the dark. Tony promised himself he’d demand a repeat performance when he was more awake.
Tony swallowed and braved eye contact. “Steve, hey look, I’m sorry okay? I know I shouldn’t have lost it like that but I was delirious and pretty out of it-“
Tony held his hand up. "Stop. I meant everything I said that night. Everything." Then Tony felt the words just pour out like they'd been there on the tip of his tongue since the beginning.
“The others are gonna love this.” Tony said, voice muffled by how he was rubbing his cheek against Steve’s neck.
Strangely enough, Tony couldn’t find the head officer. He scanned and scanned for that hat with the emblem when-
It’s somewhat quiet this time of morning. There’s a peace that Tony gets that is always made better by this time. He was always asleep during this time before. Now he gets why Steve goes for his early morning runs.
Tony frowned a little and smiled, feeling his hands start to shake. Sweat started to appear on his body.
“You talked about reputation yesterday.” He answered instead, looking at the fading sky. “You said they have a reputation to uphold.”
"I know you said you had feelings for Iron man. But can you honestly tell me you feel anything like that towards me?"
Tony’s eyes glistened in the starlight. He kept trying to mask his expression but every time he met Steve’s eyes, he just smiled like he couldn’t help it.
“And you’re that mutt. The one with a strange habit for getting into trouble.” He shot back, feeling his smile grow when the man tried to lean forward and take a bite. Tony instantly shot his hands out and grabbed the man by his jaw.
Tony thought and laughed to himself, trying not to feel too bothered by Steve’s shocked expression. This one was easy.
“Okay, it’s alright Mr.Stark. Just a few more questions. When was the last time you assisted with the labs? I know you’re very good at the work.”
Defeated, Tony sank to the floor and drew his knees close to his chest. He cried his eyes out until he ran out of tears to give.
Grant’s eyes clocked onto the red ship in the distance. It was getting closer and the lights were flashing an aggressive red.
“You were there with your team? Have-“ A frown started to appear on the doctor’s face. “Do you eat with them? Spend time with the agents there?”
Things changed even more after that. Tony couldn’t stop thinking about Steve especially after they repeated the biting on three more occasions. His eyes, his hair, his perfect teeth-
Steve stood up, frowning in concern. Careful, he reached out and pressed his palm against Tony’s forehead. He was still warm but seemed a lot cooler than before thankfully. His heat scent had also calmed down, less strong like honey but more like maple syrup. And still Tony.
They stayed like that for a while. Tony didn’t move and Steve got the feeling Tony had finally passed out again from exhaustion. It was only when the others returned and pulled him away that he was able to let Tony go. While his hands released him, he couldn’t look away, even when Dr. Strange was taking Tony’s vitals and the others were crowding him.
Tony made it count. It was like a higher power had given him a go at seeing the world before sending him down for centuries.
“Tony? Can you hear me?” The being repeated and to Grant’s shock, knelt down beside him, and quickly began to reach for him.
Reed barks out in laughter and brings a hand to his head. It comes out manic and Steve’s fingers itch for his shield.
Tony had learned that Steve had regretted what had happened and was only lashing out because he was frustrated. He’d learned that maybe he wasn’t the only one who had struggled to accept that he’d nearly killed his best friend.
Steve’s face crumpled at that, and his eyes glistened a little. “Don’t say that. It’s not your fault. Just tell me, are you hurt?”
“Careful pup. That’s a no go.” Tony said, letting his eyes fall half shut dangerously. There was no way he was gonna be bitten by a werewolf, no matter how golden he was. He had too much at stake and his precious freedom was only the half of it.
“You-you know!” Tony waved his hand up and nearly knocked one of the medics. “You jumped in front of me! You took
Suddenly he had a distinct feeling of déjà vu. He’d been here before, standing before the doors like a man about to meet his fate. Only he didn’t believe in fate and Steve had probably had something to do with him feeling so uncertain. In his memories, had he hesitated that much to speak to Steve?
“I hear you’re not so bad.” Steve tilted his head and considered him carefully. “At least that’s what I’m told.”
When Tony was younger, he was different. Not massively different to others or anything, but different to how things were now. He was different back then. He’d changed over time.
“Damnit Gabe, I’m good for my drink! Tony, would you be a good lad and get me some more of the wine?”
The conversation continued for twenty minutes more and with every minute, Tony thought Steve became more relaxed. The tension in his shoulders was loosening and he seemed to be happy to listen to Tony’s ramblings. Dare he say, it was nice.
It was surreal hearing this. Like Gabe had a spyglass and could see right through him. But there didn’t seem to be any punches in the words. Just...
“What do you think pet?” Zeke said in a dangerously quiet voice. His nostrils were flared and his back was tense as he sat up. Slowly, he stood up from the bed and walked towards Tony.
Maybe minutes passed. Maybe an hour did. But he stayed there, eyes facing up and simply breathing the air in. Maybe he could stay here forever and the world would just let him.
Tony looks up at the clearly bored clerk and sighs. His vision is starting to blur around the edges.
He was lonely. It was simple really, he had never found anyone, not a single communicating life form in this world. He was so lonely and sought desperately for companionship.
He’s almost reluctant to let it go. Other than the clothes on his back and the empty bottle he’s been dragging around since the yesterday, he’s got nothing, not even a quarter to his name.
“There, see? I brought him back in one piece. Just as promised.” Pierce said, patting his shoulder as he guided him back to Fury. Fury and Maria were back to sitting in their seats at the table, but Dugan and Gabe had disappeared and Tony briefly wondered if the wine had finally gotten to them. How much had they had?
After some time however, he hears a knock on the door. With a soft groan, he blinks his eyes open and rolls over. It's quiet for a moment but then the knocking starts again and he pulls the duvet over his head and ignores it, feeling a pit in his stomach. No one can know what he’s about to do. Come morning, no one will see him like this again.
“Good, good. Now...” Zeke’s eyes darkened and he gestured to the door. “Your punishment. You know what you did.”
Tony raked a hand through his hair and finally sighed, flopping onto the thin mattress tiredly. He’d done his job so well. Why’d he have to go and screw it up like that?
Nodding his thanks, Tony went back to his screen and looked through the analysis carefully. He scanned each paragraph of the document and tried to work out what it was they’d missed.
There was nothing in the tower anyway. He’d pretty much lost it all when Osborn had taken over, but then the remaining had been sold to eager buyers and fanatics. He didn’t even know where half of his cars had gone and it wasn’t like his memory was helping him.
in the ball pit. Something about some of the balls coming to life and the whole lot starting to move in waves every time he went near.
“Until this contract is over?” Tony confirmed because he wasn’t about to give himself false hope. What was up with Steve anyway?
Laying the human down carefully, he dragged some cardboard over and placed it under the man’s head. Then he brushed his hands together and stood back.
"You just relax Tony. I'll take good care of you." He murmured and his lips started to drift lower, while his hands began to trace over Tony's stomach gently, just below the bandages. Steve was careful not to touch them.
“No you’re right. Of course you do.” Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “I don’t wanna hurt you.”
“Oh, I have something for you.” Steve said lightly and pushed the chair back a little to reach under the island. He swiped the plastic bag and placed it on the table, pushing it in Tony’s direction swiftly. Eyes like a hawks’, Steve linked his fingers on the table and leaned forward.
“Ha. Thanks.” Tony smiled tiredly, pulling his hands away. He let them settle in his lap and stared at them uselessly. They were shaking. His hands were
“I need to head back.” Tony said after he touched Fury’s shoulder to get his attention. Thankfully Fury had just finished talking to some white haired men and was just about to turn to Maria. At the touch, they both turned to give Tony an odd look.
The way he spoke set something off in Tony. Like natural fear response-an oppressive feeling of unease. He’d never seen a vampire like him.
“It’s okay.” Tony says and turns away to look out of the window. In his office, he has a good view of the sky. It’s an array of oranges and purples, almost burning when he stares.
“Leave it!” Tony growls and tries not to flush when Rogers notices how hard he is under his jeans. “Put it down!”
“Anthony.” Zeke recoiled, though he narrowed his eyes dangerously and snarled. They began to circle each other.
“Of course. I’ve seen quite a few. None quite like you I’ll admit but-“ The man’s frown dissolved into a look of pure awe. If Tony had to guess, the man was shocked.
Once they reached the centre, Steve turned around and faced him, looking oddly serious as he held his hands out. For a moment Tony said nothing. He just stared at the hands in muted shock.
“Obviously I would. You need all the help you can get.” She said and Tony laughed when she glared at his suitcase in mild rage.
“You won’t build this. And starting today, you’ll be monitored twenty-four seven Reed. Better start thinking of other ideas quick.” He says and leaves without another word. Outside the lab, he hands the blueprints to the head Shield lab worker and issues a simple order.
Tony waited for a reply but didn’t get one. Steve kept his head bowed on the bed and didn’t move. So Tony nodded quickly and stormed out of the room. He thought he heard sniffs from the front door but he didn’t slow down.
Choking out a laugh Tony straightened up a little and smiled. Something dribbled down from his lips but he wasn't too worried anymore.
“Five months and two weeks.” Ty says calmly and lifts his chin up, folding his arms. “You and I have always been drawn to each other.”
Steve smiled broadly at that and seemed pleased with himself. He nodded once and focused on Tony’s cuffs again, obviously occupied, even though the president himself was speaking. In all fairness, Tony had lost interest a long time ago.
Well that was a surprise. Last he’d heard from her, everyone had been going their own separate ways following Osborn’s defeat. She’d quickly left after calling him an idiot.
“Yes sir.” Tony smiled shakily and slowly knelt onto the bed, crawling over until he was leaning over Steve carefully.
For instance, after that discussion about mending things, Steve had started to visit Tony every day. Granted it had only been three days since then (and he’d slept for most of it), but he was sure Steve had changed.
“You suggested that before.” Steve murmurs, and Tony thinks he sounds pleased. “Peter it is. I like it.”
The stranger turns and looks at him. From the distance, Tony can’t see his face, and the shadows help to conceal it, but he thinks the man might not be frowning at him as much this time.
Tony shrugged and let his eyes continue to wander the street. He caught a glimpse of a worn billboard that said ‘
But there’s no reality where the Avengers are a team. Where there are no lies. Where Tony doesn’t find a new way to destroy everything all over again.
Steve is too anxious. He can’t even stop to enjoy it for ten minutes because his mind is all over the place.
“You...you told us we were monsters. You called us killers.” Strange croaks, and behind his hands, Steve sees tears leak down from his eyes. “You said you were better, that you could never do what we have done, and yet...”
"How dare you act like you're any better than us!? When you waltzed in here like you own the place?" Ben snarled and stormed up to him, jerking a finger at him viciously. Instinctively, Tony tensed, mentally bracing for a fight.
Sometimes he catches glimpses of blond behind him in the distance but he’s certain he’s imagining it. Steve came and went and it’s up to him now to finish the job.
“Steve Rogers. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” Tiberius said, surprisingly, especially considering how he had no business with Steve whatsoever.
The hands held him up and suddenly he was surrounded by the scent of pine and vanilla. It flooded his senses and he whined softly, feeling the muscles of his face relax.
Tony opened his eyes slowly, feeling his eyes focus and his fangs expand. He was right in front of him. This broad shouldered shadow who would soon be his next victim.
“Hey easy!” Steve thumped his back with just enough force to help and when Tony could sit up again, he glared at Steve.
After missions, Shellhead always offered to fly him back to the mansion. It had become a sort of routine for them to the point where even the rest of the team didn’t mind. Steve was grateful; being able to soar through the sky with his best man was incredible and always gave him time to unwind and reflect.
Tentatively, Tony met Steve’s eyes and tried to gauge his response. Steve met his eyes too and he seemed to just stare at him like he was truly seeing him for the first time.
With a bit of guidance, he was back to being vertical before he knew it. And the doctor was back to scribbling on his paper.
His throat closes and he swallows. There’s a low sound coming from somewhere, a moan that sounds like a wounded animal and suddenly Tony realizes he’s the one causing it.
“Nonsense. Drink up.” Pierce said and Tony got the distinct impression that there’d be a problem if he didn’t. Of course, that was ridiculous but Tony was still trying to keep good impressions. Regardless of what Fury and Steve thought of him, he was still going to try.
“I want to know that. I want to be closer to you. I want you to trust me. And you can, Shellhead, I’d never hurt you. I’d never tell anyone,
And everything was...fine. The streets were quiet and only a few humans traipsed back from work, dazed enough to not notice the vampire and werewolf walking side by side in strange outfits. Tony couldn’t see any creatures, but he wasn’t going to curse anyone for that.
“You’re okay, I’m here.” Steve says quietly and for a moment, Tony wonders if Steve is truly saying that for himself. Either way, he appreciates it.
. The team would be eating in relative silence and maybe Sam or Bucky or Nat would walk in. Tony would get up within seconds and offer his space to them, calmly,
“Hello? No I haven’t seen Captain America.” Tony eyed Steve and raised a brow at Steve’s smile. “Yeah I’ll see to the rest of the Superhero Registration when I get back.”
“I need to get back. Something’s come up.” Tony repeated, carefully ensuring his eyes stayed on the glass. He didn’t want to face Fury’s frown or Maria’s concern.
“I don’t understand.” Steve’s eyes darted over Tony rapidly, making sure there were no areas of injury left. But other than seeming exhausted, Tony looked a thousand times better. His cheeks were regaining his natural color, even to the top of his nose, and his skin felt so much warmer. Steve decided to keep his hand on Tony’s cheek to keep an eye, just in case.
