All he can feel is this guilt; he’s dealt with it before, but now that his actions have affected somebody close to him – someone who might as well have been his brother – he’s almost close to just ripping his hair out in anger.
is still a possibility.
He needs to go for Steve, himself.
FRIDAY asks curiously after another five minutes have passed. Tony startles, looking at the radio he installed the AI into back when he first bought and modified this car.
He had always known that Mary didn’t like him as much as he liked her, so he kept it to himself, sleeping around in an attempt to forget about it. Obviously, that never worked.
“Sharon, my little cousin Sharon?! Sharon Carter?!”
“What, so you weren’t Gwen’s boyfriend two years ago?” Eddie bites at him. Peter presses his lips together, suddenly putting two and two together. He meant Stacey, not Stacy. He was talking about Gwen. Peter feels his body go cold, the buzz that had been hanging over him suddenly dissipating while he comes to his senses a little bit.
Linda calls out and then she hangs up the phone at the exact time a police car arrives, which means that it’s time for Peter to leave. It’s not that the cops are actually looking for him, still, but he just doesn’t feel like talking much – especially since there’s something bad enough around that requires the Avengers to assemble – and probably at Oscorp. Of course…
“Tony Stark, lady and gentleman, is
When she talked about meeting Wade, Steve interrupted her. Something what he usually wouldn’t do.
It’s close to evening already. The sun is already under, and the snow is blowing in Peter’s face. It’s somewhat nice, to have that feeling in his face. It reminds him of the fact that, despite everything, he’s still alive.
"Honey, we're home!" he shouts into the penthouse. He and Peter head for the kitchenette to get some drinks ready for everybody while Wade and Johnny get to the couch, deep in discussion about a movie Peter hasn't watched yet.
“Last one. The la- the last jour-…” He starts coughing after that, his hand reaching for his chest. May sits up to get him seated upright for a bit, but Tony just remains there, frowning. Last one? What could he possibly mean with that?
“You’re late, Peter,” Tony adds to it. Oh, he doesn’t sound all too happy, today? What happened with the good mood he had on the phone?
But the team’s doing pretty good. It’s only because of that, Tony remembers, that Steve took a step back as well.
Okay, right.
There are slurred responses from the others. Sam’s out from the world and Clint’s about ready to drop down as well. Bucky, in his confusion at Bruce’s sudden departure, loses his balance and drops down. With that, he takes Steve down along as well.
“Holy-!” somebody shouts before stopping themselves. It’s Bruce, who apparently didn’t expect for him to arrive here. Peter takes off the mask and throws Bruce a grin.
Well, everyone except the scum and the outcast. They just got buried in random places. Yaël looked down when she heard the crackle of gravel under her feet. Without even noticing it, she had walked past the gates, into the graveyard.
“Ah,” he raised his hands, clearly amused by her tone “Welcome to Helvegen! Now that I told you that, you’re going to follow me.” Yaël raised an eyebrow and walked towards him.
“Stop it, I’m not going to tell you,” he reminds him. Steve just chuckles.
“Tony, sweetheart?”
“Anything different?” “Uh, I call him Tony now, instead of Mr. Stark.”
“I don’t expect him to be drunk, really,” Wanda offers him with a wide smile. But alright, shall we get the place ready?
“Oh, no, no, not really, Yaël. I mean, you didn’t know what you were doing, and he wasn’t really capable of looking at you differently after that.” Yaël felt a tear running down her cheek even though she didn’t understand what Cap was talking about. Someone didn’t like her, and she wasn’t sober at all, enough reasons to cry.
“You know exactly why I did that, Steve.”
“I, uh, I think so?” he mumbles out. Steve reaches out his hand towards Tony, clearly just as nervous as Tony feels. He knows how anxious Peter had been before they were taken on stage, and he wishes for the world that the Avengers wouldn’t have put him through this. But, he figures that if Peter
Peter gives Tony an unimpressed look. Meanwhile, the girl lets go of Tony and runs towards what Tony figures are her two brothers.
his fault. Why else would Tony pick up the bottle again after months of staying away from it? The phone call, Tony sounded like he was hurrying to hang up on him. Steve closes his eyes, pressing his fingers against them while he takes a few deep breaths.
” the automatic voice says once he’s recognized. Tony ignores it, instead just walking inside and taking a look around.
“That’s a no,” Yaël nodded.
way where this all can end at least slightly good. All it takes is
Tony says, shrugging shortly. “
suddenly comes out. Peter’s eyes open up wide, his mouth falls open. Holy shit, you can’t be serious, right? Now, of all times, his codes don’t work?
weapons, and-“
Yaël looked around. The place looked so fresh, decorated with plants of all kinds. She even had one of these fluffy rugs next to her bed. Well, she actually had a bed, instead of a few piled up mattresses. Without a warning, she jumped onto Steve and gave him a tight hug, which actually hurt a lot, so she quietly yelped.
Peter shakes his head as well, balling his hands into fists, but standing his ground once more. He shouldn’t throw angry punches again; the Goblin is too fast for that. Before he can speak, he hears voices around him, recognizing the Falcon, Captain America and no-one other than freaking’ Wade. Somebody is giving orders to get rid of the smoke as quickly as possible, but Peter tries to ignore it all.
late since Steve still hasn’t come and kidnap him back to bed.
Despite it only being October, Peter finds that the Decathlon team is always busy. With weekly practice sessions, in which he’s barely been paying any attention to be honest, he’s already given along the news that he wouldn’t be joining them to Washington.
Steve shakes his head, but his eyes are still closed. “Noooooooooooooooh! That’s evil! N-no sex for you th-this week.”
“Alright, this isn’t working. I’m calling your aunt,” Yaël says. Before she can walk away, Peter grabs her arm.
Eventually, somebody picks up.
“How’s that possible?” Peter asks, clearing his throat again when his voice cracks once more.
After having survived the infinity war, everybody tries to get their lives back to normal. But while Tony is trying to face the horrors he faced on the battlefield and Steve is trying to keep his relationship alive, Peter gets to the real challenge in life; college.
“Thank you, Dr. Cho,” Peter tells her truthfully. He’s glad he has somebody who could help him out with this, because all he just needs is proof.
If Tony wants to keep on pushing everybody away, then Peter won’t try to fight it anymore. If the guy’s happier that way, it’s none of Peter’s fucking business.
He looked at her severely, but as soon as he saw the tears running down her cheeks, his face softened. He put one hand behind her head and made her lean into him, while the other one was still sturdily supporting her back.
He opens the door, balancing the two glasses with precision. Steve is behind the television when he gets inside. His face is full f surprise when he sees Tony enter. He jumps up from his bed. At least he’s no longer bound. He can walk and stand where he wants to go, except for outside.
They hadn’t come on between when they heard her neighbor had fought about drugs with a dealer in the hallway, either. Luckily, only a few of Wade’s shots got through the floor, but Yaël didn’t know how to explain this all to Fury. He’d be so pissed.
“Except, it wouldn’t matter, would it?”
“That doesn't really matter anymore. Only a few of us remember. It’s safe to say that, after that, nobody really wanted you to risk your life again. That’s why we agreed not to make you an Avenger after all.”
“That’s…unfortunate. I’m going to gather some people to fix that problem,” and with that, Thor left their company. Yaël was glad he took the problem seriously, instead of laughing it away. Thor had grown more mature, that was for sure.
Steve nodded, “We don’t see how you put up with
The hotel clerk didn’t look too impressed when he’d seen them enter, and Bucky couldn’t blame him. Yeah, they’d gotten to wash up and rest a little, but their clothes were so worn that most of them looked dirty. None of them had had decent haircuts yet, and most of them still looked haggard after their imprisonment. Tony definitely looked the most put together out of all of them, but even he seemed underdressed for this place.
Their evening was a subdued affair as they just sat and listened to the radio reports coming in. None of them could muster up the will to eat something. They listened long into the night before they finally decided to go to bed where they just held each other.
He was so out of it, even after Bucky had arrived, and they’d left to find Steve. He knew he was distracted. Then, as if to top everything off about today, they’d found Steve in an alley getting his face adjusted. Tony had let Bucky handle it. He wasn’t in the right mind at the moment to hold back, and it was daytime with too many witnesses for Tony to deal with the guy, but he knew he would if he found the guy again. He’d memorized the guys face and silently started planning every punch the asshole would be receiving. It was probably wrong of him, but he didn’t care.
Tony watched Bucky sigh as he closed his eyes. “They’ll say yes. They’re all idiots, so they’ll say yes.”
“Of course, Sergeant. Let me know if you need anything else.”
Yes, Steve said he still loved him and wanted to be with him, but that didn’t mean that they were ready for that or for the others to know about it this much. Maybe Steve had wanted it to stay a secret? Had he wanted Bucky to be a secret like they used to be? Had he just ruined this? He didn’t want to be a secret, but he didn’t want to lose Steve even more. Would Steve be mad at him?
Tony’s voice rang through his mind.
Steve felt a surge of sympathy for his friend. People called Steve a man out of time, and he was, but at least everyone
“You’re absolutely right, Pep. Of course you are, but my lab is on lockdown at the moment. As soon as I get back to the tower, I’ll grab those applications and bring them right over.” Tony said, hoping to appease his angry CEO and praying that there wasn’t coffee or motor oil stains on them.
*spero tu stia bene?-I hope you are well?
Bucky’s eyebrows rose. “It couldn’t have been that bad. We all got along fine in the past, and you two were gettin’ pretty close before all this happened.”
“What about the others?” Steve asked because he had to hope for something. Maybe Bucky wasn’t dead. Maybe they could find him. They didn’t have proof he was dead. Steve couldn’t believe that until he had proof. “Are you planning a rescue mission?”
For a moment Steve’s doubt surfaced. “You really think he’s still alive, Tony?”
“That I am so lucky to have fallen in love with the two talented and gorgeous men seated with me.” Tony answered immediately.
Both of his sweet, precious boys were sitting beside each other on the couch and looked upset. Not angry upset, no Tony would understand since he was arriving home later than usual. This was supposed to be their first night in an official relationship, and they’d promised to talk about it.
“I know it’s kind of silly, but I really do want to do well at this. Jacobson is a dick, but he wasn’t lying when he said we could barely afford this war.”
“He was already a good man before that, Buck. I was just being a dick.” Steve told him.
“I’ve studied a little of everything.” Tony said easily. “Some things more than others, obviously, but I had a very rounded education. Plus, you’re never too old to keep learning.”
In November, less than ten months away, Operation Torch would herald the first united invasion by British and American allies. Over seventy thousand men would storm three major coastal cities from the sea and would achieve victory two days later. After that success Italy would be next and become a bloody battle ground as the allies fought their way to Germany and helped to overthrow Mussolini on the way. Tony hoped his brother’s family could escape by then.
“So fucking sexy,” He repeated as he firmly pushed forward, using just enough pressure to slip through the ring of muscle without going too fast. Both he and Bucky groaned as he entered the tight heat that was always so perfect around him.
“Oh, you know, the small fact that I’m probably twice her age. Part of me wonders if this isn’t some kind of joke. Like I’m going to show up at her door, and a group of her friends will be there waiting to laugh at me.”
“I thought you liked being in control?” Bucky looked a little hurt. “I thought you enjoyed what we have?”
She smirked as she looked at him. “Sorry, signore, but I prefer blondes,” she quipped as she blew a kiss to Steve who blushed furiously. She laughed kindly before asking, “The usual tonight?”
Now they only had to save Tony.
“So, they’re letting you choose the team?” Tony asked Steve to turn the focus elsewhere.
“So where would you like to be?” Phillips asked.
“Yes, sir,” Tony breathed as he settled into the frame of mind he needed to be in. This was the part of submission he enjoyed, being used like an object. He’d told Steve as much, and so far, he was delivering.
The trust in Steve’s eyes had been humbling.
“I’m working with the human equivalent of Satan’s asshole, and you’re making jokes.” Tony sighed, defeated by everything about this day. “Remind me why I love you again?”
“Tony…” “I don’t think…”
“To test your limits.” Tony finished for him. “Do you picture it rougher than what Bucky likes? A little less care giving and praise? You said you wanted to feel it.”
He was really beginning to understand what Tony had been telling him about his body and senses. So many of the things Steve had done he’d been able to do without thinking. His body, his everything had been made for this, but Tony had also stressed to trust his instincts, and they told him that the three of them needed to get out soon or be buried under this factory. They finally made it to the walkway.
He was getting home earlier than he’d planned because the couple he was supposed to fix a sink for had needed to cancel. Apparently, their baby had decided to come early so he was about to surprise Bucky and Steve by coming home for an early dinner. Maybe they could go get a pizza or something.
“Excellent choice of location,” he said as he crossed the space, “I just happen to have found some apples on my way back, and I think they should be used before they spoil. Why not put them in a pie so they’ll keep?”
Tony delivered a firm slap against the right side of his ass in repayment, but the only result was a long moan from Bucky.
“You show us every day, honey.”
“We’re safe, Tony. You’re safe, and we’ve got you.”
“Hey,” Tony said kindly. “that’s what friends are for. You’re not responsible for an evil man’s actions. Besides, my mother was first generation Italian here in America so for all I know, we could be distant cousins.” Tony added, trying to make the man smile.
He’d asked tentatively.
They finally made it inside, and Tony was nearly overwhelmed as the memories of what had happened between the two men at both his sides returned. The two lovers who were leading him to the couch. The two lovers that he was in love with.
His voice was seething. “Listen, you little degenerate…”
“Hold Them!” Some officer nearby shouted at the men.
, Tony thought.
. This was it, Tony thought. Christmas. He’d gotten the tree and the presents, and it had been fun watching them open their gifts, but this, this was Christmas. He was going eat this wonderful meal with the two most important people in his life. They would talk and make jokes and laugh and forget that yeah, life was hard. Steve would probably get sick again soon. Bucky was still looking for a job. Tony was still stranded out of his time. And every day news about the war in Europe grew worse, setting Tony on edge because he knew what would happen and what it would mean for the young men sitting across from him.
“Images,” Tony corrected. “you said images. How many did you take?” He asked, wondering how many times his body had been subjected to the radiation. Not that he had to worry, probably, since he was healing from everything else, but it still bothered him that he hadn’t even been awake to oversee their use of the machine.
Steve stopped to turn and look at the woman. “I’m sorry, Agent Carter, but I have to believe that I’m more than this,” he said as he motioned to the spangled uniform under his jacket. “I’m not just a lab rat or a dancing monkey, and we’re going to find our friend, and we’re going to bring him back.”
This was really beginning to feel like a job interview, Tony thought as he said, “Besides English? French, Spanish, Italian, Japanese, Mandarin, Russian and Latin.”
“Oh, we saw.” Bucky cut in, he and Steve were still looking at him like he was a ghost.
Which, no, don’t even get Tony started on that one.
Bucky remembered Tony’s story of “upgrading” (Tony’s term) that freezer. The butcher had been in a horrible mood that day, not at Tony obviously, but Bucky supposed marriage problems could do that to a person. “I hope he’s in a better mood this time.” Bucky told him.
Erskine looked at him. His eyes dancing in amusement. “That was certainly interesting, Tony.”
Tony turned to look over at Bucky, wanting to see his reaction. He had taken to reading some of Tony’s Asimov stories and had begun an interest in technology of the future.
“I leave you now, Captain,” Schmidt said turning back to them as the smaller man quickly fled the burning building. “I leave you to die with the insect, the rat and your delusions. Erskine’s final work will burn, and there will be none left to stop me.”
. “It’s ten past five.”
“This is your home, too,” Steve said, voice so sincere it left no room for doubt. “For as long as you want, we want you here.” His stare wavered for a second as his voice faltered. “You might not want to for long, though. Winter’s only started, and I’ll probably get sick again. And again. It’s a lot to deal with, and most of my money will go to doctors.”
“Vaguely,” Tony answered slowly, he felt rather stoned. “It came out of nowhere . Was anyone else hurt?
It was the most honest he’d ever heard his father speak when he wasn’t hurling insults Tony’s way. Tony didn’t know how to feel so he just took a sip of his beer.
“Anthony, what the hell are you doing here?” Howard had asked from the pilot’s seat where he’d been going through preflight procedures. Seriously, how many times would Tony have to hear his father say that to him in his life?
They’d stayed up a little longer, gently teasing Steve about his rumpled hair and clothes (along with the fact he’d had to go change said clothes because of the grinding action he’d received). It had been nice, fun.
They found a booth and sat down. Erskine laid his papers and journals across the top of the table. “In my attempt to avoid missing my work, I simply created another problem to keep me from it.”
“Sure, doc,” Howard said easily, “whatever you want.”
Steve laughed. “With completely different impressions, no less. I think all three of us can say that about each other.”
Also for any history buffs out there, yes Steve would know about traffic lights. They were primitive and manually operated by police officers working together at the major intersections of large cities, but they did exist. Honestly, the research I do for two sentences of dialogue.
“I’m worried about, Bucky,” he blurted out, unconsciously clenching his right hand.
Steve loved the movies. Out of the three of them, Steve was the one who could happily go and see every film playing, even by himself. He usually did just that when he was waiting for Tony and Bucky to finish their workday. “What was he goin’ see again?”
“Oh, my sweet beautiful boy.” Tony said quietly as he moved to wrap his arms around the younger man. The feel of the larger body against him, as well as looking up to meet his eyes, would take some getting used to, but it was still his Steve. “You’re just stronger now. I’m sure you’ll learn how manage this new…everything of yours.”
Steve cried out, unable to finish his thought as a sudden pain lanced through his head. His vision blurred as he felt himself fall to his knees cradling his skull. He squeezed his eyes shut as images floated across his closed lids. The sound of his team’s worried voices around him were distant as other phantom voices flooded his mind.
The boys eyes widened a bit then slowly looked Tony up and down. “Someone slip ya a micky at the gin mill, Mister? Ya in Brooklyn.” As if it was obvious. “Corner of Hicks and Clark.”
Natasha seemed to read his thoughts as she said, “We don’t know enough to do anything more at the moment, Steve. We’re just going to be discussing theories and doubling back on what we’ve already done. Take the time to rest and adjust,” she finished as her eyes motioned to Bucky.
“Sounds delicious,” Nat approved, “Do you need any help?”
He turned to leave, and Tony moved to follow him, but he couldn’t resist one more last jab. As he walked, Tony looked back and called out, “It was really great to meet you, Howard. I can’t wait to work with you. Maybe later after my coffee I can come back and help with those faraday cages. You know, one repairman helping another.”
“Keeping busy.” He shrugged. It really wasn’t much. He hadn’t done anything today he couldn’t have done by the age of four. “The water heater’s fixed,” he added as he stood up and brushed the dust from his pants. “The radio and the kitchen light, too.”
The other two men trailed out behind her to the elevator. Just as they were about to get on, Bucky called out, “Clint!” The archer turned to look at him, slightly wary. “I’m sorry about your phone.”
“In here Buck, and sorry, not yet.” Steve called out as he turned and grabbed a pot from a lower cabinet.
“Going out doesn’t get me one either, Buck. You know what’s gonna happen. She’ll take a look at me, and five minutes later she’ll find some other fella to dance with.” Steve said, keeping his eyes on the half peeled potato in his hand.
Steve nodded, “Good, thank you, Morita.”
Steve was frustrated with himself. “I don’t know. Both? Maybe? But not the same as Buck. I don’t know how to say it.” This was all just so new, and he didn’t feel like he was expressing himself clearly because a week ago he’d never even wanted these things. “I never really thought about any of this before.  I love what I have with Bucky, but watching you with him and having you in this relationship has made me wonder if I’d like other things too.”
“After, when they were sure I wasn’t going to die, they tried to force me to help them. I refused so they tortured me. Held me under water and drowned me. They did that for days. They beat me, starved me, threw me in a dark hole where I couldn’t even see my hand in front of my face. They left me there until I thought I’d go crazy or die from dehydration.”
That was true, Tony realized. In the past two years, Tony had never been ill. Even when Steve or Bucky had been sick with something contagious, he always seemed to avoid catching it. “Huh, just lucky I guess,” He told them as he resumed his walk to the bedroom in search of clothes.
He knew if it wasn’t for the insistence of Dr. Erskine, he would never have stepped foot on this base. He was a good man, a kind man. Agent Carter was the only other person besides the doctor and Tony that didn’t dismiss him because of his looks and health. She was one hell of a woman, but Steve had the nagging suspicion that Tony didn’t like her for some reason. Not that he got to see or speak to Tony often. They kept a very careful distance from each other on the occasions Tony would come to the base.
“Do you get hurt a lot?” Tony knew Steve had been bullied and had gotten in a few scrapes, but the way Steve had said it just now made it sound like a regular part of his life.
When Joe was knocked out by the final punch, Bucky had choked out Tony’s name. He was in shock. He couldn’t believe this was the same man he’d taught how to dance, the same man that had surprised them with the best Christmas they’d had in over half a decade. But that thought quickly left when he saw the red stain on Tony’s stomach, and worry won out.
Tony knew Steve especially loved this. On one very memorable occasion, Tony had eaten Steve out so thoroughly that the young man had actually come untouched from it. Tony had been so turned on that he’d fucked Steve’s limp body senseless, manhandling him into a pretzel and reducing him to overstimulated tears as Tony rutted into him. He pulled another orgasm out the blonde before he’d finally allowed himself to come. That had been a good night.
“They’re really not that good, Tony.” His ears were now pink; the blush had crept so high. “These probably won’t be worth trying to sell.”
Steve could see the man was trying to keep his composure, but his voice shook slightly. Though Steve didn’t know the story behind their friendship yet, Bucky had obviously bonded with the man and earned his respect. Bucky just smiled tiredly, “I couldn’t leave ya to deal with these guys on your own, Monty. No one deserves that.”
Shit! The sorceress and wannabe ruler of the Dark Dimension was slowly walking towards him, her hips swaying seductively in that BDSM dress she always wore. An amused smirk on her full lips spelled out trouble. So much trouble.
It could comply. Simple order. It looked at Stark’s face. Worried brown eyes. Stark was worried?
“Well, I hope he gives you a wide berth,” said Steve. “If he doesn’t just don’t bring up the wife thing.”
Erskine smiled in that kind way of his. “Forgive me for saying so, Tony, but your story is too unbelievable for me not to believe you. Why would you create such a story if it was not the truth, especially if you wanted to gain my trust. Besides, I’ve seen your technology since then. No one evil would possess such things only to not use them as they worked as a repairman.”
Tony just began to count the bills out quickly, like this was an inconvenience he was ready to be done with. The man happily accepted the money and asked if they wanted their bags brought up for them.
“That sounds like a philosophy quote.” Steve teased. “You get that from one of your books?”
Tony snorted.
Stunned, the only words he could get out were, “You kissed me.”
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding as the tension began to leave him. A movement to his left made him turn his head.
He looked over to Bucky and found the young man staring at him. His stormy grey eyes were half hidden under eyelids made heavy by the bourbon and long day they’d had. Tony’s breath caught. He was beautiful.
He thought about the little box that he kept hidden in their water heater closet. Inside the box was a carefully wrapped pillowcase hiding two of his most valuable possessions, his gauntlet watch and Starkglasses.
Tony and Steve had gone to see him off. They’d stood there watching as the bus disappeared from their view. A day had passed for the two of them, and Bucky was now on a boat somewhere in the Atlantic on his way to Europe. Tony hoped he wasn’t too seasick from the voyage.
He felt Steve’s fingers pause in their movements for a couple of seconds before they resumed their previous task, and he answered, “No, we don’t know, but we’re going to find him. I won’t leave him there to live without us through the decades.”
“We didn’t know what to do,” Steve continued, “He just took our silence as being guilty before he spat at us and called us faggots. As he was walking away, he turned and said, “One way or another, you’ll be leaving.”
Tony passed the two wine filled glasses before accepting his plate from Bucky and snagging a couple slices of toast. Looking down at his meal, Tony forgot about the recent awkwardness and smile softly. “Thanks again, guys. This looks and smells amazing.”
“We’re so sorry, Tony.” Another voice said, “Come back to us. We’re right here. Come back to us.”
As he wondered through the hotel where Steve had been sent to stay by Senator Whatever, Tony thought back on the past few hours. He’d been dismissed by Philips as an army consultant. It wasn’t surprising since Erskine was gone, the project was over, and the man had never wanted Tony there in the first place. That was fine. Tony didn’t need their money. He’d been saving for this moment for over two years.
This felt really good, and Bucky could feel something building behind every thought and movement of his hand. He felt his muscles tightening along with the need to speed up his movements. He was so close. He was…
Tony was going out of his mind, and he didn’t really know what to do about it. The trip had taken forever. First, that awful boat ride on the slowest ship in history. Tony had tried to use the time working on his new era-appropriate gauntlet, using tech he’s been able to salvage from his watch, but it was slow going. His future technology was too sophisticated to be compatible; he just didn’t have the tools he needed.
“You said that I can’t keep taking the blame away from the things you’ve done, and you are right to an extent. But please, Bucky, please stop blaming yourself for the things done to you because you are not to blame for that. It is not your fault that you are living with trauma. It is their fault, and the only real way to beat them is to allow yourself time to heal.”
“That much is obvious,” Jacobson huffed as he looked to the ceiling. “The guy wins a street fight, and they make him a performer.” He looked back to Steve. “You do understand why you’re here, right?”
“Is this strange, Buck? That we both fell for the same guy when we’re already together?” Steve wondered before remembering. “Lucille and her roommates, Tony said the three of them were probably in a relationship or somethin’. That means it has to be, I dunno, OK? Tony seemed to know somethin’ about it.”
He went to stand up and promptly stumbled, falling into Tony’s lap.
“I have to get home.” He said quickly as he walked off, almost running with the need to see them, to reassure himself that they were still safe. Some hysterical and illogical part of him imagined they were already gone, out of his reach and fallen into ice to be abandoned and forgotten by everyone but Tony. The pavement blurred in his vision as he pushed himself faster.
“I’ll get the water ready,” Steve said as he grabbed the bags that were still on the floor from earlier.
Now, Tony would give anything if it meant that the metal arm would never exist. As he slid his fingers into Bucky’s loose grip to join their hands, he reminded himself of love and hope. They were the only weapons he had at the moment. It took a while, but eventually, Tony finally drifted off to sleep.
Steve looked confused. “Tomorrow morning at nine. Why?”
The guy swung a punch at him, but Bucky easily avoided it and returned the gesture. His fist made solid contact with the guy’s face. His body was turned with the impact from the hit, so Bucky decided to give him a swift kick in the ass to speed him along in his retreat. Tony had stood and watched silently, but Bucky saw the look on Tony’s face as he memorized the other man’s features. That guy would be in for a world of pain soon enough if Tony ever found him, but Bucky couldn’t bring himself to care. Tony wouldn’t be stopped going after the people who went after Steve. Bucky was OK with that.
“I was technically in the army until a few months ago as a consultant,” Tony reminded him. “I proved myself useful then, and I’ll do it again now.” At least, Tony hoped he would.
“Don’t stop.” Steve commanded.
“Alright,” Steve cut in, “Bucky you done bragging? Yes? Good, get the plates and utensils ready. Tony,” he turned to him, “go wash up. It’s almost chow time. Move.”
Tony cleared his throat. “Last night I spanked you without discussing it first, without asking for your permission.”
“Perfect,” Tony murmured behind him right before he pushed into Steve. Steve groaned at the stretch and the feel of the hard ridge on the head of Tony’s cut dick . It was so good. Tony filled him, and Steve just let go at the feeling. He didn’t want to think about anything but this.
“See you then, Anthony.” Howard had agreed as he’d picked up a small pair of pliers.
“Yes. Yes. Last night. And yes.” He smiled as he went back to stirring the gravy he’d been making. “There’s breakfast on the table. This all won’t be ready for a while; some of the vegetables need time to cook down, and I still have to wait for the main course to finish baking.”
“Thank you,” Tony managed to reply as the man nodded and continued on his way.
That was vague.
Steve looked at him gratefully as they felt the truck slow to a stop before it began moving in reverse. Only a second after the truck docked, Steve’s senses must have picked up on something because he raised his shield in front of them. The flap was pulled back by a soldier, and Steve wasted no time in using it to smack the guard so hard he flew from sight.
Instinct had almost made Tony give some mouthy remark. He didn’t do well around government bigwigs, but this wasn’t Nick Fury or creepy Senator what’s-his-face. Philips didn’t need Tony, and he could kick his sorry ass to the curb anytime he wanted to. So Tony smiled politely and said, “I’m smart enough to be useful.”
“I should have been more careful introducing new things to you, and I never should have…”
Bucky didn’t answer. He just took another deep breath and exhaled, obviously having fallen asleep. Tony realized he was half hard and sandwiched between the two of them. Both their heads on either of his shoulders. He looked up at the ceiling, once again wondering how this was his life.
discuss it. He did play referee when things got a little too loud, but he made a point to comment that he understood both of their positions.
Then the thought struck Tony that Erskine was talking about it with
Steve looked up at them as they approached the table. “It’s a little warm in here,” Tony huffed as he sat down. “Too much for an old man’s heart. I wish they had some windows open. The December air would probably feel wonderful.” He gave as an excuse for their early return.
Tony kissed him to stop this unnecessary stream of self-doubt. He put as much passion into it as his exhaustion allowed. When he finally broke away from the kiss, he didn’t go far as he rested his forehead against Steve’s, sharing his breath with him.
He had a split lip. His nose had a trickle of blood coming out, and the skin around his right eye was already swelling and darkening. He was going to have one hell of a shiner. His knuckles were busted up too. So he’d landed a few punches, at least. Good for him.
“Buck,” Steve chided, but he could tell the blonde was amused. Or maybe he just hoped he was. “Let’s save the gunfire for the shooting range.”
Bucky waited, tensed and ready, as the minutes passed by, but no one made a move to come near him. Slowly, Bucky began to register the details of the room he was in. It was really beautiful and warm and dimly lit with a soft light that filtered from the corner on the opposite side of the space. Then, he recognized the identity of the other person in the room with him, and Bucky felt himself deflate as the knife dropped to the floor and he sobbed, “Steve.”
Before Steve could respond, another voice shouted, “Sarge! Holy shit! He’s alive!” And Steve watched a small group of men rush forward. The one who had shouted was the first to reach them. He was a large man with a bowler hat and striking mustache who reached them just as Bucky was sinking to his knees from exhaustion. The man was clearly struggling with his voice as he kneeled and choked out, “I thought I’d seen the last you. How did you hold on that long?”
This time Bucky pulled away. His eyes were wide as he asked, “How do you know about me and Steve?”
Not this, not falling in love with not one but two people who were already in a secret relationship with each other in fucking nineteen-forty!
“You don’t build anything halfway, and you sure as hell don’t start projects that you don’t intend to finish. Why are you making a weapon?” Steve asked stubbornly.
“Then, believe me when I say that there is no such thing as normal sex. Everyone is different, and as long as both people are consenting adults, they decide what gives them pleasure. You calling me daddy is not unheard of, it’s not unnatural. You did it because I was doing something
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Bucky choked out against his partner’s neck. “I promised I’d stay safe, and I…”
He decided that he’d dance around the truth and nodded. “I spent some time overseas. I was captured by the enemy and held for three months.” They both winced at that. “I don’t usually talk about it, both because I don’t like to, and I’m not supposed to.”
A large, middle aged man with dark hair and kind eyes rushed forward to greet them.
“I don’t mind at all.” Tony told him truthfully. “I could always use some conversation. I don’t really do quiet very well, and I’d probably end up talking the poor waitress’s ear off.”
be Bucky with everything that came with it. He’d probably just hate himself more than he already did once he discovered what was lost, what could have been, what
Tony continued, “You’ve proven them wrong by living this long. You made them eat their words at basic training when you completed the program, and you sure as hell showed them when you survived Rebirth today. I’m not gonna lie, Steve. This will be hard. You’ll have to swallow your pride and smile as you do it. You’ll be seen as a symbol instead of a person, and there will be some assholes who call you a joke. But I promise, Steve, I promise you will get your chance.”
“I agreed to help them.”
,” he choked out because he needed…he needed him.
Steve huffed in exasperation, but he smiled anyway. “We could cook for him. You know, recreate our first attempt at surprising him with a special dinner.”
Bucky went to the dresser and grabbed a clean shirt, holding it out to Tony. When he took the offering, Bucky turned his back to give him privacy as Steve left the room.
And here is a little spoiler-y treat. So stop reading if you don't want to know.
“OH, Fuck yes!” Tony gasped as his hands scratched at Steve’s chest to steady himself. The sweet burn of those nails digging into his skin spurred Steve on further.
“They don’t even know how much was actually destroyed,” Mr. McCarthy who ran the deli added angrily. “Or how many civilians were casualties. Fucking Bastards!”
He watched as Steve lifted himself up on his knees and grabbed Bucky’s dick to line him up with his opening. Steve’s head fell back as he began to sink down on it, panting for breath as Bucky groaned beneath him, and Tony watched as every thick inch slowly disappeared from view inside Steve.
Steve’s voice had sounded frantic. “
Steve and James shared a look.
“Good, we’ll do that. Go take fifteen minutes to eat or whatnot, and we’ll try to go through your marks on the stage for the show.” As Steve went to turn and move away, he called out, “And, Rogers?”
Tony hadn’t been in there for longer than a few minutes before he’d walked out with a smooth expression, approached Steve and asked if he was ready for lunch. Steve hadn’t been near enough to the room to hear what had been said through the door, but Jacobson never mentioned Tony again in the months that followed. The closest was that day on the boat, but like Steve had observed, no words were actually spoken.
“We’re not
“Hey,” Tony whispered as his hand moved to softly stroke his cheek, “I’m not going anywhere. If you think that I don’t have a plan to stay with the both of you, then you need more rest than I thought.”
“That’s better.” Bucky said as he grabbed the decanter Gianetta had left them to pour the wine in their glasses.
Tony leaned down to press a kiss on the small of his back and murmured, “I’ve got you, sweet boy,” before he pulled the finger back and pushed forward again.
Bucky re-entered the room and said more bluntly, “Let’s see the damage.” Before he handed Tony the water and some more pain relievers. Tony quietly took them and drank down the water. Bucky grabbed the glass and set it aside.
*Ottimo! Grazie!-Very well! Thank you!
Bucky smiled, and his eyes glazed over a bit. “It was amazing. All I could think about was how good it felt, and you were both touching me and talking to me.” Bucky came out of the thought and focused on him. “But that’s not what you meant, is it?”
“Don’t,” he said softly, but it was without heat. He slowly lifted a hand, hesitated then reached to grab Tony’s jaw, forcing him to meet his eyes. He seemed to be searching for something in the deep brown depths before exhaling deeply and continued in a murmur. “Ya know, I would do anything for that punk.”
Bucky took a ragged breath, clearly trying to get this out despite every instinct telling him be quiet. “What was wrong during dinner? You were talking about Tony, and then you couldn’t anymore. Talk to me. Please.”
“Wars cost money, Rogers.” Jacobson interrupted in exasperation. “I don’t think I need to remind you how little this country has at the moment.”
Tony stood before the door of Steve’s room. He’d gotten one for himself two floors down for the sake of propriety. He didn’t know who might show up at Steve’s room in the early morning now that Steve had a rehearsal schedule and people from the USO to manage him. He’d heard the senator say they would want Steve to start as soon as possible. Tony lifted his hand and knocked.
“Mrs. Byrne,” he began, “I don’t want to intrude on what isn’t my business, but I wanted to say that I’m sorry. You don’t deserve to be going through this.”
“Yes,” Steve groaned as his hips began to move faster. “Love the way your beard feels on my skin. Love your mouth. Fuucckk…” he moaned as his ground himself down on Tony’s tongue.
Bucky nodded and said, “Yes,” before he looked at Tony. “Can I daddy? I promised to listen to Steve.”
That’s all Steve registered before a blinding pain exploded behind his eyes. His strength left him, and he felt himself falling forward to the floor. He didn’t even feel the impact over the pain in his head. He was so dizzy. He was….He was…
His eyebrows narrowed as he frowned, “Bucky?”
“Damn Sarge,” Dugan said to his right, “Must be at least twenty bodies here. One heck of a plan you had.”
“Try me,” Steve told him. “I’m pretty sure Tony would help me.”
Tony gently pulled the hand from Steve’s grasp. “You go on. I’ll be there in a minute,” he said with a numbness that matched his hand, “I need another cigarette.”
Looking back at these new memories, Bucky wondered how he and Steve had been so naïve. The story Stark had told explaining why he didn’t have anywhere to go or the eventual evidence of just how brilliant the man was, but that’s common among the innocent. Trust was given far more easily. They were older now and had lived brutal lives since then. That innocence they’d once possessed was long gone.
He opened his eyes when the kisses stopped, realizing he was naked.
Steve began to remove his own clothes as he watched Bucky gently slide the jacket Tony was wearing off his shoulders and down his arms. The buttons of his shirt came next, and Steve matched each lost article of clothing with one of his own, a mirror image to what was being done to Tony.
Tony waved. “Not a problem. You always keep a bottle of the good stuff for me.” He turned to Bucky and motioned to the door. “Shall we?”
**Tony POV**
He shook his head ruefully. “I knew I shouldn’t have told you that.”
” Bucky had reminded him. “
As soon as they’d tried to do some magic to test the theory, a glowing rune had appeared on the back of Tony’s right hand. That bitch had branded him! Like an animal! Yucky magic tattooed on his skin.
The other two just laughed so he counted that as a win.
“Love you too, baby,” the other man slurred.
He exhaled. Fuck it. He loved them. He trusted them. If they didn’t mind, then he could do this. He grabbed the bottom of the shirt and pulled it off.
“You ever notice how much Bucky talks and gestures with his hands while he shuffles?” Steve asked. “He started figuring out those tricks when he was twelve. Taught a few to me after he got really good at it, and like you said, no one ever suspects me of cheating. I never cheat if money is involved though.”
“Quite extraordinary, really,” Monty said holding his cigarette. “I’d never expected anything of the kind.”
“Then just answer this,” Tony said because he was honestly getting pretty freaked out about what he was hearing. “What exactly is wrong with me? What are my injuries?”
or threaten me.”
Tony thought.
Tony smiled but had to be stubborn and ask, “What if we fail?”
Tony had made him promise. He'd made Bucky promise not to hesitate or second guess himself.
Bucky looked over Steve’s shoulder to Tony. “Asthma,” was all that he said. Steve was pale, and his breathing wasn’t getting any better as Bucky tried to soothe him, rubbing gentle strokes along his arms as Steve still clutched his small chest.
It was New Year’s Eve, and Tony was almost home. Home with Bucky and Steve, not home to his time, and that was OK. He was beginning to accept this new reality. He still missed his friends and his life, but each day was a little easier. He wished he could take credit for becoming so well adjusted, but it was really all Steve and Bucky. They just made life better.
It should have been awkward. They were in bed wearing their pajamas. It wasn’t, though, and he had to stop himself from openly crying again. He’d never had this. Not with Pepper. Not with anyone. For the first time in nearly two months, Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to go home. He didn’t think he could give this up. He’d trade the future, his fortune and his life to keep this as long as he could.
The sermon was a typical, he assumed, Christmas themed lecture. It wasn’t too bad, imparting the true gift of the holiday being their Lord, that they should be thankful and love their neighbors as God loved them. The usual, he figured. It was a nice thought if that was your thing. It ended with a solemn commentary on the war and upheaval in Europe. They should all count the blessing that they were safe and free and living in peace. Tony agreed with that last part.
Steve nodded. “And what you said, about me, no one but Bucky’s ever done somethin’ like that. Just like that first day when we met, you defended me.” Steve sounded like he was reassuring himself along with Tony and was seeing it in a different light now that he’d had time to think about it. “You made my problem your problem. That day, you promised to break his arm…” His voice full of emotion as he finished, “Then tonight, he tried to call me a queer and you just…kept your promise. You said me and Buck were worth…”
“We owe you for his life, too,” Dugan said as he tilted his head to where Bucky was sleeping as Tony watched over him. “I owe him my life a few times over, and after what they did…Well, I thought he’d finally died after we didn’t hear the screamin’ last night.”
He almost stopped when he heard another sound, but why stop? They’d hurt him regardless, and at least he could focus on this until then. He chanted, but almost paused when he heard a voice that could not be there. He decided to ignore it. He’d hallucinated before. He seen and heard his partners in his darkest hours as if reminding him to be strong. He’d known it wasn’t real, and that had made it worse.
Tony was about to beat that man until his ancestors felt it. A person didn’t need kneecaps, did they?
I'm glad you all decided to stick around. General consensus was that I am brilliant but evil. Hell, I'll gladly take it, LOL!
So, here we are. I want to give a great big thank you to everyone who has made it this far. I also have to say that my posting schedule will probably start being a few days longer. As you know I never originally planned to visit the present, but now it's like a little runaway train. No complaints, I'm enjoying the ride right along with you, but I am now having to create another story within this story that I had never outlined or given detailed thought to things like dialogue. To preserve my sanity and continue to do these characters justice, I will be giving myself more time.
The next day truly showed the impact of the attack on Pearl Harbor. People were talking about it everywhere. On the streets and at their jobs, people gathered and spoke out in anger and frustration with what had happened. Nothing had officially been declared, but the people of this country had made up their minds.
Tony activated the gauntlet in his watch while feeling like he should summon the whole suit. Before he could do that, however, a voice broke the silence. A woman’s voice. “Anthony Stark.”
“My middle name’s Buchanan.” He smirked ruefully. “There’s a lot of guys named James around here, so I’ve been called Bucky since grade school.” He looked Tony up and down, probably taking in the suit. “Appreciate your help, Mr. Stark.”
That, however, was a matter to be dealt with when the time came. Both of them were here with him now, and Tony was going to make the best of it. He looked at them. Both had their eyes closed, though Steve was obviously more relaxed than Bucky. Tony needed to change that. He couldn’t right now of course because Bucky wouldn’t feel better until they landed, but he could later. He knew just how to do it, too.
And yes, I do have a point. Money is necessary for things like food, clothes, water and electricity. Tony has now added another person to the boys already fixed income. We're about to see how Tony handles being broke and at the mercy of someone else's generosity, and because he doesn't have a penny to his name, how in the ever loving hell is he going to be able to afford coffee at $0.25 a pound?!
“Well, if that’s the case, Steve’s picked a good team.” Bucky observed. “I’d trust them with my life.”
“May I ask you a frank question, Mr. Stark?” The other man asked curiously.
Fuck the shower, Steve thought as he felt a tear threaten to slide down his cheek. “Of course, Love,” he answered and held open his arms.
“On my way to Bleeker Street in the Village. Want me to pick you up some those chocolate cranberry muffins you like?”
The young man smiled as he nodded his thanks and took Tony’s peace offering. Lighters were shared among the soldiers as the mood lifted, and they enjoyed the little comfort they had been given. He watched as Tony lit his own and deeply inhaled before blowing out a breath that had him visibly relaxing.
look at Tony. Trust that Bucky would see it anyway. That just made Steve even more conflicted about his recent feelings toward his teammate. He’d finally gotten Bucky back, his soulmate, but it wasn’t really his Bucky. Steve sometimes wondered if he wasn’t just so lonely and desperate that he’d latched on to Tony.
“Oh,” Steve said as he looked back to Carter who looked uncomfortable.
“Love you, Buck. So much. Missed this.” Steve groaned. “Keep touchin’ me. Faster.” Bucky must have done as he’d asked because Steve groaned even louder.
That didn’t mean Steve couldn’t remind Bucky that tact should be used in certain conversations.
“I do.” Bucky smirked.
Tony was becoming a pillar in the community, and his business was booming because of it. He couldn’t walk down the street without being stopped by at least three people asking how he was or if he could find the time to fix something of theirs. Women flirted and asked for his time, but he would politely refuse. He was courting someone, after all.
Byrne was looking at him in horror. He was right to. Tony meant every word.
Steve has a plan! And both boys have finally realized their feelings for Tony, it just took them almost losing him for it to happen. Oh, and I only told half the truth. There were both the boys POVs. Forgive me?
Tony nodded, and Steve quietly pushed the door far enough to look inside before turning back to Tony. “It’s a cell block. There’s row of cages that go back over a hundred feet, but there’s a catwalk above them where I see at least one guard patrolling. I think that’s our best bet if we time it right.”
Howard had scoffed. “I doubt even Philips expected you back already. We heard how bad the accident was,” Howard had looked him over once more, “but apparently the reports were exaggerated.”
Tony shrugged. “I’d have lifted some ether from the hospital, knocked his ass out, brought him to a side street at night and left him there naked. He’d have been arrested, discredited and his wife would have kicked him out. This way was a lot less work.”
**Tony’s POV**
“No, it was Anthony that was cursed.” Thor replied.
even as he knew they were only speaking the truth.
“Tony,” Bucky’s voice was firm, “talk to us.”
Tony had woken early to check on him, and it was good that he did because Steve had been very close to putting his fist through a wall. Apparently, Steve had problems trying not to rip his clothes or pop buttons as he dressed, so Tony had buttoned his shirt and trousers then assisted with his belt and shoelaces. They’d made their way to rehearsal together while Tony told him what his cover story would be to explain his presence at Steve’s side through the tour.
Yes, Steve thought, Tony could be scary. He could be evasive and reckless and rude, but he somehow always managed to be more than that. Tony noticed others and tried to help. That was who Tony was.
Steve watched as Tony gently leaned Bucky against the railing before he pulled off his pack and began searching through it. Tony’s hand reappeared with a length of rope as he quickly walked up to Steve and began wrapping it around the hand that wasn’t holding the shield.
“What happened?”
“Jerk,” Steve called back as he watched Bucky turn and walk away in search of Tony. Steve watched him for a moment before turning to walk farther into the enlistment center.
“He probably doesn’t moisturize.” Tony said flippantly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’re going to be alright.” Tony continued to say, rubbing his thumb along the younger man’s throat to keep soothing the frayed nerves he still sensed under the surface. “I’ve been working more than ever. It seems as though the good folk of Brooklyn can’t get enough of me,” he said pompously and earned a watery chuckle from them. “The only downside is that I won’t be able to get my own place soon, so I guess you’re both stuck with me a little while longer,” he joked.
Tony didn’t last more than four more thrusts, his hips pushed against Bucky’s ass, he buried himself in his lover’s spasming body and let go.
Keeping the rhythm of his hand on Bucky, he reached his other hand to circle Steve. “Fuck, baby boy, I can’t believe you hid this from me.” And he began jerking him at the same tempo as he was doing to Bucky. “I don’t know if I could’ve resisted getting this in my mouth.”
“I did!” Steve brightened. “I sold three pieces to two restaurants.”
Both of them groaned at that.
he heard couldn’t possibly be true. Then I explained to him the reality of what would happen if he went around spreading such a damaging and blatant lie like that to the neighborhood. I also could have implied that even though what he thought he heard wasn’t true, I happened to know something very true about him. Something that would be very unpleasant for him if it were to get out to certain people.”
Tony watched the disbelief on all of their faces at that. Morita said, “You don’t have to be tough for us, man. We all heard the screams the weeks we were there.”
. Bucky thought.
After his midday trip, he went to the hospital to do a routine check for anything that might require his attention. That’s when he heard news of the latest scandal. Nurse Byrne’s husband had run out on her. Left a note and gone. Tony looked properly appalled at hearing this, though internally he was just glad that the asshole was out if his life. Assuming responsibility for what he’d done and trying to be a good neighbor, Tony had then sought her out.
“Yes, please,” he answered before remembering, “thank you, JARVIS.”
“You can dance.” And Tony’s mind did not wander with the different possibilities of getting Bucky to dance for him. Nope. No half-naked lap dances here.
“I thought you were a businessman?” Confusion evident in his voice.
Steve’s eyes were wet as he took a deep, shaky breath. Bucky’s hand reached out to his and squeezed gently, giving comfort, before he pulled it back and silently knelt next to Tony.
The private nodded his head easily as he held his gun, “Yes, sir.”
Oh, now there was a question. How could he even begin to go into all the things he’d done and his preferences without coming off like the man-whore he knows everyone says he is.
Tony felt that familiar feeling of the world crashing down around him as his suspicions were being confirmed that no matter how hard he tried, he wouldn’t be able to change anything.
Bucky’s brow crumpled again. “What proves it?”
He looked over Tony again. His dark lashes were resting on the hollows under his eyes as he breathed softly in his sleep. Bucky’s eyes traveled down to the striking facial hair Tony maintained. New growth had grown across his cheeks, leaving them shadowed. He’d shave before he left the apartment today. Tony was meticulous about his grooming.
“We can pay you back,” Dugan offered, but Bucky knew Tony would never allow that.
When Tony finally pulled up to the infamous Sanctum Sanctorum, he repressed a shiver. Tony hated magic. A lot. And this was a place of nothing but magic. He could actually smell it in the air and feel it on his skin. Eww.
“James, what are you doing home so early?” He asked as he carried his grocery box to the kitchen. Steve was in there already, probably looking through the shelves for ingredients to throw together. An empty pot sat on the stove.
“This what you wanted, Tony?” Steve panted as he moved the man in his grip.
“Would you like that?” Tony asked as he grabbed the letter from Steve. “Because I could, Steve.”
He continued on his way, going to the very back of the lab. Bucky laid on the little couch that was squeezed between two hardware shelves. DUM-E came up to him holding a blanket, and he grabbed it before patting the little bot on its arm. He snuggled his face against the soft material and breathed deep. Tony. If he closed his eyes, it was almost like he was lying next to him.
The light rain created a haze over the earth, but he could still see the group as they stepped into the forest clearing. Following the path Bucky had had his men make, they were almost right where Bucky wanted them to be.
Love you all and thank you for reading! As always, comments give me life!
***Avenger’s Tower 2014***
He handed them their glasses and took a seat next to Steve as Eddie Cantor’s
They both chuckled at that.
would be able to break the curse if he severed the bond. Some might think it better than living throughout the decades trapped and alone. It could likely drive him mad.”
“Dugan, who’s here? How many of us did they take? How long have I been out?” He whispered urgently, preparing himself for the worst as he tried to ignore the stiffness in his body.
“Then what?” Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to hear it.
“Passed?” Steve asked in confusion before the full meaning of Thor’s words hit him. “You mean die? Until me and Bucky die?”
“Didn’t know Bucky could dance so well.” He nodded toward the center of the room where Bucky and his date were tearing up the floor to Frankie Masters’
Fuck, he was probably going to be sore as hell tomorrow, but he didn’t care. He’d done it.
“I think I’ll volunteer the Nazis for that one, sir.” Tony said seriously because he kind of believed the man’s threat. Tony wasn’t that anxious to test his healing factor, and he certainly didn’t want a bullet hole to worry about. Steve would freak the fuck out.
Tony’s eyes trailed down to stare at slightly parted lips. They would taste like wine and pie and Steve. God, he wanted to know what Steve tasted like. He leaned forward, and Steve’s breathing hitched, snapping him back to reality. What was he doing?
Bucky shrugged again, but there was something different in the depths of his eyes. “I don’t
, Tony thought ruefully.
“Even with the colors and safe words, if Bucky gets to the point where he doesn’t feel pain reliably because pain starts becoming pleasure, he most likely wouldn’t be able to say them anyway. That’s why it’s so important to watch out for this and remember the limits he sets ahead of time. Along with the euphoria, he could become dizzy or loose coherent thought. He will essentially be floating on these feelings.”
“Would you like some water, or something?” Steve asked as he fought with the lock that appeared to be sticking. Finally, the key twisted fully, and Steve turned the knob.
“Debatable.”
places had stolen the joy he’d felt that morning. Thankfully Tony was able to fix the situation. Again.
From behind him Steve heard Bucky’s voice, and it drew his attention. “Hey! Let’s here it for Captain America!”
It had taken weeks for Bucky to stop expecting it anytime someone entered the room he was currently in. Even without his memories, Bucky had been quite certain that he’d never gone so long without being punished, without going through maintenance and reconditioning. He had finally begun to trust Steve when he told Bucky that he was safe here.
Bucky made a noise that sounded like a yes then began moaning around the blonde’s cock. Tony made his thrusts longer and harder, pushing Bucky just a little bit farther around Steve. Less than a minute later, Tony watched as Steve’s eyes closed and his head fell back. He grunted then let his mouth stay open in a silent cry as he came hard down Bucky’s throat. He was so beautiful like that, it nearly took Tony’s breath away.
“Yeah, you’re just a little better at it than I am.” Steve said sarcastically. His voice softened as he continued, “I’m glad Bucky’s doin’ OK. I’m glad he found somethin’ he’s good at. I know he shouldn’t want to shoot people, but it’s kinda a relief to know he’s good at it. It might make me worry a bit less about him.”
Bucky had heard the impact of Tony’s back hitting the wall, just as he heard the sound their heads knocking together as Tony got Joe off of him. Joe stumbled, and with a few more quick punches and a kick, Joe was on the ground with Tony on his chest.
“Thank fuck,” Tony sighed as he ran a trembling hand through his hair. His nerves were shot. He’d heard the poor health stories, but this was different. This was real. Terrifying. He didn’t know how Steve lived like this, under constant threat that any minute his body would betray him, and he might die from it.
“I hadn’t really noticed,” Tony lied. He’d never really liked looking in the mirror and seeing his father’s eyes staring back at him, like he could still be watching over everything Tony did in some fucked up way in Tony’s head.
There had to be a way to fix this. Tony didn’t care if he never got back to his time; he’d long since given it up to be with his two loves, but this was a problem he
“I don’t think I could do that, Tony.”
“Why?” Clint asked concerned, slipping into the serious role of Hawkeye. “Did something happen to Steve?”
if he trusted Strange, not Steve. Which meant that James trusted Tony’s judgement. Well, how about that?
“We were ambushed.” Tony gulped, remembering. “The soldiers around me were shot before they could run five steps. Bombs were falling. I was trying to get to safety when one went off right in front me. I caught the shrapnel in my chest.”
He wanted them. Both of them. Hell, he was falling for them both.
“That’s right, baby,” Tony breathed as he started moving, a slow rise that was a sweet torture, “let yourself go. Ah, I want you to feel good. I want you to enjoy this new body. You don’t have to worry about this.”
Bucky’s broken and tentative question made Steve want to go back in the shower and cry again. Instead, he just answered, “Of course, Buck, you don’t have to ask for that. You’re always welcome in here.”
Bucky was a little overwhelmed at that because it made a lot of sense. He did like the freedom from responsibilty. Tony even thought he was strong to ask for it?
Tony nodded slowly. “Yeah, fair point, I guess. But wait, you two are OK with the three girls shacking up and all that?”
The men around them laughed harder, but Tony and his partners just exchanged meaningful glances. As the laughter died away, Bucky asked, “So what is your active duty name going to be, Tony?”
“You alright, kid?” Tony had to remember not to use his name. They were supposed to be strangers, after all.
There was silence, and oh, that was much better. So quiet, no machine noises. It could feel Steve’s hand on its own, but it watched the Stark’s hands because he was performing the maintenance. He would be the one to punish it.
He watched as Steve thought over everything Bucky had just told him, and he could see the blonde accepting that it was true. Steve sighed, “Trust Tony to make me eat my words seventy years in the past.”
“It’s like some weird metal glove,” Steve said as he leaned over to look at it. “What is it supposed to do?”
Bucky nodded his head once at his loyal friend’s answer. The guy was around Tony’s age, but he’d never had a problem following Bucky’s orders, and Bucky
Steve grabbed his jacket and slid his arms through the sleeves. He liked leather because he didn’t have to worry as much about his strength with the durable material. Tony was dressed in his black wool peacoat that ended at his hips. He wore a deep grey scarf and charcoal pants along with black boots to complete his outfit. The clothes combined with the glasses and beard made him look very imposing.
Bucky panted over him. “I do.” He said as he pulled Tony’s thighs farther apart, almost bending him in half, so he could see all of Tony’s chest. “You’re so strong to have survived that.” He pulled his hips back, letting Tony get a breath before pushing back in. “It makes me feel safe knowing that you promised to take care of me. When I feel them on my skin,” he groaned as Tony swallowed around him, “it just makes me want you even more.”
Steve didn’t understand what Bucky could possibly be sorry about. Steve was the one who… “You too?” Steve hissed incredulously as understanding dawned on him.
Bucky watched as the guys got over yet another shock, and one by one stepped forward to give their names and receive their room keys.
“Holy shit! Tony, you made a washing machine!” Bucky looked floored.
Tony took one step toward Howard, and his voice became a deadly sheet of thin ice, waiting for Howard to take a misstep and fall through. “Or you can go home, lay your pretentious ass down on your big feather bed, and go to sleep. But know this, Howard. If anything happens to jeopardize the safety of the man we use this on, it will be the
Tony raised an eyebrow. “I don’t?” He asked with some disbelief.
“No, not that.” Steve blushed as he continued, “Jacobson just told us that we’re going overseas. We’re going to perform for some of the troops. He’s says it’s a morale boost or something.”
As he drew, he thought about the men next to him. He wasn’t supposed to love either of them the way he did, but it couldn’t be helped. One day, Bucky would get married like was supposed to. Maybe Tony too. If Steve actually found a woman who’d have him, he would probably marry her because that’s what fellas did.
“Steve, look at me, baby.” Tony softly ordered.
So Steve wanted to be mad, but he couldn’t. He was worried though.
“I know that, Stevie, but planning his return right now is a hell of a lot better than worrying about not getting him back.”
“Guys?” He asked, worry starting to seep in. “Are you alright?”
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupted, “if you wish to make your appointment, I suggest you leave within the next five minutes. Traffic reports show congestion on your travel route.”
Tony started to undo the buttons on Bucky’s shirt, kissing along his jaw as his hands moved down. He nibbled on his earlobe before sucking it into his mouth as he pulled out the last of the fabric from his pants.
“If I remember correctly,” Bucky said as he rubbed his face against Steve’s chest where his head lay, “it was my job to call you out on crap. And I love you, too, punk.”
Steve sighed then looked at him. “Sorry, Tony. I won’t have time to cook dinner and your pie. Can you manage?”
Steve finally got the girl, kind of. And gasp! Steve and Bucky are together? Who could have seen that coming? Those sneaky boys. This may seem like a step back for Tony with the pining and angst, but like I said in the beginning, this needed to happen for other realizations to be made.
She just hmm’d as she stood back to look at him with her hands on her hips. What she saw, Tony couldn’t guess at. She finally huffed and said, “Please take care of yourself, you stubborn fool. Some of us actually worry about you.” He saw her eyes look over to Steve in the kitchen before returning to him. She added in a quieter voice, “Some of us more than others. Don’t make this difficult for him, Tony. He was very upset after your accident.”
“It’s quite amusing,” she continued. “What you wish is easily achieved, Anthony. Do you truly long to know your Captain and his Sergeant?”
He was so sensitive. It felt even more sensitive than in the memories he’d just been focusing on, and that was…good? Bucky watched as he lightly trailed his fingers along the clothed outline of his cock. Yes, he decided, that was very good. Feeling a thrill that he couldn’t explain, he popped open the buttons of his leathers and slid his hand inside. Skin on skin was even better. He supposed he had already known that through his memories, but it was still kind of exciting to confirm it. It still felt more intense than a memory.
“Of course I wouldn’t write him off for that! Even if I wasn’t crazy about both of…,” Tony stopped as he filtered through what Bucky had just said. “Did you say we?”
They didn’t laugh.
Tony grabbed Steve by the hips and pulled the smaller man into his lap causing him to gasp. His hands slid to Steve’s ass and squeezed the flesh hidden by his boxers. “I told you on the day we met that anyone who looked at you and saw an easy target needed to get their eyes checked, and you haven’t proven me wrong.”
Tony felt the words relax something inside of him. If he could admit that magic was real, and that destiny was an actual force in this universe, could he believe the same about hope and love? He thought of his boys and how much he loved them. He thought of how fiercely he would protect them, how he would cling to the idea that in the end he would be able to keep them.
It had been harder than he’d imagined, listening to Steve’s pain and hearing how lonely he’d been while having to bear it. Listening to how Steve thought about himself had been the hardest. It had hurt Bucky so much that he’d become angry, and that in itself was something new for him. Emotional pain was not something he was used to dealing with, and he’d felt a lot of it today.
Bucky just shook his head so Steve picked up the story. “He came by not long after you’d left this mornin’. He said he knew what he’d heard us doin’ last night, and he wasn’t gonna live next to that.” Steve took a steadying breath. “ He said we needed to leave, move out, or he’d tell everyone and call the cops.”
She smiled softly. “I’ve known about those sweet young boys for years now. When you moved in I wondered, but…It isn’t my place to say anything one way or the other.”
They were almost at the front of the cinema house when they heard a faint crash from the alley to their right. They both looked at each other, and as their eyes met, they both said, “Shit.”
“Good things, I hope?” Tony asked before looking at the other guys. “So, fellas. Now that I’ve dotted some i's and crossed some t’s, what’s say we find a place to put your gear?”
The now familiar screech of the metal door made Bucky and the men around him shudder as they clumsily jumped to their feet. This was the worst thing about being here. The fear and helplessness this moment inspired was worse than everything else combined. It was also a sick sense of irony. Bucky had noticed that the ones taken were the healthiest or strongest. Not that it meant much in this place.
Or maybe he was fucked up enough to get off on the thought of Bucky naked and sweating, talking dirty in that woman’s ear as he prepared to drive himself into her with Steve so close Tony could easily grab him and grind himself against the younger man, relieving this ache until he came. FUCK
***Bucky’s POV***
Steve took the tray looking worried, along with the others, Tony noted. “Tony, you don’t need to go alone…”
“This is so weird,” Clint said. “It’s like suddenly remembering something I forgot. Like I had learned about the Commandos a long time ago but had forgotten the name Anthony Sutton until just now. That's why I didn't notice at breakfast. It’s always been Captain America and his seven Commandos.”
Bucky looked at his friend, taking in the man’s serious expression under his signature hat, and felt himself give a half-hearted smile. “If we make it back, then you can thank me, Dum.”
“You’ll get sick of me!” Tony blurted out and held up a hand to stop Steve’s argument. “No, you don’t understand. I will admit that I’m strung out and emotionally exhausted, but it has nothing to do with this cut. I’ve been able to stay busy and away enough so you haven’t noticed. I’m selfish and difficult and reckless and could count the friends in my life with one hand. Everyone else saw it. With enough time you will too, and I….” His voice broke as he looked to the side, “I can’t stand the thought of you seeing me that way.”
He and Tony had received a letter from Bucky a couple of weeks back. It was not promising. There was an edge to it. He’d been thrown into combat almost immediately. Steve knew that he had already lost people, had killed people. The things he’d wrote and described were harsh, and Steve couldn’t begin to imagine what it was like for him there. Tony had just looked defeated after he’d read the letter.
“He’s our teammate,” Steve countered, but Bucky noticed that Steve did not correct him about Barton being an ass. “You can’t just shoot his phone if he annoys you. Use your words.”
Both their jaws dropped.
He swiftly turned to press his back against Mr. Bruised Kidney’s and reached up and behind him to wrap both hands around the front of his opponent’s throat. He violently bent forward and pulled up against the man’s chin, flipping him over his back to slam chest down on the ground in front of Tony.
Tony moved to kiss his neck, his breath was hot on Bucky’s skin as he started speaking softly. “I was having the most wonderful dream, honey.” He said as he licked a stripe along the curve of Bucky’s neck. Fuck, Bucky was sensitive there. “You were in it, and you made the sexiest sounds.”
“That’s my sweet boy,” the other man told him as he held Bucky’s hand and led him to the other room.
“Are you OK?”
“Considering you’ll also be getting a few medals while you’re there,” Bucky told him, “I doubt that they’ll have a problem with your request. Especially since they’ve already given in to every request you’ve made so far.”
Steve shrugged. “Sometimes it’s best to get out what’s bothering you before you can really enjoy what makes you happy.”
I've never said this, but I do apologize for any mistakes to my typing and whatnot. This is unbeta'd.
“Fine, I guess it wouldn’t be too bad to sit while I can, enjoy the scenery for a bit,” Bucky said as he looked at the trees and moon above him like he'd never seen them before, or like he thought he'd never see them again. After a while he looked back to Steve. “I still wanna know what happened to you, Steve. How are you here? How are both of you here, and you’re so big…and a Captain?”
They both groaned, and he held still to give Bucky time to adjust. “Fuck, sweetheart, you feel so good.” He said breathlessly, and Bucky clenched around him at the praise. “So good for me,” he repeated as he squeezed both hips in his hands, getting a firm grip then began to move.
“Yes, sir, I do.” Steve answered, and Tony could hear the emotion in those words.
Just like he was using Steve and Bucky now
want, Tony?”
Tony nodded. “Ovviamente, I can’t thank you enough my friend,” he answered as they walked through the restaurant to a curtained door in the back. “I know this was last minute.”
That’s why it hurt so much. Because they were in love with each other and always had been. Tony was their friend at best, and an interloper at worst, disrupting their lives because he shouldn’t even be here. It didn’t matter what he wanted because he could not have it.
, Tony thought,
, Steve knew Bucky was thinking but didn’t say. He knew it was something that Bucky secretly craved, something he hated that he craved.
Steve stared at Bucky, foolishly hoping to see something different in his eyes, in the set of his mouth, anything. Bucky just returned his stare blankly.
Enough of this, Steve thought. “Just please tell me if he’s alive, sir. B-A-R…”
Tony watched the scientist leave with an odd sense of exhaustion. Was that it!? It seemed anticlimactic after all the worrying Tony had done. Could it be that simple? Tony supposed that he should just be thankful things appeared to be working out for him, but it was a bitter victory. Yes, this stage of his plans was on schedule, but the hard parts hadn’t even begun yet.
Panting and sweaty Tony gently pulled out of Bucky who collapsed onto the mattress, satisfied and exhausted. He sat back and collected his breaths, waiting for his heart rate to slow and the fog to fully clear from his head. He looked down at the condom still wrapped on his dick, knowing he’d have to get up and dispose of it.
“When I told you that you are a hero, have always been my hero, I meant that.
It didn’t know what the voices meant. It didn’t know why looking at the weapon made the voices speak, but as it continued to look at the weapon, it heard another voice. The voice of a child.
The sorcerers had been at a loss when he’d shown up at the Sanctum. After hearing his admittedly crazy story, they grudgingly agreed to test its authenticity. And yes, Tony had been telling the truth. And no, they could not help him.
Bucky nodded his head against Tony’s shoulder. “We’ll be at war soon. They’ll set up more enlistment centers and start sending out the draft notices.”
Tony slid his palm up to cover Joe’s nose as well as his mouth to suffocate him, and Joe began panicking as he desperately tried to free himself with one good arm.
They’d arrived at the little town, and everyone else was busy trying to unload what they’d need to spend the night and find out where they’d be sleeping. Tony had motioned for Steve to follow him away from others.
“Fine, you little brat,” Tony huffed before looking at Bucky. “Barnes, you’re my new favorite. You get the extra cookie from now on.”
Steve watched as Bucky kissed and reassured Tony that he was fine with Tony being in control if they ever decided to do that. Steve was also digesting a lot of information. He never realized sex could be so complicated and come with so many rules. He was very grateful that Bucky and him had never accidently crossed into what Tony had been describing.
“Yes, there Stevie. God, you’re hands always feel so good.” And oh, Tony recognized that voice. That was his sex voice. But what the hell? They weren’t…
And of course, that jackass Jacobson flapping his mouth excessively the whole way across the continent. Tony should have pushed him into the Atlantic when he’d had the chance. Not really, but it was fun to think about. At least the man had kept his senses and not spoken directly to Tony in any way, shape or form. He was keeping to their…. agreement, for lack of a better word, and Tony believed they were both benefiting from it. He really did. Tony had promised the man that as long as he pretended Tony didn’t exist, Tony would be a silent guardian angel and make sure that nothing
Bucky was out on the dance floor with his date. Both of them seemed to be having a great time as they danced and spun. Each couple seeming to complement each other perfectly; the dancers, the mechanics, and the artists. Steve looked like he was having the time of his life.
Tony heard fumbling followed by a crash and a curse before the door was suddenly pulled open. He looked up into Steve’s red-rimmed eyes before the now taller man pulled him into a bone crushing hug. Steve was shaking as he practically carried Tony through the doorway and into the room, somehow managing to close the door behind them as Tony gasped, trying not to breathe too deeply and break a rib.
“Do you want to talk about what’s been botherin’ you?” Steve asked, not sounding particularly hopeful that it would happen.
Steve smiled softly. “It worked, too. After everything, and us being here living with him…I wish I’d just told him I was wrong. I was smitten with him, fascinated by everything. All of his quirks and contradictions frustrated and entertained me. I wish he knew that before all of this happened, and I wish he knew I really didn’t think that about him.”
“I can’t save you, Bucky,” Steve finished, “not by myself. You have to help me. I’ll be there every step of the way, but you have to want to get there. Not just for me or Tony or the others, but you need to want it for yourself. You were right when you told me to give myself a break, that I was putting too much on myself that was out of my control. Now I’m begging you to consider if you can do that for yourself.
. He remembered running home that day and telling his mother that he had a new name, a better name that his new friend had given him. She had smiled and laughed. She’d been wearing a flowered dress. He remembered his mother. He remembered her laugh.
Tony’s mind flashed back to the helicarrier when he’d offered Captain America a blueberry. “Yeah, blueberries are my favorite.”
“Yes?” Tony had answered though it’d sounded more like a question.
He angled his hips to hit the magic spot that would reduce Steve to an incoherent mess, and he was rewarded by his second thrust. Steve jerked beneath him, and Tony felt the thin muscles of Steve’s upper arms flex under his hands as Steve’s prostate was hit. Tony knew it was probably still sensitive from their first round on the couch, and he was going to use this mercilessly.
Without his weapon Joe launched against him and tackled him into a wall.
“Well, let’s dig in before it gets cold. Here,” he went to hand the carving knife to Bucky, who shook his head refusing.
Tony was confused. “But I…”
Tony felt hands touch him before arms surrounded him, and he started to push them off because he needed to breathe, and they were too close!
Bucky’s blood froze. The reality of their situation finally crashing down and making him feel hollow as he looked at Dugan and Gabe. He knew their faces must have mirrored his own at the moment. They really were in the Devil’s basement.
Steel that had blushed at the faith shown in him by Tony, and that was…Well, Tony didn’t know what that was. It certainly wasn’t adorable, and if his stomach fluttered before he looked back down to the gears he was checking below Barnes’s elbow, it was surely because he was hungry. Right?
Bucky nodded and seemed to force himself to meet Bruce’s face. “The same as Steve says,” he answered. “I can remember things when I try to, but I’m not forced to relive them as I’m getting the memory. Some things have begun to remind me of events in the past since we met Tony. It’s…I kinda like it.”
Tony listened to his father as different emotions flowed through him. He’d heard bits and pieces of this growing up, but it had never been spoken this way, a casual conversation of what had shaped Howard into the man he became.
God Tony loved them. They were not blind to his faults, but they chose to love him anyway. Even if it was admitting that Tony had a tendency to violence when pushed far enough. He didn’t deserve them.
“The master suite is the door to the left,” Tony told him as he grabbed Bucky’s hand. “Do either of you know the best thing about a master suite?”
Tony had been right.
“You want my advice, Howard?” Tony spat. “Acting like a self-absorbed, petty and contemptuous bag of dicks is not going to do you any favors in life. Even fake humility is more palatable than being forced to choke on your smug bullshit.”
Steve nodded as he started backing toward the bathroom. “I guess I’ll wash up before bed.” He said before he turned and left, closing the door behind him.
2.)Using a straw broom to sweep the floor sucked too. The dirt and dust just slipped through the bristles. How was this even a thing?
Before he knew it, Thanksgiving was there. The trees in the parks were filled with reds, golds and browns. A freak cold front had almost frozen the city five days before, the low temperature odd for so early in the season. Steve had gotten very sick and had had to go to the doctor, fluid was starting to form in his lungs. Tony hadn’t batted an eye when he paid the hospital at the end of Steve’s stay. He merely waved off Steve and Bucky’s protests that it wasn’t his job to pay for things like that, and they would work out a payment arrangement.
Bucky and Tony took position at both his sides, and Steve gave the order for them to begin. Calls were given down the line. The sound of engines in the trucks and tanks could be heard roaring to life before one last call was made, and they all began their march.
He tore off his own shirt and pants as he watched Steve follow his command. The young man was flushed and breathing heavily as he settled fully naked on the cushions in front of Tony once more. Tony could feel himself hardening at the sight of Steve submitting below him. The blonde’s neck was elongated as he looked back to Tony. His thighs were spread with his feet resting flat on either side of Tony’s knees, giving Tony a heart stopping view of between his legs.
From behind Bucky, Steve could see Tony smiling proudly at him. The brunet winked before he grabbed Bucky by the shoulder and said, “That means you’re going to follow his orders and get some sleep, too, Sergeant. I see a nice piece of ground over there that has your name on it.”
of them…are lovers?” And yeah, Steve’s mind was clearly supplying him with some visuals as well. However, it was Tony’s turn to be shocked by what he said next. “Well, that works out, I guess. We both had a good time, and I don’t have to worry about disappointing her with not wanting anythin’ serious.”
“Never say never.” Tony told him. “I truly believe in you, Steve. I know what you’re capable of, and I can’t wait for everyone else to get to see it. You’re so much stronger than you realize.”
No, they were distraught upset, and that sent Tony into angry protective mode. What had happened during the day?
When Tony wakes up, he's not in Kansas anymore. Alone in a strange place, he struggles to remain calm until he runs into a somewhat familiar face.
“I had him on the ropes,” Steve said as he wiped the dirt from his hand before pressing it to the side of his head. From behind Bucky, Tony snorted but didn’t comment.
“Look,” Bucky sighed before he continued in a lower voice that Tony had to strain his ears to hear, “I’m gonna go find Tony. Just…just be careful. Don’t get yourself arrested over doin’ something stupid.”
“If you mean when you met him in this century, then no,” Bucky said shaking his head. “Was it that bad?”
“You and me both,” Tony chuckled, mixing the batter in the bowl he was holding. “Ryan’s a good man, but his temper even puts me on edge.”
“You’re thinking of him, huh?” Bucky asked from where he lay across Steve’s lap, watching Steve’s face. He’d moved there over an hour ago. “You’re thinkin’ of Tony.”
“Tony? Tony?”
Sam asked the question right before Steve could. “How is that even a thing?” He held up a hand to stop any reply Bruce was about to give. “I know that I’m not exactly an expert on neuroscience or time travel, but that seriously doesn’t make any fucking sense, man.”
The stunned looks returned to their faces, and Tony knew where this was going so he cut them off.
“Well, I’m going to worry regardless because that is what I do.” Tony added. “That reminds me. I have to report tomorrow for a consultation.”
Bucky leaned against the steel edge of the table he was clutching as warmth filled his chest and a sense of awe swept through him. He pushed away at the memories and feelings even harder.
“I’ve probably signed your death certificate, and you’re thanking me,” Phillips said as their hands separated.
Monty shook his head sadly. “I’m afraid I am the last one of my unit to have made it this far.”
Tony paused to grab a newspaper from a young boy selling them on the corner. He handed the boy a quarter. “Keep the change kid.” Tony said as he resumed walking.
“What does Howard have to do with this?” Steve asked, and Tony wanted to roll his eyes that Steve was already on a first name basis with the man.
“I know he is, Steve.”
“I don’t remember much about him either,” Sam added. “I just know he was a Commando with Cap and Bucky.”
“So glad to be home,” Bucky told them as he pushed back the brim of his hat to see them better. He reached out a hand as if to touch Tony’s face but thought better of it at the last minute, and it landed on his shoulder. “I was so worried about you, honey. Thank God you’re alright,” he said as his eyes were taking in the almost healed bruising on Tony’s temple and cheek. Tony knew his beard was probably hiding more of the greenish bruises along his jaw.
“Do you like this, sweet boy?” He asked as his breath ghosted against his wet entrance.
“All I’m saying is that maybe you shouldn’t be looking at healthy soldiers.” Tony shrugged, hoping he wasn’t about to fuck up. “Maybe you should look for a good man who can’t serve, but still refuses to take the word
“Homemade eggnog,” he answered as he shook the bottle of quality bourbon he’d retrieved from its hiding place. He’d gotten it in payment for fixing a stove. “The perfect holiday nightcap.”
“Is there anything else the history books left out?” Sam asked as he added a piece of bacon on top of his waffle before eating it.
**Bucky’s POV**
A lot of important character moments the movie didn't seem to have time for. The future Commandos meet Steve and Tony. Colonel Phillips calls Tony in for a meeting. What happens when Tony tags along throughout the aftermath of the escape from the HYDRA facility. In the present, changes are noticed, and Bucky takes a walk down memory lane.
Steve looked at him, confused.
The focus of every prisoner was on the doctor. He was the one who always chose, and Bucky was pretty certain that he was responsible for the screams. He knew the men were dragged away to the direction of the factory, but the screams that echoed through the vents in the prison floor suggested it was below them. He wondered if that was on purpose, to keep them afraid.
He just kept talking about Steve and how he’d promised to protect him. And even though Bucky would admit that he was a little scared of Tony in that moment, a warmth spread through him when he heard the man so upset over Steve getting hurt.
Bucky moaned louder when Steve’s fingers changed their angle, and fresh pleasure shot through his body. He wanted to move and chase the feeling. He needed more, but he would wait. They would give him what he needed.
Steve asked, “You said our brains make chemicals?”
Tony shrugged. “Why not? Like I told you, it doesn’t work right now anyway. I can’t finish it in a hotel room when I have no way of getting the missing pieces. It’s about as dangerous as a toaster.”
Tony nodded. “Yes, some people call it play, hence the term roleplay, but that is an even broader umbrella term that we can discuss later.”
Steve looked stunned. “What would you have done if he hadn’t listened?”
Bucky smiled and teased. “We were waiting on you, punk. I wanted to eat, but Tony said it’d be impolite or something.”
***Medical Floor, Avengers Tower 2014***
“Thank you,” Tony said, taking it from him. “The usual. There’s a married couple three blocks over who have lighting problems in the old home their trying to fix up. The diner down the block is having trouble with their refrigeration unit. I need to check in with the butcher that the freezer upgrade I did for him is working the way he wants because he said he might want me to do the same to his other one.”
He kissed Steve calmly then pulled back to look at both of them. “You’re right,” he repeated, “He didn’t say either. In fact he didn’t say much of anything. I did most of the talking.  I explained in very simple terms that what he
Tony looked up from a picture of a woman on her knees, mouth open in invitation and looking up through long half-lowered eyelashes. “What he tells you?”
“No!” Steve said firmly. “I know you, Bucky. You never wanted to kill anyone. You even hated fighting when we were kids, but you did it to protect me. You always looked out for me.”
Steve had only gone a handful of times after he’d been found nearly three years ago. He hadn’t liked the sessions or the thought of them. Talking to some stranger that was paid to listen to your problems had not appealed to Steve. In his defense Steve had grown up with a mistrust of psychiatric anything and the people who worked in that field. He’d grown up knowing that it was best to keep your secrets to yourself.
Once they were alone, Steve said, “He’s here, Tony. We’re close.”
Tony walked out the lab and headed for the elevators. He was unforgivably late for dinner with Steve, but he knew his baby boy would forgive him anyway, which was good because Tony was exhausted. He wanted to curl up around Steve and hold him as he processed everything that had been said tonight between him and his father.
Then, suddenly a memory popped into his head, and before he could think on it, Bucky spoke. “Clint, you were in the circus. Right?”
Tony pulled out his freshly issued army identification card and said, “Charge everything to Anthony Sutton, but I want the rooms assigned to my friends in their names along with their keys. Fellas?” He turned back to look at the group expectantly.
Is what he really wanted to say.
Tony’s mind shorted out as Bucky closed the distance between them and pressed a kiss against his lips. His hand still on Tony’s jaw keeping them together. It was gentle and chaste and lasted for all of three seconds, but it left Tony dizzy.
Steve ignored James’s comment. “What does Strange want?”
Bucky inhaled but didn’t say anything.
“Well, whatever the percent,” Bucky said, “I love that man and his cooking so shake a leg. In four days I’ll be eatin’ army grub.”
Steve was the one who answered. “O’course we’re not upset with you, Tony. It’s just…Mr. Byrne.”
He gently ran his hand down Bucky’s spine and felt him relax and lean into the touch before turning to look at him. His beautiful eyes were filled with something that hadn’t existed yesterday, hope and love, and Steve knew he could do this. He would focus on supporting and loving Bucky as he hoped that the rest of team found a way to help Tony.
After what felt like an eternity, Bucky finally spoke, and he heard the emptiness of his voice. “I’m not sure if I’m worth all this, Steve.”
“I was thinking spaghetti.” He said as they walked to the kitchen. “If that’s alright with you? Really I’m good with anything.”
“Well, if it isn’t the Star-Spangled Man with A Plan. What is your plan today?” He asked with that usual bite in his tone. He looked past Steve and saw Tony. “What the hell is Stark doing here?”
As Tony unlocked the door to their apartment, he was once again wondering if he should tell the boys about his new job as an army consultant. Legally, he was not allowed to, but as a devoted and honest partner he was feeling pretty guilty keeping this to himself. God knows he already kept so much from them. He knew Steve would find out as soon as he got approved for the program, but Bucky wouldn’t know until…
“Thank you, Francesco, you’ve already been too kind.” Tony called to the retreating man.
At that moment Fredrick Williams walked past them and kicked Bucky’s bunk. “Says the biggest slut in the borough.”
Bucky sighed. “That would be nice. We’ll make his favorite pasta and could get some of that wine. It wouldn’t affect us, but it would still be nice.”
Bucky looked surprised as he must have realized that his two sets of friends didn’t actually know each other. “Right, uh, Timothy Dugan you know from my letters while training. The Brit is James Montgomery Falsworth, but please, call him Monty cuz we don’t need another James. The guy with the big gun by Tony is Gabe Jones. Jacques Dernier is French, obviously. He was in the Resistance and likes to make things explode.”
Now that the sun had set, the temperature continued to drop, and though Tony had improved the radiator a couple weeks back, it still wasn’t enough to keep the chill out of the apartment. The walls were too thin and so were the cheap window panes that only seemed to let out the heat while letting in the cold. It wasn’t good for Steve who was still recovering and under doctor’s orders to stay dry and warm.
Steve rolled his eyes, but he wore a tiny smile. “I’ll come quietly.”
Bucky had been happy for Steve finally getting somewhere with a date, of course he was, but it had hurt a little too, behind his teasing questions. This was how Steve felt every time Bucky was with some dame, and it definitely hurt. But what choice did they have? They had lived together for too long to not make time with the girls they went out with.
“Right, “Tony said, but internally wondering if Bucky could really teach him all of that in one evening.
(See the end of the chapter for
“At ease,” Tony said before he slapped Steve’s ass to make him be still. “You’re gonna kill me.” He laid Steve out on the bed and climbed on top of him. Tony’s arm moved off to the side, disappearing under his pillow before returning with a condom and small tin of Vaseline.
One of Tony’s hands released Steve’s hip to move higher and gently squeeze around his throat. Steve choked, and Tony watched as his eyes rolled back in pleasure from grip around his airway. Steve loved being choked (which was ironic for an asthmatic). For some reason during sex, he loved the threat of being unable to breathe. Tony felt him swallow tightly beneath his fingers as he continued fucking him.
It was disrespectful and rude by any of the social norms in today’s society.
wear red lipstick?”
On the rare occasions when he’d returned home, the family’s butler Jarvis would make this just for Tony. Angel hair pasta with chicken sautéed in butter, white wine, lemon and garlic with a pinch of salt and black pepper added at the end. He hadn’t had it since Jarvis died. He’d told them about it when he’d been laid up in bed two days ago.
Tony tilted his head to make sure his jaw was lax enough around Steve then tightened his hold on Bucky’s hips. He began fucking him faster, building to a savage pace and only hitting his prostate every few thrusts.
It was not the first question he’d expected.
“Life really loves to remind us that we aren’t in control, doesn’t it?” Tony asked, revealing a thought constantly plaguing him these days.
Steve couldn’t understand how Tony saw himself, and while he wasn’t as smart as Tony, he could see the pattern forming. Tony didn’t think he was worthy of love. It was the only time his confidence was shaken, when the emotional armor he must have been building up his whole life cracked just a little.
“A colonel?” Bucky asked almost incredulously. “Why did you meet with an army colonel?”
“So, you did hear me, oh good, I’d hate that you missed it.”
“Busy mind,” Tony said, slightly surprised, “how did you guess?”
Tony shrugged. “He needed someone to help him.” It wasn’t a lie, just not the full truth. “The kid had no one. His only friend was already here fighting, and despite what people want to believe, he didn’t magically become perfect after the serum. It took weeks for him to learn how to live normally again.” Tony could have sworn he saw some guilt in the Colonel’s eyes at that. Tony continued, “I figured that I knew about the serum, and I didn’t have a job or family anyway, so I offered to help him. I didn’t care about the money because I’d had enough stashed away to get by on. I just like being useful.”
“Shhh, love,” Steve told him, rubbing his back. “It’s alright. I know I’m not the same, and I know I can’t be. I’ve changed in a lot of ways that that can’t be undone, and you don’t have to apologize for noticing that. I miss Tony, too. I miss what he helped me see in myself and what he helped me become, but I miss him for what he gave you, too. He never had the history that we had. He never had expectations for you when you came here. He always just saw you for you, past and present. He didn’t know you as a child or a teenager. He just saw a man that he admired and respected, and he grew to love that man. He cherished you, and I try…Bucky, I try so hard to separate the past from now, but it’s one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do, and I know that isn’t fair to you, either. What’s important is that we can remind each other of what we’ve both lost, and that we can have small pieces of that moving forward. Maybe also learn to appreciate who we are now.”
! He couldn’t lose them. He couldn’t lose them. He couldn’t…
“Update this information every half-hour, JARVIS” Steve added. “I have a feeling more papers will just be randomly published by then. It’s like everything he’s doing takes time to catch up to us.”
Tony added, “That’s perfectly alright. The term daddy fits into what Bucky wants from me, and what I give him; caretaking, protection with a sense of authority, even the spankings. You can call me Tony or whatever else feels comfortable at the moment.”
Tony opened his mouth to protest, but Bucky cut him off. “Nope. No arguments. Getcha ass movin’, Stark, or you can sleep in a hospital bed.”
Steve groaned as he kept pushing back against Tony’s hand. “UUnnhh, yes, Tony. More, I need more.” Steve liked a fast prep; he relished the burn it caused.
Tony could hear his voice rising with every word as his breathing hitched, but he couldn’t stop. “Bucky, we know you are not a bigot. Steve, now is not the time to be morally righteous. We are about to declare war on
Bucky left and made his way down the hall to the stairs. His feet carried him swiftly, but his boots made no sound. He was a shadow in the stairwell, moving quickly without destination. That wasn’t true. He knew where he was headed.
“Four days,” Steve answered him, that haunted look returning. “God Tony, I didn’t know what to do. The doctors kept using all these words like internal bleeding and spinal damage and conflicting images, and they kept running tests and scans on you and saying none of it made any sense.”
Tony hissed before he moaned. “Fuck, Steve, yes! Hold me ‘til I bruise.”
“Look at you taking me,” Tony panted as he watched himself fuck into Steve so roughly it was almost dizzying. “I can’t believe it. I expected to split you open, but just look at how you bounce on my dick.” Tony’s voice deepened. “And I can still feel you trying to push me deeper.”
“They’re fuckin’ with my head, Steve.” He gritted out, actually able to look murderous through the medication as his arm recalibrated again. “It's happening, right now. It’s like the chair in reverse. Instead of pain erasing my memories, the pain is creating new ones. How the fuck is that possible?”
Tony pocketed the key before pulling out his wallet and removing two five dollar bills. “This is for you. Find a flophouse in another city then a job. I can’t have the thought of you living on the street weighing down my conscience because I honestly don’t want to think of you again after this moment.”
Bucky smiled softly. “We’re always gonna worry about you. I didn’t like being so far away and not be able to do anythin’, but I’m glad they were wrong. I’m so proud of you, Tony. Steve told me how you saved Joe Russo. You’re a hero.”
Clint broke the silence. “I can’t believe we never knew you two were together. I mean together/together, you know?”
Bucky had come to rely on these memories. It was his second chance at living his life. Each one them, good and bad, were helping him become someone. Reading about things before he got to remember them somehow felt wrong. This was his life, his Steve, his Tony. Those were his friends in black and white on that screen next to them, smiling and laughing, and Bucky didn’t even know why yet. What had been said to make them laugh like that? What had they just finished doing? Where were they about to go? Who was filming them?
“You fixed the water heater?” Bucky asked, stunned.
“Tony,” Bucky’s voice shook. “what if they take us away? I don’t wanna go to one of them places. I’ve heard awful things about what they do.” His breathing sped as he started to panic. “They can’t just drag us there; we’re not sick. You said it’s not wrong. We’re not sick. I don’t want that to happen to me.”
But he knows that he could have. Tony would do whatever he had to if it meant protecting them. The scary thing was that he was smart enough to get away with it, especially in this time period.
“You said you taught Steve, right?” Tony asked, and Bucky nodded. “Well, just do what you did with him.”
“Yes,” Bucky breathed as he nodded, relaxing against him.
He wasn’t wrong. Running an international corporation had made being multi-lingual a necessity.
“Of course, gorgeous.” Tony said as he stretched a hand to the hard length in front of him and wrapped his fingers around the base. He leaned forward to lick a stripe from root to tip, teasing at the foreskin before dipping his tongue in to play with the head and slit. Pre-come hit his taste buds, and his eyes closed at the salty flavored fluid.
“Stark will not die, not from illness or the passage of time.” Thor told them. “He will only be released from this curse upon your death. He will not age. He will never be free to create a life for himself because he will never be able to stay anywhere longer than the span of years it would take for others to notice. The purpose of this spell is to
Bucky was unnerved. He’d never imagined anything like what he’d just seen. Across the distance he watched as a massive tank rumbled into view. It was bigger than any he had ever seen, and it terrified him.
That threw Steve because he’d tried very hard to
“It was joke!” Dugan defended. “How was I supposed to know he would understand me enough to take it personally? I’ll say one thing for him, that little guy is fast.”
Steve looked back to the injured man. “Do you trust us, Tony?”
Understandably, he didn’t want to have to replace the relatively new piece of expensive equipment so he’d been bringing in anyone he could find that might be able to fix the ice generator.
It had been weeks since he’d arrived. The training was grueling work, and Steve was barely holding on. Between his poor health, breathing problems and small stature it was all he could do not to get thrown out. He knew Colonel Philips along with almost everyone else didn’t want him here. Well, that was just too damn bad. He was here, and he wasn’t going to give them the satisfaction of leaving.
Bucky groaned around Steve who gasped, his fingers clenching tighter in his hair before relaxing.
Fucking Umar. She’d apparently thought of everything. She’d called it a consolation prize, like a gift, when really it was a curse. Literally, a fucking curse. It had its own mark and everything.
Tony tries to find a way home, learns the value of a dollar in 1939 and figures out how to pull his weight. Things are far from perfect, but he acknowledges they could be worse. He also finds out what Steve does for a living.
“Shhhh,” Bucky murmured softly, “It’s not just on you, doll. It’s not always your responsibility what happens to everyone around you. You can’t think like that, Steve. What happened to me wasn’t your fault. It was horrible, yes, but a lot of things in this world are. It’s not fair, and it’s not right.
He realized that he had been both selfish and foolish. He was so busy driving himself crazy over what might happen in the years to come during the war, that he was wasting the time he had now. Not to mention he was being a very shitty partner to his lovers.
Steve continued to lead them to the door as he explained the direction they should make their escape, telling the men to give them hell on the way out. It was something Tony doubted they would have a problem with.
. Steve calmed himself enough to see the men now staring at abused metal in his hand, and he felt self-conscious.
“I don’t,” Bucky said honestly, obviously surprising Steve. “Think about it. Think about how he treated us when he arrived in the past. How hard he tried to prove that he was useful and could pull his own weight. How he went out of his way to defend us, take care of us and everyone who needed it. I’m not sayin’ I want him feeling bad about himself because God knows he doesn’t need help with that. But think of the way he treated you and talked to you, to us. He built you and me up as the best men he’d known, and I think a lot of that had to do with him holdin’ onto those words you’d said as an ideal. It was his second chance, and he wanted to get it right.”
*****
**Tony’s POV**
“It should only be for the day, and I’ll be back tomorrow evening. I promise.” Tony told him as he watched the tension drain from Steve’s muscles.
Buckle up, shits about to get real. Possible trigger warnings for this chapter in the form of a panic attack. Like seriously.
“It’s not just on you, doll.” Bucky whispered softly. “We’re all worried and trying to help.”
“So, Sarge,” Dugan asked as he smoked his cigar. “Is he always like this?”
“I wanted to,” Tony said easily. “Like I said, you guys need a break, and you deserve to enjoy yourselves.”
How much longer could this last? How long before his heart finally stopped?
Italian Translations not previously mentioned:
Tony noticed Dugan’s look of anger at Bucky’s name, but it was Falsworth who answered. “There’s an isolation ward in the factory, but no one’s ever come back from it.”
“I’m sorry, Tony.” Erskine said sincerely. “It’s not my business to ask, but I am sorry for whatever happened between you and Howard.”
“What are you thinkin’ bout now, Steve?” Bucky asked, “You look…not sad but maybe wistful? God, that’s a stupid word. Of all the things I’ve forgotten, I remember wistful?”
“We all know our favorites by now.” Bucky agreed as Steve nodded.
“What’s antipasto?” Steve asked. His forehead was scrunched in that adorable expression Tony loved so much.
“Admiring the view?” Tony called out as he slowly turned to look at him. He wore a lazy, soft smile as he met Bucky’s eyes.
After Steve had taken down HYDRA (again), razed SHEILD to the ground, nearly died (again) then caused a media shitstorm, he’d gone out searching for his former best friend and had actually found him. Dirty, half-starved, paranoid and deeply troubled James Barnes had needed a lot of time and support to even make it this far.
Tony’s mouth closed, and he slowly got to his feet with Bucky’s help. Steve had already left for the bedroom. They entered just as Steve began to push one bed across the floor to the other, the double bed once again large enough for all three of them.
“Again Tony, who are these people that said this?” Bucky asked.
He tasted like peppermint and felt so good leaning up against Tony. He deepened the kiss, sucking Steve’s tongue as he closed the last of the space between their hips. He could feel Steve growing hard against his thigh, and he gently pushed against it adding friction. Steve moaned into his mouth.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony scoffed. “I’m a genius.”
“I don’t know,” Tony said darkly. “I’ve been known to break the men I train. Wouldn’t want to break something so beautiful.”
Holy Shit! Tony’s mind reeled. He could
So there it is. Tony is officially in the SSR. I look forward to more Colonel Philips because he was fun to write (that salty bastard). I also wanted to give the boys a nice evening with minimal drama before Bucky leaves, and Steve is now a working artist doing what he loves!
By the time Steve had found him almost two months later, Bucky had learned a little about the man in the red, white and blue uniform, but he still didn’t remember him. He knew that he should. The museum had said they’d been friends a long time ago. Still, the clearest thing he could remember had been a much smaller looking Steve laid out beside him, looking happy and murmuring “til the end of the line”.
He knew they were curious. He’d catch one of them looking at him, or they would appear to be having one of their silent conversations; however they didn’t press him for more. Which was good because he didn’t think he could talk about it yet. Or ever. He’d already shared too much.
Tony burst out laughing. “Oh, it’s just adorable that you think I was going to ride you like that until we got off.”
Steve’s need had no problem with that request. In a move that was so fast, it even surprised him, Steve had them flipped over, and Tony was now pinned beneath him. He continued the punishing pace from before, but now he used his whole body. His arms moved beneath Tony’s back to hook onto his shoulders and hold him in place as he pounded into him.
With that Tony turned and made his way back to his apartment, as he opened the door he called back to the retreating figure. “Have a good evening!” And closed the door behind him.
Her smile only widened. She could see through his bullshit. It helped when you could read minds.
Tony made himself stop laughing. It really wasn’t that funny, but the built up nerves Tony had experienced for the past several days over this meeting had to escape somehow. “I can’t believe he tried that shit.” Tony said before taking a calm, settling breath. “I’d almost forgotten what a subtle dick that man could be.”
“Alright, soldier,” Tony’s voice was a dark, sensual promise, “If you want to prove yourself, I hope you like it rough. I’m gonna fuck you into the ground.”
He remembered their first time together as two fumbling teenagers stroking each other off while Steve’s mom was at work. They’d been together ever since, learning each other’s bodies and supporting the other in equal measure. It had taken Bucky a long time to realize what he really wanted during sex with Steve.
It certainly took the edge off of the near constant stream of information being poured into his brain. He fought to push it away and stay in the present. Those images and feelings wouldn’t help him understand what was happening to them, but maybe the other genius on their team could explain.
Steve was quietly removing Tony’s shoes, but it was Bucky who answered, bringing back bandages from the bathroom.
They looked confused at Tony’s words, but Bucky could already guess where this was headed.
for the maintenance to your arm. That means you want it to happen. I just want to make sure that you’re not confused or upset or hurt by anything I might have to do. If you feel any of those things, it is not alright. Being in pain and scared is not alright.”
That made Tony feel guilty. Steve had always talked about growing up poor and struggling. He had not been exaggerating. Their belongings were sparse and worn with age. The little food that they had was very basic, cheap and filling. And there was nothing wrong with that, they just deserved better, especially after having taken Tony in.
Tony looked at him and winked. “Stark products are the best.” He said grinning.
“Six? Huh, sorry.” He said as he set the box on the table. “Things didn’t go so well this morning. Turns out there wasn’t much that could be done to help me get back home. Tough times and all that. I spent a lot of the day walking around and getting lost in my head.”
Millie laughed. “I hear a lot from the people at my tables. I’ve heard quite a few of the men talking about the man from Brooklyn who can fix anything in half the time for half the price. People say you’re a genius.”
Steve
Steve looked around before answering, “I’m Captain America.” Tony couldn’t help but roll his eyes at that.
But Steve couldn’t understand why. Did he still think they were angry with him?
Tony nodded. “Yeah, I don’t think we’re getting the worst of it, but trust Bucky to try and find the best parts to write about. Look at that, he misses following my orders. That’s so sweet.”
“Boys?” He called as he removed his jacket and boots, still wondering if his nose was playing tricks on him.
“It’s perfectly fine, signora.” Tony assured her.
He’d promised Tony and Steve that he would come back. Tony had been right; it was a foolish promise.
He came back out of his thoughts. Steve was looking worried. “You doin' alright?”
Steve continued as he poured the juice between the glasses. “Thanks for telling me about them. I liked that heaven song.”
Steve came then, loaded down with huge plates of waffles and bacon, and set them in the center of the table. “Dum was a character. You would have liked him, Clint. You share a lot of his personality traits.”
Steve and Bucky both laughed softly at the artificial member of their team’s words as the rest of the Avengers, minus Thor, came into the kitchen.
Tony wondered, thankful he hadn’t said more because Lord knows he could have.
There were lights of bright white and soft blue. Loud music hurt its ears, and the whir of machines and electricity made its skin crawl. A noise to the left draws its attention. Small robotic creature approaches. Hostile? Robotic creature waves with beverage container in single claw grip. Analysis: not hostile.
“You know, ‘it puts the lotion on its skin’. You have to take care of your skin, it’s your biggest organ. Well, it is for most people anyway,
They snapped out of whatever remaining confusion they felt, and quickly began removing their clothes. He could feel his arousal growing with each inch of skin they uncovered. How had he pushed them away like that? They were the center of his world. When they were all naked, Tony just ordered, “Bed boys.”
A short while later, he was leaving a second hand store. He’d sold his six and a half thousand dollar suit for ten bucks, and he’d only gotten that because the guy in the store knew the material was top quality. He’d sold his Italian leather shoes for another three. His ring (pure gold) had gotten him five more. His belt and wallet (emptied of its contents) together added two more.
But Tony would be alone. He would be left behind by Bucky, then Steve, and neither were coming back. Tony would know that too.
Thor nodded sadly. “I told you it was cruel.”
Her face looked a little disappointed, but that thought was quickly overshadowed by the sight of the Colonel approaching him.
Tony finally had the chance to look around and see the destruction of the room. There was a broken lamp atop a desk that had a chair with an arm that had been ripped off. The radio had a large crack down its side. The dial was also pulled off as was the knob to the bathroom door. Tony could see the twisted metal fragments on the floor. A food tray on the nightstand was a mess. Bent silverware lay on top of soggy food filled with shards of glass from whatever cup Steve must have been trying to drink from before it shattered.
Stark’s voice was soft, almost quiet. It liked quiet. “Barnes, uh, Bucky, look at me.”
It took longer for Bucky to admit that he wanted other things, things Steve had never asked for.
Steve shook his head. “No, you guys get some sleep. I’m gonna take watch over this group. I’ll wake you when it’s time to go.”
“Did you finger her?”
“Like us, together.” Bucky said. “He already ruined our day. We’re not lettin’ him ruin this.”
Tony bit back a groan because that was his Captain voice.
“I love you so much. I’m here for you now. I’m going to take care of you. I promise, Bucky. I’m just so…” His voice broke at everything he felt, and he just wanted to keep holding Bucky and promising him that he’d do better this time. He’d never fail him again. “I can’t believe I get to hold you again. I missed you. I missed you so much.”
“He’s a good man,” Sam added. “He didn’t have to take us in, and he damn sure didn’t have to give everyone an entire floor to themselves or put so much effort into making each one perfect for us. Hell, I never thought I’d fly again after my wings got destroyed, but he built me new set that was better than the ones I’d had.”
Oh, God, that voice should be illegal.
Tony doesn't like doctors or hospitals in any time period. Bucky wakes in the night from his latest memories, but they eventually remind him of something he never wanted to remember.
“What?” She asked in surprise. “Colonel Phillips, but he’s very busy at the moment!” She yelled because Steve and Tony had already begun running toward the officer’s tent. Thanks to his enhanced senses, Steve dimly noted that she was running along behind them.
“Please do, JARVIS,” Bruce said tiredly.
Bucky remembered how that beard had felt against his skin, how it had rubbed at sensitive places. He looked at Tony’s mouth, and a fresh wave of memories came forward, making his morning wood worse. God, the things Tony had done to him, and the things he’d done with that mouth were beyond description. Tony clearly had a lot of experience in bed. And with men. And more than one man at a time according to Tony.
“Of course I wouldn’t,” Tony said, honesty making his voice thick. “This place with you, it’s my home.”
“Tony,” he heard a voice saying softly, “It’s alright, honey. We’ve got you.”
“It’s a useful skill to have though,” Phillips said speculatively. “It’s obvious your field is engineering. That doesn’t explain how you knew how to parachute out of a plane into enemy territory during heavy fire, keep up with an enhanced person, help infiltrate a facility and casually field strip a technologically advanced weapon while everyone rested. Yes, I heard about that, too. One of the officers said he was very impressed with how you handled it. Were you in the army?”
Steve’s eyes widened. “You are?” When Tony nodded, he turned to Bucky for confirmation. “Buck, what…”
Tony jumped at the chance to stay a few more minutes around a friendly face. “If it’s no trouble, I actually am kind of thirsty.” It wasn’t lie. He was thirsty. He probably should drink something since he would most likely go into shock later when all this finally came crashing down and really hit him.
Tony gasped in a breath then moaned as he felt Bucky start to poke at his entrance with the tip of his tongue. Steve’s hand came down on his outer thigh in a slap, causing him to gasp again. Bucky never even flinched, he just pushed deeper.
Tony throat tightened. “It was. It smells just the same as I remember.”
“You some Abercrombie?” Joe spat the last word. “Some sissy swell who puts his nose where it don’t belong? I might end up breakin' it for ya.”
Tony realized where she was going with this. It was proof that even though he was a genius, he still made stupid mistakes when it came to common sense.
The hiss of the locks disengaging was followed by the door sliding open. As he entered the room, lights turned on automatically, or maybe it was JARVIS, revealing the state of the art workshop that Stark had practically lived in.
“Well,” Howard chuckled in an almost friendly way, “not everyone’s cut out for these kind of things, but I hear that you do good work over in your corner of Brooklyn.”
Now Tony had to lie a little. “Yep, from California. My luggage was stolen right after I got off the train here. I was going to stay with my associate until I found a place, but you know, it didn’t happen that way. I put everything into the project, and now I can’t afford to bring my stuff that’s in storage cross-country. Not that I’d have a place to put it.”
Steve didn’t care. He was through being dismissed. “I just need one name: Sergeant James Barnes from the 107th.”
He watched the groggy confusion morph into panic as they yanked their hands away from the other as if they’d been electrocuted. That panic killed Tony just a little bit more to know he’d caused it. So he did the only thing he could do, he tried to fix it.
He knew Bucky wasn’t dealing with this. He knew his friend was pushing back against everything that Steve was letting flood through him, and he understood why Bucky felt the need for it. He couldn’t help but feel hurt, though. It was just another way that this Bucky was keeping him at arms-length.
“Good, considering everything,” Tony told him. The truth was that he was nervous. From the very little information that Steve had given about the doctors’ reactions to his injuries and all the tests they were running, Tony was quite sure that his otherness had just been discovered by the team of white coats employed at this hospital. It spelled nothing but trouble for him.
Tony reassured him. “You are not weak. It doesn’t make you less of a man, and there is nothing wrong with it. Wanting to be cared for by someone you love and trust is never a bad thing.”
Shouldn’t he have more lines? A few more crinkles by his eyes? A little more silver at his temples or in his goatee? Being as vain as he’d once been, Tony had catalogued and bemoaned every sign of evidence that he was growing older. Now, as he looked in the mirror, he couldn’t find any new signs from before he arrived here. He looked the same. Exactly the same.
“I don’t know how, Tony.” Steve said, burying his face against Tony’s neck. “I break everything I touch. It’s all so much, my sight and hearing. I can hear people through the walls. I can hear their footsteps, all of it. So much has changed, and it feels like it’s all for nothing. Dr. Erskine is dead. I let the last of the formula get smashed, and Colonel Philips still thinks I’m…” He struggled to finish, “Now, I’m supposed to be this USO act for the senator, and I want to help, I really do, but I’m not a performer.”
Tony continued as if the other had never spoken. “
Tony was a thirty-nine year old borderline alcoholic with PTSD, health issues, and an endless list of character defects. Not to mention the scars that ran across his body thanks to being Iron Man. He supposed that most of them weren’t too bad. Some people thought battle scars could be sexy, right?
Steve looked at him. “We already knew he’d fought in the past. He told us that the second day we met him, how he was captured. Then, he told us more the night he had that nightmare.”
Everybody raises their glass as well. Brunnhilde just copies Bruce and Sharon – it seems like the two women know each other. At least that’s good, right?
It looks a bit different than when it was built back in 2012. There had been so much talk about the opening of Stark Tower, but then after that whole Alien Invasion, it had to be rebuilt again so soon after it was made.
“No, no, us bugs have to support each other, after all!” he says, winking at Peter who gives him a knowing smile.
“Call an ambulance,” he starts after a few seconds of thinking. “Tell them what happened, and to be as discreet as possible. Give them instructions to go through the garage, and take them through the private elevators – you know which one. Then after that, call Pepper, let her know what happened and let her prepare herself for the possible press they might get. You can try and keep this completely anonymous, but there’s always a chance that somebody will find out.”
chance.
And then before Peter really knows it, he’s up in the air.
Then she lets out a long breath and looks back down to her phone.
“It’s fine,” Peter mumbles, accepting her help to pull him up. Once he’s back on his two feet, the woman starts walking away again. “You’re Jessica Jones, aren’t you?”
“Know you were Spider-Man? Seriously, Peter? You think I didn’t realize it all the way back in Washington?! You bailed on Liz on Homecoming and the very next day her Dad’s in prison? You disappear always whenever Spider-Man is near? I might not be as smart as you, but I’m not dumb.”
“Hello?” he asks.
“What’s wrong with the Asgardians?” Oh, right, Hilde was in fact an Asgardian.
FRIDAY says, and Peter hears the dialing tone coming up in his ear. He pulls his hood over his head and leans his elbows on his desk as he waits for the man to pick up.
This time Yaël wasn’t standing in front of the king. No, she stood in a corner, next to X, looking at herself, pulling Lopt forward. So this is what it looked like, the real memory? The king was sitting on his red velvet throne with his counselor standing next to him. King Eerikki had long, bond back, black hair with a grey flock in it. For a man who physically looked like someone who would be in his late forties on earth, he still had a great, muscular body.
“Holy shit, dude, you not calling May? Yeah, that’s not like you.”
“Great,” Peter mutters, already starting on his way back home.
’,” he carefully tried to explain her, his eyes were still following her movements. In front of them, memory-Yaël and –Lopt had both fallen asleep in the embrace.
“The Green Goblin-dude?”
She shot an angry glance at Wade, but he just ignored her.The kid looked a bit annoyed as he walked towards them. Heclearly recognized Wade. Yaël asked herself how many times Wade had already been stalking him.
“Lov’ya guys,” Peter mutters, that being the first thing he says after waking up. Tony decides to just try it anyway.
“Okay, then I’ll hang up now, okay?”
“Good, I need to show this to Peter later on.” Tony gets himself another glass of water before dropping back down on the couch. He doesn’t take his eyes off his guests that are currently making way too much noise. “Say, how is he doing back there?”
“Yeah, damn,” Yaël mutters back. They don’t look away from the screen as they see themselves into a strong shouting match, who-ever was filming it extremely quiet in the background.
“I don’t know how you came back, Venom, but this time I’ll make sure you’ll never see the light of day anymore,” somebody says, once again in a familiar voice. Before Peter can speak up, though, his spider-sense warns him on impending danger – so great that it worked so well
“Listen, it’s done now. We’re past it, it happened. I guess we’ve both learned things now.”
time,” the man admits. “
“J, what’s the deal on Iron Man in here?” Tony then asks.
“I’ll say that I’ll sign the moment I’m 18,” Peter repeats what his Dad made him memorize in the past few days. Happy, Tony nods and slaps his shoulder gently. When Bruce shows up behind them, the scientist leans over them to reach for the bread.
“Eddie, my man!” Flash calls out, holding his arms open as if he’s ready for a hug. Peter squints again in confusion, for a moment wondering why he’s seated on a couch next to Flash without getting his ass kicked? Wait, Flash was telling him something, wasn’t he? Shit he doesn’t even remember what he was talking about.
Besides, it was easier to dislike Tony Stark for all the obvious reasons; he was self-centered, narcissist, egotistical, selfish… Huh, did he just use four synonyms to describe the guy?
Neither does he see Tony run out of the car and puke into some bushes the moment Peter is inside of the building.
“TONY!” Steve shouts.
Steve is back.
“Had you not kicked me out again all this shit wouldn’t have happened, Tony!”
Cursing himself for still
“I can bring you along as a potential Avenger, introduce you to the team, to Fury… And then we can look for the files you’re looking for, I’m sure they’re not too hard to find.”
And Steve… Tony has no idea where Steve has gone. With Barnes, the two have taken
“Aaaaaand, I’m out!”
Yaël threw back stubbornly.
Walking back home feels good, it gets his mind right for a bit. The mentioning of the Black Cat always brings him into this confused state, and he never really knows what to do with it. The best thing is to just forget about it and get distraction. He figures a party is the best distraction, no?
He turned around rapidly. “You want to go back to earth? What’s so appealing there? The friends who don’t even grasp the width and strength of your powers?”
Now, having hung up the phone after saying goodbye, Peter checks his movement. His ribs don’t hurt as much anymore, so he figures he’s about ready to head out at last. He walks up to his room, fishes the suit off the ground to put it back on and takes a deep breath.
The walls started collapsing out of memory-Yaël’s anger, but real Yaël’s sudden shaking vision and the sudden explosion of buzzing in her ears beard her down again. Professor X ran towards her. Grabbing her hand, doing everything he could to calm her down again. Once Yaël could breathe in a normal rhythm, he helped her to stand up again.
“It is written all over your face,” T’Challa continues before Nakia, too, starts to nod.
“Harry?” Peter asks. A small smile comes up on the other person’s face, but there’s no wickedness on there.
“Did you know?” Eddie asks, ignoring Peter’s words. “Did you know somebody recorded our fight? That massive humiliation I got when you punched me a broken nose? The looks I got at school when frail, fragile little Peter Parker managed to knock me out with just one swing?”
“What’s wrong with Tony?” She was glad he started talking without her askingabout it.
“There was a time you didn’t have those powers,” he answered “I even met you when you still had no powers. So the king saw no use in you, and banned you as he was afraid you carried a disease that could infect others. He also wanted to make sure this way that you’d never reproduce. Because how could you have kids if you never came in contact with any men, right? And Cem didn’t want to send you alone in the woods, so he came with you and built this house, all on his own.”
They’re at their peak. Tony can hear it in Steve’s sounds. The desperate noises he makes, telling Tony that he’s close, but also that he doesn’t want to end it so soon. But it has to. They can’t go on forever. So Steve doesn’t stop, keeps up the pace, bringing both of them over the edge at the same time.
“I know, honey.”
“Oh,” the woman looked a bit surprised, “He’s in his room. You can call me May by the way.” Oh, so Yaël had been ringing at the right door, nice!
Tony sighs, leaning against the wall and throwing his head back. He knows that, in all those movies, people refuse to leave the room, to stay with their child and make sure that they’re alright. But Tony just can’t right now. There’s too much happening in there, more than his brain can handle right now. Too many possible nightmares in that room.
“Getting married? Steve, are you serious? Why would you even want to-?”
“I suppose there’s dinner before we all go to bed,” she explains once she’s once again walking beside him. Peter nods lightly. He’s not feeling hungry, and wonders if he can just be excused from it. He’s pretty sure everybody’s going to object on that, insisting that he stays with them. But, to be fair, Peter’s hitting his limit here.
“What are you doing here, Rogers?” Mr. Stark asks, sounding bitter. Peter figures he’ll just have to walk out without getting a goodbye. It’s fine, it’s not like he’d expected Mr. Stark to be the most respectful man in the world.
“Stop staring!” he yelled at them with a red face.
“I knew you would fix it,” he tells him.
“That makes you Rocky, the Horror Show,” he says with a wink. Ben slams his hand on the table and lets out a thunderous laugh. Everybody jumps out of their seat in surprise. Even king T’Challa and Storm turn around to see what’s going on.
comes off-screen, and Tony moves along. Then suddenly he looks behind him.
“Did you rent off the place just so we can be alone?” Steve asks, obviously being with this question for a little while now. Tony snorts, but doesn’t deny it.
“That’s not what I mea-“
Right when he’s about to get back outside, he notices his reflection; there’s smudged lipstick all over his mouth.
Tony sighs, and Steve chuckles, pulling him closer to him. He gives him another kiss on the forehead, looking back up at Peter who is seemingly trying out yoga-poses while hanging on the ceiling.
Taking the sample is a quick process, and before Peter knows it he’s already walking into the hallway. He hasn’t had a tour of the building yet, and he figures it’s only normal for him to get lost, but there’s just too much pride in him to go back and ask for the way.
Of course, the fact that his phone goes off is crap, because he was actually doing good at listening in to these guys. As a result of his sudden interruption, the sellers suddenly point their guns towards the man in the large shirt, who holds up his hands and takes a few steps back in fright.
“Nowhere, I’m going to return in a few minutes,” Yaël answered Loki.
In reality, he knows the AI probably suspects he won’t succeed at all.
She knows Tony realizes there’s something not really right in the situation. He often asks if Pepper’s alright, if there’s something wrong. She assures him she’s fine, telling herself that she’s just blowing things out of proportion.
Crap, Peter knows he’s smart, but he doesn’t know if he’s smart enough to be working with Mr. Stark! No matter he’s got his own brain from the man, he’s never really been surrounded into the electrical engineering world like
“Daddy, you’re back!” a high-pitched voice calls out. There are little footsteps, and suddenly small arms wrapped around him. Tony looks down, finding a nine-year-old-looking girl hugging him with a happy smile on her face.
“No, no I don’t, I just- my friend, my, uh roommate, he needs- he, uh… there’s someone at the house I don’t want to leave alone with him and, uh…”
in love with Liz! And she likes you! Be happy, man!” Ned counters, still smirking. He punches his arm once more.
“Not good,” he says truthfully. The girl presses her lips together but nods in understanding.
Tony finds that he could get used to this, to taking care of a kid. He’s sure he won’t be the
Peter pours probably way too much shampoo into his hair. Passing the soap over his body, he comes across his scar on his lower belly for a short moment. While the drops of water fall onto his face, he looks down to give it a view. It seems so long ago when Harry snatched Peter out of the sky and impaled him through some sort of metal pin on a building. No matter how crappy that situation was, it did help him and Tony forward.
Peter only met Jane Foster after Thanos’ defeat. She’d been put into hiding along with Dr. Selvig, Darcy and Dr. Cho and had only been allowed out afterwards. And while their first introduction had been short, it’s close to being one of the most memorable things in his life.
Now, Tony doesn’t drink anymore. Not even
“If you wouldn’t be such an ass about it, this would be going a lot easier,” Steve counters, sounding a bit annoyed. Tony snorts, but doesn’t stop walking.
“Of course, I do,” Steve finally says. Tony drops his hand, but keeps his gaze down. His fingers nervously rub on the scar on his chest. Peter reaches his hand out for him, but too far for him to touch.
“I’ll keep you updated on his situation,” Steve eventually gets out. May, next to him, isn’t even moving.
“You sure you don’t need any help with ‘im?” the man asks, lowering his glasses a bit. Peter shakes his head, positioning his backpack and then picking Johnny back up. He’s completely out of it, so he lifts him back over his shoulder and closes the door with his foot. After handing the driver some money through the window, he gives him a wave.
Tony doesn’t smile. All he does is lie back down and close his eyes. Peter knows he isn’t sleeping no matter how much he’s trying. He feels guilty when May comes to take him home, but he knows he can’t stay. Tony urges him to leave, telling him it’s a school day tomorrow and that he needs his rest. So Peter goes.
But then Dr. Cho gives him another smile and shakes her head.
Well, nobody is dead, which is good.
“You’re weird,” Peter notes. Johnny shrugs.
“And they still don’t know you’re Spider-Man?” Yaël was on a roll with her questions, she actually hadn’t seen a thing of the movie yet.
“Hmm,” she looked back at the phone and started typing. “
“A new liver? Were your healers unable to repair your previous one?” she suddenly asks. The look on Tony’s face surprises Peter a bit; it looks like… fondness?
“So, I don’t think that seeing me freed Harry from the Goblin…instead, the Goblin started attacking me. Luckily Tony and Steve noticed, and they came in t-to save me…” Yaël looked up when she heard a muffled sniff. Peter had put his arm over his mouth to silence his shaky breath a bit. His eyes were wet and red again, just like they were when she had walked in. Crap, she wasn’t really good at comforting people, so she gave him her best shot and patted the leg she was still laying on.
“Petey! Can you let me in for a sec?”
“Yeah, he, uh… I don’t know, he doesn’t seem to be doing so well,” Peter told her. Yaël wasn’t really following, she felt like it was none of her business.
“You should have learned, after what happened with Gwen,” he answers. Then he lets the Glider move forward again, taking Peter away from Stark Tower.
Yaël shook her head. “No, I’m waiting for a friend who’s doing his interview for an internship.” Shit, she should’ve told him she was waiting for her boyfriend.
Spider-Man finds the Black Cat again a week after they first met. She’s once again on a rooftop, keeping watch over the city while standing dangerously close to the edge. Though she doesn’t move, Peter knows she’s aware of his presence.
“I know it’s a strange question, but could I maybe get a picture with the shield as well?” she asks, this time with the question directed at Steve, who frowns for a moment. In those short few seconds, Tony fears that he’ll say no, but eventually he shrugs.
They had actually gone for shawarma after the battle.
That evening, Tony receives notification that somebody is trying to break into the tower using Peter’s identification card.
“Uh-,” Peter gets out, feeling the air escape his lungs. The man in front of him – Steve Rogers, Peter reminds himself, since he’s not in uniform right now – just chuckles as he leans against the door.
“I could have a look if you want?” Peter offers.
, so to say, as he starts to get his act back together, his dreams don’t really seem too keen on giving Tony the same treatment. More often than not, he wakes up with images of Steve still fresh in his mind. Images he’d thought he’d become too old for. Images that gave him guilt for even dreaming them up so soon after Pepper left him. Sure, it’s been a little more than three months now since she left, and the dreams haven’t started until only a few weeks ago when he got back on the meds, but everything just feels too soon. It’s happening too fast.
flirt?
“Please, I might have been high on drugs back then, but I know what I saw. And if you two are happy together, don’t… don’t hide it from me, alright?” Peter asks. Steve shuts his mouth, stares for a few seconds, but then nods.
A few seconds just, though. After that, Tony puts on his orange sunglasses and holds up his arms as if to present himself. Pepper walks up to him and straightens his jacket before giving him another scowl.
“Stark, it’s been a while. Where’s the suit?” Wolverine asks. Mr. Starks hands ball into tight fists, and Peter swallows nervously.
“I’m sorry, Tony. I didn’t know you two were together,” Sharon then says. “You never told me.”
Another look around, and he sees a lot of the other heroes here as well. The X-Men, with Professor X, Wolverine, Jean Grey, Storm and Cyclops. Then there’s Rhodey who is talking with Sam and Clint. There’s the guy who shrinks – Peter thinks his name was Scott – talking to a woman with brown hair braided together. He doesn’t know who she is.
“Hulk, stop! Just for once in your life, don’t smash!”
When it comes to friendships, Peter already knows that he’s not the best in maintaining them. Unless he sees the person on a daily basis, like on school, there’s a lot of chance that he might, sometimes, forget to contact said friend.
But, first, Peter has somewhere he needs to go. And as he explains it to Gwen, she nods and agrees to come with him. Peter knows the way by heart, having lived there almost all of his life. Once he gets to the apartment, he crawls up the wall, right up to the floor he remembers being theirs.
She quickly jumped back up again and kept on regaining warmth from the guy’s body, which she sent to her new sword, setting it on fire. Maybe the opponent would be smart enough to surrender. Hopefully…
Miles turned sixteen two days ago. His uncle Aaron promised to bring him something sweet from where-ever he’s currently doing a job, and Miles can’t wait to see what it’s going to be. Uncle Aaron brings home the craziest shit; rare plants, a self-sustaining drone, the latest virtual reality-goodies… You call it. He doesn’t really know what his uncle does, but if it earns him that much cash it’s probably better not to know.
But Peter can’t form words. All he does is apologize, bursting out in tears, and allowing May to pull him into her arms. After that, Peter leaves to take a shower, and May and Tony are left in the room together. Tony explains to her that he’s already talked to him, that Peter had his scolding.
Mr. Rogers walks away from the living room, getting towards where Peter suspects is Yaël’s bedroom. Instead of getting inside, he knocks on the door a few times, almost loud enough to wake somebody in a coma. Peter just clears his throat and decides to take place on the couch.
“Cool! Can you teach me that trick?”
“What do you mean?”
- none really, again
Bruce sighs, pushing himself off the fence and starting his walk to the door. Then he turns towards Peter, nodding inside.
“How could he catch it? Could it be in Wakanda?”
Right when Pepper walks out of the workshop, the door of the balcony opens up to let Tony back in. He’s in the process of putting his phone away when he blinks around and sees that Pepper’s no longer in here.
“Pepper, seriously, dial it down, I’m not really in the mood for this shit,” Tony mutters out. He steps away from the two of them to sit back down on the bed, his face pressed between his hands. “Can somebody just… hand me my pills? They’re in the bathroom.”
, Tony’s head told himself when he unknowingly scanned everything happening around him. The suit had no tracker, that much he knew, but looking at Peter standing there he realized that what he was wearing was not what Tony made.
In his bedroom, he snatches his wallet, taking a look at the money he currently has. He can use his card to buy a phone, he figures. If he finds one on the way, he’ll even get another controller. Or maybe two. It’s not like he’s poor, after all.
He messes around a bit more, even sticking the Iron Man’s arms against the shattered windows and pulling off his mask slightly while he asks where they got their weapons. But an answer is never given, when the Hulk loads up another gun, and suddenly a purple beam is blinding him. Sparks are flying everywhere, heat coming too close to Peter’s suit – the fact that he feels that means that it’s
He gets into the living room, where Peter can see Steve managed to pull Tony out of the workshop. Though, even though the guy is enjoying some time with his partner, it’s clear that he doesn’t particularly approve of what they’re watching.
Peter knows his way to the lab. Heck, he’s been an intern here, he knows the place from heart by now. Without needing Gwen to guide his way, Peter steps up to the door of the lab and waits for it to open. When it doesn’t, he frowns.
“Yes, but you sometimes sleep with guys, right? I’m sorry, I’m being nosey but I’m just trying to figure you out.”
“I don’t know what your natural habits were on that planet of yours!” Wade said while handing her the beer.
Did he really think she was that dumb? “You’re going to help Stark, aren’t you?”
“But I just don’t see the use for it,” Steve mutters in return. The woman who is working on him seems to find them extremely adorable, since she can’t fight the grin off her face.
“Whoa!” Peter calls out, inspecting it in wonder. “How does this work?”
“How do I apply?” Peter asks. Dr. Cho pushes herself off the counter and goes to walk to her desk to pick up a phone number. Then she offers it to Peter.
“No,” Peter agrees. “And uh, when I dance with her I put my hands on her
“Oh, how I love to hear you say ‘shit’,” Tony mutters before he can think of it. “Uh, I mean, I don’t really think it’s any of your business, isn’t it?”
“Indeed,” Loki sighed “So, I noticed something; You told me you have been meeting other men on earth-“
“I know, it’s just…” Tony pulls his hands back, turning around and looking up at the wall. He shakes his head while rubbing his forehead. “I suppose I just don’t want him to end up like me.”
“What’s wrong, Petey?” Steve asks, leaning a bit against the door. Tony shuffles up behind him and wraps his arm around his middle. After all this time apart, all he wants is to just be close for a moment.
! Maybe he should get his priorities straight here for a second.
Tony snorts. “Not difficult, since everybody lives here in this building,” Tony mutters out.
So they run, both of them. Hurrying outside, they find themselves in the hallway where they see Peter heading their way. Alive, healthy.
“We’ve been feeling pretty crappy lately, haven’t we?” Tony asks, pulling away slightly so he can look at Steve, who still has his eyes closed but with a sad expression on his face as well. “Don’t you think we should… talk?”
“Mr. Parker, will you focus on the board as well?”
“How did you get here?” Tony then asks. Peter clears his throat.
“I told you I can’t cook,” he says in defeat, turning off the stove and waving his hand over the smoke. Tony actually feels bad for him. He walks up to the man, taking his hands into his own to turn him around.
Feeling his chest heat up inside of him, he barely catches his hands letting go of her wrists, putting one of them behind her head and pulling her closer. Whatever he’s missing, it’s probably not that important, right?
Peter tried to keep low as much as possible, only showing glimpses of himself, moving too fast for any camera to capture him. But Dr. Connors eventually found out who he was. After threatening to turn the whole city into lizards – how weird is that? – Peter and Gwen worked together to stop him. Gwen made the antidote, Peter stalled Dr. Connors for as long as he could. He ended up getting shot by a cop, and Gwen’s father eventually found out who he was after pulling away his mask. Peter and Gwen’s dad did get to the top of the tower to confront Dr. Connors. The antidote worked, but Gwen’s dad died, trying to protect Peter.
Peter swallows.
“What are you doing here?”
"Great, that way everyone can enjoy your great hair," Yaël smirked at him while passing her hair through his long, soft strands of hair, to enlighten the sphere a bit. But yet, she till felt the panic of this weird secret she now had to carry.
Tony nods, grateful that somebody bothers to tell him. The man quickly disappears again and Tony bites his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony squeezes into Steve’s hands, lowering his eyes as he tries to figure out how exactly to explain this. He wants nothing more than for Steve to understand, but with how badly he can put it into words… The possibility is rather low.
“Shards? Peter? What happened, are you alright?” he asks, a bit worried. He sounds genuinely scared, and that’s enough to make Steve nervous on the spot.
“Let’s just write off kids for good then?” Steve suggests. Tony nods, though still grinning through it. His hand finds Steve’s, and he squeezes his fingers.
With soft sobs, Peter turns around, pressing his face against Mr. Stark’s shoulder and feeling all his restraints letting go.
Who did this guy think he was, tossing her plates around and shooting holes in her floor like that? Maybe Fury should pay him less after this act of insanity.
Yaël rubbed her eyes and mumbled: “Oh, god…” Then she pointed at the door as she hissed. “Get out, both of you! I have enough of your testosterone! I should’ve stayed on earth, fight the fucking Civil War and date Jason, that would’ve been the smart choice! Instead, I’m stuck here, almost cut into pieces, with you two dipshits! Maybe I should even have fought on Hela’s side! OUT!” The two man faltered out of the room, looking at her like she wasn’t feeling well. Thor, though, seemed to be laughing as he ran out, so he clearly wasn’t too insulted about her sudden reaction.
“That’s what you wanted, yourself?”
Yaël would come and take place at the tower. There’s the baby to think about, and while it’s a cute little thing, nobody really other than Wanda wants to spend
“Ah, crap,” he mutters to himself. He’s been too careless about where he’s been throwing his stuff lately. He needs better places to hide it away. The wall might have been too obvious for a homeless person walking by. It’s best to just swing his way back to the tower then.
Peter talks with the twins, even shows them his room and allows them to mess around on their tablet. He starts a conversation with George, listens in on Harry’s discussion with Vision. After twenty more minutes FRIDAY announces Paul and Betty’s arrival. They’re the children of Lisa Sousa, Aunt Peggy’s granddaughter. They’re both twenty and twenty-one years old, in college for an education Peter can’t really remember. Their mother and her husband, Stuart, are still on their way.
“Then you’re as much an idiot as I am,” Tony quickly counters. The two men chuckle nervously, but neither relax. Tony sits down on the bed, motioning for Steve to do the same. The other man complies, and takes place on the mattress, a good distance from Tony.
“Yo Parker, where you goin’?” somebody asks behind him. Peter turns around, seeing another guy standing there. He doesn’t know his name, wondering how he even knows his in the first place.
So Peter leaves.
School started again, but Peter couldn’t care any less; what was school without Gwen, anyway? He didn’t skip classes, but he forgot his homework, spaced out during class, and failed his tests. It didn’t matter, after all. He lost weight, stopped doing anything he liked, and ended up having trouble sleeping. Whenever he slept, his dreams were filled with images of what happened at the tower. He mostly woke up screaming and sweaty.
“You’ve been behaving like this… I don’t know! You’re starting to get out of control, Peter! What happened?”
As always, he’s so friendly. It makes it even worse, bringing a giant wave of guilt over her.
“Why would I braid your hair?” she asked him casually while following. He was walking towards the little house where he walked out a while ago when she dreamt like this.
Sharon is looking at him with raised eyebrows. Tony knows he’s looking horrible, but he wouldn’t have thought it’d be this bad. They’re at the table. Sharon brought food, Tony provided the drinks, and they’ve been talking about something for the past hour.
