''So he confides in his mum. It must have torn him apart to do that. And a well crafted sociopath, like Mrs. Thiesen? She saw a way to achieve something more financially certain. Marriage on the rocks - and it must have been with a gay father already resorting to having affairs with any man crossing his path? Oh, she knew. And she knew she didn't want that marriage to end. Mr. Thiesen is well off. On her own? Not so much. And then we have the clincher, the one truly-''
Additional warnings for thoughts of self-harm and suicide, and increasing major depression. Sherlock's just about hitting rock bottom, but the chapter does end on a hopeful note.
''Those are absolutely full of fat,'' he informed me briskly, and the words themselves come out as snappish. Then he rubbed his hands together as if to fight off the chill in the air. A moment later, I realized that his hands were actually trembling.
Yet, in Sherlock's case, I am betting that John's inclusion in these sessions was vital, even so far as ensuring Sherlock showed up at all. So it's a small price to pay on the whole, I guess.
Since I lived off-campus at the time, I had palling around with me my terrier of three years, Bisquick. Bisquick was a Bingley terrier with a black saddle. Bisquick would have readily been a British Kennel Club winner for looks, but it was in matters of personality that he was lacking, as Biquick had a snappish temperament that caused me to watch him closely. On this particular evening, however, I was lost in my own thoughts - so entranced with what I had heard. Ironically, in my interest in introducing myself to the violinist in question - I forgot that Bisquick was in my possession, and meandered on over to introduce myself, dragging Bisquick along with little thought.
''When it concerns a child? A child victim on an NSY case? You better believe that it's my bloody business!''
I look up abruptly, wanting to hold onto sliver pieces of Sherlock's life, his past, or time when he wasn't feeling how he's feeling now.
''What's up with the Nyquil?,'' I ask carefully, not knowing what's likely to earn me a scowl and what's likely to cause a blow up.
From the inside of the space the rest of the bathroom looks green, and eerie, and I quickly seek out hot water before pulling the tap upwards to flood the shower interior with water.
''Right. But two or three minutes more at this point isn't going to make that much of a difference, is it? So you'd better get to the point and tell me what's bothering you. And don't tell me 'nothing' again, Sherlock. You promised me; no subterfuge. Openness. My first condition. The primary condition.''
He set to work tying the gauze around the spoke of bone that exited the child's forearm, and Toby let Sherlock proceed without protest.
''I don't know, Sherlock. What you've been doing to yourself is something that I can't conceive of doing to myself.''
I can quickly envision what must have happened. At best, the scene must have been fraught with anxiety and anger. At worst, it was likely to have made Sherlock look unstable.
But the kitchen is empty too. I do catch sight of a mug out on the table. I pick it up and sniff it.
''Have you discussed a time? Date? Some time this week?,'' I clarify, hoping John doesn't take my brusqueness for irritation.
Not as an activity in the present time, because it was too hard for me to conceptualize. So I put it towards the back of my mind, and focused on the greater issues.
I growl something back to her - have no idea what, really - but am thankful when the chair is finally close, and I'm able to sink down into it.
I let my hand rest there, stunned, and take in the shape of his stomach. Can feel the edge of hipbone sluice through tissue. Let my fingertips touch the hipbone. I can feel the vast difference in width between the bottom of his cored out stomach and the highest peak of bone at the top.
''I al-almost killed myself,'' he stammers, at long last. ''I should feel ashamed. I hurt you, and I hurt Mycroft. How can you even stand to look at me right now?''
What's more: he's seen more and done more to help Sherlock at the lowest ebbs than anyone else, and he likely is wary of putting off treatment for a man whose just confessed confusion over even wanting to get better.
When I get out of the shower I dry off quickly, changing into black trousers and a grey silk shirt. It’s a size larger than I normally would have worn – even at my highest weight – and it billows around me.
''My hands are burning! Just open up, 'kay?,'' I holler. ''Before I get this all over the carpeting!''
Sherlock remained quiet, merely came upon his dormitory entrance, and held the door open for me and rotten old Bisquick.
''You'll be fine,'' Sherlock provides calmly a few seconds later, further demonstrating his precognitive abilities.
After all, I don't know if I love anyone, and I don't want John to assure me that I can. How ridiculous is that assurance, anyway? To have to assure a 36 year old man that they can do something that most infants can do?
''Okay, so we are getting somewhere then. That's good. So you don't have any sexual or romantic feelings for m-''
''My poor boy,'' she whispers with an exhale, ''I-I am going to make him something to cheer him up a little bit...''
''Sherlock, what?,'' I ask insistently. ''What is it? Please, you can tell me. We can work it out together.''
Sherlock turns against the bed spread, his cheeks flush with heat and his entire body compressed upon itself.
“Why do you think that you hate yourself?,” I ask once I can be sure my words will come out in even and measured strength.
"No. Not all all. But we want Toby to talk to us. He's the only one who really knows what happened, and he's not talking for a reason. Yes, he's likely very scared - that is true. But some of this could also be shame. It is also unlikely - if my colleague's concerns are correct - that Toby will mention anything in your presence," Donovan says, in one of her victim-soothing voices.
Toby looks back down to his lap. He has been reading, apparently, and now goes back to looking at the pages. His free arm flips a page, while his casted arm comes up closer across his chest. It's a defensive position. From the distance, I can see scribbles from where, undoubtedly, nursing staff has signed him well wishes. Very likely, all acquired in the last few hours.
My hands dwarf the smaller fossilized markings of a tiny, tiny human and I stare at the record in mixed emotionality.
''Can you imagine him at 23? He was horrifically rude. Petulant. Brilliant - always, no question - but no social skills at all.''
So eating, as necessary as it is was likely linked to development into a more adult form - at least in Sherlock's mind.
''It's not all the time,'' he says finally, his voice quiet. ''Just once in awhile, like when I was a boy. Almost never, really. And I'd never act on it.''
It's a departure chapter, from which the next chapter will make much more sense, and it's from a character's POV that you won't see again in this work - but which is vital for understanding Sherlock's fear, as it is exposed more and more in subsequent chapters. So this POV is from that of Victor Trevor.
''What, Sherlock?,'' and I try to touch his leg, but he flinches away. ''What is this? What is all of this? I don't see things like you see them. I know you're feeling rotten inside and I hate - HATE! - this. Please talk to me. Please.''
''Toby wouldn't have wanted the exam to have started. That's not good enough, though. Not when you thought he had serious internal injuries.''
''You've taken things out of here,'' he says softly, not angry, but certainly not happy. He closes his eyes, seemingly aware as to what I've done. ''John,'' he whispers, ''you don't need to do this.''
So I reach across the short distance of separation and grab hold of Sherlock's limbs and pull him to his feet.
I stare at the piebald pattern of the tiles - brown and gold and green, organic and soothing - and agree with that assessment.
Fight my body's urge to fall into parade rest. A habit that rears its head whenever I am nervous or in unfamiliar territory.
Because I never went to church as a child (and certainly never when older), and I never believed in God. Beyond that the memory is old and stale, too. I can sense as much. But I can't place it, and as such I cannot organize it, nor attach any context or date or importance to the clip.
“Has Yuri informed you of the “additional issues” as they pertain to Sherlock?,” he asks carefully, unsure of how much to reveal without my say-so.
''And you're the one with the experience,'' he says easily, his voice less of a whisper; more stable now.
And then when I realize what I have done or how I have acted or what I have possibly revealed through speech - it is then that I want to hit something, or want to cut, or want to feel pain.
We moved along the cobblestone for several minutes in total silence, and I ignored the squealing sound of Bisquick as I walked off.
Hot bile is scorching my throat, and I root around in my bedside night stand table. Open the drawers. Locate a small bottle of Gaviscon.
''She cheated on her wife. I couldn't...well, it made me angry. Her wife was a really beautiful person, and Harry broke her heart. They tried reconciling, but there were other problems. Again - Harry.''
It means that you are afraid of even the moments you spend in solitude, once they have departed. You are afraid in such a way that you need to blot out the noise and colour of the external world at all times, not only when you feel preyed upon. You need to get rid of the noises of others, and curl inwards like a wounded animal.
Things haven't been easy lately, but I'm certainly not about to drop him like a hot potato. He doesn't have to seem so end-of-the-world about it all.
''No, don't get up. You just had surgery on your stomach. Your belly probably feels terribly sore right now.''
And to know that you gave up on this loved on, and increased their suffering - is a horrible, horrible feeling. The guilt is awful. The horrendous guilt at seeing the people you love hurting, but hating them as they hurt you, too. Even if they couldn't help it. Even if what they really needed was help and not your condemnation.
''Don't you talk to me about not 'getting' things! I can fully comprehend that this is serious, for god's sake!''
''Your body knows what it wants, at least,'' I broke the kiss, brought my hands back to his chest. ''I'm not going to hurt you, Sherlock. Alright?''
''You're right; I couldn't save him. I knew Adam was sick, and I knew he was purging; I had spent months talking to him by that point, and three weeks before he was to receive inpatient care for his problems - he passed away. It *was* tragic, Sherlock, all the more so as he never intended to die.''
The unspoken 'but' was there, of course - latent in his words. But so too was Mycroft's assessment that Sherlock wouldn't be ready for such a relationship without making a lot of emotional progress first.
I suddenly feel John's warm hand envelope mine. I guess my hand had fallen down and away from the chesterfield. Dangling above the floor.
And even if I could - should I? Or would it be something best left to Yuri? In a different setting entirely?
Iain Banks books on the shelves: The Wasp Factory. Consider Phlebas. The Culture series - and the pinned bat in a shadow box. Knife stabbed in the mantle, still.
I round the corner, and push against the EXIT door leading into a neon yellow hallway of stairs and more stairs and a precipitous drop to the basement.
I can hear John get up. I can hear the rustling sound of his body as it shifts about and as he removes the objects from my bed. Finally, I can feel him working a duvet over my body.
I lean forward and try to stifle the need to retch, and as I move about I realize that I smell like warm piss and sweat.
The doctor's lips form a hard line of irritation at the display and he moves the folder containing Sherlock's intake information towards my side of the table.
If someone wound rope across my chest and restricted my lungs from fully taking a breath, I could not feel more lightheaded.
No SH following the text, for some reason, but it's his number all the same. And then, once I read it and read the brief little blurb - a fear like I have never known leaps into my throat. A fear so rabid and hot that my hands are pounding on the keys, trying to get to Lestrade, Mycroft, Molly. Anyone who can help me. Help me help him.
"No. This is Mycroft's doing. Oh, I see it now. He told you...he told you I had been suicidal. I didn't just hurt myself - I tried to kill myself. Is that it? Melodramatic donkey's ass!"
Mycroft said that his affect had become flat, and that his concern - fleetingly - was that Sherlock had had a break.
''Let's get this,'' I insert impulsively, a pace away - if only to change the subject. A container of Bird's custard.
The brick building displays in smart grey letters a ''559,'' and I approach the deck gingerly - wanting to take everything in. A lazy, fat cat - pure white, with blue eyes - is studying me from the window to my right. Flicking his or her tail in what appears to be irritation. I give a little wave and see the cat cry in mute agitation from behind the glass.
And I know what it's like when someone seems to care enough to want to help but you just can't let them, because you don't know how to open up enough to make that possible. As fond as I was of Victor, I couldn't be the sort of man he needed, and now with John? Now it's even worse, because apparently - in some way - John loves me.
One minute, I am analyzing the contents of Yuri's bookcase – and feeling haunted in my realization of what I've seen regarding his partner – and the next, I am wandering back to the couch of his home-slash-office space, perusing a book on child abuse.
Scanning the number, I press 'talk' on my phone and then hurriedly type in the number. My fingers dance along my lap.
He looks hesitant to continue, and I flash him a sad, small smile. 18 is terribly young, especially to be pushed into the sudden role of guardian to a younger, traumatized sibling.
I'm about to protest the use of fine china, when she knowingly responds, ''Life is too short to put all the special moments on hold. Besides, this day probably could use a bit of something good now, couldn't it?''
''Ignore my friend. We appreciate your help. My friend has a lot of stomach pain,'' I say, keeping the language simple, while Sherlock glowers at me.
A voice throughout my whole body, louder in it's silent rantings than John's pleadings and Mycroft's offerings and bribes.
''I found this when I was cleaning things up at home,'' I say thickly, as his eyes turn from mine and land on the image. A look passes over his face, raw and unsettled. ''Three years old, apparently. Practically a baby. And all I see is fear, here. Now how wrong is that?''
How do I explain those feelings to my own brother...when I know the effort he invested merely to see me get well?
The previous weekend he also did a revamp of larger proportions. The room is no longer dark and heavy – but has been painted a periwinkle blue. A new shower curtain, and new towels – a crisp, spa white. The detective in me knows why, too. It’s easier to determine if I am hurt – or, more specifically – if I have hurt myself, as he fears I still could do (or worse: want to do) – with pale towels.
Just as I did when I was a child; when I sketched with charcoal pencils and painted with water colours.
I let out a whine, hoping the explorer will realize I'm ''more work than I'm worth,'' as mummy says.
The Martian almost laughs. I can feel his Martian body rumble with amusement. He always thinks I'm so funny. He thinks it's funny when I beg. It makes him happy.
''I know,'' I get out, thickly. ''And I know I might have said some things, before, that planted that idea-''
That hits its mark, and his jaw clenches under too-tight skin. I can see the bones of his skull pulse out against his temples.
Sherlock - who pushes himself beyond normal endurance levels just to solve a case. Who I still worry could start up again with the hard drugs. With cocaine, or with morphine, or whatever dark substances of his past could come back onto the scene. A tempting offering to obliterate thoughts that really hurt too much to be kept inside.
It was silly of me to think that Yuri's suggestions of an attachment disorder wouldn't wedge their way into the conversation sooner or later.
Toby's eyes are wide, and suddenly I don't see a nine year old at all. I see a toddler, and then I see a baby.
Of course! How would Mycroft learn of it? That John knew in the first place? Unless John was taking matters into his own hand, perhaps?
"No doubt it was. I found it awkward enough myself, and I was considerably older and able to deal with the subject emotionally. But Sherlock became, if anything, more uptight, more mortified as the session progressed. The more we told him that the event was not something he could control, and that it wasn't something unusual - the more upset he became. At one point, fearing I was making him more ashamed, I attempted to leave the room - but he grasped onto my arm and refused to let me leave. His fear had, evidently, eclipsed his shame. So I stayed."
''Thinking's good,'' he breathes. The line is hackneyed, but when he says it - his mouth is threatening to break into a full smile.
For some conditions, such as Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, self-harming was part and parcel of self-soothing because of an otherwise created 'construct' of self-assurance. A bartering, of sorts. (''If I run five miles, and tap the big, red tree three times - then my family will be safe.'') It was often an exchange between something that was considered mildly irksome but ultimately redemptive, and something much more powerful and frightening. Mildly irksome always wins out. Little evil always wins out against big evil.
''You assume I've lost weight. I've always been this way. This is my set point weight, and I'd prefer if you didn't critique my physical appearance, please.''
Luckily the space is a little more comfort-oriented compared to what I am used to; there is not a single, stiff upright chair (as I had with Ella), nor a lounging chaise or laid back couch (as I imagined most psychiatrists would have for clients). There's just a grey, L-shaped sofa. Soft and pliant enough that I sink a little bit into the frame and find myself almost tempted to pull my feet up besides me. It's that roomy. Nothing like the hard, rigid-lined designer piece that Sherlock owns back at Baker Street, either. How he sleeps on that thing is beyond me.
I swallow down the last bit of mocha, now cool, and leave the restaurant hurriedly - just as my phone buzzes again:
''No. I don't want to forget you said anything. Not when it's upsetting you, and not when I suspect I could help you.''
''Yes, there is a note on the file here. If you go to the third floor. Room 20 A - there will be time to go over basic release information.''
''You thought what? That I'd simply respond to your movements? Let you proceed? Without any consideration as to what such an activity could do to you? How it would make you feel?''
His eyes drop back down to the bed covers. To the blanket. He starts to fiddle with the fringe on the blanket with his right hand.
He leans sideways into the frame of the bed, suddenly looking exhausted. When he speaks again, his voice is muffled.
"No," he growls. "No. Mummy had me see doctors. Quite a few. Nothing was wrong with me. I was just obstinate."
''Then call him back! Because I spent thirty minutes speaking with a man who seemed very attentive to what I had to say. Who seemed like he truly wanted to help. I don't believe that he just randomly chooses some people to help, and some people to push away, Sherlock.''
On September 11th of 2020, my sister passed away suddenly. She was in her 30s with no health issues that we thought could lead to such a sudden death, although she had dealt with major depression as previously mentioned, as well as the development of bipolar in her teenage years.
And then, unbidden - an image of that night. At my apartment. Me and John, eating our soup, pecking at our salads and our biscuits, and Sherlock - throat convulsing, eyelashes darkened from dampness - struggling to skewer a cherry tomato. A fine ripple of anxiety shredding through his system, and then when he turned and stared at me, I saw a veil of emotional repression settle over his face. I saw the barrier come down and the outwards expression morph into something different, and the acting would have been tremendously convincing if I had missed the way he had seemed moments prior, missed the conversion.
When he makes his way into the study, coat draped over his arms, I can see that he’s looking relatively well rested and healthier than on our previous meet up although he seems somewhat fatigued – as if he’s pulled an all-nighter.
My concern, of course, is not only to ensure Sherlock gains some weight in the next few days - which, at this time, is becoming increasingly critical - but also to focus on getting him to eat foods that are highly nutritious. Not merely fat filled, or calorific, but also well rounded. I am hoping that this approach will also be less unnerving to Sherlock and will allow him to adapt to a newer dietary plan with less fear than the one outlined for weight restoration at Maudsley.
"Perhaps there was a viral epidemic whereby people were bleeding from their eyes? And you were trying to determine if I had succumbed to the big, black sleep? Is that it?," I try again, crossing my arms over my chest. I know I look petulant. I can't help it. The move is almost instinctive, and as loathsome as it is for me to admit it - strangely comforting. I can feel the physical dimensions of my chest, my arms, the top of my torso - and I can sense that I am disconnected and therefore separate from everything else in existence. While that very thought sometimes brought me great anxiety in childhood, now - in adulthood - it gives me a strange measure of peace.
I stop and look at the word - almost as if I cannot grasp its meaning - before turning down the aisle and scanning the books for titles, for themes.
That this Universe is a Universe full of pedophiles. Child abusers and rapists. This Universe, and the mess that exists in the hearts of so many, is the reason why Sherlock is the way he is currently; the reason for his wounding in the first place, and his subsequent self-abuse.
''I'm okay. I-,'' and we watch each other, before I look down at my mug. ''A person will be calling me back soon, and I just need to be in a quiet place to talk, okay?''
''I want to get better,'' he hisses, ''and I know you'll help me. Even if I feel like it's wrong. I know you'll help it make sense, inside of me-''
I stare at the drink, and consider my options. Consider how they will sound, but also consider what I will do if I add cream or sugar to my tea. Will I drink it?
I let his statement resound without an immediate answer, before furrowing away my upset at his self-perception.
Because I haven't really cried in years. And I'm scared to cry. Scared for him to see that come out of me.
So, with that in mind - and to completely prevent Sherlock from having similar worries, even if he doesn't consider me his closest friend - I send off the PM.
''Well, you won't take the meds. And these shouldn't have any side effects. I thought...it was better than nothing,'' he adds gruffly.
What's more, it's only the second time in my life that I've actually ever told someone that I love them. In the romantic, non-blood-familial sense, I mean. And the first time was a piteous rejection. A rejection of me that occurred post-announcement.
''What did Victor say?,'' I say mildly, even though I'm fairly certain that if what Victor said was anything less than supportive of Sherlock, I could care less about Victor's appreciation of relationships. Truth be told, I probably could care less about Victor. From the little Sherlock's mentioned, I can read between the lines. Obviously Sherlock was nervous about certain things, and obviously Victor pushed him. He might not have been mean about it. But that doesn't erase my anger over anyone taking advantage of Sherlock at any point in his life.
''I never asked you to do anything,'' comes the wheezing sound of my best friend, fighting off tears. Always fighting his need to cry, but never actually crying. ''Why can't you leave this alone?,'' he asks in a congested groan.
''Are you done now? With your exam?,'' I say next, not liking the feel of her hands against my torso. She's touching my ribs - not excessively, but I don't like that she is touching my bare skin at all.
''Come here, please,'' I whisper, and he leans forward. When he does, I pull him into a gentle hug and cup my left hand around the nape of his neck.
''Yes, I gathered,'' Dr. Pascal says with a smile and holds the door to his flat open for me. ''Come on in.''
I put a bag of art supplies near his bed, and he looks at the bag sceptically - as if it's a big, growling dog, and not simple brown paper. As if the items could bite him, or actually do him harm.
''This all feels...I don't-,'' he stammers, arms holding his torso in a self protective hug. Then suddenly: ''I feel sick, John.''
''He seemed potentially acceptable, all things considered. He was not excessively concerned about me, which made it easier for me to be in his presence. If there is one thing I cannot stand, it's someone else's maudlin...pity.''
''I have to get back to the flat,'' I reveal. And if I just want to close my eyes and sleep for a thousand years, then what must Sherlock feel like?
''Satisfactory? Look Sherlock, you're the patient. You are paying. If you want to meet me for a tentative appointment or two, I won't even charge you. Consider if my thank you for actually calling.''
These disorders are particularly pernicious, and once they have developed over many years - and well into adulthood - they are notoriously difficult to treat.
I catch Donovan's look - hawkish and severe as she glances over to Sherlock, alarmed. For a second, I think she's going to interrupt - going to intervene. I hold up my hand, gently, to indicate that she should hold off. She looks back up at me, eyes owlish and huge in her petite face.
''There was a girl. She was a month shy of her 14th birthday. Her father brought her into the surgery - stated that she had been complaining of pain in her abdomen. He feared appendicitis, and said she was generally sickly, anyway. Always had been. And the first thing I really noticed was she was sickly, of course, but in a pronounced way. It was obvious. And when I asked her to remove her jumper to press lightly on her stomach I just became more concerned. She was ribs and spine and coldness everywhere. Just...coldness radiating out of her - the complete reverse of a healthy body. Her throat had been swollen and I asked if it hurt to swallow. She suddenly looked terrified, and I asked to check her throat with my light - you know - wondering about an infection. Did all the proper tasks, but just knew something was off. Enamel gone off her teeth, petechiae under her eyes. And I knew - or the evidence was so suggestive of something darker, I remember just standing there for a few seconds - not knowing what I should say. Knowing I couldn't let it go, but following her eyes moving back and forth, and her eyes - it was as if she was pleading with me to keep her secret. The pieces just came together, and it was awful Yuri - because she knew that I had figured it out. And here is this little girl - still so little, really - sitting like cold stone in my office with her oblivious and authoritarian father, and how do I even raise the question? How do I voice my concerns to a scared teenager with her dad right there?''
Eventually, he would have stumbled. At this point, he was likely carried the rest of the way down the embankment.
I retrieve a tumbler, petulantly certain that I won't be touching any of John's tea or coffee any longer. Or any of his treats or food. I'll get my own stuff, thank you very much.
This man has been in the clinic for a perforated stomach ulcer, and he seemed almost flippant about his physical problems at certain points in our conversation. (Obviously nervous that he had been assigned to talk to a professional, but otherwise disinterested in communicating with me.)
I hit the button on the electric kettle, and dump two generous servings of sugar-free cappuccino mix into our respective cups, topping Sherlock's with a bit more milk to cool down the concoction.
And what I realize is funny, now, is that for all John has said about how I brought new things into his life – adventure, or challenge, or even danger – he brought similar changes into my own life; safer changes, for the most part – but changes that I could reach out towards without wholly owning.
Suddenly, I feel a surge of protectiveness and faint affection bloom in my core. I push it away and focus on his breathing, instead.
The elder man now brushes an invisible dust particle from his jacket and taps his umbrella against the lino.
''Try to drink a little bit, Sherlock,'' he said softly, and I read the label. It was lemon. With real sugar. I turned it over and read the carbohydrate values, and hated myself for the sudden swelling up of distress that the nutrition label generated within me.
When we learned that they had been killed in a different fashion to that which had been initially presumed - and only after had their corpses been mutilated - well, then it became even stranger.
I try to swallow down the ache in my throat at his pronouncement. At the rawness of the words. At the ugliness of the sheer possibility that something like that could have happened to him.
As we walk through the park with our respective beverages - a macchiato for myself, a London Fog with cashew cream for him - he softly tells me about the cold case he's started working on. Gives me an update on John. Mentions in a mad rush that he's seeing a therapist.
It's not like I can ask John, either. There is no casual way of bringing it up. There is no way I can ever know just how badly I've made myself look. Just how disturbed he's going to be with me, going forward. The horrible things I may have said without consenting to speak. Not really.
Not to have my name bandied about over the phone, where anyone can see. Not when my name is regularly in papers. It would be too much of a nightmare to have my private on goings revealed to the papers where everyone can read about them. Where Donovan and Anderson and Lestrade can read about them. And while a doctor or receptionist would likely be in hot water for talking openly about a patient, I don't want to take any chances. Especially since a bothersome patient could just as easily overhear and be the blabber-mouth.
When my skin opens up, I sometimes feel a glowing ember of promise in the pain that has yet to arrive.
''No,'' he reiterates, his fingertips pinching my sides, my back where he's holding me. There is a certain frustrated insistence that I must be wrong in what I'm saying.
''And that's okay,'' I assure him, though I'm certain that this story is far more complicated and far more layered than Sherlock's need to express affection.
"I should have. In retrospect, it's clear that he should have been taken to the hospital, but I foolishly decided to keep him home for yet another day, despite the fact that I knew I could not stay with him. At the time, I thought it was a better alternative than forcing him to go to school when he was so obviously struggling to keep himself together emotionally."
He gave up on trying to prevent my entry into his home about nine months ago. A skeleton key of sorts, and additional ones can be cut with relative ease. With the knowledge that I'd usually knock, of course, so my brother determined that the expenditure of changing the locks was just not worth it. I liked knowing I had emergency access when needed.
''I'm in love with you!,'' he spits, wiping at his eyes furiously. ''I can't be, I can't- and I can't do any- you're not even like that!- and I'm scared.''
So, again - in retrospect - Sherlock's reaction to my reaction should have also not have come as a surprise. I knew, perhaps better than anyone else, that he didn't have many friends. But he had me. I was his friend. I was a person he had appointed as a ''friend,'' and sadly - I had already shot that title down once before with a quick ''colleague'' rebuttal - my fears about being viewed as a potential lover surging forward around Sherlock's University acquaintance.
''Well, he's in clinic now. If something is beyond you, there are others that can help,'' and I feel light pressure at my hand, then warmth. She gives my fingers a light squeeze. ''It'll be okay, in the end. It will be, John.''
Because I have started to have strange and advancing moments where I've contemplated something else with him. Contemplated something sexual with him, at least in the more distant imaginings of my barely aware consciousness. And while I can acknowledge that impulse - even if repressed - I can't share those thoughts with him.
He's deathly still and quiet, the rapidity of his earlier breathing starting to slow. As if the pain is grounding him.
''I don't like to think of anyone I like in any way, wanting to do that. Any of that. Because it's wrong.''
As I re-read the words, I can hear Yuri's crisp voice in my mind - in his hybrid accent of French and British.
So after Gregson departs too, I stand up and make my way down the hallway, and out past the break room. Staggering into the stairwell, I walk to the second floor and make my way into the larger washroom and shower room. It's technically just for Scotland Yarders - not 'guests', but the others have seen me around enough to know my presence doesn't indicate an intruder.
''This is going to be the first session since I-,'' and his voice drops off suddenly. A boulder plunged from a precipice.
''Well, no bother. He knows you care for him. He just needs to calm down. And he's not sleeping properly is he, love?''
''You could never understand how anyone could do this to themselves. Why they just wouldn't eat,'' he grinds out. ''Yes. I get it; I'm disordered. I am not-''
This whole exercise feels so ridiculous. But I do it, because Yuri told me that perhaps, eventually, it will help. That one day the words won’t merely be words, but a changed belief.
I have a pretty good suspicion as to what Mycroft wants to discuss, and I can't help but feel agitated just thinking about how quickly things have devolved in less than a day. Putting the books back into my bag (and wrapping up an extra chocolate biscotti for Sherlock in a separate bag), I nervously tap my fingers against the melamine counter and wait for a response.
''I don't want to care about someone else's opinion of me, John. Not if I have to be talking about things that...,'' and my throat feels swollen. ''It's hard enough to think about some of this stuff on my own. It makes me feel...well, you probably can guess it doesn't make me feel good. And if I get upset, I don't want it to be around someone who has any real respect for me.''
He's given his life to solving crimes. His life wasn't generated around making money, or exploiting others with said intellect.
This newfound stage mostly involved movie dates while we started on our respective graduate level courses (combined with the typically noted romantic detours and activities of young couples in love): kissing, cuddling, behaviours that skirted near to having sex without actually being such.
''Because I can take the next step, Sherlock, if I deem it necessary. I can call for emergency aid, if you can't come back on your own.''
The things that make Sherlock, well, Sherlock - are still present. His rapidity of thought, his intelligence, his ability to look and study and SEE a person in their complexity, his ineffable and hard-to-identify traits that make him seem almost ethereal. I'm just seeing them from a different angle. The social awkwardness, which I used to think was more a disinterest in social connection - has done a complete turn in my mind, has morphed into a new awareness.
I sigh, then crouch down along the wall, sitting side by side to Sherlock. Our bodies touch in the center, and that's with us using a handicap stall with the additional space for a wheelchair. Normally we'd have to have had this little chat in a hallway or a private room - like all the other normal people. Not crouched down by a toilet in a handicap space with grouting on the tiles and the scent of lemon disinfectant in the air.
''What do you propose I do? How do you think I address issues with him - issues it sounds like you've discussed with him, undoubtedly one of his best friends - and get him to see that he needs help?''
He probably is wondering how he could have missed anything like this if it had been a daily occurrence.
''If you are going to stop hurting yourself, you can get rid of the scale in your bedroom, for starters.''
My eyes gloss over words. Swims with words and terms, some old and memorized for final exams, rarely to come up in my general practice and others far less utilized.
''I highly doubt my life has been that interesting. Most of the interesting things I have experienced, well, they happened to me after I met you.''
So I am having difficulty understanding what could be causing him so much fear now. What could have prompted the change in such a relatively small period.
''Mycroft told me to count backwards from 100. You start with 100, and you count backwards until you get to zero, and you have to go down by seven.''
''He was a whirlwind of activity. All the time, not just sometimes. He's much the same now, but he's a bit softer around the edges. Bit more polite.''
So much has happened in the last month, but this one issue is one that I've kept at the back of the huge closet of demons Sherlock has recently revealed to me.
Sherlock hovers behind me. Rigid. Not touching me, but wanting to - as his fingers dance over my body. Not touching me, but almost.
A heart-breakingly small Sherlock glances off to the side. His eyes are looking perhaps towards a photographic assistant, standing out of line of the shot. Maybe one of those assistants in children's portrait studios who wear puppets on their hands and try to get diminutive clients to laugh. Or at the very least to smile.
Because while his motions indicated a proclamation of wanting something physical, his features, his motions, the clenching of his hands and the pallor of his skin - only told me that he was terrified of its progression.
Molly just grins at me, then removes her keys from her oversized duffle. I catch a large cartoon cat keychain. Hello Kitty, I think. Ridiculous keychain for a grown woman to have, in my opinion.
Normally Sherlock would have already determined the predator. The monster who could have done something like this.
''Do you think you're sick?,'' I query. I try to keep the tone even, unwavering, lacking in force but also lacking in hesitancy.
''You've always done just fine, there,'' I mutter to him carefully, wanting him to sense that nothing really has to change. Not between us. ''I don't want you to change who you are. I just want you to be the healthiest you can possibly be. I'm not asking for anything more than your best effort to get healthier, okay?''
''Normally, yes. I thought I would be a better person for you to talk to right now. I might have more answers for you.''
''You can do this,'' I stress. ''I know you can. I know you will. It's going to get better. Trust in that first, alright? Trust in yourself most of all.''
It takes about three minutes before I can bring anything up. When I do, I see the food I last ate come up first. Bits of mushroom and tomato sauce, chunks of neon-orange plastic cheese.
''When I was younger, Harry sometimes watched me. My parents also suffered from, well - they were both bad with alcohol too. My mum would drink and she'd be more or less useless. Sometimes depressive. My father became mean.''
''How's that going?,'' I say evenly, trying to keep the discussion from terminating prematurely. ''With your therapist? He's helping? If it's a 'he', I mean.''
John actually sighs. I hear his sigh, and I see him lower himself down to his haunches. Probably so he can meet me eye to eye. A display of camaraderie, perhaps?
''If he's to come home, what do you want me to do? What are your conditions to make the, uh, the second option possible?''
''I don't want to stop it,'' he says, his throat choking on the words. ''I know you want me to, but I don't want to. I can't...,'' and his words break off - almost as if he's been winded and lost all the air from his lungs.
Molly smiles quickly, but the smile doesn't last. She nods at the information again, to herself. As if I'm not even in the room.
''You seem to becoming more agitated as the days go on, and not less. Do you know why?,'' I ask him carefully. ''We are talking more, but you seem more agitated the more we talk about these subjects. I know these are tough things to discuss - I'm not downplaying that for a second - but I want to know if there is something I could do that would make you feel better. Better able to talk to me, talk about what you're dealing with, or talk about how you feel.''
Part of me - the part that is angry at being alive, perhaps - wants to chuck the sandwich across the room. To show what, I am not really certain.
Sherlock continues to nod to himself - so lightly that part of me doubts he's entirely aware of the motion.
I feel something, then: a static edge to the air; a weird awareness – almost cellular in nature – warning me that I have to take this slowly. Proceed carefully.
And I came so close to confiding in him about what had been happening to me, because I knew he cared about me in an almost parental way.
''How did these kids get all those piercings? Don't parents have to sign for minors?,'' John asks, taking a bite of beans on toast.
''This room was originally supposed to be for film viewings only. That was Patrick's idea. I wanted it to be a library. You can sense the clashing styles, I bet. I'd go more for a classical style, though I'm sure he'd want it to feel like something out of Star Wars. So we compromised.''
John has an interesting pace and stride when he walks, and I try to focus on that now, because I find it inherently calming to focus on his rhythms and motions and expressions. I can ascertain whether he is angry, excited, happy, fatigued...all from his pacing alone. Which I can do with most people, but even more so with John because he is very open and present.
Sunday morning, and the light is cracking through the window. I deliberate if I should get up and close my blinds.
I look back down to the smudged table. Little fingerprints cover my end of the plastic-topped furniture. I place my own hands next to the smudges.
I recognize similar qualities in Yuri's tone now. Surprise, perhaps, at what appears to be Sherlock's obvious fear. Hesitation to say the wrong thing. To appear to forward, but also a hesitation to appear reticent lest Sherlock take silence as a personal dismissal.
''What is going on with you now? Because, believe me, your moods are difficult to navigate at the best of times,'' I bark, voice low but direct. I glance around at the dozen or so passengers also awaiting the arrival of the train. ''You up and leave, are gone for HOURS, come back with this sort of attitude-''
Still, I can't help but feel a sorrow at the loss. The horrible loss of energy and focus and passion and determination. Some of the brightest minds so turned towards their own self-destruction...
''Now, let's say a couple more months go by - and Molly loses weight. Far too much. Would you consider her potentially suicidal based on this alone?''
''Right,'' Lestrade sighs, ''that is definitely one avenue of investigation we will not be taking...accusing the man you punched of having a sexual relationship with a man, when he's not even openly gay. If he's gay.''
''Sherlock. Get up. Get ready,'' I stress, using my firmest 'Captain John Watson' voice. ''Move it!''
''But I love you,'' he expels, and it comes out almost as a pejorative. As if he hates the fact that he does, in fact, love me. As if he's conflicted by that admittance because he's come to learn that love must always equal sex, and sex must be offered freely, lest it be taken by force.
''He's going to be furious with me,'' he hisses at last, looking up at me with an undeniable vulnerability.
''You never treated me like I was wrong,'' he says, his voice pained. ''And you never made me feel different, even when I wasn't always that good of a friend to you. You are special - to me. You ARE my friend. You know that, right? I know I haven't always been the best one in return, yet-''
His hand is cold and clammy and holding onto mine with such force now. And he's right - I don't get it. I finally let my other hand trail up to his back, to the nape of his neck. I apply light pressure there, feel him tremble, then frown.
''I meant that I won't let you keep hurting yourself. I've stood back long enough and watched you get sicker and sicker, because I thought if I stepped back and just tried to be your friend, that it would be enough. That you'd get through this rough patch, and start to do better again. That it was a low mood, and just an episode of...something. But it's not enough, is it? This isn't going away, is it?''
Surreptitiously, I watch the girl's smile falter slightly as she scans in the purchases. She has a warm, open face and cannot possibly be more than 19 years of age. Some part of her demeanor reminds me of a young Molly Hooper. Innocent, and very sweet. Eager to help.
''Sherlock. No games right now. I don't have the patience for games right now. Does your stomach hurt?,'' I ask quickly, licking my lips, nervous.
''I never have had anything like this happen before! Not ever! But it is now! I covered it all up for a reason, and all you're doing is ripping all the covers off and making me look at it. And I don't want to!''
The nod is automatic; I can't help but relate, and perhaps - just a little - be soothed by Lestrade's assurance. His relay of the fact that Sherlock has been in worse positions before yet managed - somehow - to make it through.
His light weight leans against my shoulder, and I can feel the slight heat of a feverish body warming the side of my torso.
''No, Victor, lissen,'' he slurred. ''I can't do this with you-'' and he waved his hands around, then motioned between himself and myself. ''It alarms me.''
''Says the man who has done so many crunches recently that his back is scarred pink from his exertions.''
''What have you done?,'' I breathe, swallowing excessively to remind myself that I can. That I can move, and breathe. That this is real life. ''My God, Sherlock - what have you done?''
''Damn it! That is NOT OKAY, Sherlock! Anything else is fine! Tell me how you feel! Get it out! I won't judge you for that, or for anything! Not even this - just to clarify - but that doesn't mean I can let you hurt yourself!''
Additionally, his silhouette is further bulked up by what looks to be a hand-knit toque. In some ways, he reminds me of a little kid whose been overdressed by a mother on the first chilly day of autumn.
Molly...who has somehow motivated Sherlock to eat something when I couldn't get him to eat a cracker or take a sip of tea?
''There *is* nothing wrong with you, okay? Your reaction is completely understandable. I just think there is too much fear associated with this subject for you to be able to make that determination about yourself.''
''This is for your purview, Dr. Watson'', he says gruffly. After a few seconds, I open the file. My eyes glance over the contents of the file, quickly studying the numbers on the pages.
''Or what?!,'' Sherlock almost screams, his eyes now open and red. ''You already said it, JOHN! That no one else ever stayed to make sure I WAS OKAY, AND YOU'RE RIGHT! No one else cared - no one at all, NOT EVER. So why SHOULD I?''
The door opens, and the child is picked up momentarily before being placed down on the rocky ground below.
His brow crinkled, but he hurried along - all with his injured hand pressed against his clothing to absorb the blood, and his pale features whitening even further in the setting sun. It gave him a ghostly look - all thin lines and the alabaster skin of someone plagued with consumption, bitterest anxiety in his voice.
''We can work on this together, alright? And we can present a plan of action to Mycroft, who I think might give us some leeway provided he sees some positive changes in the next while. I won't let you do this alone; you're not by yourself, Sherlock.''
I know it's all crap, anyway. A cover for some other issues. He certainly knows enough about human behaviour to understand that most people - most sane, normal (''boring'') people don't like to be looked at as inferior, or lacking, or just plain stupid. So it was with an understandable - if uncharacteristic - irritation that I began to feel my temper rising.
And then the voice startles us both. Tired and scared and angry - but somehow not really angry at all.
'Sherlock is a 12 year old boy, who presents with severe emotional issues. During time of admission, Sherlock readily exhibited catatonic tendencies.'
''You're a bit mucky right now, and I know how fastidious you normally are,'' I continue on, the volume of my voice so low that even if he were awake he'd likely have to strain to hear me. ''When you awaken, if it's before dinner, you'll probably want to get a shower. I got you some new soaps,'' I ramble. ''They are pear. I think you like pear. I noticed that your ridiculously expensive shampoo is scented to smell like pears.''
I don't know what that is; I don't know how to even ask for it. How to ask John for it, or ask Yuri for it. Or ask Mycroft for it.
''John,'' Mrs. Hudson demands, ''What is going on?,'' and to me, equally confused, ''oh Sherlock, I think you've gone and got yourself a little worked up over-''
I mutter my thank you and return the sentiment, before I hightail it out of the shop. I walk two blocks before I come across a small café; the sign below the awning reads: "Authentic Italian Lattes-Cappuccinos-Espressos and more!" in curlicue script, and the interior of the building is low lit, almost closed off from the street and the hubbub of noise and activity. It seems soothing.
''Like, umm, too much for my skin. Pressure and too much, and I can't-,'' and he stops them. Blinks at his hands. ''I can't feel like this. It's awful feeling like this,'' he whispers. ''That's why I had plans.''
Toby brings his casted arm up over his face and turns into his pillow, as if to block us from his sight.
''Do you think for one second that Mycroft is to blame for your problems?,'' I probe further, exhausted with everything, and especially exhausted with Sherlock hurting himself.
“We attended many of the same medical classes. Initially. Yuri ended up pursuing psychiatry, and I went towards GI specialization. But we have stayed in basic contact throughout the last decade or so, and I am aware of some of his trademark methods. He always had this belief that it was easier for patients to express thoughts when they wrote them down first on their own time, and not simply when questioned about them in an office.”
''We need an angle, a way in,'' Donovan clarifies, ''unless you want us to accuse a man of having an affair when we have absolutely no proof whatsoever. Which, after your actions, will make us look like the most incompetent team ever - especially if you are wrong yet again.''
''Would it help if I came over there?,'' I test, glancing at my watch. ''My last patient booked off at the last moment. Caught that flu that's been going around.'' I have no further appointments this afternoon, and I feel as if Sherlock's words are ominous. Generally, that's never a good sign with patients that show the sort of symptoms and mood issues that he has already displayed.
But of course - he is afraid - and that awareness is awful to consider. The why's of it are awful to consider.
Yuri intercedes a moment later - pulling on his winter jacket, quickly reaching for his shoes - just as we both hear the door to the house rattle shut with a weak slam.
''No, I - well, thank you - I am a tutor for organic chem, and-,'' Sherlock's hands fluttered about his sides in nervousness.
''Don't think about what I'm thinking. Just let yourself answer honestly. Would you - Sherlock - like me to stay?''
''She was older, but she wasn't hurt. And Mycroft was older, and he wasn't hurt. And I don't understand why your parents cared about Harriet more than you. I don't understand that. It doesn't make sense.''
''I'm not being silly! You are acting...okay right now, but I know you don't feel-,'' and he exhales harshly. ''I don't know what is wrong with me. I'm never that impulsive.''
''This isn't about you, John. This is about what others have done to him; things he can't easily talk about. You're probably little more than a placeholder for his rage right now, but you're not the cause of it.''
''What if I were repressing those types of feelings?,'' I start, uneasily, ''Couldn't I just not be aware of it? Because of everything? With Harry? Because I know what feeling like this would do to him?''
Sherlock says nothing, but I hear the sound of him reach around and grab his towel, so I pad softly away and wait for him to join me in the living room.
"So your mother was - what? Married to Mycroft's biological father? Obviously not to your biological father."
He resolutely avoided making eye contact while he ate. Sat down with his potatoes on a blue plate, tucked against his lap (and assisted by a small serving of broiled salmon which made me almost crazily happy).
"Damnit, Sherlock!," John breaths, suddenly sounding old and heart broken, "This is what I am talking about! Either you deliberately hurt yourself, or you didn't feel the pain associated with hurting yourself, and that is scar-," and his voice drops off.
He didn't turn around, and so I headed back towards his desk. Finally noticing a memo pad and assortment of mechanical pencils and fineliner pens that he'd housed in a metallic mesh holder, I scrawled my email and my name with a sprightly smiley face on the clean yellow paper, and then detached it from the pad before affixing the sticky portion to the outside of his laptop.
My chest is heavy and full, and my hand shakes against his skin. His own fingers have come to wrap around my digits and I hold his gaze.
I close my own eyes, not knowing what to say. With an adult, with an adult whose not been hurt - it's so easy. It hardly matters what you say, then, provided you get to the truth.
''I can't explain it, really; it's me and it's not me. It's just always sort of there in the back of my mind. Especially with, well-,'' and I point to the sandwich, the soup.
Ever since then, I had brought him foodstuffs. He had his preferences, too. Things that had nuts he could pull off and eat in small succession. Candies, gummies, things he could slowly chew. Things he could shell such as pistachios, sunflower seeds. Deep drags of diet Coke, slurped between each nibble. Actually, he gulped at Diet Coke like he smoked. Deep inhalations.
Because I wanted to cover this at another time, when he was in a better place. When someone else - his therapist, or other friends - or something! - had helped him get to a better place in his recovery, so that he could better hear and receive these words.
So I walk around the perimeter of Yuri's home office, glancing at the book titles on his shelf, study the framed photos of him and his husband, Patrick. Try to distract myself in the happiness of others, and let my gaze dance over about 20 years worth of archived happenings. The start of a relationship, it's progression. A photo of a marriage ceremony. Photos of a tropical climate.
"When we were looking for Toby - when we thought this was an abduction case, possible ransom case - and we spoke to his teacher at the day school - she said some things to me that made me suspicious about Toby's home life."
I feel the sofa dip and settle, and feel the heat of her body next to mine. My eyes remain closed, and her breath tickles my ear. She's so near to me, and I don't like that, but maybe she feels that she needs to be close to me right now.
I am coming to learn that Sherlock is much more pliable, if not at times almost 'cuddly' - when unwell. It's almost as if the heat ravaging his cells is, likewise, incapacitating his logical mind. His tendency to overthink.
''Don't give me that! You could have saved him, but you turned away! He needed you, Sherlock! He needed you! You are the best detective in this whole city, and you and I both know it! They begged you to help. I begged you to help!''
I look over now, taking in her living room and home. The air is softly sweetened - scented candles, perhaps? (vanilla? sugar cookie?) and at first I am a little surprised to catch two cats slinking by out of the corner of my eye.
He is speaking in a mock solemnity. Testing me, goading me, flinging his pain in my face. Showing his contempt.
Finally I step back, feeling lighter and less full of acid and pain. I flush the vibrant mess away, and go to wash up; cupping my hands under the faucet, I catch the black markings streaked across my skin, and rub at my lips, realizing the taste is hot and salty. I gulp a couple swallows worth of water and rinse out my mouth by spitting back into the sink.
"Yes, Mr. Observant. I was at a café this afternoon. A man spilled his beverage on me as he was leaving."
When everything is awful and gorgeous and scary and beautiful and alive and dead...all at the same time.
''Dr. Pascal leaves for lunch usually between noon and 12:10, but he sometimes steps out of the office for a brief period of time. I wouldn't want you to miss him. Are you sure you don't want to leave-''
''Is that gum?,'' I ask like a dolt, my heart pounding out more loudly than the volume of my words, I'm sure.
''You were just a baby,'' and he sits up, his limbs trembling, ''what sort of monster rapes a baby?''
"No," I growl, my voice low and commanding him to listen. "You know that's not what I'm talking about at all. You know that's not what I mean."
''That's helpful,'' I say, my leg jumping up and down against the lino, ''Maybe we can wean Mycroft off his cakes with this.''
''No,'' he pants, completely lost. ''I want- I need,'' and I have never felt so unnerved for a person before. Not just for a person's mind, or future; he looks as if he's splintering apart right now.
''I think he may be up. Yes, right now,'' I can hear an exhale. Frustrated. ''I will if I need to Mycroft. No, no - I have to go now. Okay. Yes, later.''
Maybe, that's even how the very first dream began - as they started abruptly, shortly after I learned about Victor - but soon, they progressed.
''No one worth their salt would lose respect for you, Sherlock. If anything...I think you are even more courageous than I previously thought, and-''
But there are glances and looks of incredulity when I make a mental leap, and then there is analysis, with a half formed frown. As if there is something rotten about me.
'Oh, I'm sure he tried', my mind supplies snidely. I realize I feel anger in measure that isn't appropriate.
The experience is different this time. I let myself eat and not obsess. I let myself consume, and when the inner harsh words of my mind hiss at me, I redirect my focus onto a standard poodle that has been tied up against one of the bike stands. The animal is sitting in elegant form - its fur slightly matted by the rain, and I watch it yawn in relaxed patience for its guardian to return.
But it's something I can talk to him about, at least. His caloric goal wouldn't change; it might even be less difficult for him to face, on the whole. I don't really know.
Because I am proud of him for having the courage to face any of this, never mind all of it. For continuing on through times that must have been so bleak.
''I know you might want to be alone right now. But I don't want to be. Will you sit with me a bit more?''
Usually it takes a shift in some mental preconception that is skewed and full of self-revulsion for healing to actually begin.
''Have you been cutting yourself? Cutting yourself anywhere? Tell me that much, and don't lie to me!''
If so, I know it would never have been a subsidized placement. Really, there are only two possibilities here: he either went to the poshest camp known to humankind with a bunch of snooty kids, or else he never went to camp, period.
By the time I walk to Tesco it is just starting to open. I stand out in the cold, as London's early morning sky is still caught up in the ink-blue hues of the night; charcoal clouds lazily make their way across the sky, and I have an itching, pressing need to smoke. A low-grade swell of panic is moving towards my center of consciousness, and I push away the prickling sensation of falling from a great height. The rapid onset of fear, as if injected straight into my veins.
At midnight - on the minute - I get ready to send another text. My brain spirals oddly around sending 'fuck you, too' for the merest semi-second before I recoil in shame.
At first I considered drugs, and then when that hypothesis was omitted as being impossible - I was forced to consider that which didn’t seem possible given his overall temperament but which remained as the only possibility; I knew of his eating habits, his exercise routine, and the stunning amount of weight he had lost since the summer semester had begun.
My gaze connects with Mrs. Hudson's and suddenly I realize she knows far more than she's letting on.
I finally secure the brown paper bag, and look through some of the sheets I printed out from the internet this morning. When I find what I need, I pull them out and show them to Donovan. She looks over to the boy, then back to me. "Okay," she says softly.
Next, Yuri had wanted to know when I had first noticed Sherlock's eating atypicalities (my word, again. I refused to call Sherlock abnormal, which was a word he bandied about with a self-depreciating tone).
He sneaks in another kiss, and I wonder - suddenly - if this is just his style. How he likes to kiss, if he's even kissed anyone before. Kissing as repartee. Kissing intermixed with conversation. Something equally playful, to match the feeling of sensuousness that his warmth and touch invoke. I suddenly realize that I wouldn't mind this if this were the only way he ever kissed me. The nervousness, of course, is still there.
In his hands, he had been clasping his watch. The clasp undone, yet forensics yielded no prints belonging to anyone other than those of Harrison himself.
I stare at him - prickly, uncertain. Our hands are suddenly matching, tremble for tremble, and I close my eyes and try to laugh, but it comes out as a weird, lobbed noise in my throat.
He readily gave up the name of his molester, but he seems adamant and persistent in his need to keep the identity of the person who tried to actually kill him a secret. And it doesn't make sense.
''It's probably very, very difficult now to separate decades of self-punishment - that you consider 'proper' behaviour - with self-compassion, which I think you feel is a form of indulgence and therefore wrong. I would guess a lot of this turmoil is stemming from that, Sherlock. Do you think I could be correct?''
''Tomorrow, please,'' I beg, feeling swarmed. Even if there is only one other person in the room. ''Just give me tonight.''
I could understand the pinched look of sickness on his face last night, and this morning, of course. But the flash of fear I am seeing now has not been caused by my previous words. It's a different form of nervousness. More intense, if anything.
I look at him quickly, trying to gauge what has happened in the last 25 minutes. Or 15 minutes. Or 40.
Sherlock's hand made that connection, and his thumb worked back and forth against the little boy's wrist.
Or perhaps because it simply was inanimate. Incapable of being hurt, and in most derivations - incapable of hurting.
But when someone has always been lean, and then take to wearing baggier clothes - you don't immediately think 'eating disorder.'
''Would you like me to text him?,'' I offer carefully, willing to accept responsibility for the action that seems to be causing him his present anxiety - and also wanting to maintain the illusion that he has some choice in what comes next. When ultimately, from an emergency standpoint, he really doesn't.
''Yes,'' John responds tightly drawing me back to the present. ''Yes, he hit us both. My mum and I, mostly. Rarely Harriet.''
Because eventually they all get tired. They get tired because I don't want to talk about things, discuss things, 'work through things.' And I can't say those words back. Words like ''I care about you.'' Or to say ''I love you, John''? That seems insurmountable, even though it's just four silly words.
''But as a medically trained individual who is aware of enough of the signs, haven't you ever encountered a case where you've suspected such an occurrence? No details needed of the patient, of course.''
''Awhile ago - couple weeks back, now - Sherlock told me he been at The Priory. As a child. Well, when he was 13.''
There is no response. Instead John starts to put the cereal away. Tucks the cheese away and stashes the milk on the bottom ledge of the fridge. I hear his breathing - scattered and harsh.
''I have,'' and my voice is dry, so I stop. Gather enough moisture to swallow. ''a problem with eating. I don't want to eat. I don't want it inside me. Any of it.''
''And we both know the limited number of ways a patient acquires that very particular accomplishment,'' I say gruffly.
He's going to leave bruises, I realize, and so before either of us can say another word I'm off the couch and at his side. And then I'm holding his hands in my hands, and keeping his hands from clamping and nipping his flesh.
“I don’t know!,” he manages to get out. “Only that-,” and the rest of his words degrade into unintelligible mumbling.
“I feel like the questions I am supposed to answer are these states of being that are supposed to be easy to name. But I can’t name them and it’s making me feel, I guess…keyed up. Only ‘keyed up’ isn’t an emotional state, according to Yuri’s-”
How can I make sense of his behaviour for him when I cannot conceive of something more illogical? When I cannot conceive of why he, in a million years, would be doing what he's doing?
''Don't talk to me like that!,'' I yell. I know I'm scaring John, but the anger is bubbling over. It's inflamed my entire body. If I keep having to look at his face - knowing that he saw everything - I'm going to lose it.
''Well, I explained that I had a flat mate, who'd been in clinic for stomach problems. And also...for not eating nearly enough. I explained that my flat mate was dealing with some things I didn't feel that I could handle on my own any longer,'' and John's voice drops to its lowest register now. ''Self-harm. Nightmares. I told Dr. Pascal that I had romantic feelings for my flat mate, but that I had never had romantic feelings for a man before. And that I was confused about it. Because my flat mate also happens to be my best friend. And I'd rather he remain my best friend forever, than for me to do the wrong thing and screw everything up.''
I give him some time to get his bath, with the compromise that he will leave the bathroom door open slightly and will respond immediately if I asked him a question.
I tilt my head, wonder if I can get through this without lying, but also without revealing the ghosts and the demons of Sherlock's past. I hope I can. But I'm not certain of it. I'm not certain Lestrade just won't intuit what is going on, even if I'm silent.
I feel my expression change at her appropriate use of my first name. I don't know if I am amused or a little disappointed at the change in her.
''No, he wasn't crying. He seemed fairly composed. More or less. Angry, yes,'' a pause then. ''Yes, he did,'' and John's voice in insistent and high, ''why? Oh, that doesn't make sense! No it doesn't! Why?! No? Then you get him to discuss it. I'm not asking him that! No, he didn't want to!,'' John's voice drops down to a lower octave, and I can only hear the mumble of sounds then. None are discernible.
''Maybe in a few days, if you are a bit steadier, we can visit the Yard? Would you like that? See Lestrade? See if he has any cold cases that you can read about from home?''
''No, I think that's his brother,'' I say uneasily. Knowing that - at one point, for sure - Mycroft was Sherlock's primary contact. Not knowing if I like that the fact that this has changed. Especially when I consider that I know so little about Sherlock's past. Not as much as Lestrade, and certainly not as much as Mycroft Holmes.
I will play games with him if it puts his mind at ease, but I am not talking to him about this in any depth. He has Mycroft to ring up for answers about my mental health, should it come to that.
I hear a shadowy breath, and then I hear another swallow - as if his throat is sore - and I will away a spike of empathy. Of empathy and knowing, and memories of my own.
I squinted up at him, the water had blanketed my dark hair into a carpet-like fringe over my eyes. I pushed at it, and let the water cascade down my throat.
I suddenly feel the heat and rage drain from my body, like water swirling down a drain. Mycroft's tone, his body language, his words - are all defensive.
I take a few seconds to get my bearing, to actually GET that it's actually Sherlock whose speaking these words. Not one of the children from our recent case from hell. And these nonsensical words feel wrong. They don't fit the puzzle that is Sherlock.
I give it a solid five minutes, debating if a large papaya will rot before it's consumed, or if I can lure Sherlock to nibble on something that actually contains vitamins.
Realizing his nervousness hasn't departed as I had hoped for initially, I decided to bring him to an end state quickly.
My shift is, thank God, relatively untroubled. Two children with strep throat, one adolescent girl with mono. A woman about Molly's age with tendonitis. Easy to discover, diagnose, and easy to treat. Efficient.
''Sherlock,'' and John grabs the lapels of my robe. ''Sherlock, be quiet. Stop thinking like this. Stop thinking bad things about yourself. About how no one could care enough about you to stay in your life. I'm not leaving.''
"I don't like that response," I say finally. Not knowing what else to say, and not caring if I sound like a 5 year old. I've been accused of being profoundly childish in the past, so I hardly care if I sound juvenile now. Especially if that is the prevailing consensus of my behaviour when I am normal. When I am fine.
''I have time, yet. Obviously,'' he says with no depiction of concern. Places his lunch, meager as it is, against the side table and reaches back for the remote. Presumably to drown me out.
He's staring at me, chest rising and falling. He looks close to a panic attack. He looks ready to be ill.
John presses his hand against his left eye, dropping his fork against the plate. The plate is smeared with ketchup, and the remnants of some sort of omelet.
''It was shortly after New Years. 2000, big one. London was nuts on New Years eve then. All these young people everywhere in the streets. And I was coming back from a friends house, and saw this young man sitting off to the side of the road, blood streaming down his face.''
My flatmate looks down suddenly, his eyebrows suddenly creased with a horrible, haunting look of grief.
Taking the lift to the third floor, I get off feeling a little woozy. Start to walk to the right, and watch the numbers fall away. Stop, turn and walk to my left.
''They told me yesterday that it was lucky that Toby wasn't conscious because with the injury to his skull, his brain - they wouldn't want to administer sedatives,'' the woman says tensely. ''And now you are saying that Toby needs to be examined like that? While he's awake? Can they even give him anything?''
When I get to the bottom of the stairs, I feel about my pockets for a couple of other things. I can feel the letter I have written to him. Which I wanted him to read before returning home. If only to allay any anxieties he might have had.
“I know. This is a hellish thing to talk about. I know,” he whispers. “But let’s just see this one part through, alright? To the end.”
''Well, you have a choice all the same,'' I clarify. ''You could have refused to see me at all. John's concerns aside.''
''That for a moment I was almost relieved that I could tell you but now I feel like I screwed up, John. I feel like I made it real in a way that wasn't real before.''
''I can't,'' he rasps, and I take a moment to inconspicuously study him: eyes closed, lashes damp. Back bowed.
And if there is, how understandable is that 'why' to Sherlock, whose still dealing with this old foe - brought back from the past - decades later?
''It seems like you almost want to see it fail. That relationship. Or even before it goes that far, because I know you detest it when I bring anyone back here - and that's why I don't. But you also seem to be in a bad mood if I stay over at someone else's, too, and I guess I'm just trying to determine-''
''You are seriously sick, Sherlock, and while I do not think sectioning is going to ultimately help you, your brother cares about you. He's always cared about you. And you can push away his attempts at aid, but don't speak as if he's doing something morally questionable or sexually perverse. Don't you dare insinuate something like that about the first person who ever tried to help you and the only one whose ever stuck around for your entire life!''
"Is that so?," he asks almost placidly. "It is "insane" of me to consider the possibility that you care intensely about my brother? Have feelings for him?"
''It's a nutritionally complete meal supplement,'' I say smoothly. I must sound like I am reading off the box. ''I don't need anything else for breakfast,'' I add hurriedly. In one can, I have consumed about the same number of calories that I normally allot for two days.
(Except he's not, is he Holmes? He said he loves you. He is putting blankets over you while you sleep. He's staying with you when you're in the bathroom because he thinks you are a lunatic.)
But because he is suffering, and he never should have had to undergo any of this suffering in the first place. The fact that he's now perpetuating his own horror, as if taking over for his abuser, makes me feel an intense sense of hopelessness and sadness for him. For what was done to him. Because he is kind, and decent and yes - a little different, a little eccentric - but a wholly good person. Never perfect, as no one is - but extremely good.
Then the hand is stroking my hair again, and I let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding inside.
''Did he request to see me alone? Is that why you decided-?,'' and he trails off, his nervousness not entirely eradicated although it does seem somewhat less intense now.
His voice cracks, and I can sense the desperation swelling over his enforced attitude of irritation.
Mycroft had let me know that Sherlock was concerned about coming back to Baker Street. Something to do with worries that I'd be 'enraged.' Seeing that written down - knowing he was actually afraid of my response to his homecoming - made me wince.
''Hey - hey,'' and I reach out for him. He resists the hug I attempt to give him and I feel my sense of weariness increase. I don't want to have to fight him every step of the way just to deal with his mood issues.
The fridge and freezer, while not cleared of Sherlock's experiments, have been cleared of old food, diet sodas, and nutrition-less substances. Instead, the entire kitchenette has been filled with various soups, canned fruits and veg, cereals, milk and cream, protein shakes, almond and nut butters, and an assortment of treats.
After a few seconds, I realize he hasn't said anything in response, and when I look up, his face is wet with tears.
''Regardless, if you want to speak to Toby, you have to speak to Lestrade first. You defy him again Sherlock, and I don't think he'll be very lenient with you going forward.''
''No criticisms, or else I choose the soup. Here...you might like Bruno. He's the friendliest of the bunch, so give him a chance,'' and Molly deposits the animal near the edge of the sofa. The cat stares at me, inquisitively, then lets out a mewling plea for attention.
''It was a one time thing. I-I,'' and he stops talking, closing his eyes yet again, ''I never intended for it to happen.''
My green t-shirt clings to my frame, damp with sweat. Somehow - despite how cold I feel - it's damp with sweat.
''Dyslexia. Relatively mild. Relatively bad in early childhood. You didn't learn to read with the others.''
''Noooo,'' he draws out, his mouth quirking up at the edges. ''I want you to find someone who will actually help you. I want you to try to get better. I don't want this to go on. That's what I meant. That's all that I ever meant when I said that I can't live like this any longer. You understand that - don't you, Sherlock?''
I type out my last message. I debate including the word 'best' next to friend. I don't want to seem needy, childish - desperate.
I rise, and cross my arms over my stomach. It hurts. It almost burns. But the pressure of my arms is reassuring.
Sherlock suddenly looks furious with me, and a small part of me is almost fearful of his response. Especially considering I've said far more than I had ever intended tonight. More than I think he may be able to cope with, and so all I can do now is dumbly watch him as he closes his eyes, clenches his hands together.
''Other than vomiting post-gastric rupture?,'' I ask with what I hope is a formidable sneer. ''That's not sufficient on its own?''
''You are in crisis, Sherlock. But you have me. I'm not leaving. I'm not going anywhere. You are not a robot.''
I follow him soundlessly into one of the meeting rooms, and he closes the door behind us, while I lower myself into a horridly uncomfortable black plastic chair. It's starting to become something of a theme.
''It's mortifying,'' he gasps against his pillow and I frown. ''It's wrong, and no one else understands and I know that. But sometimes it helps a bit.''
"Even so, he won't make a sound. It's too premature to actually diagnosis him with anything, but the doctors think it's a result of shock. They are hoping they can get him to speak even a few words. To break through the silence."
''Then I realized that I don't actually have to do this. That I just want to, and I felt…oh, I don't even know! It made me even angrier, I guess? I can't really put it into words – but I - I stopped. I decided I had to stop since I couldn't even determine the reasons for why I wanted to start in the first place.''
Damn me, too. Because I've been asking for it, haven't I? I have. I know I have. I haven't exactly been coping very well lately. I know that.
''Let me help you,'' John says resolutely, repeating his earlier words as he puts the cup directly into my hands.
Dr. Rouse looks, for a very brief moment, taken aback. Because he was obviously gearing for a confrontation.
''You really think you'll just be able to say some meaningless assurance to him, and get total clearance again? Are you insane?''
He squeezed my fingers so tightly that I am reminded of the tales I have heard regarding the bone-crushing grip of women in labor.
Sherlock blinks rapidly, as if he's pulling back into awareness after an extended period of time in his mind palace.
Sherlock looks at his knees then, letting out a sigh. He doesn't look happy with the analysis even though I kept it brief on purpose.
Because certainly the very notion is going to cause some stress for my best friend. He's deftly skirted around discussing his sexuality with even greater skill than he has avoided the subject of his declining health.
Almost on impulse, I find myself tugging at my shirt cuffs - trying to lower them over my forearms. It's an old response - one I still haven't managed to wean myself out of, and borne of the necessity to hide track marks. Even though I no longer engage with the needle, I still find that the mannerism occasionally shows up when I'm feeling overwhelmed. Some sort of bizarre tic holdover from my early 20's, but if I am lucky - John won't understand its meaning.
''They will have done a fast intake, to be sure. Your stomach was ulcerated, correct? I don't think the primary concern then was a deeper analysis of your wounds. So your involvement here would be appreciated.''
And again the man bit out, quickly - ''Thank you for your help, Victor.'' His voice was gruff, almost sad.
Usually John and I would pop into these places during cases and it became a sort of ritual for me. I’d generally get the same thing every time: light roast, black, double sugar – but some days the ritual would take on a soothing quality that others might associate with lavender infused baths or Yoga classes.
"Did you hear what I said? Do you understand the harm you may have caused to this case? Does any of this register?!"
My partner lounges back against a silk encased throw pillow and gives me a lazy scan. He’s still wearing his white and baby blue pinstriped pajamas and the type of faux fur reading socks that seem to be all the rage these days. And because Patrick tends to run hot he often wakes up with his hair matted with sweat. When his hair starts to dry, it forms a cascade of tiny curls (I tease him about it but the truth is I find it to be the cutest thing. It makes him look rather deceptively like a cherub).
It's only later, as an adult, that this very memory fills you with something that you, upon contemplation, might deem as ''sadness.''
'Only eiiight?,' the Martian hisses. 'Eight is not little, is it? You're a big, big boy now. Aren't you Sherlock?'
I swallow, then look back to the ridiculously healthy orchid, and try to let myself consider that this is a possibility.
''John...,'' and the DI's eyes looks suddenly so sad, suddenly so aware; I think he's connected every puzzle piece that relates to Sherlock's moods, and behaviours, and atypical ways of being to make a discernible picture. A picture of something I will not reveal and which Sherlock himself would deny.
''Okay, Sherlock. We won't talk about a hospital as a necessity yet. But we need to talk about steps we will have to take to keep that off the table.''
"The door opened, and the blue went away and the room turned orange, and I saw my brother's face. He had yellow pajamas on. Dinosaur pajamas. He was holding a glass of milk. He was asking for me. I remember hearing his voice and wanting him to come inside and pick me up and take me back to his room. I wanted the milk. My throat hurt and I wanted the milk. I wanted Mycroft to keep me safe."
"You typically are able to better reign in your anger. Especially if it is likely to get you booted from a case. But you didn't - or couldn't - on this case, and that leads me to think that there is something very specific about this case that is making it hard for you to emotionally deal with whatever you are dealing with right now."
''Mmm, anhead hurts,'' he mutters offering me back the glass, which I take and deposit on the bed-side table.
''I don't think you need to worry about high sodium,'' John smiles tentatively. It's more an encouraging smile rather than his purely pleased-with-life smile. I can tell the difference.
"Yes, you can! You're having an anxiety attack. A panic attack. I know it feels awful, just awful - but you're going to be okay, Sherlock. I promise. You're not going crazy and you're not dying. Come on, just listen to my voice. It's going to go away soon, and you will feel much-"
In my still hazy-awareness, I am enraptured by his form, and by his gentle presence. He looks softer right now, and safe, and during sleep his face radiates the kindness that I see from him on a day-to-day basis. Except, he looks placid. Serene.
"I don't think there is anything wrong with those children, Sherlock! I certainly don't think there is anything wrong with you for being upset about what happened to them; on the contrary! And if you are asking me if I think there is something wrong here, with this case, let me only say this once. That I certainly don't in hell believe that someone is somehow less of a person, less worthy or less able to receive love - if they've been hurt in that way. Only the abusers are wrong. Not their victims. Never their victims."
I'm not bisexual either. I know I'm not. Because I know how much Sherlock matters to me, and how much I almost didn't want to pull back - if only not to hurt him any more than he's already been hurt.
''That little boy didn't have much of a chance then, no. He has a chance now. He has so much more than a chance. He has me, and he has his brother, and he has friends who love him. But he needs you in his corner the very most, alright? So you just can't give up on him too, because that's what almost everyone he ever knew did to him. They didn't fight for him. They didn't help him. I need you to promise me that you will do your best to help him. That's all I need from you, Sherlock. That's it.''
He suddenly turns away from the both of us, curling up into a small ball, giving a barely repressed cry of pain at the movement.
Currently, my mum is doing better than expected but her sickness has taken a toll on both myself and on my sister, in ways that I do not feel any of us would have imagined at the very beginning of our mum's diagnosis.
Sherlock pulls himself up to a semi-standing position with the kitchenette table, and the images of that night evaporate. No more torches, no more moonlight, no more bloodied little boy.
"You are insane," I get out - sounding more angry than anything else, even though I feel a keening need to cry.
''Do you think you're going to be sick, Sherlock?,'' she says kindly, sensing what I'm trying to hold in, and her hand is now at my back. Gliding over the bones of my spine, and over the protrusions of my shoulder blades. I almost want to flinch away, but I don't.
Yet there is such immobility and rigidity and a seeming inability to give up their disorder. The relentless tendency towards self-abuse, anxiety, and even suicidal ideation seems to be coveted, even as it damages.
''What else?,'' I ask bleakly, not wanting my agitation to show. Not wanting John to know how much his decision is unnerving me. Scaring me.
''But touch therapy. Yuri said...it helps. With dissociation, and sex can release oxytocin, which increases bonding in those already romantically engaged, and I would want to be bond more with you, more than anyone, because I do, I do-''
With Mycroft's financial reserves and his own trust fund (which I have recently come to realize he does have access to in full, now) he could have become much more of a hermit than he is at present. He's downright chummy considering how much he could have isolated himself. Which seems to indicate that he doesn't really want to be isolated from others at all.
I lightly hold his wrists, trying to keep him sitting down. I can tell if I don't, he's likely to be up and pacing within a few minutes, and mentally constructing walls as to why my arguments are invalid. Why I just simply don't 'get him.'
"It's okay. I promise you, no one is going to get mad at you. We want to help get rid of any pains in your body. We need to know where there is pain. And once you tell us, you won't have to tell us about the pain again. Those questions will be done."
''It makes me feel...calmer inside. To know I can control it. Most people can't drop it that much, but I can. Most people can't lose weight even when they are heavier. And I like that I can say no to something that almost everyone struggles with and find hard to control,'' and Sherlock is still speaking in that quiet, shuddery whisper. Just like he did the night of his night terror, when he spoke as if removed from his words, and removed from himself.
Yuri pours himself a glass of lemon water, nods at me to do the same, so I get myself a small paper plate and load it with grapes, cherry tomatoes and a few cubes of Gouda. Take my water glass, and add some seltzer water.
''Call John. Ask him to come here. He'll be relieved - I promise you he will, Sherlock. He'll be so relieved that you called, and we can work through the next step together. And you can try some soup, if you want. But I won't force you. And John won't force you either. Okay?''
I reaffix his duvet, and he shuffles back down under the mound. Then I walk around to his window and open the Venetians and crack the window open to let in fresh air. Moonlight spills through segmented lines and creates a linear pattern of light and dark as cover over our bodies.
''How does that bode well for you?,'' he says a few seconds later, placing his papers on my bed side table.
''His mum put him down for a nap - he's been profoundly exhausted recently - and when he woke up he apparently started to get very scared. Tore his calendar off the wall, and shimmied his way into a crawl space. He won't come out, and when anyone tries to go in after him, he screams bloody murder. Keeps saying, ''Want Sherlock.'' Just your name over and over again. They know that you're under the weather yourself, Sherlock - they just don't know what else to do. I mean-''
"I told you. That was for after," he reiterates, while I smile at him with closed-mouth appreciation. "Well, at least you are eating."
John grumbles something else into the phone (I can't make it out. Not fully), and then starts to pass the phone over to me.
''Again with the lies!,'' John spits, licking his lips quickly. He looks wild. Wild in his exasperation.
But in my early morning barely-awake stirrings. Not quite conscious of the light of day, passing over from my darkest stage REM sleep into something hardly under my control.
I am starting to sympathize with John Watson. Sherlock is likely tiring at his argumentative best, and I betting that he is trying to be open right now.
At this point, I have a vague awareness as to what he's saying 'no' to, and yet don't want to vocalize those suspicions lest I be wrong.
''If you don't kiss me back, I might just mock your ability to kiss instead,'' he supplies, and a chortle breaks through when I lightly shove him in the shoulder.
''I think I have a flu,'' I intone, the words akin to a rote memorization of multiplication tables. No heat and no certitude at all.
''What are you doing?,'' I ask quickly, trying to keep a ridiculous and unnecessary alarm from seeping into my tone.
I watch Sherlock amble off, slightly crouched over. His face looks lined, almost hard. I almost want to ask him if he's okay, but I know he needs a bit of distance right now. He must feel like an overexposed nerve.
Instead I ask, “Could you see what was happening to your body when you were sitting on the curtain rod?”
She smiles back at me warmly, and suddenly I feel even more ignorant about Sherlock; it's pretty obvious that Mrs. Hudson knows far more about Sherlock than I had previously considered.
Neither of us had been getting much sleep lately, and the weight of the last few days is starting to wear me down.
''Mycroft would love your afghan,'' I mutter, giving her a mock sweet smile as she emerges from the hallway, holding onto a brown beast of a cat with enormous ears.
''But I know you've been thinking of it. Me, and you - it. Sex. I know it,'' he whispers. ''And what if it always triggers me?''
About fifteen minutes later, mentally calculating the time it would take to get Sally or Lestrade out to the Thiesen's household, I begin my descent - moving my way through the room with the small child, then down the hallway, and like a spook - soft and noiseless - down the stairs. Toby is shaking ferociously, and I say nothing. Just move down the hallway, onwards to the foyer.
I detest going so long between updates. Not only because I know it is annoying for you guys, but your natural interest dwindles when you cannot write in a timely manner.
''No. You brought it up. Aside from being reliably informed that I will one day drive away even the most patient of my allies and so-called friends, I-''
I look at my mobile screen, and at John Watson's number, and I then type in a message. Within 15 seconds, I have received confirmation of my message and an acceptance of my suggestion.
''Would you like for me to capture a message for Dr. Pascal? He could possibly call you back during his lunch hour.''
''It's you wanting to...or liking,'' he stops, whispers, ''liking that. At all. And I know it's none of my business! You have every right to tell me off for-''
''Typically on weekends. But if you leave your student email near my study desk, I can forward you the specifics of the meet-ups,'' he rushed, sounding semi-distracted by ordering the colours of his button downs.
If I felt compelled to always affix my scarf in a particular manner, or always order the same beverage – his inclusion into my world also allowed me to smell, and see, and even feel the other offerings that had always been there and to test them out by proxy.
I can hear Yuri stand up, walk around. I can hear his footsteps on the wood. Parquet tiles, I'd bet.
He curls the paper up again so we cannot see his movements, and begins to colour once more. After a few seconds he stops, and looks at me. Looks at an additional sheet laying on the bed.
Lestrade sighs, his voice heavy. "I don't know. But aside from that, there are a few things we have to quickly discuss with you, Sherlock. Certain rules you will follow, if you want any further involvement with this case."
Which really must be an improvement on how I seem to most people; it would be grossly unfair of me to complain about someone else being blunt when most consider my blunter moments an improvement on how I normally act.
''We can say you have a flu,'' I try to offer, reasonably. ''But you look sick, and they are not idiots.''
I take a deep breath and make my way quickly back to the direction of Toby's room, stopping at the closest nurse's station.
"Why couldn't you stop, Sherlock? Tell me," and he wants to know, and he wants me to trust him, and I don't know what will make it go away.
When I pull his hand back, I can see that the wood is fractured and there is a mottling of blood running down his knuckles.
''Sherlock,'' John breathes, ''he was extremely sick. And I don't think it's about hatred. He was mentally ill.''
Sherlock, however, remains behind and gives me a nod before the door shuts. I take in his voice as he leans in closer to the broken woman.
And maybe I'm lacking some critical part of humanity. Something I need to be a good person. Something that I need to be the type of person that can really reach this child.
'Eight,' I explain, hoping the Martian will know I'm not big at all. Eight is not big at all. 'Only eight.'
If someone was keeping the very fateful aspect of degenerating health on the table as a means of playing some protracted and bizarre game of Russian roulette - then I could see some strange purpose or 'reason' behind that form of self-harm. But self-harm for the very sake of it - not to end a tortured life, but merely to add more pain to a life that has already suffered too much?
He's been so stripped of joy as a person. So convinced of his utter lack of worth as a person. And who would have thought that, either, upon first meeting him? With his false bravado and smug sense of mock-superiority?
''Can we please not talk about my weight?,'' he asks very, very quietly. ''Can we get our tea and just - be normal? Please?,'' and his voice cracks on the 'please.'
Essentially, shortly after I last posted my mum was diagnosed with a rare and aggressive form of cancer. She opted for surgery, but no chemo or radiation. My twin sister who was dealing with myriad issues (she had been diagnosed with bipolar as a very young adult, and had also developed agoraphobia in addition to CPTSD and generalized anxiety disorder) went downhill as our mum got sicker, absolutely panicked.
Sherlock looks back to me, cheeks puffy from holding in a breath of air. He lets the breath out, and his mouth quirks up in debate of something he hasn't yet vocalized.
And then, concurrently, he will wear layers upon layers of clothing. As if trying to disguise his thinness. The ultimate paradox. I don't even know if he wants me to sense what he's become, or if he wants to hide it from me.
''You wouldn't dare,'' I intone mildly, not really caring one way or the other on such an irrelevant point. Not with Donovan's words repeating through my mind, mocking the triviality of his attempts to appear at ease. To appear ok.
Sherlock snorts from 'John's chair,' as he calls it. He's now slumped down into it, his legs haphazard, his body deformed.
''Most of it? All of it? I don't know! I just have never,'' he starts, stops. ''I feel strange. Saying it aloud. I feel exposed,'' he breathes. ''Saying those words, even to you. I know I can trust you - that's not it. But I hate myself for telling you that, even though you know what it's called. Know the name. Maybe because I hadn't really accepted it, myself. Not really.''
He eventually comprised a list of fourteen 'safe' foods that he would allow himself following his daily running regime. These items included: lemon water; sugar-free mints; broth; jello; fat-free chocolate popsicles; herbal tea; black coffee; miso soup; gum; allergy medication; daily supplements; sorbital sweetened gummy bears; sugar-free jams and jellies and finally tapioca pudding made without milk or sugar.
I cannot have been the only eight year old to have taken a straight razor to my skin, and to have cut open geometric patterns along my legs.
''Sherlock, you just have to trust me when I say this to you: out of everyone I've ever met, you - more than anyone else - are the person I believe feels things the most acutely. You feel things incredibly strongly, Sherlock. Your interest in subjects, your passion for science, your devotion to your music-''
''Yes. He was worried that Toby was going to be sent home before he could determine who had attacked him.''
Sherlock's cheeks are now bright red, his mouth firmly clenched together. He'd rather discuss bed wetting than this subject, apparently.
Everything I had given to me, in lieu of sustenance, was poisoned. And I was expected to grow up on it, and not have it hurt. And that wasn’t sane. It wasn’t!
Mycroft does not speak, merely glances back towards the table. A moment later, I feel his hand against my own. He gives my hand a slight squeeze. It's hard to grasp the enormity of what that means. Mycroft is even less physical in his method of comforting others than Sherlock.
I sit up, push back against the surface of the chesterfield. Attempt to get another half foot of physical distance between the two of us before I continue on.
Mycroft nods, giving me a fleeting glance. It seems that he's finding it hard to maintain eye contact although I don't sense that he's angry at me or disturbed by my presence.
''You're going to have to explain this to Lestrade. He doesn't get it, Sherlock. He thinks you are going off the rails. First with Toby's father, and now-''
I eventually find him in my room. Sleeping on top of my duvet, but under two additional throws. Shoes off, thank goodness. His entire body is curled up against the mattress and his eyes look strained, despite being closed. I go to turn on the light when he rasps out, ''Keep it off, please.''
"Why couldn't you stop?," he asks gingerly, and his breath is warm and close to my cheek. Close to my mouth. It smells sweetly like mint toothpaste. I feel dizzy and overwhelmed - and God what is wrong with me? Why is it all coming back?
''He thinks I have a poor self-care style,'' Sherlock states suddenly, his dark voice cutting through the fog of my own thoughts.
''Umm, it's recent. Last few weeks mostly, but I just find myself wanting to touch him for the most part. I mean, I'm usually quite haptic when I'm involved with someone sexually. I've always been drawn to hugging people, holding them if they were upset. That sort of thing. But this feels different from normal affection for a friend or a person I'm involved with in any other way.''
“Well, that’s an excellent sign,” Dr. Davidson begins, also granting me a smile. “That means you want to change your diagnosis, doesn’t it? And from what I can see here-,” and she flips to another page – one that I can tell is a newer report documenting my blood results from the last two weeks – “You are on the right path.”
''No, come here,'' I repeat, finally maneuvering Sherlock about with my body until he settles into me.
''We are shopping for biscuits for dinner,'' I say imperiously. ''Evidently John has a problem with chocolate. Or marshmallow.''
''Obviously not,'' Sherlock retorts looking slightly amused, ''and Lestrade's mug was the cleanest of the batch.''
''None. of. your. business,'' and my voice is a machine. A grating, gearing machine. Industrial music made manifest in words. ''It's none of your goddamn business, Sally!''
''Yes,'' Sherlock replies evenly and it's unclear what he's saying 'yes' to, really. He's only offering the bare minimum in his speech, now. Short, clipped sentences - a few words at a time. I suspect if he spoke too much, the anxiety would be revealed in tremulous speech and a shakiness when he talked, and that he's trying to disguise his anxiety by reigning in how much he reveals.
John shakes his head. "He was crying out in his sleep last night. Several hours before he awoke. There is no problem with him making actual sounds."
“Nuh uh,” I nudge his shoulder. “Not going to happen. Besides, you know that I need the space now. I’m sorry love but I’m going to have to put an end to your session with your favourite doctor.” As an afterthought I add, “Anyway, don’t you have to be at work in less than an hour?”
There he is, again: toddler Sherlock, holding the red ball. I give a faint smile to the little boy - sightless of his future and of mine, caught forever in the eternity of 1979. Trapped with his own fear.
I try to keep my voice evenly paced when I speak. Calm. Nothing indicating worry. As I scan the room, and catch his form, I can tell just by looking at Sherlock that he's feeling guilty. Which makes me feel, in turn, as if I am not doing my job as his best friend. He shouldn't be feeling guilty because other people are concerned for him.
"I should have known something disturbing was coming, simply by the way he attempted to stultify each part of himself that experienced any sort of physical change. He had become almost mute during the period when his voice was changing its timber from that of a child to a young adult, for example. For months, he barely said a word. He would write his requests down on paper. Reports started to come home from the school, but getting him to see that...it could not continue as it had? No, he wouldn't accept that. He would patently ignore me. And after his voice had broken - well, then, it was almost worse. He seemed so ashamed of the fact that he sounded so different that I was actually at a loss as to how to soothe him. His own voice repulsed him, John, and his own physical growth scared him. He was growing rather quickly at that age, and so he started to eat less - markedly less - in an attempt to stop his development. It was frightening to see my brother - who had always been slender - start to look gaunt. Almost skeletal."
But worse than the broken bone was how it made me feel wrong. About myself. A bad son. Not only was I terrified my teachers would find out (and so conveniently left my sports kit at home multiple days in a row, even though it was eventually discovered - the injury, if not the cause) but I vowed to never be 'bad' like that again. Of course, I was 7 and I had been lashed until the backs of my thighs and the soft skin of my knees bled - but it wasn't child abuse. Not in my mind.
Sherlock's lean, pale finger reaches out and strokes Bruno's chin and I hear the cat purr louder in response.
Only, how much more rigid and silent and frozen would someone be if they were a child, and a person advanced like this?
''Can I go home soon?,'' he asks anxiously, and the doctor looks over at me - as if I'm the cause of my friend's aberrant behaviour.
We take our treats and make our way to a side table that has a variety of coffee add-ons placed in diminutive metal containers. Nutmeg. Cinnamon. Vanilla. Chocolate.
Sherlock shifts slightly, then lazily opens one eye. It reminds me of a lizard on a hot rock, basking in the sun. The silver of his iris captures my interest as I realize how sharp and burning his gaze can be.
Finally I grab a bottle of tilex and some scrubbers and gloves and make my way to the bathroom. Heaven knows when it has last been cleaned; it likely needs a good scrubbing. The moulding is even starting to look a tad blackened. Bachelors or not, we can't let ourselves sink into utter disorder.
But that's what we have here. What's happening here is so complex, so self-directed, this anger, this sickness. It's hard to feel that it matches the tragedy of his childhood, or the turmoil of his depression as an adolescent. In moments like this, when he eats his yogurt, and he argues and he tries to appease me rationally, with a stack of books on forensic science off to his side and a folder of cold case files from Lestrade opened and half marked with pen, I can almost forget that the greater tragedy of his life isn't even his past.
But what if you never liked hugs? What if something happened to you to make hugs seem unnatural or tainted? What if you then had to move away from sensorial routines that were intended to be soothing, to habits that were rooted in protection?
I ignored this issue, however, and I shouldn't have. Sherlock wraps his arms around his torso, but stands up and begins to walk away.
''If something scares you, that's a warning to yourself to slow down. If something makes you uncomfortable, you can pull back. I never want you to think that I would push you into anything. We can talk about this more, if you want. Even later today, if it helps, and if you are confused, I get it. But this,'' and I place my hands gently against Sherlock's torso, then against his stomach - lightly, barely a touch at all - and finally let my hands rest against his knees, ''all of this - is yours, Sherlock. It's not mine. This is your body, this is not my property. This will not become my property just because I say that I love you. It doesn't become anyone else's property either, even if they have had sex with you in the past or if they are to have sex with you in the future. It belongs to you, and you are the one who creates the boundaries between what people can touch, and what they can't touch.''
I turn and still my motions, settle my features into something more impassive; something that does not look guilty.
''Not change, as such,'' Yuri clarifies, ''I just need to know if you agree with what's been written. If you disagree on a point, let me know and I'll add the relevant extras to your file.''
''In the meantime, I'm going to make dinner soon. But we have to go to the shops, first. We are almost out of food, save for condiments. It would be helpful if you'd come along. I want your input on things you'll actually eat.''
And he announced his presence in that composed, calculating voice. But this time that voice was pained.
I bit back a spurt of laughter. Not that the sentiment was unusual for him. I simply was relieved he was eating at all and so his typical grousing had me laughing in a sort of exhausted relief.
''Maudsley Clinic, please,'' I request gruffly as the cabbie opens the door for me, before giving me a faint smile, tentative. Compassionate.
The little boy squints, looks up at the man, takes the man's lead and continues to amble down the rocks.
''Victor!,'' Sherlock started, an edge of hysteria had crept back into his words. ''I don't know how to do this! I can't just have some form of 'benefits' arrangement with you. I can't think of you like that.''
