Perhaps he smiles a little. At least that’s what he tries to do, whether or not he’s successful in this endeavour is beyond his current level of assessment.
Thank you all so much for reading and for keeping up with this story! If you wish, please feel free to give kudos or leave a review. It greatly motivates and inspires me and totally makes my day!
They drink their beers in silence as they both stare out the window, towards the darkened entrance to
Then comes the storm. It seems to John that the sky is a bright pale blue one moment, then, the next he looks, it is bathed in deep grey clouds, no end in sight. Thunder ripples through the air and John's heart starts to race. Rain starts to fall, light at first, then an insistent hammering against the windows. It's only 1 p.m. but it looks like evening. The street empties of people as they run to their cars or hail cabs.
John hadn't noticed he was shivering until Sherlock pointed it out. Now he is particularly aware of his damp clothes clinging to his skin, his chattering teeth.
"A bit tired but otherwise fine," Irene says, "They kept me in the hospital for two days and I missed my Saturday shift."
"Double espresso, no flavour shot," Sherlock says and turns around to make it before the young man even confirms.
"Both," she says, one of the corners of her mouth lifting slightly, then falling so rapidly it could have been just a twitch.
The youngest person looks up. their hand around a glass with only the dregs of their beer left in it. "Really?" They say, "Sweet, okay."
It takes a moment. Then Mary’s arms are around him, steadying and comforting, and she runs a hand over his hair, letting him hide his face against her neck like a child. “Let me help you,” she says, her mouth so close to his ear that he registers her voice mostly as a breath caressing his earlobe. Her voice sounds like a safety net and her words offer a lifeline for him to cling to. “Let me help you," she repeats. "We’ll fix this. I think we’re strong enough. I love you too, I want this to work and I believe it can. I believe you called me today because you wanted to give us a chance and I appreciate that. If you want to stay a couple of days longer, I suppose you can, but I don’t think it’s a good idea. Sherlock doesn’t truly need your help anymore and we both know it. I think you should come home. Then we can talk it through and put it behind us. It’s what you need. It’s what
. He spends hours and hours in his chair or on the couch, wrapped in a big blanket with a warm cup of tea at John’s insistence, glancing out of the windows with a look in his eyes as though he’s a thousand miles away. Silence is nothing new to him (John has witnessed his fair share of Sherlock’s prolonged sulking silences throughout the years), but never like this before.
Sherlock’s expression instantly softens. He slumps slightly in his upper body, dispelling the tension that was keeping him upright. Then he steps forward, slowly, as though he’s afraid of John’s reaction. When he’s close enough to touch, he envelops John in his arms with so much care and precision that he must feel as though John might be close to collapse, quite probably in a puddle of his own tears. And although John doesn’t feel close to tears in this moment, the sheer tenderness of Sherlock’s embrace makes John feel so incredibly cared for that he almost does cry. Sherlock holds him as though he was holding the most precious, fragile gem imaginable.
It’s a shame, really. Looking around, even Sherlock can admit to the flat needing a thorough clean up in the near future and he had almost considered doing so today to avoid John’s inevitable outrage. John has a way with words in these situations, but his way with bodily postures and expressions of exacerbation are in a league of their own, and Sherlock likes to think that he’s willing to go to great lengths to avoid witnessing them. Within certain limits, of course. But now cleaning up is definitely out of the question. What’s the point in cleaning up an empty flat?
“Do you understand that I am the one person who understands you, Sherlock? The one person who knows you? The one person who knows what you have been fighting against? The one person who knows what you have lost to?”
“Exactly,” he repeats. “And you know, sometimes, no matter what you do… there’s only so much you can change, you know. Only so much you can control. It…” It’s John’s turn to swallow. His eyes are dark with sincerity, perhaps more so than Sherlock has ever seen him before. It almost frightens him in a way. John is not one to blab about his personal life. Discussing his emotional life is most certainly a first with Sherlock, even after all these years and experiences they’ve shared. Sherlock wouldn’t actually be surprised if it’s a first for John full stop, although he has certainly imagined what John might share with Mary on more than one occasion and felt not a little lonely, bitter and left out.
Most of Sherlock’s shirts have buttons and Sherlock has expressed his dislike for cufflinks on more than one occasion. But John has a nagging suspicion that Sherlock’s dislike stems more from a desire to distance himself from the elaborate, over-serious and frankly ridiculously posh cufflinks preferred by Mycroft and his minions than from any dislike of the actual accessory itself. If John can just find the
of all people, deprived of any control over his own transport… there’s something deeply wrong about that, something unnatural, grotesque even. The man who sees through everything and everyone in seconds, the man who proclaims himself to be a brain (the rest of him being mere transport for said brain), the man whom John has often thought to be half cat from the way he manages to move with such complete grace and dignity, his movements always flowing and vibrant yet completely controlled down to the last muscle… for that man to have no say in when his eyes are open or closed, for him to simply go out like an extinguished candle with no prelude and no warning… if John never has to see that again in his life, it will be too soon.
And Christ if Sherlock isn’t fighting with all he has to find his way back to that room in his Mind Palace. His John Watson room. He needs it. Not since Serbia has he needed that room as badly as he does not. But it’s just like falling asleep. The more you think about it, the harder you try, the more impossible it becomes. Entering his mind palace has been second nature to Sherlock since before he entered primary school. Things that instinctive can’t be explained. Easy enough when you know how it’s done, yet completely impossible to explain to someone who doesn’t. Now that Sherlock doesn’t, it’s just not possible for his mind to consciously think his way through to it. He’s stuck here, locked up all alone and cut off from every source of distraction or comfort.
John realises that he has forgotten to breathe. What a fucking idiot he’s been. All this time he’s spent focusing solely on his own grief and the sense of betrayal he felt when Sherlock came crashing back into his life like a bull into a china shop, large as bloody life and apparently unaffected by the whole ordeal as well as slightly amused at John’s emotional response. It’s with no small sense of guilt John realises that he’s never given much thought to
John throws a glance in the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom. There seems to be no escaping this part of their daily conversations. There’s no reproach in her tone, it’s a genuine inquiry, but it just… Every single phone call, at some point, the same question. And he only ever has one reply for her.
Granted, Sherlock was the one who encouraged John to leave in the first place and, as such, perhaps he has no right to expect John to come running back as soon as possible. But it wasn’t as if Sherlock didn’t want him to stay. Telling John to go home was its own specific brand of self-inflicted torture, knowing those damn voices would come back to haunt him the second John closed the door behind him.
Sherlock is partly standing, partly sitting on the edge of the sink, his bare front to the door and his head turned over his shoulder to inspect… John follows his gaze to the bathroom mirror behind him and has to take a step back as the full expanse of Sherlock’s back is laid bare before him.
They end up in Brixton on a case that’s clearly not one for the website, but does provide Sherlock with a couple of excellent opportunities to show off that John is
“I couldn’t do it, John. I thought… I thought I had a choice, but I couldn’t do it!” His voice starts low and insecure, but quickly crescendos into a virtual cry of anguish. The sound rips John in the chest. He’s seen Sherlock annoyed, disrespectful, angry, frustrated, even upset… but never like this. He looks
But John is in enough pain as it is. There’s no need for Sherlock’s unproven suspicions to make everything worse. And Sherlock, unlike Mary, wants this to be John’s decision. That might entail letting John hear everything so he can make his decision having all the available evidence at hand. But in the end, it’s not Sherlock’s place to decide what is and isn’t acceptable to John. Nor would it be fair for Sherlock to make his suspicions appear like concrete fact in order to make John choose him.
It’s not so much that Sherlock has relapsed. John is disappointed, naturally, but he’s witnessed some of these episodes before, albeit none as severe as this one looks to be. He’s seen Sherlock in mostly every state of sobriety or lack thereof. And he could never blame Sherlock for occasionally showing a touch of weakness behind that poised exterior. This is a part of who Sherlock is, even if it is John’s least favourite part by far.
John looks from Mary to the coffee. He tries to warm his hands on the cup, but it’s just one of those disposable plastic ones you draw in automates. It’s way too hot for him to hold.
Perhaps John really fell in love in that restaurant. He didn’t think of it that way at the time, didn’t stop to consider anything and actively avoided examining whatever he may or may not have felt. But even if he did, the person he fell in love with that night doesn’t exist anymore. He died on the pavement outside Bart’s. The Sherlock who came back after those two years was not the one who left. And that Sherlock died too, died of an overdose and never woke up from his coma. Sherlock has killed himself. Not once, but twice. Yet he still stands in front of John now. He’s not the same person as he used to be. Yet his eyes shine just as John remembers. His lips draw into a hesitant smile that looks completely out of place on Sherlock’s face and yet is the most deeply
“I can’t, Mary,” he says, and it’s the truth. “I’m sorry. I love you. I want to be with you. But I need to do this in my own way. I know that what you’re asking isn’t much. And trust me when I say that I know I owe it to you to do things your way. But I can’t. Not this time.”
It’s early when John wakes. The light outside is dim and dull, provided by streetlamps and traffic rather than by the sun. John isn’t sure what wakes him. His arm is asleep and his neck is protesting a little at the uncomfortable position his body has been forced to assume, but he can’t bring himself to mind. Not when Sherlock is still here with him, curled up against John’s side with his head resting on John’s arm and shoulder.
He doesn’t sound like himself at all today, so stuttering and disconnected in his narrative, so apologetic and
Sherlock looks at him and it’s the most pained, pleading expression John has ever seen on the face of another person before in his life. Sherlock is in pain. Agonizing over his loneliness because it amounts to feelings and weakness in Sherlock’s mind. Agonizing over his desire for human contact, the most natural thing in the world in John’s mind, but an unforgivable transgression in Sherlock’s. Perhaps John understands, perhaps he doesn’t. And Sherlock is pleading. Pleading with John to… to do what exactly? To comfort him? To be with him? To satisfy his desire for human contact or to take it away from him altogether?
Even the best-laid plans can go awry. Despite thorough preparations through a period of at least half a year, Sherlock finds himself fundamentally unprepared when the big day finally arrives and he has to watch John make Mary Morstan into Mary Watson from the very best position in the front row of the church. It’s vaguely reminiscent of an unforgiving punch to the stomach, knocking the air out of your lungs on repeat for more than an hour.
Once again, John needs to remind himself that it’s only to be expected. Still… Sherlock’s sudden blackout almost scares him more now than it did the first time around. The first time, he was almost too dazed with relief to pay attention to anything else. Now that he’s more composed, Sherlock’s immediate shift from awareness to complete unconsciousness is frankly terrifying to witness. John used to be an army doctor. It’s second nature for him to interpret a quick transition like that as a clear danger signal.
It’s like being seventeen again, except Sherlock didn’t have any friends when he was actually seventeen. It’s like the carefree, happy seventeen one sees in movies but can never quite replicate in real life.
John’s eyes have begun to sting. It’s with some surprise that he recognises the feeling as a precursor of tears. John hasn’t cried in years. Strangely appropriately, he doesn’t remember having cried since he stood alone by Sherlock’s grave after the funeral. Those tears had been an admission of care, even of love, in the face of utter defeat. That those tears had all been for nothing had been one of the hardest pills for John to swallow.
Sherlock’s denial sounds muddled to his own ears in comparison to the screaming confusion in his head.
Additionally, I hope you enjoy this chapter of Icebergs as this fanfiction moves into its final stage. Thank you so much for reading!
Instead he focuses on all the other, safer, much more practical questions. How long had Sherlock been lying there when John found him? What has he taken, how much and how often? How did he get hold of it? Has he got anything more in his possession? Is there anything else John should know about now they’re at it? Those are the questions John chooses to ask. And Sherlock answers willingly, albeit with a slight reluctance. Still affected by the cocaine then.
No specific chapter warnings this time around, but as always, please heed the tags. Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated, they really help motivate me and I love to hear your thoughts and feelings! Thank you so much for reading and for sticking with the story. Lots of love.
That’s the moment John silently vows to never again withhold any praise of Sherlock for fear that it should come across as a bit too much.
“Not at the moment. I received a couple of inquiries last week, but I ended up deleting them seeing as I didn’t know when I would have the time to look into it properly. You know how a problem can absorb me, I have to finish what I start. And I couldn’t do that right now with you and Mary and the wedding.” Sherlock says this as though it’s the most natural thing in the world. But it’s not. It’s very far from natural, especially Sherlock’s natural, and John isn’t sure how to interpret this new information, whether he should feel flattered by Sherlock’s obvious dedication or worried by just how much this whole wedding arrangement seems to govern Sherlock at the moment. Whether Mary is right or not, this wedding is clearly an important event for Sherlock and too much so if it’s stopping him from going on cases. That has got to stop, John can’t stand for that. Being best man doesn’t equal putting your whole life on standby until the wedding just so you can be available for wedding planning twenty-four seven. For Christ’s sake. How utterly typical of Sherlock to overdo it. And yet how utterly beside himself Sherlock must be if he’s putting off cases to prepare for a social,
It’s with that thought in mind that John takes a deep breath, painfully audible in the otherwise quiet bedroom, and brings up the thoughts he usually does not allow himself to have.
That was a long time ago. These days, John acts more as an accelerant than an inhibiter. It’s not John’s fault and he would be absolutely horrified if he knew, but it’s the truth. John still manages to force emotions out of Sherlock without even trying. But the reactions he provokes no longer have the beneficial effect they used to have. On the contrary. It’s when John looks at him that Sherlock’s arms begin itching so fiercely it feels as though he must either cool them down with a fix or scratch at his veins until they’re torn to shreds. His safe haven has become an absolute minefield, for his mind as well as for his body. And John, his John, who used to take such pride in getting him to eat at least once a day or nagging him about his excessive cigarette consumption until he switched back to nicotine patches (and then kept on nagging him about his excessive nicotine patch consumption until he went down to using just one at a time) goes on as though nothing’s happened. As though he hasn’t noticed anything amiss. And now he’s left Sherlock for good. Or at least it feels that way as the days pass without a word between them.
found him likeable. Sherlock is John’s area. She’s never even met the man before. How does she think that her knee-jerk reaction to his character is the most important aspect of how John feels about him?
It’s Mary’s turn to sigh, but hers isn’t just tired as his had been. It’s exasperated, as though John is being unbearably dim.
Hello! It's been a while, but here I am, back with a new chapter! I'm so sorry the wait has been this long, but exams and summer holidays and birthdays and general lethargy can take its toll. But to make up for it (and also to at least partly account for why this chapter is so long overdue), chapter 24 is extraordinarily long - more than twice my usual chapter length. It just didn't feel right to cut this entire scene into two chapters, so here is a belated but superlong chapter 24! I hope you enjoy and, as always, comments and kudos are much appreciated! I love to hear from you guys, even though I'm usually shite at replying!!
it right. I left and had you think I’d died. And worst of all, I thought it wouldn’t really matter. I thought I could come back after two years and nothing would have changed. I thought… to tell you the truth, I thought you would be where I left you. I thought I could just move back in to 221B. I thought you’d still be there, and that everything could be as it was. I didn’t think it had mattered much to you, those two years. I hadn’t understood that you would hurt. Really hurt. I knew you would have to see me jump, I knew you would be shocked and pained and perhaps even feel betrayed, but I hadn’t understood that you would be hurt. That you would still hurt a month later. That you might still be affected by it two years down the line… the possibility never even crossed my mind. And I hadn’t thought about what you might do in my absence. The people you would meet, the places you would go. I thought I understood, but I didn’t. I was mistaken. And all of it because… It wasn’t because I didn’t care enough to think about what consequences it might have for you. But I didn’t think
John is a doctor, and an army doctor at that. He’s used to dealing with medical situations in high pressure environments. The second he reaches Sherlock’s side and lifts him from the floor, John instinctively checks for restrictions to his airways (of which there appear to be none), makes sure that he is breathing (which he is, thank God, though it’s shallow and hectic) and takes his pulse (absolutely hammering). He does it so quickly and so methodically that he barely has time to register it, relying as he is on an immediate, subconscious activation of his medical training. But once he has checked Sherlock’s vital statistics and had Mrs. Hudson call the emergency services, there’s heartbreakingly little that John can do. His expertise lies in the battlefield. He’s used to administer combat casualty care for Christ’s sake, not treat what appears to be a life-threatening drug overdose on a living room floor!
It’s as if Sherlock already knows. The way he’s sitting there by the fire, staring into the flames. He has such an unreadable expression. As though he’s looking at things far beyond the scope of what everyone else can see.
It’s tempting. So tempting. So final. Over and done with. Isn’t that the greatest reward Sherlock can hope for at this point? A release from the pain, the heartbreak, the loss, the death… It’s all good.
He should really get up. He is responsible for making this whole thing a success, he can’t just lay here when John is counting on him getting things done and making preparations. That John would trust him enough to make Sherlock the best man at his wedding… something like that comes with obligations. John has described this as the biggest and most important day of his life. And letting John down on the biggest and most important day of his life is something that Sherlock simply won’t allow himself to do.
It’s so quiet. Months and months of constant noise, months of months of begging for silence and now… now he finally has it. Months and months of noise and voices and whispers, filling up his brain, driving him to distraction, driving him to self-destruction. All replaced with a ringing silence in the span of a second. And he wants rid of it.
His fingers drag across the definitely not recently vacuumed living room rug. A slight tinkling as the fabric passes underneath his finger pads. An annoying interruption in the form of what’s most likely crumbs from a piece of toast he had for breakfast a couple of days ago. His eyes drag across the definitely not recently occupied second armchair.
“That’s not true.” John’s eyes seem to flare up in indignation. “That’s not true! I cared for you, you knew I cared. We were close. How could you think otherwise?”
Sherlock’s brain is working on overdrive, characteristically unwilling to simply shut down and let his body enjoy the sensations. And that’s the way it should be. His body is transport for his brain and his brain experiences through cataloguing and analysis and dissection: every caress, every slide of lips against his, every shiver running down his spine is meticulously collected and stored away for later assessment. This is what he’s been missing for months and months, trapped as he’s been by too many emotions and a slowing mind, and now it’s back and it’s here to stay and it’s
While John tries to at least pretend to keep up with Sherlock’s monologue, it suddenly occurs to him that it’s been a long time since Sherlock has done this, speed-talking while trying to explain something he finds of interest. It’s been quite a while since they’ve had an afternoon like this with no Mary to navigate around, no clients to listen to and no wedding planning to get done, just an afternoon for the two of them alone to do with as they please. And for just a short moment, the sheer amount of
Thank you so, so much for reading and following, for leaving kudos and for writing comments! I treasure each and every one.
Perhaps the John who had said that had been John at his very best, high on adrenaline from having a perfectly normal night out turned into a restaurant stakeout, high on endorphins from glimpsing a chance to regain some meaning in his life, high on oxytocin from meeting an attractive, interesting man who seemed interested in turn, who had brought excitement and adventure back into John’s life in the course of just 24 hours, who kept looking at him with those mysterious, deep eyes of his.
Sherlock smiles self-depreciatingly, feeling awkward, uncomfortable and horrible about his own timing. “Wasn’t right about you. Wasn’t right about many things that were about you.”
So... I started on a one year MSc, moved to a new country, then moved back two months later due to corona lockdown. My mood hasn't been the best and my education leaves me with very little spare time for fics. But I finally managed to find the time and energy to finish this, the 26th and last chapter of Icebergs and I hope you'll enjoy it, long overdue as it is.
Sherlock has never been a particularly astute user of body language, at least not outside of cases – his ability to gauge hidden motivations and secret feelings seems to decrease in near-perfect tandem with the level of criminal intent involved – but now he’s counting on body language alone to communicate to John all that he feels.
John presses his lips together and clears his throat. He can’t really decide whether to be more amused at Sherlock’s obvious shyness or more embarrassed by the admission of… well, first that he’s been contemplating kissing another guy for three whole years, second that he’s been contemplating kissing another guy for three whole years while vehemently opposing any insinuations about insufficient heterosexuality and third that he’s been contemplating kissing another guy for three whole years while cycling through a long list of soon-to-be ex-girlfriends instead of just fucking getting around to doing what he actually wanted to do all along.
“Well, what good would it have done?” Sherlock’s eyes flare up like lightning. John almost believes he would take a step back under the weight of Sherlock's suddenly appearing anger if it was possible. But it’s not. They’re squeezed uncomfortably close together in the doorway between bathroom and corridor.
Irene stares at him for a moment, her eyes locking on to his. "Alright then," she says, her red-painted lips turning up at the corners.
"Well, as for the sex shop, I can see the outline of a name tag through your sweater. It's hot outside, so you're wearing the sweater to hide the logo on your shirt that betrays where you work. You aren't sweating much so I know you couldn't have worn the sweater far. There's only one potentially embarrassing place to work within a one block radius that has red in its logo -- which I can see partially poking through the top of your sweater -- the
"Alright," Molly says, "Put the coins back in the till. I'll roll them tomorrow. I'll take the cash to the safe. You two can go, I can close up by myself."
"Molly, there are people who don't know that their boyfriends are murderers," Sherlock retorts, snapping the dial back onto the espresso machine.
He walks towards the fire, his cane tapping against the hardwood floor then thumping against the carpet. He feels the warmth envelop him and the cold start to seep out of his bones.
"I would shake your hand, but I perceive you are averse to touch, from the way you flinched when Molly shook your hand," Sherlock explains. He tilts his head slightly to the left, looking down at John's cane. "No, not touch," he amends, "Sudden movements."
"Of course," John says as Sherlock turns. Molly was standing right behind him. She is glaring at him. If she wasn't holding John's apron and name tag Sherlock is sure her arms would have been crossed.
She blushes slightly. After paying, she drops a quarter in the tip jar and sits at a table close to the counter.
"You should be getting a call from the police some time soon," Sherlock says as she looks back up a minute later. "I am sorry about what happened and I hope you don't hold any ill will against me."
As Sherlock sits in the chair opposite, John notices the sound of rain splattering against the window behind him over the sound of the fire.
John wants to sit. His leg is aching, pain radiating outward from where he got shot only three months ago. After a moment of hesitation he agrees and shuffles stiffly to the back room. On a box next to one of the chairs around a small table there he sees a book, and, on top of the book, a piece of paper. He sits in the chair and after a minute his curiosity overcomes him. He picks up the black book and lifts the piece of paper off of it. The paper is a note written on the back of an invoice sheet. The note is addressed to him.
"This was was the most adventurous night I've had in ages," John says, smiling, "But I'm afraid I must be going."
he got fired from two weeks ago for moving too slowly. Here the manager doesn't yell at him for moving slower than the other employees... employee singular as the case may be.
He gets through all the paper money and has started on the coins when Molly bursts through the door, soaking wet despite the umbrella in her hand.
The bartender hands him the two beers and Sherlock pays for his drinks and the round he'd agreed to buy. He walks back over to John. He sits on the opposite side of the rectangular table from John, both of them perpendicular to the window. From here they have a perfect view of the front of
Sherlock sticks the mop back in the bucket then wheels it towards Moriarty, closer than necessary. He stops right next to him, their shoulders almost touching.
"Oh my gosh! Thank you, Jim," she says, placing her free hand on his chest, "Mrs. Hudson was not pleased when I had to wake her up this morning to let me in. Where did you find them?"
"Read this," he responds, placing the newspaper on the counter and tapping the front page with his index finger.
A little over three minutes later the ambulance arrives to take Irene to the hospital. After it pulls away Molly bursts in through the door.
The neon sign of the bar across the street gives the water a pink glow. John and Sherlock jaywalk across the street towards it. Sherlock pauses by its dark doorway, under the sign that says
"Oh would you come off it!" Molly says, glaring at Sherlock, "Just because Jim manages the Starbucks across the street doesn't mean he's some villain who wants us shut down."
with it in his hands. The door beeps as he enters and he strides to the counter which Irene Adler is sitting behind, reading a paperback novel. She places it face-down and looks up at him. Her face screws up in an expression of mixed anger and confusion; teeth clenched and lips parted, eyebrows raised but eyes narrowed.
He crouches just out of view from the windows as he approaches the shop. He slips the pipe through the handle of the door and against the door-frame, so that the door cannot be pulled open from the inside.
"You think I'm handsome?" he asks, leaning forward ever so slightly, placing his hand softly on Sherlock's knee.
Indeed it is a mess. The street is covered in a layer of swimming water. Few cars drive past, and the ones that do go at a crawl.
"I know it was you," Sherlock says without looking at him, then he wheels the bucket off towards the restroom.
A moment later Molly comes out of the bathroom, her cardigan a bit drier and her wet hair pulled back into a pony tail.
"I didn't scare him off," Sherlock stage-whispers as he approaches her. Her face relaxes as he passes and she lets out a soft sigh.
John reaches out his hand -- his left hand, as his right is occupied with holding his cane. "John Watson," he says as Sherlock shakes his hand. John's grip is firm, his nails trimmed, palms moist.
"How do you like the book so far?" Sherlock asks as he hears John's distinctive gait approach from behind.
doesn't have air-conditioning. Tell me, your medical alert bracelet, is it for an allergy?" She nods, her mouth hanging slightly open, "Of course.To milk, not to nuts. You had a peanut butter and jam sandwich for lunch, I can smell it faintly on your beath. After the jam you probably won't want anything with fruits, so a vanilla bean frap made with soy milk it is, then."
His pulse is hammering. Even in his mind palace, he vaguely senses that his body back on the couch at Baker Street is nigh on vibrating from the cocaine. To hell with it.
It’s only at that reminder that the events of that fateful evening replay themselves in John’s mind and the full implications begin to dawn on him.
The next couple of days pass in much the same way, Moriarty showing up whenever he damn well pleases, which to Sherlock’s great but very personal relief turns out to be quite often, either pulling Sherlock out the door and hauling him around inner London until they’re both giggly and breathless with mischief or simply pulling John’s chair over to whatever corner of the living room Sherlock is occupying and settling down beside him for hours on end, barely speaking but providing badly needed company all the same. They don’t talk of anything in particular, competing to carry out the most outrageous yet still somehow plausible deductions of strangers when out and about and simply throwing small quips back and forth when at Baker Street. They don’t talk of the past, they don’t talk of John or Mrs. Hudson, they don’t even talk of that final problem Moriarty had initially mentioned.
It’s not for John, though. That’s something Sherlock keeps repeating to himself every time he wants to feel the prick and refuses himself. It’s not for John. He didn’t promise John to stay off drugs indefinitely. They entered into a deal, specifying that Sherlock should not do drugs until the following morning and John should turn up then to help him manage the urge. Sherlock might feel bad that he didn’t uphold his part of the deal and ended up indulging himself regardless in the early hours of the morning. He might feel bad, if not for the fact that John didn’t uphold his side of the deal either. He didn’t show up when he’d promised he would. In fact, he hasn’t showed up since. In Sherlock’s eyes, that leaves their deal null and void and him free to take whatever he pleases.
Sherlock cuts him off immediately, his face already turning from hurt and pouting to impassive. The warmth that was there a moment ago is gone too. Damn it. If only he wasn’t so good at this. Then John might be able to catch a break every once in a while and settle on just one interpretation, one understanding of who Sherlock is and how he actually feels. Whether or not he actually feels. That this is still a question in John’s mind from time to time… he hates himself sometimes.
Mary leans forward, placing one of her small hands on John’s arm. Giving it a reassuring shake. “I understand,” she says. “I understand why you had to be there for him. I understand why you had to stay at the hospital, and I understand why you had to accompany him back here.” She laughs softly, voice subdued to let Sherlock sleep. “He doesn’t think like other people and the concerns of doctors aren’t very high on his list of priorities. I get that. You have to be his friend and watch out for him on his behalf. Make sure he doesn’t get himself hurt or, in this case, make sure he gives himself amble time to recover. He wouldn’t do that on his own, I know that. That’s why he needed you." She pauses. "But it’s done now." Her tone changes from light and understanding to final in the blink of an eye. “You’ve done what you needed to do. I’ve had a look at him now and I think you’d agree that he’s on the mend. He’s not your responsibility anymore. You don’t need to watch over him anymore.”
“I’m not sure. It’s just… you know how everyone has that one thing they always argue about? That pops up again and again in various disguises and you’re just never able to put the bloody thing to rest? Well… I suppose you might not know, but then just think of us, yeah? How we always argue about the same things. Your exasperating violin crescendos at 3 AM, the eyeballs in the microwave, your general disregard for even the most basic safety precautions…” John chuckles again, almost fondly, and Sherlock finds himself responding in kind.
It had been different with him right from the beginning. Sure, Sherlock had met attractive men before, some of whom he’d seriously considered getting more familiar with. But that had just been brief, easy-to-ignore infatuations, usually fading rapidly by the time the man in question opened his mouth to speak. John was different. It had not been the too-familiar sharp and sweet pang of desire, burning itself out in a matter of moments and leaving only a slightly acidic bitterness and self-reproach in its wake. Instead there had been a slow but steady build-up of tension, an accumulation of interest teetering on the edge between the friendly and the decidedly not. It had lasted for about two days, evidently due to the distraction provided by the case of the taxi driver and the poisoned pills. At its conclusion, John had saved his life. And Sherlock’s initial interest had sparked into a full-blown obsession that had not been the slightest prone to cooling, not the following morning nor the morning after nor three years later. John had given him all sorts of thoughts and desires that he’d never experienced before. And if John hadn’t been
John chuckles as well. “Sounds like the two of you. For my part, I’ve done a vigorous round of Christmas shopping and I’m proud to announce that we’re now all set to go for this whole holiday hullabaloo.” John throws Sherlock a sly smirk. “Unless, of course, someone decides to target our Christmas confectionery ahead of time like last year.”
Contrary to what John Watson may believe, Sherlock is no novice when it comes to these particular activities. But in the past, kisses and caresses were usually not the end goal. It was something to be endured for the sake of playing a part, of gaining information, of sweet-talking a witness, even of securing confidence. It was a way of appeasing his curiosity in the most clinical sense imaginable. An experiment to be tested, an experience to be dissected and analysed alongside any other. Getting drunk, kissing on girls, kissing on boys, even touching a little and being touched in return – Sherlock has done everything any other teenager would do, but it was always something he felt he needed to try out just for informational value. Something he tried out alongside a variety of drugs and cigarettes and experiments involving eyeballs in microwaves.
Sherlock is not used to kissing, that much is obvious from the slightly hesitant, fumbling ineptitude with which he’s responding. But even though John has always been put off by it with other people, somehow it feels just right now. It’s a reminder that Sherlock is married to his work, that Sherlock
Look at what the cat dragged in! An update, less than a month after the last one. From here on out, we're entering the angst-filled, less straightforward portion of this story. I really hope you like it!
It doesn’t even matter that John doesn’t want him. That he didn’t care and in the end just wanted a happy, boring, ordinary life with his happy, boring, ordinary wife. It doesn’t matter that it was John who made Sherlock desperate enough to start all of this to begin with.
Somewhere during the course of the night, it becomes apparent that Sherlock isn’t likely to have another sudden lapse in consciousness. He falls asleep a little past eleven, but it’s far from the abrupt, uncontrolled blackouts John has witnessed so far. John could swear that a weight is lifted from his shoulders at that realisation. Sherlock’s blackouts have been terrifying to witness. It’s almost been worse than the unconsciousness itself. Even the sheer possibility that John might not have to sit through another episode of that feels almost too good to be true.
“Either I’ve caught you in a compromising position or you’ve been working out again. I favour the latter.”
“So go on,” Sherlock continues, the slightest hint of emotion in his voice overpowered by a monotone delivery. “Play the game. Hydrogen. Lithium. Beryllium. Chlorine. Potassium. Nickel. The song is the answer.”
Not to mention everything that lead them to this point. All his concern and anger at Sherlock for disappearing after the wedding only to turn up high as a kite a month later in a rundown warehouse at the arse end of the universe. The messed up nature of the wedding, from the seating preparations to the day itself, and the accompanying confusion of feeling both so incredibly happy to finally be getting everything he’d ever wanted and so irrepressibly frustrated that
“I’ve tried. I keep… I keep telling myself that it has to stop, all of it. But I can’t make it. I keep going over it. I keep thinking about it. I keep feeling about it. I’m not like you.”
None of those things that have kept him back for years give him pause now, but Sherlock’s startled gasp spurs him on. He has such sinfully soft lips. And when those lips begin to respond after a brief moment of hesitation, something inside of John seems to coalesce. Five years of unreleased longing, of forbidden fantasies and racing heartbeats, all seem to melt together in this moment. The last of his worries, fears and concerns go down the drain, allowing his brain to focus all of its energy on simply experiencing this and committing everything about it to memory. The softness of Sherlock’s lips, the warmth of his breath, the smell of his skin, the feel of his hair brushing against John’s forehead.
There’s a slight twist on one side of Moriarty’s mouth as it’s lifted into a mixture of a smirk and a smile. “I told you, Sherlock. I want to solve the problem. Our problem. The final problem.”
He sounds panicked. Is he in a panic? Why would he be in a panic? Is he worried about John? That must be it, John can’t think of any other imminent crisis. But he’s seen Sherlock pull poisoned children out of abandoned warehouses and remain calm. That Sherlock sounds panicked now testifies to the fact that he cares and John can feel just a slight bit of that all-encompassing hurt in his chest evaporate as those two puzzle pieces click.
Of course Sherlock was aware that such a process was bound to be a painful one, but only distantly. He has tried to imagine what it might feel like to him if he were to attempt it and come up with an almost physical sense of claustrophobia, of his bones bending and creaking and giving way, his joints snapping out of place. But his understanding of that pain has always been left somewhat drained by the certainty that John chose to go through with it of his own accord. And, if Sherlock is honest, perhaps it has also been drained by the self-righteous certainty that, no matter how great John’s pain at having to mould himself to fit the expectations of others, it must ultimately be less than the pain Sherlock has had to bear all these years due to his refusal-inability to do the same. To adapt, to bend, to break, to give way. The price of staying himself has been loneliness, sometimes acute and sometimes more of a deep, sinking sensation slowly sneaking up on him when he otherwise thought himself invulnerable.
John is looking right at him, unconcerned with Moriarty, unconcerned with his situation, unconcerned with anything but Sherlock. Sherlock can see miles and miles into those eyes and he can’t do as Jim asks, he
And John. It’s been a long time since John’s presence was as constant as Mrs. Hudson’s. Sherlock used to take it for granted, used to barely notice when John came clambering up the stairs after a long day at the clinic, Tesco shopping bags in both hands and his keys between his teeth. He pays more attention now. Hears every creak of protest as John makes his way up the staircase and relishes the sound of the key in the door. John still keeps his key. They seem to have reached a mutual, silent agreement on the matter and it fits Sherlock just fine. The prospect of coming home to find John there has kept Sherlock afloat on multiple crime scenes during the last six months. That despite his best attempts at reining in his own anticipation. One should avoid too much disappointment, and John’s spontaneous visits have grown fewer and farther between. Sherlock aches for one of those spontaneous visits now, aches into the very centre of his being.
, as though that would make everything alright at once, as though Mary’s initial opinion was the one and only deciding factor. He hates when she does that. Shuts down his discontent with a shrug and a smile and then proceeds to tell him how she interpreted the situation in a way that leaves him unable to retaliate. Still, there’s a world of difference between her shutting down his dislike of asparagus by telling him how healthy it is, forcing him to either buy the damn things or feel unhealthy, and her shutting down his hurt and confusion in the wake of Sherlock’s return by telling him that
And Christ, he’s beautiful. Open and vulnerable without shying away, allowing John to see the broken man behind the razor-sharp mind. Allowing John to settle a debate he’s had with himself for what feels like an eternity once and for all: that Sherlock
“I just wanted you to know,” he begins, intent on being clear and concise. That intention goes straight out the window the second John runs out of words. His courage goes along with it. “I just wanted to tell you…” Damn it all, why can’t he just
Sherlock cringes to an almost physical degree at the thought of himself during the wedding preparations: Cross-legged on the floor in front of the sofa at Baker Street, vigorously researching how to fold napkins with an interest and intensity worthy of a study on reagents or fingerprints. Christ, what had he allowed himself to become? Storing information on napkin-folding techniques away on the hard drive of his brain despite its limited amount of storeroom. Plastering blog articles on which shades of lilac go well with which shades of white on the well-oiled, optimised machine that is his brain in an effort to create as pleasing a backdrop of bridesmaids for Mary as possible. There was a time when the composition of the solar system was denied access. Now he knows how to fold a napkin into Sydney Opera House in under a minute. The facts truly do speak for themselves in this instance and the picture they paint is far from flattering.
He places an open-mouthed kiss against Sherlock’s earlobe, then lower, mapping his neck and shoulder with lips and tongue. Sherlock just exhales shakily, a slight shiver running through his frame as he slowly loosens his crushing grip on John’s hair and shoulders. He lets himself relax back onto the bed, releasing John’s hips and letting him pull away for long enough to leave his body. John all but falls down on the bed beside him and Sherlock immediately turns towards him, nudging his head against John’s shoulder impatiently until John spreads his arms for him and he snuggles into John’s warmth.
But that’s all he has time to say before Sherlock knows that he needs to get out. He needs to get out
John feels cold all over. He just stares. Stands there and stares and knows not whether he looks angry or shocked or sad or happy or as though his entire world has collapsed into this single moment.
, executed with inexperience perhaps, but with an enthusiasm perfectly matching John’s own. Sherlock raises both hands, sliding his fingers through the hair just behind John’s ears on either side of his head and pulling him closer.
Sherlock rants furiously all the way upstairs, his nerves obviously in tatters from the cocaine and his grip on his self-control flimsy at best. By the time John and Mycroft make it to the first floor, John's patience with him is already wearing thin, and it doesn't get any better when he enters the flat to find Sherlock curled up sideways in his chair, head on the armrest and eyes resolutely glued to the ground in what looks to be the opening of a massive temper tantrum.
John struggles to remove his snow-soaked boots, deposits his shopping bags on the kitchen table, tosses his jacket in the general vicinity of the hook, misses by a mile, sighs deeply, goes to retrieve it, hangs it up to dry properly and finally,
“But I’m not. I’ve never been able to do that. I’ve always wanted to, aspired to even, but I’ve just never been able to do it. I… When I’m out on a case, I don’t know the people I’m working with, neither the clients nor the victims. I don’t know them.” Sherlock’s hands flare out in a frustrated gesture, emphasizing his point. “
It’s driving John up the wall. If only Sherlock would confide in him instead of confining him to this perpetual state of nervous anticipation. He may be watching over Sherlock, taking care of his physical needs, but Sherlock obviously isn’t back to his usual self and he’s apparently not willing to let John help him with that. There’s something going on, right underneath his nose, and he knows nothing about it because Sherlock refuses to tell him.
Mary nods again. She still doesn’t seem particularly emotionally affected. There’s something off about that, something that keeps nagging John. He just doesn’t have the brainpower to process it right now.
needing to pay a visit. Mrs. Hudson comes up with some spaghetti carbonara which John gratefully accepts with a half-hearted promise to return the favour at some other time. Other than that, it’s blissfully quiet all evening. They eat the spaghetti carbonara whilst watching some news and half of a baking contest on the telly that neither of them even pretends to care about. No more than nine or ten words pass between them. The silence balances precariously between suffocating and companionable. It shouldn’t be possible, but it seems to be what happens when you stick a consulting detective who’s only talkative half of the time under the best of circumstances together with his best friend with too many inappropriate fucking feelings and too much emotional baggage in a quiet flat on a Thursday night with nothing on the telly, adding in a pinch of a recent two-week stay in a hospital due to said consulting detective’s unexplainedly long and alarmingly causeless unconsciousness, a good dose of undiscussed past conflicts and betrayals and half a tablespoon of poor decisions.
Sherlock hesitates at that, confusion and desire for information battling against pride for a moment. He’s exhibiting enough uncertainty as it is, lying here on the sofa in his dressing gown, dumb and scared and unable even to decide if he believes his own eyes. Letting Moriarty direct his gaze this way and that, foolishly tagging along three steps behind. Moriarty must be able to see that. Vulnerability upon vulnerability, one on top of another in an ever-increasing pile of insecurities and failures. That Moriarty of all people is the one witnessing him like this is an unbearable thought. Yet, in a sense, there’s something bizarrely fitting about it as well. Hasn’t it always been like this, Sherlock doing his utmost to stay remote and closed and Moriarty reading him like an open book nevertheless, seeing everything page for page?
“I’m not like them, Sherlock.” Moriarty is still looking directly at him, speaking earnestly. He gets up from John’s chair and gets down in front of Sherlock’s, seeking his gaze. And Sherlock gives it, drawn back almost involuntarily and kept there, transfixed. Jim’s voice sounds almost like a chant, an incantation reverberating through the room and through Sherlock’s head.
“I wanted to say… to ask… to say,” he begins, mentally cringing when he hears what’s coming out of his mouth. His hard drive and his transport clearly share a bad connection at the moment. He takes a deep breath. “I’m glad you’re here, John. And if you want to stay, you’re more than welcome. Even if you want to stay… permanently. Your room is upstairs, your chair is still here. W-we could… it could be like old times. I… I’d like that. Very much.” He pauses for a heartbeat. “
When Sherlock emerges from the shower, damp hair sticking up six ways from Sunday, only covered in one of his trusty old dressing gowns… when he stretches out on the couch in the evening, comfortably resting his bare feet in John’s lap regardless of the fact that John is technically still eating, heels coming to rest just a little too close to John’s crotch for comfort… when he’s finally able to get properly dressed and exchanges his baggy T-shirts and pyjamas bottoms for his elegant, figure-hugging dress shirts and tightly fitted pants… well, then it
The ear-splitting headache is making him reckless, hours and hours of silent suffering is making him desperate. As the tune draws to an end, Sherlock keeps his eyes on the newlywed couple, determined to witness the customary kiss in all its glory. It’s worse than he expects. John shifts his hand further down Mary’s back, carefully dipping her backwards, and they both giggle as they share the most clichéd kiss in the book. The happy ending at the closing of a romantic movie.
Perhaps it should give him pause. It’s now the second time John has prayed for a miracle to any god willing to listen and had the desired result. His own life in the first instance, Sherlock’s life in the second. And that in spite of John’s severe lack of piety in everyday life. Doesn’t that make him some sort of a cheat, accepting gifts in dire situations without coming to any revelations or amending his ways?
And just like that, John pulls him down in another kiss and his thoughts are stolen along with his breath.
He still hasn’t decided whether to come clean or wrap things up. Now, sitting beside her, feeling her familiar warmth with her familiar scent hanging in his nose, he isn’t even fully certain he can get himself to tell her. Despite his best intentions, he feels his brain play with the idea of just fooling her. Reassuring her that everything is at it should be and that he’ll be coming home soon.
Sherlock hesitates a little with his answer, as though he already knows John won’t be pleased to hear it.
John has barely given any of it a thought since all of this started, his attention remaining firmly on Sherlock and his fluctuating chances of recovery, but now that he recalls the exact circumstances that led Sherlock to be in this state to begin with, it’s difficult for him to refrain from feeling a certain degree of hopeless anger and frustration.
and yet he was not unfeeling enough to be indifferent. He's been stuck all this time as surely as John.
And just like that, they’re back on familiar ground and their conversation can kick off along tried and true routes. Sherlock glances towards John briefly then, and John realises that he’s done it on purpose. He’s helping John out. A warm smile finds its way to the outer corner of John’s mouth, but at the same time, it makes him inherently sad. Both of them are being pleasant and kind and funny and charming, the best versions of themselves. He’s missed Mary,
This chapter is completely Sherlock-centric. It doesn't jump between the dual perspectives of John and Sherlock as the other chapters so far, which was a conscious decision on my part to keep the focus on Sherlock and his inner conflict. John will return, of course, but most of the story right now is happening in Sherlock's head and it would feel incredibly forced to return to John right now.
“I can’t just forget about it, Sherlock! Why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t you tell me… any of this?”
John sighs softly. “Listen, Sherlock, she’s worried about you. And we’ve been holed up here practically alone for ages.” More like a week and a half, and John certainly wasn’t planning on complaining about it anytime soon, but plans change.
Then John’s brain finally catches up as he manages to actually think his own thoughts through to completion. And needs to swallow again.
They remain there for a long time, intertwined on the couch. Few words are spoken between them. Sometimes they kiss, sometimes they just sit together, Sherlock straddling John’s lap and John’s arms holding him close. When they aren’t kissing, he rests his head on John’s shoulder. Sometimes John kisses his hair, sometimes he just strokes it. They should talk perhaps, but neither of them seems capable of formulating a sentence. It just is what it is, as it always has been. But this time,
Perhaps it’s simply because, for as untraditional as John prefers his life to be and for as anti-traditional a partner as the one he’s chosen to commit himself to, when it comes to the concept of
of it. There are some things they’re probably both better off with John not knowing. Although just now… it doesn’t feel as though it really matters.
John straightens up and sends Sherlock a dirty grin, but then he seems to hesitate, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Sherlock knows what he means.
“Stammering really doesn’t become you, Sherlock. Take a moment to formulate your question and then put it to me. I might even answer if you do well.”
“I think you should leave,” Sherlock repeats harshly and gestures towards the door as John has so often seen him do with uninteresting clients. As though that’s all Mary is.
body, a body he’s trapped in, an unwilling passenger. He’s watching life play out in front of eyes, eyes he is able to see with, but they are not
"Would you like a cup of tea?" Sherlock asks as John lowers himself into the chair closest to the wall, the messenger back that's strung over his shoulder resting on his lap.
"Should have known you'd have something to do with this," his partner says as she opens the back door of the car for Moriarty.
John chuckles once and runs his hand over the strange circular inscription on the cover. He turns the book on its side and reads the spine.
He unlocks the second door and pulls it open, leading John into a foyer lit by soft yellow light. A door to their right reads '221A'. Sherlock bounds up a set of stairs before John and stops at the top. He doesn't rush John. He just stands there until John gets to the top. Then he turns and unlocks a black door marked '221B'.
. The bar's music isn't too loud but the beat is pounding. John is tapping his right foot along to it.
"It's kind of ironic for someone who's asexual to be working at a sex shop, don't you think?" Sherlock says by way of greeting, softly so that none of the other customers can hear.
John and Molly are on the ground, picking up the Irene's belongings and throwing them haphazardly into her purse.
"Indeed," Sherlock agrees, "I hope you're not expecting all your shifts to be that exciting, because they're usually quite boring."
"I was wondering if you wanted to have lunch with me and Irene and her girlfriend, Elizabeth this Saturday."
"Well I knew you were some sort of trained medical professional by the way you responded with Irene today. Paramedic, nurse, doctor. I didn't know which one, I just got lucky," Sherlock says as they turn right, and approach a door composed of two glass panels separated by a horizontal metal bar. It opens to a small space with an intercom to the left and a locked door, similar to the first, ahead. The space is so tight that Sherlock's elbow hits John as he reaches into his pocket for his keys.
She crosses her arms and looks down at the paper, eyes roving left to right across it. She usually wears glasses, Sherlock notices by the way she squints while reading and the two pink indentations on either side of her nose. The cover of the novel beside her say 'Large Print' beneath the title.
A couple of hours after Irene Adler is taken away by ambulance, a massive rain storm settles in, forcing
Sherlock buys the local Saturday morning paper from the metal stand at the end of the street. He puts it atop his fridge until Monday at nine a.m., when the
Sherlock is sitting at one of the tables, leaning his chair precariously back. He lets it drop forward and gets up. He goes back behind the counter, brushing against John as he passes him on his way to the till. He enters the code and the cash tray opens. He takes a stack of bills out and starts counting them.
"Sorry for the mess," Sherlock says. He lifts a stack of loose papers from a chair by a fireplace and takes them to a another room. Coming back, he stacks three plates from the dining room table into his arms then drops them in the empty sink. There is a stack of folded clothes on the couch pushed up against the right wall, which Sherlock balances precariously in his arms. John wonders how he doesn't bump into anything, with that stack rising to the top of his head as he walks back into the room he'd taken the paper into.
"Is it true you're the one who saved that woman's life?" a young woman asks John as he hands her her drink.
"We?" Sherlock asks, smirking. But before John can stammer a correction, Sherlock continues, "We know he's going to come tonight. I made sure of it when I told him I knew it was him. He'll want to cover his tracks, switch the milk back in case I try to use it as evidence. We'll wait until nightfall, that's when he'll come. He wouldn't want to risk being discovered in the daylight. Then we'll go to the bar across the street. It's the perfect stake-out spot, with a clear view of the front of the shop."
"Why Mrs. Hudson won't let me fire you I don't know," Molly says before puffing away. She doesn't mean it. Sherlock, with his ability to guess people's orders, is one of the few attractions of
“OK, and there are other restaurants who have not cleared up for the evening.” He tries to keep his tone even. It is difficult. Everyday Sherlock is unapproachable and aloof; this Drunken Sherlock is throwing him completely for a loop.
John flops down on the blanket with an arm behind his head.  “I read in a book once how to use the North Star to navigate.”
. He can't go home. There's a rather tall, stupendously drunk man swaying about in front of his food truck, and he is blocking most of the sidewalk in all of his staggering. The door, too. Escaping anytime soon seems improbable.
John feels his breath catch, faintly, slightly. He tilts his head, regards the man in the corner of his tiny kitchen. Their eyes meet once more; Sherlock's no longer seem quite so unfocused. They breathe for a moment, watching each other from across the room. There is a wary energy in the room. Questions drift unasked between them.
John lays his free hand on Sherlock’s shoulder pulls him back until his head is pillowed on John’s stomach.  “So your neck doesn’t hurt,”  he whispers back.  He lifts his arm and gestures at a point in the sky.
A change of topic seems in order, so John scans the few occupied tables around them before settling on a woman in a rather gaudy blue dress with far too much black lace trim.  “OK,” he says to Sherlock.  “Tell me about her, go on.” He nods discretely towards her table.
.  He classifies the boy a troublemaker and marches towards him, throwing up his arms to keep his balance as his oxfords slip-slide over stones slick with bladderwrack and seawater.  His brain seems to effervesce.
“Sherlock!” Another tug.  A pause.  Sherlock can all but feel Mycroft’s gaze following his own to the perfect blue dress in the window.  “Ah.  Dresses are your latest little intrigue, then?”
John is unsure why, but his resolve shatters. “OK. OK. Come in here, then. And don't flounce your coat near the cook-top.” He turns and flips on the griddle. Sherlock follows him in, gracelessly managing the few stairs and ends up leaning in the corner, as out of the way as is possible in the tiny space.
Their childhood was shit, collectively, but once upon a time, she'd been an extremely protective older sister to a sensitive, messy, towheaded little boy who fell in love with everything and everyone he met.
John raises an eyebrow.  He wonders if concert violinists often busk in tube stations or if Sherlock (Mr. Holmes? W?) is an anomaly in that regard as well.  He believes it is probably the latter.  Sherlock is an absurd name, posh beyond belief; it sounds like something out of a Jane Austen novel.  John thinks it suits him to a T.  He goes to slip the business card back into his wallet, but stops when his eye catches on neat, bold handwriting in black ink on the reverse side.
But a subconscious association, however damning it might have seemed at first, can hardly be called evidence. And yet once he’d managed to put the pieces together bit by bit, it had all made a horrifying amount of sense in the cruellest and most twisted of ways.
John is completely taken aback. He has, of course, told Mary about his previous relationships. He told her about them all the way back before it got serious between them, almost as a sort of disclaimer. A warning. But he hasn’t told her why his relationships the past years all had been relatively short-lived. Not once has he as much as hinted to her that he might not be quite as straight as he always portrays himself. Has she known all along? Has she really been able to add all the missing pieces to the puzzle she’s just presented him with?
Mary remains. She exchanges a few pleasantries and reassurances with Mrs. Hudson, but falls silent as John and her are left to watch over Sherlock on their own. Perhaps she’s waiting for John to speak up. Perhaps she’s imagining that he’s been holding back all day, waiting for this window of privacy.
"You could pretend. For a while. Pretend to be normal. Put on an act, play by their rules. Make friends, as your parents wanted you to. As you wanted to. John. Victor. They wanted to play. But they only wanted to play with the Sherlock they preferred, didn’t they? Smart-but-not-too-smart, fun-but-not-degrading, open-but-not-sincere. They wanted to play, but only as long as it was just a game. They wanted to see you, but they only wanted to see the things they wanted to be there. Who you really are,
And John is completely disarmed. He can’t stay mad at Sherlock, not when he puts on a smile like that. Not when he lets John see that slightly insecure, fiercely hidden side of himself that John finds impossibly endearing in a decidedly bit-not-good way. Not when he sweeps all John's concerns under the imaginary rug in one fell swoop and changes the mood in a way that John can't possibly hope to undo with the way he feels himself reacting to it. So John just sighs, shakes his head and accepts that that snide remark is the closest thing to an actual acceptance of his help that he’s likely to get.
For a few seconds, Sherlock doesn’t know where he is. Whatever he had expected to find on the other side of that door at Battersea, a blinding light shining straight into his eyes certainly wasn’t his top candidate. He briefly wonders if perhaps he might be dying. Perhaps this blinding light is a visual hallucination his oxygen-deprived brain is conjuring up in the last nanoseconds of consciousness before it stops functioning. That might explain the nonsensical belief in a passage of white light awaiting people when they die. Fascinating.
But it’s almost as though, seeing as Sherlock is unconscious and probably unable to experience anything in his current state, John is watching his life flash before his eyes in his place.
That voice telling him to watch out sounds disturbingly like John’s. But it’s getting weaker. Sherlock finds it increasingly easy to ignore it whenever it rears its ugly head in between longer and longer intervals of silence. It doesn’t bring him anything, only a deeply irrational, emotional longing for John that Sherlock does his best to suppress along with the advice itself. He doesn’t need John. If John had wanted to continue being a part of Sherlock’s life, he should have shown it a long time ago. As far as Sherlock is concerned, John relinquished any form of say over Sherlock and the way he wants to lead his life the moment he decided that he was more interested in his happy, domestic home life with Mary than in being Sherlock’s friend when he needed him the most. Sherlock is done listening to him. Done forcing himself to bend over backwards and tie himself up in knots just to gain John’s approval. Done fighting to become something he’s not, something he was never meant to be, just for a smile and a few words of praise.
At last, chapter 20. I'm really sorry, this is long overdue, but the world has kind of turned into a crazy place since my last update. I hope this extra-long chapter might make up for the delay and provide a bit of entertainment during these trying times!
Moriarty’s eyes contract and his whole posture shifts from playful to dangerous in the blink of an eye. His voice changes too, from round and childish to a softness hiding an edge of steel. “Talk then,” he concedes. But he doesn’t pull back. He remains on Sherlock’s armrest, wrapped around his frame. Coiled like a serpent.
“It’s snow. At this temperature, the water in the atmosphere never gets above 0 °C, which is the melting temperature of water, so the precipitation that would normally fall as rain falls as snow instead. It’s basic physics.”
Thank you all so, so much for all your support and for sticking with this story as it enters its second year of publication!
Of course Mycroft doesn’t stop where Sherlock wants him to. That would be uncharacteristically generous of him.
be too tired to be worried. It all just leaves him confused. Which should hardly come as a surprise by this point, but the shame of it still stings. He’s Sherlock Holmes. He’s never confused.
His eyes are still on the screen, although John can’t imagine that The Great British Bake Off has much to offer in terms of mental stimulation.
After about ten minutes alone Sherlock sees a woman with black hair and bright red lipstick walk into the shop. She has a sweater zipped up over her black t-shirt. She strides over to the register.
"Hello," he says, "I'd like to report a suspected breaking-and-entering at the shop across from me."
Sherlock gets to work mopping. John gets up with a huff and makes his way back behind the counter and Molly leans against it, hands on her hips.
When John is halfway through his pint and Sherlock three-quarters of the way through his, Sherlock stands halfway up and points down the street.
"Good company is never an imposition," Sherlock retorts. He isn't smiling when he looks at John. He's serious, John realizes.
"Doesn't it?" Sherlock says, raising his eyebrows at his reflection in the smooth surface of the espresso machine.
and puts his hands on John's shoulders. "Last chance to back off," he says. He's smiling but John knows he's serious by the hard glint in his eyes.
The woman looks down at the bracelet on her left wrist as if she had forgotten it was there. The name
"I'm thinking we should just close up early," Molly says, "We're not going to get any customers in this mess."
And this time, when John looks at Sherlock's mouth, he drifts towards it and kisses Sherlock gently, like butterfly wings against his lips. Then, when Sherlock kisses him back, he kisses Sherlock firmly. When he pulls away Sherlock whispers, "You move awfully fast for someone who doesn't like sudden movements."
to be him," Sherlock says, "Who else stands to gain from us losing business because our coffee makes people sick, or worse? I knew I used the right container, the right mixer, so he must have put regular milk directly into the soy milk container. But what I couldn't figure out -- until he showed up, that is -- is
"Hold on a moment and I'll get you your apron and name tag from the back," Molly says. She locks eyes with Sherlock as she passes him on her way to the back room. Before she can come out with John's apron and name tag, Sherlock makes his way to the other side of the counter and stops a few feet in front of the new employee.
He darts into the room. There's two bags there. Which one is hers? One has a pride pin on it. Is that Irene's? No way to be sure. He opens them both. Reaching into the one with the pride pin he finds a wallet. Inside is the ID of the blue-haired clerk. Not Irene's. He slings the other bag, a purse, over his shoulder and sprints back to the coffee shop.
The first thing John notices about the bar is that it's a gay bar. Two women sit at the counter. The bronze-skinned one with long brown hair rests her head against the shoulder of the pale one with short-cropped pink hair. Every couple he can see appears to be a same-sex couple.
Then, quite suddenly, he looks back up and locks his eyes with Sherlock's. There's a sharpness to them that wasn't there before.
"No, that's not it either!" Sherlock shouts. The few customers that weren't already staring at them before are now. "There's something going on here and I'm going to figure out what it is." He stalks off to the back and comes out a minute later with a mop and bucket.
He lights one and drops it into the fire place. The newspaper curls up in orange flame and soon the logs are crackling with it.
As Sherlock walks in, he flicks on a couple of lights, brighter than the ones in the foyer. John notices that Sherlock's living room is quite untidy. Not dirty, no, but things are lying about everywhere.
"Perfect!" Sherlock says. He leaves the paper behind as he turns and walks out the door, pausing to look at a giant red dildo on display. It looks like it would be painful, he thinks.
Molly's eyes narrow. "I know you want to tell me you told me so, so just say it and get it over with."
"I want to make it up to you. Why don't you and your girlfriend come by my flat this weekend for tea with John and I."
"What happened isn't your fault," Irene says, some of the tension in her face relaxing, "You don't have to make it up to me."
"I can't believe someone would do this," she says, glancing back down at the paper, "he could have killed me."
The bass voice calls after him, echoing off the walls of the station and mingling with the din of the public that already fills the cavernous space.
The man Sherlock is now steps up as close to John's back as he can get and slips an arm around his chest.  He hugs him against the length of his body and presses his lips to the warm, rough skin where John's sideburns would grow in if he ever let them.
John shrugs again and stuffs his hands in his pockets, smudging mud all over the denim.  “Football.”
John is familiar with the care and handling of drunk people. Such is the lot of someone who grows up with a family of alcoholics.
, and he feels absolutely pissed and reckless and yeah, he ordered a full portion when maybe a half might have been enough, but that bone-deep sensation of not giving a single fuck is half the fun of a good night out anyway.
? Yes, come to think of it, he’s definitely horizontal. On a bed, maybe, possibly, probably, judging by the soft covering he can feel beneath his fingertips and along his lower arms.
cares for Sherlock, but the point still stands). But there had been no mistaking Sherlock’s dismissal and Mary’s reaction had been equally obvious. Friends don’t expel each other from their homes, nor do they glare at one another with such unhinged resentment it's almost a physical punch. Which begs the question why John hasn’t seen it before. It must have been there right under his nose all along, practically staring him in the face, and he didn’t see it.
As much as everyone can agree to a shared feeling of relief at seeing Sherlock on the mend seemingly without any lasting damage, his ever-increasing ability to notice his own boredom and frustration and take it out on those around him means that everyone is also exceedingly grateful when his doctor finally judges him to be well enough to go home on the condition that John can be there to look after him in case of an emergency.
He should really get up. Get up, get dressed and perhaps finally do that bit of cleaning he’s thought about for so long. John and Mary are coming later, most definitely. They’ve been busy lately, unable to catch a break at work. Sherlock can understand that. But it puts them under quite a bit of pressure to get things done today, doesn’t it? There are a lot of things one must take into consideration when one is planning a wedding, a lot more than Sherlock could have imagined. And the day is just a couple of months away…
It’s pathetic, really. John has been to Afghanistan. He’s been face to face with people wielding bombs, guns and grenades with deadly intent. He’s been held hostage by psychopathic genius supervillains, been shot at with poisonous arrows, been stuck in a bonfire and nearly burned alive, been inside of a train cart rigged with enough explosives to take down the entire tube network as well as the Houses of Parliament directly above them. All of that, he’s lived through without suffering a nervous breakdown. It’s not as though being in significant danger of being burned alive, blown apart or shot dead have been in any way relaxing experiences and they certainly haven’t contributed to lowered levels of stress or anxiety on John’s part, but he’s faced those situations with considerably more calm and stoicism than he’s currently exhibiting in the face of this prolonged silence of unspoken feelings. The sad truth of it is that John finds himself less afraid of being blown to smithereens inside a tube compartment seconds before having the entire Houses of Parliament collapse in on the already unrecognizable bits of his body than he is of starting a conversation with Sherlock bloody Holmes.
Moriarty, on the other hand, seems to revel in it. He enters into the game, smirk glued to his face and eyes glittering with amusement.
, John thinks, even though he knows that to be a highly subjective opinion. Feeling himself moving perilously close to sentimentality, John quickly tries to redirect the atmosphere.
When he had been with John… For once in his life, Sherlock had felt as though there was a way to make himself work. A way to be all of himself, his brain
Mary has been an absolute godsend all the way through this. John will be the first to admit that he hasn’t been particularly gracious, not to anyone, and she's just taken it all in her stride. She's let John stay at the hospital as he asked her to and hasn’t even brought up sleeping at home since that first evening. She stops by every day after work with fresh clothes for John and a few pastries from the bakery for them to share. Then she sits with him for at least a couple of hours, occasionally talking of this and that at work or at home, or listening with patience to whatever John needs to get off his chest. And then she smiles a bit, kisses his cheek and goes home. All of it without as much as one hint that he should come with her or one comment on how incredibly pointless John’s stubborn determination to stay here really is. Maybe she knows it’s as obvious to him as it is to her. Maybe she just respects his decision. She’s been everything he could have wanted from her in this situation and more.
With a choked-out “I’m sorry” – the first words either of them has spoken to the other – John gets up from his chair, hand in front of his mouth, and runs to the guest toilet to empty his stomach.
And then there’s the looks. At first John thought that it was just something he was imagining, but now he’s not so sure. They’ve always looked at each other of course. That’s hardly avoidable when living together for nearly two years. Maintaining eye contact is nothing unheard of for them either. They’ve often done so in the past. Sometimes, if John is being honest, a bit longer and a bit more intensely than what could be considered normal between friends.
Moriarty doesn’t leave. It should be a cause of concern, but Sherlock finds it to be a painfully sharp relief. Any form of company is preferable to being alone.
As these thoughts flare through his brain at a million miles an hour, it suddenly dawns on John that Sherlock might be just as uncertain about what to do as John himself. That he might be equally torn about where his loyalties lie.
They move in such perfect tandem that it eventually stops feeling as though they’re two separate entities, the boundaries between them growing blurry and indistinct. One moment eager and frantic, the next passionate and tender, they both seem unable to decide whether to give their attraction or their feelings precedence. In effect, it becomes a strange mix of the two that somehow works perfectly, articulating every pent-up, unspoken wish and desire and feeling of the past three years more eloquently than any conversation they’ve had up until this point.
Mary is kind, considered, apologetic even, though John can’t help but notice that she doesn’t actually apologise. She only skirts around the issue with gracious diplomacy. She asks him to just forget what she’d said, reassuring him that he can stay at Baker Street for as long as he judges it to be necessary. She agrees with him when he says that Sherlock is still in need of medical care and emphasises that
Sherlock has fought against this side of himself his entire life, more out of a morbid, instinctive fear than any concrete knowledge of what it might unleash. Now he’s tired. It feels pointless to fight against what would undoubtedly be a relief at this point. A release from the pain of having too many feelings and nowhere to go with them.
Of course the moment that thought passes through his head is the exact moment his phone buzzes with a text from Mary.
Mary swallows slightly. Then she sends Sherlock one glance so acidic that John, had it been levelled at him, would have been forced to avert his gaze. But Sherlock merely accepts it, calmly holding her gaze until she marches to the door, throwing it open and slamming it shut behind her.
But he can’t say that. Not now, not like this. Not with Mycroft standing less than three feet away and his own temper threatening to boil over any moment. So all he does is nod. Once at Sherlock and once at Mycroft, who finally seems to accept the situation, but still takes a long moment to look between the two of them, then takes an unnecessarily drawn-out sigh and slowly, very slowly, makes his way down the stairs and out to the door.
is just any odd meeting space rather than a place where people, you know, lie in a coma all the way down the corridor. Mycroft enters the room in a relaxed stride, the same old
