“You should eat,” the mountain of a man standing next to him said quietly, as if not wanting to spook a wild animal.
“You’re a mess, Stevens.” Tony’s voice was breathy and low, his words sharp. “Inside and out. But this? You’re good at this. And I don’t mean the cock sucking part. There’s not really anything you are contributing to this right now, is there? I mean the being used part. Being on your knees taking whatever comes, no questions, no complaints. Knowing where you are useful.”
He said something. As far as he could judge, something appropriate. Thanked the man for taking an interest and promised to think about the missiles, the schematics which he’d secretly already destroyed but which he still could bring to his mind’s eye with perfect clarity for reproduction. And oh so many, many more and better weapons and improvements to them floating in his brain like poison.
He straightened his back, and turning, said conversationally, “Well, you know how dad was.” He shrugged. “I don’t think his habits helped his creativity any. Nor his business acumen.” He bit his cheek and tried appearing grateful. “That’s what he had you for, though.”
joining the conversation and damn it, Tony resigned himself to playing the respectful youth he had never really been.
‘Steve’ turned to the man with locks, looking like he wanted to say something but reconsidering at the last moment. The other man —
No. No, he had no intention of telling Obie anything. Yesterday was supposed to be just a temporary reprieve, but Tony was so, so tired of pandering to the old man who thought nothing much of hiring terrorists to solve his problems. On the other hand, Tony had to keep him believing that he still had Tony under his thumb or there would be consequences. Damn it.
And yet… It felt like he could trust Stevens not to stab him in the back. Jesus, Tony was a moron. They were all Hydra. Pierce had probably overseen who was assigned to Tony; no doubt he knew who he was sending. All four capable, all four beautiful. Was Stevens just making up the numbers but was not Hydra himself? That was possible. But even then, Pierce would have to be sure that he could influence the man.
Now, he only needed to get the stupid thing. It was stored well away in the lowest drawer at the back of his pretentious, much too large closet where he stored the thermal underwear he needed… well, never. He grabbed the box without really looking at it, kicked the drawer closed and went back to the desk.
Steve sank back into his thoughts. He needed to face it. He was about to meet Tony. A Tony. Not his Tony — he needed to keep that in mind. Maybe he should not call him Tony, not even in his head. Stark? No. Anthony? Maybe. Tony junior? Young Tony?
Leaning slightly down, bringing his face closer to Steve’s, Tony’s hand caressed his pecs, first stroking then cupping the right one and finally, gloriously pinching the nipple.
“Thank you, Andrew.” Perhaps, it was time to start calling the man by his name. Tomorrow, he would call Aunt Peggy. For now, he would have to rest. “I’m okay,” he lied. But once he’d spoken to Peggy, it really would be okay. Maybe.
The jovial smile that appeared on his face was clearly directed at Steve, and with Garett’s sour demeanour, it would have been completely wasted on him anyway. It was wasted on Steve too, but Pierce didn’t need to know that. That they had been here before, thirty years from now. Only now Pierce wasn’t Secretary of Defense, and Steve wasn’t Captain America. And Steve couldn’t risk showing his disdain this time. Not when he knew what was at stake. Steve thought he should smile back, but settled for a head tilt instead.
Tony went on, “It’s a question of risk management and resources. The resource here being time. Fury will be on to us soon.”
Stark was dead set on going through with disentangling their universes without anyone else's input. And he had said that Tony didn’t know when to stop! But he was adamant, almost frantic. There was more in this than just getting his peace and quiet back, and Tony, by now, had an idea what it was.
If Steve was reading this right, Stane’s smarmy tone had a hint of a carefully hidden triumph, but looking at Anthony’s stubborn face, he wasn’t so sure that either of the men had won any ground here.
His hands needed to do something more practical than just pushing the keys on the machines or writing numbers down on the blueprints. Disassembling whatever was there felt like a relief. A prototype of a processor, a gun, a —
Tony’s hand was reaching for Steve’s chin, but his eyes were already back on Tony's face, and the memory alone of that thumb in his mouth and how it had dug in painfully was enough to send Steve over the edge the moment Tony’s fingers touched his face.
Despite how Tony had treated him that night, Stevens didn’t seem to hold anything against him. Even though they hadn’t talked, to Tony’s immense relief, it seemed like they wouldn’t need to: Stevens was acting just as if nothing had happened. From time to time, Tony caught Stevens’s gaze lingering longer than before, but he detected neither malice nor calculation. Tony was starting to think that a reassignment was not going to happen.
“Thank you.” He kissed Lowell on the cheek and pulled his pants up. “Get dressed, beautiful. I need to work.”
Tony stared at Obie and suppressed a shiver of disgust. It was uncanny how strongly this youthful body processed his feelings. Tony had thought it was experience that made him the master of his own body, but it turned out that almost sixty years of wear and tear were the reason he hadn't been feeling things as keenly lately.
“I could make you hard for me whenever I wanted and never let you come and you would love it.” Steve’s speech was getting less pronounced; it was just so much, so good. “Keeping you on edge indefinitely. Dress you up whenever no one is around.” He could see it, all of it while his focus right here was pinpointed on Tony before him. “You would be mine, and you would be good for me.” The rushing in his ears became louder, and there was a snap he couldn’t attribute but Tony was still not moving. “You would never touch yourself.” For a moment he wondered if there were cockcages for these dolls too. It didn’t matter. Tony wouldn't touch himself without permission. Steve growled out a moan. Maybe he could rig something up or just paint it on. Tony would be locked forever.
Tony kneeled down beside the couch, putting Steve’s own dick into his view. Unceremoniously, Tony tugged off the condom and dropped it into his own come on Steve’s stomach. Steve tried to swallow but there was a lump in his throat, making it impossible. He stared at Tony, unblinking, and could feel his dick twitch, as well as see it from the corner of his eyes. Tony just hummed interestedly. His attention was firmly kept on Steve's face while his gloved hand wrapped around Steve's cock, which was disappointing and thrilling. Steve ached for the intimacy of Tony's skin, the calluses on his fingertips, the warmth of connection. The glove told Steve exactly what this encounter was: a cursory hand job to reward the stranger he'd just used as a sex toy.
Andrew didn't, of course. Not before doing his rounds as if there was actually any danger aside from the Hydra agents assigned to him.
Steve shot a look at Anthony, only to see a careful blankness on his face, but the absence of any reaction was telling in itself. Steve hoped that Stane didn’t realize it.
Over the last week, Obie had left several messages on his answering machine but since Tony had nothing new to say, he’d stopped answering them. Every time Tony heard that Obie was in the SI building he tried making himself scarce and this was what would happen now.
Rumlow had said they were supposed to impress Stane and not Anthony, but Stane still cared about Anthony or at least pretended to, so that should work out too. It could just be the right way to get to him and therefore hopefully to Pierce.
Steve took a sip of his coffee to quell all the pictures flooding his head at the phrase ‘too much.’ The tips of his ears must’ve been bright red, but he answered as casually as possible, “Of course.”
His heart was racing and he wasn’t sure if it was excitement or his body telling him it had reached its limits or something else entirely, but finally Tony’s hips stuttered, and Steve could imagine how his come was filling up the condom, pumping for longer than Steve thought was normal, but then everything else was also slow moving as if the viscosity of the air had suddenly increased.
“I would stay for a drink, but I saw that you cleaned the bar out here too,” Stane said, looking around as if appraising the space.
Stevens’s head jerked ‘no.’ Somehow, without taking a parade rest, Andrew suddenly looked just like a soldier anticipating his CO's orders. Breathing easier, Tony went on, "Because I'm going to tell you what's gonna happen here, so pay attention."
Seven flights of stairs was not a problem for his young body, not now that he’d been training regularly for a few weeks. If anything, it would’ve been boring, but the adrenaline that was pumping through his body was keeping his mind fresh and his blood boiling. The sound of S— Andrew’s steps falling right behind him was only adding to his energy.
“Where are you going?” Alarmed, Lowell grabbed Tony’s elbow. “You can’t go out now! We don’t know if it’s safe.”
Still, if you start reading the explicit part and feel it’s too much for you, you can skip to the end notes, I’ll give the important information there. At the end, I will also add a small spoiler that explains Tony’s state of mind for those who might want to see it, but it is a spoiler, so read at your own risk. :)
Tony trailed his blunt nails down along Andrew’s spine and ended with his thumb between the ass cheeks. For just a second he pressed his thumb just above the hole, let up and pressed again, this time while dragging it down and over the hole. It couldn’t have been very pleasant, but that was the point. He held his thumb there, just on the hole; pressing, almost pushing it in dry, but not really.
Tony took in a sharp breath and let it out with a whoosh. God, the man was gorgeous. And so sweet it was nauseating.
Warmth still blooming in his chest, Steve’s gaze fell on the article open on the screen, something largely incomprehensible that seemed vaguely related to signal amplification. He felt as if he had seen it before. Maybe Tony would use the same tech later on in gear for the Avengers. That had to be the reason why it was familiar.
“It’s for you,” Steve answered matter-of-factly and, as expected, it took all the wind right out of Anthony’s sails.
It was an hour later that Obadiah Stane came down the corridor, already a giant smile plastered on his face. “Agent…?” He didn’t seem put out by not remembering Steve’s name again. Steve had to remind himself that it was a good sign. He was playing the unobtrusive SHIELD goon convincingly.
“We are here so SHIELD doesn’t lose any potential weapon tech that the old Stark might have hidden somewhere.” He shrugged as if he personally couldn’t care less. “Or any new stuff that the guy comes up with. Who’d have thought that he’d be so productive? Stane is apparently adamant that for the last few years, SI has been producing the kid’s tech, not the dad’s. And Lowell is making him happy enough that he’s effectively chained to his work desk for the rest of his free time. Otherwise, we’d probably be trailing after him all day while he’s chasing tail.”
Steve reached out towards the doll, the other hand supporting his chin. As much as he’d hated it before, the way it looked now was more appealing. He had to ask himself if it was actually humiliation enough or just another thing Tony would roll with. Steve would need to play it carefully. Wrapping his large hands around Doll-Tony, he righted the headpiece with his thumb.
“History seems to be saying yes. Or what do you think?” Obie smiled his friendly ‘you don’t have to be afraid of me’ smile that had always worked on Tony in the past. It was only now that he could recognize the duplicitous quality of it, and it sent shivers of disgust down his spine.
“Still not big on words, huh?” Tony took the foil packet and magicked the condom on as fast as he could. “Okay, soldier, hold your horses — it’s time for the big gun.”
The night passed uneventfully, and half an hour before his shift was supposed to end, Steve started to prepare breakfast from the ingredients in the fridge. Just eggs and bacon. He was plating the stuff when he heard the bedroom door open and Anthony strut into the room.
Steve would go back to being a good influence just as he'd decided initially. He knew he had to, and he had the will to see it through. Anything else was unacceptable.
When they arrived, Tony got out quickly as if impatient to get to work, uncaring of how his bodyguards were supposed to do theirs.
Panting around Tony’s thumb, Steve felt like he was a mere accessory to whatever Tony was doing. The roll of Tony’s hips had evolved into a fast slapping of flesh against flesh and he seemed to get more erratic with the ascent towards his orgasm. Tony’s fingernails were digging into Steve’s chest but the action seemed to be more like an afterthought compared to the precise placement of his thumb in Steve’s mouth. The loss of control was making Steve dizzy but also light, oh so light. Then Tony’s thumb was digging into his gum painfully, and the only thing that threatened to overcome Steve was his own orgasm. But he wouldn’t dare. Something told him that Tony didn’t want him to come, and Steve wanted so much to just do what Tony wanted.
“I’m sorry, Obie. I can’t,” he said every time, listening to the admonishments, veiled threats, and playing at being ashamed, uttered half-promises to think more about it. He didn’t.
There was a glint of surprise in Andrew’s eyes, but then he started moving and Tony quickly palmed his sagging erection, trying not to think.
When Steve met Tony the first time in his own, original timeline, the trauma that had changed Tony’s worldview had already happened, and he didn’t seem one ounce more humble for it. But seeing what Tony had gone through, Steve realized that he had been wrong: Tony shouldn’t have been humble — he should have been fucking proud.
Over Tony’s head, Rumlow made eye contact with Steve and rolled his eyes. He was nice enough when in Anthony’s line of sight, so it suddenly dawned on Steve that however friendly Steve might have tried being, Anthony probably didn’t see him as any different from the other agents. Tony wasn’t stupid, he would know that a lot of how they acted was a front. Whenever Tony had spoken about the past, it had seemed as if everyone had just been fawning over him as long as it suited them, and the moment it didn’t anymore, they were gone. Or worse, try to get leverage out of it either through extortion or selling Tony out. And that had been everyone for decades of his life. Everyone except for Rhodey and Pepper (who Tony hadn’t even met yet). So of course, there was no chance of Anthony trusting Steve just because he was being nice. But that was all Steve could do, and even if he didn’t succeed at winning Tony’s trust, at least he would take care of him in whatever small measure Anthony unknowingly allowed.
“How is your urge to punch people at random these days?” Peggy asked. It was always her last question.
Tony rubbed his face but didn’t let his sigh get out. Fuck. He realized that he’d been putting the trip to R&D off because by the time he had manufactured all the parts of his armor assembling line, the purchase orders would have reached Obie’s desk. Hopefully he wouldn’t take an interest, but sometimes he did, and in that case there could even be an interrogation regarding the purpose of the spending. Officially, Tony could do whatever, but he also knew that his social capital with the board would just not hold up against Obadiah Stane's should he choose to freeze him out of his official position. However difficult it had been to fight him after Afghanistan and many successful years as a celebrity CEO, now at twenty-one, convincing the board that he wasn’t just a grief-stricken, unstable and unreliable youth would be an impossibility. Tony would be locked out in no time.
Almost two hours and several cups of coffee later, Tony felt marginally better. Or at least he told himself that he did, because the satellite project was finally in manufacturing, and at this point, it was really the only thing that was moving his plans along. At least Obie’s dissatisfaction with the general direction Tony had taken towards inventing better communication devices felt good.
Damnit, no. Maybe he could stop. Theoretically. Maybe. But most probably, he wouldn't. His addiction to alcohol had never been purely physical and any enjoyment he’d get out of it now, after all these years, would be tainted. And what if he was wrong? What if he couldn’t stop? What if he wouldn’t be able to? Could he risk falling into the bottle now?
An awful churning sensation in his gut was there and gone. No. Stevens was not that good of an actor, Tony was sure. Or was he projecting…?
Tony waited for him to close his shirt and tie his bow tie again. Thankfully most of the drool had hit the floor. And Tony’s shoe. The thought ran electricity through Steve which he tried to calm down. Their appearance would need to hold up to scrutiny for the time Tony needed to make his excuses and leave.
As always, Rumlow went straight to the point. “The Egg wants to stay late and I won’t be doing the whole taxi routine today. You get up here and watch him while I drive the car back and get Madden. Meanwhile the old crook can watch the monitors. It’s not as if you actually pay attention anyway.”
“Forget the deal!” the man spat, rubbing the sleeves and lapels of his suit as if to dust them off. “I should’ve known there’s no point in trying to help you.”
“Body armor?” Pierce asked as Steve’s attention returned. He laughed as if Tony’s suggestion was funny. “I heard you were working on navigational satellites. I know some people who are really interested in that.”
“There are too many entryways,” Steve told Tony who’d wanted to go in alone, like always. “If they have a private room with only one door, I can wait behind it.”
Steve felt like he should have an opinion on what was happening, but his mind was gloriously empty between the pain in his scalp and the pressure on his thighs. His dick was filling rapidly and with a hum, Tony started to grind down against him.
Slowly and cautiously, Tony opened his eyes. It was dim, but even so, he couldn't mistake the garish green and orange bedspread for anything but one of the terrible fashion sins of the nineties.
“I just noticed a car that has been behind us for a while now. I’ll turn into 59th and if they follow, we might have an issue.”
Satisfied, he returned to the desk, finally opening his package and letting the contents glide into his palm.
Tony came back but before Steve could make out what he had been doing, he said, “Didn’t I tell you to keep your eyes on me?”
“Under control,” Steve said. He didn’t say how thin that control was at times. There was nothing either of them could do about it anyway.
Good god, that blush went down his whole body now. Delicious. Tony swallowed as he briefly thought about another body that used to blush as easily at any insinuation of anything intimate.
Steve was not sure how someone in grease-stained sweatpants and a tank top could manage a look of utter exasperation as if Steve was the one being inappropriate here.
He looked over to the door of his closet before returning his attention to the package. With his pocket knife, the sealing tape was swiftly removed, but before he opened the flap at the end, he looked around. Biting his lip, he thought about just going forward. It was his own room, for god’s sake. The scene from before stole back into his mind. No, Stark would learn about this on Steve’s terms. He went and locked the door.
What the hell had he even been thinking going to the gym during Stevens’s shift? He clearly hadn’t been. Because as great as the man looked in the suit, it was nothing compared to how he looked in a T-shirt and the classic shell shorts. Even with how loose the T-shirts were these days, they could not hide his amazing pecs or wide shoulders. His shell shorts, which Tony misremembered as being typical 80s, were also shorter than Tony was used to seeing on men.
Tony blinked at him. “I’m the CEO. This is my company. That package usually comes with an office, yeah.”
It was a small black dress, as long as Steve’s hand, with white lace accents. The tiny white apron was actually not sewed on as he had expected but tied individually. There was even a white lace looking headpiece and white stockings with a garter belt, as well as a pair of flat black pumps.
Standing hunched over the schematics laid out across his expanse of his desk, Tony gritted his teeth and pretended to study them. Ignore him, he told himself. He just had to ignore Obie and he would go away.
“Alright,” Steve said. “Do you want to sit down?” he added, but quickly, almost as if Steve hadn’t even spoken, Tony turned around and went on.
As expected, the whole thing was a production: introductions (even though Tony had met most of the men present at the mansion before), dutiful declarations of sorrow for his loss, and the expressed hope for Tony being worthy of his new position. Halfway through the introductions, Tony realized that it wasn’t all fake — people did feel sorry for a young man becoming suddenly fatherless, and they were concerned about the future of the company, but there was also an undercurrent that Tony had never sensed back then.
After that, he sat at the kitchen island and stared at the rows upon rows of empty bottles. At least he didn’t have to worry about hidden bottles at this stage of his life yet. At twenty-one, he’d been drinking with pride.
Tony, much larger than just a moment ago, was standing in the door his eyes wide. Steve stared back for a moment, unable to reconcile what was happening. Tony turned his head and Steve followed his gaze to the chaos of up-turned drawers and the overturned chair. When their eyes met again, Tony closed his mouth, licked his lips, and stepped forward, closing the door behind him.
His body felt different. It moved more easily, but at the same time it was weaker. Still, the trainer’s genuine surprise at Tony’s ease in picking up the moves and trying to execute  maneuvers that he hadn’t been shown yet was gratifying. Decades-long fighting experience was good for something after all. Tony didn’t tell the trainer that he was planning to use his new skills to actually fight, but he felt that the sparring was useful anyway.
The phone rang and Tony talked. It was business but not related to his plan, so Tony only half-paid attention.
“You thought you needed to get into other people’s business?” Steve knew that there was no answer required from him. Tony had told him to keep his mouth shut. “Or did you expect her to be thankful afterwards? Maybe give it up?”
“Uncle Obie?” he asked, sounding careful, letting the man know that he’d noticed the intimidation technique for what it was. Despite keeping calm, his heart was pounding and his hands were sweating. He knew that at this point, physical violence was not yet very likely, but his hind brain was prickling with remembered fear.
“Good boy.” Even Tony himself heard the dark satisfaction rumbling in his voice. “I’m glad you are enjoying it because I wasn’t going to go out of my way to make it good for you.” He smirked and hoped that Andrew could hear it in his voice. “You’ll just have to take your own pleasure in any way you can, but if you even
“So, here is the deal,” Tony said decisively, “you stop acting the fool, and we have sex like normal people without the threats of being arrested for public indecency.”
Hi :) Long time no post. Here I am, still breathing and editing. Life has been crazy, but rest assured that unless I die, this story will be posted in full. Here is chapter 7, and this time, I don't think any warnings besides 'canon-typical violence', and just 'sex' are needed. As far as I can judge, nothing should be especially triggering. Let me know, if I'm wrong, I'll seriously consider adding the warning.
“You could remind him once in a while,” Steve gruffed back. There was no point in hiding his derision for Lowell’s callousness.
Thoroughly disgusted with himself, Steve just ran. He ran quickly, almost forgetting that he shouldn’t seem to be going too fast, but in the dark alleys he still managed to parkour over a few high fences and then jump over a couple of benches. By the time he was back at the apartment, he had worked up a light sweat, but maybe it was from stress.
“You were apparently made to be a whore.” He thought for a moment about that. “Designed yourself that way. You want this?” He flicked his index finger against the doll’s ass, producing a dull sound.
That’s what being less of a playboy and more of a workaholic got you —  the attention of a powerful megalomaniac.
Last time they’d waited for over half an hour before Lowell gave them a code phrase for “it’s useless, Golden Egg isn’t hatching.” Would they wait even longer today?
“The brat, sir?” Steve felt like his body was gone, like it weighed nothing. He carefully tensed the muscles in his fingers for a moment, not moving them at all, just to be sure they were still there.
Steve grabs his ass and lifts him off. A protesting gurgle is everything Tony can think of as a reaction. Steve sets him down on his thighs, grabbing his own cock in front of Tony’s caged one now.
“I’m sure there’s some common ground for all parties involved,” Stane said, strutting over to sit on the front edge of Anthony’s desk, looking down on him, and Steve, who was quietly standing just inside of the door, imagined pushing him off and kicking him in the gut.
“That’s it,” he murmured encouragingly in his very best patronising tone. “Here we go, get that virgin ass some proper workout.”
Weirdly, Steve still heard affection behind the mocking tone, but wasn’t sure if he was imagining it, so he didn’t reply.
“Well, sir,” he said, “someone needs to execute the orders, or the armed forces wouldn’t get anything done.”
“What?” Anthony snorted. “Are you also paid for cheerleading? That must be an interesting specialty training at SHIELD.”
Rumlow was at the wall, keeping an eye at the entrances, and Steve was close to Tony when Rumlow’s face cleared up as if pleased. Alarmed, Steve turned around only to see Pierce heading straight for Anthony. Steve’s heart was thundering in his chest. His only instinct was to get the kid away from that man. He made a step forward but remembered why he couldn’t do that.
Suppressing his stupid feelings about people similar to other people whom Tony was not thinking about was making him angry, so he decided to go to the gym and release some of that pent-up aggression.
Andrew made a quiet noise as he did and shuddered the moment Tony took his first quiet step toward the bed. How he even heard it was a mystery, but by the time the bed dipped under Tony, Andrew was continuously shivering in anticipation. When Tony put his hands on his butt cheeks, the man moaned. Tony rubbed the muscled globes and hummed in reply. He then drew the cheeks part and traced the crack with his thumb past the nub. Down first and then up slower and with pressure; pushing both thumbs in and slowly, carefully, pulling the walls apart as if wanting to see inside.
Maybe it’s a… No, what a stupid thought; Steve was dead. He had died by the time Tony had built the machine, he knew that. And his machine hadn’t had enough energy for inter-dimensional travel, so he was definitely in his own past, not some alternative universe.
During the next several days, Tony refamiliarized himself with his own life and destroyed all the weapon designs he had lying around, especially those that were in the safe behind the painting in the bedroom. It was in that safe that he found his design for the sonic taser, which he then proceeded to shred with special relish. He should also check where all the prototypes had gone. Surely, Obie wouldn’t have gotten his hands on them already?
Slowly the tension started to seep out of his body, and he felt like he had run three marathons back to back. He hadn’t noticed, but the prospect of being alone with Tony had been looming over his head all day. And now they were in the same apartment and it didn’t change anything, so he should just get used to it. Of course Tony didn’t like having him — them around. It wasn’t about Steve; he was just one of
Yep. He was a creep. Especially since others neither saw his actual age nor suspected him of having nearly as much experience in any kind of duplicity at all.
“You are right to be worried.” He leaned back but made an effort not to look laid back and unconcerned, but merely appropriately confident. “Howard Stark was a person larger than life, and a lot of the influence and market positioning this company has accumulated has to do with personal relationships as much as the quality of our inventions. I know that I won’t ever be the man my father was, but I will do my best to honor what he's accomplished and try to be the CEO that this company deserves. Eventually, as the market changes, I might want to change some things about the company, but what I can absolutely promise you is that nothing I do will negatively affect the profit margins our investors are expecting. I hope that we all can come together and show our shareholders a united front to reassure them of an unchanged status quo.” He looked at Obie, as if looking for support and was not surprised to see the man’s cold eyes narrowed in what was probably fury masked as apprehension. “Because you know how our CFO is: he runs a tight ship.”
The handshake and the pat on the shoulder looked heartfelt, and dutifully, Tony nodded before closing the door. He took a step further and leaned his forehead against the wood. Closed his eyes.
Steve snatched the package off the delivery bot. He’d been around anyway, relaxing in the rec room after breakfast, and when he heard the telltale whirring of the small guy, bringing their mail in as every morning, he went to check if there was anything for him.
“Hey there, Stevens.” Rumlow’s ugly smile was much too close for comfort, and annoyingly, he was keeping Steve from following Tony, who had a fresh drink in hand and was moving further into the room, if Steve wasn’t mistaken, to avoid Pierce in an unobtrusive way. “Let the egg do his brown-nosing. We can keep an eye on him from the sidelines. You said yourself, security here is very good.”
Their window of time was rapidly coming to a close. He had kept his back to Peggy carefully through the whole encounter. Not that anything naked about Steve could disconcert Peggy these days, or probably at any point in time, but it was already very improper this way. Still keeping his back to her, Steve stepped to the side and grabbed his towel.
“Don’t even think about moving.” The instruction came the same moment that Steve wondered if he should get up.
It was five in the morning when he woke up in a cold sweat. He rubbed his eyes and got up. Bathroom. The power source container that was bashed in. Feeling nauseous, he stared at his reflection. The stuck trigger. He looked so young. So young and so… wrong. Wrong for all the terrible memories twirling in his head. The cracked lens, the dented barrel. He leaned over the sink to drink straight from the tap. His head still full of the disintegrator, he splashed cold water on his face. Thinking about any of it was useless.
“Non-deadly force?” Tony asked, casually. He gave one of the cruder tin cans a tap on the shoulder. This Tony had had a lot of time to make design nightmares.
Nevertheless, the same evening, he quickly designed a part to his repulsor that looked vaguely similar to the detail of a missile casing, then an actual random missile detail that was fairly generic and would not help anyone build anything specifically-Stark, and left it lying on the workbench. He knew that his CFO always checked the schematics Tony left out in the open; sometimes surreptitiously and sometimes not. Maybe that would delay Obie’s verbal arm-twisting for a bit?
So briefly, in this chapter, a potential investor gets aggressive, and Steve steps in. Tony gets angry and when they come back into the apartment, he verbally assaults Steve. Steve tells him that Lowell’s assignment was to seduce Tony and Tony basically laughs at him. Tells him that all four of them are here for Tony to pick and choose from.
That was the moment his brain caught up with all the tiny little differences between what he was experiencing now and what he was used to, and the awful way his head was aching took on a sinister meaning. The pounding inside his skull, the lazy and stiff, yet healthy indolence in his muscles — everything pointed in one direction.
Fiercely, Tony wished that he'd also died under the bridge that day, wished for the fight to be over, for the next morning to never have arrived.
They arrived at the same time as Stane. Tony, again, walked at the head of their small procession with Steve and Stane behind him, the latter apparently waiting for them to reach their destination before picking up the argument again. The group walked past the conference room Tony usually went to do his paperwork, and to the end of the hall behind a dim receptionist station. It was immediately obvious that someone important worked at the office ahead of them.
Steve returned to the apartment to find a grinning Rumlow already expecting him. Steve pushed past him, in no mood for whatever this was about.
“Yes, you heard right, tiny. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. You don’t have to be big.” He put the pad of his index finger down on Tony’s hip. With his middle-finger, he made him buck-up at the same time. “Uh-uh. Hold still.”
Steve slunk off to his corner, wondering for a moment if he was just making everything worse. The first time, Tony came through everything all by himself. He was self-made in every sense of the word. Maybe there was really no space for Steve in that. Not before, not now, and not in the future, no matter how different it all might look at the moment.
Tony was an idiot. Tony was such an idiot. He had no idea where to even begin. Just because the man looked like someone Tony had once been friends with...
There was no denying that despite their similarities this was a marriage of convenience, so to say. Tony was here for the time they needed to figure the math out well enough to go to the Science Foundation, and then he would be off again to a universe without anyone sharing his genetics and thinking himself superior. Greg was probably laughing in his grave.
Tony stood up from behind his desk to greet him. “Director.” An unpleasant current went through his body at the contact of their palms, but Tony was good at hiding things like that. “What brings you here?”
It couldn’t be anything good. Tony must have fucked up something somewhere. The first time around, Tony hadn’t even been aware of the man’s existence until he was much, much older. Was SHIELD that dependent on SI technology already? Tony had not been aware of it, but what else could be the reason for such a visit? It had to be because Obie had been unable to deliver on their contracts.
Recovering, Anthony opened his mouth to say something else when they got interrupted by Lowell. Ignoring Steve completely, she smiled at Anthony.
And again Steve was left standing in the living room feeling like he had been hit by a cement mixer.
Once Madden left, Tony crowded Andrew to the wall, pushed his hands under the man’s jacket and kissed his neck.
Tony shook himself out of his stupor and brought the sandwich to the counter. Sat down, took a bite. It tasted like cardboard, but he still chewed and swallowed. Steve —
! It’s not! He probably wasn’t even that similar; his mind had been playing tricks on him last night, and he’s just so pathetic that he fell for it. Fucking idiot.
Tony worked at home, went to work, and spent a lot of his time in the R&D department. He had his own locked space there, but he still made sure to visit the other engineers, and by the end of the second week, SI New York lab techs and office rats had gotten used to Tony turning up every day. Over time, he made rounds in the whole building, talked to his employees at every level, including the cleaners, and encouraged his engineers to book a slot with his secretary if they ever needed his help. Tony was cautiously optimistic about at least some of the higher-ups soon starting to bypass Stane with CEO related issues.
“You like it rough, huh?” Tony pushed in up to the first knuckle and Andrew grunted. “That looks pretty,” Tony went on casually. “It’s a shame you only have a wall to stare at.”
“Shhh, I’m thinking,” Tony said quietly, but the commanding quality of it made a shiver travel down Steve’s spine.
Andrew was looking, though, and he clearly liked what he was seeing. There was raw hunger on his face and his cock was hard as he was kneeling on the bed with his fists clenched at his sides.
Tony looked at him in confusion until the words registered and then all mirth disappeared out of his face.
He bit his lip, trying not to show that only the tiniest bit of his attention was dedicated to Rumlow’s briefing. He had no time to fall back into the vortex of thoughts regarding the past. He felt a twinge somewhere in his chest, but ruthlessly, he pushed it down. Steve couldn’t afford to be foolish about this. Everyone he loved was dead. And at the same time, alive too, but Steve was no one to them. Except for Peggy, who wouldn’t live long enough to see it all go to hell. Small mercies.
Without picking up the chair, he went to the door. It wouldn’t open; a moment of panic in which he thought of ripping it off the hinges passed, and he remembered the lock.
Steve concentrated on keeping still, in the place Tony had put him in. All the words were washing over him. They were all true, and Tony knew him better than he did himself. There was still a vague feeling of shame lingering somewhere in the back of his head, but it intertwined powerfully with Tony wording it in a form of sweet torture. He was more turned on than the last two times and despite the derision dripping from Tony's countenance, at this moment, all Steve saw and heard was approval. Steve’s cock was pulsing and twitching painfully against the seams of its confinement and there wasn’t anything he could do about it. He’d also been sure Tony wouldn't pay it any attention either until he suddenly felt the cruel pressure increase.
A little before five, Anthony went to bed, so Steve told himself to relax, and to an extent, he even managed. Still, Steve couldn’t stop himself from making breakfast albit, it was a tad later than usual. He wanted to leave it under a cover for later, but Tony reappeared out of his room at the same time as always.
Steve hadn’t thought too much of what Tony was doing at the moment. He kept it as close to his chest as possible which felt normal under the circumstances. Stane seemed to get a little more impatient with every visit though, and Rumlow was on the phone regularly answering probably to Agent Garrett about what Tony was working on. Other than being on his computer and sometimes seeing him noting down stuff, there was nothing to tell. If he was building anything, he was doing it in his private lab at SI and there they were restricted to staying behind the closed door at all times.
* Another sex scene in the last part of this chapter. What some people might want to be warned about is that Steve is PTSDing hard and he’s losing time, etc. It looks like he’s not entirely there to give informed consent, but it is not visible to Tony at all. And the important bit is that Steve is never going to regret it or feel bad about it. So I hope that neither will the reader. But just in case, I will give a short rundown of facts at the beginning of ch7 too, so you may skip this scene after Tony drags Steve away from the incident at the gala.
...and slaves. The lines of mindless slaves walking thoughtlessly behind each other into the mine tunnels or weapons factories or even the long kitchen stations where other mindless slaves were boiling some kind of sludge and distributing it to the workforce.
The strategist and the humanitarian in Tony had wanted to just bomb the whole enterprise to stop Chitauri’s supply lines, but there had been mothers with their kids and old people as well as strong adult males and females. They’d all looked so human — harmless and defenseless. Tony couldn’t imagine just killing them even though there was no hope of bringing back their minds.
Immediately, Steve nodded, then paused. Was he? The world was still swimming around him but Tony was here, taking care of him, so Steve added, “Yes.”
With a snort, Steve momentarily imagined Tony turning to Rumlow next, but even a painful twinge at the thought of Tony moving on from him didn’t have time to manifest as he realized that Rumlow would be more likely to punch Tony than sleep with him. Besides, Tony didn’t seem to like Rumlow any better than Steve himself did, and that thought was comforting.
Tony must think he was a big, naive oaf. Steve wondered how to dissuade him before realizing that it was exactly what he was supposed to be thinking. “Yes, of course. It’s casual. It’s not as if the world depends on it or anything.”
Unable to vocalize anything right at that moment, Tony nodded again and stepped back. Stane let him.
He took the welding torch out of Tony’s shaking hands — damn, but this young body had no idea how to process adrenaline. Looming over Tony, Stane guided him to sit in the only unoccupied chair in his workshop.
Almost half an hour earlier, he’d let Obie in, so as a last moment decision, he walked into his walk-in and looked around. One thing was clear — he had to appear absolutely helpless and insignificant to the goons, therefore he chose his ‘loudest', oversized by the future’s standards, outfit — a sweater and a pair of worn jeans. He mussed his hair and didn’t bother with shoes. Okay, time to face the music. He walked back into the bedroom, but as he neared the door, out of curiosity, he decided to take a peek first. Soundlessly, as to not alert anyone, he pushed the door ajar.
None of the distractions — visits from Obie and Pierce — helped while Stevens was actually around. The man was… nurturing. And built. Like a bodybuilder, pardon the repetition, because supersoldiers… weren’t a thing and Tony was not thinking about them. And he definitely wasn’t thinking of the blocks of ice drifting in the Arctic.
. Steve did his best to focus on the information about Anthony almost working round the clock. At least he slept when it was Steve’s shift. That was good even if it was only for four to five hours sometimes, but often it was closer to seven or eight. It didn’t fail to make Steve wish that Tony would do that when someone else was around, however. There was only so much Steve could do with the limited time he got to see Anthony. At least Anthony didn’t manage to line up his sleep pattern with Steve’s schedule every time, as they had no set order.
Steve couldn’t reply to that. He couldn’t say ‘she’s Hydra.’ He didn’t even know if that was true. “You know she’s a honeypot.”
A grin took over his face without any restraint. The piece of cloth was in a clear, rigid plastic case, which came easily apart with the knife too. The paper insert said “Fitting every model” and “Career line”. Steve snorted. ‘Career’, sure.
The rest of the conversation was drowned out by the rushing in Steve’s ears. He didn’t know how but he was fucking it up so badly that Pierce and Rumlow weren't even hiding their connection, two men of the same organisation but so far apart on the hierarchy ladder that they should have nothing but a polite nod between each other. Was this new in this timeline? Was fucking Tony’s life up worse than it had been the first time around or was this how it happened the first time too? Today Steve had delivered Tony to what was apparently Pierce's private party as it became clear now that Steve saw how he was making the rounds. Was this supposed to happen? Steve just didn’t know.
Going jogging wasn’t doing shit for him. But he couldn’t stay in the apartment all the time either; he’d break someone’s face. Rumlow’s or Madden’s, or even Stane’s. Should he show his ugly mug.
Anthony gave him the twenty-one year-old version of Tony’s best press smile. “Sure. I will think about it.”
And Tony’s desperate scream for Steve to save himself and damn the rest of humanity; the bitter lack of satisfaction as Tony smashed his fist through the creature's spine and dropped him into the water. Everything just a split second too late. Then the pain in his joints as he finished what Steve had started; the tears in Clint's eyes as he was yelling that Tony could let go now, that it was enough, that they'd gotten everybody to safety.
Steve drove while glancing at Anthony in the rearview mirror; going by his behavior, Tony didn’t even notice there was a third person in the car. Upon arrival, Steve was shown to the building security while Rumlow went up with Tony. He called Steve five minutes later.
But it was imperative that the people he loved would never get to meet him this time. He didn’t want to create unforeseen problems for his future self when he came out of the ice. Maybe the other him would get lucky and meet some of them on some wonderful low-key mission where only a few hundred lives were at stake? Steve smothered a mirthless laugh.
Shift change. Apartment. Yeah, Tony could do it. He had a ‘we need to talk’ talk all planned out and everything. But then their eyes met and, unbidden, Tony remembered what Andrew’s wide azure eyes looked like when foggy with arousal. Tony’s tongue dried and stuck to the roof of his mouth, and no words were forthcoming.
Or maybe it was all Obie, a voice said at the back of his head. Maybe Obie was just offering him an opportunity to fuck on the job so that he wouldn’t go out of his way to party for days on end, and Stevens was just added for his general appearance. Undoubtedly, Obie knew that Tony used to have a thing for Captain America. Yeah, that made sense.
The moment his hand was on the door handle he remembered about the bodyguards and... the Captain America impersonator.
There was no underwear. Of course, there wasn’t. Hadn’t Stark said that he had almost complete control over the design? Steve pressed his lips into a thin line.
With any luck, this version of Tony would be so different that there wouldn’t be a problem with  keeping the two apart.
“You feel so good.” Steve’s words draw a sob out of Tony. No matter how often Steve says it, it manages to hit Tony at his core every time. “You’re so loose for me. How often have you done this today? How often have you filled yourself up with me?”
When Pierce had left, Garett turned to Steve. “Congratulations, you just earned yourself an indefinite time of bottomless boredom. Ever worked security detail before?”
Steve noticed that Tony had been about to say something else, but instead, he tilted his head to the side and looked at Steve as if he was a puppy that had just performed a new trick. His smile looked intrigued.
Andrew keened, from pain or pleasure, Tony wasn’t sure, but he let the pressure up immediately, then pushed his thumbs in deeper and slowly, oh so slowly, pulled the opening wider again. This time, they groaned in unison.
He gasped again, but there was no air, no air, and he opened his mouth again to fill his lungs, but there was no —
It wasn’t even the pause that made Tony's eyebrow quirk. It was something in his tone that sounded... insolent, but at the same time it was so subtle that Tony couldn’t be sure if he was making it up due to the… similarity.
Steve managed seven hours of not thinking about Anthony, but that was because he was thinking about Tony instead. Everything he was learning about Anthony was also true for Tony. That somehow made Steve’s stomach twist and turn painfully. All of this had already happened. Rumlow had been around Tony, and Lowell had tried to get to SI secrets by sleeping with him. Young Tony obviously already had second thoughts about designing weapons, but he would still continue until it would almost cost him his life, all because the person that he trusted would betray him — had already betrayed him.
“First your tardiness with the missile designs and now this?” Obie continued and a part of Tony had to hold in a relieved giggle.
Stane had never directed more than a cursory greeting towards Steve, and he was very sure that he didn’t like the change. For a moment Steve felt like he was standing on the edge of some dark crevice. It was the place where he had been burying all his anger and rage for the last several years, and there was no reason to take the plunge now. He was working together with Brock fucking Rumlow on daily basis and had told himself that it was for the good of the world. Just because Stane would become the single worst thing that would ever happen to Tony was no reason to put his mission in danger, right?
His words elicited a low, stifled moan. Reverently, Tony went on caressing the skin on Andrew’s butt, sides, and back until it felt like neither of them could hold out for much longer. Groaning, Tony pulled at his own cock a couple of times.
Rumlow barged in mid meal, raising one eyebrow as he looked from Anthony, sitting at the couch at one end of the room, to Steve sitting opposite, and then back again.
“Maybe Rumlow is not yet Hydra,” Peggy suggested. “Maybe there are no ‘right missions’ for your team yet.”
“Good morning,” Stevens said as he walked closer to where Tony's butt was glued to his swivel chair behind his computer.
They made it to SI headquarters without another non-incident, and Steve set up shop with the security guards while Anthony and Rumlow headed upstairs. Steve knew most of the guys from SI security by now and actually felt relieved to strike up a bit of small talk to distract himself from the mess he was in.
Tony blinked in surprise and turned to check for his bodyguard’s whereabouts. He found Stevens slightly to the left, sitting on a mat and doing leg stretches. Tony’s breath hitched: the sight of his shorts stretched over his hip, tight over his junk was mesmerizing. They were riding up, and the powerful thigh muscles displayed on his stretched leg... Mentally cursing, he turned back to the stupid punching bag in front of him.
Tony could do all his work at SI but was consistently staying at his apartment during Lowell’s shifts. – No. She couldn’t do that. It was
The men in the room exchanged some words. One of them started tapping his fingers and the woman rolled her eyes. Dimly, Tony realized that he was late. He didn’t care.
Slowly, Steve sank down on his knees — Tony’s eyes were boring into Steve, but he didn’t cast his gaze away. He wasn’t running anymore.
Steve refused to pace while waiting for the need to grab and tear to go down. He stood still in the middle of his room. He could hear his own labored breathing. It was ridiculous.
Anthony seemed to lose steam at the last part. Steve was not sure that their hurrying through the corridors had any other purpose than for him to not have to look at Stane, but then he also might've been projecting.
If Steve was sincere about doing the right thing, this was his opportunity. He had a chance of not repeating his gravest mistake. Steve swallowed and pushed himself up to his proper height and answered, “Yes.”
The woman laughed, but Tony knew that this thing between them was drawing to a close. Whatever she’d set out to do wasn’t working and she undoubtedly knew it. If her assignment was, indeed, to get something from him, soon, she would be pulled out. But if not, then the whole bodyguarding scheme was in place to just off him at the right moment. In that case, he should get rid of all of them as soon as possible.
He got up. He glanced at Madden sitting in front of the monitors, overlooking the main entry and the elevator on Tony’s floor. There was no footage of the inside of the apartment, and until an hour ago, Steve would have found the suggestion preposterous, but now he felt ridiculously eager to see behind the closed door.
By association, he glanced at the woman who very professionally looked extremely ornamental on the seat she’d chosen to lounge on. Tony’s stupid dick twitched.
He keeps on bouncing himself up and down, and finally Steve can’t stay still anymore. His hips snap up against Tony’s ass. Tony squeezes. It’s about to be—
Tony doesn’t say that today Steve refused to fuck him. Tony had to fuck himself on Steve. On the last day, Steve has made it extra hard on him, but Tony didn’t care. It was hot to be honest. It still is, but the day has been long.
“Thanks,” Tony pressed out through his clenched teeth. He felt that if he let himself relax, they’d be chattering with shock and fear. “I need to…”
“Burns. But I can go on.” Tony never knows if Steve’s asking because he’s about to not let Tony go any further or because he enjoys how far Tony pushes himself for him.
“I get that it’s tough with your mom and dad gone and it might seem that death is everywhere, but guns had nothing to do with what happened to them, Tony. What our company does had nothing to do with their deaths. I know you know this!” He let go of Tony and sighed a world-weary sigh as if he, too, was suffering from the loss. “Their deaths are hard to bear, but it doesn’t change the fact that we
The elevators were shockingly slow in this century, and Tony had no smartphone to fidget with. Madden was standing in front of him and it felt stifling. He wished Stevens was here instead of this large brute. In truth, Ste— Andrew was even bigger, and yet Tony felt he breathed easier with him near.
He was ready to throw the doll down but rethought in the last second. Instead, he put it down face-first onto the pillow.
Tony took a big gulp of coffee, bit into the sandwich, and pulled out the forms that needed much less concentration. He got back to work.
A quick call to his own secretary (Claire? Marie?) at Stark Industries confirmed the date, and his board meeting as the official CEO was today. Perfect.
Her clever smile put them on a more equal footing with both of them thinking that they had the upper hand by knowing something the other didn’t. Well, that was true — he wasn’t sure what type of a mission he was for her (she might be an alien, an industrial spy or Hydra, an assassin, or just Obie’s honeypot), and she had no idea that he even suspected her in any of it. Well, at least for now, Lowell’s mission seemed to be gathering intel, not taking him out.
The tone sounded indifferent, the honorific was back and the food tasted like cardboard. Tony ate it anyway.
score, is that it?” Anthony snorted. “You’ve got your off nights just like everybody else, Captain Handsome.”
Steve huffed. He really didn’t feel like ribbing back. The relaxation from the hot water was still fresh, and not even Clint would manage to ruin that. “Sure.”
Stark Industries? Security detail? Did that mean…? For a moment Steve thought about backing out. But he had no excuse to do so; no connection between Stark Industries and Agent Andrew Stevens of SHIELD. There was also no connection between Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. Not anymore, not yet, and there never would be. Besides, whatever the assignment was, most probably Steve wouldn’t even see Tony during it. What would be the odds?
“You haven’t eaten in at least six hours and unless Agent Lowell is incredibly unobservant, it’s actually closer to twelve.”
Despite that, Steve didn't have a lot of opportunities to make friends with Anthony as he usually went straight to bed as soon as they arrived. Tony had always told Steve that his bad habits were nothing compared to his younger self, but what Steve saw was a very disciplined young man who didn’t drink, didn’t party, and got at least six hours of sleep per night.
Steve used both hands to pull the skirt back down, so the cock, now framed in white, was no longer visible. Picking the doll up again, he weighed it in his hand. The look made the thing sufferable– because it would embarrass Tony.
For a split second Stane’s eyes looked calculating, then his shoulders relaxed and his demeanor turned entirely too understanding.
He stepped closer and put his arm around Tony’s shoulders, squeezing them, and Tony’s first impulse was to push him away, feeling even smaller in his embrace than the last time Stane had touched him like that. Although Tony would never be an especially big man, thus far, he hadn’t even filled out properly. So the other man simply felt a lot larger and more intimidating than he remembered. His heart rate doubled, and all he was suddenly able to do was keep breathing steadily.
Tony stared into Stevens’s hungry eyes. They started taking off their clothes, and despite still being a shrimp, something about Tony’s appearance was very obviously working for the other man. His eyes were roaming all over Tony’s body and in response, a self-satisfied smirk formed on Tony's lips. Usually, Stevens’s stoic, unmoving, almost unfeeling facial expression felt wrong for reasons Tony generally refused to examine but was inescapably aware of. Right now, though, the burning blue eyes were saying
In the end, his doppelgänger couldn’t keep himself from making another comment. “And you think it will still be that way after this? Do you think he will forgive you?”
He had stared at the ceiling of his bedroom after, as if he could see right through it, to see what Tony was doing and whether he was okay — no, that was a lie. He wanted to know if Tony was affected by it too, or if Steve was just the next warm body for him to entertain himself with. Steve remembered how he had wondered about Tony not drinking and clubbing like Steve expected him to, but now he knew. Tony was still Tony, but he never really needed to go clubbing to find himself a willing bed partner. He just crooked his little finger and people fell over their feet to volunteer. And now it was Steve’s turn. How pathetic.
They shook hands, and Steve grit his teeth. Rumlow, however, was gazing at Pierce with an expression of deep satisfaction. If he wasn’t Hydra yet he definitely was aiming to get recruited and knew who he needed to impress.
He dropped his arms and strode towards Stevens who was now standing at a weight rack. Even with the blank expression he mostly wore, the man was ridiculously gorgeous. Tony felt like slapping his face to see at least some kind of emotion on it, but hey, he had boxing gloves on and there was a ring less than ten meters away.
He didn’t give the other man a chance to reply, and one knee on the bed for better access, he worked the plug in. Andrew pushed back to receive it but otherwise didn’t react.
Steve only noticed that it had been seven hours of turning in circles thinking about a man who was dead and what could have been, when Carmel, the old security guide, held out the receiver towards him.
“But we are…” Steve stopped himself before he could say ‘assigned to protect him.’ Instead, he scrunched up his nose, hoping it looked like stupidity and not disdain.
He gently moved Tony’s arms down to his sides. “He is very patient and waits for me to tell him how he can be useful. He let me dress him. And I did a good job of it, didn’t I? Look at you. See how well those stockings fit.” Steve let his fingers trail up those legs again, only shortly hesitating at the seam of the skirt. His fingers slipped under it without flipping it back. “We don’t want you to look indecent to the world, do we? I would never expose you like that.”
"You’ve already had more than several times that, Tony." Stane took a deep drag off his cigar and leisurely blew a puff of smoke to the side. "And even if I wanted to, I can't wait. As I said, the board is waiting for the update next Thursday, and if they don't get it, they might start questioning your position as the CEO of this company. That's all I'm saying."
Since Madden didn't really care about Tony's safety and cared even less about hiding it, Tony jumped into the driver's seat and drove fast. At the apartment, he left Madden in the front room and marched into the shower.
A gym worker helped them both into the protective gear, and now Tony was bouncing back and forth in the middle of it, lifting his upper lip as if baring his teeth. Stevens was ignoring his antics but that only made Tony more determined. Strangely, the prospect of potentially getting his ass kicked made him feel oddly powerful. It would be an unfair fight, but it would be freeing to hit back without holding back. He might lose, but he will go down fighting!
It didn’t matter, though. They both knew that their agreement wasn’t made to last, and Tony knew where his loyalties lay. So, he made his way back. Tony made a split-second decision between the Trisk and the mansion and piloted towards the mansion. There was no way he would get to talk to anyone at the Trisk before Fury had him seized and questioned, and they didn’t have time.
Tony paused in thought, then said, “You‘re right. I can’t work here, so…” His voice trailed off and his eyes were unfocused.
He walked up to the bar in his living room. Stared at it. If he removed these too, Obie would know. But so what? He already thought that Tony was overstepping the limits he’d been unofficially set. Taking a deep breath, Tony took several bottles and went to the kitchen. He made two more trips and the last one… His favourite. He’d left his favorite bottle of scotch for last.
Randomly, almost blindly, he stepped off the machine and approached another one. Shoulder press. Yeah, okay. Banishing the confusing memories of last night, he set the level and went to town with it.
Ste— Stevens. He meant Stevens. Andrew. Andrew knocked on the door and walked right in. Tony ignored him.
“Well, thank you for your concern anyway,” T— Anthony said airily, turning away. “For now I have enough lady at hand for my needs.”
SPOILER: spoiler here stop reading now if you don't want to be spoiled spoiler here spoiler here: Tony just can’t resist Stevens for looking like Steve, but he is also taunting, abrasive because he needs to retaliate for Stevens not being Steve. Spoiler end spoiler end spoiler end spoiler end spoiler end.
“Mr. Stark,” Rumlow said, smiling politely. “I’m Agent Brock Rumlow and this is Agent Angelina Lowell of SHIELD.”
The boy was Tony. It was obvious now, in a way; the eyes, the way his mouth settled into an annoyed line... It felt somehow familiar but at the same time — 1991. Tony was supposed to be twenty-one. The boy looked seventeen, maybe. Like he had been borrowing clothes from his father’s closet.
Tony spent the hours until the shift change with his fingers busy on an old… well, actually still a new brick game console, and his mind was occupied with a miniature pulse emitting device. He needed a small portable version that worked independently. The design was more or less finished in his head, just a few kinks to iron out, but he would only be able to do that effectively once he sat down at the drawing board.
Blinking was no longer avoidable, and Steve’s gaze fell in front of him for a short moment. Tony’s button and zipper were right there and he could see his cock twitch. Tony yanked at his hair, calling his attention back to his face.
Steve stuffed his mouth with the sandwich because there was nothing else he could think of doing or saying. Rumlow took it for acquiescence.
Tony blinked, but noticed that Stevens’s shoulders relaxed a fraction and after a block, he finally turned back towards the apartment. When close, however, he raised the partition and then drove right past their building.
Going by the startled glances around the table, nobody had thought that the new CEO would have anything to say to the board. He waited until all eyes were on him and smiled politely.
“You wanna go again before the shift change?” he asked, absolutely not pretending any emotional ardor.
It looked indecent. Heat was running through Steve’s core at the thought of what Tony would think of this. He deserved it, alright.
“There’s been an unauthorized entry on level eight,” the man explained, while rolling the privacy screen up. “I need to investigate it before I can let you enter the building.”
He tried to get rid of the thought that he had been staring at this thing’s dick, contemplating if the detail of a thick patch of curly dark hair painted around it was really necessary. If it was the actual way Stark looked down there. Steve shook his head.
Steve stood it up against the wall, crossing his arms on the tabletop and resting his chin on it. The smile on Doll-Tony’s face looked less annoying now. The costume just framed it in the right way. Telling the viewer that it was a special favor to them. Or that he knew what he looked like, that he knew what would happen next.
He grinned coldly at Steve, “We’ll get to that in a minute. You’re so desperate for it. You need someone to screw your brains out so badly, don't you?”
The hand in his hair gripped tighter, so tight he took a hissing breath before answering. “Rumlow put them in our jackets just in case. It wasn’t…” What? On purpose? Steve’s idea? Anything he had thought much about?
At first, Steve assumed it was Stane's office, but after turning the lights on, Tony— Anthony went straight behind the huge, imposing desk and sank into the big black leather chair. He should have looked like a preschooler in a too large team jersey, but instead it all fit. This was Anthony’s office and it looked like it. Never had the words ‘CEO of a Fortune 500 company by twenty-one’ been as real and impressive.
As long as Rumlow still considered him too stupid to do anything, his cover was good. After all, the only other instance that Steve had fucked up and punched a fellow agent, had been chalked up as him not being good in high-stress situations. It hadn’t helped him advance in the SHIELD or Hydra hierarchy, but at least, no one was suspecting him of knowing Hydra (and later Chitauri) agents.
‘I’ll just sit down for a minute,’ he thought as his legs folded under him and he slid down the wall.
The car ride seemed long and also not. Tony resolutely grabbed for the front door and while Madden tried protesting, Stevens just shut him up with a short “that’s fine” and went for the back seat. From time to time, Tony stretched, lifted his hand behind his head, and making sure that Stevens could see the gesture, played with his hair and tugged on it sensually.
It was weird to repeat what had been a usual morning in his youth like this, but the two notable exceptions to his past routine were that he couldn’t hold his head underwater to sober up and he knew that hair of the dog was out of the question.
Tony didn't talk to anyone, just flagged down a server with drinks and beckoned him closer so he didn’t have to speak up. The server listened, nodded and headed for the bar.
He tried to pull off the tux the thing was wearing in one go, but of course it just wouldn’t budge. He thought about ripping it, but so far everything about the damn thing was so well produced he was afraid not the cloth but the plastic beneath might take damage, and he would need to get a new one. He really didn’t want to do that. Having one in his possession was bad enough.
The quiet keen Tony suddenly heard drove his pleasure higher, so high— so… A part of him found himself wanting to prolong the fucking. It was a moment of escape—
Tony barely remembered this apartment because he'd only lived there briefly while working on his second doctorate, and his main memory of it was that it was where he’d heard about his parents. The upside was that he knew where to find the painkillers.
He picked up the dress and put it on the doll. It required a bit of moving its limbs and pulling all the details into place but then that was already much better, wasn’t it? The black and white details looked quite good in contrast to the tanned skin. Steve added the small apron. It took several tries, and his hands seemed so giant all of a sudden, but finally, he tied a nice bow at the back. The headpiece fit perfectly too, and Steve wondered for a moment if the set wasn’t made specifically with this doll in mind after all.
Tony willfully tuned him out, let himself be led by the arm over his shoulders and stared into the distance.
Guiltily, Steve looked back up at Tony’s face, grim once more. If he had found any reprieve in his orgasm, it was either already gone or he wasn’t willing to share any of it with Steve. Tony kept eye contact with him, while very visibly snapping a medical glove onto his hand. A fire, similar to the one before, roared in Steve with a vengeance, but instead of enticing a flight response, this one just made him even harder. The strong urge to roll up and hide was as strong as Tony’s order to stay put.
Peggy’s voice betrayed no worry, only consideration for the mission. She was his handler right now, not his best friend nor a past love of his life. The love of his past life.
Tony had been on edge when they left the office building in Manhattan. He’d had a meeting with some important investors, and it could have gone better. They were only halfway back to the apartment when a call on the car phone led them back to a restaurant in Midtown. One of the partners of the firm who had just declined Tony any support wanted to talk to him privately. Steve was on duty and told Lowell to wait in the car. Apparently taking her cue from Rumlow, Lowell just shrugged.
“Shut up, Stark.” Steve hit the counter making something splinter. He couldn’t see what, only the short moment of uncertainty on Tony’s face.
He grimaced at the terrible wardrobe choices with their colorful wide-cut jackets and ‘loud’ ties and found a dark gray suit he had probably worn somewhere Obie (another grimace) had told him to appear ‘proper’ for.
Tony’s face did something curious, as if he wanted to smirk but wiped it off before it could take form. “I have tools of persuasion they don’t.” He didn’t even say it in a sultry tone, but Steve’s brain supplied that connection on its own.
“Your father had bodyguards too at one point, son,” Stane continued in the meantime. “Just for a short while, and it turned out to be nothing in the end, but it's smart to be cautious. So what do you say, Tony-boy? The day after tomorrow? I’ll send a couple of guys over. It won’t be so bad, you’ll see!”
Steve went to his shared room with Rumlow, but even after an hour, he was still turning from side to side so often that the cover was wrapped around him like cling film on a sandwich.
The taller man melted instantly and yes, that was what Tony had needed. "Fuck, Andrew, how do you always smell so good?"
“Tony,” the other man said, trailing after him too close for comfort. “You know you can’t win this one,” Obie continued in a tone that sounded deceptively understanding, “I know you didn’t get along with your father, but this is just bad form. You know that you are letting down not only me but also
“That makes you blush? You acted like a stupid giant ape out there. You should be embarrassed about that.”
“It’s only for a while,” the man said in the tone of voice Tony had always taken for affection. “Just until it blows over.”
Steve didn’t think he had entirely caught up on the conversation, but regardless, his answer was a definitive “Yes.”
Of course Stark loved the idea. It was still a fairly new thing, and already he had made a deal with the manufacturer to have his own line. “Not anything anyone hasn’t seen on the internet already anyhow,” he had said when Steve had asked if he had no shame. And as if that hadn’t been enough, when the first of the damn things had been produced, Stark had ordered one for everyone on the team. Steve had found it in his room that day and almost went to stuff it down Stark’s throat. Only with the last thread of reason he managed to calm himself down again. There had to be a possibility of teaching Tony a lesson once and for all somewhere in this. He had put it in the drawer, making an exercise of trying not to think of the thing and at the same time coming up with a way to use it against Stark, which then led to him browsing the internet for ideas.
, and the sex they’d just had only proved it. Andrew Stevens, as far as Tony knew, was a quiet and well-meaning sort of person. Not bright, but dependable. Tony wasn’t one hundred percent sure he could trust him personally (he was a SHIELD agent, after all), but Stevens’s apparent earnestness had made something in Tony’s chest warm and now Tony had soiled their professional relationship with
“Do you have a safeword or do you want to think about it?” Tony was more patient with Steve than he’d seen him be with anyone in this decade. It made him want to break down and weep.
Steve was obviously doing a very good job at playing the big dumb brute, as the film currently in the machine contained the 1989 volume of the International Journal of Electronics and Communication Engineering. But it didn’t really matter.
With a pang, Tony realized that he wished Stevens were there instead, but that was even more stupid. He wasn’t… It wouldn’t be the same, Tony knew that. No friendships to forge here. Especially after...
Tony ignored him. He got onto the back seat, stared out the window, and wondered if Obie knew who exactly he was employing. He wondered why SHIELD really regarded Tony so important to national security at such a young age. Even Obadiah Stane wouldn’t be able to simply loan four people from SHIELD for bodyguard duty… Oh. Peggy. Aunt Peggy could have approved it, but even then, there should have been a reason that was good enough to put into reports.
Tony prowled close, so that Steve had to look up to keep eye contact. Tony’s hand ran through his hair, grabbing it part way through, smoothly going from caress to punishment.
The first thing he did after stepping into the stall was taking himself in hand and jerking off quickly and efficiently. Andrew would be along in a few hours, Tony could play then. He’d keep him naked at the foot of his bed, his wrists tied to the bedframe and fuck him whenever he wished, from whichever end he wished and lose himself in his drafts in the meantime. Or maybe, Andrew would just sit at Tony's feet, his cock rock hard and stare at him, his own boxers in his mouth and hope and wait for being touched and petted and fucked… Pounded into. Later, Tony would ram into his mouth so hard he would have no breath to make noise and tears would run down his beautiful face and his cock would be weeping for his touch—
Having lost all sense of direction, Steve was falling. This was everything he’d always wa— Had he? Wanted it? Steve didn’t know. The kiss felt absolutely right and also so, so wrong. Their mouths were clashing together; there wasn’t anything sweet or tentative about it. Tony was setting the pace and Steve was struggling to keep up. Steve’s hands found Tony’s hips but he didn’t dare to do more than to hold on lightly. When Tony leaned away, he let his eyes wander over Steve’s face, still so obviously angry and calculating.
Andrew was sitting on the wingback chair in the corner and shifting restlessly each time Tony looked his way. Tony’s lips had turned up the first time it happened and hadn’t settled since. Once, the phone rang, and Tony had to forget about his private pleasure for seven long minutes and that sucked.
Stane came by Tony’s office or his lab every couple of days, ostensibly to ask him how he was doing, but Tony could clearly see that his real aim was to check whether he might be reconsidering his stance on designing weapons.
Again Steve’s world narrowed down to a single point: Tony, who was in the process of closing the door behind him, the door to a room Steve couldn’t tell how they had gotten to.
He patted Tony’s shoulder reassuringly, and Tony realized that on some level, it was working. Minutely, Tony felt better and he hated himself for it, but the next moment it suddenly hit him why the gesture had been so effective in the past. That early in life, no one but Rhodey had ever shown him any support in such a way. Not anyone who mattered at least. Neither of his parents had been physically affectionate, and while some scientists and teachers had expressed their pride in his achievements, he’d also always felt that whatever the accomplishment, it had been an expected one. Stane, however, was different because in his heart, Tony had considered him family, someone who supported him no matter what, and for a long time, Tony had felt desperately grateful to have such approval.
“Of course,” Stark answered, obviously too tired to hide how much Tony’s presence was wearing him out.
“Pleasure,” he said and smiled flirtatiously because that’s what his face did when he tried to gain the upper hand in a social situation. “And Tweedledee and Tweedldum there?”
But that was putting the responsibility on someone else. Steve had done this and Steve had to be the one to put a stop to it. A harsh, cold bark of laughter drove acid up his throat. As if that hadn’t been the plan the first time. It had been an accident. Steve must have momentarily lost his mind or why wouldn’t he have just left? Why would he have let Tony do that to him? Or rather, done that to Anthony. Again, he was putting the blame elsewhere!
“I like that it is tiny. It’s only there for my amusement.” With that, he let the pad of his thumb brush over it. He pressed his own hip into the mattress. “See? It’s perfect for that. You are just here for me. To play with. To make use of. Just taking everything.”
His fingers tightening into fists, Tony noticed that some part of his brain was weighing the pros and cons of pushing Obie down the lift shaft at the other end of the corridor. Then he remembered that behind the still-ajar door, Stevens was standing on duty. But it wasn’t really the thought of having a witness to his potential crime; it was the disapproval of someone else, the image of whom was painful to even remember, that Tony couldn’t bear.
The shower was short and perfunctory; Tony didn’t even try hiding his semi hard-on from Stevens or anyone else. Even went as far as to pretend that Stevens was invisible though it hardly helped. He was aware of his whereabouts at all times. Thankfully, the other men in the changing room were politely ignoring his predicament.
It was annoying that it took time away from advancing his plans, but he did need to survive Obie’s professional knuckle crackers. Thank god they had no idea he was Iron Man who in this timeline would most probably never exist… He couldn’t risk speeding up the process of bringing Earth onto the interstellar map more than it already was. That would be unacceptable, no matter how much Tony wished he could don the armor again.
Steve turned right at the next intersection and the other car went left. He did exhale, not because he expected any danger from a random white car in daylight Manhattan but because now they could stop talking about his stupid excuse.
It wasn’t difficult, since both emotions were true enough after all, since his bodyguards would most probably also double as his jailers or killers if need be.
“I’m not trying to shut the factories down, Obie. I’m trying to keep them running for decades and longer.” Tony didn’t even know why he was talking to the old man. Nothing of what they were saying right now mattered. “I know there are people who depend on the well-being of our company, Obie, believe me, I do know that. But I want them to be a part of creating something good that brings life and connections, not death! It will be very profitable, I promise you. The tech industry is a broad market that needs consistent upgrades and isn’t gated by the government. The future
Steve pulled one hand back to press the heel of it against his own straining erection, stifling a moan.
“I was about to say ‘my slacks’ but as you are apparently not useful for even that much… Show me your tongue.”
“I’ll turn into the West End, going back. If they follow us there, they are either really lost or a problem.”
There was no Steve. Not anymore. And the one that was resting in the Arctic was also the wrong Steve. One day, he would be out and about, a great man and the best hero, just not—
“That it’s all mine. As is your ass and your mouth.” He pulls Tony down for a kiss, and Tony can’t resist, not after he’s stated it like that. He falls forward into Steve’s arms losing all of his momentum. He wants to cry, but Steve is kissing him, and instead, he moans into his mouth. It still sounds a little wet.
Steve would never have looked at him like this. He’d never just submit meekly and let Tony smack him and order him about without saying a word. Nor would he let Tony rake his insolent eyes all over the feast that his gorgeous body was.
Andrew was taking too long in the kitchen. Looking towards the doorway, Tony was almost ready to yell for him to come back when he heard the steps and quickly looked down at his work. A moment later Andrew appeared next to him with not only a mug but also a plate with a sandwich on it.
He stormed out the door, and Steve felt some satisfaction from the sight. Tony didn’t need that jerk. Tony was going to leave them all in the dust in a few years’ time. The certainty raged like fire in Steve’s stomach.
And again Steve did exactly as told. Tony’s thumb folded into his mouth and the haze in Steve’s mind didn’t clear, but the agony of it died down. He closed his lips around Tony’s digit but was instantly called back. “I didn’t tell you to suck it, did I? You will need to learn to listen.” Steve’s mouth fell open again and Tony, for the first time, actually smiled at him. It wasn’t a nice smile but it was still beautiful.
After spending the whole day at the gym, he felt like a human being again. He showered down there and went directly to the communal kitchen. The day called for an early dinner and bedtime. No more surprises or unplanned incidents.
Steve is lying back on the couch, his entire form relaxed, propped up between a mount of throw pillows and smiling up at him. He’s gloriously illuminated by the lights in the penthouse; it’s night and the absence of natural light and its progression gives Tony even more of the feeling that he has been riding Steve for hours.
Andrew here, preferably on his knees… Would Tony be able to come while riding the elevator from the top floor to the lobby if Andrew blew him?
Without lowering his voice, Carmel said, “It’s your colleague who doesn’t know how a razor works.” He was obviously no fan of Rumlow’s tough guy look.
Maybe Tony didn’t think Steve was adorable or cute when in subspace, maybe he was pissed off at Steve seducing him? Maybe the obvious derision and mocking wasn’t a part of the pleasure but just… exactly what it looked like?
It was an inevitability. The way Stark was trying to get at Steve, there wasn’t really a choice. It was better than the alternative. The tension that was building between them needed a release, and if it wasn’t this, Steve didn’t dare to think what it would be. Tony didn’t show respect for anything or anyone. He was always pushing against anything that Steve said. He wasn’t a bad team player, not at all, but he had never learned to defer to another's decisions, to not be in charge of everything.
He got rid of his underwear quickly and efficiently, and deciding how to handle the doll and his own cock, kneeled down in front of the pillow holding Tony.
“I haven't been… okay, yeah fair.” Raising his hands placatingly, Tony sighed. “I’ve actually been working on them. Wanted to surprise you.” He shrugged sheepishly.
‘No,’ Tony thought viciously to himself, ‘no! No, no, no, no! Stop! That never happened! They never fought like that! Stop imagining things! Stop!’
Having dressed, Tony looked at himself in the full-length mirror. God, he was young. How would anyone on the board take him seriously? No wonder they hadn't. He remembered people still calling him ‘pretty’ at that stage of his life and meaning it. Mostly in a condescending way, but objectively speaking they might have been correct. God, he hated how pretty he was at barely twenty-one. A picture of naivety and selfishness. Tony made a face and turned away. The absence of the ache in his chest and of beginning arthritis in his joints felt good though. Going to work with a hangover, on the other hand? Strangely right.
WARNING for this chapter: angst, Tony being anxious and angry, and more sex. It’s still angry sex with muddled feeling, but this time you can see why Tony is the way he is. And I think it shouldn’t really trigger anyone if you read BDSM at all. If you have any concerns, stop reading when Tony tells Steve to strip and ask me on Tumblr or comments below. My tumblr should allow anonymous asks too. :) @serinah80
“Bodyguards are always a hit with the ladies,” Steve had no idea where those words were coming from but it was definitely his voice saying them.
As his fingers were drawing the lines on paper, his unease returned. The optical resonator of the alien disintegrator flashed in front of his eyes and the metallic taste of failure filled his mouth.
As quickly as he could, Tony got up, and not wishing to see how Stevens looked post-coital, he turned his back on the bed to get dressed.
“What?” With some effort, Tony dispelled the figurative red mist from his eyes and tried for some semblance of normality. “No, no. That’s okay. I’m okay.” He tried for a smile and managed to finally look at the monster before him without the insane hatred in his eyes. Hopefully. “I’m really sorry for the…”
After a while, Tony noticed that he was petting Andrew’s hair. He froze, but then he saw how blissed out Andrew looked with his eyes closed and his posture slumped, even though his hands were still behind his back. God, Andrew looked pretty.
Steve threw a glance at her over his shoulder. She was in training clothes. This might not have been a good cover for any other 70-year old, but for Peggy Carter, no one would bat an eyelash. On the tapes, she would later be seen to enter the ladies changing room and then go to the gym as she always did on Thursdays. Luckily, both locker rooms and showers were connected by an equally unmonitored corridor for the cleaning personnel.
“It’s not a good time," Stane explained casually. "You know how the creative types are. He’s claiming he’s busy. Tonight will be better. I suggest you can start by setting up your surveillance in the apartment below and assessing the surroundings of the building.” He looked at his watch. “Come back at… ten maybe? I’ll try to be there, but if not, you can call me if there’re any issues.”
