''I, uh - I called that doctor. I'm betting it's the same one. The card was on the sofa?''
Because if I had a child, and they were afraid - really afraid - and I couldn't do anything directly, wouldn't I do everything I could to help? Even if I had to rely on someone else - wouldn't I act with speed and focus to douse that fear with as committed a resolution as possible?
I don't say anything, but I can't honestly see myself eating vegetable soup solid for two weeks in a row.
''Okay,'' I agree. ''So... how about I just pose a couple basic questions and you both can provide your own take on the situation? Such as - what, ultimately, would either of you like me to help you accomplish if you were to become my patients?''
'Not. Mmnot big,' I plead with the Martian. He laughs against my neck. 'Mmm little,' I say. 'Too little.'
Maybe I need more of SOMETHING as opposed to lingering about in the land of deadened bewilderment.
''Well, he's in clinic now. If something is beyond you, there are others that can help,'' and I feel light pressure at my hand, then warmth. She gives my fingers a light squeeze. ''It'll be okay, in the end. It will be, John.''
''Shitty case, Lestrade. Not even Sherlock could be in good spirits with a kid involved. I mean, he's not that socially out of it. And he's not cruel.''
''In his room. There is an opening for a storage space, and he's wedged himself between two filing cabinets, and old furniture. We don't want to move anything out of the way with him hiding...,'' and Mrs. Thiesen trails off, glancing over to Mr. Thiesen, perched on the last step of the staircase. He looks over to me, now, his eyes red rimmed.
''So suicidal behaviours are essentially what? To you?''
I feel a fuzzy white noise start up in my head. I don't know what to even make of that statement. Eat? Sherlock wants me to come over to Molly's... to eat?
''Like John is a rare name,'' I gripe.
I nod my head. I know this. Well, I don’t really agree with the “whatever we please” portion since I am limited from doing just about everything I please right now, though I understand the sentiment of what he is saying, and that’s enough.
I give him a slight smile in what will be taken as - I hope - further encouragement.
What am I doing to scare him this badly?
''But is it?''
''I am sorry. I thought I had the correct time-''
''Yes,'' I say simply, not wanting to divulge any more than that. ''I didn't have anything to drink at Molly's, after all.''
I tapped my skull.
My alarm doesn't wake me up.
Not really. So it's come to this.
''It's my life!,'' Sherlock screams, his voice sounding raw. ''It's nobody's right to interfere! Not yours and certainly not yours,'' and he turns to Dr. Riley with a snarl. ''You don't even know me, and you are certainly not my friend!''
''Never mind, just forget it,'' I sigh.
My shoulders bunch up in apprehension.
He then lets out a sigh, and a moment later the door opens yet again.
''And what about the criterion that is most important to diagnosis, are you overlooking?''
A flicker of red burns up under my pupils and I feel a level of aggression, if not rage, that I've rarely felt in the last five years. Not even when I was still in the RAMC fighting insurgents. It is likely out of control by now, my rage. Totally disproportionate, and it's present now - and that's what scares me.
I take the glass from his hands, and put it back on his night stand.
I shake my head, mutely.
Don't push the yogurt away.
Eventually I fall into a sort of disrupted sleep on the sofa. My mind is whirling. Going and going and racing, and I doubt that I actually fall asleep at all.
''Do you feel you eat enough? Or regularly?''
''Sherlock?''
Initially, the coroner had thought the wounding had been the cause of death, and it wasn't until the fifth child that we learned that really wasn't the case at all.
----------
But if I start this discussion on a note that indicates that I don't really think he understands his own emotions, then we likely will not have any sort of civil discussion at all.
''John, part of the problem with these conditions is that at a certain point extreme malnutrition can make it very, very difficult to rationally analyze situations. It's part of what makes eating disorders so difficult to truly reverse, especially the longer a person has been suffering. If Sherlock is truly not accepting where he's at...then part of the issue might be that he's too physically unwell to proceed with therapy anyway.''
Sherlock lets out a hiccoughed sob and presses against his eyes.
''Doan go.''
''Is it?,'' he glances up to me hesitantly. He suddenly looks terribly young.
I look back down to my hands – hands that, just this morning, I had considered ugly – and I try to pull back and see them as something different.
Eventually, he looks over my shoulder - still not meeting my eyes. I see his hand flutter up to his mouth and gently touch it in a tense way. Which only draws my attention anew to his bruised throat and neck.
The taller man sighs, brushing his hands over his suit jacket, but seemingly accepting my words.
''Your doctor has discussed everything about the diet you are to follow? Your post-gastectomy plan?''
''Excuse me?,'' I say, in measured form.
''Please - c'mon, just sit down.''
HOLMES, SHERLOCK.
Eat it and get better and let's never revisit this hell again.'
''Can we try to have that conversation now?,'' I test, not knowing if I should still be playing for time, or facing this head on. ''Or some truncated version of a conversation at least? Because I really think we should.''
'No, no. I can't!'
With that knowledge, and his shrinking form, I started to make the connections more readily.
I let my hands brush against his lips, and he stopped talking.
''Tell me now, Toby. Right now. While I'm here, tonight. And I will keep you safe. I will keep you safe with every fiber of my being. I promise you that I will protect you, and I promise you that things will get better if you trust in me.''
''What you are,'' the man opposite me says kindly, ''may not be as greatly impacted by sexual fluidity as I think you believe, John. Most people are not entirely one thing or the other - heterosexual or homosexual, I mean. Usually there is a slight range of intensities and interests and some crossover. In most of the population, actually. You're aware of this, aren't you?''
''Maudsley Clinic, please,'' I request gruffly as the cabbie opens the door for me, before giving me a faint smile, tentative. Compassionate.
She doesn't comment on my choice, and for that I am grateful. A moment later Molly places another mug of tea to my right - which I quickly realize is for herself, and cozies up in an overstuffed love seat. She, too, has removed her shoes. Her socks are green and tan, and from what I can see - seem to be peppered with embroidered squirrels.
I shake my head in defiance.
''What didn't you mean to say?''
I want to know why.
I don't speak further, and he doesn't speak. Instead, I make my way to the kitchen, turn on the kettle, busy about and grab two mugs. Check the fridge for meal ideas and check the fridge for fresh cream.
Sherlock turns back towards the wall.
Shortly after he turned two, and I was nine, I came home one day and sneaked to his nursery.
But truthfully, I have prized my mind above my body, and while I don’t see all these smaller aspects of how my personality asserts itself as self-harm, Yuri says that I don’t really have the best handle on what that means, either. Because, apparently, this needs to change if I want to get Well. (When he says the word, it is capitalized. It means something much grander than any other word in the sentence).
Why did I let that opportunity to discuss his past get away from me?
I then grab a new blue Gillette razor from under the sink, along with my shaving foam, toothbrush and paste, and a 2-in-1 bottle of shampoo that smells decidedly like candied pears. I take the assortment of items over to the tub basin, before throwing back the curtain and fiddling with the taps.
''I eat! I do!''
My intake of breath is involuntary, and I see him swallow, harshly.
To be fair, if the situation were reversed I doubt I'd want people knowing at all. Ever. Even my friends. Maybe even Sherlock, himself. So it'd be hypocritical of me to demand he deal with this differently. Because how he is dealing with this makes perfect sense when you look at the psychology of how victims often feel after being brutalized. Especially by a parent figure, and especially when little.
"It was a confidence I kept! I didn't tell Mycroft any of it! Nothing of what you said, and nothing of what occurred, or my responses!"
''Internal lacerations. They had partially healed, so there was no need for stitches. They gave him an anesthetic. A sedative.''
His face twists away from the mirror, and he finally starts to back up, his legs straining against mine.
''He's...calmed down,'' I clarify slowly, in disbelief, wanting to know I haven't misheard something vital. Maybe I did. Maybe I got that backwards.
''You're a bit mucky right now, and I know how fastidious you normally are,'' I continue on, the volume of my voice so low that even if he were awake he'd likely have to strain to hear me. ''When you awaken, if it's before dinner, you'll probably want to get a shower. I got you some new soaps,'' I ramble. ''They are pear. I think you like pear. I noticed that your ridiculously expensive shampoo is scented to smell like pears.''
''Okay?,'' John asks, sounding almost disbelieving. ''That's high praise coming from you.''
-------------------------
“You think I should get a dog?”
I stand at the aisle with a couple packages of Finnish crackers in my arms. The parcel is red and something about these foodstuffs seem doable. Maybe because they don't look like foodstuffs I've tried before. It's a new attempt. Something novel.
I see him lick his lips, nervously.
I listen soundlessly, almost too scared to comment, but equally wanting Lestrade to be done with his admissions.
John busies himself in the kitchenette, aware of my melancholy.
''It's going to be okay,'' I parse slowly. Taking the time to enunciate each word. ''You're getting better, and it's okay to not be 100% right now. It's *okay* to be where you are right now.''
''Stay here,'' I'm informed briskly while nausea bubbles up in my gut. ''I'll go and make sure he's okay.''
I wipe my sticky hand against my jacket, and sigh.
I nod. The old achy feeling of distrust is making me feel sick – and guilty. John has earned my trust. More than earned it. But I trust him on a level that isn’t matched by the fervor and the insatiable clamoring of my mind whispering to me that I am wrong.
''If he doesn't want to talk about it, he doesn't have to! I'm not pushing my son. We will solve this a different way.''
''The work I do isn't meaningless. I study-''
------------------------------------
''John,'' he hesitates, ''discussing Sherlock in this way - it's going to edge towards something ethically grey in my profession. I cannot discuss what I know about him with you.''
''Stunt?,'' I hiss, ''I didn't pull a stunt!''
''Feel like what?''
''Ok, Sherlock,'' the doctor finally sighs, when I don't respond, ''let's go through this point by point. Were you agitated when you arrived?''
He squeezed my fingers so tightly that I am reminded of the tales I have heard regarding the bone-crushing grip of women in labor.
''But at one time there must have been something that helped you. You must have found a way to get that anger out.''
It's not just in my head.
''Time to turn off this big brain of yours for a few hours, Lock,'' I murmured against his ear, and I felt his fingertips dig into my back, felt the pointed weight of his chin against my shoulders.
''He gets upset when I eat.''
10 minutes later, the TV is on - softly, barely without sound - and I am nursing a mug of English Breakfast tea with stevia and non-fat coffee whitener.
''How did these kids get all those piercings? Don't parents have to sign for minors?,'' John asks, taking a bite of beans on toast.
''Not until you've eaten something and taken your meds,'' he warns me before he makes the pass. I nod absent mindedly.
And yet I know better. I know that to do so is only prolonging our sessions and prolonging the work we still have to do and would ultimately only be prolonging the time it takes for him to start feeling better. Emotionally.
I can hear Yuri stand up, walk around. I can hear his footsteps on the wood. Parquet tiles, I'd bet.
My concern, of course, is not only to ensure Sherlock gains some weight in the next few days - which, at this time, is becoming increasingly critical - but also to focus on getting him to eat foods that are highly nutritious. Not merely fat filled, or calorific, but also well rounded. I am hoping that this approach will also be less unnerving to Sherlock and will allow him to adapt to a newer dietary plan with less fear than the one outlined for weight restoration at Maudsley.
I guess, in an odd way - I understand his logic.
For the record - there is no Sherlock in this chapter (boooo! I know). It's necessary to link what is to come (a conduit-chapter). It's laying the groundwork for future chapters. And it introduces you much more to Yuri, and his style of therapy.
-asexual-
''I won't let anyone treat you in any way that brings you down. Never again. You hear?''
And in that momentary hesitation, my mind pulls up old words and old images. Sherlock in the clinic, pale to the extreme. His bare arms shifting about as he tried to hide faint, but still present, puncture scars from his younger days. The hard words of his file: parasuicidal ideation; mood disturbance; self-harm.
Clearing my throat, I sit up a little straighter in my chair almost instinctively.
I exhale, suddenly understanding that if this is just how he needs to play it, I'll do my best to follow along.
"'Sense'?," and his eyes are angry and hard, but when he speaks, it sounds like a sob, "How does it make sense? In your professional opinion, how would something like that explain me away? Go on! You tell me how something like that makes sense! How it could ever make sense, Doctor Watson!"
Since I had moved in with Sherlock, quietude was not something which I ever really thought about. Sherlock wasn't exceptionally loud, but he was always bustling. Always playing his violin, or working on an experiment, or clacking away on his - or more likely my own - laptop. He lived a completely unapologetic life, neither subdued nor even seemingly aware of my own sleep rituals, my own propensity towards introversion. He'd get up, trundle down the stairs, make noise, even yell at the tellie.
Of course.
Sherlock presses his feet together, sole to sole.
Sherlock startles. Places the book over his lap.
''What?,'' I snap, not being able to help myself. So much for my goal of being polite today.
John's now sitting as rigidly as his friend, and I take another sip of my cola, debate momentarily how to answer.
“You have a self-imposed schedule, Sherlock. You always have.”
I feel an almost hysterical cry peel out of my throat.
I give him a once-over, and as I do - I spit out anise toothpaste into the sink, then gargle with some Listerine. Spit that out too, while Sherlock half leans across the bathroom's entrance, watching me with a bored expression.
I clasp the table edge with my hands to keep them from trembling in anger, and Sherlock's mouth snaps shut.
''I don't know,'' he admits, voice cracking. ''I guess, it felt unfair. I thought: ''Why do I feel compelled to do this – to make myself hurt - when nothing happened to them? When I didn't even retaliate? When I didn't harm them back?'' Why do I feel like this, when nothing ever happened to them? When they can just go about their lives and be at peace, even if they destroyed my own peace?''
''In many ways...the situation is similar. You were and still are exhausted, and what you did was impulsive. You didn't do it to hurt me, or to hurt Mycroft. I know you didn't. I also don't even think you did it to hurt yourself, really. It looks like self-harm, and maybe we can loosely call it that. But I think there is a much deeper motivation here for you; I think you want the pain to stop.''
His curls are plastered to his small head with sweat. Mucous runs down his face.
''Says who?''
John looks almost angry. He's now sitting up and in the next movement has my shoulders under his hands, angling me towards him.
Certainly, I can survive talking about my youth.
My throat hurts, so I just hang up.
Sherlock shakes his head.
Sherlock turns to me, catches the motions, and pulls off his gloves.
I suddenly rise from the table, the tension of the last few days culminating into something without patience and concern for my actions.
''Boerhaave Syndrome. Adam's esophagus ruptured. He was bulimic, and had been purging for years. Since the age of 10, actually. One day, during a violent purging session, the intraesophageal pressure increased to such a degree that he went into shock and died within an hour. But not before experiencing excruciating abdominal and thoracic pain.''
What the hell is wrong with me? Divulging all that to John?
John nods to himself, evidently seeing or appreciating a certain emotional logic in my words that I cannot discern myself.
Stare at the rising waves of heat as they escape the cup.
Wandering on over to the bathroom, I void the accumulated water from my bladder, and swish a good couple ounces of Orange Listerine around in my mouth, then haphazardly brush my teeth. I truly don't have the energy to do it properly tonight. All in all, I still look grubby: my hair is straighter than it normally is, matted down to my skin by sweat, and I feel foul. But I also don't want to mill about in the bathroom tonight, lest John suddenly needs to use the restroom. A shower will have to wait until the morning.
John lets out a heavy sigh.
He opens his mouth as if to speak, then closes it a second later.
''I have no idea how to make any sense out of what you've just said,'' I reply in measured beats. ''But no. I do not understand.''
John makes Sherlock Ovaltine. Ovaltine makes Sherlock sick. In addition, Sherlock explains more about his past in the clinic, his difficulty with eating, and summons the courage to visit Toby in the hospital. He devises a way to get the child to explain more - without talking. Donovan considers that she may be wrong about her take on Sherlock.
35 years later, and that smile still haunts me.
''Thanks for speaking with me, Sherlock,'' Lestrade breaths out heavily. ''I hate to call you about this at all, but-''
Sherlock bundled the cloth around Toby's feet, and removed his belstaff from his own body.
--------------------------------------------------------------
John's face drops. He puts a finger against my lips. My voice steels and stops in my throat.
I frown at the question. Rub my hands on my thighs.
''John...salad?,'' she asks, and I nod, taking the serving dish first before I let it linger near Sherlock's plate, see his throat bob up and down in anxiety. See him remove a few cherry tomatoes, a few olives, about 1/4 cup of salad all in all. Then he liberally coats his entire plate in salt and pepper. Nothing else. No dressing. No cheese, or egg, or shrimp.
Because people let you down.
I asked him not to depart, and he respected that wish.
Sherlock flips the channel, seemingly ignoring me. I know he isn't. Not really.
I tighten my robe around my waist, and let my vision fixate on the mantle, and the skull. Take in the outline of its form. Internally recite its fused bones and plates. Stare into the forever hollow orbs where eyes - bright and quick and alert - would have once resided. Then I rapidly attempt my exit. I can see it in my mind: race to the stairs, race to my room, close the door, place my dresser in front of the door, for the lock has been dismantled.
Which means Sherlock needed to take the case, and I had to convince him of that reality.
"How about we try writing our names?"
I've been reduced to speak in the barest of sentences. Although my anger is barely tethered to something I can control, so that is probably for the best.
Mrs. Hudson actually giggles.
''You were extremely upset-''
''You have?,'' I prompt.
''I wouldn't change a thing about you, John. Not. one. thing.''
''You know what my plan was. With everything, and the food, and even with the work,'' he says hurriedly. Wanting me to know the details but not wanting to have to extrapolate.
Figure out that I knew? So quickly?
But I'm missing something huge here. Huge and vital to understanding Sherlock's fear.
He's mortified and his breath is a wheeze.
Right now, though, I'm still feeling the raw sting of pain - for him.
It's baggy on John.
''He's a member of our family. An ancestor.''
''No, he didn't say much more than that. Said he went away when it happened. Yes, like depersonalization. Uh huh. I don't know, Mycroft! No, not that. No, nothing like that, no.''
It's strange: you live in a place for almost three years, but never fully grasp how loud the floors creak or how much noise the cars of the main road make...until you want, very intensely, for everything to be quiet.
But I am so, so tired.
The thought seized me upon my first meeting with him; I could sense his conflicted need for someone to aid him and even soothe him, yet his own seething anger at his vulnerability. And a not-too-buried shame.
I compose my thoughts, trying to debate how to continue on without offending my friend, or without having him jump to conclusions about my loyalty.
''This is fine,'' I say carefully, not looking up. ''Just as it is.''
''Your-,'' and the doctor bites his lip, having no idea our relationship to one another, and obviously not wanting to overstep any boundaries or inadvertently insult me by insinuating that we are partners. ''Sherlock-''
''Yes,'' I whisper. ''Of course I love you.''
He nods, but still looks upset with himself.
''I don't know if I should have informed you of any of this-''
''Alright, Pudgey,'' I state with affection. ''Time for breakfast. I get it.''
I wish I knew how to undo the damage that has been done to him.
Something ails all of us, after all.
I sit up in the loveseat, feeling an odd sense of foreboding.
I sigh and it comes out as a huff. Because I know Greg is coming from a position of compassion and concern. Newfound awareness. And Sherlock can be a livewire at the best of times.
"But he was only a child too," I add. "He was bigger than you, sure, but he was just a little boy himself."
''Is he working on getting sicker? Because he has been steadily declining over the last few months. We have all seen it. God John, I may have been rotten to him. But I'm not deliberately cruel. And I know what this is. I'm not,'' and she represses an expletive only to more than make up for it a second later, ''I'm not fucking stupid. He needs help. Serious help. Now.''
I nod and open my eyes to look at the space explorer. He's not from my space fleet. In fact, I think he's a rouge Martian come to take me prisoner, and not a human being at all. That's why I can't breathe his oxygen. He's taken me hostage. He must have taken me hostage. So I must do as he tells me to do until my space fleet comes for me. Until then, I must absolutely not question the Martian, or he might hurt me worser. I must do what the Martian tells me to do.
He looks up at me rapidly now, before tentatively nodding.
And I feel for him. I can’t help it.
''Ahh,'' I say lightly. Of course she can tell I'm off my game. I'm sure everyone can. ''Just fine,'' I quip, dumbly.
Mycroft said that his affect had become flat, and that his concern - fleetingly - was that Sherlock had had a break.
So the only hope, now, is that this love will be sufficient.
Sherlock had resumed the sorting of his closet and the clothes within.
She deftly takes the recording equipment and turns it on, laying it down gently on the side table. Toby watches the proceedings soundlessly, and goes back to reading his novel.
Sherlock - who hates early morning anyways and always - is absent from the living room. Surprise, surprise.
If he keeps this act up for much longer, I am going to have a heart attack.
''Okay, so we are getting somewhere then. That's good. So you don't have any sexual or romantic feelings for m-''
I stare through John; through his kind eyes and his sandy hair and his solid form. Until he's nothing but buzzing energy. Nothing but particulate. Nothing but electrons and protons and neutrons.
''I used to imagine I was somewhere else when it happened.''
Some part of me is alarmed at how easily Sherlock thinks a drink of Horlicks constitutes as a possible 'dinner.'
It's a reaction.
''And you're sure it was drugs?''
Sherlock sighed, laboriously, and I tried to maneuver onto a new and acceptable subject.
''Do you think anyone else in the world would have stuck by you like your brother has, Sherlock? Has anyone else put themselves through this stress of dealing with all this stuff for so many years? When you seem so hell-bent on destroying yourself!?''
''You're my best friend,'' I mumble.
''You look... cozy,'' he says lightly, giving me a once-over. I try not to tug against my exterior jumper. Puff it out and make it cover my body even more. ''You look different.''
''I had him on the phone, you know? I asked him if he had gotten my letters,'' and his voice teeters off into something which can only be described as weird. Distant in a very odd, numbed fashion. ''Because I had written to him so much, and he must have received at least one.''
But I keep my eyes shut tight, like I did in the nightmare. If I can't see John, then it almost feels like he can't really hear me. Not really. Just sort of. Which isn't as bad.
I shelve my growing concern and do not comment when he shakes my hand off. With that dismissal, I amble over to the window and pull down the blinds until the room darkens. Then, I walk back towards my desk and turn on the table lamp.
Harrison was found on a rainy autumn morning by two patrolmen traversing the shoreline with hot coffees in hand.
''You said you loved me. Last night,'' he murmurs, his cheeks turning pink. Pink splaying across those high cheekbones. His eyes look bright, almost feverish.
Calmer than me.
I bite down a growl, and try to repress my rage.
''A coping mechanism?,'' I say numbly. ''No - Yuri - no...''
I hate how I am, who I am, what I am. More so as of late, but the echoes of past hatred are pure and vindictive and ever at the fore.
So why do I feel so frightened of being in his presence lately?
''Ok,'' Donovan says hurriedly, trying to bring order to the scene. Sherlock, with his bleeding gut. Sherlock, who vomited copious amounts of blood and stomach acid and clung to her hand in fear on the ride to the hospital. Sherlock - who seems almost frail and unnaturally thin, wrapped a little too tightly in his silk robe and pajamas, which only makes him look all the more gaunt: pajamas that slide over his meager form like water, highlighting and accentuating his recent weight loss, and the bones projecting from his shoulders, the ridge of his spine protruding when he bends over. ''We'll ensure that Toby is kept at home. No access to anyone else. Just his mother and father. No school - he can temporarily have his books and assignments sent home, and Mrs. Thiessen doesn't work, so Toby won't have to be placed in the care of anyone else. And we will try to determine who may have had consistent access to him. Okay?''
Definitely dissociative.
'Bad.'
I want to sleep for a week, uninterrupted.
''That's not the way you are supposed to show affection.''
My forever defense.
''Yes. Yes, it was scary. He sounded like a child. Yes - out of touch. Mmm hmm.''
''It's okay. I'm just opening the door, and then we will sit in Greg's police car, and you just have to close your eyes. You can sleep now, okay?''
''Stop it and show me! Right now!''
He steadies my hand. Doesn't stop me from removing it forcefully, but holds against it, almost midair.
I won't push him, no. But he's so shut down that he'll likely need someone to help him along right now.
a child on one of my earliest rotations. Long before the army.
''How did you two meet?''
----------------------------------------
She starts to shake her head, then stops, looks up at me.
''Good,'' he hurries to add. ''Good. Now, can I at least make you some lunch? Or some coffee? You can't go running around on no fuel.''
''I'm not crying.''
Topics that should take, he states, ''very little time to cover. This is mostly for John's benefit. So he doesn't worry so much, mostly about nothing.''
I start to scream in my head.
His eyes want to meet mine; I can sense that. I can also sense that he can't quite make himself do that much. Which alarms me.
''You're gaining weight, yeah? Okay,'' I breathe out, then look back to his eyes. ''You look like you've dropped weight since I last saw you, Sherlock.''
A few moments later, he's at my side with my dressing gown tucked under one of his arms.
''We'll do this quickly, and then you can get heated up again, yeah?''
For the heat of it? The burn of it as it rouses within me something that paradoxically doesn't hurt - never hurts, exactly - but feels controlled and assured and regimented?
Harrison had been found wearing a burgundy cable knit jumper with elbow patches in a tawny brown and a yellow and black checkered scarf fashioned to look like Rupert bear's, from the children's stories.
''I was just...God damn it, it was an atypical situation for me! You know that!''
I try to feel something good at the assertion - something that counterbalances the agitation filling my cells. I don’t feel anything like that, though. I feel…
Things haven't been easy lately, but I'm certainly not about to drop him like a hot potato. He doesn't have to seem so end-of-the-world about it all.
It's only later, as an adult, that this very memory fills you with something that you, upon contemplation, might deem as ''sadness.''
''John, I don't want to talk anymore.''
Molly mutters her thanks, then fiddles with the tea spoon, and it clinks against her mug. It reminds me of wind chimes, on a sandy beach. Near Bristol. When I was a child. When I was 11, and Mycroft had more or less just adopted me. So to speak. And during our first summer away from our parents, we had shared a small apartment in the city, which Mycroft quickly outfitted with prints of grand master painters, mobile sculpture in the style of Alexander Calder, and a small library populated mostly with history and political science books.
''Sherrinford,'' I correct. ''No G. I am fairly confident he will remember me. My mobile number is 44 20 7224 3688. Do you have it?''
''Look - I'm admitting it, John. I saw a different side to him today, and I know it doesn't change the past - but I honestly think he can help this kid. We keep him on.''
Why hadn't I looked these words up before?
''Do you see what's a bit not good about this situation?,'' I try, gently.
A warm hand, soft on the whole, calloused on the tips.
I swallow away a swollen burn in my throat.
In other news - I found that I had a terrible time expressing the emotion that I wanted to express in this chapter. So I am simply hoping that I haven't gone and made a mess of things. Or maybe, this chapter will work out fine. (I have been quite tired as of late, and I find it harder to judge anything I write when fatigued).
-------------------
''I understand.''
I pull his petite body away from my torso and stroke his hair.
''It's not food,'' I say quietly.
I look down at my hands when I feel something warm and wet pearl up against my palms.
Sherlock suddenly looks blank. Then wary. Then agitated.
A seagull has seemingly come into the city. Fluttering up amongst the blood red sky and the freshly borne clouds.
I don't speak for a few moments, as my throat feels swollen, the vocal chords stiff.
"I can understand that reasoning. You were trying to give him his privacy."
And he'd depart even sooner.
After returning home from Maudsley three nights ago, I went on an all-out cleaning binge. If Sherlock thought I was being over the top before, he's going to be a little shocked to see just how restrictive I can be of his freedoms when it ensures he cannot hurt himself.
And it seems to have been caused by the fact that I was sleeping.
''Sounds like a nomadic childhood, John,'' Yuri says thoughtfully.
I nod against the floor. I can't argue with the numbers, so I won't even try.
Or at least there is nothing for a minute, maybe two minutes. And then I hear Sherlock's door unlock.
Sherlock's father, after all, didn't hurt him because he was homosexual.
Sherlock shifts slightly, then lazily opens one eye. It reminds me of a lizard on a hot rock, basking in the sun. The silver of his iris captures my interest as I realize how sharp and burning his gaze can be.
''Okay?,'' I test.
''Are you cold?,'' he asked in confusion, and I shook my head in uneasy dismissal.
''No, John. I am sorry, but he is being kept in as low stress an environment as possible at the moment.''
Sherlock's face had pulled in, resettled into something emotionless.
I inch closer to where he's curled up, the room still dark.
I feel warm, dark, enclosed.
I am confused.
''I don't hate you.''
''I told you! I made it into something better. Something not sick. And I haven't felt anger like I'm feeling...in my entire life. It's new.''
'''Like that','' he mumbles to himself, looking thrown by my word choice. Glances back up to me. ''Have you discussed what he did? How it actually unfolded?''
“Oh, that won’t be too hard, Sherlock,” and then he turns to Dr. Davidson. “Fair warning: he’s just going to write coffee ten times in succession,” he replies, biting off a laugh.
His hands shot out to the sky, grasping for connection.
Did he know from the beginning that he had been abused? That it was abuse? That it was unnatural?
''You didn't intend to cut your thighs and your penis?,'' I whisper, and I know the words are harsh, and I know Sherlock is mortified when his face goes red and he looks down to the floor. ''How could ANYONE accidentally do something like that, Sherlock?''
Me. John Watson.
Guilt.
''Anything else? What is it called, do you think? What is the problem called? What is its name?''
The child whose rescue would end the death spree of an absolute maniac.
''Sherlock wants me gone. And Sarah has asked me to come to the surgery. They are backed up, so-,'' I look away. Because if I don't then everything is going to register in my face.
And I already assured him - assured them both - that I wasn't suicidal.
''Not right now,'' he mutters into the phone. ''We are shopping.''
He licks his lips.
''Sherlock, we discussed this yesterday! Last night in fact.''
Sometimes pedophiles redirect their perversion onto other children, sparring their own biological children.
He stills, exhaustion evident in his pose.
LOST.
''No: he wasn't hurt because of you, or taken because of you, or murdered because of you-''
''John,'' I beg thickly, ''I don't want your kudos just for surviving. It makes me feel...not good, in a way. It makes me feel worse sometimes, okay? I know that doesn't make any sense to you, but it's how I feel. Because I know all this stuff, well, I know it upsets you, and I don't have the energy to try to make you feel better afterwards.''
''I don't have a problem with anyone else's sexuality,'' I say, insistent. The last thing I want is for my not-yet therapist to take offense. ''My sister is homosexual.''
Too busy to help.
Oh my God.
and mycroft sighing, long suffering.
There is no noise for a second. My flat mate is undeniably digesting my words, my not-really concealed anger.
And old words, too. Something someone told me, once:
''Uh, no,'' Lestrade finally says, when it appears as if my flatmate is not about to add anything more. ''No. I want you to head home, get some sleep-''
His words strike something in my core. A flame of something angry and - yes - hurt.
So I do, and as I do, my fingers brush against smooth, puckered lines.
Sherlock's face is tight. The muscles in his arms stand out like cords. Corded, twine musculature. No fat.
''Come on, sit down. You look a little peaky,'' John says a few seconds later, when I realize I haven't responded. He suddenly is tugging on the hem of my jumper, and my hands clamp down over his own. Quickly. Without thinking.
He's breathing starts to regulate shortly after I speak and I cup his chin with my fingers. Feel the denuded skin - freshly shaven, and looking boyishly young, but sick. Wan and purple-pale. I feel the hardness of bone peeking through his jawline, the ridges that feel more pronounced than they should on a healthy person. Bone normally covered and padded with considerably more flesh and fat.
Then, I nudged him.
My face feels numb. My lips and tongue feel numb.
Currently he's attacking the top of a new Horlicks container with the tine of a fork, messily trying to open up the container. His motions seem almost frantic even though his facial expression is one of forced calmness.
I stare at Sherlock, not truly grasping what I am hearing. It sounds insane.
''Deliberately?,'' I say, trying to expel the breath that wants to hide out in my throat.
My brother rolls his eyes. Actually rolls his eyes at me in derision, and something inside tears apart. Like a loose filling in my tooth. Pulled or extracted or suddenly lost.
I stand up, knees weak.
I sit down on my chair, finally getting to taste my cappuccino.
Well, maybe Mycroft. I'm sure Mycroft would have cared.
Sherlock tip toeing around the house like a nervous mouse.
''I take it, you are inquiring for yourself?''
“No. Not to yourself. Aloud.”
''I stopped almost entirely when I was 12. Started again when I was 13. When I was 14, Mycroft put me into The Priory. I was there for almost four months. But I don't think he knew, because even the doctors didn't. Just that I didn't want to eat. But that was all.''
But it's assuring. It works at normalizing everything.
And suddenly I can.
YES-KNOWS
Something awful is crystallizing in my mind.
''I think I may have...hurt him a bit.''
But it's cut all the same.
''Of course I didn't want him to die. I just-,'' and he takes the nearest item to him - the kitchenette chair - and grabs hold of it - before trying to dislodge it. Before trying to throw it away. It's too big and bulky for that, and his agitation increases as he shoves it away from him in haste. ''I had to count the numbers,'' he whispers. ''I couldn't stop it.''
I take a step closer.
At 10 pm, I send Sherlock a text as a peace offering of sorts.
''Okay.''
John's eyebrows rise to his hairline, and when we catch each others line of sight, I bite back a smile. Mainly as he looks so surprised by the compliment.
"Mine and Sherlock's, both. We had the same nursery as infants," he laughs, but it sounds sour, and he takes an opposing chesterfield seat for himself, pulling forward a small cart before he settles in to the space. It is a bronze cart, topped with a set of brandy glasses and a decanter.
Sherlock's grey eyes bob about the room as if trying to select an item for study, but not finding anything engaging enough to hold his attention.
''So you think you feel...what? Something romantic for me? And that means what, exactly? To you?''
''Sherlock?,'' I wheeze, my limbs starting to tremble with relief. ''Where the hell are you?''
I paint a heart against John's back with my free, dangling arm.
I would void whatever was in my belly, and I'd feel powerful, and I'd feel safe. Numb. And then I would head back to bed.
''I'm proud of you,'' I whisper to the image. ''Thank you for having the courage to grow up so that I could get to meet you. Thank you for living.''
John is staring at him as though he’s speaking another language.
“Sherlock? Sherlock! What’s wrong?”
“Mmm. Thirteen percent.”
It was some weeks before the low mood that Holmes had spoken of seemed to strike him, but one morning I found that rather than breakfasting early and leaving the house on his mysterious errands, he arose late and, declining to eat, lay on the sofa in his blue dressing gown and slippers, seemingly sunk into a brown study. He answered my cheerful enquiry as to his health with a grunt and I sensed that he wished to be left to his thoughts so took myself out to one of the bars I had patronised rather less of late and availed of some help in whiling away the hours. When I returned to Baker Street, Holmes still lay upon the sofa. So dreamy was his face and so disconnected his response to my greeting that I might almost have thought he had imbibed as freely as I myself had that day, were it not for my weeks of covert study, which had revealed him to be a man of extreme temperance, fastidious in his dress and cleanliness, sparing in his intake of both food and alcohol and regular in his habits.
He turned towards the room in which he had been waiting.
“I am sorry,” I said, as gently as I could. Had it been only the day before that I had thought myself lucky not to face the same pressures as Phelps? I could never have conceived of just how knotty his situation was, in truth. How close I myself had come to choosing Mary Morstan, I reflected, when the person I really wanted was Holmes. Perhaps I could have been happy with her – and yet, despite the distance and the longing and the unspoken barriers that Holmes erected around himself, I realised in a flash that I did not regret my choice.
Joseph Harrison drove us to the station and soon we were ensconced in a private carriage on our way back to London.
“What do you mean, to defend yourself from criticism? I did not criticise you.”
John starts shaking atop him and it takes Sherlock a moment to realise he’s laughing softly. Sherlock huffs and stills his fingers.
There’s something wrong with his voice. It’s oddly flat. He should be fighting a bout of inappropriate giggling by now. He loves it when Sherlock goads Anderson into doing something stupid.
He sounded almost impressed.
“I’m sorry, my boy, I can’t wait,” he muttered, sending a bolt of heat through me and causing my member to twitch upwards, straining for his touch.
“John? John. John!”
Alone in my room, I allowed myself to feel the pain of his rejection, even as I clung to the thought that our argument had been a necessary one. I could not deny the torment of being so close to him, the ways my eyes were drawn to the long arch of his neck, the strength of his wiry forearms and the lines of his hard body, close enough to touch and yet unthinkably distant. And yet I made every effort to appear unaffected by our soured accord. If he did not want me to touch him, then I did not want to touch him. Yet, no matter how often I reminded myself of that fact, it did nothing to dull the steadily growing unhappiness of knowing that he no longer wanted me.
“Let us term it simply a duet,” I whispered. I turned my head as he shifted and leaned forward in his chair and then his warm lips were on mine. When he took me to bed, for the first time in weeks, it was slow and exploratory, an exquisite adagio that built inexorably to an allegro before reaching its climax. When it was over, I lay in his arms, my face pressed into his warm skin, and simply breathed. As he ran gentle fingers down my spine, half-asleep in the warm afternoon light, I inhaled the scent of his body into my lungs like fragrant cigarette smoke, wishing I could hold onto it forever.
I awoke three days later, thick-headed and nauseated, with the worst headache of my life and the sensation of warm lips pressing against mine. Holmes knelt over me, looking emaciated and wild-eyed, repeating my name like a chant or a prayer. When I croaked out his name, he closed his eyes for a moment and I saw that his pale face was more pallid than ever. I felt so dizzy and sick that it took me several moments to realise that I was not in my bed at Baker Street, but lying on a hard surface in a strange room. To my horror, when I managed to turn my swimming head, I saw that I was lying on the floor beside an open coffin. The churning feeling of sickness in my stomach intensified and I struggled to sit up, closing my eyes in fruitless denial when I realised that the body of a lady lay within the polished wooden casket.
When I finally stopped shaking, several seconds passed in silence. Holmes left his hand clamped over my mouth, continuing to subdue me as I struggled to regain some semblance of control. When at last he withdrew it, I murmured an apology.
Stung by his tone and his evident distaste for Phelps, whose depleted physical condition was, after all, not of his own volition, I responded hotly.
Our laughter was loud enough to startle a brace of pheasants, which took off with a great whirring of wings and snapping of twigs from a nearby patch of brush, but it soon subsided, to be replaced with more intimate sounds. When we finally dressed and walked back through the trees, the taste of his release was still strong on my lips.
They were still staring at one another. I believe that they had entirely forgotten that I was in the room. Suddenly unable to bear it any longer, I leaned forward with a pronounced cough.
“The why try to prevent it?” I cried.
Just as I edited my stories for the public, embroidering them with dramatic detail and judiciously drawing a veil over certain incidents that might prove damaging to either Holmes or myself, I also had to ready them for Holmes’ eyes. Even as I rejoiced in outlining his extraordinary talents, I took pains to minimise my own presence, afraid to share too many of my thoughts and impressions for fear that they might betray more of myself than I wished to reveal to my all-seeing friend. I wrote of Holmes’ height and his narrow frame, of his tireless energy, his attention to the smallest trifle and his genius for not only seeing but observing the world around him. I wrote of his unique method of deductive reasoning and the flair with which he solved cases too grotesque and gruesome for any other mind to master. I did not write of the way he often tapped out mysterious rhythms with his long fingers when deep in thought on a problem, as though unconsciously playing his violin. Nor did I write of his strong features, which I had come to find as compelling as they were unusual, the way his eyes turned stormy when he was on the verge of cracking a case, or the infectious joy that transformed his features when the solution finally became clear to him. I did not write of how, when he turned to me at the moment of inspiration, the solution on his lips, his eyes shone with such passion that it was all I could do not to take his angular face between my hands and kiss him. And I never wrote, nor allowed myself to think, about how much I feared that that only thing in the world capable of bringing happiness to the ruined shell of Dr John Watson was Sherlock Holmes, a man who, once he solved a problem, wrote it down neatly in one of his ledgers and never dwelt on it again.
Holmes was still fully clothed and the contrast between my state of naked need and his formal attire, upset only by the disarray of his dark hair, the wild glitter of his dark eyes and the unfastened opening of his trousers only heightened my lust. But when I began to roll over, ready to beg if that’s what it took to feel him inside me, he stopped me with a firm hand on my hip.
“I have many hidden talents, my dear Watson,” he interjected, hooking one long leg over mine and pulling me closer.
“What were your theories?” I asked, resisting the urge to pull his lips back to mine and leave talking for later.
“You’re okay,” he says, using the soothing tone he adopts with hysteric clients.
Appalled at the implication that my health might be too delicate to allow me to carry out such a simple excursion, hurt at his continuing reluctance to share with me the details of the case that was keeping him too busy to accompany me and unable to tell him that the thought of a trip abroad without him by my side held less appeal than remaining at Baker Street in his presence, no matter how distracted he might be, I reluctantly acquiesced. Holmes had several times asked me to help out with his work in some small capacity – travelling ahead of him to a country town to scout out the figures who might prove relevant to a case, for example, or serving as a decoy should he need to perform some action or other unobserved – but never had he suggested anything that would require me to spend several days away from him. The disappearance of Lady Carfax did not sound all that urgent, nor did it promise to deliver the kinds of eccentric details and seemingly unsolvable mysteries that Holmes found interesting. I began to wonder if there was some other reason that he should wish me from home. I could think of no way of altering my plans once I had agreed, however, and in any case, he seemed so pleased by my willingness to go that I found myself reluctant to disappoint him.
Put it back down, my heart beating furiously.
His lowest weight, out of the hospital, was just shy of 111 lbs. Close to 10 lbs lower than even I had expected, and it made me sick to contemplate how a man just under 6 ft 1 could exist in such a stretched out, under-nourished state.
''Pr'mise?,'' Toby lisps again.
For a moment, I consider reassuring my flatmate that I probably didn't need to sleep. I had slept the previous day. I am definitely not sleep deprived at present moment.
''Something to do with our mutual friend? How is Sherlock?''
But we were making comparatively little headway on particulars, and each new reveal usually had us cutting the session short since the very act of admitting much of anything seemed to exhaust him to a considerable degree.
I hedge.
''Don't you?''
A few seconds later, Molly has locked the door behind my flatmate and turns to me, her eyes burdened and worrisome.
Surprisingly, I do see several bags from Tesco's lining the kitchen counter. I blink up at Sherlock. He's currently donning goggles and staring through his microscope with a look of extreme concentration, which I can only assume is an act.
“Read it. Please.”
''Alright. Why would his interest in being or remaining your flatmate make him an illogical person?''
''I do not see how that is any of your business,'' I say sharply, only mentally kicking myself a second or two after I've spoken.
A tendril of something like newfound anxiety uncoils in my belly. I'm not dating Sarah anymore, and I don't want her to get the wrong idea. And yet males and females can be friends. They can hang out. I've always believed this. It shouldn't be this complicated.
I had told him that I didn't feel pain when I thought of my past.
John lets out a deep breath, closes the fridge door, and comes to sit aside me on the sofa.
''Yes,'' I say tersely, ignoring the ripples of pain in my gut.
He'll be concerned about my feelings, and not his own.
The tyranny of a mind besieged by thoughts that were ugly, if not even cruel.
And then I remember what he told me. Or the word he used - interjected amongst the others.
That was the first word that - in a definitional sense - owned me.
I feel cold. I feel tingly and cold and like I might very well sick up.
''It's important to let yourself off the hook. I would bet you don't usually let yourself get away with much. Not when it comes to emotionally connecting with people. With upholding the other person. And that must be tiring for you. To maintain that level of responsibility, all the time.''
''Are you trying to be difficult on purpose?,'' and now - another sigh. ''Okay, here it is - in simple language. I am looking for a competent individual who can create a dietary plan that will be well rounded enough to put John at ease, while not aggravating my constitution.''
"I'm sorry. That wasn't appropriate. Just trying to-"
''I really didn't want to go to see anyone and certainly not a shrink, so I understand that much. I definitely didn't want to talk to her about how I was feeling. I almost would rather have a root canal for the stress I felt when I first entered Ella's office.''
''All I've done for two days is sleep!''
In the next moment, he is swallowed up by the indigo darkness of the night sky. As wet and embracing as india ink.
Not the result I had wanted.
This quickly feels like something that is happening to me, not something I am doing with him.
Stupid, stupid John.
''Yes, it is. What do you want for breakfast?''
“The sense of rejection and all that entails when your biological father denied wanting to establish a relationship with you. The sense of anxiety that can accompany any shift with a significant other – certainly a best friend – out of fear of what could change. The horror that accompanied a brutal case, especially one with parallels to your own childhood and the grief – yes, grief - over not being able to save those children.”
''He helped me put things in perspective. He helped me realize some things about you, and about me. Maybe more me than you, but maybe-''
''And how far down do you want it to go? Those numbers?''
''I used to eat a lot of fruit - most fruits - a lot of vegetables. Rice cakes, hot sauce on them.''
And maybe he is. I don't even know any more.
I am ready to take that step. And I understand, now, looking at him in his pallid, ashy tones with sweat across his brow - why Mycroft was ready to take that step, too.
So my goal is to distract him. To give him a more soothing reality than anything he takes away from his disorder.
''This won't hurt you,'' John murmurs. ''I'll help you until it's gone. Come on.''
I do it as impulsively as my horrid, stupidly stupid beyond stupid unfriending of my best friend.
Sherlock squeezes his eyes tightly.
His hand lightly raps against my back insistently.
My hand stills, and I feel something thrum through my veins.
between two people in love.
''I'm not hungry,'' I plead, anxiety burgeoning up in my throat.
''It makes sense. Your blood sugar was probably in the toilet. What else?''
I give the side of his forehead a gentle stroke.
Lestrade gives me an attempt at a grin.
''I don't-,'' he clears his throat, ''I don't understand what you mean.''
Sherlock sits rigidly besides me, not touching anything, and Yuri doesn't speak of the matter.
And despite my attempts to give him his privacy, I find that I still traipse back down the hall and listen silently to the sound of his splashing, the sounds he makes as he brushes his teeth, and the sound of swirling water as it runs down the drain.
I know what John’s thinking, too.
"For a few terrifying seconds, I thought he was dead - until I realized he was breathing raggedly. I quickly tried to determine how he had been injured and sighted his medication containers by his hand. He was unresponsive, and I called the A&E immediately and explained that I thought my brother had attempted suicide."
''That feel good?,'' I tested, as I lowered him down to his back, until his head rested against one of my throw pillows. I encouraged him to let his arms drape to the side of his body. ''Just relax, Lock.''
I know what they have in store for me. I know what they consider 'getting better' to be. I know what 'getting better' means to them both.
"So you are half brothers."
And just like that, my nervousness begins to dissipate. Because if the mental health professional assigned to my so-called 'case' seems so raring to leave, then I likely have very little to worry about. If I play my cards right, maybe acquiesce on certain points - I should be okay.
Yet, I know I am going to fix that too.
Perhaps others would argue that I am, indeed, in love with him - as if that distinction somehow made the love itself truer or more 'real.'
Mycroft stops abruptly, and takes a deep breath.
And highly personal.
''Motive?,'' I ask, sitting up rim-rod straight, heart pounding violently.
But it's not, at the same time.
I still left first.
''Maybe four or five months?,'' he asks me, which isn't really that helpful.
Nothing but a gaping wound where eyes should have been.
''Exactly. Unfortunately the site of bleeding was too profuse to stem via the avenue of the endoscopy, and so we determined that he'd need surgery to stop the bleed. Another concern that I had during this time was the presentation of necrotic tissue. Not simply a rupture due to ulceration, but tissue that would need to be excised in addition to stopping the primary bleed. That was actually the reason for the length of the surgery.''
''Would you like for me to capture a message for Dr. Pascal? He could possibly call you back during his lunch hour.''
John leaves the bathroom while I strip off my ruined pajamas.
When I look up again, Donovan looks vaguely distressed.
''Regardless, if you want to speak to Toby, you have to speak to Lestrade first. You defy him again Sherlock, and I don't think he'll be very lenient with you going forward.''
But John is also very trusting, and also very willing to forgive. And despite his history of involvement in the army, and his job dealing with sick and diseased people - he always seems to want to lean towards thinking that all ends can be optimistic ends. Something I've at times envied in him. His ability to have some sort of hope that things will turn out okay, regardless of what came before.
''He just cares. Probably about a lot of things. I know he can be abrasive at times, but he's not without the ability to feel for others. He's not a sociopath, despite his self-labelling.''
While standing in confusion on the rocks?
''What?,'' I ask hesitantly, totally confused.
''I'll share something, then,'' John starts abruptly. ''Something about myself.''
Sherlock needs help. He needs something more than what I can give him.
So many untrue things.
''Well...it would depend on what both people were expecting going into the relationship, Sherlock,'' I respond awkwardly. ''That doesn't mean I don't care about them, though. Or that I don't like them. Just that - it's rare for me to be in love. But with the other people, like Sarah - it was a mutual understanding that we were testing out a potential relationship. It wasn't a declaration of love when we started. Sarah knew that. They all knew that, Sherlock.''
''I am not angry with John,'' he gets out in gritty and obvious anger. ''I am frustrated that most people are so simple-minded in their understanding of variant bodily compositions that-''
''Not now, maybe later?''
''Sherlock?,'' I clarify. ''Would you like something to drink?''
Possibly, I think, he's afraid of being healthy. Perhaps because he's never been completely healthy.
I bite back my retort, feelings mixed. Worried, yes, but also a little vexed.
Finally, an awkward, ''It was good of you to do this. You-,'' and her voice drops off. This woman, after all, normally calls him 'freak.' Mind you, this time she's still not calling him Sherlock, but progress is progress; I guess even his sensitivity isn't enough to totally negate the years of bickering and bad blood between them.
So I fold in upon myself, disgusted with what I've done, and yell at him to go.
''Are we going to talk about this condition - this alexithymia - anymore?,'' I asked carefully, the detective in me certain that Yuri had properly Named Something that was Wrong with me, and as such wanting to stay with this subject. Not wanting to lose my hopeful colour.
Every bloody time.
''You were – what?,'' I prod. ''Forced? Forced to watch something unfold?''
I take the book, and hold it to my lap and start to read.
But I am sick of thinking that I can't love Sherlock as deeply as he needs to heal, just because society doesn't accept what love really is, The variations and manifestations that are equally valid to, say, a heterosexual partnership, or anything else cleanly defined. And the idea, now, that I would ever back away from him just to protect my labels?
''I don't know. Because you are talking about a lack, John! A lack of something! How do I possibly explain a lack of something? That's no different from asking a colour-blind person to describe a colour. They might be able to intellectually appreciate that in this world there are things that people call 'colours' and they might be able to feign that they see them! But they don't see them and asking them to describe the beauty of a sunset or to expound in any meaningful way about the reality of colours isn't going to do a whit of good! Because they can't see things that almost everyone else can see! And I'm like that! Only… with feeling things!''
I put my head into the sand and cry in my mind again.
His teeth are gnashing away at his lower bottom lip.
John's hands slow their circular orbits against my back. Then he pulls back, grasps my forearms.
"I was too angry," he mumbles.
''Ward 6 is for severely disturbed kids, John.''
''Skirmish?''
'Sherlock - where are you?!'
And I push those thoughts away, so confused. Terribly confused, to tell the truth.
In some ways, it seems even more painstakingly drawn out than other forms of suicide.
When he turns to me, I see a few errant tears that have leaked onto his lashes and have made them seem darker.
I stare at the floor, my stomach still rolling. There is nothing else to bring up - I am certain of it - but my stomach is moving in waves.
It should almost be funny.
Sherlock's fingertips glide over his knees. Over his bones. I have noticed that he seems to touch the ridges of his skin much more often these days. It's almost as if - consciously or not - he's soothed by his thinness.
It's a foamy, sad, unreal pathetic-ness that I feel lives inside me.
His bedroom, as it stands, looks almost barren now by comparison. To make the transition easier for myself, I keep reminding myself that I have Mycroft and Yuri's full support in my decisions. Along with their support in securing a lock to the outside of Sherlock's bedroom door and additional support structures alongside the windows. I doubt things will devolve to such a state that I'll actually have to use said lock but it was something that was discussed as being potentially useful if Sherlock were to have a possible 'danger night.'
Rap once, then twice more against the frame.
----------------------------
''I didn't realize you could read minds.''
I don’t look at him. I just sit there and try to push down the feeling that everyone is telling me is anxiety. Free-floating anxiety, specifically – a rotten beast that pops up and instills within my mind this sense of doom, even when nothing surrounding me is going badly or testing me. It comes, and swells over me like a high tide, and blots out the numbness – which I have also started to dislike – but it doesn’t leave me with answers.
''Your body knows what it wants, at least,'' I broke the kiss, brought my hands back to his chest. ''I'm not going to hurt you, Sherlock. Alright?''
His eyebrows scrunch up, and he looks back to his now empty cup.
''Hey guys,'' he says informally, his eyes ghosting over my frame, over Sherlock's own.
The little boy does so.
I can feel my mouth drawing down in remembrance of what came next.
Feeling more. And maybe that's good.
Maudsley?
He smashed it.
I give his hand a slight squeeze when he fails to respond, his breathing harsh and his chest rising in sharp bursts.
And I can't take it any more.
Yuri picks up a pen and clicks it back to attention. It responds like a dog being called to a whistle.
'No Daddy. STOP!'
I'd bet if I were a nurse or an assistant, overseeing a procedure whereby a traumatized child is crying, and another adult is lashing out at the residing physician - I'd be confused, too.
And Sherlock - being Sherlock - could see everything he needed to see about the situation, except what I'd do next.
He's silent, and I place my hand on his leg gently, which causes him to stop his attack on the walkway.
In all honesty, while I can now admit to myself that what I feel for Sherlock is something different to platonic in feeling, I don't truly believe I have ever felt sexually attracted to him. What I feel for him is an intense emotional connection, with romantic highlights that come out at - unfortunately it seems - the worst possible times.
I've retrieved my ancient box set of what I call ''old school'' Star Wars. Study the titles, and settle on The Empire Strikes Back.
''Sherlock, I know right now that it-''
The cat looks up and over to me, then yawns, before bringing his large paws back down over Sherlock's hands; giving the man a cat version of a high five, almost.
Sherlock was the only one making eye contact. The only one answering Toby's questions, and he did so while staying oddly calm, resolutely patient, speaking in a different voice, a different tone.
I will let him be precise to a degree normally reserved for pedants if it keeps him talking.
''With Sherlock, it's just the exact opposite in almost every way. Heavily sweetened coffee, no jam to speak of. Definitely no clotted cream.''
"His teacher told me that he asked her... if she screamed."
Perhaps, in a sense, the situation is simply more complicated for one with professional training to consider; it’s a double-edged sword of awareness. I am acutely aware of the long-standing devastation that child abuse can create, and I have learned enough from Sherlock to know that his experiences were particularly brutal if not sadistic in intent.
Words have huge power in the world of therapy and treatment. More often than not it is the specific arrangement of words - the specific relation of words from one person (the therapist) to the next (the patient) in an order that is most receptive and impacting for the individual that is the impetus for some of the biggest changes in behaviour.
He does. Then the breath breaks free after only a couple seconds.
''Yes, that's intimacy to me; it's you - trusting me enough that you'd confide in me about something that scares you. And most adults, myself included, want to pretend that nothing scares them. We act like...to not be afraid of anything is a display of courage, of maturity. But to talk to me - to really talk to me - about something hard like this? That shows more courage than what has come readily to me my entire life. This stuff is hard to hear, so I can't imagine how hard it is to actually express those fears in words. But I need to know that you'll be honest with me about any reservations you have. Or else, Sherlock - look at it this way: I'm not going to know if anything I am doing is making these issues worse for you. Our entire interaction will be filled with me doubting whether I can touch you in any way - be it to hold you, do anything, say anything - because deep down I'm scared to death I'm triggering you.''
Sherlock looked at me, suddenly fearful.
Cruel.
''John. Wait,'' and this time Sherlock grasps my shoulder. His fingers feel extremely warm.
I push my notebook away, concerned.
Even I know something is wrong. I don't know exactly what. But I know something is.
I edge forwards - just a few inches, and see Sherlock lean away from me, overwhelmed. Almost as if he's afraid of me.
''Do you want to sleep for a bit now?,'' he asks softly. ''You must be very tired. You are fighting yourself on being healthy, and I can't imagine how exhausting that must be.''
''Come on, come sit down,'' she says softly, and her kind tone - though not vastly different from how she normally speaks to me - makes something jolt in my chest.
His fingertips continue to twist the material of my jumper.
''That makes sense,'' I whisper against his neck. ''That's not strange or bad or anything else-''
Tell myself to stop being so ridiculous about every little thing.
I reach out and tentatively touch his shoulder.
I back up in my seat, almost alarmed, and close my eyes. I then count to 10, backwards, before continuing on.
How could I have convinced myself of such an impossibility?
"'For the most part'? What does that mean?"
He's changing tactics.
''Yes, '' I whisper. ''Of course I will.''
Cluedo off to the side of my table, near my laptop.
I feel a weird wash of shame at my willingness to pass the blame to the only person that has really been there for Sherlock since the beginning.
''There's nothing wrong with my weight,'' I manage to get out, while he seemingly nods in distraction.
And John, thankfully - he gets it. He gets that I am not talking about Mycroft at all right now.
And John's message to me, several weeks back:
I stare at the lane. The colours, the words, the flouncy writing, the numbers, the prices everywhere, the size discrepancies of the cans.
Because I do.
He looks so purely apprehensive that I suddenly feel a slight surge of compassion.
**********************************************************************
I'd take Sherlock begging for cigarettes and covered in pig's blood...right now.
''Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out, Sherlock?,'' I say a bit more calmly now, not wanting to scare him off. ''Scale or no scale?''
Not really.
And I honestly don't know how to help him any longer (and evidently, I never did).
'You will not eat any of it.'
''Obviously,'' he said, voice all careful enunciation and shielding. ''It's never come up before, so how would you?''
I mull over my response.
The images came to me forcefully.
''It's understandable. The ulcer would have made you nauseous, and-''
**********************************************************************
And even now - even as adult - he looks breakable.
No, not voices.
Sherlock flinches, his hands coming to play with the edge of his shirt.
''You must never, never think that. Not even for a second. I love you. I bloody,'' and I stop, swallow the spittle gumming up my mouth, ''I love you more than I have ever loved anyone. Okay?''
“Aren’t you going to ask “what developments, Sherlock?””
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
''He looks like a skeleton,'' she pleads with me a second later.
''Of course,'' he admits, ''So this is okay then?''
I feel agitated. Keyed up. Like I want to run.
''We're discussing the case?,'' I ask by way of greeting, depositing the bag I had packed for Sherlock on the floor.
''I don't need medication. I'm not that bad.''
Although seemingly illogical, that's what I thought. If only for a few seconds.
So tonight, I turned on the tellie. I didn't serve him his food, either; I let him serve himself.
The man before me is in his 50's I'd bet, and he's wearing a hunter green cardigan. Blue trousers. Grey socks with those white tips and the swipe of red. The woolen kind that people use for those sock monkey puppets that you see on crafters websites.
Did he know he was dying?
I take a sip of my tea.
It's removed, almost robotic sounding in usage.
Now the black haired man stands up abruptly, and he flounces over to my bookcase, avoiding staring at me.
So he latched onto the normalcy of my statement with ease before he took a few more hesitant bites. Evenly spaced, fork placed down yet again between each peck.
Because it's outside of the realm of logic. And Sherlock has always prided himself on being logical.
I lean forward and try to stifle the need to retch, and as I move about I realize that I smell like warm piss and sweat.
''It doesn't exist, Sherlock,'' I insisted. ''Pain's not real. You go away in your head and it's okay inside.''
I just didn't want you to think that you had to hide this from me.
''Could have fooled me. You don't look 'grainy' at all. I don't think I have ever seen you with facial hair.''
''As is,'' I say under my breath. ''No. Not at all. I do not trust Mycroft's opinion of doctors. Made that mistake twice, thank you very much. Both times ended badly.''
''People who cannot think cannot have a perspective,'' he drawls, as if deliberately trying to test my patience. ''That's like saying that a single celled organism has a perspective about life-''
I stare at the little yellow tube of anti-anxiety medication on my bedside table.
Even in the darkness, I see John's face flinch in pain.
Press again. Firmer. My long bones ache with the force.
Yuri stills then, caught off-guard at the rapid change in my demeanor. His face breaks from its rigid lines into something even more intense, somehow.
TO : MH
John raises his head looking at the bedroom door, when he stands up and goes toward it.
‘What?’
‘You have such a beautiful back, I would kiss every inch of it’ taking more photographs
A waiter arrives ‘What would you like to order?’
FROM : JW
‘Mmmmmmmm’
‘What? No, don’t call me Sher!’
FROM: JOHN
‘Sheeeeeeeeeeerlooooooooooooooooock’
‘He saved your life, Sherlock’
‘Come back here!!!’
‘The room is cold and so is the bed, so he won’t feel that when he gets in.’
Yes. Sarah.
‘Me and John??’
He types:
Melanie goes toward the door with Sherlock, opening it “That’s Daniel's phone number. It’s off but...nobody knows what can happen, you can try and call him.."
Sherlock nods, smiling.
Sherlock squints down at John, ‘Mmm, you’re still drunk.’
--------------------------
What do you think?
‘I said no' Sherlock replies, still drunk, starting to kiss him again, more deeply.
John steps near him ‘well I… I didn’t notice it was for you. You know, with this weird font and all those....’ he turns his head ‘…doodles…’ he coughs nervously.
Sherlock turns, calmly “Yes...my brother is still in Baker Street. And I’m surprisingly happy about it, can't you see it?" showing a fake smile on his face, John and Greg laugh.
John’s trying to fix the air conditioning ‘I mean…we haven’t exactly found him yet, but we know he changed his identity when he faked his death two years ago.’
‘Nope!! Not yet’
They simultaneously huff, disbelievingly.
Sherlock, still looking outside, nods passively.
‘Mmm’ drinking more.
‘No, he didn’t, I mean…I think he meant it as friendship and he maybe thought I had some interest…one day I sent him a message when I was at work, I wrote that I had an hour off and so I asked him if he wanted to come with me for a coffee, and he didn’t answer for…..5 hours or something’
“You’re the detective....I don’t want other troubles...I’ll let you know where she lives, but I’m going home now” He walking away.
‘A friend.’
Sherlock is looking through the window, randomly checking his phone, thoughtful. John walks in, shutting the door, still panting. Sherlock turns, frowning surprised. Sherlock doesn't talk, he just looks at John, who keeps walking slowly toward him. “I'm going away. I'll leave London." he mumbles, still drunk. Sherlock tries to reply but John stops him. "I won't write on the blog anymore, if you want you can use it for your future cases."
The tv is on.
From : John
FROM : Greg
'Wh..what? I don't understand'
‘Sher-‘
John stands still for a while, embarrassed, rubbing his left hand while looking around, walking slowly toward Sherlock.
FROM: INSPECTOR GREGSON
He laughs, hugging Sherlock.
She sighs, gazing grimly at John. Mary strokes his arm, softly smiling as she inquires, ‘What happened?’
Sherlock suddenly loses control, falling on the chair, shaking. He stares blankly into space, shocked, not talking.
FROM : Greg
Greg clutches his sides laughing, ‘Oh YES!’
Everyone takes a glass Mary pours Molly’s wine.
‘This one I wrote was for my grandfather’
‘Could you please stop laughing?’
11 : 55 am
‘Um…yes. It’s…good.’
“Now I’ll tell you what you have to do if something happens to me, ok?”
‘I NEITHER KNOW!! THAT’S WHY YOU HAD TO ASK HIM!!!!!!!’ John shouts, then taking a long breath. He stares at the street, not talking
‘Sherlock, are you messaging with Anthea?’ Greg asks ironic
‘I won’t come with you’ Sherlock replies.
Sherlock rises his left eyebrow
‘It was my first time in front of a big crowd and I wasn’t still good enough’
‘Good!’
Mary takes a long breath, staring at Victor giving him a quick smile. “I could kill you right now and nobody would notice it"
Sherlock nods as he spies Woodley.
‘I’m f-ahh’ he touches his leg in obvious pain.
‘You can’t make assumptions without proofs, John is not interested me in that way, so your assumptions is completely wrong’
Sherlock is dressing. Mycroft is looking through the bedroom drawers again.
‘Do you know if Adair met someone when he was here?’John asks.
‘What do you think it means? Jack the Tiger.’ John asks gulping a glass of beer.
‘I’m fine.’
‘Yes, how did you know?' John stares at the man, clearly befuddled.
‘They’re useful, all of life can be found in the personal columns of
‘Not had the chance, actually.’
‘He’s a barman at the Ku club.’
‘Okay then.’
“It’s fine, it’s only me. I shouldn’t tell you what you have to do. It's your life"
John hugs her tightly.
‘No, he-‘
‘What do you mean?’
Shut up
Send me a message whenever you can.
Good morning love xxx
Mycroft collapses again on his back, John is exhausted, Greg’s still shaking.
__________________________
‘But she didn’t love him as much as he loved her, what’s the point? She didn’t even go to his funeral’
John’s in curled around Sherlock protectively, his head nestled on Sherlock’s chest. The bedspread only covers him up to his hip, leaving his arms wrapped tightly around John’s body. They both are sound sleep, Sherlock’s a bit sweaty, and kicks the sheet off with his feet before settling down again. Suddenly, Sherlock’s phone buzzes. John wakes up feeling sticky, he raises his head and thanks to the bedside lamp being left on, he can see Sherlock sleeping deeply. He scans down the length of Sherlock’s body, and finds the taller mans phone, just to the right of his warm body. Due to the brightly lit screen, he can read the message.
Oh, fuck...
Your wife sent a message to Jane!!!
FROM : Greg
“I’ve spent...years..dreaming to come back here, and trying to have a new life, a new job, and be with you. I thought about it everyday of my life. And now...the dream is over.”
‘Are you okay dear? You seem upset.’
‘How’s Jane?’
The door opens, Greg and Sally walk in, feeling the tension in the room, not saying a word. Greg goes toward the cake on the table, reading the lines on it
John leaves the beer on the table, running in the living room and taking his jacket.
Incorrect: You really hurt my feelings.
Sherlock glances at the phone with annoyance, ‘Hmmm…it’s not Greg, it’s…’
He stares into of the bar as he pockets his phone and steps through the glass doors.
'Thank you' Victor looks at the woman standing on the chair, decorating the wall. Molly turns, suddenly her face turns red, freezing. She loses control, falling down the chair.
‘This afternoon I can’t, Sherlock, I need to pack my suitcase for the holiday.’
JOHN : I...I just heard this morning, and I really don’t know what to say, I’m still trying to process.
------------------------
‘Apparently’
‘why are you opening it for me?’
‘His… what?’
Mycroft smiles at him and goes toward the door ’15 minutes, remember…’
'Do you know him??'
The man cracks a laugh ‘Yes, sure.’
Sherlock drops the laptop onto the cushion, and strolls into kitchen. He stops at archway, watching Mrs. Hudson arranging his things.
“I don’t need it. I don’t want to know. I don’t care, I’m packing.”
‘Why this one is rubbed out?’
‘I would like to have dinner… with you.’
‘Because you wanted to know about Trevor.’
"You organized this event and anyway, you got fired, so they can’t do you anything, don’t you think?”
"They invited us"
Sherlock turns off the phone again, and smiles.
‘Well he did have beautiful blue eyes and...‘
‘He arrived some days after Tanaka’s death.’
‘Oh, come on John. Don’t play this game.’
‘Yes’.
‘Can I see it?’
John, ironically ‘Thank you Molly, you know I love you!’ kissing her from distance
'Are you, Sherlock?’
‘I’ll fix it soon, Mycroft, not you. You lend me the responsibility to rearrange your mistakes-‘
John comes back next to the chair, slowly sitting down.
You’re looking up information, aren’t you?
Sherlock, standing next to her while she pours food in the dishes ‘Well… all his patients could want him dead, he was a witness.’
John ponders the idea for a while, and the says, ‘We could…just be outside the pub, and see what happens? I mean, we could take a walk by or just wait in the car?’
'Wow, nice! This’ll be my night Sherlock! We’re going to have fun, I can feel it!’ John crows excitedly over the noisy thump of bass blaring throughout the club.
‘Oh..jesus, I….I published the wrong post..I…I didn’t want to..’
‘He’s waiting for us, come on.’ John guides Sherlock with a hand on his back, looking at him a bit worried.
Mrs. Hudson is still motionless at the doorway, moaning and crying. ‘Oh my god. Oh my god! Sherlock, get down from there, please!’
‘What?????’
‘…….’
‘Why are you so scared about it?’ He asks smiling, a bit surprised
Sarah Sawyer is tied to a chair with a rope, she’s screaming while Moran is biting her with a wood stick “Tell me!!! tell me!!! Where is Daniel?? Where???”
Mycroft “They wanted a spy to keep an eye on Sherlock, and Victor refused. Sherlock would know if Victor had something to do with Moran, included me” smiling, sipping more tea.
Victor glances at Mary.
Are you sure you want to come? How you feel?
‘come on….please…’
John Rance is keeping a sheet on his hands, looking down and to the audience of people and press in front of him, clearly moved.
‘Come on, I love this song!' John shakes his hips at Sherlock while the track plays on
‘A Chateau lafite Rothschild 2005’
I'll be at my sister's wedding today. See you soon, honey. :) XXX
‘At 5:15 pm.’
John stops and looks at Lestrade
‘Yes.’
‘Where did I put that t-shirt?’ He whispers.
He’s with some guys
‘Oh, thank you my love,’ he kisses her. ‘How did you sleep?’
'Thank you' turning back and going in the kitchen
Sherlock hums, not answering
Sherlock doesn’t move, eyes wide open in shock while listening to the audio. He turns, looking at Victor's dogs: “Time to get ready, the show is on.”
Thankfully, John chooses the next moment to make an entrance into the office. Breaking some of the tangible tension, and gives an overly chipper, ‘Hello!’
"Victor was a human being!" Sherlock rises his voice, angrily. "Not your puppet! And Sarah! You killed all those people because you were afraid they could reveal your identity! You wanted to create a fake world in which you could live with John, and your son. Moriarty's son. I've seen him: you brought him to the cemetery when Sarah died."
‘I knew it.’
‘Really?’
‘We spent hours talking about such deep and philosophical discussions’
16 : 16
‘Antanarivo?’
‘About what?’ he sips the milk again.
The reporters all question him simultaneously.
‘No, he’s not, I noticed his manners on the bus and I already thought he was gay, although I was not sure about it, but the sms confirmed it’
‘Yes..’ he laughs ‘But this was my personal image of you, I didn’t draw you, it's just my personal view of you’
Greg moves closer to the window, and ducks his head to get a better look.
Greg: ‘There he is!’
‘No, never.’
“You got married! You looked like the happiest man on the planet! It was too late!”
‘If you need anything. Anything at all, you can call me. Okay?’ John sucks in a quick breath to steady his nerves, then swoops down to hug Sherlock from behind. Sherlock’s eyes spring open, and every muscle in his body freezes and John settles down into the sofa, effectively spooning him.
hey heyyyyyyyyyyyyy’
‘we dreams USA  from so much time and now that we’re here…….and noooooooooow’
Victor ‘Yes but, this happen when you’re a teenager, when you face your sexuality for the first time and you don’t know who to talk to or how to face it, but not at 40 years old. He was somewhat grown up’
‘Because….’ John tries to find an answer ‘He..is..Sherlock’
What do you mean you believe? Are you sure he’s okay?
After a few seconds, a small, middle aged woman gets outside the kitchen, hair tied up, wearing a dirty apron and a rag in her left hand. She looks tired and dejected.
Greg ‘You think he was sent by someone else?’
Don't pretend like you didn't see anything yesterday. I heard you.
‘I didn’t remember you were so good’
‘Oh, well it’s called honeymoon, anyway. Wait, does John know he’ll spend his first night as a married man-in a gay club?’ Greg puts down his drink and crosses his arms.
‘What of it? Everything is fine. You forgave me, I’m back and you’re back with me. You’re going on your wedding-holiday-thing. What’s the problem?’ Furiously, Sherlock exclaims, ‘There should be no problem!’
‘Do you remember if I had it when we moved here?’ He continues regardless of the silence. John rolls his eyes, thinking through the possibilities. He strains to catch the memory, mumbling to himself, ‘I remember it was there somewhere.’ He asks again, looking at her figure in the dark, ‘Are you sure you didn’t throw it off?’
‘What?’
‘I’ve never done this before either! And I’m not going to start now! You wanted him at home, and that means you’re gonna give him the shot!’
. They cannot be-‘
‘Stop shouting! Jane is sleeping for pete’s sake, but yes, yes I know. What’s the problem? You knew this.’
Tanaka disagreeably shakes his head ‘There’s a Japanese proverb: ’
I’m so sorry, I couldn’t come, I was in the bathroom.
Correct: Our friendship means a lot to me, and I really want us to work this out. I hate fighting. I care about you more than you know.
Sherlock’s eyes spring wide open, and he suddenly jumps up screaming, the needle still stuck in his chest.
Mycroft comes inside the living room walking slowly ‘Where’s him?’
John glances down on the floor, then at her, stroking her hair.
‘What’s the address?’
Greg returns her greeting with a struggled smile.
‘Well, I hope so.’ John giggles, dipping a hand into Sherlock's coat pocket, and taking out Lestrade's badge 'That explains why he still pickpockets you!'
‘You want to look like you still...care! That you still want to do this, but you can’t, every time you tell me you’ll help me after few seconds you suddenly have a commitment.’
JL : He must have been the one who told you about poor Charlie.
‘No, that’s the suspicious thing, he requested this room. He wanted N5 specifically.’
‘The Toast, Sherlock! Your turn.’
‘…It was worth writing, anyway’
‘Yes…we’re stuck.’
‘Because I didn’t like it’
‘Come oooooon!!’ John begs, rising his voice.
Sherlock, John, Lestrade and Victor are sitting at the table.
‘I can’ believe what I’m seeing’ John comments, Greg laughs.
Suddenly Mycroft shows up behind Greg ‘The minister sends you regards’
A cab arrives, and Sherlock wastes no time stepping in, John right behind up, looks up at  Lestrade peering into the car. He gives a quick wave and a grin, to the dark-haired man.
Greg takes a breadstick from the basket ‘You sure it was Sherlock?’
Molly looked between the two of them wide-eyed, ‘What?’
Sherlock nods.
Greg watches Sherlock as he walks outside, shoving his hands deep into his pockets momentarily before reaching out, and buttoning up his coat. Sherlock then asks for a cigarette from the men who are still animatedly chatting with one another, just outside the front of the pub. The group remains talking amongst themselves at the pub’s door. One of them gesticulates, and they all explode into raucous laughter. During which, Sherlock asks for a lighter, and they all meander to the sidewalk.
He coughs – ‘…
John stops and opens his mouth as if he’s going to say something, but thinks better of it, and stays silent for a moment. Then says, ‘Hmmmm… I don’t think I have time.’ He looks at his watch, ‘Mary is coming back today and I’ve got to pick her up at the airport.”
Are you coming to tell me bedtime stories?
I just caaaaaaaaaalled to say how much I caaaaaaaaaaaaaaare’
This kind of emotion leaves you a sadness that lasts for a long time, because you miss that moment of rare happiness. You know happiness is not an experience....it’s not even a feeling. It’s a brief emotion, the briefest we can experience, and it’s the most powerful of all. It last seconds, and the moment we understand happiness arrives, it suddenly slips away.”
‘Sherlock..calm down, I...I just thought that you two had to clarify things...I didn’t know what he was going to tell you- honestly. Sherlock, you’re behaving like a child! John said he was getting married and now you’re calling in the middle of the night shouting at me? What did you expect when John came to Baker Street? You’re both grown men, supposedly! I don’t want to be rude, but Sherlock...things have changed. You know John has a fiancee, and a lovely one at that. Not to mention, she’s a brilliant agent, and she’s not like other girls John’s dated in the past.'
‘Where’s this message?’
The doctor opens the door, Mycroft rises his head, he looks nervous. “Are you ready?”
Sherlock arrives upstairs, he shuts the door and walks inside the room: it’s perfectly cleaned. It smells good, everything is in order, perfectly set up. Sherlock takes the suitcase on the bed, and drags it toward the stairs, it’s open, and half of the clothes fall on the floor. He throws it down the stairs, the suitcase falls on the first floor. He can hear Mycroft shouting downstairs, then comes back in the bedroom and looks at another smaller suitcase on the dresser: this one is closed. He opens it. ‘Oops’ he comments, sarcastically.
What do you think this is
‘People on the internet said they saw him on the street this morning. Is that true?’
‘Aahhhh jesus!!!’ he shouts annoyed.
"Do you want to kill me?" She asks, provoking John "Come on! Do it! I lied to you, I lied all the time, I have a son and you don't even know his name!" They both struggle to take the gun.
‘Booooooooooored!!!!!!!!!!!! I’m BOOOORED!!! My brother gave me those damn pills and I feel like I’m collapsing any moment, I can’t even talk and think properly, I….’ he goes toward the big sofa and falls into it ‘I want to……do something, NOW!’
‘I did it! I mean, I’m doing it right now. I’m in the middle of learning everything. I have everything stored in my mind palace. It’s all in there. All the words, everything. Perfectly organized. I just need to kept them in the forefront and put them in order. Then, I‘ll be ready when I have to…to...apologize.'
‘Trevor’
‘Can I publish a photo of you?’
When he walks in, Sherlock glances down, trying not to meet his brother’s look. ‘I already know why you’re here, and what you two are gossiping about, I give you ten minutes to pack your things and come back to your lovely Pall Mall’
Greg slowly opens the bar's door, thoughtful “Mm...I can't see the light in this case."
‘Eh…mm…’ John rolls his eyes, obviously thinking. ‘Well they didn’t have a fight, it’s just that they don’t get along well lately… that’s all.’
‘Sherl-‘
John doesn’t answer.
‘Okay you made me get the munchies now, let me taste it’ Greg asks, looking at the desserts, but John takes the last piece and quickly eats it, and munching, still looking at Greg, says ‘All the bright precious things fade so fast and they don’t come back’ with a sarcastic smile on his face.
‘Sarah!!! Just tell them! Tell them!! You can’t do this to me! I’m at university!! It’s a shame!! I’m not guilty!! I have not done anything!! Leave me!!’
Sherlock opens the door, still holding it with his left foot and taking a cigarette from the left coat’s pocket. Then goes toward a couple and asks for a lighter.
A bit…just a little bit, nothing worry about.
“What the hell are you talking about?! Why do you want to go home now?"
"Run, Sherlock, run!" John shouts.
‘You should see how the assistant looked at me, she probably thought I had to feed a herd of kids.’ He continues to munch with a satisfied smile ‘well, perhaps she wasn’t too far off.’
Because you’re obsessed with him! You’re always comparing yourself to him, and I never talk about him, neither said anything about us, and you constantly make up wrong assumptions about us…… you’re jealous for something never happened’
Mycroft turns toward the minister
‘Oh my-’
‘What?’
‘Mmm’ he nods.
Is Mycroft there?
‘It’s okay, turn it down Greg, it’s not raining’ john laughs
‘I know’ Sherlock comments, still laughing ‘we felt so…..beautiful and damned’
“Yes! Because you're implying I'm involved in this case!”
1:43 am
Silent, again. They both dance slowly, listening to the song, every word of it, enjoying the moment.
‘Oh, so you did remember it?’
‘I behaved like a child and....I was rude with Victor.’
He timidly opens the door and sees Mycroft putting the hair dryer down. Mycroft looks at him, as he opens the door fully with more courage. Remaining by the door, hand on the doorknob, John ventures, ‘Everything okay?’
‘I’m not his babysitter! Hire a bodyguard who’ll spy on him 24 hours a day if that’s what you want!’
"But you were too busy caring about what other people could think and you didn't look at me!"
Greg stares angrily at Sherlock and John. Two policemen escort them.
I’m so sorry, I couldn’t come!!! I was in the bathroom, when the alarm system locked me!! and I couldn’t get out!!!
'Yeah, yeah, I know, but we have to blend in. You gotta relax!’
FROM: JOHN
‘Cab!’
“I feel..better, where the hell are you?  I was nearly killed off the other day.”
‘Hmm…no, thanks, I’m busy.’
FROM : Greg
‘Have you ever read the book?’
‘Okay, I might be jealous, but your face! The look into your face when I heard you said ‘John’ while you were moaning, it said everything, you understood I heard it and you didn’t know how to sneak off’
TO: Sherlock
John strokes his hair gently, and watches as Sherlock’s eyes close again. He sits there in the silence, watching his chest rise and fall, until his breathing gets heavy, and John knows he’s asleep.
Mrs. Hudson looks at the clothes downstairs, exhausted "What a hell of a mess! And this is just the first day he moved in! How can they pretend to live together?"
Mary snorts “Come on...it was just a scrape"
He leaves the still sleeping Sherlock, and walks back into the kitchen.
FROM: VICTOR
‘Well, come on, you put on a kilo or something’ Greg comments
‘Ahh come on Mary…’
Sally ‘Don’t move!’
‘Did you have a look at the surgeons list?’
‘Sherlock!’
Sherlock grunts annoyed, ‘Oh its Moran! I already know it there’s no need to investigate. Simple and predictable,’ He stares at the ceiling, muttering, ‘Quite predictable, but totally expected - boring!’
‘And that one was Sherlock!’
Sherlock: 'I bought the ingredients, it won't be hard for him'
TO: SHERLOCK
Did you talk to Sherlock?
‘Call the Police, do you think you can scare me?’ Sherlock comments, with a fake laugh.
‘IT’S RHUMER TIME!!’ An ornately bejeweled, geisha drag queen with a microphone stands atop the karaoke stage, announcing the bar’s signature event. A throng of waiters stride out from the stage with trays full of rum and pear shots. One beelines toward Greg and John, and places a tray down on the table they’d managed to secure during Sherlock’s informal interrogation. They look up at Sherlock who arrives just after the drinks.
‘By the time you finish the call your lunch will be cold.’ Sherlock calls, hoping his bold voice would breach the wood and walls.
‘I won’t watch a tv show that misinterpret me and all my cases’
‘Sherlock.’
'Yes, I’ve practiced explaining what happened. So that I may now approach you. Then I am to have an honest talk with you. I agree to never again attempt to never fake my own death, and if possible, try not to bring up the argument about it for the time being.’ He smiles sincerely, clearly proud of himself.
‘See you tomorrow?’
Mycroft fakes a smile, walking toward the kitchen to prepare it.
We know who shot you in the taxi, we have proofs. Moran's real name is Victor Trevor.
“May I help you?”
John looks at Sherlock frowning a bit, in confusion.
FROM : Greg
To : Sherlock
Greg turns toward John, who seems still upset
I asked you a question. Where are you?
“The corpse could be Sarah’s..”
He runs outside and calls a taxi.
‘Not much, I mean, yes, in some way they’re different, their cases are the inspirations for his books, then his stories are different, but some things are related to their cases, sometimes even the lines are the same’
They both spy a table on the right with five people sitting, chatting, and drinking. Sherlock is one of them, he’s laughing, and popping crisps into his mouth with a casual air.
“No!” He shouts.
Sherlock does not answer, continuing to play.
They hear the audience clapping hands from the basement, both rise their eyes and look at each other again.
Eyes follow John as he runs after Sherlock though the halls of Scotland Yard. One voice rings out, ‘Your singing was great yesterday, John!’ Sally Donovan trills as he races out the front doors.
‘Nothing nothing,..just,..you know I was wondering if you wanted to have a chat’
‘And...we’re going out tonight!’
TO : LESTRADE
‘Yes, I believe so.’
John looks at Greg and doesn’t answer.
FROM : Mycroft
‘There’s a beautiful part in which you’re able to see such beautiful animals, we walked a lot, but it was worth it, we even assisted to a cheetah attacking a gazelle’
‘Face---no!!!’
‘Sherlock! Did you take any drugs?’
Mycroft enters, visibly stressed, still panting “What?” he turns toward Mrs. Hudson and John, looking at the book “Oh...yes..Sherlock is reading it, I suppose, ...or his boyfriend is.”
Molly whispers at Sherlock ‘It’s your time!’
To: John
TO: SHERLOCK
The telephone on the furniture next to the dinner table starts ringing, it automatically takes the call on speakerphone. A robotic voice is heard.
‘This morning you said she broke up with Greg, right?’
‘yes, more’
‘But, you did find a message.’
‘Well...what a lucky morning!’ John suggests smiling.
‘It's Mycroft’
The host get on stage, the camera is on. They are ready to begin.
‘Sherlock’s special cluedo version: The Victim is the Killer!’
FROM: JOHN
‘I don’t know, I think about you two, you know…the cases…Reichenbach. After the reports came out on TV, but then Sherlock came back, and I don’t know what happened then.’
From : John
"JOHN!!"
‘Where?’
Victor is dressing, putting on a blue shirt and dark blue trousers with a brown belt. He takes hand cream while looking at himself in the mirror. Sherlock is sitting on the sofa, chatting with his phone, Victor’s dog is next to him.
‘Who?’
"Molly...we have to be brave, we’ll go to the funeral now, we’ll be next to her. We have to be calm, and act normal....we just have to wait, and be patient. That's the only way to win her."
“You killed a 21 years old girl....” Silent. Victor takes a long breath, trying to look calm and steady. “You betrayed us all...none could forgive you for what you’ve done.
‘WHAAAAAAAAT?’ John shouts, Greg jumps frightened
‘So, don’t try to do what you can’t do anymore.’
Greg “.....is it about victor?..and sherlock?"
‘Sherlock… Sherlock!’
‘Sherlock, have you looked at yourself? You’re a mess! You can’t even walk properly, your face is white as a sheet and you still have the effects of the drug in your stomach. How much do you think you can stay like this?’
"Or you can close it, I don't care anyway."
Sherlock stands up quickly and goes toward the laptop and turns it on, then opens the alarm system program
on him?’
‘Delicious fingers’ cracking a smile  ‘ahhh the good old days…’ he says to himself.
‘But he was dead. His dog is dead!’
FROM: JOHN
"Are you leaving? Why?"
"After Reichenbach you've buried Moriarty under the grave of a woman named Mary Morstan. You took her identity and escaped from Moriarty's gang, they knew you weren't dead, but for the rest of the world you were somebody else: Mary. You didn't kill Adair for the money, you were afraid he could reveal your identity. You got closer to John, creating a new identity just to get to me. Why."
He looks at himself in the mirror, wondering what’s going on, then quickly dries his hands on the towel and goes toward the door, but when he grabs the handle, he can’t get out. The door is closed.
TO: Greg
Both look outside through the cab windows in silence.
John is the first who walks out, Greg is rubbing his hands, walking outside, covering himself with the jacket ‘it’s freezing tonight’
‘I asked him, he said-‘
No longer able to refrain himself from the pompous remarks, Sherlock mutters, ‘NO. I’m
“Wainwright suspected something. He has researched me and therefore has surely learned of my connection to you. He did not know your game but it was clear that you did not wish him to detain me and so he did it to spite you.”
He pushed my shirt slowly upwards, surveying the expanse of stomach he had revealed as carefully as I had often seen him examine a crime scene for footprints. I steeled myself to calm, resisting the urge to squirm beneath his gaze. Perhaps sensing the urgency of my need, he did not stop to remove my clothing but reached straight for the fastening of my trousers. When he took me in his firm grip, I let out a low moan, and his eyes slid closed for a just a moment, his pulse fluttering in his slim neck. Then he was leaning forward, slowly, teasing me, as confident in his own power as I had ever see him. When his mouth engulfed me, and I felt the first sweep of his tongue, I finally allowed myself to close my eyes. To my mortification, a few slow, deep strokes were enough to bring me to the brink and in a matter of minutes I felt myself tense all over, unable to hold back any longer. Uncannily attuned to my every move, Holmes ceased his ministrations for a moment and drew back, kneeling between my legs.
“You would not be human were you not. It is my damnable pride that made me want to defend myself from your criticism, but it was thoughtlessly done. Please believe me when I say that I have no wish to discomfort or hurt you. I have learned from experience that to speak as I did to a friend almost always means the loss of him. I pray that in this instance you will find it in your heart to forgive me.”
He gave a noncommittal hum that indicated he was awake. It was not an encouraging sound but, against my better judgement, I found myself unable to keep silent.
“I stumbled when I was about to dodge her and I wasn’t quick enough.”
“If you wish to send me a bill for your services, you know where to find me,” I said, hating myself, hating him.
Finally, he turned the full force of his attention to the corpse whose murder he was tasked with avenging. While Gregson and Lestrade had already made their initial examinations, I can only assume that they had determined the man dead, ascertained that he had no visible injuries, searched for some means of identifying the victim and ended their investigation there. Holmes’ examination, by contrast, was extensive and startlingly intimate. I watched his dexterous fingers roam the corpse from one end to the other, squeezing limbs, pressing clammy skin, unbuttoning clothes and manipulating the corpse’s stiffening limbs. When, as a final touch, he leaned forward to smell the unfortunate man’s lips, I saw the two inspectors flinch, as though in disgust. For my part, I was fascinated. It was as if the rest of us had ceased to exist for Holmes the moment he stepped into the room. This strange process, whatever its goal, concerned only him, the body of the murdered man and the absent criminal on whose tail he was now bent. His singular focus and determination were reflected in every line of his body, in the set of his stern jaw and in his eyes, which looked almost black in the murky light and were filled with an almost feverish gleam. For a moment, I allowed myself to imagine how it would feel to be the object of that unrelenting focus and I felt myself shiver with a strange mixture of longing and fear.
“Morphine,” I said flatly. “How much did you take?”
Holmes was silent, studying my face. I found that I was breathing fast, light-headed with exhaustion and dismay.
He raised one perfect eyebrow at me, already on his feet and turning away towards his bedroom door. Despite myself, I followed at his heels.
“Do not apologise,” he said. “It was no hardship. The fever has broken but you must drink plenty of water. Your temperature was dangerously high.”
“Most interesting,” he said, as I came to the end of my recital. We were not yet in sight of the house and I waited for him to say more, but he lapsed into silence, staring into the distance.
“You do not agree with the author’s theories?”
“Thank you.”
“Far from it,” he replied. “She will call on us at Baker Street tomorrow morning. She professes to believe that we can come to an arrangement.”
When his client left, the detective sat in thought for some minutes, tapping the stem of his pipe against his shapely lips in a very distracting way, though for once, I believe, he was too preoccupied to be aware of the effect he was having on me. At last he stood up and announced that he was going to see Miss Adler. He did not invite me to join him. As I always did when he excluded me from his outings, I affected not to mind. And, as I always did, I paced the floor of our flat for an hour, wondering what he was doing and why he had not wished me to accompany him, before taking myself out to a bar. I could not bear to be left alone in the flat with nothing to occupy my mind when Holmes was out on a case. My lack of ability to tolerate enforced idleness in that respect was, as he had intimated during our fight, not so very far from his own.
“Isn’t that what people do?”
“What is it?” I slurred, half-mired in sleep. “Holmes, get into bed.”
“You were there too,” he manages to say, his voice raw. “If anything it would have been a murder-suicide.”
“I do not doubt it,” said Holmes. He sounded more like his old self, but his eyes shone feverishly in his pale face. Belatedly, I perceived that he was almost as angry as I was. “You forget that I have known from the beginning of our acquaintance exactly what you suffer, and I have never questioned your methods of dealing with it. As I told you the first time we argued, nothing you do will cause me to lose my regard for you. And yet I knew from the beginning that once you came to know me better you would not wish to become any further entangled with me. So why are you not engaged?”
Alone in the cold cellar, lit only with the muted glow of a dark lantern, we sat across from one another on a couple of wooden crates, which, Holmes informed me, held a life-changing fortune in French gold. I set my revolver close at hand and Holmes laid his hunting crop across his knees, as though ready to spring into action at any moment, though I could not imagine what threat he expected to encounter in the damp, heavily fortified cellar. When he bade me put the screen over the lamp, I obliged with a frisson of regret, not because I feared to sit in the dark, but because I had determined to speak with him at last and I very much desired to see his face.
Holmes readied himself for sleep and lay down in the undisturbed bed. I slid between the sheets of the other, from which all traces of our encounter had been carefully erased. I was so tired that my whole body was aching but I had never felt further from sleep. The image of the snake coiled around the dead man’s head rose again behind my eyes, followed by Holmes’ rictus of horror as he stared at me over the second match. I knew that if I did manage to sleep, my dreams were certain to be filled with terror. It struck me then that perhaps it would after all be best if I did not succumb to slumber. Despite Holmes’ presence during my fever and his knowledge of my nightmares, I had no wish for him to witness me in their grip for a second time. I lay still, listening. His breathing was quiet and even, but I did not think he was asleep.
It was Miss Harrison who broke the increasingly tense silence at last.
“See here!” ejaculated the inspector triumphantly. “What beggar is in possession of such fine clothes? He has murdered your friend and cast his body from the window, keeping the clothes for himself.”
“I believe that his actions were driven by sentiment,” replied Holmes. “Although he professed to support your engagement to his sister, I suspect that in fact he was rather violently opposed to the match. People are not, after all, always very rational when it comes to matters of the heart, particularly when they feel that they have a prior claim. Heartbreak, I have found, often inspires a lust for revenge, and revenge is among the most common motives for any crime - second perhaps only to greed. In this instance, I believe that Harrison was fuelled by both. The treaty would be, after all, very valuable in the right hands, but I believe his primary purpose in taking it – a decision he made with very little forethought when he found it upon your desk – was to ensure that he had reason to oppose your marriage.”
All that afternoon we spent in the grounds of Baskerville Hall, alone and free, as though what we were doing was not dangerous, as though we had no need to fear discovery and ruin, no threat of ostracism or exile or a criminal conviction followed by hard labour hanging over our heads. We swam in the cool, clear waters of the lake, washing the traces of lovemaking from our bodies, and lay to dry side by side on the grassy bank, the sun warm on our skin, talking in a low pitch and laughing as though the moment would last forever.
Holmes turned to me, letting his hand slide to my shoulder and meeting my murky green eyes with his piercing grey ones.
“You truly did not know how I felt? I thought that you must. After all, you knew about the drinking and the nightmares and the fact that I wanted you from the first moment I saw you. How could you fail to see how I felt about you?”
“I object to rows because my nerves are shaken up,” I said, “and I get up at all sorts of ungodly hours, and I am extremely lazy. I have another set of vices when I’m well, but those are the principal ones at present.”
Sherlock ends up in hospital and John sits by his bedside all night, pale and old under the lights. When they get home, the next afternoon, he helps Sherlock to the sofa and slumps down in his own chair, folded in on himself like crushed origami.
“For leaving you. I never intended to be gone so long. Whitney had never stayed so long in the den before and I could not leave him alone. I attempted to send you a message via the attendant, but it seems it never arrived.”
“Braggart,” I said, reflexively, my tone unmistakably soft. Holmes’ answering smile proved his thesis. Its brilliance left me momentarily breathless and quite distracted me from my attempt to determine if I had just been paid a compliment or dealt an insult. We walked the final stretch to the house in silence, a spreading warmth in my chest.
“Do you trust me?” Holmes asked, and there was a searching look in his restless grey eyes, as though the question struck deeper than this peculiar circumstance.
In the cab on the way to our mysterious meeting, Holmes leaned back against the seat, unusually disengaged. He was in an odd humour and his face looked drawn and somewhat paler than usual. I made several attempts to engage him in the conversation between myself and Miss Morstan, but he maintained his implacable silence and eventually I left him to his thoughts and the contents of his notebook, which he soon began to study with great concentration. Throughout the evening, he maintained this uncharacteristic coolness and reserve, leaving me to entertain Miss Morstan with, I confess, somewhat fanciful stories of my adventures in India and Afghanistan. I could not fail to notice that Holmes’ unusual silence provided the perfect circumstances for the two of us to grow closer. I knew, knowing Holmes as I did, that he did nothing without good reason.
“Right. Well.”
“You told me that you needed me,” he said, running one hand over my back.
“Do you see any prospect of solving this mystery, Mr Holmes?” she said, a trifle brusquely.
“The way you cried out, I thought you were in danger,” I said stiffly.
“Sherlock.”
Holmes had never spoken to me thus and I believe my surprise and happiness showed on my face because he leaned down and kissed me softly. It was not like any kiss we had shared before and it sent a rush of warmth through me, like the glow after the first sip of a fine Scotch. I had never imaged that Sherlock Holmes could kiss me so gently or with such simple affection.
“I am angry with myself for behaving in a manner that caused you to keep from me the one thing that I most wished to hear.”
“So I see,” he remarked.
Strong hands were lifting my head and then a glass of cool water was pressed to my lips. Someone was peeling my soaked pyjamas from my body and I felt the cool air on my skin. My sweat-soaked hair was pushed gently back from my forehead and replaced with a cool, damp cloth.
“Watson, when you reach London you would oblige me by driving at once to Baker Street with our friend here and remaining with him until I see you again. It is fortunate that you are old school fellows, as you must have much to talk over,” he said.
Phelps was alone in his airless convalescent room when Harrison showed me in. He half rose when I entered, his hand outstretched towards me, and then fell back onto the sofa as though exhausted. His face seemed even more drawn and pallid than the previous day and as a medical man I felt concern stir within me at the sight of him. Harrison soon left us alone together and Phelps began to speak in a harried, distracted way of this and that, harking back to our schooldays and remarking on the current professions of some of our fellows, many of whom I had lost touch with over the years. I grew increasingly confused as his rambling recollections continued and eventually, when it seemed that he had neither the inclination to pause in his speech, nor to explain the reason for his summons, I interrupted him mid-flow.
“Experiment,” he says.
Unable to summon words, struggling to resist the slow, insistent push of him inside me, I shook my head.
“I am unaffected,” I said, knowing that the lie was as clear in my voice as it doubtless was on my face.
“I’m here,” I told him, unthinkingly taking one of his large hands in mine. “What happened? Have you been poisoned?”
In the hansom, Holmes was still uncharacteristically silent. When I reached absently for his hand, he snatched it back as though my touch had burned him. Only then did I notice that his slender fingers were mangled and stained with blood and that his nails were torn and jagged.
“I estimated the distance and our combined weights and calculated that the impact would be enough to cause significant bruising – maybe a couple of broken ribs – but the risk of fatality was minimal. Particularly given I made sure he landed first.”
“But he has no reason to pity you,” I whispered into his hair.
Holmes gave a bitter laugh, looking away from me. “You did not notice,” he muttered. “I should have known. Your lack of observational skill has hardly failed to impress itself upon me.”
“Forget it. It’s fine.”
“Incredible but unwelcome,” he said. “Do not try to convince me that I have not discomforted you with my foolish wish to demonstrate my talents, my dear fellow.”
“I find that I have become rather addicted to surprising you,” he said. “Though I cannot say it's something I have ever taken particular pains to do for anyone else.”
I watched as she brought Holmes tea and tenderly wiped the blood from his forehead with a soft cloth. I tensed when I saw her slender, feminine hand cup his angular jaw and skim the line of his high cheekbone as she ministered to him. Holmes' eyes were fixed firmly on her face. When she finished wiping away the blood and set the cloth aside, she allowed her hand to linger on at his temple as she stared back at him. Their faces were inches apart. For several long seconds, neither of them moved. The intimacy of their locked gazes took my breath away. Suddenly, Holmes made a gesture as though he were choking, raising one long arm in what I knew was a signal to me. I threw the rocket into the room, shouting “Fire!” and in the thick cloud of smoke I lost sight of both Holmes and the woman he had set himself to outsmart.
I cut him off with a kiss that caught him mid-sentence, mindless with need. I was slowly growing accustomed to the astounding fact that Holmes truly wanted me with the same fervour as I wanted him, but he had never before admitted to having such thoughts about me. I had not known whether or not he had considered engaging in such acts before the night that I first kissed him. The thought of him taking his cock in his hand and pleasuring himself to fantasies of me on my knees as I did the same upstairs, my mind preoccupied with a very similar scenario, was painfully arousing. Drawing back, breathless and aching, I caught his face in my hands, realising suddenly that I would never forgive myself if I passed up the opportunities afforded by his uncharacteristically communicative mood.
“Perhaps we should arrange to perform a duet,” she purred.
“But how?” I cried. “Who will intervene if it is not to be me and you are to remain here?”
“I seem to have developed a taste for danger in these last few months,” I said, as lightly as I could. I raised it to my lips and kissed his knuckles. “You must allow me to clean and bandage your hands. Just as soon as I assure you that a life spent with Miss Morstan or anyone else of my acquaintance pales in comparison to the one I believe I might have with you. Why do you think I hated the woman so much?”
“You looked dead!” he shouted suddenly, cutting across my speech with such urgency that I fell silent despite myself. “You should have died. When I touched your lips with mine it was like kissing your corpse. I was trying to breathe life into you and it felt like the undoing of every touch we have ever shared. Next time maybe you won't wake up. Don't you understand what that would do –”
“Mr Holmes,” she said, turning back to my friend. “I believe that you are empowered to negotiate on behalf of your client.”
“I will take the case,” he said. “It is apparent that your friend ‘Tadpole’ is in dire need of assistance. If you are ready, let us start at once for Woking.”
“You knew how.”
“Not in the slightest,” he said, and I believe he was teasing me, just a little.
“I want to tell you the truth”
Mycroft snorts annoyed, rolling his eyes, whispering ‘Dear lord…’
To: Mycroft
‘What’
‘Okay, now don’t lose heart, we just need to start again.’
Sherlock snaps starting to talk fast in a sarcastic and nervous tone ‘The ones Mary posted on Facebook, Molly, it’s quite strange you didn’t see them, since you’re always on that website, 24 hours a day, plus Mary liked to post a picture every 2 minutes in all the possible places and positions, in case NOBODY couldn’t know they went in wedding holidays’
From : John
Sherlock stands still, thinking
"So,...we're finally here...me and you, the final game."
Mary, her eyes closed, hands under her cheek, replied, ‘You had it, right?’
‘Okay’ John opens the door ‘See you tonight, then!’
TO: SHERLOCK
‘I just wanted to make sur-’
‘If you want…’
Sherlock takes the needle by his right hand and quickly removes it, allowing the blood to flow. Mycroft stands up slowly, limbs quivering. He goes to Sherlock, grabbing his younger sibling by the scuffed collar of his shirt. With the left hand on his back Mycroft forces Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock, out of control, falls against his elder brother.
Sherlock sits up, glances around, searching for John. When he there is no sign of him, he takes a few deep breath.
Reading: ‘<<I walked the street of love, and was fall of tears>>…..ohhh, poetry…’
John laughs sarcastically “What a coincidence” sipping his beer.
‘Sherlock’s app, that insult you each time you play it’
She knocks at the door, slowly walking in, peering at Greg, who's focused on reading documents on his desk.
Greg “Such a clever guy Sherlock’s brother, isn’t he?” smiling at John
‘Greg, can you bring Jane tonight?’ Mary asks.
Greg whistles and claps profusely as the music ends.
'You didn't expect Sherlock arrived with him, right?'
‘Sherlock, there are hundreds of fans out there for you’ Mrs. Hudson says to Sherlock, who doesn’t turn to look. He’s still eyeing the fridge.
‘In fact, I do it because I want to do it, Sherlock.’
Seraphita’s nickname in Moriarty’s gang was Tiger, she faked her death and changed name to come back in London and have her money after Moriarty‘s death. But first, she killed Philiph Fox.’
‘Sherlock, Did you...’
To : John
Are you going to Rockets?
He stands up and goes toward Sherlock, opening the bottle
Greg takes the ID and chuckles at the sneaky and still sleeping bastard. Before he can say anything else the cab stops in front of his house. He totters out, and John calls out softly, ‘Goodnight Greg.’
‘We should check the fever, I think it’s back’ John strokes his forehead. ‘I’ll get you another wet towel’ John stands up, and heads to the bathroom.
FROM : MARY
‘Nothing! Nothing…just asking, you know?’
Mrs. Hudson: “They shot them..." Sherlock's mouth drops open as he stares at John.
‘John!’ Mary bursts, grabbing his arm.
‘Mmmm no, I got a call from my homeless network.’
And how about you?
‘I don’t know.’
"You remind me of someone else..." Sherlock answers, walking silently, trying to understand where her voice comes from.
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, with his laptop balanced atop his knees, scrolling the internet. ‘Do you want tea, Mrs. Hudson?’
To: Mycroft
‘Oh..’
Molly walks out.
Sherlock fakes a laugh, then sips more beer
Molly and Greg simultaneously shout, ‘What?’
Greg turns toward him ‘What do you mean he’s dangerous?’
I love you.
John, and Lestrade both look at him, and utter a unanimous, ‘Good morning.’
Sherlock is standing in the hallway, trying to focus. He slowly walks, shaking, toward the kitchen. Victor’s dogs bark in the living room, wagging their tails. Sherlock puts a hand on the table, trying not to lose balance. He turns, looking at the kitchen: he sees Victor everywhere, he can still hear his voice while looking around. He goes toward the living room, sitting in his chair, staring at the box with all the stuff Victor left in Baker Street, then stands up, going toward the bookshelf.
FROM : GL
Sherlock smiles back ironically.
Mycroft munches an open salmon sandwich, walking from the kitchen toward the living room, sitting on the sofa ‘Is the Sherlock show on tv tonight?'
From outerspace…’
‘No.’ Sherlock whispers. He throat aches, lungs stinging as he draws breath.
Without further discussion, they simultaneously moved to leave the room, ran down the stairs, and out of the hotel.
'Location? What location?’
"Good."
‘You won’t fall to the floor?’
‘No, he told the truth.’
Oh Jesus, so he knows we followed him last night?
Victor is slowly walking from a side to another of the crowded class.
Victor slowly goes back in the kitchen while looking at Sherlock, surprised. ‘You...called me..honey’
Mycroft continues ‘I shall deduce I must take my stuff upstairs.’
‘Do you remember that song we wrote about going away in America?’
He brings out a plastic bag with white powder inside, makes a fat line, and quickly snorts it. His head jerks back. His hands fly up to his nose, he feels like it’s on fire, then blood starts dripping from it. Sherlock tries to stands up, but he loses the control, and falls on his knee near the table. He starts shaking, everything spins around, and suddenly a terrible feeling of nausea catches his stomach, he tries to stand up again, but falls down on the floor. Blood still dripping down his nose, he wretches and heaves. He starts coughing, and choking.
"Starving."
‘I found the man who met with Adair on the day he was killed.’
Sherlock’s still looking at the needle in his chest; astonished. He is shaking, gasping. As Mrs Hudson discovers the scene, she screams aloud. Walking backwards, her feet trail her toward the door. The tray clasped tightly in her hands drops, as her elongated fingers peel away from the shining silver with horror. The glistening goblets of tea fall with the tray, shattering. Mrs Hudson turns, running downstairs.
‘This is an important book, why do you keep it with the other books?’ Mycroft tuts.
Sherlock wakes up late, he feels stoned and totters walking around the bedroom with his eyes half-closed, feeling like a gigantic stone is up on his head. Mrs Hudson is in the kitchen when he walks in. ‘Good morning Sherlock! How are you, dear?’
Greg, who has followed them, pulls out his phone, and laughs ‘Oh this is gonna be glorious.’
The hair dryer is turned off.
‘No’ Sherlock whispers.
Victor, regretful 'I'm..sorry,..Sherlock told me-'
(4:31 pm)
‘Where are you going? I’m here because—‘ Sherlock opens the door and runs downstairs, Mrs Hudson walks in, looking at Sherlock quickly going out.
‘This great woman, Mary, gave us the list!’ Lestrade comments, and turns to look at the blonde, who rewards him with a glittery-white smile.
(4:06 pm)
‘Ehm…I believe he’s coming!’ he says smiling again.
‘What?
Sherlock doesn’t reply, chewing and checking the phone
he thinks to himself. He slips his shoes on, pads over to the door, and heads to the kitchen. He can hear Mrs. Hudson’s voice from downstairs; he stands still near the fridge, looking at the broken furniture, his hands on his hips.
‘STOP SPOUTING BULLSHIT GREG!’
‘WIll you have a tourist guide?’ Greg asks, sipping wine.
‘Why you think he’s changed?’
‘What would have changed???’
TO: LESTRADE
John freezes up.
The cab stops in front of Baker Street, Sherlock’s now kissing him deeply, his legs opened, arms around his neck. He pulls back, ‘I should go now’ looking at him.
TO: LESTRADE
‘Is Mycroft worried because, Sherlock is out with ‘bad guys’ or something?’
‘Fine. Just give me a couple days.’
'Yeah...' His voice breaking.
TO: John
‘And why do you think Woodley refused?’
All the officers and staff are looking at him with wide smiles.
Kept thinking, I could never live without you by my side…’
‘You sure?’
Greg and John frowns at him. A moment of silence. Simultaneously “...who?"
He turns back, smiling ‘Adieau is not the proper word’
‘You can’t compare us to the Secret Services, Sherlock! We don’t have their money!’
He steps forward, closer to Sherlock, their noses almost touching, he gives Sherlock a small kiss on the lips, and looking at him in the eyes whispers ‘Goodnight’.
"The day I kidnapped the two kids from the college...I was sick. So I started to think that I was pregnant. Before that line went blue, I was Moriarty's woman,..a killer ready to die for him. But when that line became blue, I couldn't do it anymore. I escaped, changing face and name. I had a son, and I decided to not follow that life anymore. I didn't want you to know the truth!" She holds the tears "When you came back I knew you were ready to investigate about Reichenbach again, and I knew you were going to find out about my identity when Adair died. You ruined my life, you've killed Moriarty and now you're killing my life and my son's life!" She shouts.
‘He didn’t change at all.’ He says, cracking a smile.
‘Do you…remember it? Our first case?' John looks at Sherlock, ‘Sure’ they both smile looking at each other, answering simultaneously ‘January 29th, 2010’
Sherlock is lying on the sofa, still sleeping, while a thin beam of light shines through the window, reaching his angular face and gently showing his curly hair and his profile to John, who smiles looking at him. Sherlock slowly wakes up, smelling John's perfume next to him, his head is still spinning from the cries he shared with John last night. He turns, looking at the living room: the fireplace is lighten, and a gently smell of coffee and croissants crowds the room. He knows who's there.
‘Yes’ leafing more pages
‘And it’s absolutely important for the foreign minister to be there, too’
Photos source: setlock. Molly facebook account is fake, I created the layout, Ku Club website: http://www.ku-bar.co.uk/
‘Bye Sher.’
‘Because he seems to be...the only one who understands Sherlock now’ Mycroft peers at John, his face turns gloomy ‘You know, John...how Sherlock has never been good at...dealing with feeling. He actually doesn’t know how to react to them. Two years waiting to come back....’ Silent. ‘He did never have any kind of...life, he was just waiting to come back to live, come back to his London, come back to you. And since he thought, innocently, that you were doing the same, when he came back he realised that, without any doubt, things had changed. And he suddenly couldn’t cope with his new....life, an empty flat...an engaged best friend, he didn’t know how to react to his new life. He was used to something better, I presume. And that’s how drugs are his way to get through feelings, and easily deal with them...deal with this new life.’
