“Red star,” is all she says, because Clint is one of the three people living who know what marks she bears and what they mean.
Clint is the first to turn his gaze away from her. “Do you guys think that was sufficient?”
They tend to forget how many hours she logs hammering and hauling heavy machinery and components in her workshop. Tend to not consider that she lives full-time with three violent, world-class assassins beyond Olympic-class in speed and strength. Tend to forget how goddamn fucking smart she is, how fast her brain tracks physics and extrapolates responses.
Fitz has seen the Avengers in action. He’s fairly certain it can and will hurt quite a lot. “We’re not Avengers, Jem. It doesn’t seem a bit excessive to you?”
“Swell,” he says flatly, and that gets her attention.
he thinks sourly, and Clint’s grin widens into a smirk.
“Most likely, sir,” Phil says.
Near 9:30, a flying suit of armor circles the tower before hovering outside a window high off the ground. Steve tenses at the sight, thinking of the photos Fennhoff showed him, Peggy's face blasted into something unrecognizable, something that was meat and bone and not a person anymore, but doesn't order the attack. Even from this distance he can see that the coloration and side profile are wrong to be Iron Man.
Phil shrugs. “Not really.”
chokes him, flares bright and hot in blue fire along his limbs, and his street clothing melts into the Phoenix armor. “What the hell is
She screeches to a halt in midair in the middle of the corridor, staring in shock at the tall, broad-shouldered man walking down the hall towards her. Even if she didn’t have his face seared into her brain forever by her father’s obsessive search, the shield on his arm would have given it away. “Oh Jesus,” she breathes. “Oh fuck.”
“This isn’t the way, kid,” he says, a little sadly, as he’s joined in the air by Carol, Lehnsherr, Thor, a handful of other fliers. “You can’t
“I’ve tried,” Toni says in exasperation. “But their tech is proprietary and Howard kinda torched any good will the Stark name and America in general might have had when he appropriated a nearly twenty pound chunk of the stuff back in the 30s. A-ha!” Her hand closes around what, to Steve's untrained eye, looked like a rough-shaped bracer and lifts it free. “Gimme your shield arm.”
Oh you guys... you have no idea how much your comments make my day and make me want to get more words out to you as soon as my fingers can type them. I <3 U guys too.
And if the Phoenix Force corrupts Tony, the same way it’s done to every other one of its hosts, so much the better.
His disquiet only grows as he walks through a silent and still series of corridors. Even without all the mission-critical repairwork that needs to be done, these sections should be bustling with agents and crew, moving to and from hangar decks, laboratories, medical facilities, communications stations. But it’s just him and his shadow and the prickling sensation of being watched that lifts all the hair off the back of his neck.
“Oh.” Toni’s impressed that not even
so forgiving.
“Uh... Tony?”
“Run a backtrace, see if you can’t figure out who else is using that channel. I mean, with my luck, it’ll lead me right to the Helicarrier.” She stops for a moment, mid-gesture, blue circles pulsing around her fingers. “Actually, that
good with long shafts?”
Bucky inhales, quick and sharp. “Get in line,” he says in the same tone, off-handed and firm, and Steve’s arm around his back tightens approvingly.
As I left things here, Toni is spending the night with Clint and Natasha, and Bucky's returning to Steve for what will no doubt be a long, serious conversation. I don't really plan on dragging any of this out longer than necessary, because I tagged Steve/Toni for a reason after all. However. If y'all would like to see these currently fade-to-black scenes as they played out, I'm happy to write them. If not, story moves on a teensy bit faster. :)
Bucky snorts a laugh. “Jesus, yes. Exactly like that. That unimpressed eyebrow and the way she could drag out your name to mean a hundred things. You're gonna love her, Stevie. Toni’s so--”
“My physical therapist says I’ll never fly again,” Carol says, and Toni’s not sure, but she thinks there’s a hint of mutinous defiance in there.
He wants to know about Peggy? Well, she’ll fucking give him all the answers he ever wanted, and hope that’s enough to hold him until someone comes to save her ass.
Just to let my regular readers know, it might be a few days' delay in the next chapter. I've got a couple of deadlines looming in my professional life, and I'll be using this weekend to try and get ahead of them.
And they open their eyes as one.
Once they return with the list of equipment Tony gave them to liberate, and Tony’s set up a makeshift workshop in Clint’s spare bedroom, data is sifted, sorted, streamlined, sourced and sequenced (and occasionally supplemented with more midnight archer raids for more miscellaneous storage devices).
It’s Toni’s angry music that thumps down the hall at him, the stuff that’s all screaming lyrics and screeching guitars and pounding bass. It’s all noise to him, but the last time he told her that, she called him a fuddy-duddy and tried to lock him out of her lab. She tends to forget that she can’t do that to him.
He rolls his eyes and reaches around her to knock firmly on the door, hears the mutter of sleepy voices grumbling inside, the shuffle of bodies in motion. “Yep. I'm good.”
“I'm afraid that won't do any good, sir. Ma’am did not order me to call you ‘sir’. She prefers to let others request their own forms of familiarity from me, which I am free to grant or deny.”
He sets his still-unopened now-warm beer on the table in front of him with a resolute clink, and pushes Bucky’s feet off his legs.
There should be people here. A lot of people.
Toni presses a hand to her soulmark, frowning in concentration. Then, she takes a deep breath, sighs through her nose. "He's my best friend and I love him more than almost anything else in the world. We've been through a lot of shit together, and I never have even considered giving him up. But I will," she says softly. "Cos you and me? That's something I need more than I love Clint, and if you can't deal with it, then all the flirting and texting and reminiscing stops.
She sits up, inwardly a little surprised that it doesn’t take as much effort as she thinks it should. “Don’t go there, Steve,” she says as his face darkens into such a
Not 100% happy with this one, but I might just being too much a perfectionist.
So maybe he was always meant to be here, standing on the front lines of a world about to enter a new age, one about to plunge headlong into evolution and growth and chaos and revolution. He’s not a futurist, like Stark. He’s not a master tactician, like Rogers. He’s not a pessimist, like Romanoff, and he doesn’t see the tiniest details like Barton. But what he is, is a
Bucky meets Steve's eyes, reads the question in them as easily as if he'd verbally asked. He shrugs easily. “I'll come too,” he says. “Gimme a sec to change and we’ll start feedin’ Toni some dust.”
Light flared in the corner of her eye, and she turned instinctively to see its source. A tall, blond man, strong and determined, face a mask of pain and resolve, stood in the iris of the star itself. She blinked, and she was before him, close enough to touch him. He looked familiar, a little bit like her father, she thought, as she studied his face. There was pain in him, recent and heavy, grief weighing around his shoulders almost like a cloak, red with the blood of those he’d lost.
She’s still hesitating. “Steve…”
Bucky catches her, keeps her from face-planting in the floor. “You are
She nods, throat itching with smoke and ash. “At least they’re incompetent,” she mumbles, and lolls her head onto his shoulder, wincing as she jars the gash leaking blood into her eye. “They’re always incompetent.”
Finally hears silence in his own head, uncrowded by confusion and fear and grief and rage.
He roams the corridors and common areas restlessly, looking for solitude and peace. Looking for something familiar in this strange, alien world of light and sound and machines and color, finding nothing but disconnection and noise no matter where he goes. He’s hounded by it, surrounded by it, drowning in it.
Later, her hand is in a cast -- fractured wrist, three broken fingers, dislocated thumb,
at the red star that has never been anything but cold but is now angry and electric and throbbing. A spasm of her knee jolts her book, and she instinctively snatches at it, trying to snag it before it falls. It slips through her fingers. She wobbles, overcorrects, screams as she slides right off the branch and is falling head-down towards the ground, thirty feet below.
Google who did.”
Shakes his head again. Ignores the voice and bends over the pad, making notes about who should hit what entry point, what tasks they should accomplish once inside. Fills pages with alternate tactics, if circumstances change. More people, less people. Speculates about interior defense systems, which Stark Industries would not list in the public domain documents. How to respond to them.
“Breathe in, Toni.
“Good morning, James,” the voice murmurs, and ends with a soft hiss of pain. “Careful where you’re poking. I’m still bruised.”
Once she’s up, she stretches head to toe, yawning with enough force to make her jaw click. “Do we know how bad it is yet?”
He scrolls through the messages, and each one he reads sinks needle claws into his chest. Message after message, full of old memories and blatant flirting, sexual innuendo and open invitations. There’s a dull roaring sound in his ears that reaches a painful pitch when he realizes that
in communication resulted in his utterly clean background check. JARVIS doesn’t usually make mistakes. “I repeat: I’m sorry, what?”
Toni looks back to him, watches him steadily over the rim of her coffee cup as she takes a long gulp. “How’s she running?”
He says, “Of course they would. In all likelihood, it’s even true. Agent Carter reported that Sitwell presented her with appropriate paperwork for the Manor op. She had copies. They’re falsified, but they pass standard inspection.” He pauses, because he isn’t sure he wants to know the answer to his next question, because it has the potential to make his job that much easier, or that much harder. “Does Toni know SHIELD has been using her resources to carry out missions?”
There’s a pregnant pause on the other end. “
He doesn't think about the best ways to manipulate himself into pledging to Hydra.
“It’s not all that terribly different from being a single person.” Simmons beams brightly.
Has the sudden urge to sketch something. The curve of a woman’s shoulder. The wicked smirk of a man’s mouth.  A pair of stars, one cradled within the other. A blue circle with a hollow white triangle inside.
driving her back into a wall, down onto one knee, her head ringing and her vision blurry. “JARVIS,” she says. “J, I might be in a bit of trouble here.”
because it just seems like a whole lotta happy horseshit and magic sky fairies to me.”
“Jesus Christ,” Toni wheezes, on her back for the thousandth time and twisted in a very uncomfortable pretzel with Clint’s weight pinning her down. Her lungs are somewhere behind her tonsils. “You’re part octopus. How many goddamn limbs do you actually have?”
Closes his mouth again, confused at the strength and command in the urge to say nothing. Wrestles with himself, needing to be clear of pain, but deeply defiant of the needle. He still hasn’t resolved the conflict when Rumlow lets a low, triumphant laugh. “Iron Patriot and Warbird just left. A quinjet followed them. We’re probably not going to get a sweeter opportunity, Captain.”
of all fucking people, something that was supposed to stop seizures, for chrissake. Stole the fucking arc reactor out of her fucking chest. That’s why she doesn’t like it when people hand her things. That’s when she lost the ability to trust people. I mean, kidnapped by terrorists, operated on without anaesthesia in a fucking germ-infested
“How do I know you haven’t been compromised?” Carol mutters, but takes the drive off the table.
“I understand if you’re not going to show us the technical specs right away,” Fitz is chattering away as they walk down the hall towards her workshop, “but I wonder, would it be too much to ask if I could even see the Iron Maiden suit? It’s a marvel of engineering, a bloody near-miracle, honestly, and it would just be amazing if I could just look at it.”
“It was one time in the Trevi Fountain. And, if I may… Google did not invent captchas,” JARVIS replies, maddeningly calm, and there’s one of those fractional pauses, the ones that make Toni grind her teeth. “But you
Smashing Pumpkins, “The Beginning is the End is the Beginning”*
Toni waves a hand dismissively. “Yeah,” she says, and chortles as her hands fly on the specs, tweaking, streamlining, fiddling things around. “That's what I thought. By the way, completely unrelated… how fast have we made the fabrication process now?”
But his eyes meet hers, and see nothing but fear.
much pain.
The use of Iron Man instead of Iron Maiden is a deliberate choice, not a typo.
“Coulson called,” Rhodey says, still chuckling. “Invited us to this gathering you seem to be having. Carol’s a bit behind. She stopped for a snatch-and-grab, you know how she is. Told me to fly ahead while she took care of the thief.”
she freezes for a second, gravity keeping her moving downward. “Coulson?”
and then she’s screaming for real as the bones of her hand, beneath the layers of titanium and gold and reinforced mesh, grind together.
“Yeah, not super psyched about giving it back to you now, honeybunch.” She keeps him in her field of vision, keeps her repulsors charged and ready to unload. “You mind telling me why your panties are all a-twist, princess? I haven’t done anything to you. I’m pretty sure I’d remember if I had.”
“Toni needs to be somewhere she feels safe,” Bucky finally says, deliberately casual. “Is she welcome here?”
, is his last thought before he goes under.
“Okay.” She pushes off the bench, staggers as her head swims, pushes gamely towards the couch. “Wake me in three hours.”
He keeps going, scratches his cheek, looks smugly satisfied with her reaction. “Morgan knows how to listen to and take the advice of someone who’s been with the business for twenty years, Toni,” he says, as if explaining to a child. “He’ll do what I tell him to do. Now fix yourself up and get outside. The ceremony is going to start soon.”
Toni loses her breath, loses all sensation of everything but the burning sparks jumping between their bodies. White light erupts behind her eyes, and the pressure in her head pushes down until her sinuses feel like they’re about to explode.
, and the guard crunches satisfactorily into the wall with a pained
No two-masters bullshit. No hypothetical situations where they have to choose between two loyalties.
One of the agents -- he still doesn’t know their names -- acquired the building plans from the city archive, and he studies them now, looking for points of entry, weak places in what are no doubt prodigious defenses. Notes the locations of labs and workshops, can puzzle out the technical specs enough to determine which are Stark Industries’ standard R&D and which are the most likely to deal directly with Iron Man and other weapons of world destruction.
“Ma’am,” JARVIS cuts in. “I’ve lost connection to the Manor servers, and sir’s phone is ringing through to his voicemail.”
Finally, she sighs. “This is pathetic, you know. You could at least
The repulsor blast is gentler than she remembers it ever being on her muscles, but stabs out and tagging a drone on the rear aileron. The drone’s blip on the HUD blinks as smoke erupts from its tail and falls out of formation.
Toni blinks her eyes open again, wincing at the feeling of red-hot needles sporadically stabbing her insides. “Jesus. Really? That’s not overkill?”
A beat.
“Whatever you need to tell yourself, Tony,” Steve says, and is laughing as he presses his mouth to Tony’s, and then Tony’s done telling himself anything except
His bagel pops in the toaster, but he ignores it in favor of looping his arms around her shoulders and kissing her forehead. The bond between them hums with contentment. “I’ll muddle along somehow, I suppose,” he replies with a smile. “Will you have time for lunch, do you think?”
“It’s okay, James,” she says and, still telegraphing her gestures, cups his cheek, rubs her thumb along his nose. “You’re safe. Just breathe with me. You’re safe.”
She has the world’s longest shower, with two rounds of shampooing, and finds clothing that hasn’t been worn for days at a time which, to her at this point, is a goddamn novelty. It takes her three tries to walk out the door of the penthouse suite, because she really doesn’t want to have to look anyone in the eye. Sometimes, she wishes she had a broader streak of cowardice than she did personal responsibility.
The Norns will have to be patient to get their hands on her until
The HUD screams data at her, calculating trajectory, likely landing zones, intercept points, wind speed. She ignores it all, practically
She and Tony brawl it out instead, because he's not letting her touch Miles at all. Carol punches Tony into a coma, and Hank McCoy later states, at the Helicarrier Iliad, where Steve had him moved to life support machines, that if not for Tony's self-experimentation to keep himself alive at various points, Carol would have killed him.
His forehead furrows, changes mental tracks to think on that new piece of intel for a bit. “You feelin’ okay, Toni?”
“Sure,” Carol says easily, and her eyes finally leave Toni’s as she glances to Rhodey. “Let’s go. I want to get a burger before you start hoarding them all.” She shoots a look back at Toni. “See you upstairs?”
. I’ll call down and have Rhoda let you through. She’ll direct you from there. I’ll change and meet you in the shop in ten.”
“Oh yeah? Kinda hard to get that from the text messages I saw.”
Toni’s grin, however impossible, grows wider. Seamless integration with the applications on her laptop,
Bucky turns her around, sears her mouth with one final kiss, tips her head up with two fingers gently beneath her chin. “You don’t need an army,” he says softly, and his eyes are full of love and violence. “You got me. I’ll kill him for you.”
He wishes that voice, that tiny little voice in the back of his head, would shut up.
And special thanks to state_line_of_texas, who tolerated my temporary abandonment of her promptfic verse for the sake of this beast with good humor. Cheers, doll.
“Indeed not,” JARVIS replies, and sounds entirely too cheerful for a non-human entity. “Colonel Danvers has scheduled a run every morning this week at five am. Seven, on Saturday and Sunday. Clint has taken charge of your firearms training, and Colonel Rhodes will see to your hand-to-hand combat. Sir, that is to mean Sergeant Barnes, will schedule survival training as his time allows. Natasha has declined to commit to a schedule, but has declared her area of expertise to be in training situational awareness.”
And then comes the point Rhodey turns and says, “C’mon, Tones, you know I’m right. We’ve got three suits, but nobody gets the job done like special forces.”
“Hey, it got your attention.” Clint grins, thumbs tucking into the top of his sweatpants.
He doesn’t know how to ask, or even who he’d approach with the request, but fate takes mercy on him for once, and introduces him to Agent Phil Coulson not long after.
But he gives it his best try anyway, sitting resolutely at his desk with a scratch pad and a freshly-sharpened pencil, and starts as he always does when he doesn’t have a specific project in mind: he starts doodling. He doesn’t know if anything’s going to come of these sketches, but he always finds it easier to think with a sketchbook in his hands.
Pride and fire flash, just for an instant. “The best.”
“I… I don’t know.” He tries to think back, tries to remember if he ever used the words before. Oh. He doesn’t think he has. “Yeah. I think so. Why?”
“I still don’t understand why he had to go shopping,” Toni grumbles, flexing her fingers in a wave, and watching the light play off the metal of her gauntlets. “The cupboards are still full of food. I checked. Even with my increased intake, we shouldn’t be low on
“You’re only cranky because you’re in heels,” Rhodey says as he escorts her down the walkway towards the waiting cars. “Everything will be okay once you get back into sneakers.”
Bucky’s head throbs again. That voice sounds familiar, the cadence and smug fucking way of speaking, but he can’t place it. “I’m an American citizen,” he says. “I have rights.”
“Stop overthinking it, Tony,” Steve says with a smile. “I’m betting you didn’t miss a thing. And even if you did? I’m okay with burning together.”
Ty smashes into the floor, in a loud
“Toni…” Rhodey’s voice is very soft.
Something stirs beside her, weight shifting, rearranging. A cool hand touches her forehead, and then presses against her cheeks. “Nope, sorry, still alive,” Nat says, from above and slightly to the left. “How are you feeling?”
Aaaaand an update! Holy crap!
“I’m just trying to help, Steve,” Natasha replies after a moment, in a gentle tone he’s rarely ever heard her use.
Toni swears viciously under her breath, a steady stream of epithets in four languages -- none of them English -- and pulls the wheel hard to the right as the road takes a sharp curve. “Probably not, darling,” she says through gritted teeth. “Now would you be an absolute peach and
Again I reiterate my note about approaching deadlines. This chapter was about 75% written already, so I decided to finish it. The next chapter likely won't be ready until later in the week.
“I am a fucking grown-up, Barnes! You don’t get to tell me what to do! Leave me alone, I’m fine!” She makes another attempt to get around him, is too sluggish for how quick she tries to move and trips over her own feet.
He growls, face a rictus of hate. “You killed my wife. You killed Peggy.”
“Then buddy, you got stuck with the wrong soulmates,” Toni replies, with a snort. “Cos Bucky’s just as insatiable as I am. God help you when we’re all together again, is all I’m saying.”
“See you tonight then,” Phil says, and the call is ended before he registers either of their farewells. Before he can more than process that he has a date, he shoves it all firmly to the back of his mind and locks it down. As much as he’d like to sit and marvel at this new twist of events, try to trace exactly how it happened at all, he really does have to get to that meeting.
is she going to sleep on it after the day she’s had. Instead, he scoops her up and carries her out of the workshop and through the house, back to their room.
He’s not handling this well.
woman who has a pathological inability to not stick her nose in classified business.”
That’s more than enough to convince him he’s doing the right thing. Bucky leans in, nuzzles the back of Toni’s head with his cheek, then kisses her temple. “See you tomorrow, sweetheart. Get some sleep.”
“Cagey bastard,” Toni says, amused and accusatory, and tosses back the rest of her coffee. “Sure. No promises, but talk yourself blue while I work. I won’t mind the noise.”
“Do something career-ending like that?” Carol shrugs. “Why did you give me Warbird? Why did you give Jim Iron Patriot? Why do you do half the things you do? Because you’re a sentimental sappy-ass romantic, and you have no concept of appropriate displays of affection. Well…” She looks around the room, sweeps her hand to indicate all of them. “We’ve all pretty much collectively decided that you’ve infected us, and now we are all sentimental sappy-ass romantics with no concept of appropriate displays of affection.” She reaches out, ruffles Toni’s hair. “So suck it, princess.”
Decision made, he hitches Toni more securely in his arms and starts walking.
Chapter Warning: porn and smut! Picks up exactly where #23 left off.
He hands it over, frowning in disapproval. “Somehow, Howard left that detail out of his story about how he created the shield,” he says.
“If it’s too fast, it’s too fast,” she says, all in a rush. “I just thought, well… you’re doing a lot better now, and with everything that’s happened in the last few days. We can take more time, go over things, make adjustments. I don’t want you to think I’m trying to make you into someone you’re not or someone you’re not comfortable having as your past, or--”
to just reach out and slap her. She scratches at the itch on her chest, sullen and irritable, and forces herself to focus on the contract. Or tries to, anyway. Her eyes keep glazing over, skidding right past the inasmuches and the parties-of-the-first-parties and the rest of the dry, stiff, formal language.
Behind his back, his fingers curl into fists. “If the Phoenix can be shown the way...” he begins, and closes his mouth again as Schmidt waves him silent.
“Betcha Hydra isn’t looking so awful now, Tony,” Clint snickers.
“I made myself clear. Barnes understood. Rogers was busy bleeding, so who knows? I’m sure Bucky’ll explain it to him if he needs a reminder.”
“No sweat.” She beams up at him and sets her coffee aside to fix him a plate. She piles it with fruit and bacon and toast, pours him a glass of juice and carries everything to the table. “I usually sit there,” she says, nodding to the chair at the end of the table, but stops at the one next to it, on the side. “Here good?”
He learns that Clint will sometimes look very far away and stop responding to questions, but that Toni and Natasha will talk to him as though he is still part of the conversation. He learns that it’s because Clint is an assassin, has a very bloody past, and is sometimes lost in bad memories of haunting jobs.
Yeah, so. Cliffhanger. I know. At 5000 words, it was pretty well the best place I could have ended it. :)
?” she says incredulously. “Peggy? Peggy
“Toni…” he whispers, sick and reeling, but Toni ignores him.
She sucks in a breath, lets it out slow and steady through her nose. “James,” she says, in the same tone she used when he woke up the first day and tried to kill her, the calm and careful one. “I don’t think you’re yourself right now.”
“You’re feisty today,” Bucky says, smiling wickedly down at her as he slides his other arm to link his hands behind the small of her back.
Desperately, she gets a hand up, fast and hard, deflecting the shield strike into the wall. The edge bites deep enough to hold him for a precious second. She capitalizes by slamming her other palm into his chest and firing her repulsors as hard as she dares against human flesh.
“What?”
“Mass-murdering Russian operatives have no rights,” Sitwell replies calmly. “They have cold, lonely cells where they die, unlamented, after years of imprisonment.”
people.”
A myth, Toni thinks. A popular plot point in terrible novels written by formulaic writers. Hollywood melodrama with little basis in reality, like guns that never run out of bullets and bad guys who drop unconscious with a single punch and vehicles that explode at the slightest bump in the road. The lazy lawyer's defense, sensationalized by that one famous athlete's televised murder trial, the one who beat his wife’s mugger to death.
(See the end of the chapter for
He finds himself smiling grimly, and adrenaline rushes into his veins, surging energy and alertness through him in anticipation of the fight. “So much for not letting Stevie out to play,” he mutters, and brings a hand to his ear. “Rogers is on the field. I've lost eyes on Kobik. Watch your backs and your brains, people. I'm going to be busy for a little while.”
The last thing Toni wants to do is give the eulogy at her father’s funeral. She hasn’t spoken to him in years, not since he called her on New Year’s Eve in 1999 and lambasted her for attending a party in Bern instead of trotting home like a dutiful daughter for the annual Stark New Year’s Gala. She has always been his greatest disappointment, so his anger hadn’t come as a surprise, nor had his declaration that he was washing his hands of her. She had the gall to be born with a vagina instead of a penis, and that lessened her worth in his eyes. That knowledge still stings a little, but has long since lost the majority of its power to hurt her. She’s over it.
“One can only hope it stays that way.” And if she hasn’t jinxed herself, JARVIS just did it for her. Oh well. It’s more fun this way anyway. “Shall I queue up your usual entrance music, ma’am?”
? Honestly, how fucking patriarchal can you possibly get?”
The doctor pokes and prods her fingers, and she swears at him violently. He asks her how her injury happened, she retorts that she broke it on some asshole’s face. The doctor is unimpressed with her, sends her for x-rays, more walking -- pantyhose feet slipping on the floors, because the heel of her right stiletto broke off in goon number three’s shoulder and she refuses to walk lopsided -- more waiting, more swearing at medical professionals as they maneuver her this way and that to take images.
-------
enjoy it.” The click of the door as she shuts it is firm and authoritative and scarier than the sound of a shotgun shell chambering.
“Stark, Natasha Antonia,” he says immediately. “Daughter of Howard and Maria Stark, both deceased. Current CEO of Stark Industries, founder and CRO of Stark Solutions Inc. Injured in Afghanistan, 2008, during a business trip to demonstrate weapons for the US military. Genius-level intellect with expertise in engineering, neural computing and cybernetics. Also known as the Iron Maiden, a vigilante known for—”
He’s thundering after her, and she knows that he’s faster, even without the shield. He doesn’t know the building like she does, though. There’s an access door that leads to the crawlspace between floors down the next corridor. She just needs to get to it.
can be infiltrated, with enough time, money and determination.
The Winter Soldier jerks backwards, then forwards, and his hair falls into his eyes as his shoulders bow. When he raises his head again, his eyes are clear and there’s a person staring back at her. Not the Soldier, not a mindless Hydra assassin, but a real person. “Your name is Toni,” he says, sounding surprised.
Toni has spent more than ten years in a stable, open relationship with Clint, and there is a bond there that even Natasha, with her soulmarked arrowhead mingled with the red hourglass above her left breast, cannot ever hope to approach. Natasha knows how to look at things, how to take someone’s true measure. She knows that, at times, Clint was all Toni had. She knows that, at times, Toni was all Clint had. If Natasha had ever had that sort of relationship with another person, she would fight to the death to keep it, to hoard it, even from that other person’s soulmate. Natasha doesn’t share. She is greedy, and the good things she has, she deserves to keep all for herself.
“Toni did what Toni does, which is take very good care of her friends without taking care of herself. I know. I remember.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni scoffs softly. “You’re assuming I’ll catch you.”
Bucky eyes Steve, sees the set of his jaw, the defiant jut forward, the stubborn frown. Knows Steve’s not going to let it go, no matter how much he probably doesn’t need the laundry list of how fucked-up Toni is. “Broken shoulder, broken clavicle,” he says, and watches every word punch Steve in the teeth. “Broken ankle. Concussion. Her right hand is a mess. Almost every bone is broken in a couple of places. I lost track of the bruises. Probably a couple of cracked ribs. Couple of deep cuts. Lots of little ones. She lost some blood.”
Toni’s kitchen looks nothing like the simple kitchen of his mother’s house, but somehow it’s easy to imagine his mother’s voice guiding him through the steps of the stew and the batter, the dough and the mead.
He’s almost obligated to knock his name down the list of geniuses to ninth or tenth place with stupidity like that.
Mama,” Toni says quietly, letting her mother’s fingers stroke through her hair and dry her eyes. She doesn’t understand how two stupid stars that are cold, like an ice cube on her skin that never melts – a white star edged in blue on her left, in the soft place between her shoulder and her collar bone, a red star edged in silver in the same place on her right – are a weakness for enemies to exploit, but she trusts Mama. One day, she’ll understand.)
“Separation, I’m afraid,” Jemma says with regret. She sets down her Starkpad and leans back against the counter. “Doctor Cho left me with a sample of the nanites she used on Doctor Stark. Several of the experiments I started running yesterday are time-critical. I expect I’ll be in the biology lab for the majority of the morning.” She slides her arms around his waist and links her fingers at the small of his back. “Will you be alright without me, Fitz?”
“So. Training accident, or combat injury?” Toni asks.
“Shampoo, actually.” She smiles, steps left and starts to circle as Steve turns with her. They’ve agreed she can get a few hits in so Steve can judge her ability before he starts doing anything but blocking or redirecting. That’s the verbal, out-in-the-open reason, anyway. But she knows just as well as Steve does that if he comes at her first, she’s likely to freak and that just sets everything they’ve managed to accomplish back to zero.
“Ow,” she wheezes, cradling her ribs with a palm. Steve’s being careful and pulling his blows by a lot, but she’s definitely going to be bruised.
Toni turns back to the workbench, rattling components and tools as she digs through them. “Vibranium is notoriously hard to work with,” she says over her shoulder. “The Wakandans are the masters, but they’re pretty secretive with their research. Outside Wakanda, I’m probably the leading expert, if you discount von Doom -- which, by the way, please do. He’s a goddamn lunatic -- and even I don’t know a fraction of what the Wakandans have discovered.”
Behind his back, with bullets pinging off her armor and more agents with guns spilling out of van one, she breaks the seal on her right gauntlet, pulls it off. “Hand,” she says, and unclips the repulsor array from its seating.
“Negative, ma’am. I am still decrypting various layers of classified material.”
“You’re distracted because you’re an idiot.” Natasha shakes her head, and her curls bounce around her face at the motion. “There’s a simple solution to all your problems, Steve. Just ask her out to dinner.”
His spine spasms when her tongue licks hot and wet across their soulmark. Lightning slaps him, hard and fast, and his tenuous self-control disintegrates as their bond slams open. He yanks her off the table, and her pants tear between his hands. She smells so good, so fucking good, just like she should smell, light vanilla shampoo and the faint tang of metal and a hint of motor oil and ozone underneath it, all wrapped up in a cloud of arousal and something he can’t define by any other name but
“... No.”
It’s only there for a second, but it’s battering around his chest under the blue circle, and he knows he didn’t imagine it. She smiles at him, at them, but he knows that’s false too. The bottom drops out of his stomach, and for a minute or two, all he can hear is the pounding of his pulse in his temples. All he can feel is the desire to retreat to the gym and smash through a few dozen reinforced bags.
“Captain,” Hogan says, in the tired tone of a man twice his age, “you have no idea.”
The door leading to the hall opens, and soft footsteps shuffle in. “Captain Rogers?”
“Pick me up at eight,” Pepper replies, and there’s a hint of something, a catch, a tinge of breathiness, in her voice. “I’ll make reservations.”
paychecks as far as she can throw them. Without the suit.
“Well,” Rhodey says casually. “If the missus is in, so’m I.”
To his credit, Clint doesn’t try to play coy or dumb, just eyes Tony steadily. “As best I can,” he says. “Gonna yell at me some more about it?”
Toni takes another swig from the bottle and pours the mouthful that’s left over her head. It’s lukewarm, but it trickles like heaven over her face. She dries away the sweat and water with the towel, and tosses it and the empty bottle back onto the bench. “I’m almost legally obliged to point out that it didn’t work, because I’m not your sugar mama,” she says. “I was looking for a personal assistant, not a kept man. And you didn’t get that job either.”
He’ll cut through a thousand flying suits of armor if he has to. Iron Man’s going to pay for what he’s done.
He’s not laughing in that worrisome way anymore, but still looks amused. “Hi Toni,” he says, as if he’s not covered head to toe in blood, listing on his feet, and a little hazy-eyed.
way, and Tony’s mouth goes into overdrive, “and I probably ended up copying part of myself in there, had to, because—
“Steven desires thy friendship, Stark,” Thor adds.
still an engineering student. You think I can’t recognize schematics and prototypes when you leave them lying around in the kitchen?”
The hospital is noisy, crowded and smells like hospitals are wont to do. It’s a sting of antiseptic through the nostrils, an underscore of illness, the lingering chill of death. Toni really doesn’t want to be here, but Toni’s hand is throbbing, and she desperately wants some Vicodin. They only give Vicodin out at hospitals, alas.
lower myself to Victor von fucking Doom's standards."
- endearment, "little female sparrow" (Kudos to Enid_Black for the correction :) )
She takes a long breath, and then another. She nods without raising her head. “Okay, Tony. I can’t say I’m going to believe whatever it is you’re going to tell me, but I’m listening.”
Toni’s memory is excellent, she never fails to recall a single thing. Even the things she might like to forget, like the look on Daddy’s face that day just after her fourth birthday and he catches her in his workshop building her very first, fully-functional circuit board (
She tilts her head, still smiling. “And if I say no?”
She shuts her eyes tight for a moment. “What are the symptoms?”
Logic isn’t playing in this ballgame, though; it’s ceded the field to fear and lizard instinct, both of which are screaming warnings of his imminent death at him. He races for the door of the Citadel, praying like he’s never prayed before that Uatu is in the mood for visitors and knowing that he’ll never make it before his lungs force him to inhale, whether he likes it or not.
“Yeah,” Bucky agrees. “They will be.” He looks into the distance again, at the spot the quinjet vanished from sight, and sighs. Part of him still wishes he’d gotten on the plane with them, but this break, this time apart, is something everyone needs right now. And someone’s gotta make sure the roof stays on the building. “We got shit to do,” he says.
“I doubt it. If you wouldn’t mind, please see yourself out. I’ve a lot of work to get through today.”
“I think you've earned that much,” Steve says with a smile, leans against the railing and watches the sunset with Tony. “But I have all sorts of faith in you, Shellhead. You earned that too.”
“You think he’s going to be able to be happy and safe with you across the country?” she says. “You think I’m going to do anything but worry about you on your own? You think we’ll be safe and happy without you here?”
He raises his head, squinting at his bed partner. For a moment, he doesn’t recognize her, only sees long black hair and bright blue eyes and pale skin edged with soft blue, and panic spikes.
Hydra can just fucking bring it now.
Tricia is smiling herself. “A follow-up, if you’ll allow?”
“JARVIS,” she gets out, slapping away Carter’s grab for her, and reels back into her chair, banging her hip off the corner of the desk on the way down. “JARVIS, call James. I need… Something’s wrong. Get me James.”
“So, that’s a no, then.”
she thinks, and her eyes shimmer with tears.
“Where’s my shield?” His voice is low and dangerous.
“You remember that Earth that avoided civil war Richards found? 3490?”
Finally, the door of the room JARVIS wants her to hide in looms in front of her, and she stumbles through it. Her head is splitting, trying to fly off her shoulders, and bile surges in the back of her throat. She slams the door almost before the Winter Soldier is through, and locks it. Her throat spasms, and she scrabbles at her releases. “J, let me out,” she says thickly.
His grin widens, and it is
Bucky’s on his ass without being aware of sitting. Mutely, he just reaches out and hauls her into his lap, wraps his arms around her, and holds her until he can find the words to tell JARVIS to shut off the damn holoscreens.
These fuckin’ emotional surges are getting a little old, he thinks, presses an absent kiss to her temple and breathes through the urge to bawl.
Natasha listens to Clint rant as Eastern Europe soars away underneath the quinjet, and touches the hilt of her favorite blade. Toni is hers, now. Hers and Clint’s. No one is permitted to harm her and walk away unscathed.
. We began defrosting his body, with the intention of burying him in Arlington. The process took three weeks, in order to preserve the tissues and organs. Only when the ice thawed, Rogers’ heart started beating. He’s been comatose ever since, in secure SHIELD medical facilities.”
“He’s here,” she says. “Captain America is h--”
“Nah,” she says, waving a hand. She has to force the cheer, but not the underscore of tiredness. She has curated the hell out of her personal life in Malibu, she’s created a space where she can relax and build and argue with Pepper about business plans and chew out her overpaid chief engineer when he tells her a design simply can’t be done when her blueprints show
Edited to add: Now with new, never-before-seen
her father asked sadly, fading to glittering dust as she spun on a heel and ran another way.
Natasha almost,
Below him, the two Hawkeyes are pulling their bows, already scanning for hostiles, and Carol is tense but uncertain. The rest are milling, disgruntled and impatient, but now he knows what he’s looking for. His blast, blue fire from his palm the same way he’d fire a repulsor, is a split second ahead of Clint’s arrow, and he’s not sure if Clint saw what Tony did, or if he just reacted with trust in Tony’s judgement. Either way, Tony feels a surge of vindication swell tight and hot through him as Kobik squeaks, flickering into sight as she dodges both arrow and firebolt.
“He told me you loved me,” Tony says before he can think better of it, and Steve starts badly beside him. “Pod Person Rogers tried to twist the knife as deeply as he could get it, even though I couldn’t hear a damned thing he was saying. How you always held back because you loved me, even when we were trying to kill each other. How that made you weak, because you couldn’t do what needed to be done.”
Bucky grins a little. He's of the same mind, now that he doesn't feel like he's walking through the world on a hair trigger at all times.  But Clint just rolls his eyes and jerks a thumb backwards over his shoulder. “I've also been told that Nat's a dangerous influence to anyone suffering delicacy of their mental state,” he adds. “And this is why. She enables me.”
Savage glee rips out of her in a wild cackle. “Right boss,” she says in a completely different tone, and picks Sitwell up again, this time by the back of the shirt and pants. A pulse of her jets powers her mad leap out of the van as the driver finishes losing control. If Sitwell’s head smacks off the roof on the way out, it’s purely by accident. She clears the back a moment before the van flips, hitting the road with its side and rolling with the screeching groan and crunch of abused metal.
: PTSD, mind control, rabbit holes & self-destructive behaviour
“You little shit,” she seethes, upside down. “You just wait. I will recompile you into a
Steve tilts his head. “What are you saying?”
Toni is going to murder Bucky at her earliest opportunity, because there’s no way Steve could have known without Bucky tattling. There’s too much Brooklyn in that last statement for her brain to do anything but briefly short spectacularly out, which is how she ends up with a bruise perfectly shaped like the edge of the mat on her left ass cheek.
Toni tilts her chin up and swallows hard, all brash defiance and fragile armor, and Steve gives in and strokes down her arm soothingly, finishing the caress with his fingers barely touching the white star he can’t see but knows is on her skin.  As if his touch is the catalyst, she trembles and breaks, face crumpling and breath hitching on a sob. “
When the cliffs south of her home come into view, Toni changes her flight path to parallel them, chewing on her bottom lip and doing her best to quell the urge to snoop on what Steve’s been up to while she was out. JARVIS would have told her if it was anything bad, but not knowing things has never been her strong suit.
when her feet hit the floor. She stands with a groan, stretches and snarls when her spine pops in several places. “Jesus, I’m getting too old for this.”
with her fucking
Toni opens her eyes, and Bucky smiles down at her as he gently sets her on her feet. She clings to him for a moment for support as she gets her feet under her, then blearily looks around. It’s probably a sign, he thinks, of just how deep in sleep debt she is when it takes her a good ten seconds to realize where they are.
“Not from mine,” Steve says firmly. He eyes Tony for a moment, then turns to stare out over the city. “So, you're a Phoenix host,” he says lightly, and Tony's stomach clenches.
simply by reflex. “What was that for?”
Fennhoff shrugs. “A pliant mind is fertile ground for our methods, sir. One of our agents was able to access him while he was still in SHIELD facilities, and began the process with subliminals and injections. Once we had him, we manipulated his sense of reality from the moment he woke up, convinced him he’d been dreaming while comatose. Stark’s nano-veils came in exceptionally handy, and Agent 33 is a superb actress. There were times I truly believed she
“Don’t even,” Clint warns, voice a mumble in her shoulder, and the fingers threaded in her hair scratch at her scalp, light and gentle.
Through the window of her laboratory, she sees Simmons’ wide-eyed, stark-white face appear, and she hastily waves at her to go hide. Shit, she cannot do this here. She has to get somewhere safer, get the psychotic supersoldier far away from her baby geniuses.
. She still
Dr. Fennhoff clucks, pulls a penlight from his pocket and clicks it on. “Look straight forward, please,” he says, moving the penlight quickly from side to side. “I’m afraid you were in a coma for some weeks, Captain Rogers. There was some concern you wouldn’t come out of it, even with your… enhancements. It’s a miracle you’re awake and as relatively stable as you are. For what might have resulted from your battle with Iron Man, memory loss is relatively good.”
“Probably not.” Natasha brushes Toni’s hair out of her eyes, tucking the loose strands behind her ear, and Toni’s head tilts in the direction of the gesture automatically. Natasha isn’t usually so open with her touches; it must have been bad. “You miraculously managed to avoid needing stitches this time, but you pulled a few muscles, managed to collect an impressive array of bruises.” She pulls her hand back. “Bruised your ribs on the left side. They’re going to hurt like hell for a few days.”
Before he can reply with another terrible bird-related one-liner, the door opens and he’s face to face with Carol Danvers for the first time since he was yelling at her about self-fulfilling prophecies and Miles Morales, since she was doing her best to put her fist through his skull.
She and Clint have spent months cultivating her image, setting up a public persona that sets the bar very low. A party girl and her wastrel soulmate, drinking and dancing and sleeping their way through high society, sex-addled fools with too much money and free time. They have spent months making sure that no one takes her terribly seriously, but it still stings a bit to realize that her captors have bought into the legend of Toni Stark so well it didn’t even cross their minds that she might be dangerous.
of deflated lungs. His head cracks against the concrete, and he slumps to the ground, out cold before he hits the dirt.
“You...okay there, Stevie?” Bucky asks warily. “You’re lookin’ kinda… off.”
“Ow,” she whimpers, squeezing her eyes shut. “Please let me be dead.”
“I’d laugh off a threat like that from almost anyone else. But Stark has the connections, money, and resources to
If he doesn’t look at the chair, he’s okay. “Humility and modesty are some of your best features,” he says with a smirk, turns his back to the chair and tries to cross his arms before he remembers that one of them isn’t working at the moment.
Toni falls in a blaze of light and flame through a maelstrom of images that flash past too fast for her to catch more than the barest of glimpses of Bucky’s wicked smile, Steve’s broad shoulders, her own glossy hair. They’re above her, below her, swirling around and around until she should be dizzy, but isn’t.
know she ever thought that.
“You’re a good kid, J. Please.” She sits in her chair, kicks her feet up on the desk and slouches back, closing her eyes. “Wake me when she gets here.” Six minutes is a perfectly reasonable timeframe in which to catch a micro-nap.
But I guess it's what some of you have been waiting for, right? :)
Her, her. They’re all her. “Shit. Leave it to me to go for broke and take them all. Oh god, I am so fucking
The only thing that makes it possible, he thinks as the flames die away and his jeans and tee return from the aether, is that he knows in his heart it's what Rhodey would tell him to do.
“But it’s really hard on us to see you like this,” Pepper says, still in that soft tone, and it sounds like she’s on the verge of tears on top of it. “Not to mention what it does to our stocks. I know you don’t really care about those, Toni, but I do. It’s why you hired me in the first place, to care about the things that you pathologically can’t find interest in. And I am very good at my job, Toni. Very good.”
Bucky’s fist slams into Clint’s face, knocking him back on his ass. Later, he knows he’ll be grateful that it was his real hand, not the metal one, because Toni would be furious with him if he inadvertently kills Clint, but right now, he just wants him to
There’s a sigh that almost sounds like a sob. “You didn’t know her when she wasn’t trying to drink herself to death before the palladium killed her,” Clint says tiredly. “You didn’t know her before Obadiah fucking Stane ripped her arc reactor out of her chest and left her for dead on the floor of her own fucking house. You didn’t know her before a bomb blew up in her face in Afghanistan, and she was tortured and beaten and fucking
“Steve,” she gets out, hazy and dreamy. “Bucky. Where...”
Clint snorts derisively, sticks a hand out sideways to Bucky. “I don’t think we’ve met properly, Sergeant Barnes. I’m Clint Barton, codename Hawkeye. I’m arguably the world’s best marksman, I never miss my shots, and I’m genetically incapable of shutting up.”
“Understood,” half a dozen voices overlap in reply, and he starts to dive for the fire- and fistfight below, to be as close as possible for when Kobik reappears.
“Yes,” Natasha replies immediately. “You enjoy when people fawn over you, соколик, but you fail to realize that Toni is usually the one who tucks you in and spoon-feeds you soup when you’re sick. Or maybe you do and this is just you sulking because Toni is otherwise occupied.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” Steve flops onto his back, and pulls a pillow over his eyes. “I don’t really remember a whole lot clearly. I’m not entirely sure I know what happened and what didn’t.”
Toni feels terrible about it, but she can’t sit still in a chair and learn what fork is for what dish – she already knows to start from the outside and work her way in as the courses come – and she can’t slip on her uncomfortable high heels and learn how to balance on them, not today. Not today, when her skin is crawling and her fingers are itching and her brain can’t settle on a single train of thought for more than a few seconds. Schematics and designs are star-bursting on her eyelids, orderly blue lines spilling out in patterned, complex shapes, unfurling like Mrs. Jarvis’s roses do in the sun, one petal at a time.
The fire’s in his throat, dancing on his tongue, splashes from his smile, and he leans forward and presses his mouth to Steve’s, soft and sweet, and all the lasers and screams and arrows and war cries wash away in purifying blue-white flames.
She leans on her fingertips on Howard’s desktop, like she’s looming over an invisible, cowering minion. She smooths her palms over the scarred cherry wood, sighs low and quiet through her nose, and sits down in Howard’s chair like she’s ascending a throne.
“No,” she says, and she’s a little surprised at how honest that answer really is. “No, James. It’s been, what, eighty years or so for you two? Go. Be with him. I’ll be fine.”
“Ninety-nine, ninety-nine?” She frowns, and absently swerves out of the way to let an island with trees shoot past her. “Where’s the point oh-one?”
If she notices, she doesn’t say, just matches his speed without apparent effort. “We all have our burdens to bear, sweetie,” she says with a grin. “Seriously, though. I can do this all day. Stop fretting at me.” As if to prove her point, she reinserts the earbud with a roll of her eyes and speeds up enough to outstep him, forcing him to catch up to her now.
Two hours later, he’s wishing like fucking hell he’d told Toni to shove it up her ass and stormed out of the lab, because as much as he wants his arm to work, he’s not sure it’s worth
Baldy watches him with a small smile, hooded eyes. “My name is Jasper Sitwell,” he says. “And since your next question will no doubt be something equally vulgar asking where you are or why we captured you, let me cut out all the terribly dull questions and tell you now: you have been apprehended by a SHIELD special operations team, and are on the way to one of our black sites, where you will be held until a list of your very extensive crimes can be compiled.”
“Not everything is about sex, Toni,” Steve says primly, even though the hint of a grin betrays his amusement.
His eyes are blurry and his face is wet and he doesn’t know why, not until her thumb gently brushes away the tears streaming down his face. “I’m sorry,” he says, thick and choking. “I woke up and I didn’t know where I was or who you were. I just reacted and I didn’t mean to fuckin’ hurt you, Jesus Christ, I’m sorry.”
Bucky would like nothing more than to gear up and go find the nearest fully-staffed Hydra base, and lay waste to every brick, every circuit, every piece of flesh and bone he can find inside the walls. That isn’t an option at the moment, so he just stands, and holds her, until she cries herself out. When her breathing changes from hitching inhales to smooth, even breaths, he gets his legs under him and lifts her up in a bridal carry. He can’t run, he can’t go destroy things, so he’s just left with what he can do here and now. Which is… what, exactly?
“Erik?” Tony croaks, because his eyes are not any shade of blue but his own natural color.
This… this will not be tolerated.
It takes half a day before Tony remembers why he hates living with other people.
“You know the rest. She’s carried too much crap for far too long, and then she jumped right into helping you because darling, I love the shit out of you, but you were a fucking mess and I wasn’t much better. And Toni just…”
Bucky pauses, can’t help it, starts to laugh. Laugh until tears are streaming down his face. Laugh until his head is screaming with pain. That ball of fury is so hot now, he feels like it might burn right through his skin.
The air whuffs out of him, and he crashes backwards, away from her, through a reinforced wall, and disappears into the gloomy room in a flurry of drywall dust and disturbed papers.
Is... is Steve
“Scanning for damage now, ma’am,” JARVIS says suddenly, and it’s a little jolting to realize how long she’s been in the suit without bantering with her co-pilot.
He slams the door closed, shutting out Clint’s complaints about
(See the end of the chapter for
He doesn’t slow down at all until he’s halfway back to Manhattan, and he only does that long enough to consider his options. He doesn't have many. He might not have
Morgan tries to interject with more annoying questions and snide observations, but Toni is ignoring him like there’s a gold medal for it at stake. She checks the clock, then closes her eyes and leans her head against Clint’s shoulder again. Fifteen more minutes, and then she can flip New York the bird and fly back to Malibu and her real life. She’s already packed.
She should be enraged that another person has such a hold on her soulmate, and if it were any other person but Toni Stark, she would be. Any other person but Toni Stark, and Natasha would creep quietly into their room in the dead of night and slit their throat. She is cold and practical, and no one who wounds Clint, who drives Clint into the depths of near-panic, deserves to keep breathing.
“I’m sure they will,” he says, but doesn’t believe a word of it.
From: rhodeybear@starkindustries.org
“...if the terms of the budget and estimated dates by which we need the projects completed are acceptable,” Carter is saying, and hands over a sheaf of papers, “sign and initial where the tabs indicate.”
Also by popular demand, I will be writing an alternate take on this universe's soulmates thing. Y'all kinda like Clintashoni a bit, huh? :) It's a secondary priority right now, and I'm aiming for a 10k one-shot to explore what might have happened if Natasha took it on herself to challenge Fate for a ret-con of Toni's soulmarks. Look for it in the near future. :)
She gives the empty bottle a look of extreme distaste as she sets it back down on the edge of the bed. “That,” she says, “is the most disgusting thing I have ever drank, and I have had more than my share of ambiguously-aged workshop coffee.”
She hears a whimper, broken and hopeless. It comes out of her mouth. Twelve minutes is a long fucking time to stay alive with psycho-Superman and his Tonicidal intentions on her ass.
The shower goes a long way to making Toni feel like a human being again, washing away aches and doubts with the filth and blood, swirls it down the drain in a froth of vanilla-scented shampoo and Irish Spring soap.
She hitches forward, wraps her legs around his waist, her arms around his neck, trusting him bear her weight completely. “Fuck the meeting,” she agrees, and sinks her teeth into his earlobe, thrilling when his breath stutters, bites down the side of his neck. Doesn’t even care when he nearly loses his grip on her. “Bedroom, now. Go.”
With that, she bolts, kicking up sand and tearing down the beach like a shot from a gun. Even though he’d expected her to cheat her perky little ass off, he’s still startled by the speed.
On the bright side, he has a week before he’s due back to let Toni convert Lola’s engine to accept reactor tech in place of Howard Stark’s brilliant-but-antique systems. Plenty of time to figure out how to tiptoe around this particular caffeine-fuelled minefield.
“You assumed correctly,” Toni replies, still trying to process exactly how damaged her hand had to be to warrant that many nanites swarming around to repair things. “Six colonies. Fuck.” She shifts her head a little, scanning for any of the screen feeds she knows Helen’s got running, but the angle is completely wrong. “How’s it going?”
“Make a list,” Coulson says through the earpiece, and Toni makes a face. “The Manor is too compromised for safety right now, Toni. We can't risk either of you being here for any length of time.”
There’s resistance as she descends into the lower levels, full of shouting and gunfire and the kind of energetics that she usually lives for, but just can’t dredge the fucks to give about now. Her arms are leaden, try to refuse to lift, but she keeps raising them, and the whine of her repulsors keep jolting her out of the fog settling in her thoughts.
but Toni hears them anyway. “The black site is thirty miles from the turn-off. Give them a lead of fifteen. No more than twenty.”
Bucky’s grin slowly fades. “Christ,” he murmurs, swallows, comes to his feet. “Look at you two.” His hands are trembling, flex and relax at his thighs. “Just look at the two of you.”
“Fuck your apologies,” he says, and the fear comes out harsh and rough in his throat. “You don’t get to die here. You haven’t found us yet. So get your fucking ass off the floor, and get the fucking reactor back in your chest. I’m waitin’ for you, moron. You won’t find me if you don’t get the fuck up and save yourself!”
“Steve!” she says, laughing and crying and smoothing her hands over his skin. “God, Steve. You’re awake.”
Thinks again of Peggy’s ruined face. Thinks of Bucky, and everything Iron Man is probably doing to him, torture and experimentation, inside that tower.
She knows what she has. And it’s a
, J.”
“As you wish, ma’am.”
One of the nice things about Stark Tower, a feature that the mansion in Malibu and the Manor don’t have, is that all the training rooms, ranges, med labs and science workshops have observation lounges built above them. Natasha is positive that Toni is not the one who designed them like that; she thinks Pepper might have had some say, a last-ditch effort to keep some semblance of an eye on Toni’s workshop binges, though Toni’s workshop never did have its observation lounge constructed.
sick anymore. Wonders if this Iron Man’s ray weapons have the ability to affect him on a cellular level. Feels a surge of irritation and anger at the thought of Iron Man, visceral and sharp. He needs answers. He needs his life back. He needs…
He learns that they will snap and scrap, fight like animals sometimes, tearing at each other’s throats and loudly listing each other’s faults, but it’s another way they show affection.
“Normally, sir, I would say no, but given ma’am’s physical condition has deteriorated, I believe extenuating circumstances allow me to classify any such order as pursuant to my secondary protocols, ensuring ma’am’s wellbeing.”
“Mark V rolled out of assembly in four hours, twenty two minutes, ma’am.”
“Goddammit, Toni,” he says, and his heart is breaking. “You don't deserve any of this.”
“Fitz,” Jemma says gently, framing his face in her palms and looking him in the eye with a soft, fond expression, “if you take away the uniforms, what’s the difference between us and the Avengers?”
He pulls back, flushed and breathing raggedly, cups her face in his hands before smoothing them over her back, ending with a sharp tug at her waist to pull her firmly against him. A soft whine resonates in the back of her throat. “Doesn’t matter,” he says, and she probably shouldn’t find that possessive tone such a turn-on, but it never fails to set her trembling. He bends, pushes the hem of her yoga tank top down with his chin and presses a soft kiss to the soulmark. “You’re mine. I’m yours. Everything else is negotiable.”
Has to be driving Carol fucking
are happy thoughts I could take to Neverland.”
When Toni wakes, she’s alone in the bed. She hazily blinks conscious, letting information coalesce from the sunlight streaming through the window, the soft warmth of her mattress, and the faint scent of Steve on the pillow under her head inform her of where she is. Normally, she wakes grumpy, snappish and growling at everyone and everything that gets between her and her morning cup of coffee… but this morning, she just stretches languorously, rolling like a cat under the covers, before sliding off the mattress and stretching again, toes to fingertips.
“Any softer, and they’ll be beds,” Clint says, and shoves his hand out towards her. She glares at it, but grabs it and lets Clint pull her back to her feet. He grins and swigs from a bottle of water, wiping his mouth with the back of his wrist. “You’re getting better, though. Last week, you would have bitched at me to leave you there to die.”
“Stark? Stark!”
is all it says, and Steve smiles ruefully. No help there. Or maybe it’s exactly the help he needs. “Well,” he says, carefully tearing the sketch of frazzled Toni out of his sketchbook and laying it aside to smooth his hand over a fresh sheet. “I can’t think of anything better to try, so let’s do what the lady says, JARVIS, and call Pepper.”
Toni is only on her feet because the suit is keeping her up. JARVIS has commandeered the life support functions of the suit, and she has to tolerate the indignity of an intravenous needle jammed into her wrist that’s pumping mild painkillers, fluids and nutrients into her. It’s the compromise they make.
In another life, they might even have grown up together, because this is Aunt Peggy's niece, and they’re roughly the same age.
-----
Steve steps back with a funny, endearing smile Toni can’t decipher, and his hand drops away from her neck. He reaches over his shoulder to pull the cowl on, adjusting it with deft tugs. “I thought I’d ask you to take me flying.”
“I’m sure I wouldn’t know what you’re talking about, ma’am,” comes JARVIS’s mild-toned reply. “Approaching the designated co-ordinates, estimated arrival at Zima Station in approximately two minutes.”
“It means almost nothing?” Tony says lightly, tries not to let it sting as much as it does.
He mentally navigates the labyrinthine circuits and pathways of the system as he carefully picks his way through the half-removed debris and scattered tools and equipment left behind by the absentee workers. All this needs to be the perfect setting for a horror movie is a big-chested blonde and some sparking, flickering lighting.
he could find, carefully tied together with leftover pieces of twine and read and re-read on days he was too sick to get out of bed. Cyborgs and mutants and computers that could think like people and flying machines that could go to the moon kept his mind occupied, his hands sketching what his imagination spun with his chewed-up pencils and jealously-hoarded scraps of paper.
Compromise, as in, he tells her very firmly what she is going to need to do in order to finish the mission, and in return for these concessions, he will not inform either Pepper, Clint or Natasha about her location or condition. The thought of none of them finding out is more than enough to convince her to do what her impertinent busybody AI tells her. Pepper’s goddamn terrifying when she’s in the middle of directing a project – Stark Tower in New York, this time – and Clint likes to shoot things that annoy him with arrows. Natasha is the world's most creative sadist, especially when devising ways to express her displeasure. For none of them to ever know is suddenly Toni’s deepest wish.
“Well,” Clint says, leaning against the frame of his balcony doors with his arms crossed across his chest. “This is a new look for you, Tony. Something you want to share with the class?”
“What’s… going on?”
Her thoughts go smooth and icy. Her head stops pounding. The shivering in her hands stills.
Her captors have seen her soulmarks, seen them bright and vivid on her skin,  and are confident their clarity means they can treat her how they like and she’ll survive it all. But there’s illness raging in her, ravaging the little strength she has left, sapping everything but the desperate wish to die.
Faster than she could have believed possible, he whips his arm forward. She takes a vibranium shield to the face, and the comm drops out.
. But no, Toni fucking Stark has to hare off on her own like some sort of commando--”
Bits of her armor are folding, retracting, sliding away. She doesn’t remember giving the command, but she must have. “James,” she breathes, hitches. “You’re here.”
“Of course, Director,” JARVIS says pleasantly. “They report they are happy to join you, and will arrive presently.” There’s a tiny hesitation before he says, “Shall I recall the quinjet, Director? Notify ma’am and the Captain to return?”
In the silence that abruptly follows his involuntary outburst, Clint blinks owlishly at him, and guilt flushes through Steve, because if there’s one thing Clint rarely displays, it’s outright shock. “Sorry,” he mutters, goes back to drawing.
“It's meant to be integrated under layers of reinforced Starkweave with your uniform,” Toni says, trotting back to him and reaching out to undo the bindings. “Which is almost ready, actually. Fabrication sent word that the preliminary work is done. They need a fitting to make adjustments, and then it’s finished.”
The van jerks to the right, wheels screeching on the asphalt, and Toni drives her armored fingers into the underside of the roof, hauls herself forward. The van floor creaks in protest under her weight. Its speed drops significantly.
Has Toni actually noticed, but is just trying to spare his feelings?
“Soulbond psychosis is a rare condition affecting the mental, emotional and physical health of bonded partners,” JARVIS says. “Most reported instances of the condition occur when one or more partners are in extreme physical danger or emotional distress. It is most commonly suffered by those whose partners serve in active combat zones, or in dangerous occupations.”
She can’t wait to see the look on his face when she tells him she doesn’t plan on having any kids anytime soon, if she has them at all.
Nidavellir was cold and quiet.
“Dreadfully so, ma’am,” JARVIS replies dryly. “Even if I had such information, perhaps hypothetically obtained by analyzing video capture of Colonel Danvers as she entered and moved through the manor, it would run counter to my personality matrix to provide such information to you without sufficient cause.”
Silence reigns, broken only by Bucky’s soft, lost swearing and Toni’s ragged breathing. They’re still huddled together like survivors of a natural disaster, staring at nothing, clinging and clutching and hollow-eyed.
Deliberately, she stands up.
Toni frowns and opens the throttle, diving to skim along the rippling surface of the ocean. “Okay. Is there something wrong?”
. I have business cards and letterheads and a personal secretary who answers the phone with ‘Ms. Stark’s office’. So I will run this company in the manner I believe is most appropriate. My father believed in a carrot and a stick. I believe in a compassionate heart. No more weapons. End of discussion.”
“One of the many services I’m paid to offer.” His hand rubs her upper arm, soothing and warm. “Wanna talk about why your panties are in a bunch about soulmates this time?”
He learns that Natasha will disappear into the gym with a grim look in her eye, and punch the heavy bags until her hands bleed. He learns never to try and engage her when she’s in these moods, but to make his presence known because she takes comfort in knowing that she isn’t isolated and alone.
His shoulders go tight and bristly at the sound of Clint’s voice. “--in the fucking eye, Nat!” he complains, accompanied by a sound like rattling ice cubes in a bag. “It
“Noted, JARVIS. Keep me posted.”
Footsteps thunder in the hall, voices calling excitedly, yells back and forth that echo and rebound through his ears. He tenses, crouching on the floor like an animal, head swinging back and forth until he locates the door. He is all instinct now, tight and ready to bolt the moment he has an opportunity.
Incredibly, her eyes open and focus on him. Hazed and in pain, she gives him a dreamy smile. “I’m … sorry…”
The bond opens in glorious violence, snapping into place in nuclear heat and light.
“Seriously? I buy your tampons, Toni,” Rhodey says evenly. “Talking about your menstrual cycle isn’t going to scare me off.”
“Carol, I can almost guarantee you won’t believe a word,” Tony says cheerfully. “But just remember, that isn’t going to make it less true.”
“Normally, no. I'm feeling weirdly up for it now, however.”
“Anyone have any brain bleach?” Peter Parker asks after a long, awkward silence. “Cos that’s an image I need to burn out of my head as soon as possible.”
It’s rage and pain. Grief and soul-numbing despair. It’s standing in the rain beside a fresh-dug grave. It’s landing rough and hard outside the medical facility because he’s crying too hard, shaking with fury too hard, to see straight.
“M’sorry,” Toni slurs, and kisses his ear gently as she rocks her hips in a slow and lazy rhythm, riding him until he softens and slips out of her. “Shoulda locked th’ door. Y’with me?”
He just wants to be able to look at himself in the mirror and know who he is. Because right now, he may be Steve Rogers. He may be Captain America. But he no longer has any idea of what that means.
He’s just not in the mood to do anything but stare out a window and try to see the city he remembers in the skyline he no longer knows. Maybe punch a few heavy bags into submission. And… if he’s being as honest with himself as he usually is, he’s also a little worried that he’s going to see Toni’s face, and all the conditioning is going to come roaring back.
Toni levels her best glare on him, knowing even as she does so it will skid right off his perfectly pressed service blues and shiny medals. “I hate you,” she mutters, but slides her hand through his proffered elbow and slips into step with him.
She’s given meds that are worse than useless, long past their expiry dates, some of them degraded enough to make her sicker. The water is stagnant and filthy, and she’s having trouble keeping track of how much she’s drunk after boiling, and how much she’s drunk having forgotten to boil it.
“J, call Clint for me.”
Her vision swims and greys, and she shakes her head sharply. Goddamn, what the hell did he hit her with, a sledgehammer? “Not if you’re going to use it to nag at me.”
Tony jerks back into his own head with a sharp gasp, and freezes like a deer in headlights with every cell of his being yowling at him to
“Yes.” Again, no hesitation. Scary.
not out.” Bucky pulls her into his chest, and the solid warmth is enough anchor her. Her lungs fill in a gasping rush. “Out again. Slowly, Toni. Again. Slow, deep breath, sweetheart, c’mon,” Bucky says, ghosting his hand up and down her spine, keeping her eyes on his, keeping her focused. “Just breathe with me. In and out, Toni. You’re doing good. Just keep breathing. Get control of it, there you go. Deep breath, out again. You got this.”
Phil considers it, God help him. Barnes, Rogers and Stark are all heavy hitters, and he could really use them right now. “Let’s keep that in reserve, JARVIS,” he says. “They have seventy-two hours, so let them enjoy as much as they can of it.”
No matter which way he pulls at it, he can conclude one thing for sure: Schmidt is afraid of the Phoenix. He doesn't know why, though he can make a few educated guesses, but the why doesn't really matter. What matters is that he needs to find and recruit Tony as soon as possible. He's spent years cultivating the man's loyalty and love. Maybe it's finally time to capitalize on that.
The voice is feminine, familiar, British. He opens his eyes, focuses past the swimming and shifting of his vision, sees brown curls and warm brown eyes, streaked with tears and rimmed with red. Her hands are shaking as they touch his face.
“J,” she says, resting a hand on the glass and taking one last, long look at the cityscape before she turns to put in a good twenty, thirty minutes on the Mark VIII, “pull up the latest armor specs and give me a holo, if you please?”
His shoulder loosens in a soft huff of amusement. “
“11:04am, ma’am. Your press conference begins in 56 minutes. Miss Potts has scheduled a note that she will arrive in approximately 6 minutes to begin your preparations.” A beat. “Shall I send your assistant for coffee, ma’am?”
“Who’s kicking my ass now?” comes Bucky’s voice from the direction of the elevator, as he steps through the doors, still toweling his hair. Carol raises her hand, and Bucky snorts. “Old news. Besides—” He moves to the armchair Natasha left and plops down into it. “—it wasn’t a fair fight.”
“You may have been intoxicated, ma’am, though I am unable to definitively state one way or the other as I have no records concerning the time before I came online. Shall I prepare a search algorithm to see if there is any pertinent data, possibly involving nudity and public fountains, located on Youtube?”
“Yes, ma’am. Captain Rogers texted ten minutes ago to inform you he was making an additional stop on the way back from the market. He estimates that it should add no more than an additional 45 minutes to his outing.”
------
“Okay,” he says, but keeps looking back over his shoulder at her, standing in the workshop doorway, as he walks down the hall.
Satisfaction warms through the bond, and Fitz gapes at Jemma as she nods. “You can’t be serious,” he says.
Even a thousand miles away, Natasha can feel Clint’s anger. Their bond has always been stronger for her than it has been for him, stronger and steadier than studies say bonds usually are. It was disquieting at first, in the early days, to feel someone else’s unchecked emotions, their raw pain and effervescent joy, sitting beneath her skin like a ball of electricity, but she’s come to appreciate it over their time together. Her life has been spent sussing out the deepest truths of her targets, keeping her own reactions under tight control. It’s comforting to know that there is one person she never has to
“I thought you liked Bucky.”
They’re doing this. Really, really doing this. And despite having been the driving force behind it all happening, Tony’s still finding it hard to believe that once again, superheroes and various powers are gathering to go to war against their own.
The suit doesn’t even sputter. It responds to every muscle movement, every microgesture, as though it’s reading her thoughts. “J,” she says, breathless after pulling out of a steep dive in time for her right gauntlet to skim the surface of the water, “Take dictation.
“Why would she?” Frigga asked wryly. “Godhood never comes before the Test of Virtue at twenty. She certainly won’t suspect it’s come for her now.”
“I have broken through six layers of SHIELD secure encryption,” JARVIS reports in a clipped tone. “I have located files regarding Captain Rogers, as per your directives; however, their contents contain nothing that is not already part of the public record. I am continuing my search, but SHIELD’s network is vast. I estimate it will take me several days to perform a thorough sweep.”
life, Toni has a hard time restraining herself from punching Agent Sharon Carter in the fucking teeth.
“Soulmates,” Toni announces, throwing herself at Rhodey’s couch and sprawling over as much space as she can manage, “are bullshit.”
Or punch him in the mouth for Toni.
The mech doesn’t kill him on power-up, and despite a few hair-raising moments of alarms and warnings flashing, it proves space worthy too, which is always a worry of his. After all the shit he’s been through, Tony Stark is not going to get taken out of the boss battle by something as pedestrian as vacuum exposure before the fight even starts. So it’s nice when his tech behaves and the seals hold as they should.
“In the shower!” she calls back, and turns to let the water batter at the scars surrounding the arc reactor, the chest muscles that never truly lose their dull ache. Cold air swirls abruptly as the bathroom door opens. A silhouette stops in front of the frosted glass door, appears to hover there. She watches as he reaches for the sliding door and hesitates. “You can join me if you want,” she says, and ducks her head beneath the spray.
He sighs and props his chin on his hand, going down the list of who’d be best suited for what and trying to figure out how to fill the holes left by the fact that there are only six Avengers -- seven, if he counts the Hulk, like Toni suggested -- but he thinks he might have some pull with a couple of SHIELD agents he can ask to join the project.
Clint makes an indignant nose. “I
Her last thought is,
Somewhere in the inferno, Steve’s fingers lace through his, and he leans in to rest his forehead against Tony's. And this time, there’s absolutely no uncertainty at all in Tony’s mind that
After a shower and a fresh change of clothes, she towels her hair dry and wanders into the kitchen. Just like Steve’s note via JARVIS promised, there’s a plate of food sitting in the warmer, and coffee in the pot. She eats her breakfast sandwich over the sink and drinks her first cup of coffee while she’s at it. She pours another cup, then heads down to the workshop to sink some time into some things she needs to do.
Hot, boiling anger tries to rise, but he squashes it down without hesitation. Pulls a little bit on the Winter Soldier as he rubs her back gently, discipline and ice to temper raw aggression and fury. He bottles it all away, and puts it on the mental shelf labeled
“Yes,” Bucky says warily, echoed nasally by Steve a second later.
“It is,” he insists, and pins her hand under his. “You think Stevie’d begrudge you this? You two are the biggest fuckin’ idiots I know. Knew.” Swallows. Voice is getting slurred now, a pleasant numbing tingle spreading where stabbing and burning had before.  “Shit. You both fight and fight and fight, but once someone’s past your walls, there’s nothing you wouldn’t do for them. Touch the fucking mark, Toni. Have at least that much of him. I don’t mind, and neither would he.”
“With any luck, there are home videos around. After all, why should I have to suffer alone with that memory?” Toni slides back onto his lap, wrapping an arm around his back to secure her seat and resting her head against his shoulder.
against that kind of shit when a soulbond is involved.”
But first, she needs to take care of the new kiddo, count the fingers and toes, make sure he's healthy and whole.
He lets himself be led in and babbled at, because he’s still trying to formulate what he wants to say. He can’t even register that she’s making him a new goddamn arm, which is lying half-assembled on the table and which she is cheerfully ranting about, because he’s caught in feedback loop that begins with
Coulson, bless him, never loses his calm because Coulson’s just like that. Toni’s fairly sure a nuclear warhead could fall out of the sky on top of his head and he wouldn’t even blink. Toni isn’t at all sure how he’s even tracking all of the words flying at him right now, but he’s bouncing back and forth between them all with hardly a pause for breath.
That shouldn’t be as comforting or arousing as it is, should it? She touches his cheek, soft and gentle. “I love you too, Bucky.”
, but she’s almost done. One more day. “It looked comfy, and it is. It’ll be Morgan’s soon enough, and I wish him much joy in it.”
“Yeah, I have something,” Peter Quill says, raising his hand from his spot by the window. He side-eyes Tony and raises a palm in skeptic question. “Are we actually buying this? Cap as a Hydra agent? Come on, I could think up a better ridiculous story after a night drinking with Thor. In Asgard.”
“... Stark?”
As he steps back and nods, as Fennhoff enters a final command into the keyboard, half a second before his world washes white and clean with pain and fire, Steve screams in wordless, futile rage deep in the dark of his mind.
"Many of the cameras have been disabled, ma'am," JARVIS says calmly. "I am attempting to reroute power, but I believe our attackers are using scrambling technology, which is beyond my present capabilities to circumvent. I detect at least eight other unknowns in the upper levels, but the route to your workshop appears to be clear for the time being. Might I suggest you hasten that way?"
, just let me leave, Tash. Just let me get some distance so I can figure out how to live without him. I can’t do that here, I can’t…”
“Yes, do. Pause it when it’s ready for the paint cycles, though. I still haven’t decided if I want the classic design or the alternate version.”
(See the end of the chapter for
To his surprise, as he's about to plant himself in a comfy armchair and settle in for the long haul, Stark's secretary — a new one since his last visit, and very, very pretty — smiles at him and says, “You can go right in, Agent Coulson. Toni’s expecting you.”
“Very well, ma’am.” JARVIS sounds pleased, the little bastard, and inside the helmet, Clint’s picture flashes on the damaged HUD as the connection goes through.
, he thinks distantly.
The door opens behind her. “Hey, birthday girl,” Rhodey says cheerfully. “I thought we agreed after ‘01 that you were never going to lock yourself in the workshop on your birthday again.”
I revolutionize
The Winter Soldier’s eyes drop to her chest, where her arc reactor glows softly, bracketed on either side by a star. One red and silver, one white and blue. Hesitantly, his natural hand reaches out to ghost over her collarbone, rest on the red star. She shivers. He’s barely touching at first, but gradually presses more firmly. Instinct makes her reach her own out, slide her palm against his skin, covering the blue circle with its white hollow triangle.
Toni sits with her fingers steepled, elbows on the table and tips of her index and middle fingers pressing into the curve where her nose meets her forehead, breathing evenly. Around her, chaos reigns as Clint and Natasha -- mostly Clint -- rage at Coulson for the content of Morse’s message, while Bucky stalks like a caged lion.  Rhodey and Carol are equally as strident, throwing out plan after plan of attack, everything from surgical strikes to all-out assault aided by SEAL teams because it’s
She stares at him, an eyebrow arched. “Flying.”
Even after Toni waves their politely-tolerant soulmate off with a fond roll of her eyes and dramatic sigh, Bucky stays with her, letting his mind work at the thing niggling under his thoughts while he watches her from the corner of his eye. There is absolutely fuck all in her stance, expression, or way she’s moving to indicate anything’s wrong, but the feeling he’s just not seeing something refuses to go away.
To: sgrogers@starkindustries.org
“Makes sense,” Steve agrees, and he’s back to smiling that weird, fond smile, and their blended mark pulses warm and happy.
“... Peggy?” Yes, he's certain that's her name, and her face lights up with relief. Things are coming back to him, sluggish and dim. “Peggy Carter. You're with Strategic Scientific Reserve. You oversaw the training for Project Rebirth. I remember--” He trails off, watching her face crumple again.
Clint's head goes down, and the plastic of the water bottle crackles in his white-knuckled hand. He sucks in a single shuddering breath and lets it out in a rush. “Coming from you…” he says, and shakes his head.
He had his first appointment with the cognitive therapist this morning, a blonde woman with a severe bun and black-framed glasses who introduced herself as Barb. She suggested that he try to deal with his disbelief by breaking it down, one statement at a time. “Look at yourself in the mirror, say each line with as much conviction as you can. Keep note of what feels right and what feels wrong. If you can identify exactly what you have trouble accepting,” she said to him, “you know what areas to work on.”
“Someone’s been seriously fucking with your head, Rogers. As far as I know, Peggy Carter is alive and fucking well at the ripe old age of ninety-seven in a nursing home in Cambridge, England,” she snaps. “No one’s killed her. You were never married. She married some guy named Gabriel back in the fifties.”
Tony closes his eyes for a moment, fights down the uncertainty and doubt, then sighs. “Making sure Kobik doesn’t start enlisting you all against your will,” he says quietly, and hears/feels/senses the semi-jovial mood in the army around him plummet into something darker and grimmer. “And making sure that Steve comes back to us, without all the crazy Nazi crap she stuffed in his head.”
But silently takes her hand and gets back to his feet. Something flickers through his eyes, too fast for most people to register. Toni sees it, though, and she isn’t most people. A tiny furrow between his eyebrows. Confusion. Uncertainty. A twitch in his metal fingers, possibly a glitch in the cyberware because Hydra’s competency with technology is laughable at best, but possibly an aborted instinct to touch the blue circle. “I…” A tiny hesitation. “I do not understand why,” he says.
“I… don’t know,” he says uncertainly. “I…”
“Uh huh,” she says, a little breathless, a little dazed, and her hands start running through his hair again. “Still forgiven.”
“Define
With that, she turns back to her desk to answer the ringing phone with a crisp, “Dr. Stark's office”, leaving Phil to contemplate the coffee cart next to the door. If he remembers correctly, Toni takes extra white, extra sweet, so he carefully fixes her a cup, then one for himself, and juggles them in order to open the doors.
He feels almost obligated to point out the obvious. “It's Monday morning.”
He gives her his best smile. “Indulge me?”
He has knives now, wickedly curved kukris from one of Natasha’s many hidden caches. They’re not fighting to kill, he realizes quickly, the first time he is tagged by a shot from one of their guns and has to pull a trank dart out of his body. It dug into a scratch in his metal arm, a lucky shot that means he doesn’t have to shake off wooziness as his system tries to process sedatives. But that’s their disadvantage. They don’t want to kill him. They want him alive.
He can’t even get the full sentence out before his instincts are screaming that it’s false. He closes his eyes, and the headache constantly lurking behind his eyes throbs forward. “I am the successor to….” The headache surges, the nausea churns, and he swallows hard. “My mother was Sarah Rogers. She died of breast--”
I couldn't have done this without the encouragement, support and sharp beta cheerleader skills of  Medie, JustAnotherPipeDream and SilverShadowKit, who kept me going, propped me up when I was down, and helped me dig myself out of plot holes and painted-in corners. Couldn't have done it without you.
"Rhodes, I am going to fucking
Toni swears as something inside Bucky's arm singes her fingers, jerks her hand out and sucks the burn with an irritated glower. “Ow,” she complains, pops the finger out of her mouth to examine her fingertips. Her index and middle finger are red and stinging, but it doesn’t seem to be too bad. She reaches in, more cautiously, and feels her way along burned out circuits, blindly rewiring by touch and gut feeling. “Try now. Anything?”
Toni lets him interlock their fingers, and her palm is cool against his. “I am kinda hungry,” she says with a wry smile. “Breakfast was hours ago. Thanks, by the way. It was delicious.”
she screamed, and turned and ran, a phantom fleeing ghosts in a realm of the dead.
There isn’t an immediate fourth attacker.
so. Didn’t have to get all dramatic on me.”
He’s never seen anything more beautiful.
James is on the floor, beat to shit and with torn-up clothes, trussed like a Christmas turkey, painted red-brown with dried blood, and laughing like a loon. There are ropes around his neck, tied to long poles held by two black-clad agents.
a host. And I no longer am, because Extremis did its job and killed the infecting entity before it could affect me.”
Impulse makes him reach out and lay his hand over Tony’s, but it’s a smart move, he thinks, because Tony is just as touch-oriented as he is perpetually touch-starved, and he knows it has the desired effect when Tony’s eyes dilate, his face flushes, and he inhales, soft but fast.
It sounds like Steve, the arm that slings companionably over his shoulders as they fall into step together certainly feels like Steve’s, but Tony can't help but feel like something is just a little bit off. Unease roils low in his gut, a faint burn of discomfort that sits like a cold stone quietly in the background, light enough that it isn't demanding his attention, heavy enough that he can't ignore it.
Steve?” she yelps, waving her arms at him. Anger and indignation catch up to the surprise, fed by the steady pulse of amusement under the white star on her chest. “I wasn’t ready! You could have hurt me.”
The blade hisses and steams as she quenches it. Reheats it. Hammers again. Quenches again. When that blade is done, she moves onto the next unshaped metal. And the next. And the next. Sometimes she looks up, and Bucky is sitting silently on a stool, watching her with dark, angry eyes. Sometimes it’s Clint, perched above her in a vent. It’s never Natasha, but Toni wouldn’t see Natasha anyway, unless Natasha wanted her to. She ignores them all, because she can’t stop. Most of the time, she’s alone.
“Do you?” Clint readjusts his hands, and Steve reaches for the eraser again, counting to ten in his head as he does. “You’re clearly stupid for her. I’m pretty sure she’s agreeable to the thought of you in a suit. Or out of the suit, for that matter. She’s single, you’re single. I just fail to see the problem when it’s painfully obvious--” He
Tony’s heard the stories from Xavier’s group, knows what happened to Jean Grey, but somehow, the reality of its mind-blowingly, thought-meltingly
His eyes shift, darken, widen, and his body goes tense. But it’s way too late for that.
“I'm sorry, sir,” JARVIS says, “but I cannot.”
But this time he will.
I hope you enjoy!
It would be his luck to catch surprise telepathy from the Phoenix infection. He wonders if he should visit Jean Grey’s grave and thank her in all four-letter words for that gift.
Steve, Steve, Steve.
it,” Frigga said primly, and allowed herself to smile as she kissed her husband’s cheek and let him fold her into an embrace. “As long as they
Bucky side-eyes Clint, arches an eyebrow at him. “Your hand’s twitching,” he says. “Like you want your bow.”
The memory of Rhodey’s funeral flashes through his mind again. Sobbing over his body. Fighting in his armor at the end of it all, because no one would ever fight in it again. And
Russian in this chapter:
But hey, still breathing. She’s labeling that a win. Tentatively.
There are at least three dozen people in various states of approaching the Helicarrier
She has her own workshop in the house, but she doesn’t use it for anything but rudimentary devices, copies of Howard's tech. Her sketchbooks are filled with innovations and groundbreaking theories. She has theoretically miniaturized the first arc reactor, the big one in the reception area of the Stark Industries building, the one Howard is
The image of a face churns, surges, breaks the surface for just a moment. A gentle, elderly man with a kind smile. An echo, distant and tinny:
a solution exists. Steve’s biding his time,
All the best. <3 you all.
“Tomorrow, I think. Cho’s landing in an hour, and Coulson’s arranging transport for her and all her shiny shit. Gonna take her awhile to set up, so I’m guessing it’ll be tomorrow afternoon at the earliest.”
From the other side, Steve’s hand slides over his, slots into the grooves between his knuckles, squeezes warm and fond, and red and gold and white and blue gleams through a breeze laced with ozone, coffee and the clean scent of sunlight on skin. “You’re not alone, Buck,” he says with the sort of effortless confidence that convinces men they can carry the moon if only Steve asks them to. “You’re never alone. We’re here, both of us.”
Clint doesn’t move, so Bucky doesn't either. “I can almost guarantee that it won't be just sleep happening,” he says, leaning on the door frame with his forearm. “That sits okay with you?”
“Iron Man?”
needs to tell Steve.
“Only attempting to be thorough, ma’am. Diagnostic complete. Filtration system operating at 99.99% efficiency.”
“People say I never learn, Cap,” Tony says thoughtfully, eyes focused on the bright pastel smears of the sunset. “But I do. I really do. I’m not going to forget what happened to Summers and the others when the Phoenix Force took them over. I’m 95% sure what happened to them isn’t going to happen to me. The problem is that other pesky five percent. That’s where the chances of me going Darth Ferrous lie. So maybe don’t take me on faith, but at least give me a chance.”
