The court case that had been ramping up between his parents vanished like smoke in the wind after his father’s death. His mother had been quiet and refused to talk about it, seemingly pulling away from Sam. His younger brother still blamed himself for telling their father of their mother’s outings, for telling the court how he didn’t want to live with her, and then when the bodies were found Mary and Sam were trapped in the same home, with no more hope of space from one another. If they weren’t outright ignoring one another they were fighting and arguing.
“No, but I am way too old to have never even been courted once.” He grumbled, fighting the urge to cross his arms; he was not pouting.
Castiel chuckled at Dean’s exuberance, the human had so much life to him and Castiel found himself drawn to the light like a moth to a flame. He moved his hand from behind his back to show the pie to Dean.
“My brother takes my spot in Heaven. He gets to live his life without any demons or monsters or anything. My mother isn’t killed by any demons or monsters and when she dies, she doesn’t get made into a demon.”
Asmodeus grinned, feeling the fight brewing even from underneath his borrowed skin, “perhaps we should show this human what our father thought of his kind?”
Crowley quickly sat on the empty chair beside Dean, “not to worry Squirrel, Gabriel is on his own side but he loves Jack and Castiel. He can be counted as an ally.” His eyes took in the young man sitting across from him. Sam’s long chestnut hair framed his face and made his bright hazel eyes stand out, a kaleidoscope of colors that hypnotized anyone that stared too long.
Dean’s eyes widened staring at the beautiful golden flaked pie and back to the Angel, “you got me pie with bourbon? Marry me!”
“You saying you not interested?” The human responded cheekily, his bravado not enough to hide his body’s responses from the celestial being.
-“demon, yes. Thank you for finally getting up to speed. Where is Mary Campbell?” He pulled out a scroll of aged parchment and read it over to himself ignoring a fish mouthed Dean.
“It’s Sam, and I missed you too Dean.” Sam looked at his brother questionly. “Come on let’s get some coffee and catch up. I know a place on campus that serves great pie.”
“I know you’re far more than your looks and a bright burning soul. But yes, courting would entail spending time together, getting to know one another, gifts, sharing meals...perhaps more if we both consent.”
“Feathers, have you seen our favorite freckled human? The Princes are here and demanding an audience, I figured this was a good time to take him topside so they don’t cross paths. Maybe get him some pie so he could stop whining about the lack of down here.”
“Yup, and a terrible one. He told me right away why they sent him, because he doesn’t believe in their mission. He believes in me and that I can do real good here and keep the balance.”
“Hey,” Dean wrapped his arms around the frazzled looking teenager. “I’m okay, and I’m gonna always be okay. I’ve got you and Cas looking out for me right? You don’t ever have to worry about losing me. I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean rolled his eyes, “expecting everyone to have their lives planned out before they’re legally allowed to drink alcohol is stupid. We don’t care about that type of stuff Dri, but even so, look at all the awesome ideas you’ve had with the honey business. The new jars, the sample desserts, the website… I mean you’ve helped the business grow.”
Meeting Dean at the end of his first week, he had realized he needed to order more and probably start wearing a plug because the other Alpha was just as if not more gorgeous than his Alpha husband. Tan skin dotted with freckles, sandy hair and green eyes so mesmerizing Dri could get lost in them and never want to find his way out. The first time he saw those perfectly plump Cupid bow lips press against Castiel’s pale pink chapped ones, the Omega couldn’t look away. They were beautiful and absolutely perfect together.
“This is exquisite. The honey is so rich and flavorful it’s allowing me to taste everything else in the recipe. That’s never happened before.”
“I...I don’t know. I mean they’re incredible, beautiful, funny, loving, they’re the best men I know but I never even entertained the idea of actually having them. I mean, I’m just me.”
“No, of course not. I just gave you what I could. I swear I am not sending you my entire check Sam. God’s honest truth.”
Dean’s head bounced back and forth between them until he realized what was happening, “nope nope, nuh uh, knock it off. I don’t like this at all.”
“None of you will have the throne. Ever! You will never keep the balance, you will never keep Heaven out of our business and you will all just fight with each other and destroy everything my father built. I am the rightful heir, I am my father’s son and I am a Morningstar. It wasn’t a title I bequeathed myself, it is a birthright. I’m glad you love Hell enough that you want the best for our kind, but I am what’s best. And I will not keep entertaining anyone’s delusions of grandeur to say otherwise.”
Crowley came back to inform them it was time to go. The brothers hugged each other tightly and Dean promised to stay in touch more.
“Oh how I’d love for this to be the type of deal we seal with a kiss. Those plush lips look delicious.”
Castiel glowered at no one in particular, “no, they were generals under Lucifer. The first demons created after Lilith, when Hell was first made. They gave themselves the title of Princes, trying to make themselves seem more important than they are. It would be like Lilith calling herself Queen when she was actually just Lucifer’s experiment in breaking our father’s creation. To then claim it as a failure because once everything my father added was taken out it no longer worked the same.”
The pair continued eating, cleaning off their plates before cutting a more modest second helping. The hallway was silent except for the ting of forks hitting plates and pleased hums.
Jack's grin was nearly blinding as he turned back towards Dean, “is it true Dean? You agreed to stay here and help me?”
He put the mail on the kitchen counter as the automatic sprinkler system turned on. Mary had gotten it earlier, saying she didn’t want Dean coming over while she was away and wasting his time looking after the small home. He didn’t mind though, he liked feeling useful and just wanted to help. He knew he’d always been a bit of a people pleaser. Back when he was still dating Lisa, she pushed for him to go to therapy; he never thought he needed it but he wanted to make her happy. It was the people pleaser in him, he was well aware. Therapy had been fine, soothing even. At least until the doctor claimed that Dean was abused growing up and was forced into a role of “emotional parentification” by his mother whose constant abandonment forced him to try and take an adult role too early. Dean got so angry at the doctor and so defensive of his mother and family that he stormed out and never went back. The relationship with Lisa didn’t last much longer after that either.
He showered so quickly he didn’t even have enough time to cry out his emotions. He used the exfoliating gloves he had to scrub his skin of the depressing stench of failure and oil lamp-heated beef. By the time he made it to his Uncle's home his cousin was already dressed and putting the final touches on her makeup.
Dean’s heart seemed to stop as his gaze went from Jo to just over her shoulder where he could see the entrance of the main staircase. A small boy appearing, dressed as a bee, then Logan, and finally Cas, wearing his usual trench coat. He looked the same, of course it’d only been two weeks since Den had last seen him, but it felt like years. A small smile had spread across his face as Sam stepped away from the mail boxes to talk to the couple Ellie’s whines becoming even louder. Dean’s breath hitched as Cas looked from Sam to Dean, his smile immediately droppinging, Dean stared back, braely for a breath before his gaze went back to Jo.
“And I don’t know why I’m wasting my money on you when you can’t even fucking try.” Dean inhaled a sharp breath, one that burned down his throat and through his lungs. Teeth only digging deeper into his lip in a weak attempt to stop the tears. “I could have used that to send Sam on his school trip, or buy him that new game for christmas.”
That was true, Sam was doing well in history, really well, he could afford to miss one day. More importantly he couldn’t disappoint his new friends, it was hard enough being the new kid, again, Sam usually ended up talking with whatever other kid didn’t have friends, but this time. These boys were cool.
Dean shifted slightly in his seat, as the silence fell between them. Thick and suffocating as the facts that Dean had begged so long for, were laid out in front of him.
Dean glanced to the rear view mirror, getting a glimpse of Jack's pleading expression, a mix of puppy dog eyes, and a puckered out bottom lip.
Instead of replying Dean turned his head, looking back out the window, any day light that had once tinted the sky now rapidly fading. Fingers once again on his pocket, outlining the bag.
“I am required not only to raise the spirits of others, but sometimes to sustain my own, when theirs are failing,” Cas finishes reading as he folds the corner of the page then slowly closes the book. He doesn’t look up, his expression sat in a way that causes Dean’s stomach to drop. He doesn’t think he can handle another conversation, he’s tired from crying, and the pain had only just become manageable.
Most of all he hated that they always seemed to end up sitting next to one another as Cas broke and Dean was left to watch.
“Nothin’s hard for me,” Dean finally said, voice coming out steadier than he expected. He could hear Charlie shift, probably tugging at the sleeve of her flannel, though it was only a small noise that blurred in the constant chatter and movements of the other teachers. “Hell things are goin’ awesome. I’ve got a hot chick in the apartment next to me, I get the kid on the weekends, I even get him for Christmas.” Dean flicked off the drip coffee maker, before filling his coffee cup, with the little coffee that had been made.
“Why would I laugh?” A bubble of emotion burns in Dean’s chest as Cas’s gaze darts over his face. He wants to cry, so bad. His failed essay. Driving Sam to soccer practise. The new book they were beginning. His two jobs. His science test on monday. It was all spiralling, crumbling no matter how much he tried to keep it together.
“sure.” He didn't wait for Crowley to reply before he hung up, no longer able to deal with the other, though his phone stayed on, casting shadows across the closet. He sat there for a second, able to feel as the exhaustion began to slowly take over, even still his forearm, where the needle had been pressed, was numb. He didn’t think he could stand without his legs giving out.
“It isn’t that simple,” with his free hand, Cas pulled his trench coat closer to his body, hiding his grey pajama top, though the coat wasn’t long enough to hide his checkered pants. “I don’t have a job.” Cas began, his eyes no longer met Deans, instead looking anywhere else. His feet, the stairs, the wall, anything but Dean. “Or money. Everything in our bank account is under his name.”
It was addicting. She wanted to know more, here everything her father had refused to tell her. Everything that confirmed her suspicions. Dean shouldn’t be released, he shouldn’t be in their house, and he definitely shouldn’t be pretending to be a part of their family.
“Hey,” Dean greeted giving a half hearted smile at the pair. Logan was dressed much different then from when Dean had first met him, wearing jeans and a simple button up instead of his suit.
“Remember the first time we took Jack skating.” Dena continued keeping his voice as steady as he could. This time Cas didn’t make any indication that he had heard Dean and instead his eyes stayed burning on Dean’s, shoulders seeming weighed down by his trench coat. “It was at the outdoor rink, some saturday night when we were suppose to be at your parents for dinner.”
Jack looked up to Dean for a second, before looking back to the stuffed animals. “No,” he lifted the one elephant in the air. “Tis’s Tommy.”
Dean shrugged, he slowly looked up from the ring and to the park that spread out in front of them, it was quite, something unusual for New York. It would've been the perfect night to ask Castiel, if only he wasn’t such a coward. “To another person? Cause I can’t even count all the showers.”
Dean's grin stayed until the woman's bright red lips once again aparted, her voice it's usual shrill tone. "William," she cried, getting the attention of a man who'd been crouched with a child a few feet away.
“He deserves it,” Dean mumbled. He could hear another laugh though the phone, only making Dean’s jaw clench. “Are you sure there isn't a chance you're jealous?”
Instead he looked around the small living room he sat in, everything seeming to have come from the nineties if not later, with old wallpaper, and  chipping wood. The walls themselves covered in photos and awards.
He didn’t want Jack- or atleast in this way. He wanted Christmas, he wanted the way too early mornings, and soft smiles that would tug across Cas’s lips, he wanted the gifts and crackling fire. Everything he’d learned to love, everything he hadn’t spent enough time appreciating. He wanted Christmas not the expression that now sat across Cas’s face, underlined with pain, as he stared down to Atticus.
Did normal people think about coke this often. Dean wasn't sure. Could they taste it across their tongues every second of every ticking moment, could they feel it through their spines, feel the burn up their noses .
Instead of standing Dean sat, his gaze staying locked on the ring, the blue gem seeming to mock him. Even as Sam sat next to him, Dean continued to stare, studying each inch of the ring, every single detail, no matter how small. Did he even choose the right ring, how was he even supposed to propose if he didn’t.
He’d been shown his bedroom, a large open room with two beds, and an attached bathroom, thankfully he was yet to have a roommate. The main room, with seating and a grand piano, the courtyard, the private rooms for therapy sessions, and finally the rooms for groups sessions.
The handcuffs were undone and immediately Dean rubbed his hand around his wrist, able to feel a dull throb as his fingers brushed across his skin. He looked up the officer in front of him, first to the man’s face and then the man’s outreached hand which held Dean’s phone and the candies he’d stolen from the gas station.
“Yah, Sammy called it selective mutism,” Dean put his phone back in his pocket, gaze shifting to the passenger window, where he could watch the fields whizz by in various shades of balck, only lit by the moon’s light.
No Cas, and instead Dean was left to walk into his darkened bedroom undisturbed. He flipped on the light before making his way across his room and to his bedside table where he pulled open the drawer. His gaze staying locked on the various contents that filled it as he placed his  mug down.
“I said i’m fuckin fine,” Dean snaps no longer carring to keep his voice steady, he just needs to scream, to cry, for Cas to leave “I just don’t think things a fuckin workin’ anymore! Don’t you get it, I-” Before he can continue his angered rant, a low groan comes from Baby's engines as the car begins slowing down.
I honestly thought I wasn't going to make it past five chapter cause I really don't have the best track record when it comes to finishing fics!
Even when Castiel took a seat Dean didn’t let go, keeping his hands firmly on the bike to keep it balanced. “Now you just pettle.” Cas looked towards Dean, tilting his head slightly.
A sharp inhale comes from his right, causing Dean’s grip around the steering wheel to only tighten, his other hand pulling away from Cas’s and going back to his side. “You think we should break up?” Cas finally says, sounding ust as breathless as Dean feels. “Why?”
“Yes,” Cas suddenly said, Dean’s gaze darting from the ring and back to the other, a small frown grazing his lips
Hey guys!! Sorry that chapter updates have become a little iffy! Summer break has begun, and I just got a new job that I'm starting today, so I'm struggling to find writing time!
He continued to sing through the first verse, pausing for a moment to take a deep breath. His skin clammy with sweat, fingers sticking the slightest bit against the keys. It would go away if he was high, or at least be unnoticable, the depression, the nightmares, the exhaustion. He’d be okay if he was high.
Despite the fact that the last of his money was going for buying Sam food, Dean still lingered around the food table any chance he'd gotten, his stomach growling, and head spinning. He hadn't eaten anything since the day before, and now past lunch the hunger was becoming harder and harder to ignore.
“I'm a dumb teen boy. I eat sticks and rocks and mud. I don't care about the government, and I really need a hug”
When Dean got home that night he was welcomed by darkness, nothing but the moon's low glow lighting the kitchen as he stepped in. It should have been calming, he should have appreciated the silence that had washed over the house, the momentary break from his spiraling life, yet he couldn’t stop his hammering heart.
Once there he took a seat at the grand piano, the key cover already lifted. Dean raised his hands, bringing them to the keys, letting his fingers just brush across the smooth material.
“You arrived in LA four hours later and still managed to show up early?” Crowley questioned as Dean walked up to him. He had an eyebrow raised, and his eyes glanced Dean up and down. “Living with that moose is doing you some good.”
“You fell.” Cas replied, his voice steadier than Dean had expected, loud throughout the silent night.
That’s how it was always was when in public. Dean wouldn’t hold Cas’s hand, or do the playful shoulder nudges he would in the bunker. He wouldn’t give hugs, or kisses, or smiles, or shoulder taps. Some days it went as far as Dean wouldn’t even look in Cas’s direction.
Dean was used to the press, it was the side effect of his career but as he heard the question he couldn't help but stop, turning to the crowd of paparazzi, who mostly had suddenly gone silent. “What the fuck did you say to me?” Dean spoke calm, despite the boiling of his skin. He took a step forward though Benny stepped between Dean and the crowd, keeping him from getting closer. “What did you fucking say to me!” Dean screamed.
“Im sorry for leaving, I’m sorry for hurting you,” Dean pressed a kiss to the top of her head before resting his forehead there, “I’m so fucking sorry.”
“I said, get out.” When Dean doesn’t make a move Claire squeezed her eyes shut. “Now.” She demanded.
His gaze immediately darted across the large kitchen, first going to Bella who was stood a few feet from his right, a furious expression across her face, then to Lee. His friend was stood at the other side of the room, still shirtless, and with glass surrounding his bare feet.
She swam over to Dean, wrapping her arms around his neck to stay above the water. Her smile widened as she raised her arm, pressing the tip of her finger to Dean’s nose. “Boop.”
“Dude,” Dean replied, an easy grin spreading across his face, though there was something about it that didn’t seem right. “It was yesterday, I'm over it.”
He wasn’t sure whether Charlie had stopped Meg or if Meg had chosen to let him leave though when Dean turned away, he wasn’t stopped. Instead he walked along the sidelines of the gym, until he reached their team’s bench, where Cas sat on the floor.
“Dean?” He could feel Cas shifting in his arms, and quickly Dean brought his hands to his face, stopping whatever tears threatened to fall, just as Cas faced him.
“Hey,” Dean cried. He brought his fists to the wood, bainging against it as hard as he could. “Gabriel,” Dean screamed, “open the door you son of a bitch!”
Neither brother gave another argument as Cas said his quick goodbyes before he turned and walked away. Almost dragging Jack behind him. “Fuck it,” Dean mumbeled, when Cas was no longer visible. He moved the shopping bags from around his arms, and to his hands before he shoved them into Sam’s arms. “I’m going to t’make sure he’s alright,” Dean explained, fumbling over his own words as he had already begun walking backwards.
“I get it,” Dean finally whispered. “You know you shouldn't but you miss it, hell you miss the pain.”
“When I had first adopted him,” Cas began, his voice holding nothing but emptiness, hanging in the silent room, “he cried almost every night for months.” Dean looked to his right, though Cas didn’t look back instead continuing to watch Jack. “There was nothing I could do but sit  with him, and listen to him cry until he fell back asleep.”
Finally he stopped in place, though instead of looking to Charlie he looked to his brother. “Sam,” Dean began, “go find dad.”
None of that could be done, it wasn’t his place and Dean knew that, yet he coudln’t bring himself to walk away.
He could feel a pair of hands press to his back, as the darkness consumed his vision. His mouth opened gasping for one last breath.
Once both had their boots on and Dean had pulled a winter coat over Jack’s thin pyjama top they stepped out of the house, the early morning air burning against Dean’s cheeks. With one hand holding Jack’s he used his other to pull his leather jacket closed, blocking out the small gusts of wind that were laced with the usual January chill.
He didn’t speak again instead watching in silence as Cas walked across the porch, taking a seat next to him. “Hey,” Dean finally whispered, his gaze once again meeting the others.
For a moment he didn’t move, one hand holding the door open, while the other stayed at his side, his breath hitched in his throat. A year ago he would have walked over without hesitation, sat with the other until Cas’s panic attack was over, and the other could properly breath. He would sit, and talk or let the other talk, whatever Cas needed. Everything would go smoothly, because they knew each other, because they were Dean and Castiel, they were best friends long before boyfriends, but now-
Normally, when it came to their father’s abuse, Sam would continue to push, demand Dean talk to him, though this time felt different. More personal.
Sam immediately buried his face into Dean’s shoulder, making no sound but for a shaking breath. “Sh-she she was supposed to be here,” Sam choked out, his words breaking occasionally as he forced deep breaths. “I wish it was me.” Dean’s grip tightened, as if it was any looser and Sam would fall apart. Slowly he lifted a hand running it down Sam’s back the same way he would when he was a child, letting it linger at his lower back for a second before continuing the action. “I- I wish it was me dead,” Sam finally choked out , his voice breaking at the end.
A breath filled his lungs, and then left. His gaze going from the phone and to the bed across from his own. Another moment passed, before he pressed call and raised the ringing phone to his ear.
Castiel didn't move, not knowing if he should. Finally as the silence ticked on, he spoke. "Dean?" He stepped forward and reached a hand out, the tips of his fingers just gazing the others shoulder.
“I don’t want to make things harder for you,” Charlie finally said her voice softer than before, stabbing at Dean’s heart. Tugging at it in a way that made him clench his jaw, and force himself to exhale through his nose, then inhale, doing so once, then twice.
Cas’s gaze immediately went up just in time to watch as the other glide across the floor, wool socks sliding easily across the tile flooring. A wide grin was spread across Dean’s lips, lightening up his whole face, and tugging a small smile across Cas’s own lips.
“Awesome!” Dean cried, quickly cutting himself off, and instead nodding in hopes to hide his excitement.
Sam forced himself to get one of the clothes and bring it to his brothers back. A lump forming in his throat as he carefully washed away the dried blood, trying to avoid as many of the gashes as he could. It was a hard task, there were so many. Small ones barely bigger than his pinky finger, and large ones that traveled most of Dean’s back, leaving hsi usually pale skin shredded.
If he hadn't just come down from a high maybe he would've been embarrassed. Instead Dean was just annoyed, as he followed Crowley out of the police station and into the dark parking lot, lit only by a single lamp, and the distant lights of LA.
One drink was how it started, just a beer, something Dean could easily handle without getting tipsy. Though after that beer a vodka martini came, and the reason why he needed to stay sober had quickly slipped from his mind. Another drink followed, mixed with a few doses of coke, followed by throwing up, and then more alcohol and coke. The patterning continuing, drink, shoot up in the bathroom, dance, repeat.
Cas’s organizing skills weren’t fantastic though Dean doubt that counted as a monster, or at least not to Jack.
Garth began to say something though Dean couldn’t hear him as he walked away, not carrying who he bumped shoulder with as he made his way out of the small room, and into the hallway. The silence he was suddenly met with almost defening, only lasting for seconds before his foots steps were filling it.
“Yep,” Ellie cried. She lifted her hand from Dean's arm, showing her forearm the same way Dean had his own. “See?” She lifted her arm closer to Dean’s face, though no bruises could be seen, only smooth skin.
What could he have done when he had left for Lisa. Yes he had loved her, he had loved his life with her, but there was always something off, just out of reach. Hunting was his life, he couldn't have that with her, but Cas. What could he have done to keep the angel in his life.
“No,” Dean mumbled. His finger’s hesitated over the screen for a second, the bright light pounding behind his eyes, before typing a quick response.
She stepped forward, raising her arms for a hug and without hesitation Dean pulled her into one. His arms were tight around her waist, as she leant into his warmth, her arms around his neck and chin rested against his shoulder. “Thank you,” Dean whispered, the emotion clear in his voice.
The sound of flipping pages comes, then Cas clearing his throat. “To Mrs. Saville, England. St. Petersburgh, December eleventh,” Cas begins, voice steady filling the car as he reads the first line. “You will rejoice to hear that no disaster has accompanied the commencement of an enterprise which you have regarded with such evil forebodings.”
“Please Dean, just think about it.” Sam paused, taking a deep breath, “I don’t want to lose you too”
“Yes,” Dean’s gaze stayed locked on Cas's, his blue eyes rested in a gentle expression, so different from his usual intense stare, or hsi concerned one from earlier. His posture more relaxed. Eyes holding something that he couldn’t quite explain. “I enjoy Fade to Black.”
Sam’s face dropped slightly, whether in shock, or exhaustion Dean couldn’t tell, or be exactly sure why it happened. “You amaze me.”
Within seconds the doors were opened, both kings stepping out, and then closed again, leaving Dean and Cas alone. Silence ticking around them, thick and heavy, waiting for one of them to be brave enough to break it.
The thoughts continued as Dean ran through the school halls, checking any door that would pull open, or small gap that Ellie could fit in. Under water fountains, behind garbage cans, anything that he could find.
One more punch that’s all he wanted, or maybe two, as many as it took to see Azazel’s face bleed, or bring some calm to Dean’s boiling anger.
The man shifted, letting his hand drop from his pocket. "I don't know, wha'da yah like? I got some Skag, Molly, Lucy."
Dean shoves his hand into his jean pockets, pressing his lips together as he looks across the rings. He can feel Charlie’s eyes burning against the side of his head, but he refuses to meet them, he already knows the expression that would sit across her face, concentrated and curious, trying to figure out Dean’s exact thoughts.
Sorry this took so long to post today! I've been trying this new writing technique where I stare at my laptop screen and see if the chapter will write itself.... It hasn't worked yet, but I'll keep you guys updated!
He attempted to push through the doctors one last time to get to his best friend, before giving up, collapsing into Cas's arms, who almost dragged him out of the room and back into the hallway. The sudden silence was almost worse than the screaming, sitting eerily through the empty hallway, only broken by their own low breaths.
The room hadn’t changed much since Dean had arrived, though it was enough to be noticeable. His leather jacket hanging on the closet’s door knob, his robe tossed over the desk chair, his books lined alongside Cas’s. The room was cleaner, unlike how Cas usually kept it, with stacks of papers or piles of clothing filling up any space they could. He’d never cared about keeping things clean, or maybe just never had the time, either way Dean seemed to care.
Dean shook his head, gasping for another breath. He almost cried, let the tears that burned at his vision fall, though instead he bit harshly on his bottom, digging his teeth into the soft skin. The pain that came only causing him to continue, to burn out the anxiety that controlled him.
It wasn't until he heard his front door close, that Cas fell back in his bed, eyes once again squeezed shut, lips pressed in a tight line, attempting to stop the sobs that threatened to shake his body.
Cas looked back to Dean, the other still looking to the woman as they talked. The gold collar of Dean’s jacket had somehow become uneven, and part of Cas wanted to lean forward and fix it, or ask the other how he managed to ruin things so easily. Was it that hard to stay still for five minutes. Though Cas did neither, keeping his hands to himself, and lips sealed shut.
He heard a shuffling of papers from the security as he continued to study the list. Dinner, then another group session for something called a twelve step plan, followed by free time, and finally lights out. It really did remind Dean of school, everything incredibly structured, to the point that he almost walked out there and then.
“El do you want to answer Dean?” Dean unlocked the door, glancing back up to Sam, the other looking to his silent daughter. Sam looked back up when it became clear Ellie wasn’t going to talk. “She’s managing.”
“Actually,” this time Dean stepped closer, leaving less than an inch between them, close enough that he could smell the perfume off of her, and see the faintest dust of glitter that covered her cheeks. Feel the warmth of her skin. Dean glanced once again over her shoulder, though he didn’t meet Cas’s eyes as the other had quickly looked down to Jack.
Cas looked back up his gaze meeting Dean’s, the pain that cludded them visible even through the darkness. A pain that made Dean want to lean back in, as if he alone could heal what shattered those beautiful eyes.
Dean’s voice hung in the air for a moment, before he continued playing the piano, no longer singing to the chorus. Instead he pressed his lips in a tight line, locking his jaw, in an attempt to calm the watering  of his eyes, nose beginning to burn.
Cas’s lips parted, though he didn’t speak immediately. “I had woken-” Cas began, voice hesitant, seeming not sure what to say, or maybe not wanting to admit what he wanted to say. His eyes never leaving Dean’s, Dean’s own gaze staring back. “You- Why.”
With his free hand he grabbed the glass of scotch, bringing the cup to his lisp, for a small sip. He could barely taste the burn, the bitterness that should be there, his mouth only filled with a dull taste.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut and it was before his grip around Dean’s hand even loosened that Dean could feel the shift in the room. The hairs on his arms rising as even the temperature had dropped to match the sudden dread, the guilt, the pain, the words that hadn’t been spoken yet Dean knew he didn’t want to hear.
He let his head hang back, studying the roof above, until one of the crew members tapped his shoulder, and led him to the center of the stage, the curtains in front of him closed.
“Well Sammy,” Dean began, sitting up properly, “I know it’s a bit different, but for two men, you have to-”
He could feel a pain, deep in his stomach as Cas began to move, tugging off the first sleeve of Dean’s jacket, then the second, Dean’s own body unmoving. His lips still parted, though nothing leaving the other then a soft exhale that came out in a small cloud.
He stood back up properly as Cas walked towards him though the other didn’t reply. Instead Cas walked straight to Jack crouching in front of the child.
"Dea-" Castiel was caught off as Jack began stirring in his arms. "It's okay bee," he whispered to his son, running a hand across Jack's messy hair.
They didn’t leave the park until the storm rolled in, bringing wind and sheets of rain, and even then they didn’t part ways and instead made their way back to Castiel’s apartment. Despite the rain, the walk back was peaceful. At some point Jack using his other hand to hold Dean’s as they walked, only letting go when they got to the apartment.
Dean didn’t reply, instead letting himself, for the first since he’d woken, study the other. His blue eyes wide and tinged red, skin colourless, lips in a tight line. He didn’t look hurt, just exhausted. His usual perfect posture now slumped the slightest bit, shoulders weighed down by his trench coat. He had been staring back at Dean intensely before he slowly took a step forward, then another, until he was next to Dean, when he lent in carefully pulling Dean in a hug.
“Yah,” Claire replied, biting her lip harder as Cas’s expression dropped just for a second. “Thanks though.”
The machine beeped a few times, filling the silent roomroom, as Donna watched it. “Do you know that’cha heart rate’s low?”
A smirk tugs at the corner of Dean’s lips. “Well officer Novak, are you suggesting that I killed my husband.”
Dean doesn't listen, instead grabbing his backpack from the floor, throwing it over his shoulder as he stomps out of the classroom. He makes his way through the school and to the parking lot, pulling open the driver door of Baby and practically falling in.
Dean could stare forever- He wanted to stare forever, memorize every detail of Cas’s face as if it would be the last time they’d ever see each other, and there were days where Dean thought that’d be true.
“Do I not deserve to be happy?” It was a cheap blow, but Dean was done with arguing. He wanted to get going, before Logan got back, or more importantly before Cas changed his mind.
Dead was easier. Dead didn’t have withdrawal, it didn’t have nightmares, or annoying press. Dead was almost as consistent as cocaine.
“Thank you, Logan.” Dean hummened to himself as he grabbed a half empty bottle of vodka, adn an unopened bottle of dry vermouth. He then found a wine glass and a to go mug, without a shaker it would have to do, and filled a  third of the mug with vodka. The rest of the mug was filled with vermouth, and then given a shake, mixing the two alcohols.
The grin that lit up his whole face, that came from the stupidest things, arcade machines, toy lightsabers, movie marathons. The grin that sparkled his eyes, and made his whole face seem to glow. The grin Cas could spend his whole life staring at, that made his heart skip beats, and his mind spiral. The grin that made him only fall further for Dean Winchester.
Sam’s phone call, his second arrest in the past week, sitting alone in the police station. Sam was still alone; probably buried under a pile of blankets, every light in the motel on as the tv blared. He’d never liked being alone, it had only been in the past years that Sam had even begun sleeping alone rather than joining Dean half way through the night. Dean had promised him he wouldn't be alone, that he would be there soon.
“Dean,” at the sudden softness in Cas’s voice, Dean looks up, his eyes meeting the other’s. Cas places his watering can down and steps forward. “Are you alright?”
Cas pressed his lips in a tight line looking down to his feet, before he slowly sat down. Part of him wanted to argue, though he knew there was no point, his feet were throbbing.
“Pancakes!” Jack cried as they walked down the hallway. He swung Dean's arm as they walked, looking up at Dean with his usual wide eyes, and grin. “I can help.”
After a solid amount of silence Dean risked a glance to Cas' face. It was difficult to understand the emotions, but Dean could tell there were a lot of them. Most prominent were surprise and
It felt like he was swimming in bliss for days before the fog started to clear and he managed to make sense of his surroundings. Cas was sitting next to him on the bed, one hand stroking through his hair.
Cas’ hands came up to cup Dean’s jaw, force him face-to-face. He saw pain in the blue of Cas’ eyes and it made his heart ache, body deflating in defeat.
Cas pulled up a chair and set it at the foot of the bed, taking a seat, his eyes remaining on Dean’s.
Ever since that night Dean has been hyper aware of the fact that Castiel’s body is filled with grace. The grace that could leave its current host and enter someone else. Dean’s dick twitched just at a harmless passing thought of it, and it was driving him crazy. He was afraid Cas is beginning to notice, too. They’ve had twice as much sex (not that Cas can’t keep up) and Dean even went two rounds in a row, more than once.
It was almost unhearable over the music, though that didn’t stop Dean’s heart from skipping a beat as his gaze went to Cas’s phone that had been left near Dean’s. At first he could only stare at the photo that lit the screen, a photo of Jack in a green basketball jersey, a wide smile across the child’s face as he raised the basketball in his hands, to show whoever held the camera. Then as his breath hitched in his throat, his gaze went to the name that was printed across the top of the screen.
Dean gave a shake of his head, something that only made Jack’s smile drop into a pout. “But, we can watch the who movie!” Jack cried, causing Dean to raise an eyebrow.
When they slowly pulled away, Dean’s breath stayed stuck in his throat, heart hammering in his chest. His hands hadn't moved from the other’s waist, while Cas’s arms rested around his neck.
“Ya well, “ Dean kicked his foot at the snow, sending the small flakes flying forward. “Just stressed about work and shit, money's tight with the holidays.”
The facetime came sometime between his sixth and seventh dose, at the peak when his body was high with adrenaline, and his heart hammered faster then the beat of the music. He had staggered away from whichever girl he’d been pressed against and to one of the bartenders begging, and then bribing for them to give him a private room to answer his call in.
Dean laughed, this time not making another argument as he let his friend drag him, back up the staircase, and through the raves crowd. Dean’s legs seeming to feel heavier and heavier with each step they took, arms growing itchier. Was that normal, Dean wasn’t sure.
Pressing her lips together she looked down to the seatbelt and buckled it into place. “I don’t like coffee.”
“Nothing Else Matters.” Dean replied softly. It seems pathetic now, playing sad songs alone, though he couldn’t find the energy to hide it. “It’s by Metallica.”
Cas gave her a small smile, while one arm stayed firmly on Jack's chest, the child squirming in an attempt to get off his chair. "Of course."
Once again no reply, Dean standing awkwardly to the side watching as Cas, ran his hand along Jack’s hair. He whispered something to Jack that Dean couldn’t quite hear, Jack only giving a nod in response, the child’s eyes once again locked on the snow globe.
From the corner of his eye Dean can see Cas’s hurt expression drop, his head tilting to the side as a crease forms between his eyebrows. “You’re breaking up with me because we wear different shirts?”
“Thank you,” Cas whispered. He hesitantly took the jacket from Dean, giving Dean his own before pulling the new one on. “Better?  Cas asked, eyes on Dean’s.
Dean slicked back his quickly darting across Cas’s features. As always he was gorgeous, even with the fading bruises that covered his lower face. His hair was done in its usual mess though instead of his trench coat he wore a simple dark blue t-shirt with his black dress pants, making the white cast around his right arm stand out.
“You left for fifteen years,” Claire finally whispered, the words barely coming out. “And now I’m supposed to pretend as if everything’s okay and I can’t.”
“Yeah,” without another argument, Dean stood up, using his right arm to pick Ellie up, and walked away as quickly as he could. He practically ran up his staircase, and down his hallways, into the guest room in which Sam and the kids were staying.
For a moment Dean couldn’t speak too focused on realizing just how close they sat. Shoulders touching, thighs bruising with each small movement. He could feel the slight rise of Cas’s shoulders with each breath the other took, feel his heat radiating around him, comforting and familiar.
“Another car?” Dean called as he walked through the small hall that separated his kitchen from the living room, twisting off the bottles cap, before he brought it to his lips for a quick drink. “What happened to you wanting to open a bar?”
A smile spread across Dean’s lips, as for the first time he actually turned his head letting his gaze stay on the other. “You’re from fucking flordia?”
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled. He stood grabbing his phone from Sam’s hand, one he’d only recently bought after throwing his other at Logan. He took a seat back on the couch, turning it on, and opening a text from Lee. Even with his head down he could still feel Sam’s stare.
“You flushed it.” Dean barely whispered, his own gaze following Sam’s to the toilet. His heart hammered as he practically fell to the toilet, pulling open the little and looking down to the clear water. His heart dropped, he hadn’t known what he’d expected, the white powder to still be there, and even then how would he have collected it. “What the fuck were you thinking?”
“Cas-“ he didn’t know what he wanted to say, he wasn’t even sure if it was truly happening as he hesitantly walked towards the other, vision seeming to blur worse with each step. He was going to cry. He didn’t care. “Cas-“
Dean could feel the dread style in his stomach, his gaze staying forward not daring to meet his father. He should correct John, his name was Cas, though the words wouldn't come. He should confess to breaking up with the other, though that seemed even harder. Cas had been the one thing John had been truly proud of Dean for, he had found someone nice, someone smart, someone athletic, someone that had everything John wanted from Dean.
“He’s okay,” Sam said, though Dean didn’t look up instead watching his foot as he rolled his ankle in circles.
Sam shook his head in what Dean could only assume was in disappointment, “and you’re avoiding my question.”
Cas looked down to Jack, smiling at his son. He ran a hand across Jack's hair attempting to fix the strands that Logan had messed up, which Dean found funny considering how messy Castiel's own hair was. "Logan makes enough for both of us, so when we adopted Jack it made sense that I quit to look after him," Cas explained. He turned to Dean after giving up on fixing Jack's hair. His blue eyes were shining, bright against his tan skin. They were beautiful, and if given the chance Dean swore he could gaze at them forever, study every shade of blue that clashed against the other, until he could decide the exact shade.
Cas didn’t flinch at the sound of Dean’s voice, not even giving him a glance, instead his gaze staying forward watching as the rest of his team warmed up.
His feet ache as he doesn’t so much as walk down the apartment building's hallway but drag himself, the dim lights above casting shadows over the dingy hallway walls. Stopping at his apartment Dean pulls the keys from his pocket, the sound of fighting from the neighbours clear through the thin walls.
With one hand still on the steering wheel, Dean got his phone from his pocket, Sam’s name appearing across the screen.
A smile spread across Dean’s own face as Jack came running forward, wrapping his arms around Dean’s legs. “Hey kid,” Dean hummend. When Jack let go, Dean crouched to the ground “How’re you doin’?”
“I was fine.” Claire replied in a clipped tone. Dean raised an eyebrow, giving Claire a moment to turn back, to stop the fight she knew she was starting though she only tilted her chin and narrowed her eyes at the other.  “Everything was fucking fine,” she snapped, “everyhting, until you came back!”
He stopped at the edge of the bed. “If you can’t do it for yourself do it for us. Sam needs you. Elieen needs you. Jack needs you. I-” Dean tightened his jaw, clenching his fists at his sides. “I didn’t save you just for you to kill yourself, you son of a bitch.”
"Hello Dean" Castiel greeted as Dean stopped in front of the counter. Dean's gaze darted across the other, across Cas's usual tussled hair, along his warm skin, that only seemed to glow against the dark green he wore, and finally to his eyes. His dark blue eyes, that were so vibrate it was hard to imagine they were real, so captivating Dean couldn't drop the other's gaze.
“Who taught you how to ride a bike?” Cas asked as they slowly turned around walking back the way they’d come. Dean looked ahead to Jack who’d gotten off the bike, and instead played with a stick.
"I'm not nervous," Dean replied, though the words sounded fake even to himself, "I just don't have anything to say to him."
“You had him for Easter,” Dean barely whispered. His heart seemed to stop as Cas finally looked up, the pain clear in his eyes for a moment, though just as quickly as it was there, it was gone. “And his birthday.”
After stepping out of Jack’s room, Dean takes a deep breath allowing himself a second to calm his heart before he walks into his own bedroom, finding it empty. The living room and kitchen is exactly the same as when he first got home, the lamp still dimly glowing, dirty dishes and papers still scattering the surfaces. The only difference is that the porch door had been propped open, letting the night air linger through the living room
He could still remember the numb feeling, as everyone celebrated around him. Singing and talking, while he sat emotionless, unable to find a reason to even be alive.
“None of the other boys are giving you trouble?” He could feel the other shake his head. “Good, cause I’d kick their asses.”
He shook his head, his long chestnut hair swaying with the movement. “No, she loves acting and I want her to be happy. We’ve agreed that she won’t take so many jobs, but that was mainly because she didn’t want to be here. She’s fine with taking smaller projects so she can come home more, like the Netflix show. When she does bigger stuff like the movies, I’ll be traveling to see her. We have it planned out.”
She bit her lip, reflecting on everything and how best to put it to words. “After our divorce, things were great. I got to keep everything except for his car, he had to pay alimony and child support. He was living at his friend’s house because he couldn’t even afford his own place. I finally brought him to heel. Everything was perfect. Until he got hurt at work and met Florence Nightingale.” She sneered, picturing Kate’s smiling face.
“Whether you meant to or not is inconsequential, the fact is you used a spell to play God and now you have created the first ever male Omega of Hell.”
He could make out Castiel’s figure by the door. The angel stood straight at attention, his hands clasped behind him as he guarded Jack's bedroom door. Walking up to him, Dean gave him a friendly smile. Cas was alright, a little stiff and didn’t get any of Dean’s frankly hilarious jokes, but the love and devotion between Uncle and Nephew was there. It did a lot to normalize Cas in Dean’s eyes, and adding in the fact that Castiel did try to make Dean feel more comfortable helped a lot as well.
“I want to hear you say it out loud. Tell me Mary Campbell - formerly Winchester - why do you seek out the Devil on an abandoned crossroad, forfeiting Heaven’s claim on your eternal soul? What’s so important that you’d risk it all just to talk to dear old Scratch?”
Dean didn’t know how to read the room after voicing his conditions. Jack's eyes were wide and excited while Castiel just stared into him again.
One of his favorite parts of the job though was working the farmer’s market. True, Samandriel didn’t enjoy working customer service, but there was something gratifying about showcasing his, Cas’, and the bees’ hard work. The crowd that shopped the farmer’s market was also a much kinder and calmer clientele. Of course there would always be at least one bad apple.
“Samandriel worked hard on baking these delicious treats and you will wait until he says you can have some before eating. His hard work will not be for naught.” Castiel raised a brow at his husband, making the other Alpha blush and Samandriel couldn’t help but giggle knowing Dean found the look as sexy as he did.
Jack smiled again, and Dean was oddly proud of himself for putting the boy at ease. “What job would you like?”
He sneered at her, “sure you’re not. Don’t worry, I’ll murder your ex husband, his wife and their innocent child and make sure you can’t be blamed. You just make sure your willful youngest son is home in ten years when I send for him and bring him to hell with me.”
“Yeah, I’m gonna bring the pies and snack bars to the market tomorrow. If things go well I’m hoping to make more complicated dishes for more advanced bakers to see what they can make with Cas’ honey.”
If it were up to him he’d never have anything to do with any of the dick with wings from Heaven. Of course he didn’t count Jack or Castiel among them, they were his family. Though the thought of an Archangel getting close to his brother raised his blood pressure. He hoped he could talk Cas into finding out why an Archangel was here. “Maybe some other time, I just wanted to check on you and see how you’re doing.”
“Hey now, you’re not just anything. You're as beautiful and loving and funny as they are. Obviously they must see it too.”
Dean could feel his face heating up and cursed his inexperience with open and honest admiration. “Jeez Cas, you don’t have to lay it on so thick. I’m a sure thing.”
“-It’s not, those bees and this business means the world to Cas, you being here and your ideas have done a lot to help him solidify himself. We see it and it means a lot to us.”
Shaking his head he went to walk towards the front door to leave when someone grabbed the back of his shirt and yanked him down. He cried out in surprise as something dragged him back towards the living room. He screamed in fear, his arms lashing out, trying to hit whatever had him in its grasp.
There was a loud crash and muffled cursing over the speaker. His cousin, who was usually so composed, had fallen out of her seat.
“But we wish to be with you for far more than your business savvy. We wish to court you Samandriel and make you ours. Our mate.”
“Oh but she did.” He turned the scroll around, showing Dean the written contract. “Three lives for the price of one innocent human being brought down to Hell.”
“Thank you, your majesty.” He bowed at his waist this time before turning to walk past his siblings. The three demons hissed at him with glowing yellow eyes but he ignored them and walked past the guards with his head held high.
Castiel raised a dark brow at the smug human. Dean's eyes widened as his stunning green eyes were nearly over taken by his lust-blown pupils. Castiel growled, enjoying the way the younger man shivered and the delectable scent of want in the air. “You shouldn’t tempt an Alpha, Dean.”
“Please don’t fire me Cas. I love this job, and I love the bees and I swear I’ll watch my mouth. I just shoot off sometimes and I don’t think and yeah I usually don’t have a job I care about so getting fired was never a reason to stay quiet but I swear I’ll do better just please give me another chance please.” Samandriel begged.
The night sky was a dark blue that faded into black. A lone figure huffed in the middle of a dusty, empty crossroads. A metal shovel scraped along the road, picking up dirt before throwing it on top of a small wooden box, filling the hole. Once the earth was packed and the hole covered, the woman pulled out a piece of chalk, marking the ground. The chirping of crickets stopped abruptly, the only sounds heard were coming from the woman’s heavy breaths. Candles were lit around the chalk-drawn symbol, the air heavy and oppressive.
“But, why would Michael put you in charge? Didn’t he guess that you would always try and do the right thing even if it was against his command?”
Asmodeus, the third eldest brother, looked around the room, his eyes scanning for something, but he stayed quiet. Jack didn’t like it, there was no grand demon court and he knew they wouldn’t attempt to attack him, but the conniving look on the man's scarred face made the young boy annoyed. His rut had just finished, Dean had to be taken away, his father was gone, he had so much on his plate and now these three were tap dancing on his last nerve.
“Why don’t you take your break now? I brought us some food from The Wayward Daughters booth. They brought the oven today and were able to make some pizzas. I got you spinach and bacon flakes with ranch and black olives.” Samandriel hugged the Alpha gratefully before sitting behind the booth to eat his food.
Jack frowned watching the Princes enter the throne room. Three of the four had their heads up high acting as though they were royalty. The guards sneered at them and the young King found himself grateful for his people’s loyalty. It was something Crowley was constantly reminding him about, but it felt good to see it in action, the way the demon guards eyed the first demons distrustfully, as though the guards were ready to defend Jack with their lives if necessary.
Cas gave a small nod, before Dean turned away, walking back down the aisle they stood in. He could feel the other walking next to him, close, far to close for Dean’s liking. The other’s arm brushing across Dean’s in a way that twisted his stomach, threatening to bring up the cafeteria's food.
“Fine.” Dean didn’t reply, only raising an eyebrow.  “I am a little-“ Cas hesitated for a moment, “shaken.”
She opened her mouth though nothing came, only a choked sob parting her lips as the tears fell and she finally broke.
“We visited him when you were four,” Cas began, his voice rough. “I’d visited a few times before that, but this was your first time. It was almost a four hour drive and we were only able to stay for ten minutes because of how much you hated being in the visitor Center.” Cas said. “I didn’t blame you, it wasn’t a pleasant place.”
Dean had just turned around when Sam cleared his throat, stopping him in his tracks. He turned back raising an eyebrow at his brother, who shifted awkwardly. “Dean,” Sam began, his eyes never met Dean’s instead studying the ground.
Cas didn’t respond, his eyes staying locked on Dean’s. He seemed unconceived not that Dean was shocked, he hadn’t been that convincing, he hadn’t even tried to be that concing. Dean looked back, Cas staring with his usual intensity until the distant sound of crying broke the silent room.
After bringing Jack, who still only gave Dean mopey looks, to his bedroom, Dean made his way through the house. Down the hallway, and into the kitchen where he took a seat at the kitchen table.
“Sam,” He looked up at the sound of his name, to Christian, no, was it Kaleb, it was definitely Kaleb. “you good?”
Deans clicked open his messages app, and then Sam’s name, the most recent message appearing, ‘I’m outside’. His fingers hesitated for a second before he quickly typed out the word hospital with a question mark, and hit send. It took a minute, then the indication of Sam’s typing came and his message appeared, ‘the club’. Dean’s heart might as well have stopped as he stared at the message, another one popping up seconds later, ‘come out’.
“No problem.” Dean stood back up and took a seat back onto the chair while Cas took a seat on the bed, leaving Jack to sit on the floor and play with the stethoscope. “So it’s definitely broken?” Dean asked, which Cas nodded to in reply, “Shit, that sucks.”
As gross as she found the scars and burns it was hard not to stare. To study each one anytime Dean wasn’t looking. She’d wanted to ask and maybe a few weeks ago she would have but now, she couldn’t get the words to come out.
Sam could almost feel his heart stop as his gaze once again darted down his brother’s body, though through his layers of clothing it was impossible to see exactly how much damage their father had caused. “In front of Lee?” was all Sam could muster.
"Honestly." The women muttered, giving Dean a glare from under her large floppy hat that must have weighed double her. She shifted her grocery bags to one hand as she used her other to unlock her mailbox. After grabbing her mail she gave Dean another glare.
“I told you,” Dean shifted slightly, glancing to the window where he could just see his brother's silhouette. He hoped Sam hadn’t noticed. “Not around the kids.”
“Of course!” Charlie cried, throwing herself into Dean’s arms, the moment he had stood, it didn’t stop the nerves. Her cheery smile, the adorance she had for the date Dean planned, despite it all his heart still hammered. He was going to mess up, when he had to do it for real, he knew it. “Dean, that was beautiful. I’m so happy for you two!”
He let his eyes close, keeping them that way even as he heard footsteps come his way, stopping next to him.
It was all going well, until Dean shifted a little too fast and the child's blue eyes fluttered open.
Ellie let her glare falter and instead her eyes darted across Dean’s face until she gave a defeated look and turned around. “Took you long enough,” Dean mumbled. He began brushing out her hair carefully, having seen her scream at Sam for being too harsh and frankly not wanting the same treatment. “Did you have fun on our bike ride today?” Dean asked.
Dean's face spread in a smile, a cocky one that made punching him in the face seem incredibly appealing. “What would you rather? Sunshine? Light of my life? hon-“
“Last night,” Sam mumbled, “he heard about the baby.” Sam’s gaze looked back up, though it only met Dean’s for a second before Dean was looking away, gaze darting instead across the tall trees that surrounded them, then to Eileen and Jack walking ahead. They were easier to look at then Sam. No guilt, no concern, it eased his stomach a little though did nothing to help him breathe, his lungs suddenly seeming to collapse in on themselves. Every breath becoming more forced than the last, mixed with a dull stabbing at his heart. How did it still hurt, how did it still burn, how did even years later it still affect him this much.
With Jack still sobbing Dean walked past Sam, and then into his brother's bedroom. He closed the door behind them, continuing to bounce the child until he took a seat on the unmade bed.
“I am also aware that most mechanics require schooling to know at least half of what you do,” Cas whispers as Dean rests his chin against Cas’s shoulder. Squeezing his eyes shut he takes another forced breath, his hand clenching the fabric of Cas’s trench coat. “Or that no one is as charismatic as you, or kind, or selfless.”
Castiel's smile widened. “Kansas?” he said in the same mocking tone Dean had used when he’d said ‘Florida’.
Another gasp parted his lips, air barely filling his lungs. Lungs burning for air, heart hammering harder with each failed breath.
“Dean?” His name sounded distant, as if screamed from behind glass. Even still he didn’t move, keeping his head rested against the hard sidewalk as he spat out what was left of the throw up, most ending up on his chin. Arms were soon at his arm’s helping him stagger to his feet, and then into the passenger seat. He could still taste the acid in his mouth, and the burning in his nose, but he couldn’t care, much like how he couldn’t care enough to wipe away the throw up that dripped down his face.
A grin spread across Lee's face. He had his stick pressed to the ground and had lent against it, his eyes darting across Dean's feature. “Blond or brunet?” Dean rolled his eyes, “short or tall? Is he hot?”
He pressed his thumb and pointer finger together, slowly rubbing them against the plastic; able to feel as the powder moved to his touch.
He didn’t wait for a response, instead grabbing his bag from the ground, and turning away. He quickly pushed his way through the crowd, out of the school, and to the impala, that parked on the side of the road.
Dean lent forward a bit to see Cas’s other arm, though it was covered by his button up’s sleeve. “As bruised up as the rest of you?” Cas looked up at Dean giving him the smallest smile, “seriously dude it looks like you stepped off the set of the 300.”
He could only shake his head in response, eyes squeezing shut in attempt to stop everything. His hamemring heart, the ringing of bullets, the scremaing, the mud agaisnt his back, the pain "Just fuckin cut it off."
"So...which one are you?" Dean chuckled awkwardly, still taking slow steps back. "Pride? Greed?" He tried the names, cocking his head in the slightest as he waited for any sort of answer.
The demon had him pinned against the wall then, holding him up above ground with ease as he looked him over, taking in his muscled body and needy length. "Oh, you're so much fun, Dean." He purred, dragging his lips over his stubbled jaw, smirking when Dean panted harder, a small needy and inpatient whimper following. "You are a walking, talking embodiment of pure
Without meaning to, he was moaning and nodding in understanding, stroking, rubbing, twisting, pumping until he was a mess.
There were those footsteps again, and wet fingers being pushed inside Dean. Hot and tingly- still fresh steam rolling inside of his body.
It was a male with dark blue jeans, Dean's eyes moving up to a slightly looser black shirt, a dark blue flannel with rolled up sleeves to his elbows resting atop it. Dean may have lingered on the strong looking hands a bit long, followed by a second glance to the way those tight jeans hugged these and other parts.
“Huh, well, you know me.” He chuckled awkwardly, putting his hand over hers. “But I’m fine. Promise. I’ll just be a minute. Don’t worry about me, Charlie. Go home to your wife. You always wait for me- she’s more important.” He could see her open her mouth to protest, but came up with a sigh instead, the hand moving to ruffle his hair. “Take care of yourself, Winchester.”
It was a fair question, but Dean could feel the not-knowing only made him want it more, so he didn't hesitate in his answer. Cas had given him a taste, but he imagined the real thing is going to be much more intense. Like, a metric shit ton more.
Everything was suddenly too loud- all of his colleagues that he didn’t know chatting and clicking away, typing, working. Everybody but him, and the day was coming to an end...wait...to an end? He looked back at the time, almost gaping at the numbers. It was almost 11 PM already. He’s been sitting here, doing nothing for hours. He just wasted precious time he could get at home,
What followed wasn't what Dean had expected. Cas looked like the words stung, recoiling slightly, face tight with worry and fear. "Dean, you must know I would never- I would never do that to you or Sam I-"
The realization hit him, and startled, his eyes snapped back to blue as the demon spoke again, like he'd just read his thoughts. "That's the one."
He trailed fingers down Dean's chest and pulled the shirt over his head, laying back and arching with his bare chest as he started on the belt and buckle.
Grace smoked from Cas’ mouth, passing past Dean’s parted lips like air, its presence cool against the inside of Dean’s mouth. It pooled on his tongue and moved farther, traveling and exploring; Dean could see the glow of his own eyes reflected in Cas’ by the way his face illuminated.
A thumb ran down his sharp jaw, all the way down and pressed at his bottom lip, jaw instantly going slack. It was almost like his brain shut off, body working completely on some primal instinct and his downstairs brain without his control.
"P-please…" A whimper broke from Dean’s throat as he stroked harder, wanting the release but knew how he'll be able to get it. He didn't know for how long it went for, but finally, he was given permission and released all over the floor, eyes rolling back into his head.
He could see the man's lips moving in whispered words that got sucked into his ears whether he registered them or not, and it was like a switch was flipped in his head, something breaking loose. He pushed against the demon's lips hungrily, an unknown urge taking over. His hands wandered and felt everywhere and anywhere they could. He wanted to take and take and
Dean set his jaw and bit the inside of his cheek, tongue prodding at the wound there as he looked anywhere but at Cas' eyes; he knew it was over if he did.
"Hey there…" Dean licked his dry lips and found drool sticking in one of the corners, making him let out a small sound. He remembered how hot Cas found it when he started to drool- he could feel what Cas felt when he was inside of him and the force of everything that happened sent a shiver through Dean's whole body.
His limbs were moving slowly as they pulled the zipper open, and Dean could hear the man's breathing in his ears. He wriggled from the tight jeans just enough so he could sit comfortably with his length restrained only by the boxers.
"You almost got it. I'm the third." The demon answered, smirk widening and Dean's brain almost short circuited because he needed to repeat the words over in his head just so he didn't blank at the deep gravelly voice that just ripped through his ears.
Another wave of chills seized his body slightly, hearing the way this man spoke about him. Made him feel desired.
The man from the other side didn't sound much different, just as wrecked as Dean was. The pressure was peaked for quite some time now, but he wasn't able to release.,
His entrance was even wider now as it waited impatiently, stretching around nothing as it waited to swallow anything that it was given. Like answering a prayer, Dean could feel himself pressing the tip of his hard length inside, just enough to stimulate the gaping hole. Finally, he felt the heat inside and around himself simultaneously  as the length was pushed in, all sensation exploding. He didn't waste time and began moving straight away, faster and faster.
Cas was honored that Dean trusted him enough to let himself be this vulnerable in front of him, to show him this part of himself.
"Fuck, that was amazing- we're so doing that more often." The little grin on Cas' face pulled at Dean's heart. "That is of course if you want that, too…"
“I know how you love it when I take control. All you needed to do was ask nicely like I know you can. Makes me crazy when you beg so prettily Dean.”
He was turned over then, face, stomach and his throbbing length pressed against the cold surface of the bathroom wall. His fingers continued to twitch and spasm as he heard the sound of clothes being discarded and thrown to the floor. It was all that he wanted. All that he knew. All that existed.
"No Cas of course not, that wasn't what I meant- shit, sorry-" he reached out to interlock their fingers, exhaling heavily. "Uh, okay, let me try that again,” Dean avoided Cas' eyes and cleared his throat.
The day was dragging on and on as the seconds ticked away all too slowly. The stress was building the longer Dean had to stare at the empty screen, a black line blinking mockingly, not even a letter looking back at him. He couldn’t bring himself to move a single finger, thoughts running wild, yet completely silent as he tried to think of a way to begin his report. His mind drew up nothing.
Cas was about to stand when Dean's fingers wrapped around his wrist. "Wait- I wanna come with you." He tried to sit up, but it was taking all of his energy.
He heard the familiar shuffling of papers, signaling that everybody was tidying up and gathering their stuff at the end of the shift. Last one for today.
Strangely, his eyes didn't sting, and he didn't feel the need to re-adjust his sitting position even if his back was hunched slightly.
He was snapped out of his thought when he heard the shouting of one of the demons from somewhere in the house, presumably being exorcised.
inside Dean. He could fill in every nook and cranny perfectly like it was tailored just for him. He fisted and relaxed the fingers of Dean's left hand to test motor control, sensing every fiber and muscle bend to his push and pull.
The silence that followed was heavy and thick, making it hard to breathe. Cas’ frustration slowly seeped away as he mirrored Dean’s sigh, approaching slowly and stopping when they were so close they breathed the same air.
“We both know you haven’t been the same since that hunt…” Cas’ voice was gentle and unjudging. “Please let me help...at least tell me what it is, it’s killing me.”
Cas pushed him through the door and closed it behind them. Dean saw the worry and frustration in his eyes, trying not to crumble under it so easily.
He considered it for a moment or two, shrugging slightly and reached or the headset, feeling the familiar weight on his head. He could hear some sort of background sound. A hum of sorts, but it was easy to ignore, so he selected
The smirk never left the demon as he approached, and Dean saw his eyes glance behind Dean at the tub and back up, but it was forgotten as soon as it happened. The vessel was slightly shorter than Dean, but it didn't help in making him feel stronger. Suddenly there was a hand on his cheek and he couldn't bring himself to pull away, or even simply think, really. Only feel. Let himself get lost in the touch.
His insides stirred and twisted again, something unexplainable as he made a turn backward through the already open door.
It was strange, that the demon didn't seem to react to the pain he was feeling...and at the same time, strangely arousing.
He felt something stir inside of himself as a smirk slowly grew on the demon's face, and for some reason it just felt like the right expression.
Every Dean's step backwards was met with an equal step forward by the demon, almost taunting. There seemed to be no hurry, which made Dean even more on edge. Never in his life has he wanted someone to jump his throat more than he did now, because this was way too calm for it to be okay.
All the fight left in Dean evaporated- that was the power Cas had over him. So, without really thinking ahead, Dean laid it all out.
The intensity made his body crumble into a boneless pile as Cas returned to his own vessel, his eyes burning bright before an orgasm of his own broke through him.
"You're going to remember this feeling right now. How good you are feeling- and that I'm the only one able to make you feel like this,
"Can you hear me?" It was a low rumble, yet soft and soothing at the same time. Dean's whole body shuddered, chills running down his spine, but his body otherwise remained unaffected. "I'd like you to nod your head if you can hear me."
"And...you're sure that's what you want?" Cas' voice was deeper, the way it gets whenever Dean does something Cas especially likes, and Dean's eyes followed the flicker of tongue over Cas' bottom lip.
He kicked off his boots and socks before climbing on the bed, unsure if he should undress. He waited just to be safe, watching Cas consider him. It was enough to make Dean squirm.
Dean almost scoffed. Seriously? This is stupid. Why’s he even still here? It’s obviously fake...but he was still curious, and somehow the thought drifted enough out of focus that he continued on reading. He didn’t really pay attention to most of it, only focusing on things like,
"Pull your boxers off too- you don't have to hide from me. There's nothing to be embarrassed by with me." The words put him even more at ease, erasing the already non-existent doubt.
Finally, Cas’ worry reached its limit as he dragged Dean out of the kitchen to his (technically their) bedroom by the sleeve during breakfast (he couldn’t even wait for Dean to finish eating his apple pie).
The feeling was hard to describe, but he wasn't worrying about thinking of it. Just feeling and experiencing. He felt light inside, but was glued by weight in the real world.
He felt starved, and this was the only thing that he knew could satisfy this need, rooted so deep inside he couldn't know how he never noticed it before.
When he finally settled he thought he heard the same hum as before, only louder, but slowly dismissed the thought again. His attention was fully on the screen now as he saw something flash in the white void of it, but he tried not to move too much, just watched.
Another needy whimper shook through his core as he felt rough, warm hands on his back, running down from his shoulders. The only sound was the blood rushing through his veins and the frantic beating of his heart, accompanied by his heavy breathing. The wall pressed against his chest as it rose, and out of nowhere there was a finger teasing at his hole, circling and prodding. It made him jerk from surprise, but he couldn’t move much, only resulting in squirming helplessly.
. Cas reached for the key and locked it with a slow twist, moving closer into Dean's space so his breath hit Dean's ear.
Cas sighed and wrapped an arm around Dean for support. "If you're so stubborn, at least let me help you. Then again I could always…"
He was stretching and stretching, scissoring, twisting and the entrance was wide and open in no time. Almost welcoming. Dean’s mouth was watering, drool dripping from his slightly agape mouth. He should feel wrong about this- he’s about to fuck himself, yet it only sparks new heat and desire in his stomach, soon spreading through his whole being. He could feel breath on his back, and at the same time he could feel himself breathing out the same breath.
Time stood still and raced by at the same time, but he didn't want it to end. He wanted to stay there forever. Thoughtless and carefree.
She took a final glance back at him before leaving through the door. Everything was suddenly enveloped in silence, making him even more aware of his thoughts. The room was dimly lit, only one light left on and the glow of his computer screen.
The meanings of the words didn't register consciously, but continued floating somewhere in his mind. His body was relaxing along with the flashes, heavy in the office chair as he stared, unblinking. His ears were full of the background hum, his mind empty, eyes focused on the spiral as it began to subtly shift in shape and color. Stretched in and out.
Dean shifted on his feet after he finished, chewing on his bottom lip. He didn't know what came next. What if Cas is disgusted? Dean doesn't even know what possessing someone else feels like; if it’s uncomfortable or painful
"I'll turn the video off in a little bit, and my voice will be gone, but you will remember where you can find it again. You'll come back every day. Whenever you're free. You'll come back, and you'll find it easier to let go each time, and ten times more enjoyable. When you wake back up you won't question the state you are in, or what happened. You'll close the site and forget everything but the feeling,"
It suddenly felt as if everything else disappeared. The yelling and sounds of fighting from somewhere in the house were drained from existence, Dean's mind quiet yet laser focused at the same time.
The first contact made Dean splutter, his knees giving out and eyelids twitching. If it wasn’t for Cas, he would probably be kissing the ground. The shock rendered him mute as he tried to gather himself again.
The demon stood over him, admiring his new toy. Dean Winchester himself. Who would have thought this would be his lucky day?
He kept chewing at his lip, before finally deciding and clicked on the video, giving the room another look around before making it full-screen.
Dean bit his tongue to keep himself from whimpering pathetically and slid around Cas' form, his breathing heavy from anticipation, legs begging for mercy.
“You want another taste, baby?” Cas’ words smoked into Dean’s mouth, nose and ears; flooding every entrance. The onslaught of grace made Dean’s muscles relax and his senses dull. His thoughts blanked completely and he was left with his jaw hanging open, eyes staring into space ahead.
His thoughts were sluggish after that. Thinking felt exhausting. It was unnecessary. He needed to just let go and give in- his body knew what he needed without any thought at all. So he did just that. Because it was painless and
The demon extended his hand and slammed the door shut tight with an invisible force while Dean just watched, mind buzzing with anticipation, still no fear. He doesn't really remember how he got here, or how this began but he didn't want to know. Somehow it felt like this was all he needed. No explanation.
He was let down, collapsing to the ground in a mess. His eyes were stuck, rolled back so far he could see the inside of his skull. Judging by how he felt, there shouldn't be a brain there, because he couldn't muster up any thought at all, all that used to be blended into mush.
- his eyes rolled back so far they were almost completely white. And he shouldn’t find this arousing, but he couldn’t deny the feeling or the response he saw in his own body.
and moved on. There was a short description, explaining the same things as before- how effective it is, that it helps with stress, confidence, concentration, yadda, yadda, yadda,...
He focused back up, first thing that drew his attention instantly being the impossible blue looking back at him intensely. It made his skin crawl in a way he couldn't quite place, and it was almost like the air got stuck mid-way in his throat. Framing the blue was a patch of dark locks falling over the features, all messy and wild. God damn sex hair was the only way he could describe it and
Dean would have made a sarcastic comment about it being cliche, but he wasn't fully there. The edges of his vision were blurring around the screen, bringing it even more into focus.
A voice. Just as soon as a light started blinking on the camera, secured on top of the computer screen.
Words went by too fast and he didn't try grasping onto them anymore, letting them come and go. He began to see something moving in the white, stripes of black slowly fading into focus along with more flashes as a spiral was formed.
Cas relished in the way muscles tensed in Dean's body, the shiver rolling down his spine visible. He could sense the arousal in the room, clogging his senses. If he knew this is what Dean craved, he wouldn't have hesitated in satisfying him much sooner.
Without any difficulty or thought, Dean found his head moving up and down slowly, relaxed at his neck. He was barely holding up the weight of it.
There was banging on the bathroom door, and worried shouting of the little Winchester brother. The demon released his hold on the door and Sam burst in, frantically looking from left to right until he landed on the figure of the demon and his brother, lying on the floor so lost he was barely unrecognizable. The demon only grinned, his blue eyes lost to the black that swallowed it and disappeared with a snap of his fingers, leaving behind only scattered clothes and a wall covered in semen.
"Now stroke yourself slowly. Tease all the way down. From the tip to the base. And think of me. All of the pleasure you're feeling- it's me. I'm giving it all to you, and I'm the only one that can give you what you need. Nobody else."
Dean could hear himself begin to choke on sounds, moans and sobs. He could feel the ache of his throat, how raw it was. Each thrust amplifying the need, and Dean wondered how he's still able to remain conscious, or perhaps he wasn't anymore, but was still able to watch through the demon's eyes. In this whole time nobody had touched his needy erection, yet he could feel how close he was. Feeling himself penetrate and be penetrated at the same time. On, and on, and on.
He didn't want to break away for air, desperately clashing teeth on teeth, feeling his vision swim whenever he got a glimpse of light through his fluttering lids. He was on a high and he never wanted to come down. The needy, raw sounds leaving him hurt his throat in the best way possible and his whole body suddenly ached. Clothes so
A signal fired in his brain and he started stroking himself, fast then faster, rocking into his loose fist without reason. His tongue lolled out in his daze and dribble ran from the corner of his mouth as he chased his release, yet no matter how close he was the tension only built and built and
His hand palmed at the clothed erection, feeling up and down with one finger, making the organ fill out even more.
Dean hadn't even noticed, but he was hard for a long time already. He couldn't tell when it happened, but all he knew was that it felt like the most amazing thing in the world.
"At this point, you're just begging for it, hm?" He pushed the flannel off Dean's shoulders and discarded it on the floor. "You want to be
Finally, the restricting cloth was discarded to the floor with everything else. Dean sat up again and Cas smoked out, hands made of grace stroking Dean's slack face while his gaze fixated on the captivating light.
Dean’s gaze went from Billie to the large photo that hung behind her. One of a bridge, probably the golden gate, done in black and white. It wasn’t much though it was the only thing that brought some kind of calm to Dean’s racing heart, kept his mind focused enough that he could think of something other than cocaine.
“Shit,” Dean whispered. He stared at the screen for a moment, thumb hesitantly sliding accept, before he tossed the phone onto the passenger seat. “Heya Sammy,” Dean greeted. He turned back to the road, the streets mostly empty, and fairly familiar. He couldn’t have been much more than fifteen minutes from Sam’s apartment. “What do ya want?
Claire pressed her lips together, waiting for Chuck to say more as he leant forward and grabbed the spoon from the sugar bowl. Each movement was far too slow, getting a small spoonful of sugar, pouring it into his cup, stirring it in, testing the drink, then adding more.
They started in silence for a moment, Dean’s eyes wondering across the man's face. His neck  tattoo that could just be seen under his collar, his brown eyes, and his harsh jawline that sat clenched. “Would you like some water?” The officer finally asked. He lent back against his chair, and Dean mimicked his action.
“I don’t know.” Dean finally shrugged, his eyes no longer watching his brother but the drugs, watching as they swayed slightly. He’d never planned to use it all that night, at least that’s what he would tell himself. He had control. He didn’t need the drug. He wasn’t addicted
Dean waited three days until he went to talk to Cas, before that, avoiding him at all cost. Finally a day before Dean left for LA when he knew Logan would be at work, Dean went next door, knocking on Cas’s apartment.
Starving to death, as messed up as it was, seemened beautiful. Slow, drawn out, dull, and painful. It seemed almost addictive. Beautiful. Euphoric. Holding the same grace as a ballerina across a stage.
Despite that he didn’t fight back as Lee dragged him away. His feet stumbling under him, never catching balancing as he was dragged through sweaty crowds, and back to the basement stairwell. Azazel’s pained expression still burning in his mind. The way the other had held his face in pain. Fucking good. Dean wished he’d gotten to throw another.
“Okay!” Ellie cried, she grabbed her bags with one hand, and then Sam’s hand with the other before pulling him towards the arcade. “Let’s play games!”
