Sending a prayer of thanks to his own Father, Castiel was content with the life they had built. His own little patch of family, in this big and busy world.
Nodding, but not letting his worry go just yet, he shouted through to the library “Sammy, Gabe? Get your asses in the war room, Alfie has something to tell us.”
Dean puffed up with pride, while Cas huffed, and Chuck shot a mock-shocked look at Dean “you have corrupted him!”
Everyone nodded in agreement “that sounds perfect” Gabriel said “as long as there is popcorn!”
After a delicious meal, they moved to show Samandriel his room, across the hall from Dean and Cas’s, but were stopped in the corridor by Gabriel.
William laughed “I will have to see that, to believe it. Now, I know Father has ordered us to rest and ‘hang out’ so why don’t you tell my your real reason for this visit, hmm?”
“It never happened again” Chuck continued “one soul bond was made with the universe; the rest were created by Cupids. So, when you were told the paring of Mary Campbell and John Winchester was commended to ensure you and your brother were born, it was true, just not for the reasons everyone believed. If you were never born, Dean, the universe wouldn’t have been able to support itself. It would have probably imploded.”
Dean didn’t react to his voice, but Cas spoke up “we have made a room up for Samandriel, and decided to make food for us and Gabriel, since he doesn’t like to eat human food too much. Where is Gabriel anyway?” Cas half expected his brother to be stuck to Sam’s side for while.
Dean shook his head “I’ve seen what angels following God’s word have done to my family in the past, no way am I trusting some dead beat, ADHD, God to protect mine. I’ll go out of my mind with worry if you guys go alone. Please, Samandriel, just let me tag along. I’ll sit in the corner quietly, unless anyone tries anything hinky with you, I just want to make sure you are ok. I’ve lost you once, and I’ve lost your father too many times to count, and I can’t go through that again. Even if all the angels are behaving, and I’m just overreacting, it will ease my mind.”
Cas smiled at Sam “hello Sam” and turned to Jody “hello” he offered before staring back at Dean. He tilted his head, like Dean had done moments ago, making a few people gasp. Dean, used to this by how, just smiled, and relaxed in the feeling of Cas’s grace tugging on their bond.
John, and several other peoples, jaw dropped at that “he’s letting you drive the Impala? Once I handed the keys over even I wasn’t allowed to drive it.”
“Well” Dean replied, dragging Cas off the bed “we’ve got to get a room prepared for Alfie and Gabe, then I’ll need to get a start on lunch. Gabe? You want your room closer to Sam’s, or in an empty corridor?”
It was the first time, ever, that anyone had heard Dean Winchester admit that he didn’t deserve anything bad that had happened to him.
Mary had tried hard not to cry, but this pushed her over the edge “I won’t tell anyone, thank you so much for telling me though.”
Cas answered “I was given Samandriel when he was first created. I loved him as if he had come from my Grace. Our grace accepted each other as a parent & child bond. When Dean and I met, and our bond was acknowledged, Samandriel’s Grace must have also bonded with Deans soul. I never realized until now.”
He coughed lightly to announce his presence, something his Uncle Sam had taught him “Dad? Father?” he started, sliding round to the other side of the table “I am visiting Heaven today, some of the healers require assistance in learning about human medicine. Balthazar was helping them, but he hasn’t been accurate with some major points, and Chuck is worried about them visiting Earth and doing something silly.”
Ash stood and walked closer to Samandriel, everyone else rose to follow. He felt quite nervous with so many people staring at him, but he took a deep breath and prepared to answer as many questions as it took for them to let him stay and get to know them.
Dean shook his head and pulled Samandriel into a rough hug “none of that ‘Dean’ stuff Alfie, if you want to call me ‘Dad’ I’ll happily answer to it.”
“It is nothing little one, you deserve it after everything you lived through before your death. Gabriel is back as well, and living with Castiel and the Winchesters. Castiel and Dean are now in a relationship, and Dean knows about the bond you share with him and Castiel. He accepted the bond before he even understood it, so you can rejoice in your reunion without having to worry about anything.”
Cas managed to sort himself out in time to hug his father goodbye once more.
Cas held his arms out in display "how do I look?"
Samandriel had cried quietly through John’s speech, feeling sad for the man who still felt without peace in Heaven “it is not possible to remove objects from the Soul Area, they simply don’t exist outside of here. But, I can pass on a message and I’m sure if you ask nicely, Mary will share a secret with you.” Samandriel shot a wink over to Mary, tilting his head in John’s direction. Mary smiled and nodded, seemingly understanding what he meant.
Dean sighed "I'm glad we get our family back when we die, I just wish you'd get your brothers back."
Chuck had tears in his eyes when he turned and pulled Castiel into a hug “no, thank you son for being the one who started showing me my path”.
Dean paled at the thought, but Chuck’s gentle laugh eased him a bit “no Castiel, the universe only deemed that you two meet and your soul and grace touch. Anything that came after that was down to your own free will. You could have taken several paths; you could have remained friends for the rest of Dean’s life, then joined him in Heaven with Sam, and continued that way for the rest of time. Or, you could have gone your separate ways after the apocalypse was aborted, you would have spent the rest of your life feeling like something was missing, but it wouldn’t have affected you all that much. The universe would try with all its might to make you cross paths as often as possible to keep your bond fresh. Your bond is just an anchor, there are no feelings involved with it, even though you can use it to feel each other.”
It had been six months since he was brought back. It was also six months since he promised Chuck he would help in Heaven if it was ever needed. Now, Chuck had called upon him for help, and he was excited to answer the call.
Samandriel cocked his head and narrowed his eyes, much like Castiel “Chuck has control of Heaven again, all angels rejoice in his return and eagerly follow his word once me. Why would they harm me, or father, in any way?”
Castiel was bewildered “what gift? What could you possibly give me, that you haven’t already?”
-------------------------------------------
you having to leave him there for so long, because we couldn't find a way to get him out. Tell him, that you carried his coat around in ever car, after he went into the lake. Tell him, that everytime he flies off for "Angel Business" that it hurts you, because he doesn't seem to consider even staying with you, or us, to hang out. I swear to God, if he's still even around, if you don't tell him, I will! I can't stand the sexual tension anymore, it's like living in the first 5 minutes of a porn."
Cas shot him a thankful look “that’s very kind of you Sam, perhaps we can all share dinner later in the evening?”
“Well, I best be off. Lots to do, people to raise from the dead” Chuck sighed as he stood “Don’t worry, Alfie will be here soon” he nodded to Dean and Cas.
“Jody here is trying to pull our legs. Said angels are real, and walk the earth, and said you could confirm it” he laughed, looking amused. Dean, being the asshole that he is, laughed with him, winking at Jody.
Everyone had moved closer when they showed signs of finishing up, so they heard John’s comment and laughed along.
He didn't question it, he just nodded and smiled, before joining them.
Sam loved his hoody, it got him through so much. It was larger than him, and he always wore it when he was sick, or sad. He hoped it would help Cas. He wrapped it gently over Cas's shoulders, helping him get his arms through. Deciding to give them both some privacy, he went off to make dinner, not before dropping a gentle kiss on Cas's forehead.
"I may not get my angelic brothers back, but I have Sam and Adam, and I'll get to be part of your family when I die as well" Cas replied, shyly.
Cas sniffed, tears in his eyes “I didn’t want to burden you, we weren’t together then, and you had more important things to do.”
“I don’t understand Father, are you back? Am I back? Are Castiel and Dean ok?!”
Chuck nodded solemnly “she is very proud of you, both of you. But, except for the very short time she spent here on Earth with you, she feels like she does not know you. But fear not, she loves you both very much and looks forward to an eternity in Heaven with her whole family.”
Cas rolled his eyes again, while Samandriel giggled.
Arriving outside the Bunker door, Samandriel was glad he had visited everyone, but he was nervous to share with his family. Taking a deep breath, he opened the door and headed down the stairs.
“Well, I am sure you’ve heard of the Winchesters extended family spending time together in one Heaven. I asked Chuck if it would be ok to visit them and introduce myself. I’ve heard so much about them back home, and really want to meet them all!”
“Well” Chuck hummed “not exactly, but, when the universe was created it needed a purpose, an anchor, to thrive. But, it couldn’t be one singular entity, it needed two sources which would combine and continue on indefinitely. That’s why it took so long for Earth to settle properly. Castiel was the last Angel in existence created from the stars. I noticed it was easier to create human souls after Castiel. After the Leviathans, it was almost too easy.
John decided to ask the question that had been bothering him for a while now “what about the Impala? Does Dean still have her, because you haven’t mentioned it yet?”
“What’s the word, Cas?” Dean asked, in a teasing tone.
"Does she know?"
Dean softened once he’d settled into the hug, he placed a gentle kiss on the side of Samandriel’s head, then just held him for a few minutes.
“Because... Just because I haven’t ever... Done anything. With a dude. Doesn’t mean I never thought about it.” Dean’s eyes flashed with fear for a moment, his voice wobbling as he said it. “Or wanted to.”
“What are you doing here?” Jack turned around. It was a woman. Well, it was in a woman’s form. Jack recognized her as Med, the demon, from stories.
“Jerk.”
“Cas, you’re killing me here. You gotta know what I mean.”
“I suppose. You said he can translate the Elamite?”
“I know. It was worth it, though.” Sam was still laying down on his bed, so he didn’t see Dean give him the middle finger. “Okay, it’s my turn.”
“Thanks, Cas. And don’t worry- Wait. Do you know ancient Elamite?” Castiel was surprised at the question.
“Jack recreated it. You can have it back after tonight, I know how much you loved it.”
“The demon-”
“He was cool. His name was Benny, he never killed a person once he came back, and he died saving Sam’s life.” Dean could hear reluctant grumbles of agreement all around.
“Kevin couldn't translate the tablet into English, so he translated it into Elamite. Could you translate it?”
“Almost anything, you mean, right?”
“Both, as in you like both guys and girls?”
“No. That has always been my dad’s last name, and I don’t want to carry his abusive legacy anymore. Sam and I talked, and we were thinking about Singer. Because Bobby’s always been more of a father to us than John ever was. Would you like to take that name, too?”
He got strawberry and Sam got vanilla, and they sat on the trunk of Baby, eating their ice cream. When they were done, they drove back to the Fox House.
“Dean? Are you okay?” The lustful look in Castiel’s eyes turned to concern.
“Hey, Dean. You’re not a killer. Trust me. Look- Look at me. You’re not a killer. You are the best person I know, and I’ve met a lot of people. More than you can comprehend. And out of all of them, the only one who I cared about enough to die for is you.” Castiel had tears flowing down his face now, matching Dean’s.
“Who’s Naomi?” Dean had stood up when Castiel turned away, and was trying to help Castiel, knowing there wasn’t anything he could do.
“Know that I will always love you, no matter what.”
“I mean, Castiel is kind of both our Dad. And I suppose Dean is, too. At least for me,” she added quickly. “Sam’s more of the cool uncle who taught me how to hack.”
“Claire Novak-Winchester. Good idea or not?”
“Excelt we’re not really just friends, are we?”
Leave a comment! Let me know what you think, suggest a sentence prompt! I read all of them!
“And if there is ever a time when we are separated.”
“Sammy?”
“The room is around back. The woman said it was the last one available, that there is a large biker gang passing through today.”
“In the metaphorical sense. It basically means you will be able to let go of the burden that comes with it.”
“Hey, got something.”
“Because Castiel made me promise not to. I wanted to, but he said no. I’m sorry. It’s my ault if I had just told you, he would still be alive.” Jack was crying as he punched himself in the arm.
“Um... Lucifer’s.” Castiel looked down at the suddenly very interesting table.
At table one, there was Dean, Castiel, Gabriel, Sam, Eileen, and Jack.
“A lake.”
“Here. Let me help.” Castiel knelt next to Dean and cupped Dean’s face in his hand, healing it.
“When they kissed, Dean started to feel that same feeling that Grace gives you. He thought it was the feeling of kissing the person who you were truly in love with. The person who you’d been wanting to kiss for years. The person who saved your life over and over again. The person who saved you from Hell, whether it be literal or metaphorical. The person who was your soulmate.
“We are here today to celebrate the relationship of Dean Winchester and Castiel and to be witnesses and supporters of the commitment they share with each other. Today, we’re a group of the most important people in their lives, and they brought you here to recognize the very special part each of you have played in their lives.
“Awesome! Dean led Castiel into the barn, and everyone else followed behind. “Wait, Sam, why is it your phone there?”
“Why?”
“Because he was sure enough. Nothing in life has a hundred percent certainty, man. You take the percentage you’re given and run with it.”
“Why? I told him it wasn’t me, it was the angels. What’d you talk to him about?” Dean went into the diner and sat at one of the barstools at the counter. Castiel followed suit.
“Because it wasn't you. And begging for my life would have been worthless if you didn’t care.” Den took a step toward Castiel so they were about two feet apart.
“Actually, it’s closer to about uh...” Dean thought for a second. “A hundred and... Four? I think? I’m not a hundred percent sure, but I think it’s a hundred and four.” At this, the whole kitchen fell silent. Everyone’s eyes went to Dean, waiting to hear how in the Hell he managed to die a hundred and four times.
“Why? Didn’t you see how broken he looked?”
“Fine. How long do I have to have it on for?” Dean eyed the shoe with suspicion.
Set during Season 12, Episode 6,  “Celebrating the Life of Asa Fox”, no Destiel, no romance, I just wanted to write a good brother moment, and one of my favorite things to write is PTSD because it should’ve been shown way more in the show. [This should in no way be taken as W*nc*st.]
“Jack- Jack, it’s okay. I- We understand. Castiel told you not to.” Sam put his hand on Jack’s shoulder with a reassuring look.
“A serial killer who’s trying to hunt down my son, Jack, and I. He killed my wife, Jack’s mother, years ago.”
Castiel had just gotten back to the bunker from a hunt. He was walking to his room when he heard a quiet sniffle as he passed Dean’s room. After a moment of deliberating whether to go in or just ignore it, he decided to go in and check on Dean.
“Are you guys ready?” Jack appeared near them.
“Castiel is my dad, but my... Biological father is in another world. I think an adequate term you would understand better would be ‘alternate dimension’.”
“Please don’t tell Sam. Not yet, at least. I want to tell him at the right time. I’ll tell him when the case is over.” He placed a small kiss on Castiel’s lips.
All eyes turned toward him. Bobby was the first one to stand up and give him a hug. Then Charlie, then Benny, then most everyone else except Death.
They stayed like that for a while. Neither of them were sure exactly how long, but they just stayed there, content to be in each other’s presence. Content to finally be together. Content to just be.
“Because you were here.” Castiel tilted his head at Dean, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
“It’s when you can love someone without gender being a factor. Personally, I don’t see a huge difference, just the vibe that each of them has. And you definitely have a bisexual vibe.
“What?” Sam was gone, it was Ezekiel.
“Castiel Winchester?” He looked quizzically at Dean.
“When I was flying you out of Hell, at one point, I almost dropped you. If I had, then all our efforts would have been for nothing, and you would have been beyond saving. In order to not let that happen, I branded myself to you. In human terms, it is like I,” Casatiel tried to find an adequate comparison. “It’s like I handcuffed myself to you. Except instead of handcuffs, it was my grace, and I bound my grace to your soul. We are generally warned against doing this, as it can leave a lasting impression, but it’s what had to be done. So that handprint on your arm contains minute traces of my grace, intermingling with your soul. An unbreakable bond.”
“Dean, I’m so sorry. I was paying attention to you and blocking out everything else.” Castiel whispered to him. “It’s fine, just stay there.” He flew to the door, and opened it, to Sam falling through the doorway. Apparently he had been sitting outside, leaning on the door listening to Dean and Castiel, and hadn’t heard Castiel approach the door.
“Well, it’s good that he got them out.”
Dean looked Castiel in the eyes as he said “I do.”
He had only met them once on a case, which was when he found out that supernatural creatures were real. He happened to run into them when he was on a walk to clear his mind and he happened to pass the graveyard where the Winchesters were digging up a body. The ghost showed up and he helped Sam fend it off while Dean salted and burned the body. After that, they talked for a while, then Dean gave him his phone number in case he'd ever need them.
Once they both got out to the car, Dean drove them to the ice cream place.
“Yes.”
“I... I think it might be love.” Castiel’s voice was barely more than a whisper, as he looked at the floor, preparing himself for Dean telling him to get lost or leace and never come back.
“Because I want to talk to you, Dean.” He sat on the bottom right corner of the bed.
“This is not you, man. You are above this. Come on.” Dean followed Castiel as he brought a box of peanuts to be restocked.
“Yes. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. My head can’t seem to choose. I... I don’t know what to do.” Dean scooted closer to the edge. “I just know that there has to be one. I can’t have both.” Dean scooted even closer to the edge, supported almost all the way by his hands.
When Dean saw this, he pulled off to the side of the road, and turned to face Castiel.
Sam had seen his brother unconscious before. A lot, actually, more times than most people see their brothers passed out, but this time was different. Maybe it was because it wasn’t because of any supernatural force. Maybe it was because Dean lad literally passed out from a panic attack. Maybe it was because the panic attack was because his soulmate (Dean didn’t explicitly say that, but Sam wasn’t blind, as many times as he wished he was around them) had died in front of him, and he had to burn Castiel’s body.
“Why do you say that, Dean?”
He got there in three hours. He was so caught up in his grief thaat he didn’t notice that there were no moving cars, no people. He almost ran off the road no less than four times because he could barely see through his tears.
Good to know.
“So how can you talk and stuff?”
“Yeah, I could eat a horse.” Claire got up to see Jack staring at her, mildly horrified. “It’s a metaphor, Dumbass.”
“Ready?” Castiel nodded. Jack closed his eyes and transported them right back to where he was, in front of Sam and Dean.
Dean was organizing the trunk of the Impala, handing things to Castiel to put on the fold-up table they set up next to the Impala in the Bunker’s garage. Salt rounds. Demon knife. Rosary beads. Spray paint. Salt. Gasoline. Box of Zippo lighters. Various small boxes. God, it’s tedious.
That’s right! These glasses are holy-fired! We used them for the first trial, when we had to kill the Hellhound.”
Dean was laying on his bed, tears silently streaming down his face, with his right arm hanging off the side of the bed. But what immediately caught Castiel’s attention was the steady dripping of blood falling from his right wrist, collecting on the floor below. And the hunting knife in his left hand.
“Thank you, Castiel Winchester.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hotchner, this is Dean Winchester. We can answer your questions. Apparently.” A quiet scuffle sound. “Fine, sorry. Ask away.”
“Right, sorry. Meg is right. If I am to save your brother, we need to hurry. Please, lead the way. I’ll follow you.”
“Well, yeah, obviously, but he got his powers from his dad. His biological dad.”
“It took you long enough.”
Sam had checked the library, the war room, the kitchen, Dean’s room, the garage, even his and Jack’s room, everywhere, but he couldn’t find Dean. He did note that the Impala was still in the garage, so Dean couldn’t be far. He decided to check to see if he could track Dean’s cell signal, if his phone was on.
“Cas? What are you doing here?” Dean lifted his head up from the pillow and took his hand off the gun that was underneath it, in favor of sitting himself up.
“I have feelings for you too.” Upon hearing this, Dean raised his head. When Castiel saw him, there were tears running down his face.
“Why are you laughing?”
“I have killed many of my brothers. Most of which I fought side-by-side with many years ago. It is a burden that you can never get rid of, no matter how much you try to atone for it.”
Right after the scene in season 7 where Castiel gets his memory back, after being Emanuel for a time. They are going up to Sam’s hospital room.
“Yes, she is. I think she’s attracted to me.”
He was near certain he knew the answer to this question but he thought it might be worth asking anyway, given how much they work with local law enforcement.
For a moment, Castiel was frozen in shock, tears threatening to spill from his eyes. Then he slowly started moving toward Dean, who, as it was becoming increasingly obvious, couldn’t hear him. If Castiel had to guess, and he was an exceptional guesser, he would say that Dean was dissociating. He sat down on the opposite side of the bed and put his hand on Dean’s forehead, healing him, while taking the knife away from Dean with the other.
Cas said he loved him.
“That definitely sounds doable. Where did you say it was again?”
MEANWHILE
“I’m sorry, what?” Csatiel eyed Dean nervously, still staring at what Castiel could now tell to be his wings.
“No, you called me a ‘bloodsucking freak’.” Sam’s eyes were starting to water. He had never forgotten that voicemail. He tried to, but he couldn’t.
“But-but I’m a killer. I have blood on my hands. So much blood.” Dean stared at his hands as though they were actually covered in blood. Cas could tell by his rapidly increasing heartbeat that Dean was starting to have a panic attack.
“To what?”
“Why didn’t you ever respond to the voicemail I left you?”
“I started listening when you told Castiel that he couldn’t tell me, and knowing our track record with secrets, I stayed and listened. I really wasn’t expecting that, though. I’m really sorry.”
Leave a comment! Let me know what you think, suggest a sentence prompt! I read all of them!
“I like yours, too, Cas. It’s a cool color.” Castiel’s tie was a forest green, and almost glossy, but not in a way that made it look tacky. It actually made it look extremely expensive. “Where did you get it?”
Claire glanced back at the menu. “It comes with two corndogs.”
“So what did you mean by ‘the safest place in the world’?”
“Bitch.”
Dean was quiet for a few minutes, processing everything. Part of his emotional constipation, Sam assumed.
“I love it.”
“How do you know Castiel and the Winchesters?”
“Yes, I was wondering that as well. Hello, Castiel.” Balthazar hugged Castiel.
“What? Dude, no.” After a moment, “we just kissed.”
“Dick. Anway, what about demons? Monsters? Things the angels did on Earth?”
“I can think of a few people who would be very into that.”
“Not much. Just that we can experience things like food, emotions, and sex like humans.”
“No. I meant what I said. Anything you want, I’m here.”
Cas said Dean was his happiness.
“Just in case they’re people I’ve met before. I don’t think I have.”
Jack smiled as he placed the final touches on the arch. He had already replaced the fluorescent lights with soft, yellow-orange ones, covered the walls invines, and put a layer of moss (that would never not be soft) on the ground. He switched to the eating decor (he was God, he could make things appear and disappear at will) to check that it, too, looked good. Then to the party decor. That looked good after a few tweaks. Namely, switching out the kegs for a classy barrel with a spigot look. He felt ready. He switched back to the ceremony look, then went back to the bunker.
“Castiel buttoned up his jacket, then looked up at Gabriel. “Yes. How do I look?”
“When my mother, Kelly Kline, was still pregnant with me, I was somewhat aware and have little memories from there. I learned from her how to speak and understand English and the basics of everything.”
Dean’s face reddend. “I thought you’d like it.”
“If, at some point, you feel comfortable doing so, you can invite some of your former teammates over.”
“So that a part of me will always be with you, even when I am not.”
Leave a comment! Let me know what you think, suggest a sentence prompt! I read all of them!
“Cas? You’re scaring me a little here, buddy. What is it? I won’t be mad, please just tell me.”
“I love you too.”
“Yes, are you affiliated with any other serial killers? I mean, ones who kill people.”
Hey! Sorry I haven't been posting as much, I haven't been writing as much. I'm tired because I'm depressed. As is pretty much all of this fandom, I assume. Anyway, I posted all that I have written. I might not post for a while, but I'll try to whenever I can.
“I’m not going to talk about it,” Dean stated adamantly. “Anyway, the third- well, more accurately, the... hundred and third time.”
“Because... Because I wanted my last memories to be good ones, to be ones normal people have. No monsters or gods, just the sky.”
“You know, Sam told me that Jack told him that I was his father.”
“What deal?” Sam looked at Jack over Dean.
He was surprised when someone answered the phone with a  tired “Ghostbusters”.
Samandriel noticed Castiel first, and went over to him. “Hi. I’m not sure why Fath- Jack, he asked us to call him Jack-  brought me back. I mean, I know it was for your wedding, he explained that, but why me?” Samandriel looked at the floor sadly. Castiel lowered his head and caught his eye, remembering the last thing Sammie saw was Castiel killing him.
Dean’s eyes opened, clouded with confusion, then realization as he saw Castiel. He stared at Castiel blankly for a moment, then asked one question that broke Castiel’s heart.
“And the other hundred and one times?”
“So that a part of me will always be with you, even when I am not.”
“Does it have to do with the deal he made with the Empty?” Jack remembered when Castiel saved his life in Heaven.
“I give you this ring as a symbol of my love.”
“Then let’s go see.”
“Yes, but it’s a good thing he didn’t try to stuff more in, or else he would be even worse. Right?”
“Ask me the question.”
“Well, what’s mine say?” Dean reached his hand over to take the other card from Castiel. “Dean Singer. Those sons of bitches.” He laughed.
“Okay, thank you. We should make it by midday tomorrow.”
“Well, not to make you feel guilty, but I did those things for you. So as long as you never have to go through what I did, it will have been worth it.” Dean smiled sadly at Sam. “And besides, we can’t change the past, so let’s just forget about it. Please?”
“Yeah, I can show you. We actually have the biggest collection of supernatural and occult lore in the world.”
“So. You’re Jack?” Claire asked, laying on her bed.
“I wanted to watch the sunset.” Dean's voice sounded monotone, as if he didn’t really feel what he was saying.
“Because you are heterosexual.”
“Well, when I was born, my power opened a rift, and he was fighting with Mary, Sam and Dean’s mother, and they both fell through. I haven’t figured out yet how to open it back up.”
After a few minutes of making out, they broke apart because they both needed to to breathe. Dean put his hands on Castiel’s shoulder, and held him out at arm’s length, studying his face.
“Oh. Well, I’m sorry.” Castiel gave Samandriel a small smile.
“Of course. That’ll be no problem at all.” She turned to Dean. “I’m really sorry about your mom. I hope you feel better soon.”
“Great, thanks. We’ll see you in 20.”
Sam decided he needed to take charge. “Okay, here’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to get in the Impala, and I’ll drive us back to the Bunker. It’ll be fast because there’s no one else. Jack, you sit shougun, and Dean, you can lay down in the back seat.” He pulled Dean up, opened the car door, and put Dean in the backseat. Dean was exhausted by this poing, and only about half-conscious. Sam and Jack both got into the front, and they drove to the Bunker, stopping for gas along the way. That’s where the Miracle fiasco happened.
After Castiel killed the vampire, he looked around and saw Dean on the floor, one hand on his neck, which was not doing very much against the blood that was rushing past his fingers, onto the dusty, cement floor. Castiel rushed over to Dean, and knelt beside him.
“Dean. I really am sorry. I want you to know that that wasn’t me.” Castiel hurried after Dean up the hospital stairs, trying to keep up with him.
“We are the only ones left.” Samandriel’s voice was barely above a whisper. “Why am I left? I mean, I get why you three are, but why me? And please don’t say that it was because Jack said you felt bad about killing me.”
Sorry this one's really short, I was really tired.
“Stay for me. I can’t promise you that I’ll never leave, and I can’t promise you that I’ll always come when you call, but I can promise that I will always come back. There may be problems I need to handle on my own, but I will always come back to you. So please, stay for me, and I will stay for you.” Dean visible relaxed a little when he said that, breath getting a little steadier as he comprehended what Castiel said. Then he looked at Castiel with confusion.
Eventually, they decided to get going. They got in the Impala, and started driving. Dean didn’t know what to expect when he turned to get onto the highway, but barely noticing a thing wasn’t it. As a matter of fact, he probably would’ve thought it didn’t work if a car hadn’t suddenly appeared a ways off in front of them.
“Jack became God less than a year ago.”
“Then, and humor me here, what would happen if you touched it again?” Dean grew more curious with each word.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shut up, Bastard. Oh, the waiter’s coming.”
MEANWHILE
“Did you die the same way every time,” the guy standing in front of Dean asked.
“What do you mean ‘what are we’?”
“But in the way that you like both, not the way that you don’t like either, right?”
“That’s cool! I don’t even remember when I was two years old!”
“Yeah, but I have Sam, Dean, and Castiel, and they help me. Castiel knew my mother pretty well, so he tells me about her when I ask.”
“Thank you. You can have it after tonight. We can just switch ties.” They both laughed.
“What?”
“Because Sam knows me too well. He knew that I would bring up the last name thing before we got off the highway, especially if Gabriel happens to mention it right before we leave. So he had Gabriel play along. He also knew that I would only ask to see the address right before we got off the highway. Presumably after we talked about it. He knew that I loved the idea, and he knew you would too.”
“I give you this ring as a symbol of my love.”
“Bitch.” Dean hugged Sam back, grateful for everything he had. When they were done, they went out of Dean’s room, to the Library.
“I’m sorry, what?”
“Well, I don’t think there’s much left to say, but I figured I should say something, so I’ll say this.” Bobby walked to the barn doors, surveyed the barn, then walked to a spot about halfway through and a little to the left. “This is where Castiel was standing when you stabbed him with the demon knife.” Everyone burst out laughing. Bobby pointed to a spot about five feet away. “And that’s where you knocked me out.” Everyone started laughing again. A quick “Sorry!” from Castiel. Bobby walked back to his seat. “Alright, that’s all I have to say. Just thought everyone should know what actually happened here. Idjits.” He picked up his beer- “To the happy couple” -and sat down.
“Right then, Castiel’s manager came back into the store from the back. She came over to Castiel and Dean, who was looking sadly at Castiel.
“I knew you couldn’t sleep, so I-”
“We should get back to Sam and Meg, see how they’re doing. If you want to come with us, we can continue this in my room in the Bunker.” Castiel stood up, then helped Dean up.
“Thanks. But I think I want to.” Claire put her menu down. “Do you know what you want to eat?”
“Um, okay, bye. Tell Cas I said hi.” Sam was back right after Ezekiel said goodbye.
When Dean woke up, he immediately felt like something was off. He was in the bunker, in his and Cas’s bedroom- Cas! He wasn’t there! Why wasn’t he there? Wait, what day was it? Dean checked his phone. Oh. February 14th, 2021. They were getting married today. That’s why Cas wasn’t in their room with him. They were getting married today! Dean hopped out of bed and slipped on his “Husband To Be” hoodie that Sam got both him and Castiel as engagement gifts. He went into the kitchen to get the first coffee of the day, then headed to the Library.
Dean took a few notecards out of his pocket, then put them back in. Castiel gave him a confused look. “Those were blank,” he whispered. Castiel nodded, smiling. Dean cleared his throat to speak louder.
“I’ll speak.”
“What the Hell, man?” Dean angrily got up, breathing heavily.
“Thank you. Both of you. Seriously.” Dean took the cards in the paper from Gabriel.
“Oh.”
“But why me” Why do I ‘deserve to be saved’? I mean look at me, man.” He looked over at Castiel with sad eyes. “I’m a mess. I couldn’t save that girl, much less myself. And, unlike other people, I know what comes next. I know I’m going to Hell, might as well arrive ahead of schedule.”
“Now listen here, you little-” Gabriel was interrupted by Castiel.
“What about?”
“What?” Claire was sure she heard wrong. Until she saw Jack tense up before repeating himself.
“Yeah, he’s fine, he’s getting us a room for the night at the moment. He has a job and everything.”
“Nope, I think the first time, I was shot in the chest, and then, in no particular order, slipped in the shower, poisoned by tacos, shot in the chest again, crushed under a falling piano, mauled by a dog, hit by a-” Dean noticed everyone staring behind him. Weird. He turned around to see Sam, his eyes glazing over.
“If you’re sick, we can find some angel or something to heal you. It doesn’t mean you’re going to die.”
Once everyone was outside, Jack closed the barn doors and put his hand in the center of them. His hands glowed white, and white light seeped out of the cracks in the barn, then disappeared. Jack let his hands fall.
“Ass-clown.”
“I’m not sure. I only brought back humans when I ‘brought everyone back’, so I’ll have a littke time to figure out what to do with them. I’ll probably create another world that they will go to when they die. I would have to lock it, though, so that no one can reach it, so no rifts can be opened. But what happens if they die there? They won’t. I’ll make it so that nothing can die over there, and they absolutely cannot come back here unless I personally bring them back.” Jack was talking to himself at this point, but Sam was stil listening to him, nodding along.
“Dean. Here, let me try.” Castiel placed his hand over Dean’s, on his neck, and Dean could feel the familiar warmth of Grace, but when the feeling faded, he could still feel the wound on his neck.
They went into the barn.
Leave a comment! Let me know what you think, suggest a sentence prompt! I read all of them!
“I’m not a hundred percent sure these count, but they count to Sam, so I count them. Gabriel dropped Sam in a wormhole, where he was basically living Groundhog Day, except instead of falling asleep to restart the day, the day restarted when I died. According to Sam, this happened one hundred and one times.”
While trying to copy and paste this here from  my Google Docs, I accidentally deleted the entire thing. I am very grateful for "version history".
“A job? What is it?”
“Actually no, I’m sorry, My boyfriend’s mom just died, so do you mind if I take the rest of the day off to stay with him? He has no one else.” Castiel felt guilty at how easily the lie rolled off his tongue. Dean looked at him in surprise.
“There was powerful magic ingrained in the Bunker, in sigils embedded on the walls and in the materials used to build it. There were also spells and sigils put on the building materials. It’s really powerful stuff. It’s also practically impenetrable physically. It was built to be humanity’s last defense against the evils of the world, so it can withstand something as strong as a meteor.” Sam rambled, he didn’t often get to tell someone about the Bunker.
“That’s what friends are for.” Jack gave her a smile.
“It’s a secret society called the Men of Letters. They might be into the world of the supernatural.”
“Oh. Okay. So, what did you want to talk about?” Dean sat on the bed with his back against the headboard.  He motioned for Castiel to move to sit next to him, which he did.
Everyone laughed, and started yelling out various versions of “Congratulations!” to Dean and Castiel, who were standing under the arch. Dean picked a yellow flower from the arch and put it behind Castiel’s ear. Castiel did the same to him with a pink one.
Dean cleared his throat, then spoke loud enough to be heard over all the commotion. “Hey.”
“No, that’s enough. Thanks, Garcia.”
Benny stood up. “I’d like to, if I may.” Castiel motioned for him to continue.
“What’s pansexual?” Dean handed Sam’s phone back to him.
“You said that if you go back to Heaven and see what you did, you might-” Dean’s voice hitched. “You said you might kill yourself. Please don’t. I couldn’t live with myself if you did.” Dean’s grip on Castiel tightened, and he put one hand on the back of Castiel’s head.
“Now for the I Do’s. Dean, do you take Castiel to be your husband, to love him, to comfort him, to honor and keep him, in sickness and in health and to be faithful to him for as long as you both shall live?”
“Last question. Are you affiliated with anyone in law enforcement?”
He saw that everyone had stood up, and was waiting for him to walk down the aisle. So he did. The one thing he had requested was that the song was anything but “Here Comes the Bride”. He got his wish. An instrumental version of Ramble On drifted through the air, causing Dean to chuckle as he walked.
“And what I told you when I confessed. I meant it, and I always will, Dean. You do everything you do for love. Ask anyone here.” Castiel swept his hand over the seated guests. They were all nodding. “And you care so much. About everything. It can be exhausting at times, but I wouldn’t trade it for anything. You cared enough to make me care. It’s very hard to do that. You may be the first human to ever do that to an angel. I love you, too, Dean.” They both were crying quietly by this point.
“I was actually thinking maybe you could stay here? I like holding your hand.”
“Of course, I’ll be right back,” Castiel whispered, then disappeared. He reappeared moments later, and sat on Dean’s bed.
Cas said he was selfless.
“Yes, I think I’ll get the corndog.” Jack put his menu down too.
“Because I don’t know if he will react like my dad. And I can’t lose him not again.” Tears were threatening to spill from Dean’s eyes. “Anyway, what did you not want to tell me? What do you think the bond might be?”
“Okay, thank you. Can you also look up something? It may take a while.”
“Why what, Dean?” Castiel’s voice was soft, as if he was comforting a distressed child.
“I didn’t mean to offend, I was watching the television yesterday, and there was something on about someone’s significant other’s mother dying. It was the first thing to come to me when I tried to think of an excuse.”
“Bitch.”
“Yes. Go ahead.”
She opened the door, and went out, followed closely by Jack. They crossed the street, went into the diner, and managed to snag the last booth available.
“Fine.” Dean took a breath. “But you have to promise not to tell anyone. Not even Sam. He doesn’t know, and he can’t know.”
“That’s... Impressive. I’d like to learn more about it.”
“Cas, what’s wrong?”
“Yeah? What about it?” Sam had absolutely no idea where Dean was going.
“I think we’re all good with speeches. And food. If you go outside the barn again, I will change it to a dance floor.” Jack stood up to start ushering people out again. Once again, he made the lights go haywire inside the barn, then opened the door to reveal a sleek wooden floor, a speaker system set up to Sam’s phone, tables on either side, and two long tables: one that was filled with different kinds of pie, and one that was a buffet of snacks and desserts at the end of the barn.
“Okay, lets see what we have in store for the night.” Dean drove around back, and parked outside room 15, at Castiel’s command. They got out of the car and Castiel unlocked the door to the room, finding out that the last room in the place had a single king-sized bed.
They finished packing that night, and put their things by the front door to go first thing in the morning.
“No. Well, yes. But also no. It’s Winchester-Kline. Jack Winchester-Kline. My mom was Kelly Kline.”
“Okay, shoot- Wait a sec- I don’t know. We have to answer his questions first. Why not? We have nothing else to do. Well, besides that. If we can help, we should try. He was nice before. Okay, good. Jack, go to your room, I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
And he had been there for an hour.
“Lucifer’s! You’re telling me that you let Lucifer’s son become God?”
It took about ten minutes before Dean felt confident enough in his legs to stand. Before he left the dungeon, he went to the wall where the Empty took Cas, and put his hand on it, secretly hoping the Empty would take him too. Needless to say, nothing happened. Except for a fresh wave of tears.
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel stood up, Dean following his lead.
Claire laughed at his retort. “That really the best you could do?”
“I like to think that, too.” They sat in amicable silence for a few minutes.  “What about you?”
“Wait, you made friends with a vampire?” The scorn was tangible in the air.
“Those sons of bitches. I’m going to rip their Grace out! They- That was a violation of privacy! CAS!”
“Yup.” Claire sighed, hoping the rest of their time alone wouldn’t be as awkward as it currently was.
It may not seem that exciting, but they wanted it to be simple. Hell, they were content to just get married in the Library, but it was Sam and Jack who wanted to do the big wedding. They agreed that as long as they didn’t spend a lot of money, it wouldn’t be tedious, neither Dean nor Castiel had to do a lot of planning, and they had to be confident Dean and Castiel would like it.
“Do you think they’d let me get two corndogs?”
“Thank you, Dean. I admit I’ve been neglecting their upkeep, but I’m glad you like them. To be honest, I’m a little surprised that you and Sam can see them without your eyes burning out of your skull, but given the fact that you’re Michael and Lucifer’s vessels, I really should’t be.”
“Of course, Dean. Anything you want.” Castiel smiled gently at him.
“What will happen to angels and demons when they die, then?”
They got to the diner at 5:30. Aaron decided to call the Winchesters before they went in. Sam answered again.
“Good. Do you want to go now?” Dean pulled away from Sam, and put his hands on his shoulders to ground him.
There was a soft knock on the door. Dean knew who it was, only one person would knock like that. “Come in, Sammy.” He finished tying his tie, and put on his suit jacket. “What do you think?” He turned around to see tears running down Sam’s face. “Woah woah woah, is everything okay? What’s going on?” He picked up his gun.
“His biological dad is the President,”Castiel stated bluntly. “Or did you forget the months you spent in the weird prison place that doesn’t exist?”
“Who’s your father? And why was he fighting with their mom?” Claire sat up on the edge of her bed to face Jack.
“Okay.” Dean stood up and helped Sam up. “I want burgers. I’m going to get burgers. You want some? From that diner in town? Ask Mini Satan if he wants anything and text me.” He went over to the door to go down.
“I think you should do what feels right to you. Not what you think anyone else would want. If you feel like a Winchester, then go ahead, but if you  are just doing it to impress Castiel or Dean or Sam, then don’t do it. Not that you need to impress them,” he added quickly. “They think you’re pretty awesome already.”
“Truth.”
“Why did you brand me?” Dean unbuttoned his shirt enough to slip it off of his shoulder so he could look at the handprint.
“What are you doing? Why are you up here?” Sam walked normally now, since Dean knew he was there. He still stayed a few feet away from the ledge. Even though it was about three-and-a-half feet tall, it was still low enough for Sam to feel uncomfortable standing too close to it. Dean, on the other hand, was sitting on it.
Takes place around season 13. TFW 2.0 is on a hunt and they meet up with Claire. Sam, Dean, and Castiel have to go take care of some business, so they leave Jack and Claire in the motel room together. (Jack and Claire have never met before.) This is going to be like 95% dialogue btw.
“Alright, Dumbass.”
“You know,” Claire bagan, as they were looking at their menus, “I’ve been thinking.”
“Sam. He calls Dean ‘Jerk, and Dean calls Sam ‘Bitch’.”
“The- I- Sam, tell him. I’m going outside.”
“Sam! Can you come in here real quick,” Castiel shouted into the hallway.
“You said ‘and I will stay for you’. What did you mean by that?”
“Relax. We are simply in the room down the hall. The one across from the vending machines.”
“I’ll try to.” Aaron hung up the phone and continued packing. When Jack was done with school, he helped Jack pack his things. When Jack asked where they were going, Aaron would only respond with “an adventure”.
“Fuck you, man.” Dean put the shoe on, bag and ice cube included. “Hey, what do you know, it’s not so- Shit! Shit! God! What the Hell? Screw you, dick.” Dean started hopping around their room on one foot, cursing at Sam, who was laying on his bed in hysterics. After about a minute and fifteen seconds later, the timer started beeping, and Dean ripped off his shoe and sock with disgust. He took the bag with the, now melted, ice cube out of his shoe, tied it, and put it in the trash can.
Castiel opened the paper, and three cards fell out. “I thought Gabriel said there were only two cards?”
“So, how’d you do it?”
“Yeah, well that’s where the problem is. Because it was you. I saw you break my brother’s mind. But of course you couldn’t do it in front of Bobby and me.” They exited the stairwell and started walking down the hall to Sam’s room. “You had to lock him in a freaking supply closet, while he was having flashbacks and hallucinations of the Pit.” Dean stopped walking and backed Castiel up against the wall.
“Yeah. He’s with my mom.”
They walked into the barn. Castiel and Gabriel gave them enough time to get to the altar before following.
The barn doors opened to reveal five round tables and a long buffet table at the far end of the barn that had wings, cheeseburgers, mac n cheese, and salad. And in the corner, three large barrels labeled “Beer”. Dean laughed when he saw the buffet table, because it was exactly what he thought Jack would do.
Sam rolled his eyes, chuckling before he turned to go back to wherever he was before. Or, more likely, to the library to look up angel wings.
“Fine.” A throne appeared, with Castiel sitting on it, unconscious. Jack rushed over to him and knelt down next to him. “Castiel?” Castiel’s eyes opened slowly, to see Jack. “Hello, Dad. Let’s go home, okay?” Jack stood up and held his hand out for Castiel to take.
“Yikes, that sounds rough.”
“Table for six, got it.”
Aaron smiled. “That sounds wonderful. Are you sure we wouldn’t be in the way?”
Castiel walked into the bedroom, through the odd, useless saloon doors. He already knew that Sam was asleep, and so was Jack, for about 2 hours, that is.
“Dean.”
“I want to bring Cas home.”
“I love it. It’s really fitting to be our song. Especially for it to be here. Eventually, the last line of the song played.
“That’s where I was going to tell you the last time we were there. I now know why you wouldn’t let me say it. And I realized you felt the same way when you couldn’t kill me back when we found the Angel Tablet.” Castiel let out a quiet laugh. Dean continued. “And if you ever try to pull that confess-and-die shit again, I’ll kill you. I love you so much, Cas.” He smiled.
“My handprint on your shoulder. That is a brand.”
“He did. What’s the third one?” Dean glanced over at Castiel.
“Good boy.” Castiel let go of Dean and walked outside. Dean took a moment to get his breathing (among other things) under control before he followed Castiel out the door.
“You know, the term ‘Antichrist’ isn’t actually in the original biblical lore. It was created in a version in the mid-1400s to fear monger people into being Christians.”
“Okay, but the bunker’s warded against angels. As long as you two aren’t outside it at the same time, they can’t get to you.”
“Okay, what do you need?”
“Okay. Why did you tell her I was your boyfriend? And what was up with that story about my mom dying?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“You- You know about that?” Dean’s voice was muffled because his head was resting on his arms being held up by his knees, staring a hole into the asphalt.
“What’s wrong with Dean?” Jack was standing in the doorway, looking like he didn’t know if he was allowed to be there.
Aaron sighed in relief. “Thank you. I was wondering if you had a place, somewhere off the grid, where Jack and I could stay. Not forever, just until George Foyet completely loses track of us.”
“I might take you up on that, thank you.” Hotch smiled to himself.
“As corny as being saved by True Love’s Kiss is, I have to admit, I feel pretty good. Great, in fact. How about you?”
“Why did you save me?”
“Lebanon, Kansas. It’s a small town in Smith County. When you get there, go to the diner and call us. We’ll meet you there.”
“I hate you.”
“Anyone else?”
“And what would that be?”
“So you... You handcuffed yourself to me, and it left a permanent red mark on my wrist?”
Sam straightened up and looked at Dean.
“I’m hungry.” He snapped his fingers, and they were all in their usual clothes, sitting in a diner. A waitress came and took their orders. “Okay, continue.”
“I would never leave you. I just wanted to adjust you so you are more comfortable. I’ll be gentle, I promise.” Castiel sat down, and carefully picked Dean up so he was laying in Castiel’s lap, Dean’s back supported by his arm. “Better?”
“Huh. Cool.”
Castiel pulled Dean’s tie out from his jacket. “Where did you get this?” It was Castiel’s original solid blue tie. He thought he lost it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cool. I’m getting a cheeseburger.”
“Right. Have  any of you heard of the Trickster?” Everyone shook their heads no. “Well, allow me to enlighten you. Tricksters are just pranksters with a messed up sense of humor. They kill assholes with a sense of humor. Well, they don’t always kill. They made one guy get abducted by aliens and they slow danced with him. He told me about it.” Dean shivered at the idea. So did a few other people in the kitchen. A couple others chuckled. ” Anyway, this was the second time we ran into this particular Trickster, who we later found out was the Archangel Gabriel.”
"I'll get to see her again?" Sam whispered, shocked.
Dean and Cas had been tiptoeing around each other in an awkward manner since they got to the hotel, making Sam think they knew they had feelings for each other, but not that they were reciprocated.
"Yes, returned. Now, I'm going to leave for a few hours, and when I get back you too better have talked things out. And, I do mean talk, at least, before any funny business." With that, he stood and left, slamming the door closed behind him.
Finally turning to the four he kept for last, Samandriel started with Henry.
Gabriel seemed confused by their reaction, unlike Chuck.
Looking at Samandriel, Dean felt a warmth in his heart that he had gone to see their family, to meet them for himself. Leaning over the table, but keeping a hold of Castiel’s hand, he reached for Samandriel’s. Samandriel reached back, glad for the contact.
A cough nearby pulled him out of his thoughts. He looked up into the face of God, and dropped to his knees in shock and awe.
He was wearing a completely different outfit to the one he wore the last time they’d seen him. Gone was his Wiener Hut uniform, and in its place, comfortable jeans and sneakers. He looked younger, somehow.
“Dad” he choked out through tears “I love you too”.
“if everyone could take a seat, this may take a while” Samandriel said, as he gestured to the large map table.
Gabriel was shocked, he didn’t think Dean would be so accept after their last meeting. Plus, he was still shook up after being returned from the dead. Shaking his head, he whispered “are you sure I can stay?”
Chuck looked to Castiel in shock “what are you thanking me for?”
Chuck looked at Dean with a mixture of love, pride, and acceptance. Samandriel was crying, he knew Castiel and Dean loved him but to hear it so deeply and clearly spoken, hurt his heart in a way that felt strange, but good.
Cas cleared his throat "I went into the kitchen, but someone was already making breakfast...it was your mom" he whispered quietly.
Sam went to rebuke his brother until he saw his face, he looked heartbroken, like he believed Cas would never love him back. Deciding to let his brother believe he was giving up, he nodded, whilst planning how to help out.
“Makes sense” Samandriel agreed, knowing Dean would not stop until he found everyone, and Sam and Castiel would be dragged along with him “but, I haven’t seen any for the Winchester or Campbell families yet and we’re almost at the end.”
Samandriel landed in the stark white hallway that only offered door after door. The doors were the main access point to personal Heavens, he could have flown in, but from the stories he has heard on the people he was visiting, it would be beneficial to use the door.
Fed up, Sam sighed before turning to his brother "tell him!" he urged.
Dean smiled brightly “yeah” he breathed “I can’t wait to see the little tyke again. Wait! Will he be in his Alfie vessel? Or will Chuck make him a new one?”
Cas was crying, along with Sam and Dean, because he got to experience living with a Dean and Sam who hadn't been to Hell, and who hadn't lost their whole family, and he got to say goodbye to his brother one last time.
When she died, that last part of her, along with her claim died too. You passed out because that piece of her was being burned from your soul.”
So, you see, I was unable to do anything to help you Dean, because the universe would have fought back. It was always supposed to happen like this, even before me. But, when your time on Earth is up, you will be welcome by all in Heaven. Every Angel in existence now knows this story and they now understand free will because of you, Dean Winchester, and I cannot thank you enough” Chuck bowed his head.
Sam and Gabriel were completely gob smacked at the news.
Samandriel pondered the question for a moment before shaking his head “I don’t
Now, 3 days later, they had settled down in a little town somewhere near Illinois, to give Cas some time to recuperate. Dean handed over the trench coat he had gotten cleaned, and a new suit, since Cas's old one was left at the hospital before everything went down with Dick.
Cas rolled his eyes “stop trying to cover up your feelings, you’re going to give yourself an ulcer, and then I’d need to heal you.”
"Enough flirting!" Sam exclaimed "keep going" he motioned to Cas.
Samandriel smiled brightly, as Dean herded them to the kitchen. Looking around, he couldn’t spot anyone else.
Permission granted, he went to find his parents to give them his cover story. He searched the kitchen and garage, before he found them in the war room. They were sitting side by side, looking at a laptop and talking quietly with their heads tilted close together.
Pulling back from the hug, Samandriel offered Mary a nod before moving on to John. From the numerous stories he had heard about John, he wasn’t the best man after his wife died. He was cold, and demanding, but he still loved his children, and Samandriel hoped that being in Heaven with Mary and some friends would have mellowed him out a little. Squaring his shoulders, and pulling himself to full height, Samandriel marched over to John, trying to appear as soldier like as possible, something he learned from Sam was the fact that John expected his boys to behave like soldiers. Stopping in front of John, he couldn’t help but notice a few things; firstly, everyone had moved away to the far side of the bar, offering them privacy. Privacy for what? Samandriel didn’t know. Secondly, John appeared sad. He didn’t know why.
Huffing, Dean pulled Cas in tighter and kissed his hair “look sweetheart, just because I was still emotionally stunted with my feelings for you, didn’t mean you weren’t my friend. And, I mourned him too. He was an amazing person, regardless of the bond, and I have missed him.”
“I never even believed in the possibility that angels could exist, never mind God” one guy muttered, looking confused.
Sam laughed too “guess I am” he whispered under his breath, tightening the hug for a moment.
After a few minutes of watching from the door, Samandriel coughed and stepped forward to gain the attention of the Souls. He tried to remain still as everyone turned to look at him, but he couldn’t help but to take in each person individually, to try and place them. From the pictures he had seen, and the descriptions his family gave him, he could place quite a few people. Ash, who’s original Heaven was this bar, was sitting at a computer drinking from a large glass of beer. Next to him was Charlie Bradbury, or Celeste Middleton as she had been originally called. Further over in the corner sat a group of people that he knew would be the hardest to impress; John and Mary Winchester, Bobby Singer, Rufus Turner, Henry Winchester, and a small lady, who looked like she didn’t fit in the hunter world. Over at the bar sat Ellen and Jo Harvelle, the original owners of this bar on earth, and a tall, muscular man who he would guess is Bill Harvelle. Next to Jo sat a sandy haired man, he appeared about the same age as Jo. He had bluish grey eyes, and a sharp jaw line that reminded him of his uncle Sam. With a sense of joy, he realised this person was Adam Milligan, the half brother his Dad and Uncle believed was still in the Cage. He can’t wait to go home and tell them he is back in Heaven, and he will try and tell Adam about the worry and pain it causes them to think he is still there.
Dean grinned “Sure thing. We’ll have them educated on pie and burgers in no time!”
Samandriel smiled, bright and excited “so many stories of your time larping together, and of the movies and TV shows you introduced to them. Father has told me a little bit about your death, but Dad and Uncle Sam prefer to talk about the happier memories.”
Rocking Cas gently, he watched Sam rise and walk to his room, assuming he was giving them some privacy, but he came back a few moments later with his old Stanford hoody.
Dean felt bad for the littlest Archangel, he’d spent his whole existence being put on the backburner, and they hadn’t treated him very well during the apocalypse. The poor guy was probably waiting for Dean to kick him out “yes Gabe, we 100% are sure you can stay. You’re Cas’s brother and our friend, plus you helped us out back in the day, and we never got a chance to thank you. So, where would you like your room to be?”
Cas rolled his shoulders "hurt, at first, but after your father spoke to him, he seemed better. He understood why your father wasn't around, and why you both tried to protect him. He wishes to get to know you better when you go to heaven. Your mother took to him, and treats him like he's her own, and Kate is looking forward to getting to know you both as well."
Hand in hand, they walked forward, ready for a new future. A future full of light, and hope. With their patchwork family beside them.
“Well Dean-O” Gabriel spoke up from Sam’s side “you prayed with your soul so deeply, it shook all of Heaven. Shook it enough for me to save Sammy, and for Dad to come back!” he explained cheerfully.
"Right?" Cas replied, staring at his pants like they were the most amazing thing he'd ever received.
It was Jody’s turn to roll her eyes “yes Dean, Cas picked her up when you left. She’s 18 now, you’re going to have to quit the papa bear act sooner or later.”
Dean cleared his throat “gentleman, if I may?” He waited for them to quite down, before tilting his head to he side. To an outside perspective it looked like he was trying to listen to whatever was happening in the kitchen, but sam and Jody knew what he was doing. He was using his ‘profound bond’ with Cas, checking to see if he was busy or not. Getting his answer, he winked at the crowd, which had grown in the last minute or two, before he started to speak “hey Cas, if you're quite finished with Orange is the New Black, could you pop over to my location for a few minutes. Wanna surprise a few people” almost instantly, there was the sound of wings beating, and a coat flapping in the breeze, before a figure materialised at Dean’s left side.
Bobby stepped forward, finally realising who this was “Alfie? I thought you were dead boy! What the hell did you do, huh? The boys went out their mind with grief when you died. Was it all some sort of trick?” Bobby raged, wondering if he would ever be able to let go of the soft feelings he had for the Angel before him.
John was crying too, but he was smiling “I’ll hope for that future then. I know you’ve heard it from just about everyone here, but thank you so much for coming here, and for sharing your story. You don’t know how much this means to me.”
"Ok, ok!" Cas laughed "as I was saying, I woke up next to Dean, back here, so I didn't realise at first. I was obviously confused, but I brushed it off and decided to make a start on coffee." He trailed off, looking sheepishly between the brothers.
“I am so proud of you, for having the courage to go and face all those people on your own, with nothing but our words about them to back you. Thank you for finding out about Adam, you don’t know what that means to me, to know that he’s at peace with his mom, and with our parents. Thank you for bringing back messages from our family, it’s great to hear that they are hanging out together in Heaven.” Blinking back tears, Deans voice cracked as he continued “thank you for finding mom and dad, I had hoped they had met up in Heaven and worked everything out.”
“You’re kidding.” Dean says, putting his hands on Cas shoulders. “Please tell me you did not just take a picture of us kissing.” Dean says, sliding a hand down his face.
“‘S okay...”
“Now we go back, get wasted, and put it up,” Dean said, grinning across to Cas. Now it was Cas’ turn to roll his eyes.
Regardless, Cas kissed him back, deepening the kiss. Dean traveled down his neck, sucking and biting what was soon to be a dark hickey. Cas might have moaned a little, which set Dean off. He was now on top of Cas, grinding down into Cas lap. The tightness from earlier that night returned to Cas pants, the feeling of Dean on top of him sending him into a drunken haze of euphoria.
“Sam said that when they were in the jail cell the day he was born, Jack asked him where his father was. Sam started telling Jack that he wouldn’t want to know Lucifer, but Jack interrupted him and said that he was talking about me. And not to give myself too much credit, but I like to think that I’m preferable to the Devil.”
“This is for a hotel in Nashville, Tennessee. The best hotel in the country. It’s between here and Lebanon. It’s reserved for a week, and all of the room service and alcohol will be on me. On Jack. He is apparently very rich. Or he can be if he wants to. Anyway, here. It’s a thirteen-and-a-half-hour drive, but the Impala’s outside, and as soon as you turn on the highway, you will be twenty minutes away. At least, I think Jack did that. Jack!” Jack appeared. “Did you do the magic thing so that when the Impala turns onto the highway, they will instantly be twenty minutes away from the hotel?”
“Ask me the question. I know you have one on your mind. Go ahead, ask it.”
“Dude. No. We’re not eight anymore.”
“Okay, so the reception will be here as well, but I need everyone to go out so I can change it without risking anyone being hit with anything.” Jack started to usher everyone out.
“Ninety seconds. I’ll start the timer when you put it on.” Sam got his phone out and opened the timer, putting in 90 seconds. “Okay, I’m ready.”
“Then what’s the problem?”
“Why not?”
“Can- Can you bring Cas back? Please?” Dean had been pretty constantly crying since Castiel died, so of course that was the first thing he thought of when Jack became God.
LATER
“Oh, okay. Well, I’m bringing Cas home because I want to , and you’re going to let me because it benefits you, got it?”
“When I was dying, Castiel saved me by making a deal that it would take him when he was finally happy.”
“I don’t quite know what that feels like, and I probably couldn’t imagine, but I’m sorry, if that helps at all.”
Sam and Gabriel looked up from their conversation when Dean and Castiel walked up to them. Sam walked over to Dean first.
“You’re welcome, Cas. Winchester.”
Castiel stepped into the Library a moment before Dean did. When they saw each other, they rushed over to eachother and kissed. Then they stepped back to admire eachother’s ties.
“Better?”
“Because... I love Cas. I’m in love with Cas. And he’s dead. For good this time.” Dean was getting angry. “We saw him die. I carried in his corpse. I put him on the table. I wrapped him up to be burned. And we burned his body.” Dean was almost sobbing by this point. “He’s dead, and he isn’t coming back. Not this time.” Dean sat down against the door, his head in his hands. “He’s gone,” he sobbed. “For good.” He was starting to hyperventilate. “Gone. He’s gone. Cas- Cas is- Gone. He’s dead. He- I didn’t- Get to say...” Dean’s eyes were glazed over as he started breathing harder and harder.
“This isn’t you.” Castiel froze. Naomi had him Kill Dean over a hundred times. Why did this one feel different? Maybe it was because  this one was the real Dean. Or maybe it was because in all the times Naomi had Castiel hill him, she had thought Dean would beg for his own life. But she was wrong. He was begging for Castiel’s.
It was supposed to be an easy hunt. An open and shut vamp case. Two fangs, maybe three at most.
“Know that I will always love you, no matter what.”
“Dean! Oh, thank God. Well, not Chuck. Fuck him. Are you okay?” The relief in Sam’s voice was very worrying.
“You mean killing me?” Death looked up from his book. “All’s forgiven. I don’t tend to keep grudges against the ones who save the universe.” Death went back to his book. Dean could tell he was being dismissed. As he was walking away, he heard “Your home is beautiful, by the way.”
And the song ended. After a while, ACDC was blasting through the barn, and Dean was stuffing his face with pie, and talking with his friends and the love of his life. He couldn’t be happier.
“Ready?”
“Well, Castiel has been possessing my dad for the past decade or so, but my mom died, I think two years ago now. Her name was Amelia. She had left me pretty soon after Castiel took my dad away, and I found out that she had been a Grigiri’s- Do you know what they are?” A quick nod from Jack confirmed he did. “She was a Grigori’s prisoner for a few years. When we found her, the Grigori tried to kill me, but she sacrificed herself for me. They killed the Grigori. Castiel told me that my mom is happy up in Heaven with my dad.” Claire was crying by the time she finished.
“What do you need?”
“YES, you WILL. Everyone does. At least everyone I’ve told. Which isn’t very many people. And besides. You’re an angel. I can’t tell you.”
“I like both.”
“Right.” Castiel leaned forward, searching Dean’s eyes for something.
Correction: Cas was gone because he confessed his love for Dean. Ergo, Dean was the reason Cas was dead.
“Oh. Is your father in Heaven?”
A quiet “oh shit” was heard from the back of the room.
“No, not at all. As a matter of fact, with your skills, I’d love to ask you about how it might relate to monsters.”
“Of course, Dean. Should I pull up a chair?” Castiel started to get up when Dean pulled him back down.
“Yes, of course! I was actually quite fond of it, and was disappointed when it went extinct.”
When they arrived on the other side, thay saw Sam and Gabriel standing outside a barn. Since Sam told him it would be a barn, Dean had been trying to think of what barn it could possibly be. But now, he could see. It was the barn where they met. The place where it all started. It was fitting. Dean looked to Castiel to see that he had been looking at him, smiling at his reaction.
“Dean.” Castiel laid the angel tablet on the table, and put his hands on Dean’s shoulders.
“Hey, do you want to have the same last name?”
“Cas, what do you think of the song,” Dean whispered.
“Well, it was for me. Until you left me in the ring of holy fire, with the sprinklers on. Anyway, you two are meant for each other. Really. I mean, Cassie, your inability to act like a human and Dean’s ability to make himself seem like the most human ever, a match made in Heaven. Actually, no. Not Heaven. A match made despite Heaven. That’s more accurate. You know, I was one of the few people who knew the entire Apocalypse plan and all of the contingencies for if something went wrong. That’s why I bounced. And let me tell you that there was not one for ‘What To Do When An Angel Falls In Love With the Michael Sword’. It was very funny to see the angels running around with no idea what to do when you three stopped the Apocalypse! And then a bunch of other stuff happened and now your son is God? I mean, you really are the gay power couple of the millennia. Not Ellen and Portia, you two. No one else may know that, but we do. And that’s what’s important. You two are very lucky to have each other. I’m very glad my little brother is finally not a virgin anymore.”
“So that a part of me will always be with you, even when I am not.”
Aaron chuckled. “No, nothing bad. I have an opportunity to go somewhere that’s been called ‘the safest place on Earth’. I just want you to check that for me.”
Cas said he did everything for love.
“Um, it- It’s a credit card in my name.” Castiel stared at the card. “Castiel Singer.”
“Yes! Gabriel said you guys would like a week at a nice hotel, so I Google’d the best hotels in America, since I assumed you’d want to stay in the country, and booked you the ‘Deluxe Parlor’, the best room in the joint. The address is written on the paper.There’s actually a second card in there, too. Jack hooked you up with a debit card in your name. Well, your first name. He wasn’t sure what you were going to do about your last name, but he can add that on whenever you make the decision. There’s one for you too, Cassie. Oh! And Sam already packed you guys clothes in the trunk. The matching luggage set is from him.”
“It’s Meg, Clarence.”
“The night before Sammy went off to Stanford. I didn’t know he would be leaving, I was saving up to get him a computer. I would’ve had enough within two to three days.”
Sam looked it up on his phone and handed it to Dean. “Yes, they even have their own flag.”
“Hey, Jack. I see your wheels turning. Trust me, this is not on you. Dean has an unhealthy amount of issues that he refuses to do anything about. Come on, let’s go get burgers. You like burgers, right?” Sam put his arm around Jack’s shoulders to lead his almost-but-not-quite-yet son to the garage.
“Okay, gimme a sec.” Dean thought for a moment. “Oh! You remember the night you broke Lucifer out of the Pit? The first time?”
“That makes sense, but there are multiple variables he had no control over. How would he be sure enough to do it?”
Looking up from texting Cas, he stopped cold in his tracks. There was a somewhat large group of people in the Library and War Room doing various things. Bobby and Rufus were going through different lore books, with Sam excitedly telling them stories about how he and Dean had killed monsters in the books. Ellen, Jo and Ash were chatting with Garth. Crowley and Death were having a heated argument, with Benny and Meg eavesdropping on them, looking fascinated. Charlie, Claire, Kaia, Alex, and Patience were looking at something on Charlie’s phone.  Jack was moving from group to group, giving greetings, until he noticed Dean. Everyone else was caught up with whatever they were doing, so Jack made his way over to Dean.
I couldn’t figure out a good way to end this, but that’s why they’re just oneshots, also I am writing this because I love writing, not to be read. I also wanted this one to end up being more of a brotherly moment. (The only part of these I plan out before I start writing this is when in the series it takes place.)
“What about your dad?”
“You better not.” Dean’s voice was muffled by Castiel’s trench coat.
“Dean, I PROMISE you. You can tell me anything. And I’m a sorry excuse for an angel. I can, however, grant you a Holy Pardon in the eyes of the Lord.”
“What?” Balthazar put his fork down.
Right then, Sam opened the door and walked into the room and hunched over the table.
Castiel noticed Dean looking at him oddly. “Dean? Are you okay? What do the glasses do?”
“Wait- Dean, shouldn’t we talk about what almost just happened?”
“I- I don’t know. I was thinking about how I let you down, and all of the sudden I started crying. Is it a human thing?” Castiel looked at Dean pleadingly.
“I’ll get to those last, they’re harder to explain. The- let’s just call it the third time, because that’s what it feels like to me- The third time was when I killed Dick Roman, the king of the Leviathans, and went to Purgatory for a year. For those of you who don’t know,”he added after seeing a few looks of confusion, “Purgatory is where monsters go when they die. They fight and kill each other forever. It was by no means fun, but it was pure. A vampire named Benny showed me how to get out. HE also saved my life about fifty times.”
Dean & Castiel's first dance is to "The Night We Met" by Lord Huron. It was actually the inspiration for having the wedding at that barn.
“Hey, Sammy.” Dean didn’t turn around. In fact, if Sam didn’t know his voice, he may not have known it was Dean that said it.
“What- Brand? What do you mean ‘brand’?” Dean sat on the corner of the bed, facing Castiel.
“Woah, Dean!” Sam pulled Dean out of the Impala and wrapped him up in a big hug. They stayed like that until Dean started calming down. Still sniffling, but not crying so much.
“Awesome. Sam and I already talked to Bobby, and he loved the idea. Dean and Castiel Singer. Hey, check the address on the paper. I want to make sure I know where we’re going.”
“When Sam first approached me about having the wedding here, I was a little apprehensive at first, but when he  explained why he wanted to, I agreed. And I’m glad I did, this is beautiful. And my answers for when I fell in love with you and when I realized you loved me back are very different than yours. I first fell in love with you when I saved you from Hell. I realized I was in love when we went and got the Impala when we were going to kill Dick Roman.” Dean laughed at that.
“That was kinda the point. You were never supposed to find out. Why are you up anyway?”
“Yeah. We’re ready. Dean took Castiel’s hand, and faced Jack. Jack snapped his fingers, but a rift didn’t appear between them. Castiel gasped. Dean looked toward him, to see a Doctor Strange-esque portal in the doorway between the Library and the War Room.
“No. We hunt things that kill people. Sometimes that thing is also a person.”
“It’s better than ‘Jerk’.”
Dean couldn’t believe it. Cas was gone. Cas confessed his love for him, and was gone.
“Well who- What was he before?”
“He’s, hm, he’s busy.”
“Well, it was a damn good one. And I like to think I played that part pretty well.”
“Yes you will.”
When it was over, Dean was mad enough to beat someone up. He got up from the chair, pushing it so hard that it fell back.
“What?” The guy standing in front of him stared at him as though he could read how Dean died on his face.
They drove in silence for a few minutes before Dean spoke again.
“What?”
Not a minute later, Sam came running into the garage. “What’s wrong?” Upon noticing Dean, “What’s up with Dean?”
“I had no idea.”
“This.” Castiel put his hand on the side of Dean’s face, so Dean could hear what it ‘actually sounded like’.
“You’re kidding. As in the one who told Mary she was pregnant?”
“Oh- Wait, you could tell by that alone?”
Castiel, do you take Dean to be your husband, to love him, to comfort him, to honor and keep him, in sickness and in health and to be faithful to him for as long as you both shall live?”
“Because she is a very close family friend. And she’s one of the good guys. Trust me, she’s cool. Jack actually asked me about it before he did. The anti-demon part was my idea.”
A quiet “In the fucking where now” from Rufus and a “shut up, Rufus” from Bobby.
“Yes. I know almost everything there is to know. Why, what do you need?”
Castiel was back on Earth. He had touched the angel tablet. It must have broken the connection he had to Naomi. But at the moment, something else was on his mind. Something he could only ask right then.
“Ok, I really must leave now. Dad is praying to me.” Waving to everyone, he turned to leave by the door before realising he could fly out now he was no longer trying to startle them.
Samandriel smiled, and clapped John on the shoulder “thank you, for hearing me out. I was unsure how well I would be received by this group, but you have welcomed me with open arms, and I can’t express my thanks enough. I must leave now, but I will be back.”
“oh god” Ellen said, suddenly remembering what they were talking about “you were really bad with that, Bill. I thought I was going to have to take you to the hospital to be put on a drip, you were so dehydrated. Luckily you got better, and a sly anonymous tip got that place shut down for good.”
Dean had been getting angrier and angrier, but he caught the set of Sam’s shoulders, and he simmered a bit.
“Father?” Castiel said, worriedly “is something wrong?”
“Adam” he called gently, waiting for the man to look at him “after Sam got out of the Cage, they hunted for a way to get you out. They begged a pleaded with Chuck and anyone else who they could think of. They captured Death and demanded that he return you to Heaven, but he refused. Just before the Darkness died, Sam was in Hell trying to contact Lucifer and Michael to find out how they locked her away the first time. Lucifer told them that Michael was out of commission, mentally, and that your soul had burned out hundreds of Hell years ago. They mourned you every time they failed to find a solution, and they mourned you when Lucifer told Sam that information. Castiel had tried to look for you in Heaven originally, but couldn’t find you. Now I think Michael may have warded your soul. How did you get here, did Michael release you when they fell into the Cage?”
Dean huffed "sometimes, I forget you're a sarcastic bastard."
With a jolt, Samandriel realised he knew someone with the same surname as all doors they were passing “William, are these all the doors to people the Winchesters know?”
“You’re not being called back to Heaven for a long mission or something, are you?” Dean asked, worry thick in his voice.
Bobby smiled, and pulled the lady in for a side hug “this is my wife, Karen.”
“I believe those would have been Michael’s screams, as Adam was the vessel he was wearing when he entered the Cage, his Grace would have taken on those traits.”
“What’s up Alfie, you seem nervous son?”
Apparently, everyone was down trying to process the information, as they all jumped up and started yelling “no way” and “fuck you Winchester, ain't no way you met Angels, they don't exist, and God? Yeah, I call bullshit”.
Dean beckoned Cas over with his head, and the little family basked in the reunion.
“Oh Chuck, I’d forgotten about that” pausing for a moment, he waited to see if anyone else would speak up. When no one apparently wanted to continue, he looked back at Jody and asked what had been on his mind for the last few minutes “you tell them anything else, anything important, or should I do that before I pull out the big guns” Sam had wandered passed at this moment, but stopped to listen to his brother, noticing the gleam in his eye that meant he was going to get serious.
Hearing his and Sam’s name from across the room, he tried to hear what was being said, but it was muffled by the other conversations happening throughout the house. He sighed in resignation, as long as he and Sam were here, he was going to have to accept that they would be spoke about. They did stop, and start, the apocalypse. Most of these guys found demons out of their league, so of course they would be big news.
John nodded, pulling him in for a hug “you’re welcome any time Samandriel. Hey, I guess we have two Sammy’s now” he laughed, pulling back.
“Samandriel, come here a second” Cas said.
“I’d be honoured to be allowed to visit again, Mrs Winchester. I love my Dad and Uncle Sam very much, and would enjoy spending time with their family.”
Samandriel beamed at his father “thank you Father, you seem busy with Dad and I don’t mind going alone. I enjoy helping other Angels learn about the humans, they are started to appreciate a lot of the smaller parts of humanity. After this, we are going to teach them about food! Dad, your input would be really helpful” he bounced at the thought of Dean helping him with the Angels.
Chuck just smiled though “Jessica Moore resides in a heaven full of her happiest memories. You are part of that Heaven, even though you were more friends than lovers towards the end, Jessica still treasures the time you spent together."
Everyone smiled sweetly, hearing about how little Dean adored the car and his brother, even way back then.
Charlie nodded “that’s good, I don’t think I would be able to process him if he looked like anyone else. Mind you, it does get weird when Jimmy comes to visit, they look exactly alike but act completely different.”
Samandriel bowed his head gently, before pulling Mary in for a hug “I will pass on everything Mary” lowering his voice, he whispered in her ear “I am planning on working something out with Chuck that will allow me to temporarily bring Dad and Uncle Sam up for a small visit. I don’t know how long it will take to get the ok, but once I explain my reasoning I am sure he will allow it. Just, don’t mention it to anyone else in case it takes a while to work out. I just thought you should know ahead of time.”
A look of horror washed over Dean, hearing that his son and husband would be in Heaven surrounded by angels without him there to back them up. “Nuh uh, no way are you guys going to Heaven without me. Who knows what the douche bags will do to you guys!”
Looking around the table, he couldn’t help but flinch at the look on the Winchesters faces, mainly John. He could tell they didn’t trust him one bit, and he would have to fight to get their approval and inclusion. Before he could begin, Jo interrupted him “do you want anything before you start? A drink, or something."
Samandriel nodded “I will, and thank you for being the sister, they never knew they needed.”
Sighing, dean scrubbed a hand over his face before looking around the room.
Sam and Dean were both shocked "mom" Sam whispered, almost reverently.
Charlie, who had previously been slouched back in her chair absorbing the information she was hearing, leaned forward “what kind of stories have those boys been telling about me?” she asked, amusement colouring her tone.
“Samandriel, what are you doing here? Father told us you are based permanently on earth with you Grace bonded family.” He said, not pulling away from the hug.
Castiel arrived first, Samandriel assumed Dean had prayed to him as soon as he had seen Samandriel. Sam and Gabriel arrived after a few minutes, talking quietly between themselves.
Samandriel panicked, not wanting to upset Bobby – a man he never had the chance to meet on Earth, but who he had come to love in his own way, from the stories he had heard. “No! I promise Bobby, I did die but Chuck brought me back about a year ago after everything that went down with his sister caused him to come back to Earth and Heaven.”
Outside the house, two men could be found leading against an old black car, affectionately named Baby, staring at the star’s. From the outside, they looked like nothing special. But, to a select few, they knew the truth. And Angel, and a human. Soulmates. A bond forged by Hellfire and war. Something, even God himself didn’t see coming. Life was good for the Winchesters, and God, with his sister, would make sure it remains that way.
“I am here because I have heard many stories about almost everyone here, but I’ve never met any of you. My family love you, and I wanted to see the people behind the stories.”
“I will, see you soon” and with a wave, and a call to his wings, he was gone.
“Mom” Sam choked out.
With one last hug, they parted ways. Samandriel continued down the corridor until he reached the end, and as William stated, there were two doors. He took a deep breath, and squared his shoulders before he opened the door praying to Chuck that everything goes well.
Chuck smiled brightly “No, thank you Castiel. I am glad you survived all the bad that has happened to you over the short course of time since Hell. It does me well to see not one, but four of my children striving against evil, and uniting in Love. Now, it’s time I went home, but before I do, I have a few things to say” he turned to Sam, who froze unsure as to how God might treat him.
"Oh my God, those look great. And, I bet they'd look even better on Dean's floor."
Chuck smiled gently, and shook his head “no son, nothing’s wrong. I just thought I’d pop in quickly to leave you a gift.”
Bobby grinned “good, that idjit was also too obvious about his intentions with Dean. How about Sam? Is he doing well now Cas and Dean are together?”
Dean looked up from Baby’s engine “hi Alfie, he went to the store with Gabe to buy some supplies, they should be back soon. Anything I can help with in the meantime, son?”
Cas looked torn, but nodded anyway "it was Jessica, Sam. You and her were married, had been since you graduated from Stanford. She was a nurse, you became a lawyer, Dean was a mechanic at Bobby's and I worked at home with Mary. Me and Dean had been married for 7 years, after knowing each other since high school. No one had died, except your grandparents, there were pictures of me with Gabriel, Balthazar and Samandriel, and two people who I assumed where my parents. After I called Gabriel, he owned a bakery, I realised where I was and knew that I had to wake up. I stabbed myself with a knife from the kitchen drawer after saying good bye to everyone."
"I don't even know how he got me" Cas complained "one minute I was walking back to the motel, and the next I was waking up in the bunker next to Dean."
Dean nodded in agreement with Cas, and went about serving the food.
Samandriel had a bright smile on his face, his friend was going to visit him on earth “I will let them know. I can’t wait for you to visit me on Earth, I can show you all the things I have collected in my time there!”
Dean, who had been tearing up during Gabriel’s little speech, brought his arms up to return the hug. “I’m glad I met you too, Gabriel” dean whispered “and I’m glad you have us.” Dean paused, unsure of himself for a minute, but after everything, he decided to have a little faith for once. So, he tightened his hold on Gabriel, before continuing “you’ll always have a home here, with us, Gabriel.”
Dean had perked up at the mention of Balthazar being devious, but his brow showed his worry over Samandriel going to Heaven alone. “Ok Alfie, do you need Cas to go with you?”
Dean nodded, dazed, while Sam grinned "those pants look dope, Cas!"
"Come on Cas, it can't be that bad" Dean jokingly said, trying to sooth Cas.
Chuck pulled back, and coughed to get everyone’s attention. Dean walked over, with Samandriel tucked under his arm, reminding him of a time Samandriel liked to be tucked under his wings.
“Any assistance will be great Dad. I must go now, but I will be home in time for dinner.”
Samandriel enjoyed being alive again, he enjoyed reuniting with Castiel and Dean. He also secretly enjoyed his parents being overprotective of him. Castiel was worried he wasn’t enjoying life with their semi-human family. Dean, well he was worried Samandriel wasn’t getting enough from the human life, but he was also worried about him getting hurt. It was confusing at times, but he’d never felt better. He still felt a thrill of joy and excitement every time he, or someone else, referred to Castiel and Dean as his Father and Dad.
Dean let out a breath, turning to leave the room, he paused “thank you, for telling me that” he whispered before continuing out.
Dean swung round to glare at Chuck “excuse me?!” he asked, offended.
Castiel smiled, and laid his hand over Deans on the table “not much, Sam and Samandriel spoke for a short time before he decided to go for a walk. Gabriel has gone with him, to offer a friend to lean on if he needs.”
“Just look after my boys, and yours” he whispered, hugging back.
Cas spluttered, whilst Dean gaped "returned?" He asked, almost hopefully.
Charlie snorted from her place further away from John “your boy is weirdly attached to that car, and Chuck help anyone who tries to hurt it”.
There was sounds of agreement and laughter from around the table. Most people knowing what the car meant to Dean and Sam.
“Uncle Sam said that too, but Dad still calls him ‘Sammy’ so it would be confusing for me to be called that too. Father calls me my name, or whatever nickname he has picked up at the time – little one, bee, and so on. Dad calls me Alfie, because my vessel was named that, and he said my name was too long. And, Uncle Gabe calls me ‘Andy’ because it is a possible nickname for Samandriel according to him.”
Bobby relaxed slightly and moved forward to hug the little guy “so, what are you doing here? I thought you’d be down on Earth with the boys.”
It wasn’t until Cain and Abel’s bloodlines started forming that the universe settled. I managed to trace it to the union of Mary and John; if they joined as one, the universe would find peace and the final plan would begin.
Just as Sam reached for a plate, Dean slapped his hands away “go get the munchkin and we can eat together when Alfie gets here”.
Samandriel was enjoying his time here, but he knew he had to leave if he wanted to make it home for dinner. Smiling sadly, he stood up, gaining everyone’s attention “I have to leave now, or Dad will send Father up to get me and I want this to be a surprise for them.”
Sam rolled his eyes as he stepped forward “keep the domestic for the Bunker guys. Cas, there were a few people doubting your existence in the world. And, they didn't quite believe Dean’s story, he figured you could clear that up” he smirked.
Gabriel, he had decided that Samandriel needed to be educated in all things sweet. Samandriel didn’t have the heart to tell him he didn’t like sweet things, only salty. But, he loved his Uncle Gabe, so he forced his grace to the forefront of his body to suppress the tastes when he was given something sweet.
William laughed with joy, quickly wrapping his wings around the younger Angel.
William nodded “yes, Father felt it would make life easier on everyone if the Winchester brothers closest friends, family members and allies were in close proximity to theirs, to avoid them running through the halls of Heaven in search of everyone.”
Samandriel was happy his family was receptive to his visit “I’m hoping Chuck will allow you and Sam temporary access to Heaven in order to see everyone again, one time. I am positive he will say yes, but I still need to ask and wait for his permission.”
“Ah Jody, just what have you been telling these guys?” He nudged her over, sitting himself on the armrest next to her.
“such a nerd” Dean said under his breath, before raising his voice “well, I’m tired. So, I think it’s time to pack up and head back home. Jody, is Claire heading to the bunker this week?”
them all so much."
Sam looked at her “what have you heard?” they’d both done a lot of bad shit, so he was prepared for the worst.
Bobby grinned “that’s all I needed for them. Thanks for coming up, next time bring Cas with you. I wasn’t too kind to him the last time I saw him alive.”
"I don't know" Cas choked "I just
Cas was first to find his words “Samandriel” he choked out “son, come here” he whispered, tears gathering in his eyes. He pulled the nervous angel towards him, and enveloped him in a warm hug.
“I will” Samandriel promised, “the only reason I didn’t bring him this time, is because I wanted to meet you alone first, so I could surprise them.”
“Father?” Cas spoke up, looking pained “is that the only reason Dean and I fell in love? Because the universe deemed our pairing before we were made?”
“As much as I’d love to watch this all day, Dean deserves an explanation as to what happened to him.”
Sam stood off to the side, smiling proudly at his big brother. Sam wasn’t stupid, he knew the only reason dean was able to speak freely was because the hold the Darkness had over him was gone. But, he wasn’t going to look a gift-horse in the mouth. At least Dean was starting to see that he was worth a damn.
“Oh Dean, we are a bunch of dumbasses” Cas laughed lightly. He pulled back slightly from Dean, and placed a gentle kiss on his lips “now that Samandriel is coming back, we can do it properly this time."
Sam looked sheepish “he may have stopped time for a while so I could ask questions” when Dean sighed and rolled his eyes, he tried to defend himself “how many opportunities would I get to talk to God, Dean. The dude created almost everything, sue me for asking questions” he pouted.
Cas smiled at Dean, be for addressing the crowd “I can understand your scepticism, so few angels walked the earth before I was tasked with raising Dean from perdition, and even after that, most tried not to draw attention to themselves. Most angels, whilst they understand some social aspect of this world, find it hard to fit in. We mostly have no grasp on social interaction, human body language, or the tones in which you speak. We choose to remain as indifferent as possible to humans. I, as you can tell” holding up his left hand to reveal, a ring the same as Dean’s “am different to most angels. I am seen as cursed by my brethren, because I can connect with humans on a higher level; because I was gifted with the capacity for love, that only a few others angels have. I once felt it was a curse, but now I understand it is a gift” finishing up, he turned to Dean “now I really must get back, it’s the season finale.” And with that, he kissed Dean, slightly more passionate than Sam would have liked, and flew off.
“What is it Dean?” he sighed, like a parent speaking to an errant child.
Dean nodded “sure, anything to find out if God himself is a good cook, or not.”
Dean heard the door, and figured it was probably Samandriel. He left the kitchen to greet him in the war room. Once he arrived, he found Samandriel looking nervous, and sent a quick prayer to Cas to meet them in the war room, in case the problem was Heaven related.
Nodding, Sam stood up looking a little lost “I’m going to go for a walk, clear my head a bit.” He looked in Dean’s direction, then shot Cas a look as if to say ‘make sure he’s ok’. Cas nodded, and watched Sam leave.
“Are you saying, that the meaning of life is-“ dean trailed off, pointing between himself and Cas.
William nodded “I have heard a fair deal on that particular Heaven, but Father has advised that we leave them be, or we’ll just have a bunch of souls hunting Him down to demand that we leave them alone. I believe the thought of more Winchesters looking for him gives him headaches. But, we have learned a great deal from them already. We now understand that souls cannot survive well alone in Heaven, they need companionship and to touch other souls to stop them dimming. It was rather distressing to find out we have been mistreating the souls, without our knowledge, for all of existence. We are working hard to rectify that now.” He touched Samandriel’s elbow and turned him towards another corridor. As they started heading down, Samandriel read the signs on the doors he passed;
Sam and Dean where frozen, trying to process all the information Cas had unloaded on them.
Sam and Dean laughed "how was Adam?" Dean asked, quietly.
Dean whipped his head around to face the man. “Chuck…” he trailed off at the ethereal look in Chuck’s eyes “you son of a bitch!” he growled, attempting to punch Chuck, but Cas held him back.
Samandriel smiled lightly, and shook his head “nothing wrong Dad, I just have some things to tell you about my trip to Heaven. I need Father and Sam to hear it too, Gabe should know too.”
Dean laughed, and slapped his brother on the back “congratulations, you’re an uncle!”
Samandriel was confused, the last thing he remembered was that horrid demon standing over him with an angel blade, then blackness. He briefly remembered praying for Castiel and Dean to help him, but nothing else.
The hug was messy, and beautiful to watch from where Sam was standing. Seeing Gabriel perk up at the voices carrying from the corridor was a sight Sam will remember forever. He sent a quick ‘
Castiel smiled, keeping his eyes on his husband and son “maybe, but what’s the fun of existing if you know everything already?” he winked, before quietly adding “thanks Dad.”
Walking over, he sent a wary glance in Jody’s direction “what's up fella’s?” He asked, outwardly remaining calm and relaxed. Everyone shifted in their seats, not quite meeting his eyes. Lifting his eyebrow, he laughed “c’mon, it can't be that bad, can it?” One of the guys, sighed before looking dean square in the eyes.
Gabriel laughed “yeah, I love them” he shot a thankful look to Dean and Cas, as Sam lead him out.
Not a moment passed before a slightly annoyed Chuck appeared before them. He was dressed in his usual attire, jeans and a zip up hoody, with Converse on his feet.
Sam nodded “sounds good, I’ll just grab some food for Gabe and myself, then I’ll be out of your hair.”
He’d been living in the bunker for over a year, when an idea came to him. He’d spent many hours listening to Dean, Castiel, Sam and Gabriel share stories about their family – “they’re your family too, kiddo” Dean had said – and now he wanted to meet them. He spoke to Chuck through his Grace, asking for access to the Soul Area, telling him what he wanted to do. Chuck had agreed, on the basis that he did not tell Gabriel of his plans, as he was still in a timeout from there after he annoyed a few Renaissance painters the first time he went back to Heaven.
“No” Dean whispered quietly “I love you Cas, and whether a kid was yours through bonds or blood, I’d still accept them as mine. I wish you would have told me sooner, I would have been there for you more after Crowley killed him.”
Sam was outright gaping at Cas now.
"We know Cas" Dean gently kissed his temple "I love you too. Forever."
Now that Sam had Gabe under his wing – so to speak – Dean turned to Cas and looked him over. He looked tired, and run down. Sighing, Dean reached over to pull Cas in for a hug “come on man, lets get Alfie’s room set up. Once we’ve done that, we’ll have some food and rest until he gets here”.
Karen waved “it’s nice to meet you.”
“It sounds like a pretty decent offer, Cas” Dean said, emerging from the corner where he hid when Chuck showed up.
Everyone, including Sam, Dean and Jody, gaped at her “how the Hell do you know that much about us?” Dean demeaned, before swinging round to look at his brother “we never talk to other hunters, how do people know this much?” Sam shrugged, just as shocked as Dean.
Dean nodded firmly “you’re welcome anytime Chuck” and walked over to give the God another hug.
“I’m sorry Sammy, for everything. I shouldn’t have taken the Mark, or gone after Megadouche. I shouldn’t have blamed you for the Darkness getting out. And I know, sorry doesn’t fix everything, but if you want, we can work on fixing it.”
Dean was uncomfortable. No wonder John never liked coming to these things. Hunters, gathering around coolers, discussing other hunters like it was a game of ‘who had the best gossip’.
“What now?” Sam asked, still in shock over everything that had happened over the last half an hour.
Samandriel looked at the Angel, not sure who it was. The vessel, a tall and muscular man with olive skin and shocking green eyes, was not one he recognised. He reached out with his Grace, and couldn’t help but yelp with joy when he found out who it was. “William!” he shouted, running to embrace him.
Cas turned quickly “you really think so?”
He was met with silence. Looking at everyone sitting around the table, he noted their expressions. Gabriel was pouting, possibly because he was banned from the Soul Area, and Samandriel was not. Castiel was smiling gently, but keeping an eye on Dean and Sam’s reaction too. Sam and Dean were both frozen in shock, obviously processing the mass of information that had been dumped on them.
Chuck sighed “Fucking Winchesters.”
Cas rolled his eyes “that’s wonderful new Samandriel, it’s wonderful to know you are helping educate the Angels so much. I do not need to go with you, unless you want me to. We trust you to go alone.”
“Hello Dean, what is it you need my assistance for? And, no, I'm not ‘quite finished’ with my show, just because you don't like it, doesn't mean I will stop watching it!”
After Chuck let Dean accompany Samandriel and Castiel to Heaven, Dean had been a lot more relaxed on the idea of them going alone, he still worried but he was no longer demanding to tag along. Chuck was happy wild Winchesters weren’t knocking on Heavens door, and Samandriel was happy his parents were happy.
“Thank you Chuck, really. If you require me in Heaven for anything at all, I will come and offer assistance.”
Dean looked at his brother, confusion almost covering the shock and fear in his eyes "tell who, what?" he tried to sound casual.
Cas chuckled “it’s a shortened version of my name, you know that Dean”.
Dean snorted “have you met me? As long as that kid is mine, she’ll get treated how Sammy did before he went to Hell.”
Samandriel snuggled further into the hold of one of his oldest friends, an Angel who would take time away from duty to play and have fun with Fledglings and younger Angels. “I am living on Earth with my family, but Chuck requests my assistance sometimes to help teach the others about Earth, so I will be visiting frequently. But, that does not mean you cannot visit me, you’ll just have to get through Dad and Father’s tests first.” He grinned, enjoying the presence of the familiar Grace William had wrapped around him.
“Yes” Samandriel agreed “a lot has changed, mostly due to the Winchesters interference and input.”
Chuck gave everyone else a hug before leaving for Heaven. Cas and Gabriel could hear the joyous cheers over Angel radio.
Smiling gently, Karen walked over for a quick hug. She moved over to stand next to Bobby, as Samandriel walked away.
Dean nodded as Cas explained “I think I knew, subconsciously, that he meant something to me. I didn’t realise until Chuck explained it to me” he shrugged.
"Ssh, baby. It's ok, let it out."
Sam stepped forward “hey, we’ve met God. He gave all humans free will, which includes not having to believe in him. He’s ok with that, as long as you are.”
“I won’t. I promise. But I will tell you that I know he won’t have a problem with it.”
“Cas, if it’s not too much to ask, I don’t really want to be alone tonight. Do you mind staying with me?” Dean’s cheeks were red, and he was staring at their hands, gripping each other for dear life.
“Good. What else?”
Dean had Castiel working with him, temporary as his Grace might be, it was still Grace, so he didn’t feel the need to call Sam. Looking back, he really regretted that decision. He coule tell he only had about twenty minutes left. He had a pretty clear view of Castiel cutting the head of the last vamp from where le was laying on the floor. He had to admit it was pretty hot. Even with one foot through the veil, he could appreciate Castiel.
The waitress brought them their food then, and they spent the rest of the meal bringing the other party up to date as to where they had been in the past few years.
“A Gas N Sip employee. I just gave him one of the cards Charlie gave us, so he doesn’t have to do that anymore.
It would still be about three hours until Jack was done with his online school, so Aaron started packing his clothes and other necessities. After about an hour and a half, Garcia called back.
“You know what I mean.”
“Alright Bobby, go ahead.”
“Right. Of course, Dean. But that’s like saying you are going to abusively neglect your children just because your dad did. And I know that that is most definitely not the case. Remember Ben?”
“Okay, first of all, yes, it is a human thing. Completely natural, don’t worry. And second of all, you didn’t let me down. You were doing what you thought was right. Neither of us knew what Metatron’s motive really was. He tricked me just as much as he tricked you. The only difference is, you got really screwed in the deal. Got that?” Castiel nodded, sniffling. “And, Cas, I’m sorry I kicked you out. It wasn’t the right thing to do. Here,” Dean pulled his wallet out of his pocket, and took a card out of the wallet. “Have this.” He handed it to Castiel. “It’s one of the cards Charlie gave us. It’s practically unlimited, but don’t go buying a house with it. Basically, it’s a get out of jail free card. Or, in your case, a get out of work free card. You can use it to rent a motel room long-term, buy food, and pay for the essentials.” Castiel was about to burst out in tears again, but in happiness this time. He took the card and stared at it in wonder. He had a way to live. Finally. He didn’t have to work for minimum wage any more.
“Wait, Hotchner? This is Sam, by the way. Dean’s my brother. What are you calling us for? Is there a case?” Sam’s confusion was palpable. After all, why would Aaron call after six years?
“Yeah. That and the fact that Cas’s hair is screwed six ways to Sunday.”
“Do you trust me?”
“I woke up, and I couldn’t find you or Cas, so I came looking for y’all, and I obviously found you. I’m really sorry.” Dean saw that Sam had tear tracks running down his face, and he sounded a little out of breath. He had been crying. Dean sighed reluctantly, about to start crying again.
“But- But it’s more than that. I...” Dean took a deep breath. “I love you.” Castiel noticed Dean’s lgs were a little wobbly, and as soon as he did Dean fell onto the floor, his tears mixing with the blood on his face and falling into his cuts, making him hiss in pain.
“I love you too, Dean. I really do.” Castiel smiled saying this, feeling as though there was happiness in just being in the moment, in just saying it. Happiness. Another thing Dean taught him. Dean looked into Castiel's eyes for a few moments, then put his hand on the back of Castiel’s head and pulled him in for a kiss. Cas was knocked off balance by the unexpected action, and he fell on top of Dean. He quickly put his hand over the back of Dean’s head to stop him from directly hitting the floor. They made out for a few minutes, Dean laying on the floor, with Castiel on top of him.
Takes place the night they spent in Dodge City, in 13x6 “Tombstone” (One of my top 3 favorite episodes) TW for talk about sexual abuse.
At table four there was Claire, Kaia, Alex, Patience, Jody, and Donna.
“You- You have wings.” Dean finally spoke.
“But- But if I told you, he might... still be alive.” Jack was now sobbing, so Sam, who had tears falling down his face as well, stood up and pulled Jack into a hug. The lack of something to lean against caused Dean to lay down, crying into his arms.
He knew where the wedding would take place, but that was about it. He could’ve known more if he wanted to, but he felt certain that any surprise today would be a good one.
“Cassie, wake up! It’s your wedding day!” Gabriel shook Castiel in his bed.
“What keeps you up at night?” Castiel looked at Dean, not surprised to see Dean freeze at the question.
“Yeah. Wait, is your last name Winchester, too?”
“But that's the problem. You shouldn’t die for me. I’m not worth it. My dad knew it, and I know it. It’s only a matter of time before you realize it too and then you’ll leave. You’ll leave, like they all do. Dad, Mom, Sam, Jack, everyone. And at some point, you will too. And people always say shit like ‘you can’t stay for someone else, you have to stay for yourself’, but I- I can’t. I can’t stay for my-myself. I just- I can’t. I can’t.” Dean had to stop talking because he was close to hyperventilating. Castiel wished he could heal him with his grace, but that only worked for physical wounds, no matter how much he wanted it to be different.
He was back in the crypt. He turned away from Dean, and put his hands over his ears, knowing it wouldn’t do anything.
“Yes. And you’re Claire?” Jack sat in the center of his bed facing Claire. Sam had decided to get two rooms for the five of them. Both were double queens. He, Dean, and Castiel were in one room, though Castiel didn’t sleep, and Jack and Claire were in the other.
“So. Your manager’s nice.”
“Yikes. Why is he there?”
“Dean. What happened? Where’s Castiel?” This caused Dean to start sobbing.
“Know that I will always love you, no matter what.” Castiel slipped the ring on Dean’s finger. It was wide, the metal silver, and in the center, a small amount of his Grace, shining blue in between the silver.
“Well, in that case, you can have mine.”
“Okay, whatever. Let’s just get going, okay?” Dean grabbed the angel tablet, and they started walking out, but before they got to the door that led them outside, Cadtiel grabbed Dean’s shoulder and gently pushed him into the wall., with a hand flatly against his chest.
“Cas?” Dean looked to Sam to make sure he was seeing the same thing, and that Dean wasn’t just hallucinating.
“You got me out of Hell, you did that right. Not everything you do comes out wrong, Cas, you’ve just hit a rough patch. Everyone has one. Eventually, you’ll be back on track.”
“Are you sure you’re-”
“The one and only. He’s dead, though. Lucifer killed him.. So, Sam and I were investigating this place called the “Broward County Mystery Spot”, where a guy had gone missing. Apparently, it was the work of Gabriel, and he ‘couldn’t resist messing with us when he heard we were in town’.” A few of the people looked disbelieving, but Dean didn’t care. He knew what happened, and that wasn’t going to change because a few random hunters thought he was lying.
They went out to Baby, got in and drove off. After Dean filled her up with gas, that is. He was still being careful to play the part, as Castiel’s manager was watching them through the window. When he went to pay, the screen said “paid in the store”. Dean looked through the window, and saw Castiel’s manager waving at him. He nodded his head at her and got in the car.
At table five there was Rowena, Death, Balthazar, Samandriel, and Meg.
“What? Why would he give the Queen of Hell more power?” Samandriel looked at Castiel with horror.
Everyone seemed pretty content with the seating chart. People began to gather at the buffet table to get their food, then they sat at their tables and chatted with each other.
“Because I‘m his father.”
“I found it at a thrift store. I loved the color, but it was starting to fall apart, so I asked Jack if he could make it new again, and he did.”
“The Dean Winchester?”
“You made me ask the front desk clerk if he had any lube. Trust me, I could be giving you a way worse dare right now.” Sam walked over to Dean and took his shoe off before Dean could react. “I’ll put one of these ice bucket bags in so your shoe doesn’t get wet. Not to be nice, but because we are driving all day tomorrow and I don’t want you complaining about having a wet shoe all day.” Sam put an ice cube in an extra ice bucket bag and shoved it in Dean’s shoe before tossing the shoe back to him.
“Um, what’s up with Heaven? Why’s it so empty?”
“It’s okay, I guess. I asked Jack to make the memory go away which he did. I just remember the fact that you killed me now, not it actually happening.”
“Okay, here.” The sound on the phone changed slightly. Then a different voice showed up.
“Yes, I think I’d like that. Dean and Castiel Singer. It has a nice ring to it, as humans say.”
“What? It’s the truth.” Gabriel turned a shit-eating grin to Castiel.
“I’m here, Dean. I’m so sorry, it was the only way to save-” Castiel was cut off by Dean ramming into him and hugging him tighter than he’d ever hugged anyone.
Set sometime around season 8, when Castiel has the borrowed Grace.
“Of course. We have a great place- Give me a second.” Sam apparently muted the phone. Aaron waited for a minute or two before Sam came back.
“Um, so if you don’t know me, my name is Benny Lafitte. I’m a vampire who helped get Dean out of Purgatory. In return, he brought me back with him. I met Dean on his second day in Purgatory, I think.” He looked to Dean, who nodded. “And when I met him, I told him of the portal that would bring him topside. But he insisted on looking for Castiel. We spent a year together, killing monsters and looking for him. And Dean would talk about him all the damn time. I didn’t have the heart to tell him how damn annoying he was because he seemed so in love. For most of the time, I thought Dean was talking about a lady. I didn’t know why, I guess it’s because of my ‘heteronormativity’ as the young folks are saying these days. Then we got to the stream and we saw Castiel. Of course I knew Dean loved him before, but seeing y’all two meet back up I was just thinking ‘damn, they’re in love’. Anyway, Castiel, you better appreciate Dean. He’s the best anyone could get.” Benny sat down, and looked over to Castiel who said “Trust me, I do.” before he kissed Dean. Dean then gave him a thumbs up.
“The one I left that night.”
When they had to pull apart for air (yes, angels need to breathe as well), Dean motioned for Castiel to get off him.
“Because I want us to talk.” Castiel put his hand on Dean’s shoulder, and looked into his eyes before instantly flying them to a different room.
When Sam let go of him, Dean sat on the asphalt, against the side of the Impala.
“You’re going to be glad I have grace, else you wouldn’t be able to sit right for a week. Got that?” Dean gulped and nodded excitedly in anticipation for when they got back to the bunker.
“Sh, Sammy’s asleep. Don’t want to wake him up.” Dean looked over at Sam fondly, the same way he had since he carried him out of their burning house all those years ago.
“What do you want to do now?” Jack got up to look out the window. “There’s a diner across the street, and Sam gave me a card to use.”
When they were all done, the Winchesters, Castiel, and Jack K got into the Impala, and Aaron and Jack H got into their VW Bug and followed the Impala to the Bunker.
“What?”
“Why?”
“Dean, ignoring your trauma isn’t a healthy coping mechanism. Trust me, it hasn’t worked for me either.”
Mid scene of Dean and Cas at the Gas N Sip in S9 E6 “Heaven Can’t Wait”.
“What about him?”
When they got back, Dean was in a deep sleep, so Jack transported him onto his bed. Sam went to the Library to research. What he should research, he had no idea but he had to do something.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because I know you, Cas. I have known you since you pulled me out of Hell. You- You know...” Dean took another step toward Castiel. One more step and their noses would practically be touching.
Gabriel stood up. “Do I want to say something? When do I ever not want to say something? You know me better than that, Sam. Anyway, I knew you two lovebirds were gonna get hitched the first time I met y’all. Remember that? The time with the TV Land? Now that was fun.”
“You’re tie’s backwards. Again. Here, let me fix it. Gabriel fixed Castiel’s tie, then gave him a hug, which Castiel gratefully reciprocated. When they separated, they went out of Castie’s room, to the Library.
“Why would this Jack go to you?” Now Balthazar was confused.
“Fine.” Dean led them to Sam’s room.
“Clearly. I mean, I’ve never met her, I haven’t really ever heard her mentioned except for right now, but she seems like an important person in your life, and a good influence.” Claire chose her words very carefully.
“Yeah. Truth or dare?” Dean sat on his bed, facing Sam, and Sam did the same on his own.
“Leave me- Gabriel?” Castiel shot upright and pulled Gabriel down into a hug. “How are you alive?”
“Sounds too good to be true. What’s the catch?”
“Okay, so the latest time was in 2014, I got the Mark of Cain to kill Abbadon, the Knight of Hell, and Metatron, yes, the Scribe of God, killed me. But, apparently, if you die when you have the Mark, you can’t die, if you do, you’ll come back as a demon. Which I did. Sammy cured me, I’m obviously not a demon anymore, and we all lived happily ever after. Well, not happily, I mean, we are hunters. Just look at Asa for that proof.” Dewan realized what he just said. “Sorry. That came out wrong.”
“I’m not sure you would react well if I told you.”
The waitress came to take their order, so they shortly stopped talking to tell her their orders, and to not scare her, what with talking about how one of the people at the table is the Biblical Antichrist. After the waitress left, they resumed their conversation, Jack H taking the lead.
“I don’t really know what to say. I mean we met here, literally right here, and then everything changed. You’ve saved me from Hell many times, but only one of them was from literal Hell. I think I realized I was in love with you when we were separated in Purgatory.”
“Fine. When you left, Sam started crying. He told me to play the voicemail and went into the bathroom. I think you guys sometimes forget my hearing is far better than a  human’s, because it was clear he went in there to cry without me seeing. After I played it, which, by the way, to angelic ears, it is clearly a shitty rendition of your voice. It was only passable to Sam because humans have limited hearing range. I told Sam that, by the way. I also showed him what it actually sounded like to angels.” Castiel broke off his eye contact with Dean to look at his menu. “In human terms, that is.”
Castiel suddenly sat straight up and looked at the door.
“Anyone else want to say something?”
His phone was ringing again. Wasn’t it ringing before? It was. But Cas had just died, so he couldn’t handle talking to anyone else. Cas had just died. Cas was dead. Cas loved Dean and he was dead. Wait. Phone.
“You did. Thank you.”
{[I’m skipping the rest of the events from 15x19, because I really don’t want to rewatch it, so we’re picking up at the beginning of the scene where Jack is God, and he has just brought everyone back.]}
“Zeke.”
“Because if you do, the angels will kill you,” Dean asks, trying to understand why Castiel refuses to go back to Heaven.
ed his eyes straight ahead.
“Cas, can you hand those back, please?”
“Siblings, Dumbass.” She lightly shoved Jack with her shoulder.
“Sammy?” When he heard his name, Sam bolted.
“It- It appears the borrowed Grace isn’t strong enough to heal you. I’m sorry.” Castiel started to stand up so he could sit down next to Dean in a more comfortable position.
“So that a part of me will always be with you, even when I am not.”
It was about an hour before the wedding, so Dean decided to put his suit on. He pulled it out of the closet, smiling. He and Cas debated for about a week on what they should wear, and how they should coordinate. They decided on simple black suits, and ties matching the other’s general eye color. Since they still wanted an element of surprise, they decided that they would each pick out their own tie.
“Okay. When was the last time you, you know, did... it?” Castiel studied Dean’s face, trying to gauge his reaction. But Dean just seemed numb.
“He’s Lucifer’s child, more powerful than pretty much anything we’ve ever gone up against before, except Amara, and he’s currently sleeping on the couch in our hotel room.”
Castiel brought his hand up to cradle Dean’s face. Dean covered his hand with his own and stepped closer to Castiel.
“How about we start with what you were thinking about right before I came into your room?”
Dean nodded. “Awesome.”
Castiel paused for a moment, thinking. “Well, it’s because you are one of the few truly good angels. Most angels would follow orders without even thinking about if they were just or not. You never had to make that decision, but I think Jack is able to tell which decision you’d make. And I’m sure there were  more like you, but...” Castiel became very quiet, voice racked with guilt. “But you were the one I killed. You were one of the only kills I truly regret. Because you didn’t have to die.”
