his heart is beating again, and he wants to cry and scream and laugh all at the same time because John is safe, John is here, John is standing in front of him and John
John shook his head and stepped into the café, nodding at the barista. She was a girl from his school, one of the few aged over fifteen he hadn’t tried to land; her name was Ellie, and she was in his year but in a different class
Irene looked vaguely offended. ‘I don't think it’s the stupidest, Sherlock. Think about all the things I’ve done. Seriously. I slept with that substitute teacher-‘
Despite this, he had never had sex, although he had gotten to third a few times with various girls; the first time, he’d been only fourteen. He didn’t come from a religious family but he wanted his first time actually having sex to be special and to be with someone he loved, a view that Harry regularly took the mic out of.
Sherlock talked about his mother for the first time in decades and John listened because that was what Sherlock needed, and John would do anything for Sherlock. Anything and everything, because that was what you did when you loved someone like John loved Sherlock, like Sherlock loved John; they were the centre of your world, and you would do anything to make sure they were happy.
They’d planned for that, but her shoulders still slumped. ‘But- it’s my sister.’
eyes.
Sherlock’s neck flushed red as John called him brilliant, which made the older man feel a little sad. What sort of upbringing must he have had if he blushed when his boyfriend called him brilliant?
They lapsed into silence, John’s eyes closed again, and Sherlock wondered yet again why John had chosen him, out of everyone. A King who had serious self-esteem issues from a traumatic childhood, the emotional capacity of a goldfish and who he couldn’t even openly be with -
Sherlock smiled. ‘It’s fine. This floor is deserted. Except for…’
‘One the twenty-second of December of this year, you and I are going to inform the world of three things.’ Sherlock smiled proudly. It was an ingenious idea, even if he said so himself. John would love him even more for it.
Sherlock had stared at her, eyebrows furrowed, not really understanding what she was saying and amazed that she would speak to him like that. ‘I’ve never begged for mercy in my life,’ he retorted.
John brushed his hand away and stood up. ’I need some air. Have fun together, Sherlock. You should have a blast; two psychopaths hanging out together. God, I knew I shouldn't have fucking trusted you. We’re done. Have a fun fucking life, you idiot.’
John shuddered. He felt nothing but respect for the Major, and he was in complete awe of him; Sholto was an excellent soldier and a supreme commander, but John wasn't interested and even if he was, he would never go there. The army was not one of the places where you could be openly gay, so John couldn’t even surreptitiously spread a rumour that he had a boyfriend to get Sholto off his back. It was somewhat ironic that the army was still so blatantly homophobic because most of the lads gave each other helping hands with blowjobs or handjobs when needed. Not that John had ever done anything like that- he was completely loyal to his Sherlock, and always would be.
‘Now she has full custody of Benedict she rarely does that, you know-‘
John doesn't need the adrenalin anymore. Without Sherlock, the world is grey and black and sad, and John simply exists. Living is a thing of the past, and with the living the adrenalin.
‘Ok, well, what I think is that you use normal blank paper-‘
Mike sighed and crossed something out on his piece of paper. ‘Ok…what about-‘
The smile crept back onto John’s face despite himself, and he shook his head. ‘You might be a complete stranger, but you’re a complete liability, Sherlock Holmes.’
Unfortunately, John was turning eighteen at the beginning of September, and as of then his right to anonymity would be abolished completely (it had been a stupid law that Sherlock’s grandfather had made just before his untimely death). They would have to show his face in pictures, and it would only be a matter of hours before someone who knew him reported his name for an excessive amount of money.
, and in front of his astounded eyes, yet another blue line appeared, oozing blue blood around it.
Sherlock turned to him with a smile so bright it rivalled the moon. ‘And I you,
He couldn’t concentrate on the hundreds of people in the Abbey and the millions in their homes saying as one, ‘God save King Sherlock!’ He couldn’t concentrate on the Archbishop attempting to settle down the cheering. He couldn’t concentrate on the children standing to the side holding the sword, orb and crown.
And suddenly it was all so, so clear.
it stopped. John sprawled in the grass and covered his eyes. ‘Oh, fuck. Fuck.’
Sherlock padded to the bed, pausing and looking down. ‘John?’ He said softly, but the doctor remained silent, arms folded defiantly over his chest.
John tried the handle, jiggling it around before turning to Sherlock. ‘Locked, mate.’
Sherlock's heart rate accelerated.
and then opened the front door and screamed, ‘MRS HUDSON!!!’
Sarah bristled. ‘Is that any of your-‘
Kissing James felt like something that kissing John had never had; it felt dangerous, exciting, thrilling and addictive instead of safe, steady, careful and loving. Sherlock had always told himself he preferred John’s kisses, on the rare occasions when he lay awake at night and allowed himself to think of Jim, but now he was remembering James, all those nights, all those moments they had spent together, and he didn’t know anymore who’s kisses he preferred.
‘How arrogant can you get?’ John shouted. ‘You blabbed to someone who is clearly a sociopath-‘
Clearly not.
and I don't want to know
Sherlock had taken to them surprisingly quickly. He loved both his nephews, even if they were half Mycroft, but he had a particular favourite in Ezra. Perhaps because he was named after him, perhaps because he looked more like him, perhaps because he was incredibly intelligent, but Sherlock and Ezra had been as thick as thieves from the day Sherlock had visited them in hospital and Ezra had grabbed his finger and gurgled intelligently, gazing up at him with those big eyes.
‘You’re wrong,’ Sherlock said, slumping backwards, resigned. ‘I did it.’
watch it anymore, could not
He recognised them from pictures. William’s siblings, Eleanor, Richard and Zachariah; several others, including Victor’s father, Balthazar Trevor, and Tanya, a Duchess from the North, he also vaguely recalled.
The Archbishop nodded and Sherlock stood, moving slowly to the altar, trying to prevent the crown from falling off his head, and knelt, saying, ‘the things which I have here before promised I will perform and keep. So help me God.’
A pause, and then Rosie, in a very small voice, said, ‘You think?’
It took John a moment to realise he was referencing Morag.
‘Don’t tell me you’re having an affair with Trisha,’ John teased, still holding Sherlock’s hand. Harry laughed and winked at the Queen, who blushed but smiled; she and Harry had always got on. ‘No. Um, Johnny, I actually brought someone to meet you.’
The first activity was volleyball and John and Harry followed the group of laughing French children. The curly-haired boy, Sherlock, was clearly the leader of John’s group and although he didn't know what it was that Sherlock had said when they walked in, it was clearly an insult of some sort. John didn't like being insulted, and he immediately vowed to stay as far away from him as possible.
‘I know,’ Sherlock whispered. ‘I know, John.’
Well.
John crouches next to the cots (even at seventy-four he’s as fit as ever) and gently traces the cheek of the bigger one with his finger: the baby gurgles, snuffling quietly as he slumbers. ‘Welcome to the world,’ John whispers, and Nathaniel lays a comforting hand on his shoulder. ‘We’ve chosen names.’
‘Ready, Sherlock?’ Mycroft said quietly, the joking tone gone from his voice. Sherlock flashed him a quick, guarded smile. ‘Aren’t I always? Into battle, brother.’
Lestrade groaned and rubbed his eyes. ‘Anderson, not
‘I wish you would stop referring to them as angels,’ Sherlock sighed. ‘It makes you sound like some sort of devil.’
It was little things, but it was so obvious Sherlock wanted to scream. Sitting too close on the bed. Constant physical contact, standing too close, one arm always resting on John’s shoulder. Laughing for too long at John’s jokes, gazing at him when John wasn’t looking, prolonged eye contact. Strange jealousy when John talked to other teenagers, anger when John talked to Mycroft, even.
but Irene ignored him, staring at John.
‘Papa.’
Sherlock froze. ‘Um. The radio one?’
‘I doubt that will be the title, John, it’s far too long.’ Sherlock said, steepling his hands under his chin and watching Christopher, who was now trying to assemble a 3D model of the human body. ‘No, Christopher, you’re not screwing it in right.’
‘Plus tard. Je suis un peu fatigué.’ - Later. I am a little tired.
John looked up at him and Sherlock could have sworn he was smirking. ‘How so?’
‘The Witch?’ Victor asked. Sherlock glared at his friend. ‘It’s what everyone calls Morag, Vic. Continue, Michael.’
Sherlock ignored her completely and walked towards his father, stopping just a few feet away from him. William’s eyes were full with tears as he gazed at his son. ‘Sherlock…’ he whispered. ‘Please, Sherlock.’
John smiled, and all Sherlock could see were his eyes but that didn't matter, because John's eyes were beautiful and Sherlock would happily live his entire life looking into them. 'That's exactly what I wanted you to say,' he whispered, and then their lips were touching again and they were kissing on the roof, and it was reckless and idiotic but that was what Sherlock specialised in and John had forgiven him for something unforgiveable; John, perfect, stupid, brilliant John was kissing him, John, perfect, stupid, brilliant John was here, with him, right then, and Sherlock felt anchored to the Earth again, no longer floating among the stars that shone above them, because he had John and John had him and as long as they were together he was utterly, completely content.
gently on the lips. ‘Oh God, yes,’ he whispered, and threw himself straight into the life that he felt, for the first time, he deserved.
'Shut
Sherlock shrugged. ‘My mother is french and we live on the resort. My mum owns it. She uses me and my brothers as translators, so we’ve been learning foreign languages since we were born, practically.’
‘What about Janine? You and her were certainly friendly last year-‘
and John had almost thrown up.
Sherlock froze.
Morag screamed but Sherlock just applied more pressure. ‘Tell me!’
Sherlock bit his lip hard. He wouldn’t do that, wouldn’t do what James had told him too. However much it pained him, Sherlock was an angel. Or at least on the side of the angels.
‘And Game of Thrones,’ Rosie added from the corner. ‘Particularly the last season. He hates the plot holes.’ John sighed. ‘Rosie. You are thirteen years old. You should
Sherlock stood up, glaring at his brother. ‘Don’t say it. Don’t say his name.’
’s, and it was just the three of them in the room, fathers and son, until Ella reappeared quietly in the doorway. ‘Here she is, boys.’
‘What time is it?’ John asked, hoping,
‘I haven't heard this song for eighteen years,’ John said, voice cracking. ‘
‘They’re lying, Sherlock.’ John fought to keep his voice as calm as possible. ‘Please, love, believe me. I promise.’
Was John saying…was he saying…was he saying what Sherlock thought he was?
Sherlock sniffed, wiping away the tears, although both of them could see it was useless. ‘I tried to tell people it was a suicide, but they just ignored me. The ramblings of a five year old, they said. So I tried to forget it, which failed completely. Every time I close my eyes I can see my shoes, John, covered in her blood, because I didn’t come out of the wardrobe, I didn’t stop her, I just watched as she put the gun in her mouth and pulled the trigger-‘
Sherlock twisted his hand, so their fingers were interlinked.
Rumours that hinted that no terror group had been responsible. Rumours that said that it had been a friend, a close friend, of one of the Princes. Rumours that whispered about Prince Sherlock leaking security numbers that allowed the deaths of about six hundred and eighty people.
on his
‘A winky face?’
He’d refused to call their child
John. ‘But you love me.’
‘Tell us again, then.’ Sherlock said, twanging his violin and staring vaguely out of the window; even in just a dressing gown and pyjama bottoms he looked like a Greek God. John tore his eyes away and made immediate eye contact with a glaring Mycroft; clearly the eldest Holmes disliked seeing an ex-army doctor eye-fucking his little brother.
John opens his jacket, and Sherlock sees wires, and his bewilderment is replaced by adrenalin.
John raised an eyebrow. ‘I’m intrigued. Go.’
‘Long live the King.’ The people in the square shouted.
And come they had.
Mycroft groaned. ‘You are determined to make everything harder for me, aren’t you, Sherlock? Fine, Harriet can go out, but I’m afraid her…’
Mrs Hudson glanced at the cook, who was listening carefully, before saying loudly, ‘no, dear. He was at the coronation, though, so he might be here. It was all very surprising, we haven't seen him in so long, have we? Why don't you go and ask Mycroft?’ But as the cook turned away Mrs Hudson pointed at a little door in the corner of the kitchen and winked.
John nodded, because even if Sherlock hated him he loved the resort, from the activities to the people to the rooms (after the disastrous first year Sherlock’s mother had reserved them a suite every single summer) and he had no intention of giving it up.
That and Irene, who had been ‘secretly’ infatuated with Molly since she was thirteen, had demanded that if Sherlock fucked Molly around anymore he would have her to answer to.
He wished he could, but he couldn't, and he had a feeling he never would.
‘Je ne sais pas,’ Mike shrugged. Irene and Janine were far too caught up in each other to care, with Irene simply shrugging before putting her hand on Janine’s leg and laughing far too genuinely at some joke the Irish girl was telling.
‘You dick,’ John choked out, before he put his hand exactly over his bond mark and kissed the man. Something inside him clicked, and for the first time he felt secure and settled, safe inside himself. ‘I love you. Let’s get married.’
Sherlock carefully slid under the covers and wrapped an arm around John. He would think about what he’d done in the morning - for now, he was going to lie here, wait for the alcohol to clear from his brain, and then commit every detail of the last hour to his memory.
John shook his head and lay next to Hunter, staring at the wire mesh on the top of the bunk, and dismissed Sherlock from his mind. He couldn't think about the other man without feeling that overwhelming sense of despair, and he couldn't be incapacitated out here. If you didn't concentrate, you died, and John was determined not to die. He had to get back to Sherlock.
all accompanied by Henry’s smile. ‘And,’ Henry continued hopefully, ‘Your little brother was born six months ago. I told him all about you, John. I tell him about you all the time.’
In hindsight, it should have been obvious: they had the same regal expression, exuded the same aura of arrogant intelligence and looked at each other like they hated each other.
He would see Sherlock soon, he told himself as he buttoned up his shirt. Just six months. Six more months, and they’d be together.
‘I’ve watched you destruct from a distance for a year,’ John whispered into Sherlock’s hair, ‘And I can’t let that happen anymore.’
And then they were forgotten, because of a kiss.
‘Oh.’ Sherlock thought for a moment. ‘I’m going to say it again, though.’
‘You’re angry,’ Sherlock muttered. John glared at him. ‘Yeah, I’m angry. What the fuck was that on the roof?’
‘That’s just stupid.’ Sherlock interrupted. ‘That’s ridiculous, Morag. Are you becoming senile? It wouldn't surprise me, the rumours are you were born in Tudor times and survive on a diet of babies and kittens-’
put the robe on him. ‘I poured over it, highlighted it and then framed it. I kiss it every night before I go to bed. Instead of reciting the Lord's prayer before I sleep I recite your itinerary. Never before have I loved something as I do that piece of paper.'
‘Dammit.’ Sherlock’s eldest son cursed. ‘Why did you give me so few names?’
‘Half two?’ John guessed, and Sherlock smiled at him. ‘See, John, you are not always
‘Sorry!’ Harry said, and John looked up and, unbelievably, her eyes were still closed. ‘Are you decent?’
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Charlotte looked horrified. Eleven, who was dancing nearby, squeaked. Dean Winchester, who had just walked through the door looking suspiciously rumpled with Cas, said loudly, ‘has our entire year gone hella gay?’
Sherlock couldn’t ever recall saying the words
He didn’t hear Jack laughing as he sprinted up the stairs.
having authority over Mycroft), rolled his eyes and sighed. ‘Fine. Not today. Later, though.’
‘Probably,’ Sherlock agreed. ‘Like me, like John, like you.’
‘Why don’t you get married?’
) in disdain. ‘Really? I didn’t get the memo.’
Sherlock swept out of the room. Mycroft was watching him and John was actually physically hurt by the sadness, pain and anger in Mycroft’s eyes as he watched his little brother.
Sherlock.
‘Enough, Irene,’ Sherlock snapped. ‘We have bigger problems.’ He sighed and crossed his ankles, hands steepled by his chin. He had adopted his thinking position (lying on bed, ankles crossed, hands steepled) as soon as he had reached his room after school; when Irene had knocked on the door and charmed her way past Houghton, the Holmes’ butler, he had simply pointed at the chair and remained silent. Irene had guessed what was wrong (she almost always guessed right, she wasn't an idiot) and had come up with her (stupid, stupid) suggestion.
Sherlock stopped outside Bart’s and glanced at Victor. ‘Are you going to go and chat up those motorcycle boys?’ He said, nodding at the group of youths on the other side of the square.
‘Girlfriend,’ Mycroft said, the word bitter in his mouth, ‘must stay in here. I shall go out, but that is all.’
John hated him instantly.
Suddenly, John heard movement behind him.
A month later, John was settling in a little better. He’d found a group of slightly less twattish students at the College he was lodging in, and formed a close friendship with Mike Stamford and Molly Hooper, the two other Bart’s students participating in the programme. Mike was also doing medicine, Molly was doing forensic pathology, and they were both alright. Molly was a lot cleverer, but a lot shyer, so they complimented each other.
go anywhere near drugs.
the summer,’ Sherlock spat. ‘Because it’s brilliant. Fucking brilliant, and then it ends, and you have to go. It deceives you into thinking everything will be ok, and then it takes it all away at the end.’
John pressed his ear to the crack, trying hard to hear.
hard not to stare at the younger boy’s bum (‘You filthy animal,’ Sarah whispered as they walked. ‘You just think he’s hot.’), until they reached a door set into a room that was already filled with people.
‘That’s all I’ve heard you say,’ John said, with that same half-laugh, and Sherlock actually looked at him properly for the first time. ‘I can say other things, John,’ he replied, pushing his hands back through his hair, keeping his curls away from his forehead. ‘I could tell you about your failed relationship, your strained family relations due to your indecision to enter the armed forces, the fact that you’re failing your history A level, your urge to attend University College London and become a Doctor of medicine.’ He smiled slightly. ‘But I prefer saying your name.’
John’s father chuckled and Sherlock turned around, surprised; no one usually laughed when he was sarcastic. Sarcasm, as Morag was always saying, was the dumbest form of wit.
it’s all in tatters.
John whipped around, heart racing, until he laid eyes on the tall, dark haired boy in a long, dark coat. ‘Jesus
‘I’m not going to be able to sleep anyway,’ John said, and Jenny nodded in agreement. Siger smiled, sniffing a bit. ‘In that case, any help would be appreciated. I’m going to the rooms by the exits: I’ve already done three, there are three more to do.’
‘A box,’ Tavvy repeated, looking annoyed. ‘Well, actually, Vi said we should look in the top of the wardrobe so I built a ladder of boxes and toys, and then I climbed up and found this.’ She held out the simple brown box and frowned. ‘I’ve never seen it before. Can I open it?’
They lapsed into silence, Sherlock drinking in the sight of John right then because even if it didn't work, even if this was the furthest they got, at this precise moment everything was new and beautiful and John was
He reached into a drawer in the ancient kitchenette attached to the back wall and withdrew two pieces of laminated paper. ‘This is the schedule for Tuesday’s. You get a new one every day. How long are you here for?’
He shouldn't have had those doubts.
It wasn’t romantic love, nothing like the love he had felt (still felt) for John. It was a meeting of the minds, a mental love. Irene Adler was so powerful, so intelligent, so like Sherlock yet so different from Sherlock that he was instantly intrigued by her. He wanted to solve her, solve this puzzle, and nothing would stop him.
‘It’s that list that I did to see how I would ask you to Prom!’ Sherlock said excitedly, showing John the list. John looked at Sherlock in disbelief. ‘You were going to ask me to
‘Right.’ John breathed. ‘Ok. Um, guys, you know I haven’t been around much lately?’
Trisha’s quarters were much like Sherlock’s, except much neater and quite a bit bigger. She shared them with her son and William, who was currently in Dubai for some event Sherlock didn’t care about. Trisha was sitting in the living room and the first thing John noticed was Mycroft, who looked up, saw John and rolled his eyes before glancing back down at his phone. Trisha smiled nervously when she saw John ‘Ah! John, Sherlock. Please, sit.’
‘Right.’
Sherlock let out a shaky breath and walked quickly over to the door. As he passed Lestrade, the older man visibly flinched.
‘Window.’ Victor said maniacally. Victor was like a four year old hopped up on sherbet, 24/7, and the fact that he was the fifteenth richest teenager in the world only worsened the problem. He was arrogant, he was loud, he was obnoxious, and Sherlock loved him for it.
Sherlock looked down at her, puzzled, but as usual he couldn’t deduce a thing about her. Instead he ducked his head and, lips grazing her ear, whispered, ‘definitely.’
John, his John, standing next to him.
and all he wanted to do was run to him-
John laughed. ‘How am I meant to know, dad? I’ve never been in the army.’
‘Are you alright, father?’ Izzy said worriedly, seeing the look on Mycroft’s face. ‘Yes, quite,’ he replied, staring after his brother. ‘It’s just- he’s never thanked me before.’
His eyes seemed duller than usual, but that might just have been the grief, and John found himself staring into them like a blind man seeing the sun for the first time. He had forgotten just how beautiful, just how unique, just how perfect Sherlock’s eyes were-
John focused on the screen. The official announcer was reading out their names; John heard Olivia Baldwin, a blonde woman in her mid-forties with William’s smile, Paul Fisher, a man in his early thirties with messy black hair; Daniel and Lucas Grey, identical twins with the same blue/green eyes as Sherlock who looked about Mycroft's age if slightly older; Isla Wyatt, who couldn’t have been more than twenty-five and who had William’s sharp cheekbones, Annabelle Fox, who looked about twenty-two, and Dean Samuels who, with his curly hair (albeit a lighter brown than Sherlock’s inky black), slender frame and wicked smile could have been Sherlock’s non-identical twin.
He doesn't really know what he’s doing as he dials Sherlock’s number. He doesn't know what he wants to say until Sherlock picks up with a
‘It’s all I’ve ever wanted,’ Sherlock whispered, realising he meant it with all of his broken, but fixable, heart.
He would never admit it to anyone, but Sherlock loved his grandmother more than almost anybody else on the planet.
‘A family meeting?’ She said in that soft Irish accent, eyes still fixed on John. ‘How quaint.’
the kiss said.
‘Fine,’ John whispered hoarsely. He could barely believe this was happening and he only just noticed his hands were shaking and
‘Indeed.’ Sherlock shot a worried look at John, who was smiling for some reason. Did he not agree that Molly was clearly in need of medical attention? She looked like she was going to faint. ‘I have some brilliant experiments set up at the palace, would you like to come and see them, someday?’
That night, as the nine others in the barracks snored, John took out the little picture he kept in his pocket at all times and stared at it in the dim light of the lamp. It had been taken a few days before war had been declared, when everything was alright, and they looked happy, actually happy. Sherlock’s arm was around John’s shoulders, he was laughing and John was smiling at him, eyes sparkling. They had been by the pool at Balmoral, one of Sherlock’s other palaces; it had been scorching hot and John was topless, looking at Sherlock with an easy smile that John was sure he could no longer do: he'd seen far too much, now. Sherlock’s shirt was open, his curls were dripping water and they both looked so happy it made John’s head hurt.
Sherlock looked down, smiling to himself. ‘You could say that.’ And then, in a fluid movement, he stood and grabbed the waiter’s hand. ‘Come with me?’
It was humiliating to be approaching your boyfriend completely naked after cheating on him with the biggest threat to the security of his country since Al Qaeda.
‘Right.’ Sherlock groaned. ‘Tell her we’re coming.’
‘Thank you, Irene.’ Sherlock said, nodding at her. She waved at Jacob, ruffled Christopher’s hair (the boy scowled) and walked out of the room.
‘Hi, Sherlock.’
John laughed through the tears and reached his hand around, threading it through Sherlock’s eye. ‘Nothing, love,’ he said through the tears.
‘I believe that John Watson is good for you.’ Mycroft said simply. ‘And I think that if you were to engage in a relationship with him, it would work.’
Mycroft was interrupted by a shout as the door was flung open. ‘Johnny!’
his lips touch the skin under her ear and John could
John laughed. ‘God, no. No, Molly’s just a mate. I don’t like her like that, and even if I did, I couldn’t compete with Prince Sherlock. She’s got the biggest crush on him.’
John had checked the post first thing every day, hoping he’d hear from Sherlock.
‘Sherlock-‘
Sherlock gently lay down next to John. He didn’t say anything, simply staring at the ceiling and waiting for John to say something. John always spoke first; he couldn’t resist.
There were seven options on his list:
The door had opened and a chauffeur had stepped through the door, opened it widely, and then she had walked in.
‘Sherlock, are you being sexist?’ Sherlock leapt up and smiled at his husband, who was standing in the door with a half smile on his face. ‘Poor girls. What are we going to do about your Daddy’s horrible behaviour, Vi, Tavvy?’
‘Cyanode?’ John shrugged. ‘Cyanatal?’
There are tears welling up in John’s eyes. ‘Nathaniel-‘
‘IRENE IS A DOMINATRIX-‘
Sherlock stared at her. ‘What has that got to do with anything-‘
John shoots a man less than an hour after he fucks Sherlock outside their flat and he’s ready to do it all over again, because the adrenalin is so much better than anything he’s ever experienced before. He’s found his fix and he
Before Sherlock could reply he saw Morag coming towards him, looking pissed off; clearly it was almost time to go Westminster Abbey. He looked at Mycroft and muttered, 'I don't send away the people I like, Mycroft. The one time I did that...' he shuddered as he thought of John. 'Well. You know how that turned out.'
at John. John doesn't know why, because he has done nothing special: if anything, John should be apologising for allowing his father to die. He had a part in preventing Nathaniel from having the best upbringing possible, from knowing his father, who John knows would have adored Nathaniel. Instead, Nathaniel was stuck with John, a man with sub-par intelligence who couldn't bring his son in the way that he should have been.
‘She knows who I am,’ John’s father said confidently, and he took off his cap and smiled at John. ‘Hey, Jenny. John.’
he whispers as Sherlock comes for the fifth time.
John wasn’t crying. John was standing up straight, watching Sherlock, fists clenched tightly by his sides, and it was more heart-breaking than if John had been crying, screaming, telling Sherlock he was awful.
Sheila tapped something into the computer before glancing at Sherlock, who was now pacing back and forth by the elevator. ‘Is somebody a little nervous?’ She whispered, and Rosie, standing next to John, barked out a laugh. ‘He’s shitting himself.’
Sholto stepped right up to Hunter and screamed in his face, spit flying into his eyes, 'do you think this is funny?'
His father gently took it in his surgeon’s hands and winced. ‘A clean fracture. They must’ve fallen. Probably down some stairs, at this time of night.’
‘We need to go over your understanding of the biology of the
John sat in the red chair and checked his phone for messages; nothing. Sherlock was still looking at him, as if waiting for him to speak, and John suddenly felt incredibly uncomfortable. He was in Buckingham palace, seemingly illegally, with the heir to the throne, and what the hell did they have in common? They came from different worlds, for God’s sake-
The older boy didn’t say anything. He just looked at Sherlock and he blinked, slowly, as Sherlock stared into his eyes, his dead, snakelike eyes, and he couldn't help but think that maybe, possibly, James was right. He did have to pretend to be better than he was when he was around John, so the other boy wouldn’t be angry with him, or think himself too good for Sherlock and leave him. He couldn’t be truthful with John; he could never tell John about his mother, or the drug habit, or her. He couldn’t let John know about any of that, because John might realise how fucked-up he was and leave him.
Sherlock was told that he was moving to Italy a mere three weeks before their plane was scheduled to take off, because ‘if we had told you before, dear, you’d have kicked off’. They were moving because of Siger’s job, and they were going to be gone for just less than two years, but just the thought of going made Sherlock’s heart freeze.
Lestrade ran a hand through his hair. ‘I know he deserves it, Sherlock, but that was a little bit far. I knew Sally was expecting and I knew that he was the father but she deserved to tell him, or not tell him, in her own time. You didn't just humiliate Anderson there but Sally as well-‘
Sherlock could almost hear John blushing as he replied, ‘I’ve not been that bad-‘
‘I assumed you were just hiding it for a big reveal!’ Jim looked almost as upset as Sherlock felt. ‘Sherlock, I’ve got fifty quid on him saying yes! And I do not want to owe Irene that amount of money, she gets so grabby and demands such weird favours…’
And then Sherlock’s father had died.
John plucked his son out of Sherlock’s arms and laughed when Dante shouted, ‘Pa! Pa! Da, look, Pa!’
His hair was longer, curling into the nape of his neck in a way that John found strangely attractive. His skin was incredibly pale, paler than usual, and his cheekbones were even more prominent; he had lost weight. He looked almost completely different than he had a just under a year and a half ago
Had he never told John he was gay? Of course he had. Why wouldn’t he? He wasn’t ashamed of it, after all, and he was closer to John than he was with anyone. John must know. John surely knew…
and pressed you against a dirty brick wall? Did you regret it when he was
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, not knowing which part of the sentence to address first. ‘You don’t call me Sherlock. And since when did you say
James had been banished and had, as far as Sherlock was aware, never come back, retreating to Ireland and hiding. Sherlock had thought he would never see him again and he had been utterly heartbroken because he had adored James with all his heart, and suddenly he’d been betrayed, lied to and left in complete disgrace by the last person on Earth he would have thought would do those things to him.
‘As opposed to rainbow coloured paper covered in sparkles?’
There were jokes from Mike and some of the younger teens, pretending to be surprised, but John hadn't cared. From the moment he had stepped on the resort that July, him and Sherlock had been inevitable. Hell, from the moment John had stepped on the resort that July six years ago, when he was only twelve years old, him and Sherlock had been inevitable.
A sudden crash made them break apart and Sherlock stared at his son, who was trying to look innocent in John’s arms. ‘I din’t do anything,’ he said innocently, batting his big blue/green eyes at John. ‘The picture falled by itself.’
He walks to Baker Street slowly, and when he reaches that familiar green door he doesn't bother knocking. Sherlock gave him a new key a few months previously, and John uses this to unlock the door. He walks up the stairs, opens the front door, and walks to Sherlock’s bedroom.
‘God, John, it’s not like I’m proposing.’ Sherlock scoffed. ‘You’re just introducing your friend to your mother, father and sister. That is not that big a deal.’
‘Thirteenth,’ Lestrade supplied, adding when Sherlock raised an eyebrow, ‘of May. Don’t you have exams starting in three days?’
He stays in bed much longer than he should and soon the crying starts. He hears Lizzie singing, trying to entertain Nathaniel, but the crying persists and John just closes his eyes and turns over. He
One year and six months had passed since that day. Six months training, a year on the front line, eighteen months without seeing his Sherlock. He’d seen him on the television, of course, during the weekly address, and he was always in the newspapers, but he hadn’t seen
As if sensing Sherlock’s gaze, he looked up and bright blue eyes met deep blue/green.
He ran to his room after a hasty goodbye to Mycroft, excited to see John. Their relationship was, if possible, even better than when they had first started going out; now, at least, they didn’t have to hide when going around the palace. Even William seemed to have accepted John as Sherlock’s partner and had even invited him around a couple of times to watch large sporting finals with him.
‘I didn’t mind.’ John said, ignoring Sherlock completely. ‘I didn’t mind it. At all.’
He’d asked Mike, and Mike had shrugged.
Molly cleared her throat and put down her laptop, standing up and avoiding Sherlock’s gaze. ‘Right. It’s been about twenty five minutes, hopefully the biscuits are done. Coming?’
And thus ends Ask Him! If you could leave kudos and comment on how you found the entire work I would greatly appreciate it :) if anyone has any questions on this work or prompts for my next one please comment! Thank you to everyone who commented and read from the beginning and if you liked it, I have other (mostly Johnlock) fics on AO3 :)
Sherlock opened his eyes, and he watched both the first tear John had ever cried in front of him and the life he had thought was his slide away.
not at the top table? I’m far more important than those
and smiled seductively. ‘Nothing like you and Sherlock.’
John opened his mouth, because he knew, he felt, that something was horribly wrong, but Mycroft began to speak.
but most of all it was an apology.
‘Shut up,’ John growled, and then he kissed Sherlock, and Sherlock could honestly have sworn that they were back in that hall, at the beginning of everything, with James Blunt playing in the background and the darkness hiding them from the blinding light of life.
Morag turned to the King. ‘We must allow this!’ She cried. ‘You cannot have a faggot as a king-‘
Sherlock smiled. ‘Don’t overdo it, Irene. We have exams coming up.’
John turned back to the television and smiled as the King appeared. He looked good for sixty-two, with salt-and-pepper hair and a neatly trimmed beard of the same colour. He was followed out by his wife and children (John noted Sherlock, who was scowling horrifically as usual) and then his brother and his nieces.
John pretended to think. ‘Only a billion or so times, love.’
Sherlock’s eyes stop darting and he focuses on John, breathing gradually slowing down. ‘John-‘
Because it was Sherlock, his Sherlock, his face on the television and John had had no idea just how much he had missed that face, missed Sherlock, until he saw it properly for the first time in what seemed like forever.
John shook his head in wonder. Just a few hours previously he had been talking to Harry about how arrogant Sherlock was, how horrible he must be, but he had obviously liked Mike and talked to him as an equal, not a servant.
He doesn’t know how long they are standing there, he doesn’t know how long he’s been whispering those same two words, all he knows is that John needs him. ‘It’s okay, John-‘
‘Yeah? Well.’ John rolled up his sleeves: it was
‘No,’ Sherlock scoffed. ‘That means nothing to Mycroft.’ Victor was being stupid. Nobody loved Sherlock, he had made sure of that since his mother died, least of all Mycroft. Mycroft loved no one, cared for no one, but his own fat self.
‘Look who’s here!’ Irene grinned, and John awkwardly smiled. He hadn't exactly planned what he was going to say when he saw Sherlock (he hadn't even decided if he wanted to see the boy), although he had expected it to be tense, difficult and a bit
‘How could you do this to me?’
Nathaniel opens his mouth to reply, but before he can Lizzie says loudly, ‘he’s gay. I knew it. Isla, you owe me twenty quid.’
There was a roaring sound in John’s ears, so loud he couldn’t hear what they were saying. He wanted to collapse; only sheer will-power kept him standing, because he would not fall down in front of all these people after what they’d done to him and, more importantly, to Sherlock. He couldn’t see anything but Morag, that fucking woman just smirking at him as his world collapsed.
‘Quit staring into my eyes,’ John laughed. ‘We’re not in some teenage chick-flick.’
Sherlock is gets sadder and sadder as Lizzie ages. He starts asking John if they’re going to carry on doing this forever, if Sherlock will always be John’s
‘I’m glad no-one saw that,’ John whispers, and Sherlock shakes his head, desperately trying to understand what’s happening. ‘What- what?’
carbon buckyballs and other degree-level information) and his chemistry teacher couldn't stop him anyway.
‘Irene’s a lesbian, Janine’s out cos I don’t like girls, Mike is my oldest friend and John is the hottest.’ Sherlock lifted his head, grinning drunkenly at the girls. ‘Ergo,
‘It’s just the fact that- that it wasn’t the entire family that told us.’ Jenny sobbed. ‘I bet it was that stupid woman’s idea to just send out Prince Edward. Poor thing's barely twenty-six.'
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. ‘Chemistry. I suppose. They’re all boring, I haven’t done anything as trivial as school in years.’
‘Sherlock,’ Sherlock said, looking up at the older man. ‘Sherlock Holmes.’
John nodded thoughtfully and stuck the spoon into Rosie’s mouth (Rosie smiled happily). ‘I see.’
Jenny laughed. ‘You’re welcome back whenever you want.’
The moment he had righted his expression, Sherlock said, ‘no, Mycroft. Harry comes onto the balcony.’
John waited a moment, not trusting himself to speak, before saying hoarsely, ‘And I don't want to leave. God, Sherlock, I don’t.’ He paused. ‘But I have to.’
‘I wouldn’t expect you too.’ Sherlock replied coldly, though he almost trembled as the soldier advanced. ‘In what way have I proved myself as anything but your equal?’
‘What’s so special about Mycroft? Why does he live with you?’ Victor asked curiously. Sherlock sighed. ‘You know Mycroft was bought to the palace when he was six, just before I was born?’
Irene grabbed John’s hand, pulling him away. ‘He’s not a man,’ she said as they walked off, but Sherlock wasn't listening. Instead, the boy had pulled his head towards him and was whispering in his ear, Sherlock grinning broadly, and John knew the image would be forever branded in his mind.
He kneeled as the cameras flashed, stood, and sat in his throne. It was uncomfortable and the back meant he had to sit up perfectly straight. To his right, he caught sight of the most important members of the royal family in the Royal Box; Morag had made a plan of who should go in it, including the most important guests, and Sherlock had instantly re-written it. The President of somewhere that Sherlock hadn't bothered to remember (
Sherlock pouted and redid the button up. Sex was pointless, of course, another malfunction of his transport, but Sherlock actually liked it. His mind was at its best post-orgasm and it was also good for keeping up appearances; if the servants saw Irene sneaking out of his room at three in the morning they wouldn’t think their King was a freak who had no interest in sexual matters.
‘Yeah, but in the family only you and Charlie are right-handed!’ Christopher protested. ‘That’s only forty percent!’
He smiles, nods and watches her walk away, the mother of his son, the only woman he has or will ever want, and wonders how long it will be before the memory of that devastatingly beautiful smile is too painful for him to ever recall.
‘Who needs exams when you’re going to be a dominatrix?’ Irene teased. ‘Revising is boring, Sherlock. Come over on Saturday. I can teach you a thing or two-‘
John.'
He was clever, he was funny. He was brilliant, he was modest and he had the potential to be the best King in the history of the world. John could see that as clear as day, and he was sure that almost everybody else who knew him could as well.
Harry muttered something under her breath, still smiling evilly, and Jenny shot her an angry glare. ‘Text me, John, so I know you’re alright. You’re welcome to stay out for as long as you want.’ Sherlock suspected that Jenny Watson didn't usually say this to John, who’s eyebrows had gone all the way up, but for once he didn't mind the special treatment. Anything that meant he had more time with John, really.
Lila shrugged. ‘Sure.’ When John looked aghast, she burst out laughing and punched him (none too gently, either) on the left arm. ‘Joking, John. I’m honoured, although you didn’t need to do that- I’ve loved this whole experience. And August needs his weekly dose of Rosie.’
He’s injured, he’s alone and there’s no way to get those thrills that John
‘And you.’ She was smirking, eyebrows raised suggestively. ‘Have fun with my brother, Sherlock.’
Sherlock nodded determinedly. ‘You’re right, Rosie. I need to man-up.’ When Rosie looked offended, he hastily added, ‘I meant- human up. I’ll do it today. I promise.’
a distraction. ‘Fine. Hamish. Come with me. I’ll speak up for you, if you get in trouble.’ He didn’t say how he would do it, but he didn’t need to- the waiter, Hamish, clearly believed him.
‘It was Jim.’
Irene, with swollen lips and ruffled hair, looked half disgusted and half impressed as she stared at the half-naked John and mussed-up Sherlock. ‘I’m not sure
‘I’m surprised,’ Irene says, voice as calm and collected as always. ‘Why do you want to marry me, Mr Holmes? Do you love me?’
‘Ask me properly,’ John whispered. Sherlock cleared his throat and gazed at his boyfriend, partner, best friend, doctor, blogger and was overwhelmed with an emotion he had come to accept, because he only experienced it around the one person who truly loved him, truly understood him and truly accepted him.
‘They were both in a horrible mood afterwards because their team had lost,’ Sherlock griped. ‘But at least it gets Archie-‘
‘Do you remember, Sherlock, when I told you that I would kill everybody that you love?’
John’s mouth fell open. ‘My friends-‘
‘Shut up, smart arse.’ John smiled. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him close; Sherlock resisted momentarily (had they ever hugged before?) before relaxing, tucking his head in the crook of John’s neck. ‘I’ll never shut up,’ he said, voice muffled.
‘In the flesh,’ he smiled.
And Mycroft was gone.
His ballet was his best, but his ballroom and tap and even hip-hop were almost flawless as well.
‘Ngng, Sherlock…’ John groaned as Sherlock licked around the head, still looking up at John with those huge eyes, the same colour as the ocean, blinking innocently. ‘Want to come, John?’
Sherlock smiled, softly and sorrowfully, and then he stood up and left his flat, and their life, without a backwards glance.
AND JIM IS THE MOST SUCCESSFUL CRIMINAL MASTERMIND IN THE WORLD-‘
Nothing but John.
‘Ish.’
James didn’t move, watching Sherlock as he frantically pulled on his black shirt and slacks, slipping his feet into his shoes. It was only as Sherlock put his hand on the door handle that James said in the same flat tone as John, ‘if you leave now, Sherlock, you’re choosing him.’
the time, but John was generous). It came from being the richest, most pampered, most important child in the kingdom and probably the world, and John understood that, but it didn’t mean it wasn’t bloody annoying most of the time.
John raised an eyebrow. ‘I didn’t take you for someone who liked philosophy,’ he said, struggling to keep a straight face. ‘Aren’t you all into, um, the government?’
The Eye massacre occurred to John as he sat next to his mum while the pre-announcement activities were being broadcasted on every single channel but he ignored it. He didn't want to start anything now.
David Nathaniel, the baby of the family, instantly guesses what’s going on. John finds this odd, because he’s only eight, but doesn't contradict him: instead the two sit, side-by-side on the sofa, and talk. John tells him about the old days, about Sherlock, about Nathaniel and about love, and he tells David that he shouldn't be sad because John’s had a long life and it’s time to go to sleep, now. Finally,
Sherlock stepped away from the roof, looking straight at John.
Silence.
John just stared at him, stared at this broken boy, and this broken boy stared back, eyes wide and bottom lip trembling as he begged John to accept him, and begged John to forgive him.
John bit his lip and looked at the floor.
he wished it had been.
‘Technically,’ Mycroft drawled from the corner, ‘either polo or ballet are the sport of our current King.’
John relaxed slightly and sighed, looking out into the city. ‘I don’t know why I came. I guess I just- I had to see you again.’
that Sherlock could just smile and gently pick him up.
John’s father walked in and sat next to his son. ‘Turn it on, John,’ he commanded, reaching for the popcorn John had in his lap.
Sherlock talked about a little boy who had been told by his father's advisor, just a few weeks after the death of his mother, that he was getting a nanny. The advisor had been delighted, because she had always hated it that his mother had refused nannies and bought him up solely alone. Now she was dead, and Morag could do what she wanted.
His own child. A proper commitment to John, something that tied them together, a son or a daughter for them both. Sherlock had refused marriage, refused a civil partnership, refused to share a bank account, refused pretty much everything that tied them together legally, and it was absolutely
And suddenly all the colour drained out of her face.
Mike’s mouth dropped open. ‘John?’ He gasped.
‘And I like you.’ Sherlock continued. ‘Which is strange, because I like nobody. I tolerate some, like my brother, and I feel affection towards some, like my nanny/housekeeper, but I like no one.’
Sherlock sighed and stroked John’s hand gently. ‘But they will, John. I can’t keep being seen out with you, not the way we are. We look far too…’
Someone in the crowd cheered, though the sound quickly died in the silence. John felt himself relax slightly; someone was taking it well.
He wanted to pull away, he truly did, because he loved John, but he still loved James, of course he did, and that was what stopped him from pulling away like any decent human being. James was intoxicating, like the heroin he had been addicted to for the entire year he and James had been…together? In a relationship? Sherlock didn’t know and Sherlock didn't care anymore. All he knew, now was that his boyfriend could walk in at any time and he was kissing the boy who had caused the deaths of ninety-three people, probably more, hurt his family, hurt him, and he was loving it.
‘What the hell am I meant to say to that?’ Sherlock groaned, hiding his face in his hands. Mycroft shrugged awkwardly and smiled. ‘I know we don’t often discuss feelings such as this, Sherlock, but you must agree with me. Especially since Sherrinford…left.’
‘Fuck, Sherlock, what is your
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and shook his head. ‘Irene, although you are of above average intelligence, I doubt you could teach me anything that I am required to know in my six A levels of Chemistry, Physics, Maths, Further Maths, English and History. The only A level that you take that I do not is psychology and the probability of me ever having to know anything about that is relatively low- you were talking about sleeping with me, weren't you.’
He may claim that they were loud, and smelly, and annoying, and pointless, and boring, and anything that was half Mycroft was in no way acceptable to him, but he had a secret picture in his wallet of his brother, brother-in-law and his nephew and niece that he often looked at when he felt sad. Mycroft, holding his son on the steps of the hospital, was beaming, while Lestrade, staring down at his daughter, just looked incredibly overwhelmed, yet happy.
And John was laughing, leaning against the wall and thumping it with his left hand. ‘Christ, you have no idea how much I’ve missed you.’
As Sherlock hugged his grandmother he realised that Morag was in the entrance hall, glaring at him (as usual). As Sherlock let her go, Morag stormed towards them and said loudly, ‘apologies for the state of dress William is in, your majesty. He was instructed to be here promptly but didn’t listen-‘
‘Is Lestrade at your house now?’ Sherlock asked brightly. His chemistry was annoying him and he was definitely in the mood to solve a murder. ‘I have some theories for an absolutely delicious shooting that happened last Friday and am eager to have someone to talk to them about with.’
‘Fuck them all.’ Harry snarled. ‘What do they do for us? Did they stop dad getting shot? Did they give the farmers food during the drought? All they do is spend our money, send us to war and occasionally wave from that fucking balcony. I can’t wait for us to go the same way as South Africa and Greece.’
There was no point resisting, not anymore. Sherlock just sat on the bed as John packed his bag. He watched as John put away his Macbook and his blog forever: he watched as John took his files out of the cabinet: he watched as John collected up his plates, his knives, his forks.
Sherlock’s jaw shifted, but he nodded at his brother. ‘Thank you, Mycroft.’ And then, with a small bow at his niece and nephew, he was gone.
As he gently removes the stolen memory stick from his pocket, he remembers what John said to him, earlier in the week.
He was instantly swarmed.
‘You call him Mycroft?’ John said, feeling slightly dazed. Sherlock nodded. ‘Of course- oh yes. He’s commonly referred to as Edward? He hates that. He hates the name Edward. I breakfasted with him this morning, and I read this hilarious article in which they referred to us as ‘Prince Sherlock, Prince Georgie and Prince Teddy.’ Oh, it made me laugh. Prince Teddy.’ Sherlock snorted with laughter and his whole face brightened up, and John couldn't help but think how much better he looked like that.
John glared at the boy, suddenly sour. ‘I don’t think that’s any of your business, sonny boy.’
John chose go.
that he loves for. It’s best when they catch him: John often comes home bruised and bloody, but
‘Are you saying you want me to call you Sher?’ Mycroft grinned as they began down the Gold Staircase. ‘Or Sherly- that really shouts nickname.’
‘She’s in labour.’ Sherlock finally snapped out of it, looking around the room wildly. ‘Fuck. Don’t you think they’re a bit early, John? It’s only thirty-seven weeks. Ok. John, we need to go, we don’t have much time.’
so John lay on his mattress, staring at the ceiling, and cried as he had done every night since his dad left.
‘Yeah.’ John said, looking down. ‘I know.’
Sherlock’s arms snaked around his father and he buried his head against his neck. ‘Thank you, dad,’ he muttered, voice trembling.
It’s on a table. A note, written by Mary, with the words,
‘Yes…’ John said, feeling nervous. Janine clapped her hands together. ‘Do that with Sherlock.’
Sherlock tensed at the nickname. ‘I- I got bored. I wandered.’
Sherlock was in seventh heaven at this point, barely able to process John’s words, or the skull tipping precariously to the floor, or even John’s daughter, screaming in her high chair-
he’s going to text it to everybody at Scotland Yard, your brother, God knows who else,
God, he hoped so.
in four days-‘
Sherlock, who was now hitting his head repeatedly against the closed metal doors, said loudly, ‘Mycroft. Doesn’t matter. John. I
he’s going to have people taking pictures of it,
Sherlock laughed and shifted his weight, leaning into Hamish. ‘You’d better not.’
John Watson has known this for as long as he can remember. His earliest memory is of him climbing up on his bedroom windowsill and trying to jump out (his mother, who is walking past, screams and takes him down. His windows are always closed after that) and his childhood revolves around activities that inspire that rush of adrenalin: Rugby, Judo, Paintball- John has done them all by his tenth birthday. The bigger the adrenalin rush the better, and John will do almost anything to experience the thrill that runs through him when he is in danger.
‘True,’ Mycroft conceded, ‘but watch yourself. I’m not having my sons around someone who mocks me in front of them.’
‘You’re insane!’ Sherlock shouted, standing up and advancing on her. ‘
No one could prove the rumours, though, and no one dared to speak out publicly against the beloved prince, but John decided to re-watch the statement that King William had given two days after the massacre. And this time…
Sherlock turned around, opening his arms and trying hard to forget his horrible mood. ‘Right. So, what shall we do? I can order dinner at any time-‘
groaned. ‘Right.’ He untangled himself from the other man, doing up his trousers, frowning at the sticky white ejaculate all over them, and sighed. ‘You’re going to get me fired.’
Sherlock sighed, squared his shoulders and looked his brother directly in the eye. ‘I concur.’
‘Yes.’ Sherlock agreed, sprawled out on the floor, examining the heart from the model. ‘He is, I suppose.’
It was inevitable, John thought giddily, as he leaned forwards and touched his lips to Sherlock’s. They’d been waiting for it for the last month, waiting for this moment, and it was
‘John, my brother.’ Harry looked around the room: the conversations had restarted, and John felt slightly less uncomfortable. ‘I’m fourteen, he’s twelve.’
All that Sherlock could think of was his body, James’ body, the pain, the heat, the pleasure.
John watched as Sherlock spread his arms; Jim was smiling again, though it was more twisted and John was thinking frantically,
‘You don't have to say it back,’ Sherlock said frantically. ‘I just-‘
at Sherlock and looked away provocatively.
Jim hadn't seemed to mind; he had kept himself occupied with Sebby Moran, a national shooting champion with an IQ of about 90 and a height of about six foot five who had become almost devoted to Jim in the five years since he had started at their school. He was in the year below, so Sherlock rarely saw him and Jim together, but Irene had confirmed that Sebby was smitten and even Jim seemed more than impartial-
It was strange to think, but it was the truth. John really liked Sherlock and he thought Sherlock really liked him, and he hoped, hoped,
‘Too James.’
Richard shuddered, sticking his tongue out at Irene, as he stuck out his hand. ‘Dick.’
being.
Jenny, however, thought it would be good for him to socialise and make new friends, so he went traipsing after Harry, who was incredibly excited. Both of the Watson children were incredibly sociable and well-liked, but John just wasn't feeling it. Their father had left less than two months before and this trip had meant to be for all four of them, and although he knew it was bad John couldn't help but imagine what his father would be doing if he was here. He wouldn't make John go to the teen club, he would think it was stupid and let John stay with him, letting him have sips of his beer and playing table tennis-
John listened and John followed, breathing deeply, focusing on the words, letting them wash over him, keeping his head above the water that had threatened to drown him. He’d soon calmed down enough to talk, and he gripped Sherlock close as he gasped, ‘I’m sorry.’
Ten minutes later, John was in Greg and Mycroft’s quarters with his niece and nephew. The twins were just over a year old and, in John’s opinion, even more adorable than they had been before. Xander’s big brown eyes and mournful smile, so like Mycroft’s, melted him, whilst Talia’s giggles and soft ginger hair made his heart ache.
Sherlock looked at Jack properly for the first time in ages. The chauffer was only five years older than him but looked a hell of a lot more tired and beaten-down. Sherlock knew he had two jobs; as well as being Sherlock’s chauffer he was a personal trainer, and it showed, but as Jack talked about his wife…his eyes lit up, a smile appeared on his chapped lips, and he looked truly and completely content.
‘Now, Mycroft, if you’re going to spy on Sherlock you have to be more subtle,’ Mrs Holmes said, ‘and Sherlock, if you’re going to have one night stands with Irene Adler then you should tell her not to put it on twitter. And tag you.’
‘Oh, shit.’
‘I honestly didn't think he had it in him,’ Irene said, shaking her head in amazement. ‘But drink makes you confident. Anyway, John, I thought you weren't gay.’
Sherlock takes John’s hands. ‘John. I am going to be completely honest with you, more honest than I have ever been in my life before. Are you listening?’ John nods. ‘I have debated scientific theory with Isaac Newton. I am credited with co-writing sonnet 116 with William Shakespeare (he liked to be called Will, though). I was present when Guido Fawkes was caught in Parliament in 1605. I danced with Marie Antoinette in Versailles, and I sang a duet with Queen Victoria. My son and I played tennis with Tsar Nicholas II and his daughter, I was in Germany when it was taken by the Russians, and I played bridge with Winston Churchill at Chartwell house every Friday for ten years.’ He pauses, and looks John directly in the eye. ‘And, most importantly, I met a man named John Watson. I took him out, I made love to him, I laughed with him and- and I loved him. Out of all these people I have known, you, John Watson, are the only person I have ever loved, and you are therefore the most important person who has ever existed.’ He stops again, and looks in concern at John. ‘Please, please say something-‘
The crowd were still silent. Sherlock closed his eyes, stepped slightly away from the microphone and took John’s hand.
Sherlock nodded, closing his eyes, and John’s heart contracted with love for the man he would follow to the ends of the Earth. ‘I love you.’
As if by magic, Mike appeared, wearing a stupid shirt and with a shot glass in his left hand. ‘Johnny! The others! You came!’
He’ll spend the day with Sherlock, fuck him at a crime scene, and then go home, bathe his daughter and have sex with Mary. He knows he’s lucky, just as he knows that his luck will run out, but that doesn't matter to him because at the moment everything is perfectly balanced, and John will enjoy that.
The moment the door was closed, the pretty girl said loudly, ‘Your boyfriend is a prick.’
good.’
‘Dante James Watson-Holmes,’ Sherlock groaned as he picked up the picture of Irene and Violet; the glass was cracked across the screen. It had been taken two summers previously, when Irene, Benedict and Grace had come with John, Sherlock and their kids to Portugal for two weeks following Irene and Molly’s separation. Irene hadn't mentioned it once and had seemed her usual self; in fact, she still refused to mention it. No one was totally sure why they’d broken up, thought Sherlock had his suspicions.
Sherlock settled down on the sofa, adjusted his shirt and plonked Rosie on his stomach. Rosie stuck her finger in her mouth and looked at him intelligently (‘That’s the Mary,’ Sherlock would always say, and John would laugh). Sherlock sighed. ‘Rosie. I think it’s time.’
They entered the village together. John decided to take charge once they reached the centre, turning around and yelling at them to
, love and surprise and joy all interwoven in his voice, and then he knows
‘Ok,’ Sherlock gasped, nodding as he ripped of the tie. ‘Right, ok.’
‘Gregory’s very into Buddhism at the moment,’ Mycroft said, looking ashamed. ‘He was working a case with a buddhist couple-‘
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock said. John looked at him in surprise; Sherlock hadn’t said a word since the roof, but now he was talking to Mycroft. He couldn’t pretend that didn’t hurt a little. ‘Thank you.’
Mrs Watson was still talking. ‘So, Sherlock, what’s your favourite subject, at school?’
Sherlock’s mouth was fixed in a thin white line. His skin was even paler than usual, and his hands were holding the phone so tightly that John could see the vivid blue tendons clearly against the stretched-out skin. ‘Sherlock-‘
Greg nodded, sighing. ‘I was eleven. It was everywhere for weeks, well over two months, all over the world. Endless pictures of the various members of the royal family, endless discussions on how it happened. Half the security officials at the palace were fired. There weren’t any pictures of Sherlock or Myc, though. Not until right at the end. Mycroft was a few months older than me, and I remember just thinking,
‘Don’t exist,’ John interrupted, still looking at Sherlock. ‘I promise, love. She was telling the truth.’
Sherlock had chosen good, because that’s what John would have wanted, and he knew that was messed up considering he was never going to see John Watson again, and John had hurt him and he had hurt John but he
It was completely dark; the curtains had been closed, the lights were switched off and the doors leading to the rest of his flat were closed. Sherlock squinted in the darkness, eyes flicking past the empty chairs, the switched-off television and the open wardrobe before finally stopping on the bed.
‘I will.’ Molly finally made eye contact with him, eyes shining. ‘I swear, you will never be without.’
He could see it clearly. Him and James made his empire more than the most powerful country in the world; they made it invincible. They ruled the whole world, taking over every single power until there were none left. With James, he would never be bored. With James, he would be all-powerful.
Sherlock eagerly ripped off the paper, before withdrawing the present and looking confused. ‘What the hell is this?’
and number one,
he replies.
‘I,’ she had said, her voice incredibly posh and incredibly sexy, ‘am Lady Irene Penelope Adler of Belgravia. I'm here because I'm reformed, and I'm going to teach you to be a good little royal.’ From the glint in her eye, Sherlock could tell straightaway that there was no way she was reformed, that it was just a huge front, that she was exactly the same as she had always been and having her in the palace would be
‘Well I don't fucking now then, do I?’ Sherlock looked up, shocked at Lestrade’s curse. ‘
‘Allons-y’ - Let’s go
Sherlock smiled as well. ‘Thank you. As I was saying, I proposed to John earlier this year, and we are planning on being married in the summer of next year.’
William nodded and turned to Sherlock. ‘Sherlock, come here.’
‘Yes.’ Sherlock said sarcastically, stretching out his arms as Irene
Someone sat down next to him. John sniffed, wiped his nose, and then turned fiercely towards whoever it was.
‘It’s just the fact that- that it wasn’t the entire familythat told us.’ Jenny sobbed. ‘I bet it was that stupid woman’s idea.’
Both of them stopped immediately, Sherlock looking grumpy and Mycroft looking sullen. ‘Sorry, Mummy,’ they parroted in unison.
he says proudly, and John says it back because he does love him, he loves them all.
‘Tell me about them,’ he whispers, and Sherlock takes his hand and does. He tells John about James, about how perfect they seemed to be for each other, how they relied on each other, and then how it broke down to the point where Sherlock literally had to flee to be free. He tells John about Victor, about their ten short years together, about how sweet and kind and beautiful the younger man had been, about his brutal murder at the hands of James Moriarty, a man who had (and would) never forgive Sherlock for what he’d done to him. He tells him about Irene Adler, their frantic love-making in the bathroom at Oscar Wilde’s birthday party in 1884, her pale, frightened face when she turned up at his door, heavily pregnant, eight months later, the birth of his son and a life spent together. He shows John the picture in the locket he always wears, the picture of Irene, one of the great loves of his life. And then he finishes the story of his life, pauses, and waits.
‘You’ll just kill me,’ Sherlock said, eyes on the gun. Morag laughed. ‘Of course I will. But if you do this, I won’t kill John.’
be seeing you later.’
Irene finally turned away from the screen and looked at Sherlock. ‘He’s certainly got a bee in his bonnet,’ she smirked.
‘No.’ John said, eyes tightening. ‘Don’t say it.’
‘The King is dead.’ Mycroft finished. ‘Long live the King.’
‘What do you mean?’ John repeated, slightly curious. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. ‘You’re awfully slow today, John! Did you honestly think Mycroft was the only illegitimate child my father had?’
The other Watsons were frowning, staring at the screen. ‘Where’s the King?’ Harry sounded confused. ‘Where’s Sherlock, and the others?’
And yet here he was, Sherlock realised. When Sherlock reviewed this in his head later, he would be embarrassed and ask himself over and over why he liked it so much, but for now…
Mr Watson stood and excused himself. Harry was still slumped on the sofa, eyes fixed on Sherlock.
All he could see was that girl.
On a cold night in January,, as they’re curled up on the sofa together, Sherlock whispers that he wants John to move back in with him. He wants John to leave his wife and come back to Baker Street.
Lots of things hurt John. It hurt when he and Sherlock were apart. It hurt, to see Sherlock’s father making homophobic jokes. It hurt, to see Sherlock accept them, laughing, pain evident in his eyes.
He builds up a reputation as a player, going from girl to girl to girl. He isn't looking for love, isn't looking for a girlfriend (truthfully, he doesn't think he has the emotional capacity for either) and targets girls in unhappy relationships with older boys. The idea that he is screwing these boys over, that he is responsible for the broken look on their faces when they find out just adds to the rush and John does it more and more. He’s addicted but he doesn't care, because the feeling is the best thing in his life and, he suspects, it always will be.
’ The old man pressed a finger to his lips aggressively, and John raised an eyebrow at the quick laugh from behind the counter. ‘Cash if you’re not a student, teacher or Fellow.’
And maybe, Sherlock thinks giddily, for John Watson, that has always been Sherlock Holmes.
John laughed and the sound warmed Sherlock’s heart. He’d often thought about all the things he’d do to make John Watson laugh; almost, if not, everything. Anything, everything, whatever it took. ‘Is there a murder to solve at the moment, Sher?’
Indeed, the illegitimate children of King William Henry Siger Richard were retreating, sending a last wave at the crowd. John leaned forwards as he spotted a shadow behind the curtain; it was twitching.
or even
John nodded in acknowledgment. ‘Yeah, Mike does like you.’
There was screaming. There was shouting. But most of all, there was cheering, and John was smiling, laughing even, and Mycroft looked incredibly relieved and Harry was clapping and Sherlock was beaming, beaming down at his subjects as they screamed their assent, as they screamed their support, as the shouts of ‘Johnlock’ filled the air. He turned to John and grinned wolfishly, tilting his head to one side and letting go of his hand.
Then, a man walked into his lab, and Sherlock was gone.
John Watson is too late, and Sherlock will never know.
The waiter smiled out of one corner of his mouth and bit his lip. ‘I’m on duty, and you’re a dick.’
John glanced at Sherlock, and as he looked at the pale face made paler still by the moonlight, the blue eyes closed with long, thick lashes curling
‘Don’t be smart.’ She shoots him a devastatingly beautiful smile, before turning away. ‘That’s what I do. Now, I am going to put Felix to bed, and you are going to finish hanging this dratted photograph.’
‘Obviously,’ Sherlock drawled, clearly not listening properly. Mycroft closed his eyes, sighed heavily through his nose, and looked at John instead. ‘You inform the crowds, you apologise for keeping the secret but make no references to being ashamed or regretting it. John, you say nothing.’
more than he’d ever liked John, even if everybody else could see the boy was a prick. Not that John could judge- he’d treated Sherlock awfully and now he was dealing with the consequences.
The chauffer had told the cook, and the cook told everyone else.
he muttered as he scanned the shelf. ‘Think they own the whole
The image was instantly projected onto the screens surrounding the courtyard; the resulting gasp was ridiculously loud. John swallowed hard but remained stock-still, staring ahead.
John opened the back door and walked, bare-footed, onto the muddy grass. It had been raining all morning; a light drizzle continued.
Sherlock patted him on the shoulder and smiled quickly. ‘The advice was fault proof, Jack. It won’t fail. You are a relationship genie.’
‘Have you ever done this before?’ Sherlock could barely manage to get the words out. John wasn’t surprised; the younger boy was rock hard, a pearly drop of precome dripping from his slit.
‘We don’t need a parade to be us, Sher.’
Lestrade hesitated then turned back to Sherlock. ‘Fair enough. Sher, maybe you should just let My take you.’
Sherlock smirked and Mycroft frowned; clearly John had got it wrong. ‘It’s irrelevant,’ Mycroft snapped, attention back on Sherlock. ‘The plan is Reichenbach, and for it to go off without a hitch I need you and John to follow it exactly.’
John was sitting on his secluded bench, by the duck pond by his College, deep in thought. Sherlock had been on his mind more than he had liked, and he was a little surprised that the boy hadn’t come and found him before. Sherlock had planted the money, surely that meant he wanted to see John again, but he hadn’t come looking and John was starting to wonder if maybe he’d just forgotten to give it to Sherlock. Had he? He couldn’t even remember anymore.
John had been at home on a cold February evening, enjoying a quiet supper with his parents, when the doorbell had rung. Harry had got up (ungraciously) and gone to the door. John had heard her asking in a sulky tone who it was and rolled his eyes at her mother: Harry’s bad manners always made him laugh.
John leaned forward, smiling back. ‘Is that so? Because, as I remember it, you don't listen to
‘Um.’ Molly looked sideways at Irene and blushed deeply. ‘Um-‘
Now, a boy was draped over the sofa: another boy was lying, prone, on the floor: and an incredibly attractive girl was sitting cross-legged in an armchair, watching Sherlock with interest.
John stood up stiffly, and Sherlock followed suit, walking around the table until they were about a foot away from each other, eyes fixed, hands clenched, hearts pounding.
That jolt of electricity, that same feeling that Sherlock had almost forgotten, sparking through his body as he kissed John Watson, and a feeling of peace and love and happiness and comfort flooded his brain, shutting everything down until all Sherlock could see and feel and want was John, just John, nobody but John, and he kissed him, on the roof, as the stars shone above and the lights burned below, and Sherlock couldn't help but wonder if this was reality or just a perfect, perfect dream, because he had John in his arms and the stars above him and the lights of London shining below and if there had ever been a moment where Sherlock felt completely and utterly happy it was
‘You will,’ Morag spat. ‘We have a plan, Jim and I. If you don’t kill yourself, Sherlock, we’ll kill John.’
‘I never lied.’ Sherlock shouted back, the emotions from seeing James again and the fact that John looked so, so angry causing him to be reckless, and Sherlock knew that he would regret it because right then he didn't care, because everything had been ruined and at the moment did he really have anything to lose? ‘I avoided the truth-‘
The image of Sherlock’s smiling face appeared in front of John’s eyes. John quickly wiped it from his memory; he couldn’t think of Sherlock.
Sherlock puffed up with pride and turned to look in the mirror. He had (finally) stopped growing about a year previously and had been left dead on six foot, one inch smaller than Mycroft, one inch taller than his father. Four inches taller than James, ten inches taller than Irene, six inches taller than John-
This was it.
Molly’s hands stilled over the keypad. ‘What-‘
Sherlock swallowed hard. ‘I-I-I…’ he thanked God that James hadn’t said anything yet; there was no way John would be this calm if he had.
They’d found out.
members of society to the Daily Mail.’
And Victor is
John laughed, delighted. ‘Brilliant! What are yours?’
Just like John.
‘I was beginning to think you wouldn't turn up,’ John breathed, and Sherlock’s heart ached with love. ‘I had to get ready,’ he whispered. ‘It took a surprisingly long time.’
‘How could you?’ Sherlock whispered. He was crying again, clearly thinking about his mother and even John was no longer dry-eyed. He wanted nothing more than to go up to his husband and kiss him, say sorry, hug him and kill that bitch, kill Morag-
‘And the older one,’ Nathaniel interrupts, ‘is going to be John Hamish Watson-Holmes. Well. We’ll call him Jack, so we don’t get confused, but John is his name.’
‘We can stop, Sherlock.’ James murmured, and Sherlock knew that Jim was being truthful, that he really would stop, and Sherlock allowed himself to remember how he felt about Jim for the first time in years and he loved it, oh, he loved it, and he loved Jim, who was leaning over him on the bed, his dark hair falling in front of his eyes and his eyes, which had seemed almost dead to Sherlock fifteen minutes ago, filled with the sort of light you got when you turned a light on at the bottom of the ocean to see all the weird, wonderful and awful creatures that hid in the darkness.
There was no need to make it official. There was no need: John knew that Sherlock was his, Sherlock knew that John was his, and it was obvious to everyone around them that they belonged to each other. They always had done, really, because if anybody in the world were soulmates it was Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
Jenny didn’t even respond to her daughter. Instead, she met John’s gaze before collapsing into a fresh round of tears.
‘You lie,’ Sherlock scoffed. ‘John will easily be able to read these. I’ll give them to him at school tomorrow-‘
He also called Mrs Hudson, who had been his nanny for most of his life. He had asked if he could stay with her, but she was currently in the North nursing her frail sister, and likely wouldn’t be back until after Sherlock which was incredibly inconvenient, but unavoidable.
John froze, a single step away from the corner that would expose him to the waiting room, and the man and girl he knew were sitting there. A voice, his daughter’s, warm and full of sleep, came next. ‘Dad? What time is it?’
Please leave kudos and comment :)
‘I haven’t heard from him in almost two years,’ Sherlock murmured, trying not to look as if he cared: he’d spent long enough trying to convince himself that he didn’t care, after all. ‘Is he…alright?’
Sherlock-and-John, John-and-Sherlock.
‘Lila’s in labour,’ he choked out, and John’s vision narrowed. ‘I’m- what?’
Sherlock and Lestrade had been acquaintances since before Sherlock had met James: the Detective often supplied him with case files and let him onto crime scenes, as long as Sherlock was accompanied by about a billion massive bodyguards, but anyone who fancied Mycroft was, in his book, clearly insane.
was spying on him, though he wasn't shocked, not after Irene.
‘He’s stupid,’ James took a step closer. He was so close to Sherlock that he could feel the Irish boy’s breathe on his face. ‘He doesn’t understand you, Sherlock. Not like I do. He never will, you realise that, don’t you? Only I understand you, Sherlock. We’re the same, you and me. Don’t you remember how happy we were? You didn’t have to pretend to be better than you are with me. I will never, ever ask you to do that. You didn’t have to hide anything, not with me. We were happy-‘
‘But not the others?’ John asked. Sherlock shook his head. ‘Morag won’t let them anywhere near the castle. But when my father dies, I’m going to summon them when we do the balcony speech, and everyone can see what exactly goes on behind the scenes of our lives.’
‘Sherlock’s mum didn’t have a nanny,’ John said absent-mindedly. He didn’t like thinking about what Sherlock had told him that night in Afghanistan; the thought of a lonely, abused little boy with no one to help him made John’s fists clench.
‘I’m not angry,’ Sherlock denied, though just the thought of John with Mary was like a knife in his heart (
Then he noticed the person standing next to Mycroft, and his silent heart stuttered back to life with a jolt that made him gasp.
‘It’s not my fault I don’t have a vagina.’ Sherlock whined, mostly joking. Irene rolled her eyes and went back to typing on her laptop. ‘It’s not my fault I don’t have a penis,’ she shot back.
‘God, Sherlock, nobody’s touched this pretty little hole since me, have they?’ James said. Although he still sounded composed his breathing was ragged and his eyes glinted with lust, and Sherlock knew that he was the only one who could do this to James Moriarty and even now, over two and a half years later, he loved it.
John turned sharply, wondering if he had said it out loud. The boy who’d said it smiled, shaking his head. ‘You didn’t say anything. I just- I understood.’
Morag was staring at him, eyes flickering as she said furiously, ‘I’ve done nothing but good for your father and for your country-‘
‘Actually,’ Sherlock murmured, ‘Irene told me that the whole reason she came to the palace was because she was working with Jim Moriarty and he told her to come and spy on me. She did this for the first two, three years of our acquaintance, sending information back to him. She says she hasn’t in the last two years or so but honestly? I don’t trust her.’
And then they were kissing again, kissing like the sun was about to explode, the universe about to be obliterated, the world about to end, kissing like they were pure oxygen, kissing like they would never kiss again. John had had girlfriends, he’d kissed Mary and Sarah, but nothing compared to kissing Sherlock, not like this, and John knew straight away that no kiss could ever compare to this one, not for the rest of his life-
‘No one will bow with Sherlock in the room,’ Mycroft said sarcastically from the other side of the room. Victor grinned at the older boy cockily; everyone was aware of Mycroft’s great dislike for Victor and his older sister, Janine. He shrugged. ‘True. I’m extremely popular back home, though.’
And then, underneath, in different writing
They hadn’t been dating at the time, but Sherlock still loved it. It was a part of him, now.
'I thought I'd lost you,' Sherlock said, voice cracking, and he dropped his head onto John's bed. 'John, I thought you were
Because he’d been so busy trying to remain in England, he hadn’t actually told anyone that he was going away. This meant that, on the last day before he went away, he had to call/text anyone that might miss him and explain he was leaving for a year.
Sherlock shrugged. ‘I suit it better, and it was always what I was called. And it’s actually William Sherlock Scott. Scott is my father’s middle name.’
This encouraged the flames, which leapt a few more inches out of the oven. Molly dropped the tea towel.
‘Yeah.’ Victor said. It had been a huge scandal, apparently; Mycroft had shown Sherlock the newspaper cuttings. ‘So?’
than just English and French?’
Sherlock looked far too good in that too-large white shirt for John to take it off, so he busied himself kissing Sherlock’s lips, his neck, his forehead, with his hands in his hair (Sherlock’s hair is the longest it’s ever been this summer and John
Sherlock stood up so quickly he got a head rush; once it had subsided he glared at Lestrade, one fist tightening instinctively. ‘How long have you been awake?’
(some people would say his reasoning was bullshit. Sherlock was not one of those people.)
because I like you-'
John was laughing even louder and Sherlock grinned, egged on. ‘Shall we discuss Sport? I believe the sport where the men hit the ball with a long stick and shout for a long time-‘
Sherlock shot a rare smile at his brother as he pulled away. ‘Not your fault, My. It’s an unavoidable part of life, isn’t it?’
Sherlock shook his head. ‘John, you’ve doomed yourself-‘
Sherlock had done a horrible thing with a horrible person. But Sherlock clearly hadn’t been planning to have sex with him; there was obviously some deep history with James Moriarty that John hadn’t even stayed to listen too. Originally, John had thought Sherlock had invited Jim there that day, that he had been planning on having sex with him, that he was having a sordid affair, but when he truly thought about it a week later he realised that he couldn’t have done; Jim had greeted Sherlock like he hadn’t seen him for a long, long time. John had stormed off in the first place, over reacting completely when he found out that Sherlock had had sex before him. Why did that even matter? They had loved each other. Why had John been so bothered by that?
) looked over at him and frowned. ‘Not the weekly address, son. It’s my birthday address. Thank you for the present, by the way,' he added sarcastically.
It’s about halfway through their six week summer holiday. The morning was good (he and Sherlock went jet skiing) and the early afternoon was good (
‘A premier?’ Irene said. She was lounging in Sherlock’s chair, eyes fixed on some new show that she loved (all Sherlock knew was that it was set in prison and extremely lesbian; everytime he looked at the screen women were fucking) that was playing on Sherlock’s television. ‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes, we’re going through the formal announce,’ William said, ‘and no, I can’t change it. Not even for you.’ And then, before Sherlock could protest, William had thrown open the doors.
Sherlock was just as eager as John if not more so, kissing and touching and looking at him, and John remembered how cool he thought Sherlock’s eyes were when he first came to the resort, over three years ago. They’re not cool, he thought giddily as he stared into them, they’re
John cleared his throat. ‘Mycroft sent me to see if you were ok-‘
‘Excellent!’ Sherlock grinned, holding out his arms, as John sighed. 'Sher, he's not even two. Why are you teaching him the periodic table?'
) against his ceramic floor.
‘Uncle John’s angry at me again,’ he confided. ‘He doesn’t like that we can’t be open with our relationship.’
‘You were expected on the balcony at four.’ Sherlock opened his eyes and spun around, glaring at his brother (
‘Hi.’ John replied. The boy’s head was down and John couldn’t see any of his features, which annoyed him. ‘Can I help you?’
‘Thanks, mum!’ John replied cheerfully. Sherlock smiled, nodded at the three woman, and turned-
They were now halfway through year 13, and Mike had moved schools at the end of GCSEs: all the people here were from his new school, his new friends, and John groaned. ‘Why did we promise to come?’
Sherlock opened one of his eyes and fixed a look of the utmost contempt on Irene, who was sitting crosslegged at his desk. ‘That is the stupidest idea you’ve ever had.’
‘Dad, it’s actually gone dark now, and I
‘What the fuck, Harry?’ John burst out, glaring at his sister. ‘What the hell are you doing?’ Sherlock was almost hyperventilating next to him, mostly buried under the covers, and John was furious that she would cause such worry for him. Harry paused, clearly thinking deeply. ‘Basically…I wanted to see if you were doing each other.’
‘Don’t be ashamed,’ Sherlock said earnestly. ‘Many people like our family, God knows why. Mycroft had a woman cut off a lock of his hair when we went to Camden market when he was thirteen.' That had been just before his mother died: she had taken Sherlock and Mycroft unofficially, just to have a look around the place. Sherlock hadn't been allowed outside the palace on unofficial business since that day, though he often journeyed outside without permission. He may have had to conform to everything the royal family stood for, but he was
had he missed him. ‘God, Sher, you look…’
‘Ah!’ Sherlock said, looking incredibly pleased. ‘Guy talk? Let’s see. John, let me take out my cellular device and show you some pornography. Is that guy talk?’
long time. ‘Oh?’ He says, trying very hard not to start crying. ‘Why?’
John pursed his lips. ‘Well. I dunno, we’ll both be busy. You have the shop, I have the eight years of Uni…’
Sherlock nodded and padded softly towards the door, slipping past it without bringing attention to himself. He had never been through the door before; he didn’t usually go into the kitchens so he had had no reason too. It was a narrow hall that ended in a staircase; Sherlock shrugged and began to climb.
He had been so consumed with guilt and rage that he hadn’t even noticed that the door had been opened.
A shiver wracked his body. Sherlock was never scared; Sherlock was one of the bravest people he knew.
Irene was on the other side of the club, chatting up an attractive redhead who was covered with tattoos, so Sherlock sauntered into the middle and started to dance, lost in the writhing bodies. His body was taking him where it wanted to go: he closed his eyes and assumed they would all avoid him, let him do as he wished-
And John was coming, biting the pillow to try and avoid his parents hearing, and Sherlock was still licking his dick, swallowing his come, gently rubbing his sensitive balls as they emptied into his mouth.
Why- how- what-
‘It’s why I have such an issue with Mycroft,’ Sherlock mumbled against John’s lips. ‘Partly because of the whole getting close to people and killing them thing, but also because he didn’t help me. I think he knew about it, and he did nothing, just stayed at boarding school and didn’t mention it, ever. She left after eight, nine months. I don’t know whether she was fired or not-‘
The waiter nodded at the top table (Sherlock noticed how blond his hair was: so light it seemed golden, even in the dimmed light of the hall) and rolled his eyes. ‘God, he was pedantic about the menu.
‘More upset,’ Mrs Hudson sniffed. ‘Refused to let me into your quarters. You boys will be the death of me.’
‘No, John. It’s not your fault.’ Sherlock turned over so he and John were facing, faces inches apart. ‘You didn’t sign up for this. God knows why you stay with me.’
‘Sherlock…’
It’s been perfect, the last two years, but Sherlock needs to tell him the truth. He is an
John froze. He very slowly looked through the crack in the side of the door.
Sherlock heard a sigh and smirked. He rarely managed to provoke his brother into a verbal reaction, and it always felt like a minor victory when he did. Why he had such an urge to annoy Mycroft…that was something Sherlock could not answer.
Forgotten in her high chair, Rosie banged the shelf with her fist. For once, neither men looked down at her.
John laughed and looked down. ‘Sorry. Anything involving vaginas is-
Sherlock feigned innocence, batting his eyelashes innocently. ‘Why would you think that? That was clearly what you hinted-‘
John lost it. ‘Are you insane?’ He screamed. ‘You’re asking me if I’m having a secret relationship with the King of the biggest empire on the planet whilst our comrade lies dying? I’m a medic, Becca, let me go and do my job!’ He jumped up and tore his arm from her grip, and even though he knew it was most likely suicide, even though he knew that it was stupid as hell, he sprinted towards Hunter.
Sherlock, using a tape recorder he had bought on the internet, had once recorded the cheering after an official announcement, before using a machine invented by some Nobel prize winner to calculate which cheer was the loudest. William always got a loud cheer, as did Archie; Trisha’s was the quietest, Mycroft’s varied. Any extended family members had the lowest cheers, whilst Sherlock’s had always been the highest by several decibels.
‘Not a vegetable.’ At least, Sherlock assumed not. ‘My go. Am I…human?’
One of the cameramen coughed and tapped his watch. Sherlock shook his head, clearing it, and rolled his eyes, stepping forwards, shooting an envious look at Mycroft, who was skulking at the back. He wished he was allowed to hide behind everyone else, but alas.
He smiled at her.
John shuddered at the memory. ‘I thought we said we’d never talk about that again, Sherlock.’
‘Est-il amusant, sucer la bite de mon frère, ou est trop gros pour être confortable?’ - is it fun, sucking my brother’s cock, or is it too fat for you to be comfortable?
Sherlock waved an arm dismissively. ‘Irrelevant. Didn’t know her name.’ He pulled his tie and glared uncomfortably at the top table. ‘Is this nearly over? And why am
They’re stuck in a timeless moment, Sherlock’s hand against John’s cheek, standing so closely together that Sherlock can almost imagine that John can hear his racing heart.  And he knows it’s much, much too soon, he knows that John still loves Mary, he knows that John is a widower with an infant and he’s broken, but it feels like the moment his whole life has burnt to. He’s at the end of the matchstick, the last lick of fire eating the wood, and John Watson has eyes that hold the universe.
‘Auntie Irene?’ Tavvy looked even more put out. ‘But she likes girls!’
‘So…’ John fiddled with the spoon. ‘I- I mean. Um. Right. Shall- d’you want to kiss me?’
Somewhere out back, someone yelled, ‘SHERLOCK!’
His father’s advisor had walked in on them having sex; it was the most embarrassing moment of Sherlock’s life. It was not only gay, but it was underage and with an Irishman; the palace had been shocked. Sherlock, young and scared, had been delivered an unthinkable choice; he had chosen security over love, that time.
Sherlock coughed and continued, ‘maybe we could fake being in a relationship for a bit. It would really piss Mycroft off.’
Irene laughed. ‘Sorry, Sherlock. You’re not my type, and I don't make a habit of pissing off the royal family.’
And John smiled, one more tear falling from his left eye, and said clearly, ‘yes.’
Sherlock burst out laughing. ‘That,’ he choked, wiping away a tear, ‘Was an excellent impression.’
It’s like John’s seeing his son for the first time ever: it’s like the last six months have never happened. The hard wall around his heart shielding anything that might replace Sherlock snaps and John takes Nathaniel out of Lizzie’s arms. Almost immediately the baby starts crying and John says, utterly amazed, ‘I can’t believe it!’
Sebastian, Sherlock’s old advisor, had been thrown out of the palace after the cook found correspondence between him and some bloke who referred to Sebastian as
This was when he realised that there were other people in the room.
Sherlock pushed James off him with all of his strength James grunted and stared at him in shock. ‘What-‘
Sherlock hesitated again. ‘It gets quite personal.’
Mycroft had crossed his arms and glared right back. ‘No. I shall take you there and John can drop you back, if he wishes.’
Most of the children laughed loudly, and John closed his eyes as he blushed a deep red colour.
‘God I love you.’ John groaned. His bones had turned to jelly, he was so tired he could barely move, but he still looked at Sherlock, drinking in the sight of him, his boyfriend, his Prince, his Sherlock.
Technically, John wasn’t lying, but John didn't view himself as straight. He had only ever gone out with girls because girls were the only ones who had been interested in him. Gender meant nothing to him, and it never would. John would not be bothered if he fell in love with a girl or boy.
The soldiers had all been standing perfectly still, completely amazed, when a second man had come out of the helicopter. He had quietly informed all of the waiting soldiers that if they told anyone about this they would be exiled or worse. He had told them that a payment of £10000 had been made directly into their bank accounts; he hoped that this was enough to buy their silence.
‘I’m not in the mood.’ Sherlock stepped back, fixing John with a pale-blue stare so intense John felt himself blush. ‘Um, I need-‘
‘Now, William.’ Morag said, trying to sound kind and sweet. ‘William. Think about it. We’ll have no choice but to disown you; disgusting behaviour such as what you and this peasant,’ John winced again, ‘are doing is not allowed. Is this boy really worth more than your friends? Your family? Your kingdom?’
He didn't like the label bi; he didn't like any labels, really. He was content with not gay, for now at least.
Having talked about how the others had met, John’s bitchy other friends, their families and their other friends for over three hours, him and Sherlock were as close as they could possibly get without touching: John could almost feel the electric impulses the younger boy was giving off, dancing along their so-close legs. Sherlock’s pupils were blown from the alcohol, his hands draped casually over the arm of the sofa, his lips as curved as cupid’s bow, slightly open, pink tongue wetting them every now and then-
And at exactly the same time the voice in John’s head, and Sherlock, murmured, ‘My sentiments exactly.’
John nodded, deadly serious. ‘I promise.’
‘It was- was just so sudden.’ She wailed for what must have been the twentieth time. Henry patted her arm gently, pulling her towards him. ‘I know, love.’ He said. ‘We’re all sad. It's not like he was old, either.’
John had arrived at two in the morning; Sherlock had snuck him through the back door and up the stairs. Unfortunately, in his fatigued state (DI Lestrade, who was both a detective inspector at Scotland Yard and a constant member of the royal family’s police guard, had snuck him in a delicious double homicide and he’d been awake for one hundred and one hours solving it, bouncing ideas off John as he sat, amused, in his favourite red chair), Sherlock had forgotten to lock the door, and when Mycroft had heard voices in the early hours of the morning coming from his younger brother’s room he had (fairly, in John’s opinion) assumed that someone had snuck in and was attempting to kidnap Sherlock. It wouldn't have been the first time, and it certainly wouldn't be the last.
John stared at his best friend’s outstretched hand and thought
Sarah was speaking behind him, but John was too busy rolling up his sleeves, even as the pain continued, and his eyes widened at the line of blue
‘Brilliant,’ John whispered. ‘That was brilliant.’
Mycroft inclined his head and crossed his hands. 'Would you have him back, if you could?'
Sherlock made a gagging noise. The bruises were fading: after the original pain, it stopped quite quickly, and he knew that in the morning his wrist would feel back to normal. His poor soulmate, he thought sadly. He’d be in a cast for weeks. ‘Never.’
Sherlock shrugged. ‘All I know is that she has you whipped so hard you’re babysitting her
‘His name’s Harry,’ Henry was saying. ‘Named after his old man, but his middle name is John, like his big brother.’ Jenny groaned but Henry ignored her, still addressing John. ‘Wouldn't you like to see him?’
There’d been over six hundred people in the pods themselves and about one hundred and fifty who had been killed by debris. Originally, everyone had assumed it was one of the terror groups who had been plaguing the West for years. The King had said that they had been assisted by an up-and-coming Irish student named James Moriarty but nothing more, and everyone had accepted his word as truth.
Mike dutifully took out his iPhone, found the song and pressed play.
Sherlock whipped his head around and narrowed his eyes. ‘Excuse me?’
Sherlock raised his head and looked at John, standing with his daughter in his arms, and saw the life that he had always longed for in his grasp for the first time. He saw his life with John, his life with Rosie, the life that he was going to have,
John stopped, one hand on the handle.
Sherlock’s face broke out into the widest grin he’d ever produced, before valiantly controlling it and coughing. ‘Delightful.’
He didn’t mention the others; Number two,
Molly Hooper wrenched Irene Adler’s arm, pulled her until they were facing each other, and kissed her.
‘I have it on good authority that I am comedy genius.’ Sherlock replied, though his eyelids fluttered and he leaned in to kiss his boyfriend. ‘I can’t believe-‘
This was when Sherlock kissed him, softly and seriously, and murmured, ‘Vous êtes mon été, et mon soleil, et mon amour. Je t’aime.’
his brain whispered). He wanted to tell Sherlock he loved him so badly that he ran, sprinted, from where he was standing to join the crowd of people, legs aching as he hammered his way through the crowd, saying the same thing over and over (
), Sherlock’s stepmother, smiled. Sherlock nodded back; he didn’t mind Trisha: in fact, on a planet where Sherlock didn't just hate everyone, he would have liked her. There were stories every other week about how he resented the woman who had taken his mother’s place, which was just plain stupid. It wasn’t Trisha’s fault that she had fallen in love with his father, and it would have been illogical for Sherlock to have thought that. She wasn’t boring and he would’ve said he liked her, though he never said that about anyone, just in case he grew attached. In fact the only problem with Trisha was that she had managed to produce the single most annoying child in the history of the world-
‘That was quite a display,’ John replied. ‘I can almost see the film:
before resuming kissing Sherlock, touching Sherlock,
And then he noticed that John was crying and his expression instantly changed. ‘John, what happened-‘
'Shut up, Becca,' Tommy, another soldier, said angrily. 'Give Johnny a break.'
He knows he’ll end up breaking Sherlock, and he knows that this will give him an even bigger rush, but he doesn't want to break Sherlock yet. He tells himself it’s because the longer waits, the bigger the rush when the inevitable happens but deep down it’s because he
Sherlock and Irene had slept together two weeks previously. It had been a spur of the moment thing that hadn't meant anything to either; Sherlock had been upset because John had asked out the new brunette girl (abusive uncle, lives with grandparents, anxiety and depression) and Irene had been angry that one of her favourite regulars, Charlotte (17, bisexual, closeted, younger brother, freelance orgamist, divorced parents) had decided that she couldn't sleep with Irene anymore because she was ‘straight’. Sherlock had turned up at Irene’s door, they’d ended up drinking in her room and the next thing he knew Sherlock was no longer a virgin.
Right from walking into the house, John knew it was going to be awkward as
, 2010) and had remained in love with him through a year and a half of living together, two years of faking his own death, another two years of John being married, and now over a year of John’s wife being dead and John’s daughter being raised.
not eating, and John told him about the self-harming and the depression and even the suicidal thoughts that Sherlock would relate to Irene at two in the morning.
my summer.’
John turned on his side and touched Sherlock’s face gently. ‘Now, we stay together. That’s what we do.’
At almost seventeen, John was fulfilling everything expected of him. He was the captain of the rugby team, popular at school, a hit with the ladies. He was going to receive his GCSE results in just a couple of weeks and was predicted 4 A*, 5As and a B.
‘I do wish you’d stop calling it the creepy telepathic thing,’ Sherlock mumbled into his hands. ‘You mentioned it to Alicia Cooper-‘
And suddenly one person, deep in the crowd, shouted, ‘JOHNLOCK!’
'Barracks dismissed,' Sholto barked, and John jolted back to reality as he and the others trooped back into their bunk. Becca headed for her bunk at the back, glaring at John as she went, but John ignored her and headed straight for his bunk, kicking off his shoes. He wasn’t meant to remove his footwear, but he knew that Sholto wouldn’t get pissed at him. Sholto loved him.
Awkward silence. Rosie broke it by gurgling and sticking her fist in her mouth.
for being
Harry smiled, tossing her short blonde hair backwards and stepping back to get a good look at her little brother. ‘Didn’t we always say that if one of us got to go onto the balcony, they’d bring the other?’
'You could tell them, you know,' Mycroft said quietly, looking at the ground. 'The people, I mean. Father couldn't do anything and the majority of the world are now fully accepting of homosexuals.’
The story of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson: the most beautiful love story of all time.
‘It’s John,’ Hamish continued, ignoring Sherlock. ‘John Watson. I lied because- I don’t know.’
The first thing John saw when he arrived at the resort was Sherlock, sprinting up from the lake towards him.
His daughters flung themselves at him, tackling him to the ground. Dante, held firmly in Sherlock’s grasp, squealed delightedly as he toppled to the floor, landing on his father’s stomach as his sisters tickled Sherlock on the floor. ‘Please- no- Dante-‘
‘And Irene? I know you slept with her, Sher.’
John jumped, jolting his shoulder, before trying to turn over, seeking that voice, that voice he recognised even when it was cracked and hoarse and worried, scarcely daring to believe it. ‘Sherlock?’ He managed to roll over, ignoring the burst of pain in his shoulder, and suddenly it was worth it, all of it. Suffering alone for eighteen months, watching his friend die, even getting shot, because Sherlock was there, sitting next to him, staring into his eyes looking
Different was one to describe it. They weren’t wearing normal clothes: some people (John gaped at a man on stilts wearing nothing but feathers around his private parts) weren’t wearing clothes at all. Everyone was singing, and dancing, and smiling and laughing with each other. And holding hands. Lots of people holding hands, even boys with boys, and suddenly John noticed two girls
Twenty-four hours later, John was gone.
‘You-‘
Sherlock had been discharged in April, and they’d started Skyping, but it was different seeing him in person. He seemed taller, now there was some meat on his bones, and his hair was a bit shorter so John could really, actually see his eyes.
Mike was scrawling on a piece of paper. ‘If you write him a sonnet, that’s a love poem, he’ll think that you’re a genius.’
John blushed and looked at Sherlock, who seemed to be ignoring the nanny/housekeeper. ‘We’re not- not a couple,’ he muttered. Mrs Hudson raised an eyebrow and whispered, ‘don’t have to hide it with me, dear. Mrs Turner, who works with Duke Charles, has married ones.’
Victor smiled, a slow, easy smile. ‘And you’re not a lesbian?’
‘Why is he changing names?’ Charlie said, tossing her long blonde hair behind her and glaring at her older brother. They were just a year apart, and whilst they were often best friends, they were also regularly worst enemies.
moment, this moment right
The crowd were utterly silent. The Watsons were utterly silent.
Before Morag could appear, Lestrade’s head appeared from behind the door. He looked nervously at them and said, ‘your majesty? It’s time to go.’
John fell to his knees and looked up at the grey, dank sky. The mud was soft between his toes.
‘Oh.’ John could feel himself going red (why the
, but he was staring at Sherlock with the deepest relief Sherlock had ever seen on another human being’s face.
He hadn’t visited the grave for a while.
‘It’s just a coronation.’ Sherlock mumbled: he hated it when Mycroft got all disappointed, it made him feel guilty which in turn made him feel angry because why should he feel guilty about nothing? Thankfully, Mycroft didn't reply, focusing on his phone, so Sherlock turned his attention back to his ceremonial dress. 'Irene,' he said, batting his eyelashes, 'I seem to be having trouble buttoning up this godforsaken shirt. Assistance?' Irene stepped in front of him, deftly doing up all the buttons, smiling up at him seductively because she knew
‘So he’s bored?’ John looked up in horror: Sherlock couldn't grow
) and his uncle Richard (
what I deserve,’ Sherlock said bitterly. ‘I’m a fucking
But Sherlock couldn’t see this. For some reason, he thought he was a screw-up, and it hurt John more than anything to see the person he loved most in the world believe this, utterly and truly believe this, about himself.
‘Why, John?’ John’s mother said. ‘What’s going on?’
Captain Henry Watson had been home for three months out of the first ten years of John’s life, busy fighting that dratted war in the desert since John was three years old and before that at the training camps in southern France. John was incredibly proud of his father, always had been, but when Henry had returned full time when John was fourteen, it had been difficult for the boy, now a teenager, to adjust. John could barely remember him and he had got used to the house with just him, Harry and Jenny Watson, his mother. There had been friction, anger and eventually acceptance, and now Henry and John were inseparable.
to with someone who
‘Sherlock,’ Jim said, eyes darting between the two, ‘Mikey is here to get you.’
‘D’you know that scene where Piper and Alex dance and Piper gets chucked in solitary?’ When John looked blank, she added, ‘In season 1.’
Seven people had come out onto the balcony, aged from about thirty-five to twenty. At first, John didn’t recognise any of them (were they the doctors who had examined William’s body?) and tried to look past them, dismissing them as irrelevant, behind them for Sherlock-
'Doubt it,' the more masculine girl laughed. 'Knowing Johnny he's gone for a right minger.'
‘That’s just your bad luck,’ Sherlock pointed out. ‘I was only twenty-five when you were born, Christopher, I didn’t think how only three names would impact you later on in life.’
Irene released him and smiled widely. ‘Thank god you’re here, Watson. It’s totally
‘Yes, Captain.’ Sherlock took another pen, frowning at the curious sensation in his groin. ‘John- do I have a military kink?’
that?’ John asked, and Irene mock-shuddered. ‘
Sherlock winced and opened his eyes. ‘I didn't think anyone would find out, Irene. We decided not to tell anyone.’
But John Watson was not just any friend. Victor was a friend, Mike was a friend, Lestrade could be counted as a friend. No. John Watson was his best friend. No one else was John’s best friend, just he. John had told him so, himself.
